♪♪♪ Some never wear shorts, some never wear jeans, some never use hammers that don't have ball peens.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Mm, thank you to fuckers stole my huffy for that catchphrase submission.

Thank you to fuckers stole my huffy and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Special back to school edition as this is the first episode in September, I believe it may be Labor Day today. So, to all of you who have the day off as well as most of 2020 off, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. We have a very special show. By the way, my name is Scott Ockerman. I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang. We have a very special show. Today we have a thespian. We have an author. We have a racon tour. An actress. She'll be coming up very soon. We also have a CEO. That's incredible.

Not only an entrepreneur, because we have a lot of entrepreneurs on this show, but this is the person who's in up at the tippy top of the food chain. And I believe the CEO of a food chain. So, we'll be talking to her later. And we also have a bus driver will be joining us a little bit later.

So that's very exciting. We have an incredible show. But let's bring on the aforementioned actress, author, personality, Instagram celebrity. You know her from screams, both big and small, from freaks to geeks to some of those little old creeks, Dawson's that is, please welcome, busy phillips. Hello, busy. Hello, Scott.

How are you? I'm great. So good to see you. How have you been? Thank you. Um, I've been OK. I've been fine. Yeah. I mean, I don't want to, I don't want to be better than you, but I'm doing great. I'm doing for you. Like incredible.

And Scott, why shouldn't you be doing great and incredible?

Busy, this is your first time on the show. Is it not? Is that incredible? Because we've known each other for a bit of time. And yet, I've been my feelings have been hurt, Scott. It's not because of the invitation has not been extended to you. Although we did have to go through publicists for this.

Because strangely, I do not have your email address. And I'm willing to have you give it over the air to me right now. I think I have to change my email. I have too much. It's too much spam.

Yeah. Oh, I could give you that one right now. OK, yeah. Go ahead. I'm not going to.

I'm still not. I'm not interested. But I, uh, that seems weird that you don't have my email because I feel like I've gotten emails from you. That's it.

Well, maybe I have here. Let me do a little email search because I am. You know, you know, you'll send a, uh, whatever your preferred way of sending invitations is. And you definitely have it in there. And whatever email you have, I have your manager's email. That's it. That's all I have.

Carrie. Uh, I, that's not my manager.

No, Julie's not a manager. No. Oh, OK. Well, that's the last time. Breaking news guys.

Breaking news, everyone. It's not. It's not. Busy switches teams. I mean, it's not as exciting as the headline would have it sound.

Um, no, but you, I've been invited to like parties at your house and stuff. So, probably cool. I have this. Well, for sure, she does, but I'm just saying you probably have access to it.

Probably if I were to ever speak to CoolApp, but we have been, uh, under quarantine from each other since March, you guys, you guys aren't the kind of couple that share an email address. Do you know?

Yes. I, I, I think you're talking about one couple in particular. I guess it's the only couple I know that shares me. Right.

I'll let's trade notes on who that is, but I'm pretty sure it's the same person. I do.

I remember when email first came out back in the 90s, uh, like there'd be one per household, like my roommate and I shared one because you only got maybe one a day plus vitamins, you know, maybe. I mean, I feel like we, my, I feel like we each had our own email. I had AOL back in the day.

Yeah. Oh hell yeah. Everyone did. And we, we paid what $20 for it or something 20 a month?

I don't know. I remember I just was like, it was like my maybe junior, senior year of high school.

So my parents paid for it. And then when I went to college, I had my college email address, kept my AOL though until like last year. Were you on that Facebook back in college? No, I, that was, it was, um, I'm. I'm.

Invented afterwards. Yes. Yes. I didn't know about Facebook until I was doing this movie when you were talking about those screens big. Sure. Only been a few. Um, and it was this movie called Made of Honor with Whitney Cummings. Was that M.A.D.E. of honor? She was made of honor. Oh, okay. But she also asked him to be her made of honor. Oh, so it was a real double on tawn.

Yeah. That's like a grace under fire. It's almost exactly like that. Yeah.

Anyway, Whitney was the first person I knew who had Facebook and was like, oh, you're not on Facebook.

And she showed it to you on, uh, on the computer and said, hey, look what you could do. You can look up all these people and eventually we'll be able to overthrow the government because of it.

Well, I had like friends, sure. Sure. You know, I was like a friendster.

Right. I was a person. Yeah. I was a person that had friends. I would like to bring.

I like, wait, my space. Who had the top eight? No, friendster.

Friendster had top eight. Okay. Yeah. That was the original.

Yeah. Friendster was the original.

And then, and then I had, and then I went to my space for a bit and then, I don't know.

Yeah. She tried to get me into Facebook. I like used it to just stalk like people from high school for a minute. And then I was, I'm like, this, there's nothing for me here. And I wish people from high school were you still interested in? Was this like old flames that you wanted to check out? Like, is my life better than theirs or? Yes. Yes. Uh huh. Yeah. That's, that's pretty common.

Like you want to, you want to be doing better than, I mean, it was, it's obvious I was. You know what I mean? Like I didn't make Facebook to tell me that. You're made of honor. Yeah. This is what I'm saying. But, um, no, I guess like, yeah, sort of that, but also I just was cured. I was like, very curious about what people ended up doing. I didn't have like the greatest high school experience. So, really, were you acting in high school already? Not professionally, but like, yes. So did you do plays and stuff like that at high school? It wasn't like anything legit, but, but I was, I started doing, I got paid to do these toy fairs as an actor.

They would have. What does that mean?

You, you, you demonstrate how the toys work or something like that? Is that what it is? Well, Mattel and specifically would hire actors to portray like life size versions of their Barbies.

Oh, their dolls. And so you would be dry. I would be dry. I was dressed up in a life size version of the Barbie doll. Which bar? What does that mean? Like, which Barbie were you?

Well, this is where all home Barbie or? No, this is where it also gets confusing.

It wasn't actually a Barbie. Mattel was releasing the doll line based off of the clueless TV show that was based off the clueless movie.

Sure. And so I was hired to be the share clueless doll at the toy fairs. How much did you get paid for this, for this gig?

Interesting. You should ask that, Scott. That brings me to this. So I worked at California Pizza Kitchen was my actual after-school job. In Illinois or? No, it's got, I grew up in Arizona. Oh, okay. You were born though in Illinois. Yes. I'm, we moved to Arizona when I was five.

So knowing me for so long, Scott, you know so little about me. It's wild. You know what? I think someone's early life is usually kind of boring and we never need to talk about it. Mine was thrilling.

Okay. In Scottsdale. A lot happened. I wrote about, I wrote a fucking book about it. I got to get to this book. I, I, oh, my book? Yeah, I have to, I wanted to ask you a question about the book and we'll get back to you to how much you got paid. But there's a little bit of controversy on your Wikipedia page, which I read instead of your book. It says that on your television show, Busy Tonight, you say that you received the nickname Busy as a child from your mother. But in your book, you state that your babysitter gave you the nickname.

Which of these is true? Let's clear it up so that we can have a citation on your Wikipedia page from this episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

My babysitter gave it to me and then my mother, yeah, and then my mom popularized immediately. Yeah. My mom was like, that's great. That's right. My babysitter, my babysitter, who she, who came to my book tour, she came to my book reading in Illinois.

When I, when I did one outside of Chicago, she, I guess she was the one that first started calling me Busy. She's busy, busy Beth or Busy Lizzy or something like that. And then my mom, I don't know.

I mean, at this point, Scott, what are you know, 41 years ago, it needs to be cleared up because this is the first thing on your Wikipedia page. Does it still say that I'm married to Tyler, the creator? Because it said that for a while. No, Mark still, he got, he made, he made it back in. Yeah, he's back. I was excited when I said I was married to Tyler, a creator. I was like, that's pretty good one. Did they have a citation for that?

Like what or?

I know somebody had brought it to my attention and I was like, Oh, well, I'm a fan. So that's cool.

This was a few years ago. And then I saw him at John and Vinny's, the restaurant on Fairfax.

And, and we spoke and I said, I guess we're married on. And do I, did he, did he know anything about this or? Yeah, I think he did actually. He's the one who edited your page.

Yeah, a great, like a freaks and geeks fan. Oh, well, oh, interesting. Yeah. You have a great picture on your Wikipedia page. Really? Yeah. Yeah. You speaking at South by Southwest in 2019.

Am I wearing like a plaid, gingham, plaid dress? It is.

Well, it's not gingham. No, it appears.

Look, I'm going to click on it, make a little bit bigger and fuzzier, but it appears to have flowers on it. It is a multicolored flower, some roses. That sounds like me. Yeah, it sounds like me.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Check it out. Yeah. So let's get back to how much you got paid for this Barbie convention. So you have to remember this was like 1996, 1997. So in 1996 dollars, what are we talking?

I think I got four grand a week. Whoa. Yeah. Dude, it was.

More than the writer's guilt minimum currently. Yeah. And I'm, it was like more than I made at California Pizza Kitchen for eight years. Like, because I worked at Calvert, I worked at CPK from when I like, you only made $500 a year at California Pizza Kitchen. I don't know. I mean, I mean, who knows. Oh, meaning you may meaning you may made $8,000 a year per year. So you made for eight years, you made $64,000. Wait, no, no, that's that can't be right. And it wasn't eight years.

It was I worked there from when I was 16. And then I quit when I got the pilot. I moved out here and they transferred me to CPK and the Marina Marina. Oh, that's a good one. It was a good one. It was nice. And then I have a great tight chicken pizza there. It's the same everywhere. It's got so it's the same pizza everywhere. Oh, it's a good idea. I actually, I feel like it's kind of RIP CPK. I think it's kind of done, isn't it? Rips. I think all, all restaurants might be done at this point, but for real. Yeah. Busy during your second year on ER, your character headed to South America to fulfill her Christian mission.

Tell us about that.

Well, basically, they didn't want to pay me any more money.

And I was like, fuck this.

Is that cool? That's pretty good. Yeah. Now you received co-credit for the storyline of the 2007 comedy film, Blades of Glory. Tell us about that. Again, I'm going to reference you to my book, because it's a longer story than you have. And we have to check out that book. Okay, we do need to talk. Speaking of stories, I'm sure you tell quite a few of them on this show, but you have a new podcast, which is entitled Busy Phillips is doing. Oh, wait, I wrote down Busy Phillips is doing her out. That's not correct. It's doing her out. I'm just doing her out, guys.

Just doing her out. Yeah. And Busy Phillips is doing her best.

And what exactly is this? Is this sort of based? Is this the same kind of show as your talk show?

You of course had the Busy tonight talk show. No, basically what happened was post Busy tonight, my partner Casey St. Ange and I, who was my show runner on that show, who Paul knows very well.

And I know as well, wonderful person. Yes, she is. And we decided we were going to kind of like do something different. And we were starting this whole endeavor that was pretty complicated and still in like entertainment. But anyway, we were like getting it together and we sold the podcast sort of like as like the startup journey following us as we like build this thing.

And then, and so we recorded a bunch. And the idea was that like when we were ready to sort of announce the thing that we were launching that we would put, you know, start the podcast a couple weeks before whatever. And then COVID happened and like everything ground to a hall obvie. I don't need to tell you that. And then, but then beyond that, I guess because I, because I am a mom and I have two kids and. Yeah, so on your Wikipedia page.

So anyway, I had to kind of just like reevaluate everything.

And Casey and I took a pause and then we scrapped the podcast because I was like, well, it's not even going to make sense anymore.

And I don't even want to do the thing that we were like, it's just everything changed. So we decided to do a podcast with our friend, Shantira Jackson, who is one of the writers on Busy tonight and talk about talk to people about pivots in their lives. And this time is interesting for everyone because I feel like everyone's having to sort of face that question of like, what's next and things that you thought you had planned, maybe were put on hold or were canceled altogether. And how do you kind of like move forward? And I think that a lot of people who are really successful have that as a through line throughout their entire lives, like where they've had been faced with these moments and they have to make choices. And it's, you know, the grace or whatever that you find in those moments that kind of.

Under fire. Again, but specifically only that show that is the thing that I think really keeps you going. And anyway, I just wanted to talk to people about how you keep going in times when you feel like you're everything's crumbled. So this is about big life changes. Who have you talked to already? The show has been out for a few weeks at this point. Who are some of your guests and what do you talk about? We spoke with Rosie O'Donnell, which was really interesting.

And also one of Casey's early bosses. Oh, Rosanne or no wait, Rosanne, what am I thinking?

Rosanne was Rosie O'Donnell Rosanne? No, she was not. Did she play Rosanne? She did not.

I'm pretty sure she played Rosanne. No, but I think you have.

Um, Ike Baron Holtz was my first guest. Ike Baron Holtz, our old buddy Ike Baron Holtz, of course. He's a old friend of mine for many, many years.

Wonderful.

And a woman named Carrie Champion, who's a friend of mine who has a new show on Vice, Carrie and Jamil stick to sports. Like a talk show that's on Wednesday nights.

And she's cool. And I've talked to Danny McBride and Gillian Jacobs, but those haven't aired yet.

And well, you're getting much better guests than I can get.

I mean, honestly, you are the biggest star we've had on in months on this show. I don't know. It may, I stopped getting anyone's email address. I have to go through, through publicists for everything. I don't know. It's just terrible.

Scott, I feel like I just like, I have the drags on this show. I mean, coming up a little later, we have a CEO of a restaurant. That's fine, but you're getting like Danny McBride and people like that. I mean, we have a bus driver later. I mean, this show is just going down the tubes. It's a different, it's a different show, Scott. You know, I mean, I don't know. I used to get big stars on this show and just you look at her lineups for the past few weeks, like we had two theater actors last week. It's just, I don't know. I don't know what's going on with our booking.

I don't know what kind of what theater actors they were.

They were theater actors from Michigan from a small town in Michigan who had never seen a play before. It was.

Well, that's that's tough. Yeah. I don't know what's going on with.

They obviously they obviously hadn't they weren't around when Rosie O'Donnell had her talk show because she used to have Broadway casts on to perform. Right. Yeah.

You know, they would have been exposed.

It's interesting that you went from Roseanne to a talk show.

All right. This is Phillips is here busy. We need to take a break. If that's okay. Is that all right with you? I mean, I know you're you're used to being in charge and you are the one who throws the breaks normally, but this is your show. This is your show. Thank you for recognizing that. We do need to take a break.

When we come back, we will have the CEO of a major corporation. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this. Comedy bang bang. We are back here with busy Phillips.

Busy is doing her best is the podcast. A few episodes out there and this is a weekly show and you'll be continuing it for a while. Is that right? It's a weekly show that I will be continuing it for a while. Fantastic. Well, speaking of weeks, this person has been alive for several weeks of her life and she is the CEO of a major restaurant chain.

Please welcome Tricia Seawater. Oh, thank you for having me, Scott. Thank you. My pleasure. I have I like to be described that way like a like a baby in several weeks old. How many weeks old would you say you are? There's 52 in a year.

Oh, well, then I'm probably like close up upwards of 500.

Yeah. So you're 10 years old.

Well, okay. Well, I'm not a mathematician. What I am as a manager CEO. I manage I manage staff at an organization, a beautiful organization. I'm beautiful.

What is the organization before we get to that though? This is busy Phillips. Are you excited to be on with a major start? This is the biggest start we've had on in months. I think this is a huge deal, Scott.

And I'm excited. I'm thrilled. I'm happy to be here.

Did you ever watch the the busy tonight show or the Dawson's Creek show or any of the other made of honor? I did watch Dawson's Creek. I was a big Dawson's Creek fan. Haven't been able to watch busy tonight. I am a big fan of you busy, but I haven't haven't been able to watch busy tonight as I often work nights. I work nights as well as mornings and afternoons. Yeah. So, yeah. I mean, when you're the CEO of a major restaurant chain, I would imagine there's so much work to be done. There is a lot of work to be done. Scott, and things have gotten actually pretty busy. You see ever since Beyonce made that song where she says, if he fuck me good, I take his ass to Red Lobster business has been booming, if you will.

So you are the CEO then of Red Lobster?

Is that what we are? Yes. Red Lobster. Yes. Red Lobster.

That's a wonderful chain.

Wonderful. The Cheddar Bay Biscuits. Oh, you like? Okay, chain. I thought you were referring to my necklace. Yes. Oh, no, that is a wonderful chain as well. I don't mean to give that the short trip to be. It's very, I mean, what, how would you describe that? That's like somewhere between the situation and a and a flavor flave. Oh, okay. Situation for the flavor fliver. And I throw in a snooky to. Sure, of course. It's not real. I don't like to spend my money on flashy things.

It's not the CEO of Red Lobster. You must be making millions. And let me tell you, I've been making many millions since Beyonce made that song. And yeah, people are bringing in their, their male partners because they've been, my guess is fucking fucking them good.

Right. So is that changed the clientele? Are you seeing a lot of like post-coitus people who are like sort of sweaty and out of breath and yeah, oftentimes sweaty, oftentimes out of breath, other times covered in substances. I'm not interested in getting into the details of that.

That's not the smell in Red Lobster now must be. I mean, before you would go in and smell a lot of seafood. And now it just must be exponential. It smells like sex and biscuits. So yeah, things are getting things are getting busy. And I heard you say, Scott, that you thought restaurants were done? Restaurants? No, not at Red Lobster.

Restaurants are on and they are popping as well. Yeah. So people are still congregating. I mean, I guess people are still making love during this quarantine. In fact, I think people are making more love now than they ever made before. I would say for those who are. Well, there's no excuse anymore. You're, you know, what I mean, it used to be like you'd get home after a hard day of work at eight o'clock and you'd put your briefcase down and you'd be like, Oh, honey, oh, a tough day. I'm just gonna, I'm just gonna put a cold compress on my head and get to get to sleep. And now it's like we're all just around each other all the time. There's there's just no excuse. You just have to have sex all the time.

Everyone is having sex at all times. Do you find that to be true busy?

It goes one of two ways. I think in during this time, it's gone one of two ways for people. So people can be sick of each other where it's like not you again. I think it's either a lot of sex or straight up divorce. Yeah. And I don't think anything in between. I don't think there's nothing in between at this moment. Nothing in between. But let me tell you, I'm seeing a lot of sex. I'm seeing a lot of sex. In fact, some couples are bringing their partner to the red lobster, having sex and then sitting down for a meal.

Well, they're having sex in the, in the, in the, in the bathrooms or in the, in the, in the, in the, yes, yes, in the bathroom parking, in the dining room, in the parking lot, because, you know, the dining room itself is closed. Now everything is outdoor seating. So sometimes they walk in to the restaurant to have sex, step outside and have a meal, have a, what do you call it, surf and turf. Yeah. So is that what they call it? I haven't done surf and turf in a while.

Yeah. You don't want to have sex on sand though. That's like too much. It's right. So it's, but this is a better way to do the surf and turf. Yeah. So you actually just head straight into the red lobster. You should put a bed in the actual dining room. And that way, you know, you know, Scott, we've kind of turned the dining rooms into hostels.

And so there's several little caught like beds and people are getting it on and they are getting it popping as well.

Yeah. So business is booming. I actually, I actually can't even stay that long because my staff needs me because I sort of supervise. Oh, so a little bit more. We'd love to hear more about, about the, the rest of the. Yeah. Okay. Well, what do you want to know about it, Scott? We make biscuits and we have lobsters. What's up? What's up? Okay.

I guess that's it. If you want to go, you can. I was, it seems like a waste of your time to come on this show just to, just to say that people are having sex and you're busy and that's it. Now you're leaving.

No, I, I can stay. If this is a matter of, we're in a fight.

I can stay. Scott, I don't know what you said you wanted to leave you leave if you want. Stay if you want. I want to join a bank me to stay. All right. Please stay. Please. Okay. That's all you needed to do. Yeah. So you like to play hard to get. Yeah, I do like to play hard to get one of my favorite board games actually.

So I, I, you know, a lot of people, I do feel bad for the general public. A lot of people down and a lot of people out right now. But I have to say I am up. I'm up and I'm up. Yeah.

And I wish that Beyonce would, would, would record a song saying if you get a divorce, then take your ass to Red Lobster because then you'd cover both ends of the spectrum.

Cover both ends, right? And you know what? I do, I have reached out to her people and I recorded a tune for her myself. I did a little demo for her. Yeah, I did. I mean, a record producer as well. I mean, it seems like you have so much on your plate. No pun intended.

Well, okay. All right, clever. That was actually pretty because you have plates in Red Lobster.

That's you serve a food and then oftentimes the plate is full. I understand. I like that.

You know, I don't produce myself, Scott, but I have, I do fancy myself, a little independent artist, but that's not what I'm here to do. So you don't produce your own records?

No, I just go on that piff dot com and get beats and I, I sing over them.

Yeah. Yeah. That is a dot com. Okay. I got to check that out.

Yeah, lots of mixtapes and free beats. Okay. I, you know, I tell my staff, I constantly tell my staff, I say to them, look, the customer is always white and. Wait, did you say the customer's white? The customer's always white. Yeah. I may be mishearing you busy. I'm not sure if you're hearing what I'm hearing, but it sounds like it sounds to me like you mean to say the customer is always right, but you're saying the customer is always okay.

And that's okay. What did you hear?

Okay. Yeah, I heard the customer's always white. You heard it too. Okay. Yeah. That's, yeah.

I would like some evidence of the contrary. Anyone can give it to me? No, no one's got any evidence of the country. I maybe you're right. I don't know that I've ever necessarily seen.

Maybe I'm maybe I'm white. Maybe I'm white. All right. Wait, are you? I don't want to describe you for the listener offensive. I'm ambiguous. I'm ambiguous. A little bit of everything.

You got everything in it. Okay. A little bit of everything.

That's why I can relate to all my customers. Anyways, Scott, what were you trying to get out here? Because I don't have to go.

Please, please don't go. Please. I'm begging you. Okay.

Okay. All right. Well, because you're begged. Yeah. What's up? Well, I guess I guess. I'm on here for today. Yeah. What did I bring you on for? You're the one who had to come. Yeah. You asked me.

I didn't ask shit.

Scott, I do. I have a text message from. I don't care if you're here.

That's you really don't do me. You don't don't do me fucking favors by Scott.

Scott, don't listen. Just know you can't take things you say in a fight back. It's already out.

It's in the universe. It is. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm getting I'm getting heated. I just like I I've never had a guest more apathetic about their appearance on the show. I love this podcast. This is awesome. Why did you want to be on the show? You wanted to come on and say one thing that Beyonce made your your restaurant more popular and that's it. Then you want to bounce? Sorry. I just heard you saying you had a hard time booking guests. In fact, I feel quality guests quality guests like busy Phillips. I have trouble booking because it seems like every time I do this show, I look down at the guest list and it's people like you who are just having nothing to say.

You what do you mean by people like you? Okay. I feel it feels rude. It feels rude. It's got I'm just and listen. You were there for it. You heard him say, you know, I'm booking CEOs, you know, Scott, when's the last time you talked to a CEO? Huh? Yeah, I yeah, I guess you're right. I mean, technically busy. You probably have a low now company that you're the CEO of. I do. I do.

I do. Isn't an escort. Isn't an escort? I have both actually. Yeah, I have five too. Yeah.

Boy, two CEOs. I've been a double CEO. I'm also my chief branding officer. Okay. Now.

Pretty freaking cool. Are you also? Would you call yourself your CEO as well?

I'm also my CEO. Oh, I'm also a CCO chief. And I'm the CMO.

I'm the CMO. Wow. Wow.

Scott asked me my favorite position, please. Oh, sure. No problem. Trisha seawater. What is your favorite position? Reverse cowgirl. All right. Awesome.

What do you what do you like about that? It's you. I have to confess that one. That one is not for me. It kind of bends everything in an uncomfortable position. Uncomfortable position.

Yeah. Well, my favorite thing about that one is just the view. You get a good view.

Okay. Let the man in his eyes. You can check out his artwork. I'm assuming you're over at his place.

Yeah. Often it never has he allowed in my sanctuary. Yeah.

Sure. Often it is place.

Yeah. And I know what you thought I was going to say. You thought I was going to say CEO, but that's that's two on the nose, right? Sure. Sure. Of course. Two on the nose too obvious.

Speaking on the nose, that's my favorite position. That's okay. Explain. Describe that one to me.

Never mind. Just imagine it. Imagine never mind. Don't imagine cool up. We don't want to bring her in here. Yeah. We don't let's actually respect the union. All right. Yeah, of course.

Speaking of which, are you are you married? Do you have someone special in your life?

Married to the money. Yeah. Married to the money. Make that money. You don't need a man.

But okay. All jokes aside, I do have a husband. I have a husband. Clifford. Clifford. Clifford.

My husband. Yeah, we do live in separate homes. Let's just say Clifford, I wouldn't be taking him to Red Lobster if you know what I'm saying. Oh, you guys. I'll give you a beat. I'll give you a beat to put that together. Yeah, I got to go on Piff.com. Is that what it was? Well, not to get that beat.

That bit. That bit. That is as opposed to this.

Deputy. I'll get the beat there. So you guys are not in sexual Congress currently?

Well, let's see. Let's say he's the house. I'm Senate. We're not in session.

I'm so sorry. How long have you been married? We've been married for 22.

Well, years, weeks, days, what? Yeah. Yeah.

Years. Years. Yeah. See a 22 years. Well, you know, I mean, sometimes a marriage can get, I mean, busy. Do you have any sort of advice for for Trisha seawater here?

Every season, every season is different, you know, you know, you just have to move through them.

And I'm sure that you and Clifford are just going to move through this season.

Well, like look at Law and Order. That's been on the air for probably 22 years at least.

Yeah. Every season of that is different. I mean, it's, you know, Jerry Orbach got rest in power.

He passed on. And so now it's different, you know, and when Elliot Stable left, things were never the same. I don't actually have too much time to watch that sort of program, but because I do work. Yeah. Your nights are busy from what I hear.

My nights, my mornings, my afternoons as well. Could that be why Clifford and you are not having sex?

Oh, okay. Because you're never home. He hates a working woman. Okay. He hates a working house.

I don't mean to blame you. I don't mean to blame everything on you.

What do you think is the issue? He also is the CEO. He's the CEO. Yeah. He's the CEO of his own situation. Subway, Subway sandwiches. Yeah. Yeah. You are the CEO of Red Lobster and CEO of Subway.

I know Jared. I can get you Jared's autograph Scott. That's not exactly what I was thinking.

Scott, really don't bother him. I think he's fine. I really wouldn't want to put any pressure on him to get an autograph. Scott just asked, okay. Yeah.

He is the CEO of Subway. So there's a little bit of competition between me and the husband. Yeah.

Yeah. That's been nice. Two powerful people. Yeah. Two powerful two powerhouses can't live in one house. And that's what I always say.

Yeah. Do you have side by side mansions or? No, he lives.

He lives a couple blocks away.

He lives a couple blocks away in a tent actually. So let them dance. It's by choice. He's one of those. He's like one of those CEOs who wears hoodies. You know, okay. Yeah. Yeah. He wears hoodies and he walks places. Yeah. So what do you think the problem?

What do you think the issue is between you and Clifford? He's never blown my back out. If you know what I mean. I know what you mean.

It's just strange that you would get married to a person who's never performed the services upon you.

Well, well, Scott, we did wait till we got married. Oh, I see. Religious or just traditional?

No, just wanted to see if we could do it. It was like a challenge. It's like a dare. Yeah, it was like a dare. And you know, we just we and we did do it. It was pretty cool. Yeah. So what was your wedding night like? We, well, we also slept in separate rooms because my whole thing, you know, Scott, it wasn't we waited till marriage. And then when we got to marriage, we were like, that wasn't so bad the waiting. And so we said, let's see how much longer we go.

Let's keep it going. Yeah. So you just have never had had sex with him in 22 years?

No, we had sex one time. I tried the reverse. What time?

Girl on him. Oh, he's like the Fuji's.

I do like the Fuji's. You know, it's a real disservice.

What we did to Lauren Hill.

Yeah. I guess. What did we do? We bought a records. Scott, you were there. The records, the one there's one. Sure. Well, yeah. Well, she had the unplugged as well.

Oh, that's okay. And you bought both of those. You. Well, I only bought that. No, I bought the first one. You're right. I started. Well, she took too long to put out a follow up.

Well, you know what, Scott? She was going through some things. Yeah, too many monologues in between songs. You know what I mean? You didn't like to hear the children define love on the album. You didn't like it. It just makes for a frustrating listening experience. If you're if you're, you know what I say. I'm busy, right? Come on, back to your apartment.

I feel like I feel like I again, I'm going to side. You're siding with the CEO.

Yeah. I feel like I'm outnumbered here because you're two CEOs. We have a real problem with mental health in this country and having like an honest discord around it. Thank you. Thanks so much.

We should buy someone's record because they're mentally ill.

No, but we should like not vilify them. Well, people did. I don't know. At the time, she was like, people dragged her. She got dragged. She didn't help the mental health. Yeah.

It wasn't right, Scott, what you did to her. I have found the quality of records that people put out once they become mentally ill. It tends to decline. Have you listened to any of the recent Kanye West records? You know, actually, I feel like I haven't heard the last several albums.

Well, so then you're doing the same thing that I did with Lord Hill.

No, no, no, no, no. Kanye has come to the restaurant a few times, actually.

Oh, has he? And listen, I can't be at every Red Lobster at the time.

Do you try to go to every single one per day? I try to do close to every single one per day.

I probably hit about 75% of our locations in any given day.

Amazing. Across nationwide.

You're like your Santa. You're like Santa. I am. I am. And I come, you know, people do, you know, when I get there, my employees do leave me biscuits and cow's milk, glasses of cow's milk.

That's cow's milk. Yeah. Why cow's milk? Oh, I feel you'd have to make the distinction now, because everyone's into all the non-dairy options. But I'm a big fan of dairy. Yeah.

Oh, you love dairy. That doesn't, it doesn't bother you. I do love dairy. It does, it does bother me. I often have, do you want to know the D-tour just? I love it. I love it detail. Yeah.

Okay. Yeah. Often leaves me with raging diary. Yeah. And so, yeah. That's what it does, I think, for most people. Yeah. But I can't give it up. It's so sweet, you know. My back is covered in acne.

And I know what you're thinking, a woman of my age. Surely she doesn't have acne all over her back. But turns out I do. Should I show? Yeah, I'll show you. Give us a good look at you.

If you don't mind. This is what Clifford sees when I do reverse cowgirl, the one time. The one time.

Well, look, guys, we need to take a break if that's okay.

We're going to come right back.

Is it something I did? Don't make me beg you to keep being on the show, but you're not going to go away. Are you? I would love for you to come back after the break. No, I'll be here. I'll be here. I come through. I have time today. Good. Trisha seawater for the CEO of Red Lobsters here, also busy Phillips is here. When we come back, we'll have a bus driver. This is very exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We are back. We have busy Phillips here.

Busy Phillips is doing her best hot new podcast climbing up the charts, getting better guests than me trying to do it. You're one of these celebrities who's coming out with a podcast. Now the podcasts are popular and basically trying to take over the whole industry. Our podcast is not popular now. Haven't they jumped the shark?

I hope it's too late. I hope celebrities figure that out. I think we can get into it too late.

Yes. I think it's over. I'm glad that's about where I'm at.

That's what I hope celebrities figure out is that it's no longer the easy gravy train to money and success.

I had to jump to this other career change because all the movie stars decided that TV was where it was at, Scott. That's the thing. Suddenly, suddenly, I'm a podcast guy. I've been doing mine for 11 years. All these TV stars come in and they start doing podcasts. What am I supposed to go to?

I have nothing. I mean, except for a ton of money that you made in 11 years.

That is a good point. As we gave a ton of money, we have a very rich woman. The sea of Red Lobster here, Tricia Seawater is here. You stuck around. I'm so glad that you're still here.

You know, well, you begged. You begged me. During the break, I got down on my hands and knees.

Yes. Like a little dog. Yes. Not like this. Like a little dog. You look like a Maltese.

If Clifford were to do that, would you like that? Maybe that would reignite the spark?

You know, I don't like it because Clifford is the name of a dog, a pretty well-known dog.

It was not the dog. Is he? He's not the big red dog. No, not the dogs. What do I look like?

I'm into bestiality. Scott, how do you look? I don't know what you look. I don't want to describe you for the listener. You got a little bit of everything. A little bit of everything, but acne on my back is in fact. Okay. But Scott, what do I look like doing reverse cow girl on a dog? Do you know how problematic that is? From the logistics to the title, imagine being a dog.

Because normally a dog, they only have one position. You know what I mean? And it's named after them. They popularized it so much that. Yes.

Yes. Exactly. And I don't like that position. I actually don't like that. You don't like that.

I mean, it's very similar to reverse cow girl. It just seems like it's the, you know, it's like everyone's sitting up. The angle. Yeah, the angle for me, it's going to be a no from me dog. Yeah, I don't like it. I don't. It sounds to be like you're having sex with dogs just from everything you've been saying. Scott, come on.

Okay. I'm. Is that the kind of, is that the kind of, we don't have time to follow this thread, but I'm fairly certain we have other guests here today. I just want to say, I am the CEO of a company and you have to understand the things you say about me on this here pod could have a detrimental impact. We don't want anyone going to Red Lobster and imagining you having sex with dogs. That's what we want to get there. Well, they can go and imagine that as long as they're showing up. I just want the people showing up. Whatever. So if that helps them, please come on over to Red Lobster.

Yes. Have sex in our, in our, in our bathrooms in our dining room. And with a hostel like dining room. Yes. Exactly. Then go eat outside. Yeah, exactly. All right. Wonderful. Well, we need to get to our next guest. He is a bus driver. And oh, he's been on the show before. He was on about a month ago. A very interesting guy. Please welcome back to the show, Charlie Berge, Solenberger.

Scott, thank you for having me back so soon. I appreciate it. My pleasure. It's so good to see you.

It's good to see you as well. I apologize if our last meeting was a bit contentious. It was.

I know that I was accused many times of getting quite heated and yet my voice remains the same.

The entire time. So I don't know how people are able to determine that I'm getting heated.

It wasn't necessarily the volume of your voice as much as the word choice that you were using.

This is again the terrible, species argument that was used the first time. See terrible and species. Those are two words that popped out. Well, it's just, it's just an argument like you are getting heated. I'm not getting heated. As you can see, the tone of my voice is not changed.

It's not nothing to do with the tone. I mean, if I were getting heated, I think the tone of my voice would change. And I think only a moron would say that I was getting heated if they were listening to the tone of voice. Again, using words like moron. Just a stupid idiot would accuse me of getting heated.

It's raising. I don't think that it is. You have been on this show for 60 seconds and already you're starting your shit. I'm not starting any shit. I think only a stupid person would accuse me of doing so because the tone of my voice has not changed. Fizzy, are you hearing this? This is what this is a problem I had with our guests last time. I mean, it doesn't sound like his voice tone is changing to me at all. Thank you very much. Why is no one on my side on this show? Please, please go back to reading your magazine. There is, there is no, there is no change in my voice. I am not getting heated. Is that a colloquialism? I don't know. Please go back to reading your magazine.

It is. It's a thing we say in the bus driving trade. Also, you are a bus driver. I'm no, I'm a bus pilot.

Okay, because last time you were on the show about a month ago and we found out that you considered yourself to be a pilot. I don't consider myself to be a pilot. I am a pilot. I have a class J license to prove it. I am a bus pilot. Hey Scott.

Sorry I'm right. Hey Scott, how's it going?

What? Uh, who are you? Uh, but a Scott, it's, but it's Berge.

Sorry I'm late. I just having trouble with the zoom. I'm sorry. Your name is also Berge. Yeah, I'm Berge, Solenberger.

I don't believe bang bang. Wait a minute. This is, this is crazy. My name is Berge, Solenberger. You're right. Yeah. Okay. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait, I'm sorry. Let me, let me unpack this for a second. I put out a request for my, my booking person to get Berge, Solenberger on the show because you were on a month ago, Berge. And here I am. Yes.

No, I was on in November. That. Yeah. I sort of remember that now. You were on a podcast in November with Mitra D'Rajari, Joe Kim booster and a, uh, tofer the boogie border.

Right. Yeah. I remember. I don't know why I didn't remember that when you were on the show a month ago, Berge, but your name is Berge, Solenberger and you are also the brother. Yes, my name is Berge, Solenberger. No, I'm talking to this Berge over here.

You are also the brother to sully, Solenberger. No, I'm the brother to. Okay. You know, I don't want to jump. I don't want to get any to anything here with these two, two people, but one of them sounds like a narc.

Which one? Which one? One of them does sound. Yeah. I would say like a narc. I would say the first one who was talking sounds like an absolute not. Yeah.

He's got a narc. I don't know why you would have. You got a narc. The tone of my voice has not changed the entire time. It's nothing to do with a tone of your voice. It's your word. And maybe it is the tone of your voice because that flat de-escalation voice that most cops use. That's the one you're using. Yes. Cops are very skilled at de-escalation. And they are constantly using those flat voices all the time. Video after video of cops calmly de-escalating a situation. Well, hold on. Hold on. Okay. Here's the situation.

I am now remembering that that Berge number two, the second Berge to come on, you were on the show November. November, November. And then I forgot that you were on. And then Berge number one, you were on about a month ago and I didn't remember the.

Berge. Berge. Berge. Berge. I didn't remember earth two Berge. I don't know why he would get earth two Berge and you would get Berge.

When you're the second one to appear. I mean, this is a lot like, I guess, the flash of earth one appearing after golden age flash and he's relegated to earth two. Anyway, we're getting in the weeds about this. But I want to discuss the speed force. Scott, I don't know what's going on here. This gentleman calls himself by my name. We don't look anything alike. He claims to be brother.

No, we look exactly the same. I think we could agree we do look exactly the same. So there's something going on. We cannot agree. I'm very tall. I mean, I don't know if you could tell look at me, but I'm probably about your height. I mean, we're in different rooms right now, but yeah, got the same chisel jaw. I don't. I don't know what you're seeing. I look, I look remarkably like my brother, Sally, Sally, my brother.

Look, you was telling the truth here. I know.

Look, you both claim to be the brother of of hero pilot, plane pilot, I guess I should distinguish. Sully, Solenberger who won a hero, not a hero who on that fateful day landed on the Hudson saving all those souls on one. Yes, he staged, he staged an accident. He threw a dead goose into a, into an engine and forced a water landing so he could look like a hero. He'd been planning it since we were kids.

I know what's happening here, Scott. I know exactly what's happening here.

Well, what's happening? Please explain to me because I have no clue.

Space time rift. It's a space time rift. Things have been a little odd for me the past few months.

I going to be honest, I tried to bring back some dead people with a time machine.

No, who? Let me ask you, the other Berge, were they souls that were lost on a bus?

You know, it was the 81 souls I lost when I drove a bus into the Hudson River while watching the movie, Sully. Oh, that's right. I forgot that about your first appearance.

Every bus driver knows that there is a risk of a rift in the space time continuum. We've all lost souls, but we must. And wait, every bus pilot has had someone die on board.

Every bus pilot has had, has had, would feel safe going on a bus anymore if that were the case.

Well, I'm sorry to tell you. Scott, you're rich. Please. I went on a subway back in March.

That's not a bus, Scott. It's a bus under the ground.

Subway is that's absolutely it's a train under the ground.

And I went to a subway sandwich shop. Are you? Probably in.

What are you talking about?

Talking about some ways.

Because Scott was looking for Jared. He was trying to get Jared's autograph.

Oh, yeah.

I forgot that you were a Jared.

I do see Scott. He always has a huge pair of pants in his trunk in case he runs into Jared.

That's right.

So he can see if it's the real Jared.

He holds the pants. He holds the pants. It's a dual purpose.

Well, okay. So you try you. You just hold on a second. Hold on a second, Scott. The tone of my voice has not changed. I want you to understand. And this is something that I'm sure other Berge can attest to and we'll figure out who we are. Every bus you've ridden on, someone has died on that bus. Wow. Haunted bus. Well, they're not haunted. It's just that people die on them.

So you don't think the souls who were lost stick around on these buses?

No, you're thinking of a ghost bus, which is much like the flying Dutchman. There is a ghost bus.

Who travels cross country?

Is that one that only appears at certain times of the monster?

That's exactly right. That's exact certain times of the month.

So bus pilots often say, well, it's that time of the month again.

So you went back in time, Berge of Earth 2. You went back in time to try to save those 81 people.

I tell well, I use my bus lorry in to try to time travel.

And I'm starting to realize based on some of the differences in this time that I'm in that I may not have traveled back in time, but into a new universe in trouble back in time. You maybe went sideways in time to an alternate dimension being this dimension. Who knows? I mean, obviously, I'm looking at the screens here and we've got the CEO of Applebee's would nice to see you. Oh, excuse me.

Well, fuck off. Well, this is one of the differences, I think on his earth, you're the CEO of Applebee's. No, no, absolutely not. I would not be the CEO of Applebee's the restaurant from the Kelly Rowland song. Oh my gosh. Okay. I don't like so wait on your earth. Kelly Rowland is more popular than Beyonce. Oh, yeah. I mean, we're all in the in the rowboat. Can I just say Kelly Rowland?

So we have every pronunciation in there.

Okay. Yeah. What about Kelly Rowland?

Is that a country universe universe? Rowland? Yeah.

Yes, it's a country of all it's where Britain sent other people who did not wear condoms.

Interesting. Interesting. So what are you? What you did there? Can I ask about some of the differences on your earth? I mean, obviously, we have a big celebrity busy Phillips. Does busy Phillips exist on your earth? No, we've got Fizzy Billups.

Who named Fizzy, the babysitter or her? There's a disagreement on her. Pick a weedy a page.

Pick a weedy. It seems like everything is just transposed. I don't know what happens over here. I'm just telling you what it's called in my time. Okay, it feels like the second Sally. He is selling Berg, Sorburg, Berge, Berge, so sort of, sort of, so to, so to, so to, it seems like he's a stroke.

That's for Sazy. He seems like he's actually going to go ahead and be having a stroke.

Of course, Sazy, the director of the oceans movies. So everything is just opposite.

I don't know what happens here. I don't know about opposite.

It seems parallel. Let me let me ask you something, Berge to in your in your universe, is Sully Sullenberger a hero?

Oh, well, yes, they made a movie about him called solely with tongue hangs, which is all in the episode. So is that what's happening here too? Yes, it did. He's very celebrated here in this universe. And I want people to know the truth about him that he is not in fact a hero, but a lie. He staged that the whole plane crash. He threw out the out the window. He rolled the window down in the cockpit and threw and threw a goose he got from a butcher shop into the engine.

Berge to in in your world. He is celebrated as a hero. They made a movie about him as well.

Yes, he's a hero. They made a movie. The Tom Hanks played him. Who is Tom Hanks on your world?

Tom Hanks is a famous celebrity who is very likable, but he's also a Greek citizen. So he can get away from the country if he ever gets discovered for his pedophilia. Same here. Same here.

So that hasn't changed for Mirth Earth. That's good to know.

I mean, it's just I guess in any universe Hollywood is just a massive pedophile ring. It's been going on forever. Everyone knows about it, but no one talks about it. I'd love for you guys to come by Red Lobster after to discuss.

Oh, okay. Yeah. Well, this is this is fascinating. I mean, to have someone who's traversed the multiverse here, I mean, have you gone to your home has I can't remember. Are you married?

Uh, no, no, no, neither of you married. So there was a question. Is there someone who thinks they're your spouse? Somebody who thinks that. So we remember. Excellent question. Is there someone?

I should ask that of all of our guests busy. Is there someone who thinks they're your spouse?

For sure. Yeah. I'm just because oftentimes people answer and you'd be trying to be duplicitous.

So that's a better way to ask the question I'd say. But what happened? What happened the first time you went back to your apartment? Because I can only imagine you're in this earth now. Maybe the key fits. Maybe a dozen. But I would imagine that someone else was living there, right? Oh, I went to my apartment here and it had been, uh, it was it seemed like a flop house of some sort. Uh, um, it was, uh, not to be mistaken for a trap house. Well, it was they were cooking. Um, they were cooking a dope in there. Not, not, okay. Um, so it's okay. And, uh, well, what's a trap house here? A flop house, flop house like in the song by, uh, trap house is a house that has a rat infestation until there's lots of, um, uh, red traps, yeah, red traps. Yeah.

Why are we talking about this? His vital, it's vital to determine. I just want to make sure I understand. I just want to make sure I understand, uh, where he's coming from. I'm sorry. Sorry to interrupt. Go ahead. I guess my, I can leave my leave. No, please don't go. Please don't go.

I'll take all of the busy. You please don't go. Berge one, Berge two, please don't go. I will not go. My tone of my voice has not changed. I guess, I guess what would have been interesting is if you, you went to what you thought was your home and this Berge Berge number, I don't know why we're calling you one since you were the second person on, but why Berge, you know, first person on today though, true. Okay. So Berge two, if you would have went home and Berge one was there and you're like, what are you doing here? What are you doing here? Well, here is a bit of the issue is I did, I, now that you mentioned it, I think I did see this Berge there. Uh, but you might not recognize me because in the time since I landed, I had a, I did a face off. Uh, a face off? Oh, no. Another thing that's doing those these days. Another thing that every bus pilot dreams about but should never do. Yeah. So you know, there's other people who have had face offs busy. I just feel like I've heard a lot about people getting face offs. Yeah. Last two weeks. Interesting. Who did you do a face off with? Uh, you're speaking to me. You're the only, you are the one who's, you are the one who's said you did a face off. No, I did a, I did a face. I was giving you a hint. I did one with Robert De Niro. You're speaking to me as okay. It was the hint I was going to do. I am lost. What happened?

Lost. Awesome. Let me ask you this. What is, what is the face off? Please. What do you switch faces with somebody because you suspect them of having, well, you know that they killed your child. Yeah, I saw, I saw this movie when I was four years old. Okay.

And you want to take their face off. Okay.

This. Okay. Interesting. Bizzy, if you could do a face off with anyone, who would it be?

Sully. Hey, it's Berge, by the way. I thought your name was Sully. No, it's no. Sully is the hero.

I know who Sully is, but I thought that you go by your last name. Sully. I thought you also went by Sully. No, no, that was why. Why is this confusing brothers have the same nickname?

Well, I mean, why would I don't have to say why do two people exist in the same time continuum?

The our books. Sully's brother. Bizzy, thank you for getting us back on track.

Berge to go back on track. Sorry. Before we get back on track, I just want to keep us off track for just a question. Yes. For extra beat if we could. That pissed on. No. Okay, Scott, I'll let you have it. So if people are doing face off, so people doing back offs, because mine is covered in acne. You just need a facial on your back. You need a facial.

A facial. Yeah. Is that what they comes on your back? Oh my god. No. Okay.

I mean, if you're only doing that one position, you might get it. That's one of my favorite filthy memes. We need to cut this part out. Okay. So I need a back facial. You need a back facial. You need a facial. Okay. Okay. All right. Thank you. All right.

I'm good to know. All right. So now we're back on track. Yeah. You, Berge won you out of question? I am concerned that both of us being in this timeline will have diary recussions for. Oh, it's definitely a diary. I also thought I, yeah. Yeah. I never say diary ever since I've traveled, I have had diary of percussion.

Okay. Maybe you're the vibrational frequency of this earth is playing havoc upon your stomach.

I don't know anyone who doesn't have IBS at this point. You know what I mean? So it's probably just that. It's probably. IBS see your IBS D the international brotherhood of Steve Adores.

Because I'm a union man. I'm a union man. I can't help it.

Think of other unions.

IBS IBS see, you know, IBS. What's the C stand for? I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Constipation, constipation. Oh, God. And I think it's probably the dairy.

Yeah. So yeah. But anyway, that's, that's, well, let's get back on track. Let's get back on track. Yeah. So so there, there, I mean, just you being here and the fact that both of you are meeting, I mean, that I would hate it if you were to ever, one theory is that if you were to ever touch, there would be an explosion which would kill the earth. I mean, oh, really? Yeah. Well, we don't want to do that, right? That we wouldn't want to do that. We know we well, I do want to say do we or don't we? I have always wondered, because I give the best massages. What if I gave my could give myself a massage? We've all fantasized about that. Berge to I've had that exact same thought. Wow. I've received the best massages. What would it be like if I could give myself a massage? Please don't do it guys. We don't want to be so glorious, though. It is one of my number. I know. I know if I like it's so tempting now that Scott has lifted the, he's flouted the quarantine restrictions. We're all in the same room together. Yes. It's it's all I can do to not go over there. Turn around. Does it have to be is what skin to skin would blow up the world? Could we do it through the t-shirt massage?

I think you could probably do it through the t-shirt.

Through through through the t-shirt.

Does it have to be skin to skin as what blows up the world?

Yeah, I think if it was through the t-shirt, just keep your clothes on, but give each other a massage. Let's see what happens there.

So a massage it's a massage second base. Let's see what happens there and see if the room is under the under the shirt over the t-shirt. That's second base.

That's massage second base. Oh, I call that a free throw in my world. Interesting. What do you call a home run on your world? A home run.

Let's see. So let's see. Free throw is sex. It's free throw is sex. Okay, never mind. Look, all right. Go ahead. Give give give yourself an over the t-shirt massage. Just don't touch your skin to his skin. And he let me let me untuck my bus pilot uniform shirt. Should we be here for this?

Probably. Yeah. I want to watch it. You guys who look exactly alike. I was actually here just in case. Could we at least put our ass on? Sure. Yeah. I guess if you have to. Oh, somebody stopped me. Nice mask. Okay. All right. All right. Go ahead, Doug. Commence with the massaging.

Oh, who's who's massaging who you're the one who wanted to massage him. You give the best massages and I received the best massages. So I think our roles are set. The tone of my voice has not changed. Of course not. Here we go. Okay. He's working his way down the shoulders.

See nothing's happening. Okay. So we're okay. Everybody's pretty good. Yeah. Okay. Does he.

You want to start to stay here and watch this? Yeah, sort of. Does Berge one, does he truly give the best massages? I mean, this is not bad. It's it's I would imagine Berge two would know exactly where all of the tension is. I've received I've received a lot of massages in my life.

You received the best ones. I'm great at it. And this is I feel like I'm at the top of my game receiving this massage. This is this is absolutely sensational. Nobody had I have never had someone receive a massage as well as this one correctly. Wow. So this is great. Okay. Nothing's wrong here. This is great. As long as you guys don't touch will be okay. So I do remiss if I didn't at least get a little bit of that neck right there. But don't please do not get the attention there.

At least wait until the end of the show. I've carried since childhood from resenting my brother.

Please don't please don't touch his neck with your if you're going to touch his neck, please put on massaging gloves. Yeah. One of my massaging gloves have the the fingertips cut out.

No, they're not Dickensian massaging gloves. Look, look, look, look. If you could just hold on this until the show is over because we have one final feature.

If that's okay. And that is a little something called plug.

Too much music. Oh, that was a plug bag heist theme by crummy scrimmage, which I believe that was audio from our Jason man Zuka's episode when we went on that heist. All right, guys, what are we plugging a busy? Obviously, we have the podcast you're branching out into the audio mediums. Yeah, the podcast, busy fellows, is really about you know, also my audio version of my book. Yes. Those are vibrations that you recorded a few years back. And we can finally hear the true story about who coined you with that name busy. Yeah, who coined you? I do love coins.

And of course, we can hear that story about getting story by credit on blades of glory.

Apparently, it's a big story long to go into on this program. It's just not the right vibe, Scott. Sure, of course. I think you'd be disappointed. I'll listen to the book and be the judge of that.

You should be. Get my email from your wife and then tell me what you think. I definitely will.

All right. And then we also have Tricia seawater. By the way, what a lovely name, seawater. Oh, thank you so much. Yeah, it's I imagine Clifford also seawater. Is that his name as well?

No, I would never take his last name. Oh, what's his last name? Oh, gosh, you really want to make me do this on it. I didn't know this was such a hot button topic, but you really want to make me do this. Yeah, please. Yeah. On air. Go ahead. His last. Oh, God. He's going to kill me for this.

His actual government last name is Gutter, but Clifford Gutter, but is this a dog? Because this sounds like a dog. Tricia, do you have anything you want to plug here? Any television shows that you like that may be coming back in a few weeks? I don't really watch TV. So there is TV. I'm too busy. I'm too busy with restaurants. Nights are busy mornings, afternoons as well. So I would probably plug there is a sketch comedy show Saturday Night Live. Oh, yeah, that's a that show that's mainly on Sunday mornings. That's on say, two thirds of it is on Sunday mornings.

It really should be called Sunday morning live if we're being real. That's it. If we're being real.

So I'd like to plug that one should be back on air at some point. I'd plug this is altruistic of me at this moment. This is very nice of you to plug a television show which you have are only a fan of. I don't watch television, but I'd also like to plug an Instagram or Twitter.

Just the websites. I think they're awesome. What are they just Twitter and Instagram? That's what you're plugging Instagram.com or you could get the app and Twitter.com or you could get the app.

Okay. Any specific user that you want to plug or just just big fan.

Why is this taking one million years?

I'm sorry. You know, great question. Never mind. I'm moving on. I'm moving on. All right, Berge. Berge one. Okay. I'm for you one. You want to plug anything? Which one's Berge one?

I'm not. I'm Berge. I would like to plug.

I would like to plug podcasts. You can also access them through the app.

Two specific podcasts. I thought we were starting at macro and then we were zooming in.

Starting global. You've been getting local. Yes. I'd like to plug Adam Curry, of course, first him. Then I'd like to plug podcasts. Then I'd like to plug two specific podcasts. The neighborhood listen, which I believe is on your network, Scott, your wolf. That's a wonderful show.

An independent podcast called Stay F. Holkins. They're both available wherever you get your podcasts. That's independent. So it's edgier. It's very edgy.

It's a mumblecore podcast.

You'll have to turn it all the way up. Are they produced by a 24? A 24 behind them?

Yes. Okay. Awesome. That's correct. All right. Berge two.

What do you want to plug?

If anybody has about a pound of plutonium, I could use that to get myself back to the future or my timeline. You're your own specific earth. Yeah. If anyone has some sort of like kingpin style device from into the spider verse, maybe that would help you traverse across the universes as well. Yes. Thank you very much. And scientists out there.

Yeah. Scientists, lunatics that.

Yeah. Loonatics with delusions of grandeur who want to say hardy to learn. Yes.

And I guess I'll plug Tim Cook. Right. And zooming in from him, Apple and Apple podcasts.

And through that, the podcast called You The Man Now Dog.

It's a conversation and probably podcast with the patreon, patreon.com.com slash you the man now dog. If you join it in September, you can get a free mask, which I don't know. That's cool.

We have a mask. They have a mask.

I said, um, but I'm like, you had more to really so that, you know, I think the big thing. I have to, I'm just guessing spitballing here. Maybe the arm was the spirit of Steve Jobs telling you, you kind of left him out there. Yeah. Well, I was going to plug Steve Jobs. Yeah. I want to believe I might not even have Steve Jobs on his on his yeah, he has Steve workplace, probably.

You know, we're used to have Steve workplace, but now we've got no.

We used to have Johnny money. Bob inspiration.

All right. I want to plug Steve Jobs and then America and then the iPhones and then debt piff.com. Okay. And then comedy, bang bang the podcast sound cloud. Yeah, sound cloud wrap.

Sound cloud.

Six nine.

To car sheet. No, we don't support snitches.

Okay. Snitches, snitches, get stitches.

And then I watch the between two firms movie. It's on Netflix. All right. Ted Sarandos, of course I should plug the end. All right. Let's close up the old plug bag.

Start with a C when you want to close it up. You lead with an L and then you.

Bring up the plug bag. Hold me up.

Hold me. Take your hand and open it up. Then he'll raise your car and then he just says.

Be known in all my life. Give me the perfect. Let's get it all out.

Oh, and up the plug bag. Oh, and then I'll back. Oh, but it enough. The plug bag. Oh, and then it should plug it up. Don't get no pain. The perfect. The perfect.

Everybody wants your whole thing.

The plug bag. Keep it fucking open up. Open it up.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much.

Busy. So great to have you on the show for the first time.

Thanks for having me.

Wonderful to see your closet. That's a lot of shoes and.

They're more upstairs.

More upstairs. Really. So you have an upstairs downstairs.

Are these the servant shoes downstairs?

These are the.

This is down to now. Yeah, these are the shoes that I'm current that are in season.

Right. Okay. And I want to thank you. Trisha sea water husband to Clifford.

But what was it? Why? Why? Clifford.

Gutter, but. See. Yes. Thank you so much for being on the show. Please come back.

Please come back. You know, Scott, I'll listen to you bagged.

I will. I'll have to come back.

I'll have to come back. I'll have to come back. I'll make time for you. Yeah.

And then Berge and Berge. You guys have been doing the massage, just keeping it clean.

You've been keeping it above the waist, above the t-shirt.

That's right, sunshine.

And so. You can complete the massage now before you get into any more trouble touching skin on skin.

We don't want that to happen. It's going to be hard. This is again, I can't say it enough.

The best receiving of a massage I've ever felt. But please massage. I've ever received.

Please don't do it. Please don't touch that neck. I know you're very tense on the net.

Your shoulders are riding up, Berge one. But please I have so much tension in my neck.

Please don't do it. The universe is at stake. Great massage.

Let me shake your hand for how well that. We did. No, no, no.

There.

No.

I'm going to go back to the next one.

I'm going to go back to the next slide.
