---
layout: page
title: 673. Eliza Skinner, Joe Wengert, Matt Apodaca [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-673-20200908-SkinnerWengertApodaca-ACv04-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ You can dip your dick in the batter, but be quick about it, and mom's making pizza bagels at three.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you to...

I wanna get this right.

HAMP, HAMPACS the morbid?

HAMPACS the morbid.

First time hearing from HAMPACS the morbid.

Always good to hear from a new catchphrase submission.

Some, some mid-or?

Perhaps.

Thank you to HAMPACS the morbid, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We are deep into September, and September 2020.

My name is Scott Ocherman.

I'm the host of the show.

Come here a little later.

We will have someone who works with animals.

So animal lovers, you are on notice.

If you are not an animal lover, you can still listen to the show.

If you know of animal lovers who are not currently listening, feel free to give them a ring, send them a text, slide into their DMs, but we will have an animal, a person who works with animals.

I don't know if they are an animal lover.

We will definitely find that out.

But before we get to them, this is a very special occasion because we have on a wonderful comedian who has just released her, I don't even know if it's a debut album or just a brand new album, but I will say it's the first time she's ever titled an album with this title.

And the title is regarding my lovers.

What an intriguing title.

We're certainly gonna ask at least one question about that title.

It's out now.

I don't even know if it's a compact disc or it's just ones and zeros that you can download, but please welcome to the show our old friend Eliza Skinner. Hello.

Hi.

Thank you for having me.

And yes, it is a little- Don't feel like you have to answer any of those questions that I raised.

We can take our time with it.

I refuse that.

Just settle into it and then we'll get to it and just- Hi, how are you?

Let's do the pleasant dreams first.

Hey, how are you, Scott?

Doing real good, doing real good.

I always- What I've loved about doing these shows during COVID is I get a glimpse into people's homes.

Yeah.

And it looks to me like from what I can tell, you have- You're the owner of a pillow.

You have something furry behind you.

So you may be one of those animal lovers I was talking about.

I am.

I was trying to wake up the animal behind me, but he is asleep.

Okay.

Well, what does he have to do?

Yeah, that's true.

He may enjoy it.

Exciting for- You also have a window.

I do.

What you may or may not be able to tell is that my window is covered in aluminum foil.

And it is not because I've come unhinged.

It's my attempt at keeping the sun from heating my house into a small oven.

I see.

And really, aluminum foil does that.

I had no idea.

Yeah, I had taped up some cardboard.

Just like make shift blackout curtains again to keep the sun out.

And it wasn't the cardboard was getting really hot.

And with the aluminum foil, it just bounces it right off.

So- Enough with the pleasantries.

Let's get back to those questions that I wanted to ask.

So is it a CD?

It is.

Is it your debut CD?

It is.

I haven't had a CD before.

Yeah.

Incredible.

What a momentous occasion in any young woman's life.

When they put out their first CD.

Yeah.

My parents said I got to pick where we ate dinner.

So it was really fun.

Now you are you how long have you been doing the art?

And it certainly is an art form and one of the highest art forms of stand up comedy.

Geez, like 45 50 years, something like that.

Incredible.

Yeah.

You were a contemporary of Joan Rivers and Ruth Buzzy.

And you finally put out your first CD.

Nobody mentions me in any of their interviews.

And that's OK.

I supported them.

Sure.

But yeah.

No, I guess I've been doing it like probably 10 years.

A little bit.

The 10 spot.

I did improv.

Yeah.

I did improv before I did.

You were an improv machine.

Perhaps you still do it.

I don't know.

Look, I'm going to confess.

I don't really know that much about your day to day activities.

Well, I don't plan my conversations before I have them.

So yeah, I would say I still improvise.

OK.

Yeah, I get that.

And regarding my lovers is the title and this sounds saucy, the sounds salacious.

Tell me everything about it.

Or is this basically like audio porn?

What are we going to be listening to?

It's actually it's comedy.

So it's mostly stand up.

Some songs.

But I'm seeing comedic porns.

Have you?

They're really funny.

See, I feel like either the comedy or the porn suffers.

So I just dug into the comedy side on this.

But it is largely about dating and relationships and love.

And so.

Incredible.

And how many tracks is this record?

15.

10 tracks of stand up and five tracks of songs.

Songs?

What?

OK, I had no idea about this.

This is I mean, we could have gone this whole interview and I never would have known about it.

I never would have brought this up.

This sounds unique and interesting.

Tell us all about this.

What are these songs?

Are these songs like your favorite songs like Huey Lewis and the News track?

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, it's just a mixtape at the end of it.

Where I'm like, hey, check out these tracks.

I like them.

They're original songs that I wrote and recorded some friends of mine.

And they're funny.

But I think they're also cool jams.

I really wanted to make songs that I thought were useful for people.

So there's a song that's yeah, like there's a song about like a concessions ad at a movie theater.

There's like, OK, so a movie theater could use this to play before their stuff.

Oh, well, yeah, I mean perfect timing as well.

Exactly.

You know, I had my finger on the pulse and I realized that that has a super spreader event.

Mm-hmm.

Well, there is a song called The World is Ending.

But I the one possibility of The World Ending that I didn't consider was disease.

Oh, that's the one you got to watch out from.

That's the one we none of us saw coming.

We were all too busy thinking about that nuclear football.

Yeah, you know, the glamorous ones.

Yeah.

And I realized that there hasn't been a new song for magic shows in a long time, like, you know, Abra Kadabra, every little thing she does is magic, that kind of stuff.

Do you think, OK, this is interesting.

So you think the police is every little thing she does is magic.

Is about a magic show?

I don't think it's about a magic show, but I think it's well suited to a magic show.

I think when a magician is choosing their tracks, that's the go for it.

They go for it.

I will give you that.

I just want to make it clear that I don't believe Sting Gordon Sumner.

I don't know if you knew that, but I don't know whether he necessarily wrote those lyrics about a woman performing a magic show.

If he had fallen in love with a female magician and was just like, she blows me away.

I got a write about her.

I got to perform a magic show.

I would love that.

Yes.

Yeah.

For days and days.

Maybe that's where he learned it.

Maybe that's what Tantric Sex is.

I mean, it is magical in its own way.

So it truly is.

So you wrote a song that can be used by a magician in order to dance around and show off the assistant.

The assistant's doing high kicks and he's clicking the rings together and stuff like that.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Like showing scarves off.

Listen to these songs.

We're just describing them.

No.

Well, if you get my album.

Boom.

No.

They're all on there.

No.

This is like.

What if you stream my album?

I don't think enough money goes to the artists with the streaming.

That's true.

I'd prefer it if you just gave me the album.

Look, we're in sloppy boys territory with this.

How much is this album?

Because I tell you that that sloppy boys record, that first one, I hovered over that click purchase button for so long and I looked at the total running time.

30 minutes for for 9.99.

I was just like, I just can't do it.

Okay.

But here, here, this is this one is 9.99 also, I believe possibly 8.99 depending on where you got it.

I don't know.

I'm not the business.

I'm the talent.

Sure.

But it's 56 minutes.

So that's like 26 more minutes.

This is not bad.

This is like a dull sloppy boys.

Yeah.

But your record is a much better value.

It has less songs because you have how many songs for?

Five songs.

I mean, the sloppy boys, they can only get up to like 10.

So you got five songs and then you got 10, you know, hilarious jokes.

Is it just one joke per track or?

No, it's a few jokes.

And a lot of them are hilarious.

So.

Okay. See, this is better.

So look, if you're out there, I know we have the sloppy boys on maybe a month or so ago.

Forget everything I said about downloading their record.

Just get a lysus.

Thank you.

Besides, do we need more boys in this boys club of comedy?

Exactly.

No.

Well, the sloppy women.

Yeah.

Well, you know, I mean, I'm trying to kick down doors and make a pathway for other sloppy, uh, skanky women.

Yeah.

Would you consider yourself to be sloppy or are you fastidious in nature?

Oh, no, I'm a huge mess.

Yeah.

I'm all over the place.

Okay.

Well, I mean, you do have aluminum foil all over your windows.

That's genius.

That's a genius.

No, right.

It keeps my neighbors away.

Incredible.

Well, Eliza, we, uh, it's called regarding my lovers.

And it's out there everywhere, uh, wherever comedy and music is sold.

Uh, I would imagine.

Before you do, you must take heed of my words today.

Oh, I like what?

Start ochrement.

What are your voice sounds very different?

No, that's not.

That wasn't me.

I thought that was you.

That was not me.

No.

It is I, Gracks, Eater of Worlds.

My name reverberates through the souls of every living thing in your universe.

I have always been and I always will be.

And I'm sorry.

I'm here to say I'm sorry.

Is it okay if I do so in the middle of the promotion of your album?

I think that's another thing you may have to apologize for, but I, I, I'm new to this.

And so I will make mistakes along the way.

But I ask that you be patient with me.

Eliza, I'm sorry.

I think someone zoom bombed us here.

Oh, it's okay.

I was, uh, kind of.

I did not zoom bomb you.

I have watched you always and I shall watch you always.

I am one with the universe and I have been here and I always will be here.

What did you say your name, Mr. Gracks?

Gracks.

Are you a sir? I do not have a gender.

I beg your pardon.

How, how shall I address you just as, as what did you say it was?

Gracks.

Please, please, uh, refer to me as Gracks or.

What are you pronouncing?

Gracks, the merciless.

I am all.

Okay.

I am all.

Okay.

I guess all is.

So if I were to say all slash everybody.

Yes.

So every.

Gracks, uh, did you say Gracks, the merciless?

Some called me that some call me.

Gracks, the decimator, world eater, eater of worlds.

World eater.

Well, you're not here to eat this world, are you?

I would not eat this world if you guys don't want me to.

What are you apologizing for?

I have consumed numerous worlds in order to exist.

I see.

So it is my substance.

Yes.

You're like a planet eater in a way.

Yes.

Yeah.

How many bites is a normal planet?

Ooh.

Depends.

Depends on, for am I alone?

You know, am I eating with other world eaters?

Oh, do you, do you eat on dates?

Is that the sort of situation?

Yeah, is it family night sometimes where everyone shares?

And you like take a, take a world eater out and get to know her or something?

It's been so long since I've been on a date.

Because I've been so focused on, no.

We have barely gotten to your, just your major details.

And now we're taking a sidetrack into your lonely?

Well, I don't know if it is a sidetrack.

I think it's like that might be the main track.

I'm so focused on the consumption of other worlds and realms, because I am lonely, ultimately very lonely and all alone.

So you are a cosmic being.

Where do you reside?

Somewhere in the universe?

I am everywhere.

You're everything everywhere.

Everywhere as far as you can conceptualize.

I have infinite hold over time and space.

I see.

So our tiny human brains, I don't know whether you're calling them that or maybe that's just my character.

I didn't say that.

Okay.

So we can barely conceive of your very existence.

Yes.

And you've consumed many worlds.

Anyone's that we would know?

I mean, we have the planets that we know.

Of course, there's Mars and Venus and Mercury.

Keep going.

And Saturn and just...

Okay.

I've heard this.

I've heard of Saturn.

I have heard of Saturn.

You've heard of Saturn?

It's got all these lovely rings on it.

Yes.

That's why the rings are known overall galaxies.

Are those like onion rings to you?

Oh, yes.

And the problem with the planet with rings is I cannot consume a single ring.

I must consume all rings.

Oh, yeah.

Once you pop, you can't stop.

What's the most famous planet that you've eaten?

Oh, probably can too.

Where was this located?

In the zero sector.

Oh, okay.

I mean, it depends on exactly what you consider the zero sector.

Is that an offensive name, the zero sector?

I've known it as the zero sector.

Well, you know it as one.

You know it as one.

It was zero heights before.

Zero heights.

Oh, yeah.

Gracked Eater of Worlds.

Do you have cancel culture where you're from?

Is it as big of a threat to society there?

I just...

I have so few interactions with other world leaders that I don't know if it is something that they are talking about.

But I'm not here.

I'm not worried about what other world leaders think.

I've just done some work on myself and now I've decided that I need to stop.

How many world leaders are there?

Because you're the only one that I've ever heard of.

I mean, I don't think Earth has ever been threatened to be eaten by anyone as far as I know.

You're very lucky then.

It feels like you couldn't possibly sustain a ton of world leaders, right?

I mean, there's only so many worlds.

Well, well, I mean, how many dimensions are there?

I know there must be another dimension.

Another dimension?

Another dimension.

I mean, is this dimensional or is this other galaxies?

How many worlds have you actually eaten?

Oh, I mean, to go through it would take the rest of what in your time would be a long amount of time.

But for me, it would be...

Like 45 minutes?

At least.

That's too much.

For you, who cares about 45 minutes?

Because you've been alive for eons.

Yes.

For me, this is already over and it has not yet begun.

It feels kind of like that for me as well.

So you've eaten a lot of planets, that's safe to say.

I mean, a 45 minute long list.

That would be way too many for us to listen to.

Could we circle back if you are familiar with Canto?

Do you... Are you an emissary of Canto or do you know any of the...

Maybe there were some refugees that were able to escape before I had finished eating it?

Can two eons? Is that what we would call them?

Cantoon?

I mean, we call Earth people Earthlings, which, you know, lings is hardly ever added to the end of a word.

Earthlings is the only one that I can really think of.

I didn't spend time there because I devoured it, but I call them Cantudi-Patoodies, but I don't know if that's what they call themselves.

That's so cute.

I mean, did they enjoy that right before you ate them all?

That must have made it hard.

No, it made it more fun for me because I just felt like I was having a light snack and not absorbing the souls of an entire world.

So you absorb their souls?

Yes.

Okay, so that's part of it.

So it's not just...

I transformed them into energy and I'm not just eating them for just for no just to be me.

No, I eat them.

I eat them.

I know, but I mean, I guess what I'm trying to say is there's a difference between just, you know, killing someone or something and literally transforming their souls into energy, thereby diverting their souls from going to their final resting places, because their final resting place is now your stomach.

Yes, well, I don't think it's a bad place to be necessarily.

So like, if you were to eat us, we would not go to heaven or hell.

We would be just kicking around in your tum-tum?

You'd be transformed into energy and then you would go with me on my many adventures.

That does it.

That sounds great.

Oh, you have adventures also?

Okay, I don't want to oversell the idea of...

No, I mean...

Because I don't feel weird when I talk about myself, but I do a lot of...

Floating through space, putting gods in prisons.

Putting gods in prison.

Yes.

Well, what kind of gods?

Like the god...

Do you know the god who created us?

Jesus Christ?

Have you ever heard of him?

And have some literature for you?

I know him.

I missed him.

You know him?

Like, you know him?

No, him?

Yes, he was alive for such a short amount of time.

I didn't get to really...

That was the 45 minutes with him.

Do anything with him.

Of BC.

Yes, I had a dentist appointment during the 33 Earth years of Christ's life.

Well, I just...

I gotta be honest, I kind of was assuming that you were some sort of gaseous or theoretical being.

And now it's really sounding like you are physical.

You got teeth, you have a stomach.

You're just a real big dude.

Yeah, do you have a small intestine?

Do you have a large intestine?

I have both.

Do you have an anus?

What do you...

Are you furry?

Do you have...

Are you fuzzy?

Do you...

Are you fuzzy?

I...

To you, I would appear to be made of wood.

Oh, okay.

And a lot of humans I've interacted with before are disappointed because I'm just big and I'm made of wood.

So like a pre-human Pinocchio?

I don't know who Pinocchio is.

No, I know Pinocchio, yeah.

You know Pinocchio and Jesus?

Pinocchio is a story that exists beyond realms.

Really?

Whoa!

Every galaxy I've encountered has their own version of Pinocchio, but a different body part grows, depending on where you are.

Are they all named Pinocchio?

It's always Pinocchio.

Oh, okay.

Italy and Italian culture exists in every galaxy.

Really so spaghetti, fettuccine.

Spaghetti, meatballs, yes.

Cool.

Spaghetti, meatballs, etc.

I clearly know a lot about Italian culture.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, there's a pran as, right?

So you have everything that a male body has.

Do you have a penis?

You said you have an anus.

Do you have a...

Women have anuses too.

Sure, sure.

Okay.

So I guess my question is, it's been so long since you've had a date.

Do you have sexual organs that you could mate with another being such as yourself?

Well, have you ever seen a small, one of the smaller cans of ginger ale?

Well, let me think of all the cans of ginger ale I've seen.

There's the standard 12 ounce.

Because I've said this to humans before.

I've said that my penis resembles a Coke can, but I must again apologize and correct.

It is not a standard soda can.

It's one of the smaller ones.

So everyone gets really excited when the hero penis like a Coke can.

And then, but it's one of the small ones.

Yes.

Mini, mini can.

So you...

What was the last person you dated?

Was it a person or a galactic being such as...

The last person I dated was Kairos the overseer.

Kairos is watching all at all times to make sure the order of the universe remains intact.

And so we interacted.

Quite frequently.

And then eventually I asked Kairos if they wouldn't have to devour a world with me.

And they said, I don't really do that, but I'll go with you when you go to devour a world.

And I thought it was good.

I enjoyed having company during this time.

And I tried to then engage with Kairos again, but they seemed not interested in either watching me devour another world or joining me.

And I mean, I feel so bad Eliza for interrupting the promotion of your album.

No, this is fascinating.

If you have any advice or if Scott Ockerman has any advice.

I'm wondering, did you ask, is Kairos, was the name?

Yes, Kairos the overseer.

Kairos the overseer, which, I mean, the name alone, I'm going to guess maybe a little bit of control issues.

But it sounds like Kairos was willing to do the stuff that you like doing.

Did you ask Kairos what Kairos likes doing?

And maybe do that on a date?

I have made a great mistake.

Oh, maybe you could go over see something with her.

Yeah.

What if you oversaw some things together, you know, or like.

Floating stoically in space and watching all time and full time.

I just don't know if I see myself doing that long term.

Yeah.

So you want someone to come to your level, but you're not willing to meet them at their level.

That's not true, Scott Ockerman.

Please don't eat me.

I will devour you.

Please don't devour me.

Wait, did you devour Kairos after she turned you down?

No, is no.

You're so lying right now.

Yeah.

I know.

I will say, I know it sounded like the way I said no.

It sounded like I was like, I was just your son.

But I'm just very defensive.

I'm not used to being on my heels and told that I'm doing things wrong.

And so.

Well, that's part of the year.

You're apologizing right now to to us, even though you haven't eaten us.

Are you hoping the message goes out to the people?

I mean, it it sounds like everyone that you should be apologizing to is inside your body right now and unable to hear these words.

Oh.

Yeah, it sounds like the person that needs the messages inside you.

Literally.

In your anus, in your lower intestine.

Why?

Why are you so focused on my anus?

Yeah, it is.

What do you need one for?

If he's going to eat, if they're going to eat, what are you shitting out people?

I would say that on average, 85% of all beings in all known universes have an anus.

So do I need an anus?

No, but if I'm going to present myself to a being, I want to make them comfortable.

So I present four minutes to them within the first two minutes.

I say, I just like you.

I love them in a sense into a sense of security.

And then usually I begin pulverizing their world into a nutritious, cosmic slurry for myself.

But are you done with eating worlds now?

What I'm trying, no, unfortunately I can't be.

I'm trying to make the world last longer.

So I'm drinking more water so that I'm less hungry.

That's all it takes is just water?

Yes, if I drink.

Does it kind of make the world expand inside you?

Yes, and then I'm less hungry.

I and don't.

Please don't take your big giant galactic straw and drink out of our oceans.

No.

We need these.

I brought my own water today.

Okay, well look, Gracks, we need to take a break here.

Do you want to stick around?

Because look, we have another guest who...

I have no option.

Works with animals and perhaps he needs an apology from you.

Don't know whether he's ever come across you, but you can stick around here through the break and come out on the other side.

Stick around, I shall.

I've noticed that you only occasionally use that sort of sentence structure.

Like once when you were introduced in once right now.

Is that unusual for you?

I did.

Do not defy me, Scott Ockermann.

Please don't even be these.

Any incongruous behaviors.

Okay, I'm sorry.

Or I will consume you in your world.

No, I mean just consume me if you're going to do that.

Is it too...

I'm sorry.

No, I'm sorry.

That was very aggressive.

I am in a place of discomfort.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we will have a person who works with animals.

That's very exciting.

We'll also have Eliza Skinner who has an animal right behind her.

And we'll have more from Grax Eater of Worlds.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here.

We have Eliza Skinner.

Regarding my lovers is the CD 15 tracks from what I'm told.

Five of which are music, 10 are comedy.

That's not confusing at all.

Probably when you're listening to it.

As a listening experience.

Is it one of these things where at the end of the comedy part, you give instructions to people and say, okay, now the stand up is done and now we're going to listen to music.

Yes, yeah, I go, forget about it.

Forget about the stand up.

Forget about it.

That's over.

Don't even think about it anymore.

Now turn to the page in the accompanying book that has the music instructions.

We also have Grax Eater of Worlds who is on some sort of, I guess you're on an apology tour?

Is that what you're doing?

Are you going to every planet in apologizing?

Yes.

How's that been doing?

It's a lot.

But it's, you know, I feel like it'll be worth doing in the end.

I've noticed that you tend to answer questions like you're under oath.

You know, with the most minimal, I say, have you been doing something and you just say yes.

It's so...

And then it's a follow up of like, okay, well, what?

It's because time works so differently for me.

So I just want to try and explain things in a way that will be understandable to you.

I understand why you're saying yes.

I got to say to me, it's coming across like you don't think we'll be able to understand what you're saying if you don't come and dumb it down for us.

Oh, really?

Oh, I don't want to come across that way.

Oh man, this is the old Grax.

And I am trying to do better than this.

Sounds to me like you're Grax-splaining.

Really?

Yeah.

Okay.

You're assuming that we don't have experience with Grax and you don't know that about us.

I did not realize that you felt this way and I am sorry that you felt this way.

You're getting your shoulders, those wooden shoulders are rising up.

You're getting very defensive.

You're getting like a sea.

I hear what you're saying and I am going to accept this.

I am so hungry.

I am hungry.

Okay.

I do.

It's hard for me to just drink oceans of water and not eat a world.

I'm in a new world.

It smells good here and I just...

This is like that.

We have this Snickers commercial here on Earth.

I am familiar.

Oh, the Danny DeVito one?

Yes.

I am a real Danny DeVito right now.

What's your favorite Danny DeVito project if I could ask?

One flew over the Kookoo's nest.

It's good, right?

Yes.

No Batman returns, but yeah.

Even for someone like me who has existed for all time, Danny DeVito has had a long career.

In a way where I look at it and go, wow, this guy just keeps making quality stuff.

And he's so interesting, but he really found his niche and he has...

You can tell that he's classically trained.

I've heard he's great to work with.

Well, I would say remember that when you are considering eating our plants.

He's here on Earth.

So, you know, Danny DeVito projects will come to an end if you eat this world.

It would be very simple for me to safely place Danny DeVito into Zenfina God prison.

Yes, or in my anus.

Those are two places.

If I want to eat a world but preserve one being on the world, I put them in my anus or on Zenfina the God.

Wow.

Yeah.

Now I see that Scott was really onto something with all the anus questions.

That sounds like where the action is.

I didn't mean it, you know, like that.

But yeah.

Is it exit only?

No, certainly not.

Okay, you're taking stuff up there.

Yes.

Okay, great.

All right.

Well, hello.

By the way, that's another one of your...

Clearly I have taken countless beings up my anus to...

Single word.

Take them from the strike.

Do they stay up there forever or do you safely place them?

Yes, for them it will feel like forever.

Wow.

Many of them perish before I can get them, which is why I'm not still not wanting to destroy your world because Danny DeVito seems strong, but I don't know why.

They can survive.

They'll be able to survive eons inside my anus.

Chocolatey walls of your anus.

Why would you assume it's milk chocolatey?

I don't know.

But look, so many questions about your anus, which is another one that you could eat instead of earth.

But we do have to get to our next guest.

And he is the person who works with animals.

Do you...

Have you ever come across an animal, Gracks?

Of course, yes.

Yes.

Do they have souls and are those souls transferred into energy?

Yes.

Dogs have souls and cats do not.

Okay, that's a lot.

Those are the two animals I have interacted with.

No parrots?

I know the parrot from the box of cereal, where he smells no, that's a toucan.

That's a toucan, Sam.

Yeah.

And we all know that three toucans make a six-pack.

Yes.

From t-shirts.

That's an old jungle cruise joke that I picked up along the way.

Look, we do have to get to our next guest.

He works with animals.

I'm not quite sure exactly how, but please welcome to the show Jefferson Milky Way.

Scott, thanks for having me.

Hello.

Hello, everyone.

Yes.

Hello.

That's what you say when you address everyone.

Sure.

You say hello, everyone.

And Gracks is everyone.

That's true.

That's who I was actually speaking to Gracks.

I assumed he was speaking only to me.

That's right.

Jefferson Milky Way, what an interesting name.

First of all, Milky Way.

That's a lot like the universes that Gracks has traversed.

Does your name...

Sir, what's that?

I just was going to ask if your name indicated that you were the owner and or proprietor of the galaxy.

And then I was going to ask you if I could...

Well, go ahead.

...eat that specific galaxy.

Why?

I just got here.

I don't want to immediately start asking the man.

Milky Way is the galaxy that we're in.

And so if you were to eat it, then you would be eating us and Danny DeVito.

And hey, remember the thing with the overseer?

Interested in what he's interested in.

Yes.

Not just your world eating.

I can't...

As much as I'd like to sign over the Milky Way for your consumption, it's not mine to give away eyes.

I am not the proprietor.

So I understand.

How did you get your name, Milky Way?

Because normally names are sort of the jobs that our descendants had.

You know, so Skinner, I would imagine, Eliza, your descendants...

Or not your descendants, but your ancestors?

Yeah, your ancestors.

They...

Barbaric killers, yes.

Yeah, exactly.

And Gracks Eater of Worlds, you probably come from a long line of Eaters of Worlds.

My ancestors...

So I've always worked...

My family has always worked with the animals.

They specifically worked with cows back in the day.

And as you know, they produce milk.

You know, milk in them.

You squirt out that milk from those others.

Sure.

Yeah.

That's it.

That's just the real answer.

So they had nothing to do with the upkeep of the animals.

They didn't house them.

They didn't take care of them.

They purely came over to people's houses, milked them, and then went on to a different house.

Yeah, and they would travel from far.

They wasn't like a very close thing they could do.

So they were losing money on this by just traveling to the milk, to where the milk is stored, those others, and just kind of squirt in them out.

Them's others.

Yeah, those others.

Yeah, of course.

So is that what you do?

You work with animals by squirting that milky, milky stuff out of those sweet, sweet teats?

Well, Scott, you know, it's funny that you say that, because I don't work with cows anymore.

I did.

It is a point of contention within my family.

I sort of left the family business behind.

No.

Yes.

Yes, Scott.

Do you have siblings?

Are they still milking those others?

They're still milking.

They're still out there.

Just, you know, tugging and collecting.

I sort of went a different way, but it kept my last name.

Because...

Sure. Well, if one does a different job, than the one their parents want them to do, they don't change their last name.

So I can understand.

But what job is it that you actually do?

I designed the courses for the Westminster Kennel Club dog shows.

So all the little obstacle courses that you see the dogs running around, I designed those.

Really?

So like the little tubes that they are, I guess they're not tubes.

The sticks, the, you know, the sticks that they run in between, the sort of...

The teeter-totter.

The teeter-totter, yeah, that's mine.

I also...

You created the teeter-totter.

I perfected the teeter-totter, and I applied it to dog.

Normally, teeter-totters, before you were all for humans.

Yeah, and this, the way I designed it, I said, dog, you run up it, and then you politely walk down it.

Oh, okay.

So these are designed for a run-up and a walk-down.

A polite walk-down.

A polite walk-down, a jaunt, but that's as much as it can handle.

Oh.

If they were to run down it, would it explode?

Do not run down the teeter-totter.

That's what I tell all the dog owners.

Do they ever get confused and think they're talking...

You're talking to them and not about their dogs?

Well, in my business, I find that it is important to address everyone, how you would want to be addressed.

And so I am constantly clicking.

I do a little click to get everyone's attention.

Like, well, some of that.

Okay, you're doing it right now, and my eyebrows raised, and I was like, what's this guy saying?

Notice I'm holding a treat, too.

You're probably salivating.

Exactly.

So I tend to do that just to get everybody on the same...

Nobody's better than anybody.

Okay, the dogs aren't better than the people who are better than the dogs.

You're going to give me the treat?

Yeah, I want the treat.

Wait, why I want the treat?

What must I do to receive the treat?

Can we the treat?

I don't know that you're going to be interested in this treat.

Gracks.

It's not, you know, it's not Pluto, or it's not planet-sized.

I don't even know if it would even register on your tongue.

Yeah, it would be like a little flake of fish food.

While they're talking, can you just give me the treat?

Can I just have the treat?

I'd really love the treat.

You've been good, so you can have treat.

There's treat for you, Scott.

You're going to need to work a little harder for treat.

Okay, what do I need to just shake your hand?

That's a...

Scott, now you're being a good boy.

Now you can have a treat.

Thank you, thank you.

Thank you, Jefferson.

You're quite welcome.

And Gracks, I had a bigger treat to give you.

Yes, that is what I desire.

Yes, I don't have to plan a size treat.

What about a moon?

Maybe you could give him a moon.

I would kill for a moon.

Okay, Jefferson, Jefferson, is this a date?

Are you an eye on a date?

Gracks, we are not on a date.

But I...

Then give me all of the treats.

If we are not on a date, then I am no longer interested in your interests.

Give me the treats.

Okay, well, I was sort of flattered by the ask.

I...

It's been a while.

I have not seen it.

Thank you.

And I have not seen anybody in quite a while.

If you were asking me out on a date, I would perhaps go with you on a date.

Yeah, which way do you swing?

Do you prefer men or women or everybody?

Everyone.

Because Gracks is everyone.

I'm taking all comers.

Yeah, quite literally.

Quite honestly, I've always wanted to have sex with everyone.

And so...

Yeah, that would be so cool.

That sounds exhausting.

I guess.

I mean, what is it like copulating with you, Gracks?

Don't assume that I will be copulating with Jefferson.

This is merely a first date.

Okay, how long does it usually take you?

Three dates?

For me, three and a half yachts.

Whoa, I thought you were going to say three and a half dates.

I was going to say, what happens in the middle of that date?

Suddenly you're fucking dead.

But I see it takes a long time.

Yeah, I don't think that Jefferson has three and a half eons to wait for this.

I understand.

Jefferson, tell us about your process.

How did you get interested in creating these obstacle courses?

Well, I see these dogs.

I see you see a dog.

Usually standing on four legs saying arth.

Yeah, they walk on four legs, not on two.

To walk on two legs breaks the law.

Or to walk on four legs breaks the law.

I'm not trying to incriminate anybody as far as how they're walking style.

These are all island of Dr. Moreau rules.

Oh, yes, that tricky island.

Sure.

Oh, wait, you think the island is tricky.

Yeah, I feel like it's more of the doctor.

Yeah, I think the doctor would have been tricky no matter where he was.

He was just kind of holed up on that island away from prying eyes.

Most readers tend to tend to think of the doctor as the tricky one, but that island is not innocent in the island.

So it's like the island in Lost then where it has magical properties?

Exactly.

The island is special.

And the island has a reason for that tricky Dr. Moreau for being the way he is.

What about an island, Gracks?

Would you eat an island?

Would that be sort of a snack?

Is that like an appetizer?

No, an island.

There's usually a small bowl of islands at the beginning of a restaurant.

Or at the end of a planetary restaurant.

Sometimes there will be complimentary islands awaiting you at the gas station.

So it's the gas station.

Wait, so you guys...

Why did you just say that?

It's not gas station.

I'm... I'm flustered.

I'm sorry.

Why are you so flustered?

You really like Jefferson.

I just...

Gracks, it's okay.

You could just be yourself.

I'm giving you permission to sort of be yourself here, okay?

I just am interested in you and your treats and I want to...

I just feel different around you.

I don't know.

Okay, well I'm sorry.

I don't want you to think that I have an island to promise you.

I just, you know, we're getting to know each other.

Maybe someday I could get you an island.

I'd love to give you an island.

For now, Jefferson, that is good enough.

Okay.

Jefferson, Gracks was telling us something about dogs and cats and which ones have souls.

Well, that's why I primarily deal in dogs, because I cannot get a cat to do any of the things that I want an animal to do.

For example, so like I, when I design these courses, I designed them to scale to my size.

And I run...

I run...

How tall are you?

I'm a 5'6", I'm not a big guy.

Oh, okay.

But so you short king even.

So we stand a short king.

So you design them a little bigger than we see them on TV, so for you to run through.

Yeah, so just so I know that the dog can do it, because if I can do it, a dog can do it.

So I'm running around through the sticks.

I'm going up to Teeter totter, politely walking down...

Sure, sure.

...gracefully.

I'm doing the incline.

I'm letting them balance a treat on my nose and showing all the restraint I have in the world to not just snack on it.

But is this a larger treat, because you're a larger than a dog?

So is this like...

Yeah, it's a baconator from Wendy's.

You can balance that on your nose?

That's the trick.

Wow.

That's a good trick.

I have a song for you, by the way, if this is sort of magic.

You have a song for me?

I guess you weren't listening to the first segment.

But...

From my album.

Oh, yes.

Yes, yes, yes.

So you were listening.

You were just zoning out?

Yeah, you know, I got so much out of my mind.

I'm thinking, oh my god, this being is so hunky to me.

How do I impress this being?

I cannot believe that we are making a love connection between a world eater and a human being who has not changed his name, despite his parents pleased to.

Are you guys familiar with the 36 questions?

I've heard of the 36 24 36.

If you find two.

A brick house.

No, yeah, it was this...

These list of questions that people, when they start dating, can ask each other to create love between one another.

What are these questions?

Because if you have them, I'd love for these two to ask each other these.

I remember some of them up.

There's like, do you want to be famous?

You do?

Jefferson, you want to be famous?

It is my greatest wish to be famous.

Why?

You'd rather be rich.

You'd rather be rich than famous.

Fame?

Well, it comes with a lot of baggage.

Yeah, you get free bags when you're famous.

Oh, that's true.

Okay, well, that's to put the money that comes with fame, right?

They don't go hanging in there.

Money does not always come with fame.

I mean, look at Todd Bridges and...

You can be famously poor.

And why should you be famous?

You're just quite honestly, we get a lot of a guess on this show.

Entrepreneurs.

A lot of entrepreneurs, but occasionally we get famous people.

Last week we had busy Phillips on, and that's about as famous as we get these days for Comedy Bang Bang.

But she's famous because she's an actress and a lot of people have watched her stuff.

Why should you be famous?

You're just a guy who designs dog things, and then mini-tearizes them.

Well, in some ways, you would think that I would actually flip that.

I would design things that people can do, and then I make them for dogs.

Okay, still I'm not getting why you should be famous.

It's, you know, every...

There's that guy, okay, there's a guy.

Reframe the conversation for us.

There's a guy.

Okay.

There's a guy who is my nemesis, and I hate that I'm even talking about him, and he's famous, and I just want to be more famous than him.

Who's this guy?

His name is Jackson Galaxy.

Jackson Galaxy.

I don't know that I've ever heard of Jackson Galaxy.

You've never heard of Jackson Galaxy.

He's like a famous- He's just a famous galaxy?

No, he doesn't...

I am familiar with Jackson Galaxy.

So you're familiar with Jackson?

How do you know Jackson Galaxy?

I know all.

Oh, okay, so really, you're familiar with anyone.

So it's not a brag.

You didn't use to date.

Yeah, that's what it sounded like.

Jackson, right?

Yes, I have been on a date with Jackson Galaxy.

Where did you go?

We went to a museum.

What kind?

He took me to a museum on Earth.

But like art or natural history or science?

It was a museum where you could take pictures.

Oh, those aren't real museums.

This was a museum of a Earth television program called Saved by the Bell.

Oh, you could take your pictures.

You could take your pictures.

Did you take pictures there?

Do you have pictures?

I did.

Yes.

It's hard to see me in the picture, but I am there.

You're a good thing.

And you're wooden as well.

And I am wooden, yes.

You're, I mean, I would imagine that you sort of have powers like, what was his name, Zack Morris?

Where he stopped time?

I mean, you're doing that all the time, I would imagine.

I have the ability to, yes.

And I have the ability to stop time and put beings into funny positions and then resume time and then...

Is that what he did on that show?

I've never, I've seen one episode because I was on my talk.

He would stop time and speak directly to the audience.

Sure.

To the audience or to the cameras and just the audience was able to watch him because he was talking to the cameras.

Yes, I would say to the cameras because it was not filmed in front of a live studio.

I really want to drill down on this.

He wasn't talking to the audience.

He was talking to the cameras.

Do you think that...

The audience listening was just a byproduct of this.

Oh, was it filmed in front of a live studio audience?

I don't know.

Because sometimes when somebody would come in, definitely they'd be like, woo, or if someone kissed, they'd be like, woo, you know?

Or a sad moment.

Aww.

Yeah, that too.

So I don't know if that was a real audience or what.

So you think he was talking to...

Why wasn't he looking at the audience if he was talking to them?

He was looking at the cameras.

Well, he wants to reach the greatest perception of the audience possible.

And by looking into the camera, he will be able to reach the most interesting theory.

Yes, a lot of them.

I have a question.

So when Jackson Galaxy took you to the Saved by the Bell Gallery installation museum, sure.

Okay.

Was that because Saved by the Bell is something you're interested in or something that Jackson is interested in?

It is because it was my idea.

Okay.

And I asked him to do it, and he said he would go with me, but he didn't really see that into it.

Hmm.

Did you...

Oh, man.

I hate to harp on this, but did you do anything with Jackson Galaxy that he likes to do?

Yeah, sounds like he's interested in cats.

Did you do cats?

He works with cats.

Is that right?

Yeah, he trains sort of like cats from hell, and he trains them to sort of stop their bad behaviors, like spraying and scratching.

Okay, so this is from a long type person but for cats.

Well, yeah, with cats driving a guitar case, right?

Yeah.

Yeah, he's sort of like, yeah, sort of he's got like a rock personality, and he's got weird clothes and...

So, yeah, I mean, maybe you could have taken Jackson to the movie cats or something like that.

But we're not trying to give you tips to date Jackson better.

I was...

I'm insecure about that if I'm being frank.

I'm glad to hear you had a bad date with Jackson because we could have a great date.

Yeah, I don't know that you would have a great date with with Gracks here.

I see.

Because Gracks, it seems like, is only interested in himself or everything self.

And, you know, is...

Like, what are your interests outside of dogs?

Well, you know, I like playing competitive ping pong.

Competitive?

Yeah.

Isn't all ping pong competitive?

I mean, you keep score.

Yeah, but I guess what I mean is I'm sort of like nationally ranked.

Really?

Yeah.

What's your rank?

What's your number?

Out of everybody that plays it professionally?

I've been making the top 300.

300?

Wow.

Yeah.

How many points you score?

In my lifetime of playing?

No, just per game.

Per game?

45.

Wait, what did you keep?

I thought the game was over after you scored 20 or so, 21.

Well, that's when they're begging.

They're begging.

Please stop.

And I just keep working that ping pong ball back and forth.

Wow, amazing.

So maybe, Gracks, you could go to one of Jefferson's matches.

I will not.

What?

Is that wrong?

Should I not accept?

Oh, I will try to endure your ping pong match.

Really?

Have you ever watched a ping pong match?

I...

Yes, I have.

It's a little white ball that looks like a planet, so you might be interested.

Oh.

But don't eat it because we need that down there.

Yeah, it's bouncing around a lot like a planet in orbit does.

Yes.

Just shooting throughout the galaxy.

So maybe you would be interested in that.

I try to consume ping pong matches not devour them, but just consume them as entertainment and...

Sometimes the yelling and grunting that the ping pong players make me uncomfortable.

Are you thinking of tennis?

Oh, no, I am thinking of tennis.

For me, the scale of ping pong and tennis are so close, because I am so infinitely large.

It looks that same.

Okay, so I...

Jefferson, do you make noise while you play?

Or are you like the silent killer?

Cholesterol.

I'm making it very clear that I'm working as hard as I can.

Just with the...

Yeah, I don't know, Gracks, that might be a turn off for you.

Yes, it is.

Do not let Jefferson know.

You just hear...

I did hear it.

You just hear it all.

You're hearing everything you're saying.

Oh, I...

I'm unclear on what you can understand from me and not.

And I'm not saying that in a condescending way.

Yeah, Gracksplaining again.

Yes.

I don't know.

This...

Look, we need to take another break if that's okay.

Jefferson, when we come back, if you have more to talk about your subject, I certainly want to hear it because we barely covered it.

You may not have brought anything else, but I definitely...

There, we can...

Let's get down to the nitty gritty.

I got time, baby.

You want me to get down to the nitty grit?

The nitty grit, baby.

All right, great.

I'm game.

All right, we will come back.

We'll have more Jefferson Milky Way, more Gracks Eater of Worlds, and more Eliza Skinner.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

We have Eliza Skinner regarding my lovers.

Is in stores now.

You could also stream it, I guess, but that doesn't give all that much money to the artists.

So, you know, buy it instead, or just befriend Eliza like I did, and have her send it to you.

Like she's going to with me, I'm sure.

Sure, sure.

And unlike the Slappy Boys.

And we also have Gracks Eater of Worlds, who...

What have you been...

It looks like you've been munching on something during the break.

I had...

Okay.

I had a...

Just a little bit of some of the stars above your world.

Oh no, nothing north star.

We used that to get around.

Is that an important one?

I guess it's...

I said I'm just going to have this one big one, and then I'm not touching it.

No, we're going to be lost forever.

Oh, I figured it would be better than me eating, because if I take the smaller ones, I just start and I can't stop.

Have some asteroids if you're going to have anything, because they're always threatening to crash into Earth, and turn us into, you know, essentially make us extinct like the dinosaurs.

I am allergic to asteroids.

Oh no!

Yes, it's very annoying.

I must make it very clear whenever I order space soup, that none of the other ingredients have come in contact with asteroids.

So do you have everything that we have here on Earth, but you just put the word space in front of it?

No!

Sound a little defensive.

All right, we also have Jefferson Milky Way.

And he is the course designer for the Westminster Kennel.

Am I saying this right?

Yeah, the Westminster Kennel Dog Show.

Dog Show, yeah.

And so do you get to go to the Dog Show, or does your work end once you make these things, and they don't need to give you tickets?

Yeah, well, I'm given, I'm afforded the opportunity to go, and it is because I go...

I mean, they give you the opportunity to buy tickets once they're on sale?

Well, I do sort of...

I get a pre-sale code and a discount.

And a fact.

How much is that?

How fat is that discount?

Like 5%.

Oh, I don't know.

You're a big part of this show.

I mean, yeah, we all watch because of the dogs, but if those little tubes and sticks, and teeter-totters, if they weren't there, we'd get bored quick.

Well, I take no offense to it, frankly, because as I said, I design them, and I run the courses, and that's where I get my joy.

I get the joy of just being able to know that if I can do this, a dog can do it.

And so I'm out there, and sometimes I do go.

I'll sort of be there in the preliminary rounds, and I'll just be checking.

I'm eyeing the dogs.

Where are you watching from?

Up in the top tier?

The...

Like, no, well, I have a friend.

Did you get your seat?

I have a friend who gets better seats than me, and he's sort of like filming it, and I'm watching it on my phone outside.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

So you're watching these, and then you're thinking, you're seeing the dogs do these things.

I'm seeing the dogs do them, and all the dogs are passing, but they're not beating my times.

Oh, so you've been doing them faster.

You know, yeah, I sort of get down there, and you're thinking, I'm probably running up and down on my two legs.

I didn't design it that way.

For two legs.

You're on four.

I'm on four.

I've gone the full island, breaking the rules here.

Sure.

So how are you able to do it so fast?

I mean, if I had to crawl around on my hands and knees, I don't know that I could do it all that fast.

I, well, I didn't used to do it that fast, but it's been something that I've worked on for a really long time, and I now have the sort of upper, you need a lot of upper body strength to run fast on four legs.

Really?

I would think it would be lower body strength.

No, you're pulling, not the way I'm doing it.

I'm pulling myself forward.

You're pulling yourself.

You're propelling yourself forward.

Exactly.

Can we see a little bit of this?

Because I'm having a hard time picturing it.

Well, okay, it just, I'm going to tell you, you're not going to like what my neck does.

You're just not going to like it.

I'm not going to like what is it?

Is it disgusting or?

It folds back into my back a little bit so I can see where I'm going.

Oh, okay.

If you say I'm not going to like it, but I'm.

Okay, here we go.

Let's just check it out.

Oh, okay.

Well, that's disgusting.

I said you weren't going to like it.

I was sort of preparing you to not do that because that really hurts my feelings.

Well, you want me to be silent about it?

I mean, Greg's, what did you think?

I mean, I found it no more repulsive than anything else you have done.

Greg's.

Is that bad?

Yes.

I mean, even if you're not interested, he said he was.

So like, you have to be terrible.

Okay.

I let me try.

I am.

I, I, you can acknowledge the power that you hold over dogs.

Okay.

That's a start.

Does it make you feel proud to hold dominion over dogs?

It's getting weird.

I, you know, if I, if I'm speaking, if I'm speaking honestly, it does feel, I do feel proud to hold dominion over dogs in this way because.

Over the beasts of the field.

Over the beasts of the field, over man's best friend.

Certainly.

And you know, if I, I, that's what I kind of go around saying when I, I'm beating these dogs.

What?

Not beating them.

No, like besting them sort of like, uh, but are you, but are you beating the dogs?

No, I don't come anywhere near the dogs.

I, I, I build the course.

I don't know anywhere near the dogs.

Well, I'm not like dogs.

No, well, they're scary, but I, I, I like them.

They're scary.

Are you legally allowed to get close to dogs?

I can get close to them.

I just, it's not my preference because I am sort of afraid of them, but I'm better than them.

What's so scary about dogs?

Uh, well, the way that they just sort of look at you, the, the roy is salivating their, uh, you know, say if I were afraid of dogs, I wouldn't say the way they look at me.

It's the scariest thing.

I would mention the teeth, the gloves.

Well, it's what they're doing with them, gnarling and sort of gnashing their gums and all that nonsense.

But, but they have, they have just a, a pernicious stare.

That stare is really doing a lot of the work for me.

I don't like that because I'm like, what are you even thinking about?

I can't comprehend that.

So you think they're thinking bad thoughts about you?

Yeah, they're thinking about all the ways that they can try to kill me.

Oh, okay.

I say, wow.

So Jefferson, you're afraid of dogs.

Yeah.

And it sounds like you only got into this business because you want to humiliate them by running faster over these courses than they can.

And, you know, and to keep them busy, because I feel like a dog, especially a good boy, can't really ignore a fun obstacle course.

So the more time they're spending on these obstacle courses, the more time they're away from me.

So you're not even going into the stands because it sounds like you're worried that the dogs will overthrow the judges and come rampaging through the stands, eating and biting and staring at you.

Yeah, I, I, I'm certainly worried about their, their tendency to rampage.

And I don't, I'm not trying, I'm not trying to be anywhere near that because I don't want to be responsible for the outcome.

So you think that the outcome would be what?

You murdering all these dogs.

If any, any creature, and this is where I feel like I'd really do connect with Gracks on this, any creature that steps to me in any sort of way will be fall victim to these hands.

Okay, these ping pong hands?

I call them my human paddles, but yes.

So wait, do you use paddles when you ping pong or are you just using your hands?

Well, per regulation, I do have to use the paddles, but if I wanted to, I wouldn't need to.

When you use the paddles, does it look like two paddles be held by two other paddles?

It does.

I have sort of done a sort of quality of life upgrade for everybody else, where I do wear gloves with like little hot dogs in them so that they can do it appears that I have fingers.

Yes.

And that only does hinder my performance, but I do still very, do very well in those tournaments.

So you alter your appearance to make other beings feel comfortable.

This is something that we have in common, Jefferson.

I have given myself an anus to make beings from all other galaxies feel comfortable.

Please don't show us your anus, please.

Yeah, I see you turning around.

I'm always going to see it.

Well, okay, I'm listening.

You said please don't.

I will not show you my anus.

I'm not interested.

Jefferson, maybe you can do it after the show if you're interested in checking that out, but beware, you might end up in there with Danny DeVito.

Okay, well, I only like to see that kind of stuff on like the third and a half date.

Okay, cool.

Well, look, we are running out of time here, guys.

Unfortunately, we only have time for one final feature, and that's a little something called plugs.

♪ How many bang bangs got them plugs? ♪ ♪ All of them bugs ♪ ♪ How many wags they give? ♪ ♪ Good way to hang up ♪ ♪ You need plugs to close it up ♪ ♪ And talk about your stupid stuff ♪ ♪ Glose I'm done ♪ Oh, hell yeah, that was plugs not drugs.

Boy, I, Jefferson, I saw you bopping along to it.

That seems like that's right up your alley.

Yeah, yeah, that, uh, Scott, that whipped ass.

That was great.

What, who are your favorite bands?

I would guess.

Okay, let me guess.

Weezer and Blink 182.

You got it, man.

That's my bread and butter, my steeze.

Yep, of course.

Well, that was plugs not drugs by Tough Talk, T-U-F-F.

Talk, thanks to them for sending that in.

And guys, what are we plugging in?

Eliza, obviously, regarding my lovers is out right now, in stores now.

Yeah, you can order it online.

You can get a physical copy, you can get a digital copy.

You can get a physical.

And then get a copy.

Yeah, exactly.

You know, you can't.

Import numbers checked.

Yeah, every year.

Yeah.

Get your anus checked.

And you got to do it.

You got to.

And also, Earth to Ned on Disney Plus is the show that I had wrote and has, it's about some aliens hosting a late night talk show.

So watch that too.

Yes, I have consumed it and I did enjoy it.

For me, it already exists and I, it gets two thumbs up from Gracks.

Wow, how many thumbs do you have?

Yeah.

Oh, you wouldn't invest in that.

I have three thumbs.

So you didn't get all three thumbs, but it's very good.

Listen, I give almost nothing all three thumbs.

You must understand.

It's like a Michelin stuff.

I've never given any Earth production three thumbs.

Not even one flew over the Kookoo's Nest?

No, even with a magnet, uh, mesmerizing performance from Danny DeVito.

It was not enough for me to raise my third thumb.

If I were Danny DeVito, I'd be worried that like I'd get to set and all the cameras would be up way too high.

And I'd be like, you're not going to see me this entire scene.

Hey, that's their problem.

You know, that's your good point.

Maybe he's in a lot of movies and we just don't know it.

Tons of them.

Yeah, you got to check the IMDB because you just don't see them on screen.

Interesting.

Uh, Gracks, anything you want to plug?

Yes, I want to plug the ending of all space and time, which I will inevitably cause and- When is that coming?

Can you give us a little hint?

I can't.

I'm not allowed to.

The producers said I can't say- Producer?

I'm working with Arthur.

Uh, uh, that world destroyers.

Is that a sort of being the producer?

Yes, there's another, there's a being higher than me that's in charge of it.

And they don't want me to say.

Hmm.

So I'm very sorry about that.

Jefferson Milky Way, what are you, uh, plugging here?

Uh, well, I like to plug.

Uh, I'm a fan of this guy, uh, man Apadaca.

He's, um, what some people would consider primarily a podcast producer, but he also does comedy.

And so you could hear about the podcast he produced, uh, produces called, what's it called?

How did this get played?

Yo, is this racist and culture kings?

And in his own podcast, what's with these homies talking about Weezer, where he talks about Weezer with people that don't want to?

He seems to be like, he should know the title of the show he produces.

Well, that was- Nice.

Good job.

Well, I want to plug, of course, uh, if you're interested in hearing people talk turtles, uh, there's my side podcast.

We have to stop talking TMNT on CBB, uh, that I do with Sprague the Whisperer.

Um, this week coming up on Thursday, we're talking, uh, TMNT with Tatiana Maslani and Christian Bruin.

Uh, that'll be coming out on Thursday.

If you want to hear that episode and all previous episodes and all future episodes, uh, go head over to Sean Distance Patreon and sign up for that.

I believe it's only $5 a month and you can hear all those episodes.

And, uh, that's a lot of fun.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you wanna close it up.

You lead with an L and then you hold.

Clean up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Shake your hands and open it up.

Generation your content and he just says, Open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep it fucking open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

All right guys, I want to thank you so much.

Uh, Eliza, always great to see you.

Continued success.

Uh, uh, I guess not with stand up comedy because, uh, you know, we can never do that again.

Yeah, it's all over, but, uh, with whatever you decide to segue into now, what do you think it'll be?

Uh, I'm thinking maybe like a, uh, food truck or just, um, uh, ceramics.

I don't know.

Yeah, whatever it is, you'll be great at it.

You know?

Thank you.

Um, and, uh, Jefferson Milky Way, so good to see you and- Thanks for having me Scott.

Uh, Gracks, Eater of Worlds.

Thank you so much for coming on and- Thank you.

I'm sorry for barging in.

Uh, I, uh, I hope it was okay.

We'll try to get the word out about your apology, although I don't know that anyone, you know, uh, uh, look, our- we have that gold record that, that, that, you know, we shot into space, but I don't think this podcast is going to get on it.

Mm.

So you may need to broaden your reach a little bit.

Well, you three will tell everyone that you meet for the rest of your existence that I apologize to the people of Kontu.

And please make it the first thing you say whenever you meet another living being.

Is that too much of an ask?

Just, uh, just- Have it be the first thing you say when you encounter another living being, and then it's off your plate and- Don't be not going to eat us, will you?

I mean- Mm.

I cannot make that promise to you.

There's a good chance I will eat this world.

I'm trying not to.

I'm trying to be good, you know, but- And eat the eat out.

But it's hard.

Yeah, I know that we, we're- our souls are very tasty looking because earthlings are essentially, you know, the caviar of the universe, I would imagine.

Okay, I don't know who told you that, but that's not what the rest of us is.

Okay, all right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.
