♪♪ There's nothing more attractive than confidence, other than horses. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to 2D But 2D But. Oh, 2D But 2D But is back.

Catchphrase Superstar, 2D But, 2D But. We need some new blood.

I'm looking at these catchphrases. We have 2D But, 2D But, Euripides shorts, Side of McGee. All of the catchphrase superstars, Reese makes words.

They've all gotten several catchphrases on the air.

Where is yours? Why don't you submit something?

If you want to hear your name on this incredible podcast, Comedy Bang Bang, which I'll introduce in a second, then you should submit one.

And how to do that? Who knows? Welcome to the show.

My name is Scott Ocherman. We have an incredible show coming up for you today.

We have an author coming up a little bit later. We have an entrepreneur.

Whoa! A show with an entrepreneur. Boy, it's been a minute since we've had on an entrepreneur, but we will see what they sell, why they sell it, who they sell it to, where they sell it.

Why are the reporters questions? What am I missing? Who, where, where I win?

How, how they sell it? How they sell it? That'll be coming up a little later.

But before we get to them, we need to check in with an old friend.

I hesitate to even describe his profession because I don't remember what it is.

I believe he has had several, he's several new jobs as it's said.

But let's welcome him back to the show. Please welcome back Rudy North.

Hello Rudy. I'm coming in hot, hot, hot, Scotty.

The old Buster Pointextor. Scott, I'm coming in hot as hell.

It is the middle of a heat wave, baby. Whoa, Buster!

You are right about that. Are you a proponent of climate change?

I'll tell you what, it's an inconvenience, you're true, Scott.

It certainly is. It's very inconvenient, especially if you're, if you're like me and your power goes out in the middle of the heat wave, then for today.

I'm going to go take a V-digit, don't open your fridge is what I heard, Scott.

That's right, we did not. The one thing I heard is don't open your fridge.

Don't open that, whatever you do, do not open that fridge.

Get away from that fridge! Get away from the fridge!

Scott, I'm coming in hot, man, you are so hot, man.

Yeah, you are piping. Hot piping hot, Scott. How are you doing?

I'm doing really good. It's great to see you Rudy North.

Catch me up, I do not remember exactly what happened.

I don't know how to do this. If there's some way that you could talk about what happened in an episode that occurred before this one.

I don't know how better to say that, but... Well, Scott, previously on Comedy Bagbank.

That's it. A lot of shit has happened and that is why I am here, Scott.

Really? That felt good. Hold on, let me just say I did a previously on, I got it out in two sentences. That felt good.

Yeah, usually you're previously on last, you know, it's like the final episode of Lost or the 100th episode of Buffy where they go through the entire five years.

You realize you were dead or some shit? Look, Scott, I have been at a facility in Malibu.

Oh!

It's called Simplify without the vowels.

So, it's a S there? Because why is sometimes a vow? Why is sometimes a vowels?

They really use why. So it's S-M-P-L-Y-F-Y. So Simp, how someone would describe you sometimes?

Some people would be saying I Simp it hard, but then amplify.

But a lot of people say I comp as well, Scott.

This place is a Canon rehab facility, Scott. Oh, I see.

This takes care of, okay, so if people haven't heard Rudy on this show before, Rudy, you...

A lot of stuff.

You've been with us how many years at this point?

Maybe three or four. Who knows? It feels like an eternity, Scott.

You started off kind of simple. You were a dirt bag.

I was a dirt bag from Florida who could take people's jobs by punching them in the throat.

Now, already, that is a lot, right? That's almost a hat on a hat at that point.

But then you're adding like a stovepipe on top of that.

But because of my addiction, Scott, I threw in the nose immortal.

I threw in that. I also had the Speed Force powers.

I also at some point developed the powers of the Force, Scott.

And not just the Speed Force, but the regular Force.

The regular Force, just Star Wars for it.

Rudy chloroquins.

The midichlorians?

Or is that hydroxychloroquine?

You're thinking hydroxychloroquine is the midichlorians and they got to let that...

What about a drenochrome? Have you drinking your adrenaline?

I have not, Scott. What the hell is that? I'm scared.

That's what we get from the blood of young children.

Oh, yes, yes. Of course. Yeah. We're all having...

We have a bunker under the Hollywood sign. Yeah. Okay.

Whatever.

Look, Scott.

So I'm here to say that I am 52 weeks sober from making new cannons, Scott.

Whoa, congratulations.

And this is the step... Yeah, this is the step they call...

Did you say 52 weeks? This is the step they call the new 52, Scott.

Why don't they just call it the year?

I don't know why.

It seems like it would be... I guess it's sort of...

You know, when you think about it, it's more an achievement to do 52 of something than just one of something.

Yeah, because apparently they say there's something about a leap year that throws it off.

But I'm like, that doesn't make any sense to me.

It's one day. But they call it the new 52, Scott.

And I'm here to clean up my cannon, Scott.

Okay, so when you first started, you were just a dirtbag who would throw punch people in swamps.

I'm still a dirtbag, Scott. I have my powers back.

I was never... You have one powers back.

My power of punching people is a throat being able to take their job.

Okay, not the speed force power. Speed force power? That's crazy.

Oh, gosh, Scott. That's the flash.

What was I doing? That was the flash.

Okay, so that's gone. You know, longer harness the force.

We'll say this. We still had speed force Thanksgiving, but it exists in my head when I was strapped to like a psychiatric ward or something.

So this is sort of like flashpoint in a way.

We have to clean it up the cannon, Scott.

So... Okay.

So this is simplified.

It feels good, Scott. Do you feel that?

It feels good because the more unwieldy it gets to talk to a guest, it's impenetrable for the new listeners.

That's what I was thinking. A lot like this conversation so far.

Yes! For the new listeners, you're probably like, what the hell is going on?

What are they talking about?

But what we're doing here is we're jettisoning all of it.

All of it. And now you are back to just being a simple dirtbag who likes to throw a punch people who likes to swap jobs with them.

Nothing more, nothing less.

And guess what? What's that?

I got a new job.

Oh, by the way, that's another part of your cannon.

That's what I was saying.

Ready to say you got a new job.

That remains.

That's good. That's good. That's good to stay. That has to stay.

Alright, that's cool. It's okay though because there are now dreams.

Do you call Simplify or?

No, no, no, there are cannon boundaries and we're okay.

We're okay.

I got you.

You don't need to call your sponsor.

Do you have a sponsor over there and simplify?

I do have a sponsor.

Who's that?

I don't need to call your sponsor.

I don't want to complicate my Canon too much with last names.

That's a good idea.

Anyway, we temporarily shut down for coronavirus COVID-19 and then we reopened with a harness system where one guest is allowed in at a time on the six foot harness from the guide.

Oh, okay.

Being pulled by the guide or pushed or?

Yeah, we lay them on the ground and then we drag them through the museum.

Okay, like a horse, like one of the Budweiser Clydesdales.

Yeah, but imagine someone was riding the Budweiser Clydesdale fell off, but their foot was stuck to the Clydesdale.

Sure, like in Old Westerns who are suddenly there dragged.

Yeah, exactly.

That's a good stunt.

I saw that at the Universal Stuncho Rudy.

That was pretty fun.

I wish you could do that by a jet ski in the in the water world.

Oh, somebody just drag them like leatherback of a jet ski.

Oh my God, that would be tight.

I would go.

I would I would risk COVID to go back to see that.

Hey, it's outdoors.

It's outdoors.

Yeah, it's fine.

Do you ever you ever thought about doing a stunt show at your bubble head museum?

Yeah, absolutely.

So the how the stunt would go is that we would dress as a life-size bobble head and we would be nodding.

So so you and Phil and Steve and Pete would dress as one bobble head?

Yeah, we dress as one huge bobble head.

Standing on top of each other's shoulders.

And then people would be like, that's weird.

There's three other points on this bobble head that are also mabbing.

So you'd have to coordinate with each other and say, Hey, you guys down there stop nodding.

We need we just need support.

Yeah.

So we did a trial run, but we were unable to get all of us to stop knabbing.

So we know we 86 that that's too bad.

So the only stunt was nodding.

Yeah, that was the well and how tall the this bobble head was.

That's not really a stunt.

You know, like my friend who's six eight.

It's not a stunt.

You know what I mean?

It's just his existence.

It is to anyone under six eight.

Look at this stunt man.

So admissions are okay then now.

Yeah, admissions are good.

We've kind of opened up what the museum and bobble head Hall of Fame offer.

We offer custom bobble heads now.

Oh, you can upload people of yourself.

You could upload pictures of yourself or a friend.

If you want to punk your friend with a bobble head, that's not really punking someone.

It's actually a nice gift.

How do you punk somebody with a bobble?

This sounds like a fun, thoughtful gift.

Well, not if you get bad pictures of them and then they get a bobble head.

Oh, okay.

Because a lot of people are like, well, get the custom orders.

And you're like, this guy looks like a fucking idiot.

And then you make the bobble head.

Do you tell them that?

Do you do you do you call them back and say, I just want to make sure you guys want this because this guy looks like a fucking idiot.

Do you say that?

I always do.

Or do you just do whatever?

I cover the phone where I'm looking through.

All right, I got your order, sir.

This guy looks like a fucking idiot.

So I mean, usually bad pictures of me, it's I don't like my body.

So I would actually prefer a bobble head type body on my real body.

So I don't know if I would be punked if I got a bobble head.

Well, maybe not.

Sometimes the punk backfires.

How is it backfire?

Someone's like, hey, I look pretty good.

I love my tiny body.

I love my curvy bobble head body.

So everything's a huge backfire.

That's a huge punked backfire.

You don't want to punked a backfire.

You don't want to punk backfire because then you're the punk.

You don't want to be like the canoe.

That's a backwards.

Yeah, exactly.

Thank you, Rudy.

Thank you.

That's part of your cannon knowing what I'm talking about.

No, Scott, don't do that, man.

Hey, man.

Don't be added to my cannon.

So is there anything, Darren, anything new to your cannon?

To my cannon.

Well, cannon, let me explain it because not everyone is a singularly attuned to it like Rudy.

It's basically the details of your life that we know about.

I don't ask you everything about, you know, I don't ask complete biographical information of all of our guests.

So maybe there's something that I haven't asked you about that is of interest to our listeners.

Yeah.

I had to go to the hospital recently.

Oh, no.

Just to make sure that I didn't have COVID-19 and unfortunately I got diagnosed with a medium size penis, Scott.

Oh, no, no, it's crazy.

I thought it was tiny.

The doctors are like, buddy, this is medium size.

So this was a doctor diagnosing you and not just someone there in the hospital.

I don't know.

But the guy had a ruler and a white coat on.

And what is medium size to him?

To that guy?

Yeah.

I don't know.

I might have a huge penis.

This is just in the hallway.

You didn't need a room for this, did you?

No, I was going for an MRI.

I never even got it.

The way you were going.

First you go there for a COVID test and then suddenly they take you into the MRI room.

Yeah, that's right.

And but I, the far as I got was the hallway and this guy in the white coat with a ruler in his hand stopped me and he measured my penis.

He said, looks good to me.

And I said, oh, okay, well, that's my cue to leave.

Do you take any pictures or anything like that?

Just for your file?

Uh huh.

Yeah.

Not for my file.

Oh, Darren, this ain't right, man.

I feel like you were maybe tricked, man.

This is not even a reverse punk.

This is just a straight up punk.

Maybe it was someone getting revenge because they got a bobblehead.

They thought they looked dumb in.

Well, a couple days later, I did get a bobblehead of my own penis in the middle.

Oh, no.

How do you make a bobblehead of your own penis?

Well, part bobbles.

You guessed it.

Usually it's the other way around.

Someone's babbling on your penis.

Hey, this is what happens when all guys are on the show.

Yeah, well, you ain't got any ladies on the show.

Yeah, this is a problem.

I don't know.

Sometimes this happens.

This is a problem.

Sometimes this happens with like some.

So I got a, I got a bobblehead question, Machiche.

Uh huh.

Um, is there, is there right now the most, do you have a new, most expensive bobblehead?

Uh, yeah.

We have, uh, are all bobble.

This is, I'm going to tie you into this question.

Are all bobbleheads, do they all cost exactly the same?

And then they appreciate in value.

And one is now more expensive to rebuy or are bobbleheads expensive on their own when they're first released?

Well, it depends.

Well, it's all about supply and demand, Scott.

So if you only make one bobblehead, it could be a bobblehead of like Kevin from the office and it would be expensive because they only, it's one of one.

Yeah.

Like 10,000 Michael Scott bobbleheads, they're not going to be as expensive because there's 10,000 of them.

So, so what I'm saying is is that the, the manufacturer then prices it accordingly or are they all priced, uh, with suggested retail, you know, MRP of like 9.99 or whatever, and then they appreciate in value to the collector.

That's right.

They all started 9.99 and then they appreciated value.

Okay.

That's pretty solid answer.

That's why you got to get in early on these 9.99 bobbleheads.

Do you buy every bobblehead that's ever released?

Yes.

Yeah.

What are the brand new bobbleheads you just bought?

I bought a brand new bobblehead of Babe Ruth pointing to the center field wall.

Why is that brand new?

It seems like they would have got that one in early.

That one seems like it should be old, man.

Uh, I got the bobblehead of Tom Cotton writing a New York Times op-ed.

Okay.

That is definitely new.

That's a couple weeks old, but still.

Who is the audience for that?

Who's buying a Tom Cotton?

You'd be surprised.

Maybe, maybe it's to punk people with it.

Yeah.

Cause he's a straight up punk.

I don't know.

It seemed like 38% of the people buying it were genuinely buying it.

That's pretty sad.

Yeah.

What are some of the other new ones?

Like what's the absolute newest that you got?

The absolute newest check, check the boards right this second.

Like what dropped this in the last 10 years?

Chronologically, chronologically.

Okay.

It's going to take a couple of clicks, but uh, here we go.

Sure.

It looks like we just got a bobblehead that's still 9.99.

So you know, it's fresh on the market of the character Nippy from episode three of the vow on HBO Max.

Whoa.

Of episode three of the vow, the documentary of, of Nexium?

Yeah.

So if you're not watching the vow, that's going to go over your head.

But if you are, that's probably the best reference you've ever heard in your life.

Would you put that next to a small, ville actress bobblehead that you must have gotten about 10 or 12 years ago?

Allie Mac or Kristen Crook?

I think it's allie Mac.

Definitely because she was in Nexium.

Yeah.

That's right.

That's, it's her initials that you see at first.

And then when you look sideways at the genitals, it's Keith right near you.

So you're, you're really enjoying the vow.

Well, I'm definitely caught up.

This is a brand new bobblehead that is vow themed.

Will there be other ones you think?

Yeah.

Are there any cuties on Netflix bobbleheads?

Let's take a couple clicks through the website.

You know what?

I got to say, if square space were involved in that website, there would only have to be like one click.

Yeah.

Because they get to, you could make things happen in one click.

Yeah, exactly.

That's true.

Well, this is a some other website.

This is GoDaddy.

Oh, I see.

Oh, okay.

Oh, so maybe, yeah, your cuties might be on there on GoDaddy.

This is what happens when guys are on the show.

This is a right, Scott.

I'm shaking my damn head right now.

We got to get more women on the show.

You know what, Scott?

What if we were on a break?

Wait, wait, Scott, hold on.

What if I was a woman?

I don't, I don't think it's cool for you to say that.

Is that bad?

Yeah.

I think it's better.

Let's get that out of your cannon.

Yeah.

That could be just, I could be, I could just straight up represent the female voice of the show.

I think female people should play female people on this show probably.

Okay.

I respect that.

None on this show.

Okay.

Good.

Probably my bad.

But who knows who I may have invited to be on this show.

That's true.

We don't even know.

It's not your fault.

I want to get some of these Nexium bobbleheads.

Yeah, definitely.

Absolutely.

So you want, are you more in the Vanguard bobbleheads?

Yeah, they're pre-pecked bobbleheads.

I'll take a Vanguard smart move.

So what, so then what is the bobblehead that is appreciated in value the most to the collector?

What is the most expensive one?

The most expensive bobblehead.

So this is, you mean like a bobblehead?

I cannot go over this again.

This is the bobblehead that's worth the most.

All right.

But just so that I'm put it on this.

No.

You're clear.

I know you're clear on this.

What would you, what, if someone were to walk into your museum right now and be dragged in like they're on, like they've fallen off a horse and they look around and say, I want to buy the most expensive, which bobblehead would you sell to me for the most money?

Which one would it be?

Oof.

Okay.

Well, you know, they're going up and down all the time.

So I'm going to have to get a couple of clicks into the website.

So you, this is not based on a personal feeling.

This is, this is like there's almost a buyer's price guide there on the website.

Yep.

It's like the Thomas guide of bobbleheads.

Yes.

Remember the Thomas guide?

No, I don't even know.

I know.

That was what cars were on.

That was what, what, how you would figure out how much a used car was.

I thought that was Kelly, Kelly's blue book.

No, wait, no, no, different.

Hold on.

Thomas guides, Thomas guides were maps.

That's right.

Thomas guides are maps.

I don't know what to.

Okay.

What am I thinking of?

I'm thinking of Kelly.

I think you're the penny saver.

You're thinking of an auto trader and Kelly.

These are all things that I had to use until the internet was invented circa 1998.

Well, I am.

Are you on this website yet?

Yeah.

I've been clicking the way you're talking about Kelly's blue books.

You got to answer the question, but gee, check out because Scott's getting pissed.

I might have to throw your ass out of the zoom.

No, already.

Get ready, Rudy.

All right.

I can send to be here.

Currently, the most expensive bobblehead is a bobblehead of the character car fox from the commercials from the car fox commercial from the car fax commercials.

It is a bobblehead of the cartoon character car fox holding a red bull in vodka.

Oh, so this is like this is a variant.

Yeah.

That's well, yeah, most bobbleheads are they have to place the character in some historical context.

So the historical context for this, so standing next to Abraham Lincoln or something.

Let me like how old is Abraham Lincoln's corpse compared to the car fox guy?

So you must know about this one and you set me up for this question because in the paragraph description below this, there's only one of these made in history, which is why it's so expensive.

It's car fox drinking a red bull in vodka right next to the corpse of Abraham Simpson.

Oh, my fault.

Are you thinking of the Simpsons?

Do they already do this on the Simpsons?

The Simpsons did it.

I don't know.

If the Simpsons did it, I will throw you as I know.

Yeah, that's one thing I need you to do.

If anyone does a premise that's already been done on the Simpsons, throw them out.

We can't afford that.

We can't afford to be seen.

I swear.

I'll fuck Abraham Lincoln.

So he's sitting in the booth at the theater with Abraham Lincoln.

John, he's sitting there.

They keep that.

I've been to that theater.

I didn't see his corpse there in the booth.

Yeah.

This is a historical reimagination of Lincoln's assassination where the car fox is there drinking a red bull in vodka.

And then he's got a thought bubble popping up outside his head that says six semper tear in this.

So he's the most expensive one.

This is the most expensive one.

And it's misquoted Latin.

Uh huh.

Six semper tear in this.

I don't understand the bobblehead game.

Yeah, with thought bubbles inside and realized there were thought bubbles and there were duo things.

The bubble bubble.

Is it a bobbly?

Yeah.

Yeah, it's attached to the head and it moves.

It moves as the head moves.

So it's hard to read them.

Yeah, that's why this one is so expensive because it shouldn't have been expensive.

That's why it's expensive.

Difficult.

It shouldn't have been.

I weighed.

Okay.

All right.

But this is I don't get the bobblehead.

I thought maybe the most expect the one you described about Babe Ruth pointing the pointing the bat for the home run.

I feel like that one might be the most expensive one.

Yeah.

I mean, if they made it back in 19, when did you do that?

19?

32.

32 world series against Charlie Ruth and the Chicago Cubs and they swept them.

Okay.

They did four to zero.

Oh, great.

Okay.

We don't care.

We did this.

Maybe important to you.

I thought this was a show about things that people care about.

Things that I care about.

Oh, yeah, you got to make sure you.

It's got to be the teenage mutant ninja turtles, which now I guess I care about slightly, although I can't remember any of the details.

Oh, we did just get a Donatello bobblehead for Rachel.

Wait, Donatello, which one is he?

He's got, well, you know, no, I don't, which it went what color masters you have.

Purple, purple, man.

What do you care?

Rudy, I don't really care, but I can see your roommate behind you sort of waving his hands just like, yeah, he's bummed.

He's pissed.

Yeah.

Get out.

Oh, get out of here.

Just get these rights.

Go to say Donatello does what scoffs.

Yeah, I don't know.

I can't remember.

Come on, man.

You're going to get a you're going to get a large slap.

He just bars.

Look, man, Scott, give me a little bit of machines, man.

I'll give him a little address.

Donatello does machines.

Oh, is he doing machines in this bobblehead?

Yeah, he's doing machines.

And he's cursing because there's so much pizza grease all over the machine.

Okay, I think that would be tight.

Yeah, I would pay like maybe 1095 for that one.

I'd probably get $11 or something.

All right.

We have to take a break.

What?

No, you stick around, Darren?

Yeah, please.

Please, I want to stick around.

I want to hear more from you, but we have an author coming up on the show.

If that's okay, you got it.

Thanks.

Have you ever read a book?

Yep.

Okay.

As it answered, we'll be right back.

I don't want to know which one will be right back with more comedy, bang, after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back.

We have Rudy North here, not complicated at all.

Just a normal guy, just chill.

What are you sitting on right now, by the way?

I'm sitting on a tough it.

I tough it.

I had heard of anyone sitting on a tough and since.

Since the old.

Okay.

Okay, you know what?

I'm sitting on a chair.

It's just a normal chair.

I'm a normal guy.

Okay.

And I'm doing zoom security.

That guy seems to be okay for right now.

So okay right now.

I don't have to throw him out.

All right.

We also have Darren Matichak, the aforementioned Darren Matichak.

He is an entrepreneur.

He and his friends.

You got Phil.

You got Pete.

I believe he also have Steve.

Yeah.

They all own and run the bobblehead museum out there in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

And anything, any other side jobs or is that your only source of income?

I'm an actuary.

So I'm actually the money man behind all of this.

Oh, that's right.

I didn't we talk about this?

You put up all of the money and your friends are just hangers on?

Yeah, they don't like that to be said publicly, but yes.

Well, we're just repeating what's already been said.

Yeah, exactly.

Hey, yeah.

Hey, you said, Hey, so I'm going to let you finish your thought.

Oh, they come up with great ideas like dragging people through the museum to see.

Do they just say drag him one day and then you you took it to the next level or?

Yeah, they, yeah, this guy, he snapped his fingers and he said, drag him there.

And I was like, Oh, drag customers through the museum.

Okay.

That's a good idea.

All right.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest.

He is an author and I don't know author of what author of books, author of novellas.

We have no idea, but please welcome to the show Jerry major.

Oh, it's on now.

It is on.

Yeah, I'll do it's on now.

You know, I come in hot.

Oh shit.

You come in hot.

Oh, I come in hot.

You're saying it's on now?

Is this a hot off?

It's a I'm.

It might get to that.

Oh, yeah.

They I noticed the temperature rising about three degrees.

It's surprising.

Yeah, boy.

Hi, Jerry.

It's so nice to meet you.

You've never been on the show before.

Never been on the show before, man.

And you know, can I tell you something?

I took issue with you calling me an offer because that's not what I do, but then I realized it's kind of a compliment.

Oh, now what I do is better than what I do.

So I start that's okay.

I'm sorry to get your details wrong.

I'm just reading what's put on the card in front of me by our producer, the guy with a chef apron.

But you what are you if not an author?

You're something worse, you say?

It's not as glamorous.

You know what I'm saying?

It's not it's not it.

I don't have to glam.

What I do is I look at a movie when Will Smith is attached to it and I look at the script and I say, Oh, that's a movie, but it's not a Will Smith movie.

And what I do is I adjust the movie to make it a Will Smith movie.

Okay, slow that.

Hold on.

You can't be kick busting here.

You might need to.

So he's already attached to the movement.

That's right.

Okay, so hold on.

You're a guy.

So hold on.

Hold on.

You look at a thing and decided to movie.

That was your first thing.

I look at a movie.

Okay.

So unless you look at a movie and decided to movie.

So sometimes Will Smith will send me PDFs and I click on the PDF and I go, okay, this must be a movie.

Okay.

So you work for Will Smith to look back up back up.

You work for Will Smith.

That's correct.

Yeah.

Formerly the Fresh Prince of Bel Air current movie star.

Well, I mean, no one's a current movie star, but no, he and movies right now.

I trust that.

Okay.

So you're an employee of Will Smith.

That's right.

I work for overbrook entertainment.

Okay.

And what he does is he sends you PDFs of scripts that he is attached to, meaning he's he may actually film them and star in them.

That's right.

You read them and decide if their Will Smith movies are not.

I make them into Will Smith movies when he wants to be in them.

I look at it and I go, well, his things, you know, yeah, what are the adjustments that you need to make in order to make explosions explosions?

I'll add explosions.

I'll add catch phrases.

You know what I'm saying?

So he was supposed to be in the revenue, you know, the Leonardo DiCaprio movie where he won the Oscar for where he was fucked in the ass by a bear, I believe.

Okay.

So let's look at that scene, right?

I looked at that scene and I said, this is not a Will Smith scene.

If he doesn't get eaten by the bear.

So I was thinking that when he gets eaten by the bear, is that what it was?

The bears attacked me.

No, he gets attacked by the bears.

Okay.

There's a lot of sound and fury down there signifying nothing, of course.

But so I couldn't quite tell what was going on down there.

So he got an attack by the bear and I was thinking to make it a Will Smith movie, he's just go, damn, this bear hungry.

But they didn't want to do that.

They didn't want to do that.

So we walked away.

Well, it was a, it was a period piece.

I don't know whether that really fit in with the dialogue of the time.

If it don't fit in, it's not a Will Smith movie.

It's that simple.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So you sort of are, you sort of make sure that the tone is right for your, your client, if you will.

So he's not misstepping and doing a movie or a movie or a movie or a boss.

He's not a client.

Wouldn't you say?

I mean, he's more, he's more like a.

How do you get paid?

Usually 1099 you.

You know, I don't look at your tax situation.

I have to just send us your returns.

That's one thing about a comedy bang bang.

Every SS to send your tax returns.

Oh, yeah.

I must have a hell of a trouble today.

Don't shatter norms.

Send us those.

What?

Let me ask you this.

You said you had explosions.

You had catchphrases.

I saw this movie called the pursuit of happiness.

That's right.

Yeah.

I remember him then.

I remember he was hanging out in a bathroom with a young kid.

That sounds bad, but it actually was very.

He was crying and he was holding on to a old piece of machinery or something.

I wanted the bad version.

You see, I was with you when I saw, oh, he's going to be in this bathroom with this young kid.

I like this.

I can see we could go a week or something crazy with this, but he didn't want to do it.

He was feeling his Oscar stuff then.

We got into a big fight and we didn't talk for some years.

Oh, really?

So every for years after the pursuit of happiness, you guys weren't talking.

He was trying to be a serious actor.

He wanted to leave the explosions in the catchphrases behind.

You know what I'm saying?

When did he come back?

Was it with bad boys?

Was after concussion after he saw that.

Oh, you're not the guy who said, tell the truth.

Tell the truth.

No, I would have said, hey, this truth seems hungry.

Okay.

Are all of your catchphrases based on the hunger of the protagonist and what they encounter?

I don't even remember him really saying that.

Are you just hungry right now?

Yeah, he was the last time you ate.

I mean, I haven't eaten since I started working for the man.

Oh, is he not paying you?

No, he paid me.

He paid me.

I got to find those tax returns so I can send it to you guys.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, we'll get those.

I don't want my parts to be silent when the show is released.

So right after concussion, let me let me take a look at his IMDB page.

You you got what was the last thing?

Suicide squad was the next suicide squad.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, he's definitely easy job.

Easy job.

What did you add to suicide squad?

Well, there was a scene right where he's talking to Harley Quinn and hardly quincious like, Oh man, the joke is going to come after us.

And he sits there and he thinks and he goes, damn, the Joker must be hungry and in explosion have been explosion happens.

Okay.

Wow.

You double you doubled up on that.

Honestly, it sounds a lot like what happened in suicide squad.

I only saw once, but that's kind of my memory.

That's kind of a lateral move to be of how bad it was.

I love that.

What about bright?

He made bright right after that.

The Netflix film about the cop with all the magic in the world.

Can I tell you something?

It was just a regular cop and black people movie.

You know what I'm saying?

Like the the orcs were the black people and the Hispanics and all of that stuff.

I go in who came in and said, yo, this shit's not this shit's not Will Smith enough.

You know what I'm saying?

And I had a lot of trouble talking to Max, you know, because he thinks he's important because his daddy's somebody, but I told him I do this.

Okay, I do this all the time.

Make it along with Max.

You know what?

I did, but a lot of people did not.

Oh, interesting.

So wait, you decided you got to make it a bunch of monsters just because Will Smith was in men and black or something.

That's what I'm saying.

I'm saying get up to his level.

Okay.

I don't know this, but bad boys was not written for Will Smith.

Who was it written for?

Danny DeVito.

I love it and Danny DeVito.

Whoa, that's a pairing.

I actually want to see if they ever done a movie together.

God.

Now tell I'm hungry for that pairing.

Man, that would be so tight.

But then Joe Pesci shows up.

Oh, Joe Pesci shows up.

He was a police chief and a bad guy.

All right.

Here's what we do.

We make something called sad boys and we hire these old motherfuckers to make a movie.

I want to make a movie.

Darl of a sudden.

We all hyped up.

That's a relatively simple thing for us.

Oh, we can find out.

Darren, you is.

I got the money for it.

I could back you guys.

I believe in your vision.

How much is back things very much money do you have?

I'm an actuary.

I have a lot of money, but for a John Lubbett.

Exuarial services.

You know, I look at the market and analyze risk and then I make money off of it.

But John Lovitz, Danny DeVito, Joe Pesci, zero risk.

I'm in.

Okay.

All profit.

All profit, baby.

You turned it into a Will Smith movie.

That's right.

I got a little bit of Will Smith movie.

Did you strip out this?

Yeah.

Would you strip out?

I looked out a lot of the dramatic tension, a lot of the forward plop movement.

You know, I took a lot of that out and I just added catch phrases like that scene where they're in the corner store and they say, give me some bubblelicious, the strawberry kind.

That was me and some skittles and some skittles.

Thank you.

So Martin did that.

I'm not going to take credit for that.

That was Martin.

Oh, Martin have his own guy who Martin Fies movies.

Oh, you talking about Michael Minor.

Oh, Michael Minor.

Michael Minor.

That's Martin's guy.

He has worked in a bit.

I love to talk.

Yeah.

No, unfortunately.

Well, you know, we got a big paycheck this year.

I would think for bad boys three.

Oh, we worked together on bad boys three.

It felt like a family reunion.

Oh, I was going to say class reunion, but I don't go to school.

Those are the two types of reunions.

Haven't you found?

Yeah.

And family class.

Real house wise.

Yeah, that's true.

Okay.

The three.

The three reunions.

And Andy Cohen is usually there in two other three.

Two out of the three.

So what does Will Smith have any movies coming up?

I mean, what are you?

It looks like he has something called King Richard.

Yeah.

He's currently filming.

I'm having fights with that one.

I'm having fights with that one man.

I can only imagine it's a period piece where he plays King Richard.

That's right.

What's the dialogue like in that?

It's very Shakespeare, which to me is boring.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

I mean, the speech I pray comes trippingly off the tongue.

Hey, Scott, man, you want people to listen to this, bro?

So you saw this.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Out out, damn candle.

I'm actually reading which one I'm reading the plot to this.

And maybe it was a period piece at some point, but now it's a look at how tennis superstars, Venus and Serena Williams became who they are after coaching from.

So it used to be a period.

He's about King Richard.

That's right.

And then you just added Serena and Venus.

Bro, that's a Will Smith movie now.

Because before it wasn't a little Smith movie.

So what happens is Serena and it's a little something.

I'm pretending that I'm Venus Williams now and I hit the ball and it goes outside the line ready.

And you tell me what Will Smith says, ready?

Damn, she must be hungry.

OK, I kind of saw that coming.

I did not see that coming.

By the way, the whole must be hungry thing.

Does that tie into Danny DeVito's Snickers commercials?

Because that's the whole premise of those.

That's a lawsuit right now and I'm not allowed to talk about it.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

Tell us a little bit about it, though.

OK, I'm going to tell you how to say a little bit.

Tell us everything.

Just tell you.

OK, I'll tell you how to courthouse.

It's that one over in Santa Monica that we look at real nice and go, oh, I could go to court and then get a little surfing afterwards.

I love that.

That's the dream.

That is the dream.

Look, OJ did it.

You know.

Yeah.

Was he surfing every day during his trial?

Did you know he had a wetsuit on under his suit?

That's why he looks so uncomfortable.

Is it the same wetsuit he wore in naked guns?

33 to third?

Yes.

Absolutely.

That's why the glove didn't fit because his body was swelling up through his hand.

Oh, this is insane.

We broke the case.

We broke the case, but we can't be saying any of this stuff.

We can't say this.

Yeah, we're going to reverse the decision.

Double chest trust me.

Kevin, I can trust you to cut all this out.

Right.

OK, he's nodding.

So, yeah, what's coming up for Will Smith?

I mean, other than King Richard, what do you got in the pipeline?

Well, they really wanted us to do a movie about the civil rights movement.

Oh, that would be great.

Like maybe something based on he just passed away, good trouble.

Not Richard Lewis.

John Lewis.

Well, Richard Lewis is going to be in my version because I wanted to feel good.

Hell yeah.

Hold on.

This is right.

Be tight.

I love this.

This ain't right.

So, you know, John Lewis is having a tough time, you know, coming up with his speech and he goes, I need some jokes in this speech.

And he thought up his good friend Richie.

This is the bridge from hell.

Who's his cousin?

You know what I'm saying?

That is good.

That is going to be a bad movie.

I don't think it's going to be a bad movie.

It's like a reboot of twins with Will Smith and Richard Lewis as Richard and John Lewis.

Richard and John Lewis.

They didn't know that.

And Davido is out.

Davido is out.

What's wrong with this movie?

You know what?

Here's what I'm excited about with Will Smith.

I'm not excited about any of his movies.

I'm done with him as a movie guy.

Let me hear.

I like him as a producer.

Okay.

And he's producing Bel Air.

That's right.

Bel Air.

Remake of Fresh Prince and Bel Air, the dramatic remake.

And I'm excited for that.

And I feel like Will Smith is not going to be in it.

It's not going to have a bunch of catch phrases.

It's going to take them materials seriously.

That's what I'm excited about.

No, he is.

And I'm the showrunner for that.

So you are.

You're the showrunner.

That's a lot of work.

He should be exhausted and he still has not fed me in all these years.

Jerry, is he supposed to feed you or he's just giving you?

Here's what maybe you don't understand.

The paychecks he's giving you, you're supposed to buy the food with those.

He doesn't make those friends.

That's not food.

That's not.

No, he doesn't actually feed you.

He doesn't actually like pay you in food.

Yeah.

Let me ask you this right now, Jerry.

If you were to say a catchphrase about yourself and it would just take something.

If you were to take me into account your emotional state, the fact that you haven't eaten in a long time, what would you like if this is the Jerry major movie?

What would you like?

I would love to see Will Smith in the Jerry major movie.

Oh, that's a dream.

That's a dream.

Well, how do you make it into a Will Smith movie, Jerry?

I'll go.

Damn.

That's a big ass explosion.

No, that's okay.

You know what?

I don't know what to do.

Yeah.

I don't know what to do.

Yeah.

But can I tell you about my plans in Bel Air?

Oh, yeah.

Hey, look, you 100% right, my man.

It's going to be very dramatic.

We taking it very seriously.

You know what I mean?

Young Will is being chased by gang members and is forced to move to Bel Air.

You know what I mean?

It's all this class.

He's being chased.

By the way, I've never seen the Fresh Prince of Bel Air.

I've seen one episode because I did a raise by TV episode.

So that's the premise of this.

He's being chased by gang members the entire show.

That's not the premise of the television show.

The television show, he gets into a fight while he's playing basketball.

Oh, okay.

His mother sends him to Philadelphia, but we have to up the stage because the drama.

Okay.

So he, oh, I see.

So there's gangsters involved in every episode of this.

Now, correct.

Tasting him around.

That's correct.

Damn.

And what, what kind of thing does he say?

Ooh.

Boy, this is, I mean, if this is your job, so the fact, the fact that you took that question.

Can I call my room?

Wait, you have a writer's room?

He's got a writer's room running right now.

He's a show writer.

He should be in the room.

He could break to work with y'all.

You know what I'm saying?

I took a break to work with y'all.

Yeah, call your room if you have to.

I mean, Darren, maybe you could get involved in this.

Could you, maybe you could punch some of them?

Darren's my backer.

Yeah, absolutely.

You know, I'm, I'm a non-creative VP, but I'm full of ideas.

You're pretty good with catchphrases.

Aren't you, Darren?

Although you've never had one yourself.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

I mean, you just tell me what I need to brainstorm and I'm on it.

We've well, have you been listening the last three minutes?

I was thinking of new bobbleheads to be honest.

Of course you were.

I was clicking away on that mouse.

I was thinking of Richard Lewis bobbleheads.

Oh, this is good with a big trench coat.

Yeah, because, you know, a, as we've discussed, a bad bobblehead can be one of the most expensive bobbleheads.

So Richard Lewis drinking Boku fruit juice involved in some civil rights movement.

That's a bad bobblehead.

This is a very expensive, very expensive.

All right.

So then mark me down.

I'm gonna buy that bobblehead.

Didn't you make it?

If it's not 99, just I gotta invest my money.

So say, say Will Smith was, what's the situation?

Even I've lost the blood here.

Oh, sorry.

He's being chased by gangsters.

Yeah, we throw it out and come up with a new one every day.

So I'll tell you what today's is he's being chased by gangsters.

And so he moves in the belly with his cousins and his uncle.

His uncle is a judge.

His aunt is easily replaceable and his cousins.

You got Hillary.

She rich.

You got Carlton and this is new.

He's a Trump supporter.

We thought that was a big, you know, a big one.

Are you sure you want to make him that unlikable?

I mean, I know, I know that.

What's unlikable about that?

Nothing.

Oh my gosh, half my audience is gone.

Oh, no.

38%?

38%.

We gaffigan will lose our audience.

Please by the gods of Jim Gaffigan, please, please help us keep our audience.

Please, please, please, please, please, please.

Don't make me back.

Well, this sounds great.

So then what Darren Matitich, what is the catchphrase here in this situation?

I don't know about you, but I'm definitely the new Chris Paul.

Okay, let me, let me break that down.

I don't know about you, but I'm definitely the new Chris Paul.

What does that mean there?

Well, Alfonso Ribiero, who played Carlton on the original is now in state farm.

Commercials where he's pretending to be Chris Paul.

So okay, make that cannon within the new bell air.

What about the AFV cannon though, the America's funniest home videos, because is he not the current host of that?

I, yes.

It sounds like you don't know.

And if you don't know, this bobblehead might be worth nothing.

I'm only watching the vow right now.

I'm not trying to watch America's funniest home videos during a pandemic.

Slipping America's funniest home videos during, I mean, it would lighten up the vow.

I would imagine I can only think that's for sure.

Oh, well, what do you think?

What's your name?

Jerry major?

Yeah, I'm right now I'm perplexed because AFV is an inaccurate acronym.

Oh, what is it?

Oh, AFV.

Sorry.

That's correct.

Yeah, it's not just funniest videos.

No, because that could be anything.

That could be anything.

We could tape the water world stunt show, you know, and that would be funny.

That's a funny video, you know, but it's the funniest home videos.

You're right.

I'm sorry.

I beg your pardon.

You don't.

But that's what it is on the title.

That's not all you.

Did you create the show?

Oh, I did not create the show, but I just thought I got it wrong.

That is the title age.

What is it?

AFV.

That's what they put up on the screen sometime.

That's not all you mean.

That's not me.

That's not my fault.

That's not my bad.

That's not all anybody here unless somebody hears the creator.

Does your boss still talk to Alfonso?

It's actually really sad, man.

Oh, no.

That's what happened.

Here we go.

Because the reunion specials coming up in a few weeks on HBO Max.

That's right.

And I'm not here to promote that at all.

But you know, So wait, what did you get involved in that?

Did you have to give them catch phrases for that?

Man, I had to give them so many.

Can I tell y'all a secret?

Yeah.

I can't tell nobody this.

And I hope that this is in publishing any former shape.

But, Okay, don't worry about that.

Kevin's nodding.

I was a young kid who was playing basketball one day.

And I did some stupid shit.

And my mama said, That's it.

You moving with your auntie, your uncle and Belair.

What?

And then I whistle for a cab and when it came near.

It had some dice in the mirror.

But if anything, you that sounds rare.

Yeah, your whole life was turned.

What is it?

Flip upside down.

Just give it a head.

Sorry.

Again, I've never seen that.

That sounds rare.

Well, I guess you're moving with your auntie and uncle and Belair.

So wait, this whole thing was based on you and Will Smith stole it?

I mean, he ain't steal it.

Okay.

He said he was going to pay me.

It just has to be.

He probably has.

How about, do you have?

I look at your desk right now.

You have like just piles and piles of checks.

Yeah, these are probably like residual checks.

I don't open the mail since anthrax.

Dude, he's paying you racks.

That's old.

He's paying you in checks.

You're probably a millionaire by now.

You created the show, Fresh Prince of Belair and you haven't eaten.

I haven't eaten.

I'm just out here spitting out new ideas.

You know what I'm saying?

And I open up one of those checks.

I just open it.

Check and read it.

One check and read it just I've always wanted to check to be involved in anything that got to check that bit.

It's green and it says right is Guild of America on it.

Okay.

Yes.

That is a good thing to see when you open a mail by the way, a green check.

You know, that's that's when they're worth a lot of money.

Hell yeah.

Because they're green green like money.

They're green like money.

What's to say?

This says $1 million from the pilot of Fresh Prince of Belair.

Just from the pilot.

Dude.

The seasons.

They sold it.

Turn it up.

Don't.

Oh my God.

I don't even understand why you would tear it up.

No sense.

Yeah.

It makes sense, man.

Sherry because you ain't cashing your damn checks, Jerry.

I'm hoping because Will Smith ain't feed me.

Jerry, let me be your business manager.

Please sign all your checks over to me.

I'll only take I'll only take 90%.

90.

That's not bad.

Oh, man.

Oh, wait, wait, wait, man.

I can't you can't be taking advantage of my whole week like this.

Jerry.

Jerry, man.

I take these checks at the bank deposit them in a bank account.

Do you have a bank account?

Yeah, by my friend's scoop, he says that if I give him 50, he'll hold it for me.

Okay.

No, no, no.

Jerry, wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

Scott, I think I might have a new job.

Don't throw a bunch of me with your stretch arm.

Strong.

I miss the job.

I'm a coach anyone Scott because this job I'm creating on my own.

You're a job creator.

I am a job creator.

I'm a small business.

I will be a money manager, Jerry.

I like this man.

I like this, bro.

I will only take the job that I said I wanted.

I love creating a new job.

50% 15.

Yeah, I'm a lot lower than 90.

I like that.

I'm under you.

I couldn't do less than 87.

So, you know, I'll throw this out there.

I'm an actuary.

I think I'm the only person here qualified to actually manage money for anybody.

Probably.

I'll do it for 1% and I'll invest the other 99 in bobbleheads.

Can we get some Will Smith bubble heads?

Absolutely.

Will Smith bubble heads?

We only have one so far.

What's it from?

It's from I am legend right at the beginning of the movie.

So, the dog is still there.

Yes, spoiler, spoiler.

A lot of dogs in that room.

Yeah.

Wow.

What do you say?

Who are you going to go with?

The guy who will only take 87%?

The guy who's going to probably do a bad job for 15% or the guy who's going to invest 99% of your money in bobbleheads.

Now can I be honest with y'all?

Y'all are throwing money at me.

That doesn't make sense.

Can we have a new set of pitches?

Tell you what, you tell me what you will feed me.

I'll give you a sandwich for lunch, toast and coffee for breakfast.

Because you're in a hurry.

I am always on the go.

And I'm at a nice 7 course meal for dinner.

7 course.

We have a secondi.

And everything.

He's going around the world.

There's so many courses.

I'll do that every day and you just give me all your money.

Okay.

I'll give you two lasagnas.

This is the Garfield diet.

You don't have to be on the car.

You don't have to do the corn dog.

Two packs of gushers.

You're from the foot.

But the good fruit by the foottrader Joe's.

I'll give you Chicago style popcorn mix.

That's how you have to eat popcorn.

Ask me Chicago.

And thin crust, a deep dish.

And I'll give you one of those every single day with a yoo hoo and six glasses of water.

Okay.

Thank you.

All right, Darren.

What do you got?

Eight glasses of water to start the day.

Just start the day.

How long does that take?

I don't know.

How long does it take you to drink eight glasses of water?

I'm just saying, when does he actually get any real food?

Oh, well, that's just the way you start the day to make sure that you're hydrated.

You drink eight glasses of water first thing in the morning?

Yeah, absolutely.

Get it out of the way.

And then you don't drink any water the rest of the day?

Then I wait 10 minutes and I take the biggest pee of my life.

Every day it's the biggest of your life.

So it increases every day.

Every day always work on yourself, Scott.

Then glucose amine tablets because we are men of a certain age.

Chewable gummy vitamins.

Chobani, black cherry.

The best flavor.

This sounds horrible.

Continue.

What else?

Get to the good stuff.

OK, coffee with a little half and half.

A little?

Yeah.

You're skimping on the half and half with him?

How much do you want?

He's trying to make a deal here, but as much as he wants.

I think I'm staying consistent with my character by offering some bad things.

He's right.

Your cannon's not complicated.

Simple cannon.

That's breakfast.

Lunch is scrambled eggs with an entire avocado smashed into them.

It's a pretty much lunch.

Damn.

I didn't think of that.

And dinner is $15 for takeout.

Wait, so you're giving him a per diem?

So I got the big one I want for dinner.

That's right.

We already know you don't want to do this.

So you're out.

Are you like Mr. Wonderful?

I'm sure you're out.

Who are you going to pick between me and Rudy?

I'm going to have to go with Rudy.

Yes.

It's from all those million classes of water to end the day.

Six classes of water.

Because eight to start is a lot.

That's a lot of time.

But to end the day you want to catch up on this day.

All right.

Well, Rudy, you're a millionaire now and that's canon, unfortunately.

OK, OK, that's fine.

We could just add that I'm a million.

Not a big deal.

It is a big deal.

This is going to change your whole character.

You don't need jobs.

You don't need jobs anymore.

I am going to be independently wealthy from now on.

I will no longer be talking about jobs.

That is my kid.

We need to call kick boss again, maybe.

We don't have time.

We only have one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Oh, what's your nut?

What?

The nut?

Your nut?

What?

The nut?

What's our nut?

Yeah, what's your nut?

I just don't want to ask that way.

Nice.

That was what's your nut by the human neighbor.

That was, I believe, me and Michael Bryan from a couple of weeks ago.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging here?

Rudy, what do you got?

So I have a friend.

His name is Sean Diston.

And he has a Patreon where I think you might be involved with this guy.

Oh, I know that guy, Sean.

I mean, mainly I know my roommate, Sprague the Whisperer.

Mm-hmm.

He's a guy who I guess has been siphoning off talent of other people to do podcasts on his network.

So he has a bet.

I do a podcast where I'm looking for a job on his network and then Scott, apparently, you're on there somehow.

Yeah.

Is that what it is?

It's a network that he has?

Yeah, yeah.

It's a network somehow.

It's called the Church of Sean Diston on Patreon.

Yeah, I do the show on there about the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles with Sprague.

The Whisperer.

That's right.

And I see him in the background sort of shaking his head still from the Donatello.

I'm so upset.

He's so pissed that you don't know who Donatello is.

So last week we released an episode with Tatiana, Maslani, and Christian Bruin, both from Orphan Black, where we talked about the TMNT cartoon.

TMNT cartoon.

Yeah.

And then next week we- I listened to that and that movie, not so good.

But yeah, I don't want to spoil it.

He don't spoil anything.

And then don't we have an episode coming up next week?

We've got an episode coming up next week with this guy named Paul F. Tompkins.

And I'm sure if he were here, he would plug this.

He'd just probably plug it.

If he were here, he'd be like, I got something to plug.

My appearance on a person's Patreon named Sean Diston.

But if you like talking about the Ninja Turtles, you like hearing Scott, if you like hearing voices similar to mine, you might want to become a patron on my Patreon.

I mean, Sean, this is Patreon.

Yeah, okay.

That's canon.

It's Sean Diston.

Okay, that's canon.

All right, we got through it.

Darren Medicek, what do you want to plug?

I plug all the normal things that I usually plug when I'm on here.

Right to gemstone season one on HBO Max shrink on the NBC app.

But look forward.

At some point this fall to a short feature called John Bronco.

It's about the- Is this about a guy who falls off the back of a horse and gets dragged?

It sounds like you're dragging me right now.

I don't want to give you any ideas.

It's about the former Ford pitchman named John Bronco that the car was named after.

Oh, that sounds interesting, maybe.

It's starring Walton Goggins.

So you know- Okay, getting better.

Now I'm hungry.

It's going to be great.

It's also starring people like Tim Meadows, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Dennis Quay.

It's a Veronica Mars writer?

Yeah.

Dude is a- He's got a good job.

We got a he on Belair.

He's got a good job.

You know, and Tim Meadows guy, he's maybe my favorite Tim actor there is.

Yep.

Of all time.

I have to agree.

He's pretty good.

My second favorite Tim actor is in a two, a guy named Tim Balz.

What the hell?

Okay.

Yeah.

But Tim Meadows is definitely top billing as far as the Tim's in the cast.

Hell yeah.

All right.

Amazing.

And Jerry Major, what do you want to plug?

Yeah, you know, when I'm looking at these scripts and deciding if they're good for well, I like to listen to this podcast called Culture Kings.

So if you all want to check that out and then also this other podcast.

What is Culture Kings?

Tell us about it.

What is it?

You know, is these two guys that, you know, they like to talk about pop culture, you know, whether it be movies or TV shows and then they bring on their famous guest and, you know, try their best to do an interview about pop culture with them, but they usually get in their own way.

Ah, sounds good.

And that's on the Ear Wolf network, right?

That is.

Yes, our sold anywhere selling these, right?

Oh, I sell them individually all the time.

Yeah.

Good.

And what I'm sorry, I don't mean interrupt you, but what else?

No, you didn't interrupt me at all, but you know, check out Gemini man.

Sure.

Independence Day.

But did you get paid twice for Gemini man?

I did.

There's two Will Smith's.

There's two Will Smith's and I got paid twice and it was the best.

It was the best paycheck I've ever had in the man.

You've never opened.

Was it that really fun riff at the end about both of them being very hungry?

That's right.

And then it was like, no, I'm hungry.

No, I'm hungry.

And then one of them just eats the other one.

That was a good.

That's the trailer alert.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a see when you're worn up close it up.

You bleed with an L and then you hold.

You bleed up the plug bag, open up the plug bag.

Shake your hands and open it up.

The generation you're coming in and he just says, open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open it up the plug bag.

Keep it fucking open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much.

Rudy, always great to see you.

Great to see you.

I hope you keep it just at this level.

I'm feeling good just to recap previously on Comedy Bang Bang.

I have my powers back.

I'm working as a Zoom security guard, but I did get a new job as Jerry Miners.

Jerry Major.

And it's not, by the way, you're not a parody of Jerry Minor.

You're not a parody of Jerry Minor.

You're never a parody a legend.

All right, good.

One thing we know about Jerry Minor is he loves money.

That's just a name that your parents came up with separate from him independently and had no bearing on Jerry Minor.

Absolutely not.

All right, great.

A friend of the show.

So now you are independently wealthy.

You have millions and millions of dollars.

Millions of dollars.

That is my cannon.

And that is what my cannon will be.

Simple stuff.

Darren Matichak speaking of simple stuff.

Great to see you.

Thanks for having me stop by, Scott.

Someday I'd love to drag you through the National Bobblehead Museum in Hall of Fame while I drink a beer.

Oh, that's part of it.

You drink a beer during this?

Yeah, usually.

It's tough work.

So you got to unwind while it's happening.

It's thirsty work.

But speaking of the opposite of thirsty, hungry, Jerry Major, great to meet you.

Great success.

I'm sorry we're not working together, but it was certainly a pleasure having you on the show.

I tried to get Will on that between two firms movie that you did.

Yeah, I bet you did, but we were so selective and would not let him be on it.

A lot of cutting roof floors.

Yeah, what would you have done to like punch up the, like say, Zach were to say one of his famous zingers about Will Smith, you know, gosh, if I had to write one on the spot without looking at his IMDB, it would be very hard.

But oh, okay.

Men in blood.

No, I don't want to say anything about that.

The karate, no, I don't want to say anything about the secret life of bees, more like the secret life of D minuses.

There you go.

Uh, Zach, I don't know why you would do something like that.

I took time out of my day to come sit here in this chair and, you know, do this interview with you and look, man, I have a toss here.

I respect you.

I respect that you since the hangover.

I even like your show baskets and, you know, I just wish that you would have just taken the opportunity to realize, damn, I'm hungry.

Okay.

He's back.

He got it.

Well, I hope the mobsters never catch up to you.

Oh, and you can get back to your basketball game.

Oh, man, it's going to be a fun time.

It's going to be quick.

What's that knock on the door?

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, you have to know good.

I'm down to my neighborhood.

Explosion.

Oh my God.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

I'm going to go ahead and see if I can get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit.
