---
layout: page
title: 675. Arden Myrin, Lauren Lapkus, Brian Jordan Alvarez [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-675-20200924-MyrinLapkusAlvarez-ACv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫♫♫♫ The enemy of my enemy is my friend, but the friend of my friend is 21, so he can get his booze. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, thank you too. I believe we have a newcomer, Space Bong!

Space Bong!

For that wonderful catchphrase submission, and boy, that is blowing my mind. Can you imagine a space Bong?

I don't know whether it's a Bong that comes from space and resides here on Earth and has special space powers, or whether it's a Bong that exists only in space, and we have to travel to it.

But let's get the boys in NASA. And of course the women in NASA! There are many Sally Ride, of course!

And you know Sally Ride, she's one of those rare people whose last name is a verb that she actually did.

She rode that spaceship or whatever it was, a rocket, I don't know.

We can all aspire to that. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

This is another episode for you.

I don't think I've ever said that before. This is another episode for you.

My name is Scott Ockerman. I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

We have a wonderful show.

Coming up we have a movie buff. That's interesting. It'll be great to ask them about all of their movie trivia knowledge.

I don't know whether they just watch a lot of movies and don't retain any of the knowledge about the trivia, or whether they know a lot about trivia. We will certainly ask them about that.

We also have an educator, very important these days. An educator with remote learning these days.

All sorts of questions to ask them. But before we turn to those two, we have to get to our first guest.

And she is a comedian. She is an actress. You may remember her from such shows as Mad TV.

Others. Kind of blanking, but we can ask her about that.

She has a new book out.

Just came out. It's called Little Miss, Little Compton. And it's her first time on the show.

But we've known each other forever. Please welcome to the show, Arden Marine. Hello.

Hello, Scott. Thank you so much for having me. I'm happy to be here.

Oh, you got it all out right in the first sense. Happy New Year. Thank you for having me.

All the pleasantries in one sentence. And that is what Arden Marine does.

I do it. The whole book is just, it's 250 pages of pleasantries.

Just thank you so much for buying this book. Thank you. I would not mind that.

I think that it's like daily affirmations in a way. It makes me feel good.

I truly, it actually might be what this garbage fire of a year needs.

I feel like people might feel good about them. Like you're doing great.

You stand those sweatpants. Keep on keeping on. That's the whole book.

Thank you. But thank you for buying the book, mainly. Arden, it's great to see you filming in Mad TV.

And I know there's something in the back of Insatiable Shameless Chelsea lately.

Insatiable and shameless. Those are like two adjectives titles.

Yes. Do they describe the protagonists which reside therein?

You know what? You sound like a movie buff yourself, Scott.

They sure do.

Are these movies too? These are the television programs.

They sure do.

The lead character of Insatiable was both physically insatiable.

Every character was insatiable. I myself played a bad guy, Scott. I was a murderer.

A murderer? Who did you murder? Was it justified or was it?

I mean premeditated. I murdered a lot of it. It was a serial killer, Scott.

What is this? I've never heard of this. What is it?

It's called Insatiable. It had a Alyssa Milano. It had Debbie Ryan.

You probably don't watch Disney shows. I don't know.

Oh, it was a Disney show, but it sounds very dark.

No, it was a Netflix, but the star of it was Disney.

What are we talking about right now? The star of it was Debbie Ryan.

Let's stop talking about Insatiable. We're here to talk about you.

What was the other one shameless? I know that one. That's that dude who paid to send his daughter to school.

William H. Macy.

Did that ever come up when you were filming?

I was with him beforehand. I will say he was a delight to work with.

He played, what if he just confessed? He confessed it to me before he was like, hold on on. Before we shoot the scene.

I know we're only doing five episodes together, but I've got to tell you something.

I'm going to get this off my chest.

Did we do the right thing? I know they probably could have gotten it on their own, but he actually, he was lovely.

He played the ukulele between takes, not in a creepy, annoying way, but in an charming way.

Was it good ukulele playing or was it that kind of ukulele playing where you're like, oh, this guy just picked it up this week and he's annoying.

No, I know exactly what you're talking about. I actually know exactly.

I've seen that on some people who are like, I need to add music into my life.

I can do the ukulele. I need to add another quirk.

My pork pie hat isn't doing it for me.

He didn't seem twee. He didn't seem like an affectation.

I felt that perhaps he could also play a banjo.

I felt that he actually knew how to play other instruments.

It wasn't just his pork pie hat and his pie hat. It's such a great word. It means exactly what it means.

Then you add a letter to it and it can mean something different.

Tweep. It's a Twitter, it's a short form of queef.

We've covered your exhaustive filmography.

Insatiable shameless.

Chelsea Lately. You're also a stand-up comedian.

You've been out there pounding the pavement.

Pounding the pave.

Just getting out there telling jokes.

National headliner, nationally recognized headliner.

Now you are turning your attention to the printed word.

Are you not?

Papyrus.

What exactly? I know there's a store called Papyrus.

What does Papyrus mean?

It's that back in ancient Egypt they discovered that if they, I don't know how they made ink. Anyone know how they make ink?

I don't know. I guess they learned they could write upon it.

Do I sound smart right now?

You did actually. I believe you do. I was actually, I was like, look at Scott go. Look at that. I didn't know that about Scott.

But it's the antecedent of paper.

Okay. Okay. I literally, I never quite knew what it was.

And now that I'm an author, I'm real fancy Nancy.

I should know words like that.

You should know everything.

How is the binding on this book?

It's pretty good. I have to say.

It's pretty good. And if you take it.

Is it glued? Is it sewn?

It's, oh, you know what? Let me check it out.

I actually think it's glued.

I'm checking it out. But first, first, small book, glued is okay.

It's probably glued. And I have to say, if you're buying just for design, it's got a cute cover.

But if you take the cover off, it's got a nice white cover with some orange lettering, which is pretty exciting.

If you're like trying to do this sort of, you know, some West Anderson vibes in your bookcase, it looks good with or without a cover.

If you're buying just for design purposes and not for reading.

I have a friend, by the way, who, who stores his books on the bookshelf according to color.

That's insane, right?

A lot of people do that.

I know it looks great, but it's insanity.

It is insanity because then you also can't get rid of any of this.

Say at a certain point, you're like, it's time for, what if, what if that's the only one you haven't read?

It makes me panic for you, son.

You think people get rid of books not add to their collection?

Is that your experience?

I have a very small house. And so for me, how small is it?

It's 1100 square feet.

I've lived in 300 square feet.

Boy, this is a bad episode of Match Game.

It's 1100 square feet.

So it's, but yes, I, I'm a slow reader. So I used to keep every book, but then I realized I didn't have places for them.

So there you go.

Wait a minute, you're a slow reader. So you used to keep every book, meaning you bought a bunch of books and you read them concurrently, but they were so, you were so slow at it that you had to keep them all until you finished all of them.

That's exactly right. It was the world's worst plan.

No, it was, if whenever I would actually finish a book, it felt like such a victory.

I needed to keep it as like a trophy, like a serial killer.

Check out what I did.

Oh, yes.

Like I did. Like the victory.

It took me like eight months to read that.

So that's my, I kept it like a trophy to prove that.

This, by the way, is not a bad idea for a serial killer book.

Yes.

Speaking of your next book about a serial killer who takes a book from each of his victims, his or her victims, although.

Color coded.

And that's how you know.

Technically 95% of serial killers are male.

Yes.

But it, and, and it's a trophy. And then.

Yes.

The, there's a detective who like is looking around the room and they're checking out clues and there's no clues.

He's so good at murder.

He doesn't make a trace.

Not a trace.

No, no follicles, no blood spatter.

No.

And then the detective checks out the library and says the color coded is a mess.

Look at this. There's a book missing.

And then yeah, it's, it's done by color coding.

So he can't just like it's not done by author.

So it's like, it would be easy if it was done by author.

Oh, Melville.

There's a space where Melville should be.

That's right.

Moby Dick.

No, he color.

He murders according to the rainbow.

Like a red yellow orange.

He's so murder according to the rainbow.

They know a green book is going to be missing next because last week was blue.

And they call him the rainbow killer.

Scott, you need to, you need to register this.

You need to register this.

This is my idea.

Even though we came up with this is my idea.

Oh, I, I felt like we measured it together.

You're going to write it for, you're going to go straight for it.

Well, I, I said wait a minute.

So how did, but you're going to get all the royalties on.

I'll get, I'll give you 20 cents on the dollar.

You know what I'll say.

Okay.

Speaking of 20 cents on the dollar and books, I'm not sure how the former fits into this, but we, we're both holding up our copies of it.

I wrote a whole book.

Scott, I'll tell you here's the, here's the two second pitch.

It's a.

Two seconds.

All right.

Here we go.

Okay.

Here's, here's the, here's a one minute pitch.

Is it really funny?

Two walks.

Okay.

Here's a 30 second pitch.

Okay.

22 seconds.

I'll split it.

Okay.

Let me get my timer app.

Okay.

Great.

Let me get my whole, I gotta get the clock app.

Okay.

Tell me what I updated.

So my apps are in different places.

Let's see.

I go to stop.

I hope you look for it for 122 seconds.

Okay.

So then I get 22 to tell you.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Okay.

So lap, no, I don't want to press that.

All right.

I'm going to press star.

All right.

Ready?

Tell me.

Two, one.

Go.

My parents married on a dare.

They weren't dating.

They were coworkers.

Everybody got two weeks, but if you got married, you got four weeks.

They met in New York City and they were like, you know what?

When we have kids, let's move to this tiny town of Rhode Island called Little Compton Rhode Island where there's a general store, no stoplights and a literate chief of police where I was born and wackiness ensued and it's a fun quirky Burke about a girl with stars and a rise who makes, there we go.

I got it out.

Wow.

Did you leave anything unsaid and don't tell me what it is.

No, that's the whole book.

Just get it.

Yes or no?

Murder.

Yes.

Now I have read excerpts of this book and when I say I read excerpts, I basically had time to read like one chapter, but it sounds a little more official when I say I read excerpts.

Like you sent me excerpts or something.

You know what?

I read like the first chapter maybe then I skipped a little bit ahead.

I love it.

But it's a very funny book.

It's subtitled a memoir.

A memoir.

That wasn't a memoir.

That was not my doing.

It makes me, but I feel like all of a sudden I feel fancy.

Like a fancy lady.

Who did this?

Who did this to you?

Is there some sort of person in charge of books?

The publisher.

This is a memoir.

The publisher added a memoir.

Why are we both shouting?

I don't know.

I got excited.

I'm still so stunned that I wrote a whole book.

I'm so excited.

This is exciting.

This is, I'm excited for you.

I can't even imagine doing something like this.

It was, I took a lot of naps and then, you know, facing the page every day.

It's like, oh, I got a sweet release of nap time.

So that was that the gift you give yourself after you wrote a certain number of pages?

Is like get to go back to sleep.

Oh, for sure.

I mean, you know, when you have to do something where you have, are you a napper, Scott?

I do like to.

You know, God, this is too hard of a question.

I don't like to get named in my personal life.

Should I time you?

Okay, I get that.

Okay, tell me about your stuff.

I will say when I, when I, when I don't want to do something, like there was something that was so daunting about the blank page and then knowing that I had, that I would get going and it felt so overwhelming that I literally, like my eyes would roll back in my head and just, I would just take a nap and it really, there was a lot of, I would say this was at least a 42 nap.

42 napper.

Yeah, 42 naps writing.

Amazing.

But you'll have none reading it.

You're just going to barrel through.

I hope that would be in the information, you know, the library of Congress information elicited like how many naps the author took while they were writing.

Yes.

You know, all these authors, they talk about the how just daunting the blank pages.

I say take a different book and then just start taking out words.

It's like a sculpture.

That's exactly right.

You have a big block of wood and then you take out stuff to make, you know, the statue of David or whatever, take someone else's book and just edit it and take other, you know, words out and then you have your own book.

This actually started out as Hamilton, that book about Hamilton and I actually removed enough books and I made it into my memoir.

Just change it.

Yeah, literally just change all the character names.

Yeah, I changed all the character names.

My brother is Aaron Burr.

Tell us about one of the chapters I read is about your father's unusual eating habits.

Say, can you give us, I found this astounding.

Give us a little synopsis of how he would eat.

My dad was obsessed with his weight and he had so many weird diets that he would put himself on.

But it sounds like from what he would eat, he was obsessed with keeping it on more than I know, you would think so there would be a variety of things.

So he would have like, he went on the sheepcake diet where he was so addicted to sugar for a while he was only eating like little round like with equivalent of like Ralph's or Vaughn's bakery cakes, birthday cakes.

And then he realized that if he switched to she cakes that there was less icing per slice that and he actually, he went, he lost weight when he switched from the round birthday cakes to the sheet cake that was an effective diet for him.

Okay.

So he had a better diet that he went on and this was really one of the more extreme ones.

So he would make food and then like age it.

He would sort of.

This is, this is one thing that I wanted to highlight.

This is just, I cannot fathom the, the psychology behind this.

Yeah.

How would he, he would, he would essentially he'd make a sandwich, right?

He would make a bologna sandwich.

Bologna sandwich.

And then he would put it on top of the fridge and he would age it like for like a day.

So it was sort of like, crusty like toast, even though he had a toaster.

And then so he would age it, but then he also started doing it with desserts where I found this like hammer out on our counter one day.

And I was like this rusty old hammer and I put the hammer away.

And then later in the day I heard, God damn it, who moved my cookie hammer?

And then I was like, what, what, what's a cookie hammer?

And then it turned out he'd been buying gigantic like, um, mostly dinner, dinner plate size cookies at the ice cream parlor, aging them next to the sandwiches on top of the fridge.

So the point where they were so hard, because he thought it would make, it would make, it take longer to eat it.

You can't eat a whole cookie Scott.

If you can't bite it, if you can't bite it, if you, if it tastes bad, you can eat the whole thing.

So then he would smash the, so it would be so hard that he would hit it with a, he'd have to, he couldn't even just break off a piece.

He would need to smash it with a hammer and then he would dunk it into like tea and then suck it down.

Cause he still needed that cookie, but it wasn't so much.

So he's, he's aging it, make it hard, but then dunking it in tea as to make it soft.

Does that mean that, that he can eat more of it?

I mean, the guy have a lot of games with himself.

It's, yeah.

It definitely is.

If you think your family's wacky, read about mine.

It'll make you feel better about yourself.

There's a certainly wacky and then he would also hover, he didn't want to sit down to eat.

Is that right?

No, he never ate with us.

And he believed that he really felt like if calories don't count, if you're standing up and then they also, if it was other people, because you're exercising.

Yeah.

Exercising.

Yeah.

And if you're, if you're eating somebody else's food, it doesn't count.

So I am the grossest, fastest eater you will ever, so, cause he would like circle the table.

He would refuse to eat with us, but he would.

You would pace around the table to get his steps in while you see.

He had just been bent on.

He's trying to get to 10.

And then he would dive in like a hungry helicopter and he would never use their fork.

And he would use his fingers to cut.

I mean, is this not the grossest, particularly in COVID times picturing this, he would come up with his little dirty fingers and just like eat your food.

And you found out he never washed his hands.

He never washed his hands.

Did you go into that?

How did you figure that out?

My brother and I, we realized we both, we've confirmed as a adult.

And again, writing this, I'm like, was this real?

I was like, all right, were you, were we ever taught to wash our hands?

And he said, no, we were not.

And I knew, no, my mom last year made fun of my friend for being like, well, she buttered kid over, made them wash their hands before like mocked them for washing their hands.

But so my, and my brother said he, like, you know, two years ago, went to a movie with my dad, they went into the men's room, they used the urinal, all right, went and washed his hands.

And then will he went straight back out.

So, so he's diving in using his dirty hands.

His dirty piss hands.

His piss hands are coming in.

His movie watching piss hands.

His, he would also go to a movie a day.

You know, that was the other thing.

He would go to one movie per day.

Every day.

So 365 movies a year or 366 depending on the year, depending on the year.

You know, I don't know, maybe our movie of fishy and auto, we could ask about that.

But movie buff movie buff.

I don't know whether they are an aficionado.

I'm so sorry.

I don't want to put that on them.

You're absolutely right.

I'm going to get cocky.

He, he would go to a movie a day because he thought if he was, he would, he didn't want to eat.

So he thought that if he went to a movie a day that was like three hours, he would just have a gigantic, gigantic big gulps of Diet Coke.

It was not the hell he wasn't.

So he was not, he was not getting movie snacks.

He felt that was two hours where he could occupy his mind.

Yeah.

So that he wasn't focusing on food.

Yes.

And he saw everything.

He saw Spice Girls in the Hannah Montana.

He saw the Twilight move, all the Twilight movies, literally everything.

I think that keeps you young, by the way.

You know what he did know a lot about pop culture and.

Oh man, I would have loved to have seen him go up against our movie buff.

God, wouldn't that be great?

Oh, we've only.

If only I don't want to spoil the ending of the book, but that is not possible.

That's probably not, I mean, I don't know.

Maybe it was a hologram we could dig up of him somewhere.

They could go because of the movie.

By the way, circling back to something you said earlier, the hungry helicopter.

That's another book.

The hungry.

Oh my, that's a children's book.

There's my children's book.

I mean, I see it more of as a Harry Potter book that can appeal to adults written by the notorious T.E.R.F.

Of course, JK Rowling.

And I.

You got to register that.

You got to register that, Scott.

Hungry helicopter.

Yeah, definitely.

I mean, I hate to add something onto your plate much like, unlike your dad taking away things from your plate.

You know what?

I need to write this for me as well.

But you're going to get all the money.

I don't understand how the, I don't.

We'll work out all the details afterwards.

It's going to be good.

20 cents on the dollar.

I mean, you know, for a children's book, we're talking more like 12.

But you said it wasn't a children's book.

You just said that.

I mean, you categorize it as a children.

I'm just using your words.

Oh, OK.

Well, that sounds fair.

But speaking of using your words, people can pick up this book.

It's called Little Miss Little Compton and they can use your words to insert them into their brains and then they can register these words as coming from you.

And yes.

And then they can edit out my words and make their own book.

Make their own book.

They can pay it forward.

Exactly.

Now, tell me briefly about the title Little Miss Little Compton.

You come from a town called Little Compton.

I'm from a town.

Oh, I thought it was Little Miss Little Compton.

I wish it had a town.

And you could have been Miss Little Miss Little Compton.

Miss Little Miss Little.

It loves pageants.

There was a town completely devoted to pageants.

No, it's a town called Little Compton.

It is truly, again, moving my parents move from New York City.

So the difference was vast.

And the biggest city in the world to the smallest city on Earth.

On Earth.

Did you know that stealing mail was a federal crime, Scott?

I did not know, but now I have to adjust my schedule.

Just do like a lot of time is opened up this week.

Just to pick it up.

Well, the reason I know that was growing up in my town, a lot of mail went missing.

And they couldn't figure out who the thief was.

And they found out that it was a local pet crow named Po the Crow.

They had been flying around and stealing people's mail.

And then they actually, they had to put the crow on house arrest because it was a federal crime.

And it lived the rest of its days as an indoor crow.

Encaptivity.

And that's the crow on the cover with the mail on his beat.

Oh, that's what that is.

That's what that is.

Oh, that's, oh, he's a bad, bad apple, Scott.

The same thing happened in my town where all of our neighbors mail was getting stolen, but it turned out it was just my brother.

Was that true?

Is that true?

And big scandal.

Was your brother older or younger and did who caught him?

That's an interesting question, the former one.

I don't know.

As for who caught him.

I believe one of our neighbors set up a sting operation where they just sat there looking at their mailbox all day.

Yes.

And then I cut down my neighbor's flowers and then set up a flower stand and tried to sell them back to them on the side of the road.

But that's not a federal crime, Scott.

Were you purposefully trying to sell it back to only them or you were trying to sell to anyone and they came by the.

You know, I wish it was just only a big power play of like, I'm going to cut down your fucking flowers and sell them back to you.

That's right.

I was a little tiny lady dick on the table and I was like, try and stop me.

Mrs Anderson, these are your fucking catcals.

I just called the clitoris, by the way.

I don't know if you've been to a doctor recently.

No, I've never been to a doctor.

I've never.

I don't know about the body.

I've never seen myself undressed, Scott.

I don't know anything to be under there.

Literally anything.

There is something the also the agent, ancient and the agents in Egypt created, which is the mirror.

I love an agent in Egypt.

They can run a tight ship.

Look, I represent this guy, King Tutankhamen.

He's young.

He's a king.

Yeah.

He's going to go down buried with a lot of treasures.

How many pages is this book?

And where did it debut upon the New York Times bestseller list?

Well, it hasn't come out yet.

So we'll say number one.

It's coming out as number one.

Comes out Tuesday.

I don't know when this comes out.

Oh, okay.

It comes out tomorrow so people can.

Oh, good.

It's all about the pre-orders.

So it's all up to you guys to push it from number two to number one on the bestseller list.

That's right.

And there's only 240 pages.

It's a fast read because you know this was written by a lady who took a lot of naps.

It's very funny and it's just a heart.

It's a fast read for most people, but not for you.

How long would it take you to read it?

I would say about three years and then I put it on my trophy shelf.

And then when somebody comes and murders me and they remove it, they'll know it was just my time.

Well, wonderful.

Art and Marine.

She's one of America's great voices, great talents.

She has a book out there that is in stores tomorrow.

Little Miss Little Compton, a memoir by Art and Marine.

People can get it tomorrow.

We have to take a break if that's okay.

Now, Art and I want you to stick around if that's okay because we have a movie buff coming up.

I was having been raised by a movie buff.

I can't wait.

Do you have questions?

You've watched a movie, haven't you?

I watched one movie.

You've been in a couple.

I was reading parts of the book where you were you went to Las Vegas to be in one that you don't need for some reason.

I know.

I could figure out what it was within.

Just one glimpse of your high-end TV.

Yes, it's literally like the spinest valing of life.

I don't want to say exactly why.

It's of interest to the...

I just was like, it's like the guy's thriving.

You don't even know.

It's not like he's like directing a movie after a movie.

He kind of just went to himself.

Does he?

Does he have some ropedes?

I'll look it up.

But get your movie questions.

Any sort of trivia, I don't know whether this person knows trivia or whether they just watch movies and then immediately forget them.

But we are about to find out.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have a movie buff.

We'll be right back with more Arden Marine.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

Comedy bang, bang, bang.

We are back.

Arden Marine, her book is Little Miss Little Compton, has a blurb from Chelsea Handler on the front and Zach Alfonakis on the back.

And that would be a good hairstyle.

Oh, if Chelsea Handler in the front.

Kelv andakis in the back.

That's going to be like a quote in a rap song.

Kind of like a mullet in a way if the Zach Alfonakis part is his beard.

It would be great to see like someone with a Zach Alfonakis beard in the back.

That would be amazing.

Just a really hairy neck and then some cute like blonde bangs in the front.

I would love male or female.

Male or female.

Or indeterminate.

I would love to see anyone rock that.

But unfortunately we have no time to request our listeners to send us pictures of that because we have to get to our next guest.

They are a movie buff.

Now this is exciting.

I don't know what movies they've seen but please welcome to the show, Shaden Galbreth.

Hey, how's it going?

It's going really well.

How are you, Shaden?

I'm doing really well actually.

Yeah.

You actually are really.

Yeah, I'm actually doing really well.

I've actually been doing really well during this time.

Yeah.

That's great.

Well, I would imagine for a movie buff such as yourself not being able to leave the house as long as you have a good internet.

You can stream the latest releases and you'd be able to catch up.

A lot on your pastime.

I've been able to watch a lot of films.

Yeah.

What's your last name, Shaden?

I didn't quite catch you.

Galbreth, Galbreth.

Did your ancestors have something wrong with their gallbladders so they had gallbreth?

My ancestors.

Here's what's up.

So I submitted my spit to 23andMe and they sent it back and said.

Did they ask for it or did you just?

I submitted it from an Instagram ad.

That's from Zoskot.

That's what's up.

They sent it back and they said, you're going to change history if we get into this stuff.

Oh, okay.

Because it is too much info.

So they just never gave you the information.

They said we can't get into it.

Your spit's too thick.

Too thick.

So you have thick spit.

Some have said, who are these people?

Doctors, lovers.

Oh, you know, a couple of the ladies.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

When you get deep in a French kiss, you know, a lot can go down.

Well, I can only imagine a French kissing someone with very thick spit.

It would almost be like being water boarded.

Okay.

Yeah, I did.

So Chadin, you, Chadin Galbreth, you're a movie buff.

You've been doing really well, actually.

And we do really well, so like in this time, I've been doing really well.

I've been doing really well.

So just in this time, you know, where things are so uncertain, but I'm finding a way to kind of just like make it work for me in this sense, you know?

Tell us about that.

Tell us.

I mean, I guess I was interested in the movie buff part of your resume, but we can talk about how you've been doing in this rough time for a little bit longer.

Yeah, I love to.

Absolutely.

I'd love to get into it.

I feel like it's really relatable content because, you know, we're living this time where there's everything so uncertain and there's no, you know, you said that four times now.

Yeah.

So here's the deal, Scott.

We're kind of getting into a new normal.

You know, we're kind of adjusting what we consider normal to be in a new normal.

And ultimately for me, it's been really great because, you know, I've dropped a lot of bad habits and adopt a lot of great.

Oh, what was a bad habit?

What did you get rid of?

What did you pick up?

One of my bad habits that I was doing regularly was actually my job.

I did not like the job that I had.

How were you employed pre-pandemic?

My pandemic, my employment was such.

Okay.

So I would leave the house at 706 a.m. every day on the dot and get myself in my car and of course find myself at my place of business, which ultimately was a very important place.

It was a place where, you know, goods are sold and so old.

You're sort of protecting something.

Is there something that you're buying?

I don't know whether, whether Chadin is being cagey or whether this is just the way Chadin is being used to be.

I would just ultimately work there for eight hours plus per day and on my way home, find myself getting home, you know.

So when I get home, I find myself having a snack and popping on a flick.

And now that I have all this time, I'm finding that I'm watching flicks all day and it's been so, so, so, so indubitably wonderful for me just to have this time.

Sure.

Okay.

Well, let's talk about the flicks as you call them or the movies, films.

You're a movie buff.

How many have you seen over the course of your life?

What did you say?

Oh, I mean, okay.

So I've seen probably, God, I could never even quantify such an amount.

I mean, I've seen all the films.

I mean, honestly, that's what's so amazing because, you know, when you get to conversation with people that you don't know, for example, me and talking to you guys right now, I don't know.

This is a good example of a conversation with people speaking who don't know each other.

And I don't know what films you've seen yet at the same time.

I feel I've probably seen them, do you know what I'm saying?

At the same time, you could probably list films that I haven't seen and I would know what they were, or at least I would say, oh, is that a film?

Sure, absolutely.

So what is a movie like a movie like Bubble Boy, for instance?

Oh, it's absolutely.

It's a fantastic film starring Tom Green.

Couldn't get out of that.

Couldn't get out of that little boy.

I believe Jake Gyllenhaal was a star of...

Exactly.

And so the brown hair and the ways in which they did, you know, so I love that film.

I think it was acting was incredible.

I was in that film, Chayden.

I was in that movie.

Did you...

I know, so I actually wanted to bring that up.

So how was your time experience working on that?

With Tom Green.

Yeah.

It was...

You know, it was really...

I got to work with Fabio.

I got to work with Beetlejuice, from Howard Stern.

Some of the great, some of the acting rights.

Oh, man, it would have been so good if it was Beetlejuice from Beetlejuice, though.

Because he's so funny.

He's so funny.

He's a great actor.

You know, he's one of those guys that you just can't look away from.

Yeah.

Do you have a favorite flick, Chayden?

Yeah.

You know, well, what I love about discovering within conversation is to kind of find what people enjoy and see if we have a crossover.

So I'm curious, Mr. Scott, like what ultimately for you is one of your favorite films.

You know, I enjoy films such as The Godfather, Raging Film, Apocalypse Now.

You know, Citizen Kane.

These are the types of films that I enjoy.

Citizen Kane, absolutely classic film.

Tell us about it.

Well, one thing people love so much about the Citizen Kane is that while it was in black and white, ultimately the rose bud wasn't color.

And that was one of the most innovative technologies.

Actually not true.

I think they use that technology for Schindler's list with a little girl's dress, spoiler alert.

I know.

But I, but spoiler alert, Mr. Scott.

There's a little girl she wears a dress.

I'm sorry to get that away, but absolutely you can't spoil it for me.

I've seen it all.

So I know that one.

Well, you're, I have to say, Chayden.

Albreth, for a film buff, you're getting a lot of the details incorrect about these films that you're discussing.

I'm always open to, you know, to discussion because I think one of the things that makes art so powerful is that we can have multiple opinions and point of views.

What was the last film that you saw?

Trolls World Tour.

Starring.

Fucking hilarious.

Starring Pink Eye, Blue Guy, the Green.

I guess I mean, the voices that voice the characters.

I love that little pink girl.

She's hysterical.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

And what I love so much about the film is that music was so powerful in that film.

You know, and I think what we don't, well, we don't recognize a lot of films and this is something that I've gotten, you know, I've leaned over years of watching films is that you need a score, you know, to really hit the emotion.

You're saying that movies need music in them?

This is my belief from all my experience of watching that I find that it really enhances it when there's music underlying the scenes because emotion is just out of this world.

Have you seen the movie that has no score?

You know, I did watch a film that had no score, no sound, nothing, no sound design of any sort.

It was barefoot in the park and I realized I had it on mute the entire time.

But what I'll tell you is that it was that it really lacked without having that.

Did you understand what was going on?

Or I can only imagine.

I think I got a lot of the points of it with the woman and man because, you know, at the root of it all, let me just say at the root of it all.

Yeah, let's boil this down.

Let's at the at the end of the day, at the root of it, every movie has the same plot.

Does it?

Boy meets girl, boy meets girl, boy falls in love with girl.

Okay.

Girl introduces a boy to dad.

Dad says no.

They get they don't get married.

And you'll find that that actually does map over every single film.

Yeah, I guess if you're, I mean, take another film in Trolls World Tour.

How did Oh, Trolls one.

Okay.

Trolls World Tour be fabulous.

So okay.

In that film.

So exactly what I'm saying.

So in that film, what happens is that so the girl, she's meeting the guy and they're on this sort of journey and ultimately her dad doesn't want her to be with him.

And at the end, the music does save everything because everybody realizes the.

But how does that matter?

You're forgetting what you just said, not 60 seconds ago.

How does that really come bad?

No, I mean, this is a combative.

I just have a I'm having a little difficulty understanding your point of view.

Guy, this happens a lot with strong men because strong men, when they meet each other face to face, they go, they go toe to toe and they will, they will slam each other down.

Like when we do this, we do this all the time, you know, men do this to each other.

Okay, I don't mean to go toe to toe with you or nose to nose or tip to tip or anything with you necessarily as much as I line up.

I'm extremely tall.

I actually am tall.

I say how tall are you?

How tall are you?

I'd like to hear you first and then I'll tell you how tall I am.

Okay, I'm six 11.

That's taller.

Okay.

So your tip really tall.

Your tip would actually go.

My tip would reach your belly button.

Yeah.

Yeah, that would be fun.

I'm sure you'd like that.

So how did you get interested in movies because it doesn't sound like you, you, you seem to have a lot of theories about them that are maybe a little, they make sense more in your head to you than us than us necessarily.

I don't know whether you're able to communicate them properly, but how did you get interested in film?

That was a little condescending.

You know, so ultimately I think I am able to communicate really well when I feel because I have these conversations in depth online and in person all the time.

This is actually my biggest passion.

So how did I get into film?

Yeah, well, it's a simple story.

So when I started out in this world, of course, I hadn't seen any films.

I was born.

As a baby.

I was born having no knowledge of film.

I didn't even know what it was.

And so to find me here now, it's amazing the journey I've been on because I truly came in with no experience, no family connection to film.

No, you know, there's no nepotism involved with this.

It's truly, I found it on my own.

I was a my.

What would nepotism to a film buff be like where your parents were film buffs?

Or yeah, and there's just this immediate intro.

You know, my mom didn't my mom.

My mom didn't really care about film.

My father also didn't really care about film.

So when was the first film that you ever saw?

Do you remember that experience sitting in the dark movie theater?

I remember extremely well.

So I was two and I was let into a movie theater by myself.

This was a.

Where do you where part of the world do you live in?

Chadin.

Me?

Yeah, you were I'm from any any any question directed to you.

You can just assume from now on when I say.

It's directed to you.

The city in which I'm from well, the original town in which I was born ultimately was in Georgia, but where I'm from, I guess I technically say I'm when I have to answer that question.

I say that I say I'm from Boise, Idaho, you know, when I have to answer.

So where were you as a two year old wandering?

Were you in Georgia or in?

Yes, at that time I was in a small town named Kelly, Georgia.

Okay, Kelly, Georgia and your parents, Kelly, sorry, Kelly, Kelly and your parents just let you loose into a movie theater and said, okay, you're on your own, Chadin.

So I had a sort of experience as a child that was very, very much mapping baby's day out where I was let loose into a city.

And suddenly was avoiding huge falling objects, construction sites.

Yes, absolutely.

And I found myself in a movie theater and I saw the first film that I'd ever but I ultimately would have ever seen at this point.

And which which film was that?

That film was well, it wasn't appropriate for a child.

Okay.

So is that narrow it down?

Well, what year was this?

Well given my age and where I'm from.

It was approximately your age minus everything but two.

Exactly.

And you go with numbers but so am I, you know, and the ways in which I've aged, they don't define me but they do add years in which I'm able to see more films.

And so I think this is like a time for me.

So it doesn't really narrow it down for me.

The only guess I have is baby's day out.

You would be right.

Wow, Mr. Scott.

Wow.

You are on a baby's day out situation.

Dodging rivets and girders, construction workers, holes in the ground, walking and or crawling rather probably upon planks that had just come down, you know, just in the last second in order for you to avoid, you know, dropping into a hole.

And then you find yourself in a theater that is showing a film that essentially is describing the journey that you had to get there.

It was unbelievable.

And when I say that film's not for children, what I mean as it inspires bad behavior, which I would not want any child to have.

So that film is really an adult film.

The film should be rated acts.

Wow.

I don't know whether.

I mean, R seems maybe a little more appropriate if you thought I mean X implies a hardcore sex happening in it, which I would say NC 17 would be that the most that I would give that.

Do you do you know what ratings are?

Have you do I know what ratings are?

See, this is a yes.

I know I do know what ratings are.

You have a through acts and you're able to go on based on age.

Hold on to the person.

So a is for someone who's one and under.

B is two, three, see, four D.

So you think a rated X movie should be for 26 or 24 year olds?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

So I was going to be at least 24 to one to baby say out.

Okay.

Interesting.

And then the part where there's that insane sex scene is really inappropriate for children.

Wait, there's a sex scene and babies.

I don't remember this.

The parents are finally alone for the first time since they had the kid.

So they got at it?

This may.

I'm not sure that you saw baby's day out as much as you saw baby's day out a porn parody.

It might have been called it might have been called Daddy's Day in.

I love that film.

All right.

Well, let's get some movie trivia out there.

You wrote to me before the show and said that you wanted to talk about interesting movie trivia.

Let's hear what you have to say.

What are some of those interesting, you know, a lot of people they watch films and they don't know the little details behind them.

Like I watched I watched Jaws with some friends recently and this was out of drive in of course.

My friend was texting me little details like, oh, this person was a local hire who never auditioned but did so well but then never moved out of the town that they filmed Jaws and what are some of those interesting details that we maybe don't know about films?

So okay.

I'm sure you're familiar with the film My Girl.

Yeah.

My Girl starring McCully Colkin and a bunch of bees.

Well, that's what they want you to think now.

So the moment when the bees attack and kill the child, spoiler alert, of course, in that moment those bees were completely fabricated by CGI.

I, you know, I don't know that that's necessarily true because as far as I can recall, my girl came out definitely in the early 90s but CGI, you know, was invented for the Terminator 2 and the Michael Jackson black and white video but I don't know whether it was in popular use by this point.

The way you're talking it's so interesting because it kind of sounds like you think you know a lot about films.

That's true.

Okay.

Maybe I don't know.

I mean, I guess no, I mean, hand in hand with, hand in hand was surprising trivia is the fact that it would surprise someone.

So I don't know why I'm doubting it because I am surprised.

There you go.

Okay.

So how about this one for you?

Okay.

In the film Star Wars, the 1977.

The original film.

One of the new hope.

Exactly.

So what are these people doing?

Starring Harrison Ford as Han Solo.

Absolutely.

One of the things people really don't know about this film and would be shocked to believe is that inside of the R2D2 costume was actually George Lucas and he desired to be in the film but didn't want to be seen.

George Lucas was R2D2?

He wasn't there.

I don't mean to quibble but it's listed as Kenny Baker.

It's called Quibi and it is.

I don't mean to Quibi either.

Quibi seems a little more up your alley I have to say for someone with a short attention span.

Yeah.

Like you.

It seems like maybe Quibi would be something that you'd be more interested in films.

Maybe you should turn yourself into a Quibi buff.

Oh.

I've actually, well, I have to tell you but I've seen everything on Quibi.

Everything?

Really?

The lady with the Golden Arm?

The rest?

I saw that.

I saw the murder flip house.

I saw.

Die heart?

Yep.

Wait, we can't be a Quibi podcast.

We're already a Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle.

By the way, have you seen any of those movies?

Yes.

I've seen all the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtle movies and here I'll give you a fun trivia since you seem to be intrigued by those.

So one of the things about the people are really surprised to know about the Ninja Turtle films is that they're actually written by a teenager and when he was, and they were, the films were found in a diary of his and he wrote about his experience meeting these Ninja Turtles in the street and how they helped him and this was shaped into the film.

So it was actually extremely important that a teenager had a play.

Okay.

A chadon.

Chadon, how old are you?

So when you think about the year in which I was born, uh huh, minus now.

You go 2020 minus the year you were born and that would be the age that I am.

So.

Chadon, are you?

Have you ever seen a movie?

So what, what the experience that I have?

Chadon.

Stop.

Dithering.

Just answer the question directly into the point.

Chadon, have you ever seen a movie?

Any movie?

I want, I want you to define what you're talking about because honestly I'm getting uncomfortable.

A movie is a, I don't know, Artin, how would you describe a movie?

It's a lot of pieces of long form entertainment.

Yeah.

Usually to qualify, it's longer than 75 minutes.

Yep.

It's between 70 Fino can go upwards to three hours or so.

Like 10 quibbies.

Yeah.

Approximately 10 quibbies.

But it's usually sort of, you do it in one sitting.

Back in the day you would do it out in public at a, in a movie theater.

In a public house where the lights would go down, popcorn would be served.

Yes, of course.

Have you ever experienced this?

Have you ever seen any movie?

Any movie?

Just a yes or no question.

Yes or no?

Just please.

I can't be.

Well, here's what I'm just struggling with the qualifiers.

I'm struggling because I don't like to be limited in my answering.

You're saying I have to say either yes or no.

I can't, I can't say anything about it.

Stop equivocating.

Please just tell us.

No.

Are you okay?

I thought so.

Why?

Happy?

What's going on?

I'm not lying.

I'm trying to just get through the conversation.

I mean, I think it's the thing.

By lying to us.

Why did you email in?

Why did you?

Why did you ask to be on this show?

I wanted to have a real movie book on the show.

You know, we're talking to someone and they're like, have you seen this movie?

And you're like, yes.

And you just keep going and you just, you get through it.

And it's just easier than having them explain it to you.

And I just, I've got, I've done that over and over again.

I feel like I've seen every movie.

I don't know why I have to even like justify this to you.

But you reached out to Scott and advertised yourself as a film buff.

As the ultimate film buff, by the way.

And I would have just had a film buff on.

But then when I saw the word ultimate film buff, I was like, oh, well, this, I have to have this person.

Well, what I've gotten on if I told you what my real passion was.

What is your real passion?

You're not going to like it.

Okay.

And just try us.

I find that as long as you're being honest, I would much rather hear about that than a person lying about something they don't know anything about.

It's going to sound so crazy now.

It sounded a little crazy.

It's a safe space.

So what I'm interested in.

Uh huh.

What are you interested in?

Ultimately, when I begin the day, I have to, you know, film my day with hobbies and such since I don't watch films.

Yeah.

Um, I.

And you don't go to work anymore.

No, I am.

For eight plus hours.

Leaving 706 AM.

I don't choose to go to that, that store anymore.

Okay.

Um, good services.

We're good services of course.

That's right.

Okay.

It's okay.

You can tell us.

Well, it's a safe space chain.

Okay.

So I take old clothes that people don't want.

Yeah.

I rip them up into small pieces.

Okay.

I create sausage casings made of old clothes.

Okay.

And fill it with other old clothes.

Uh huh.

Okay.

So it looks like little clothing sausages.

And then I whip those at cars that drive by.

That's what you do all day.

That's what you love to do.

That's your hobby.

And it's not destructive because it's fun.

Yeah.

I can only imagine that if someone, if I were driving in someone were to whip a denim hot dog at me, I would get distracted and maybe crash into the nearest fire hydrant or at least the second nearest.

I mean, have you ever, has that happened?

Have you caused any crashes?

I can see I would be alarmed as well, Scott.

See, I don't believe that what I've done is cause the crash.

I believe that I threw something and a person crash.

Do you know what I'm saying?

So we have to have cost to crash.

I'm just kidding.

This is crazy.

You're right.

I'm judging you.

I think you're an insane person.

I read.

I'm insane.

Inviting you on the show.

You know what I think you're insane.

How about that?

Well, you know what?

I'm not and you are.

And I don't mean to mansplain insanity.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I'm scared.

When I get mad, I do a Hulk Hogan.

I rip my shirt off.

Look, I don't think it's unusual for me to do what I've done.

I don't think it's unusual to go to a party and talk about films and pretend you've seen them and just get through the conversation.

I'm sure you've done this.

Hulk, Shaden, I've had just about enough out of you, but can you stick around?

I'd love to.

Okay, great.

Well, when we come back, we'll have an educator here with us.

We'll be right back with more Arden Marine, more Shaden Galbreth.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

We have of course, Arden Marine, Little Miss Little Compton is the book.

It's in all bookstores, although I wouldn't advise anyone to go into a bookstore right now.

But you can certainly get it on Amazon or is it digital?

Can people download it?

They can download it.

Kindles, et cetera.

Yep.

Yes, they can do that too.

Okay, wonderful.

And that is, it's approximately, I think you said it was 240 pages.

240 pages and there's pictures.

There's a lot of pictures.

So that's basically like 200.

It sounds like you're trying to lure like a third grader into reading this book or something like our other guest, Shaden Galbreth.

You've never read a wonderful book.

Yes, I have read a ton of books.

Which books have you read?

When you were in the library color code, did you read this stuff near you?

Ultimately, I'd rather talk about which books you've read and discuss.

Yeah, I figured.

Yeah, so you've never done that.

That sounds odd for you, Shaden.

Too busy whipping clothing sausages.

Passers back.

I do read books.

I will not be taken down like this.

Okay.

So speaking of reading books, our next guest encourages his students to read books, I would imagine.

I think you can say that about practically any teacher, maybe other than physical education.

I don't know that I ever had to read a book in PE class, but he is an educator.

Please welcome to the show, Emil.

That's right.

Hello.

How is everybody doing?

Hi, Emil.

Hi.

How are you?

You don't want to ask Shaden how he's doing.

He's not going to tell you.

He's going to ask.

She didn't.

I was listening.

And to me, it sounds like you do know a lot about film.

And yet you are not somebody who is able to provide the detail of that kind of situation.

Now that is such a wonderful observation.

I think you got it half right.

I think Shaden doesn't know anything about film and isn't able to provide any of the detail.

I'm not to go to the stage.

Okay.

Well, that is a valid.

I was going to have to go to Mr. Scott on that one.

I'm on Team Scott.

I don't think so.

Yeah.

So it's two votes for Shaden being a dumb shit.

Emil is abstaining.

So that is a valid opinion.

And of course I vote that I'm wonderful.

So I think we're abstaining and the good balances it out so much.

And yes, and that was Emil.

I am doing really well right now.

Yeah.

I can tell, you know, and you're going to beautiful home.

I can see right now and you're going to gorgeous painting behind.

Yeah.

What is that painting behind you that I didn't take you as someone who would be interested in art?

This is from one of the classic films.

This is a, this is actually, name this film.

This is what I want to.

Okay.

I can name it.

That is front up.

The Disney picks are filmed up.

Is that correct?

Exactly.

So when all the balloons pop it explode.

Oh, exactly.

See, that's exactly what I was.

She knew that there was balloons.

That's exciting.

Okay.

How did you know?

Was that from the poster or how did you know the plot of up?

So I knew the plot of up because what goes up must go down.

So when you see, all right, all right, Emil, you're an educator.

Where do you teach?

So I used to teach at a Montessori school that was all the way from K through, also just side note.

Yeah.

There is something you may not have noticed about me yet that I get to.

It's very early for a side note, by the way, but we don't know anything about you and already we're over to side note.

I am writing the book of my life.

Okay.

It's a New York time article.

Okay.

So I get to put this, I get to put this side note.

Okay.

So as I known as that a lot of people, something that they don't know about me, they get very rushed during your side note.

He's putting his face on his side.

It's a bit of information.

When did you say, Arden?

I felt like he was really pulling you a side, Scott.

Yeah.

To tell you that's a man of man privately.

That's kind of the energy of a side note.

So something that I don't know about me as they do not realize that I am from Colombia, Saramaraka.

Okay.

Now this is because I went to a school about 11 years ago where I completely focused for months and they get read off my Colombian accent.

So now when people see me just in the street or whatever, they say, Hey, this is a guy from Columbus, Ohio, something like that.

Just a regular.

Oh.

Yeah.

This is something because I want people to know that this is the truth about me because I am not only an educator.

I am somebody who is sharing my culture.

Emil, can I understand?

Can I just a backtrack a little bit to get clear about this?

You believe that you do not have a recognizable or discernible dialect or accent.

It is something I almost have to deal with a lot because I have to inform people because people don't know your heritage.

Well, you guys did not notice.

I was able to notice that.

I don't know whether it was not noticing as much as just being polite and not, you know, making that you're defining characteristic by asking you a question about it.

It was not noticing to me.

It was not noticing.

Okay.

You are you're from Colombia.

Colombia is not America.

That's right.

Barranquilla.

Yes.

And do you live in Columbus, Ohio or are you upset that people are angry?

No, I'm just saying I sound like I got from Columbus, Ohio.

Okay.

I'm so sorry.

I live in Hackensack, New Jersey.

So tell us, Emil, you teach in Hackensack, New Jersey or you come to me?

I teach at a community college there.

I used to teach at a Montessori school and that was all the way K through 12.

And then I said, because I teach vocabulary, and then I said, I get to kind of my gain.

Okay.

So do you still teach vocabulary?

I teach vocabulary at a community college.

I went in and get my master's degree.

I didn't realize that was a whole subject vocabulary.

Yeah.

What do you remember?

I remember.

How do you do that?

Like, how do you, I mean, do you just like bring in new words that people should know?

Exactly.

Yes.

And a little bit has been made obsolete because of, you know, weak January or Wikipedia or whatever, because you can really use the World Wide Web to can you research the stuff now?

But it is still an important thing to have a class that focus on this.

Emil was Scott correct and what papyrus was.

I thought he did a pretty good job earlier.

What would your definition of?

No, that is funny.

I look it up on my phone because I have a an application that is just kind of you look up a word and it will get information.

Just a different kind of app.

But is it like a dictionary?

Because that's a great app.

Yes.

Exactly.

Was he correct?

Was he correct on papyrus?

He was papyrus.

Thank you.

Very, very early and a very delicate paper.

Thank you so much.

So as a vocabulary and what are some of your favorite words, words maybe the people don't know well.

Well, exactly.

I get asked this sometime.

Well, I certainly did.

So why don't you just go ahead and give us that answer?

Yes.

Well, I'm going to say, Emil, you kind of have the same thing Chadin has.

There's a lot of preamble.

It's a great big one.

I actually felt nothing because I have what I felt.

It's a big ram.

It's just a big ram.

It's just a museum straight to the point.

He must have said.

It's the one you call the full story, Talah.

I don't know whether I can take two guests like this.

I'm noticing so much about Emil, what he does is he finds a way, you know, kind of a ram, you know, get his bicycle on the ramp up to the point in which he'll do a huge leap off the ramp.

Well, he then tells you the information.

He's like protective deflectors.

There's like protective of each other, deflect it.

I don't want it kind of feels like it's a two versus two situation where you guys are ganging up, or I don't know how you're going to get up.

No, this is a beautiful, it's a debate stage.

Yeah.

You can debate stage.

Okay.

So Emil, just hit us with that answer.

I forget even the question.

So my favorite word is conjunctions.

Okay, to get to the point, I like conjunctions.

Great.

I like or I like this.

Oh, so your favorite word is in conjunctions.

Your favorite words are types of.

Oh, I got it.

It is a style and but or a sock Lee.

What are the other ones?

Those are the ones that I can do.

I can do.

I ask you to use some of those in a sentence because when I hear them out of context, they feel kind of a lot.

And I would love to know like how you might go about you use but in a sentence.

Okay.

I went to the film, but I didn't have any attention.

So I can't answer your question about the film.

Oh, snap.

This is sort of like you clowning chadin over here.

Yeah, that was a sentence.

I'm not even offended.

I feel like it's a sentence I can use.

Yeah.

He was trying to defend him.

So Emil, you you now teach community college.

So you're teaching adults vocabulary.

That's right.

And before it was all the way K through a senior of high school.

Is that what you were saying?

Yes, exactly.

You seem upset about teaching the adults.

Your face got you got very serious.

You see, they all have depression.

They all have depression.

Yes, they all have depression.

It is an incredibly depressing school.

So for me, there was a brightness.

What makes it what makes it so depressing is that the age of the story cloudy.

It is, you know, cloudy.

Close enough to something.

That's not necessarily the school is in cloudy.

It's the weather.

The area is ugly.

It is the area.

Was there no clouds over your Montessori K through 12?

It was on a beautiful part of town with less clouds.

That's right.

So it was in the same town just it had less clouds.

Exactly.

You have a look at a hill and you go, okay, there's never any clouds over that hill.

There is always sunshine.

That was where the Montessori school was.

So how did you get interested in vocabulary?

Well, it is a passion of money to.

Sure.

So how did you get interested in it?

What is that?

I was saying, he's almost like a side again.

He's like, so excited.

He gives it so excited.

He doesn't feel so much passion for something that it made me kind of be quiet.

Oh, okay.

So how did you get interested in this passion?

Well, one time a saw.

One time.

Okay.

You what?

And then I saw a word in it.

Where did you see this word?

It was in a book called The Last Dance.

You know the film The Last Dance?

The Michael Jordan documentary.

The great documentary.

No, no, no, no, no.

The film with Julia Stuyo.

Absolutely.

Oh, okay.

This was an appreciation.

Oh, same last dance.

That's what it's called.

They adopted that film into a book after the film.

I read that book.

And you saw one word?

Exactly.

It was the it was like I had just come out of a drug induced episode.

But really all that had happened was I had three of these five hour energy drink.

You're all done.

And I saw the word.

That's like 15 hours.

Yeah.

It's ugly.

We are scott.

We are on the same page in many ways.

And that's not the matter.

You guys can teach mathematically.

But I love that.

I saw that's right.

I saw the word and and I say it was the word and I never seen something so beautiful in my life.

It was kind of a moment.

You know, that changed my life.

Why did you want to get rid of your accent, by the way?

I think having an accent is a beautiful thing.

Because I just wanted to see if I could do it.

Because even growing up when I because I went to bilingual school in Columbia and then, you know, I what were the two languages in bilingual school?

English and Spanish.

Oh, okay.

Great.

And so I but they always the teachers always said to me, you sound a song.

Talkly like an American.

And he said, okay, you're probably blowing a smoke, blowing fire, whatever.

And so then I went to America and I moved here.

And I, you know, I was able to get a sponsor by the one to say school, which I am very grateful to.

God damn, I am so sorry.

I asked this question.

I should give the 22 second time or you've got to start.

Yeah, I got to start.

Why did I?

Arden, why did I give it to you and not this guy?

I don't know.

I feel that you guessed wrong on your guests.

I don't know.

Man, I don't know why I'm enforcing it so hard at the beginning and then snooze ville over here with this.

Yeah.

Long ass.

Tori.

Look, Emil, do you have anything of interest to our to our listeners to say?

I can't believe I just want to say just in defense of a meal.

I feel like a meal is actually bringing like a really fascinating story.

And you're what you're doing is you're not really accepting or retaining what he's talking about.

And so when he spoke for me, what I gleaned was that there is so much there.

There is such a deep story there that's so interesting.

Cheyden, you have an interesting like, lilt to your like it's just inches.

Where did you where did you pick your speech pattern is unusual?

Is that is that right?

God, now we're talking about speech patterns.

Like what has happened to this show?

I used to get I used to get good guests.

I'm so Scott Scott.

Here's a movie star.

So you said movie directors.

Have you ever met Jessica out?

I have met she was on my television show.

I spent eight hours with her.

Have you ever met?

Have you ever met Chrissy Tegan?

Yes, of course she was in this movie that I directed with.

Okay, this is incredible.

Wonderful people.

And then a couple other people is that is incredible.

That is so cool.

A meal.

I don't know if you're picking up what I'm throwing down, but I sort of feel like the what Scott begging for is to be interviewed on his own show.

We'd love to ask you.

Okay, Scott Scott.

Who what is the top two any famous people?

Then you have met in order of fame or in order of me meeting them.

Fame.

Okay, because I was going to say star with Tom Cruise.

Probably it'd be please.

Obama Obama Obama.

Obama.

Yeah, I would say he's the most famous.

Tom Cruise.

Never met Tom Cruise.

Star with Tom Cruise.

I've never met Tom Cruise.

Have you met Jennifer Lawrence?

Yes, I've met Jennifer Lawrence.

What about Jennifer Lopez?

Have you met Jennifer Lopez?

Never met Jennifer Lopez.

What about Jennifer Aniston?

How about Jennifer Garner?

Yes, met Jennifer Aniston.

Jennifer Gray.

Jennifer, Jennifer love Hewitt.

Oh, love Hewitt.

No, Gray, no.

Garner.

Who is the other one?

Garner, no.

I try to cover all the Jennifer's.

I almost got a little bit.

Connolly.

Oh, god.

My Jennifer's are slipping.

Jennifer Coolidge.

Coolidge.

Yes.

Who'd you say?

Chris Evans.

I've never met her.

Joseph, it's God.

You're making a joke.

Jennifer Capriani.

Can I ask a meal something?

Yes, please ask a meal something because I'm running dry.

I don't know what to ask.

Curious.

Well, a meal I want to know when you were teaching on a story at that time in your life.

What was like your...

Did you have any special connections with the students that you met and what are they doing now?

A lot of them as a precedence of different estates.

These guys, there's a presence.

States don't have presidents.

They have governors.

I meant governor.

Gosh, I can make a mistake, okay.

Well, I mean, when you're an educator, you can't make these kind of mistakes because then suddenly you'll have a kid who grows up thinking that you don't have to apologize necessarily, although it's kind of breaking my heart that you're...

You seem so down that I...

He does seem down.

It feels like he's hanging on by a throne.

Yeah, I look at a meal.

A meal.

I'm sorry.

Let me just close the door.

That's...

No.

Did you meet Chris and Adam?

Chris and Adam.

Did you see what happened to him on Twitter?

No, what happened?

Oh, yeah.

What happened?

Stuff went down.

Do what happened was on Twitter and a meal backed me up if you know about this because...

I know.

What happened was Chris Evans tweeted at a screenshot.

You are falling asleep right now.

What has happened to this show?

I've lost control.

No, it's a story, is it?

I used to have movie stars.

What?

TV stars and now I'm down to authors and these two.

I've been an I'm a TV star.

Yeah, I mean...

Art and the second the TV star.

You invited me on to insult my resume.

I mean, it's not like you're currently on television.

I mean, who knows if you ever will be again?

Probably not.

Most of that, actually, I'm probably not.

I wouldn't consider myself a teenage star.

I would consider myself a teenage star.

I can say...

I consider you the teen star that I've met.

A teen star plus 10, maybe.

Some of my students at community college is obsessed with insatiable.

Thank you.

That's a big deal.

Netflix original.

That's just...

Insatiable with a hint, Scott.

You're just not a teenage girl.

The views, the view count, according to websites.

Shut up.

Shut up, Shane.

Shut up.

God, I wish I was a teenage girl sometimes instead of doing this.

You sick f***.

Ok, I'll put it back on. Look guys we're running at a time we just have one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Nobody's got nothing to plug.

Ooh, nice short sweet. That was Nobody's Got Nothing to Plug by Nobody Slash Anonymous.

Thanks to them for their wonderful plugs theme. If you have one go send it in although I don't know exactly how to do that but you can find it out it's the internet.

People can figure things out. Alright guys what do we plug in?

Arden, Arden Marine by the way if you're looking for the book and you want to spell your last name.

Yes, it's not like Marine World which is an undersea water park that I used to go to as a child which is closed down.

It does sound fun. Do you cover that in the book?

I do. I cover you going to Marine World. I've been following you for years Scott. I didn't know how to bring it up.

You were the team star. I love the game. I got to read the rest of this book.

You've got to read. There's a whole Scott Ockerman Junior High Year.

My book, my lesson is spelled marine. It looks like Myron or Myron. It's M-Y-R-I-N.

The book is called Little Miss Little Compton. It's really fun and I host a podcast called Will You Accept This Rose about the Bachelor franchise with comedians. You excited about the new season? Apparently something has never happened before.

Is gonna happen. I'm excited. Do you watch? I do. I do.

Yeah. Will you come on the podcast?

I will. If you give me a rose I will accept it. I would love to give you a rose. It's really fun and yeah we just don't do spoilers. I am excited. I'm excited.

Are you excited? I'm excited.

I'm excited. I believe it starts in October. October 13th is the first.

October 13th. All right. Well I expect to be on your premiere episode. I love it.

And any other things you want to plug? You can find me on Instagram and Twitter at Artemarine.

And yeah just Will you accept this rose watching Stachable and then Little Miss Little Compton.

All right. Very good. Shaden Galbreth. If you could and I'm gonna just before you get to your plug.

If you could just do I need to do the 22 second rule with you? Yes. Sure. I love a challenge.

You know I am a strong man who enjoys taking a challenge.

Why do you keep saying you're a strong man like because now I feel like you're lying about that for some reason. Oh we know it's hiding not correct. Please don't poke holes. Okay. All right. 22 seconds. I'm resetting. All right.

Ready three two one go. The number one thing I'm interested in promoting today is most definitely going to be patreon.com slash Lauren Lapka. It's a place to find comedy, fun interviews, you know improv and such including many and more many and more things including watch alongs of films. And you can watch you can sync the audio with the film and watch it as though you have a friend over. So it is very much. Time actually.

Time. So you didn't even see the film watching along with your favorite podcast or Lauren Lapka. So you've never actually seen. You just think it up and you turn your back on the film and then just listen to her. Yeah.

Yeah. And I just love her reactions. Oh great. Okay. All right. Let's turn to a meal who is an educator. Anything you'd like to plug? You know I have a Twitter that I love to follow from a friend of mine who is also Colombian. But he is Colombian American. It is Brian Jordan Alvarez as B R I A N J O R D A N A L V S and Victor A R E C.

Oh wait I spelled it wrong.

Did you say C at the end? Oh yes. But it's actually in the Twitter. His Twitter is Brian Jour al baris. Oh that's the Twitter handle. Okay. So without the.

The Graham is Brian. So if the Dan part is getting you confused like this guy's name isn't Dan.

Just take it out and that's your or this guy's Twitter. And then the YouTube is YouTube.com slash Brian Jordan Alvarez. Wonderful. All right. I want to plug. I guess I don't know what there is to plug. I go. Well, I will say that if you're interested in Adam Scott and my show about talking heads, we just put out an episode with David Wayne as a guest where we talk about speaking in tongues. I love talking head. I love talking head. I love it so much. Yes. And I in fact, right before shutdown, I went inside David Burns play on Broadway. It was incredible. I love them.

Well, perhaps you can be a guest on this show at some point.

Love and also I have this Thursday.

I have an episode of our side show, our sister show. We've got to stop talking about TMNT on CBB where we watch the Michael Bay reboot Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles with Paul of Tomkins. That will be coming up this Thursday. And that is on Sean distance. Patreon, patreon.com slash Sean S H A U N distant D I S E O N. All right, let's close up the old plug bag. You start with a seal.

When you want to close it up, you leave with an L and then you hold.

Feed up the plug bag. Pull me to the plug bag. Shake your hand and open it up.

Rachio comes to that. He just says.

All right, guys, I want to thank you so much. Arden, it's so great to see you. Congratulations on writing a book. Something so few people do. It's really an accomplishment and you should feel great about yourself. Thank you. This was really fun. Thank you for having me. Turning from people who should be feeling good about themselves to two who should feel like shit about themselves.

Shaden Galbraith. Look, you're a waste of time. That's so fascinating. You're a waste of carbon and molecules. I see because I fully disagree. And one thing I want to say is that everyone listening needs to buy Arden's book either for someone in their life or for themselves because if we all did that, if we all band together, you know, this book could shoot in skyrocket to number one. So I do think this is a very important time. She didn't actually read the book. She didn't actually read.

I have. I've read the entire book start to finish and it is hilarious and heartbreaking. I mean, I cried and I laughed and I cried. I cried from laughing.

Did you laugh at the funny parts and cried at the sad parts or vice versa? Yeah, because I'm insane. He laughed at the sad parts.

That didn't happen to me. I feel so good. And Emile, I want to say great to meet you, but I'm not sure if my heart is in it. But at the same time, I feel like I've broken your heart on this show.

I don't want you to leave the show having had a bad time being depressed.

Sounds like your job is bad enough. My job is to bury depression. I sometimes may go into the classroom and there's cheese on the floor.

I mean, yeah, it's wow. Does somebody drop shredded cheese or some shit like that?

How much like are we talking like it's a lot like going a lot, but it will get a nice shot. And you don't notice it until later. Anyway, I think it is so cool Scott to be completely honest with you that you have met Tom Cruise and work with him. I love your story about Tom Cruise. And that was my favorite part. That was a very that was to me the most impressive thing. It was exciting to hear about Tom Cruise. When you told us that story, I never forgot it. All right. Well, I got I'm glad you enjoyed it. If people can leave the show with one thing, it's that I had a great interaction with Tom Cruise.

Unlike most of my interactions today, all right, we'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye.

Bye.
