♪♪♪ Hell in a hand basket, heaven in a body casket, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm-mm-mm! Thank you to Sega shines! Sega shines for that catchphrase, I don't believe we've ever heard from Sega shines before.

Some nice new blood, other than that I'm looking at the catchphrase submission pool and we have all the old ones, Euripity Shorts, Mayor of Turn Town, Tony the Poop Butt Butterfly, all of these, like, please people, if you want to be read, if you want your catchphrase submission to be read on this show, please pick a different name.

Anyway, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. My name is Scott Ochermann, we have a wonderful show. Coming up a little later we have a social media expert and an author.

That's very exciting as well as a stand-up comedian who has been on the show many times, one of our favorites and he has a show streaming a little bit later this week called Nick Thune Live streaming from under the weather.

We'll be talking to Nick Thune coming up in a little bit and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. October, of course, is upon us the spookiest month of all.

All right, this all sounds good. Whenever you're ready, we'll start rolling and sound speeds, action. Whenever you're ready, Scott and we go do the catchphrase thing, rattle off some of the stupid names people have, whatever you got.

Do you get that long ass Nick Thune credit you have to read?

I think I know I got it.

We weren't rolling. I did that perfectly.

That was the best I've ever introduced this show. I'm trying to get zoomed to work on my computer and I keep getting a fucking Mazda commercials. I can't figure this shit out at all.

All you did was you typed in zoom zoom.

Which was their catchphrase.

Just shake your rump. It's all I want to do is zoom zoom zoom.

Sure, of course.

Gino, hi, welcome back to the show.

The new listeners. This is my intern Gino. He's been my intern for eight years.

Eight plus years. Yeah, I can't believe you're still gaining new listeners. People find it penetrable to listen to this.

I'm gaining maybe a few every week and shedding quite a bit.

Oh, you're telling me the same thing with my body weight. I'm down to 88 pounds with the fucking heat.

Oh, that is no good. You got to get up to at least 90.

I'm trying to be 90. I'm not even allowed. I'm too light to go on roller coasters. I will now shoot out of them. I went to I went to adventure land in farming down Route one pen and I fucking shot off the pirate ship.

I was humiliated. I landed Dick first in someone's fucking hot nacho cheese dip was fucking brutal.

Wait, you're dick or their dick? My dick first, but I still went all the way in. I bent backwards like a fucking sandwich and my dick poked out the bottom of the hot.

Oh, this is the reverse of the popcorn trick. Yeah, I know a lot of people was like, this is like the movie Dina. I was like, I've never even seen that. I don't get this reference.

Then I watched all of Dina and I was like, Oh, it's just this one small pot.

You may have been confused because it's diner, not Dina.

Oh, I watched it. Do you look up Dina first?

Yeah, I did was a Dina shore. Bido pick. It was pretty fucking interesting.

The Colgate comedy hour. I always thought when people said Dina shore, they were talking about like, Brontosaurus and Triceratops and shit. I realized that it was a lady.

I always thought, Gino, that they you couldn't go on a roller coaster because of height, not weight.

Can you imagine how different it would be if you approached a roller coaster and you had to step on a scale?

Oh, I could only imagine how that would be for overweight people. That seems very difficult, but for a guy.

Of course you can't empathize with that. Not a problem. The other I jump on the scale and people and people ask. I got to ask like people, can I hold your purse? Can I fill my court? My pockets over quarters?

Because I'm not even I can't even get the thing to start moving at first because they just haven't set. They haven't set like, like at a fishery, like at a fish manga where they got 90 pounds of old rotting fish on one end of the scale.

And you jump on the other and if you weigh more, you're allowed on. If you weigh less, sorry, it's the fucking tea cups for you.

And they don't mean the teacup ride. They just mean like they mean the tea cups is a part of the parking lot where there's a fist fighting that goes on.

You get sent to the tea cups parking lodge and you go fucking and it's complicated because everyone's got different styles there. You know, some people are doing sumos and people doing monkey style.

Some people have moi tie. So you never know what kind of guy or gal you're going to be score it. You know, all the genders you're going to be squared up again. So gets a little fucking complicated.

Yeah, Gina is very thin. You see for the new listener, by the way.

Anyone on zoom, let me stay. Let me face the camera because if I'm sideways, you might not see me.

Do you know, do you set off motion detectors?

I do, but on purpose, I let my big ass. I do have a little bit of an ass and I let it slowly slide across motion detectors like Catherine Zeta Jones and the trailer.

It's the millennium. Whatever that movie is called. Why can't I place it? I talk about it every day.

Entrapment. Yes, that's the one. Of course. Oh shit. Yeah.

Entrapment has been getting me since I was a kid.

I just think you would make an excellent thief because if you just kind of turned slightly to the side, no one, you know, cameras wouldn't be able to pick you up and I have no fingerprints. So it would be such a helpful thing.

Wait, why is that? I was trying to help my mom pour the fucking Friday, I've lost us on Christmas Eve. It was the seventh round of fishes. We were doing seafood Friday, I've low over the wings.

I fucking grab the pot by the hands, not the not the handles. I just grab it on the side like a quiet. You can have hands.

Pots and hands, the expression. Now, pots and pants. It's raining pots and hands out here.

They don't have hands. They have handles. Well, whatever they're called, hands, handles, bandos, whatever you want to refer to them as I grabbed right below them just on the pot.

And it started burning, but my dad looked at me and said, if you drop that, you're a fucking pussy. So I didn't. It was Christmas Eve. I didn't want to fuck with Santino Claus.

So I just fucking walked over to the pasta and just poured it straight there right over pasta. So no fingerprints anymore. I'm surprised you still have skin.

I have fingerprints, but they are not human. If you see, I've gotten inked one time, not a tattoo, but I got arrested by the Nassau County cops at the strawberry festival.

I was at the Strawberry Festival and you know those little machines where the things slides back and forth and knocks quarters down and you can win circuits or quarters.

Sure. Well, I got caught rigging the machine. I brought in a fucking 12 car batteries hooked up to a super powerful magnet. And when I walked up to the machines to fucking pull the quarter, I was thinking I was just going to earn some quarters or some tickets or whatever.

I fucking set the machine off and caught like, you know, belt buckles come shooting off everyone's belts and they all come flying. Everyone thinks I'm like a Holocaust survivor of some sort like Magneto or some shit.

I'm covered in fucking coins and fucking assorted metal paraphernalia, a whole roll of aluminum foil is around me.

And everyone was just fucking absolutely roasting my ass.

And meanwhile, everyone's pants are down because their belt buckles are off. Everyone's pants are down. It's like a fucking music video. I'm like, you know, everyone's in line.

What music video are you talking about? What's the music video where there's like 500 guys lined up waiting to sing a song with a woman named Houston?

I think they're like 500 dudes in line. They're all like getting ready to sing. They're like stroking themselves.

And like, not a music video necessarily, although music made me play. I rocked out when I watched it.

Okay, just because music is playing on something, it doesn't make it a music video. You know, MTV never plays music videos anymore. Remember when MTV used to just play the Houston 500 for liquid television came over?

But I don't know how you remember it because you're a 22 year old band. Oh, yeah, but I have hours of MTV on VHS. I bought them all online eBay. I went on eBay and bought a bunch of fuck, like 12 hour fucking VHSes of just MTV raw air with ads and everything, bro.

It fucking rocks. So when you get printed at the police station, does it come up as non-human? It comes up as alien?

No, it doesn't come up. It looks a lot like a dog's plot no matter what they try to do.

So I actually deal exclusively with the canine. I have to call the canine unit on myself. So when you get arrested, the canine unit has to come because only dogs can arrest dogs.

Right. Well, the thing is this weird thing. They don't know that there's humans in the canine unit, but they work. They usually have a dog partner and then they only do dog crimes.

Really? These motherfuckers got me good. What did you do? I buried a bone in a yard at Eisenhower Park underneath the fucking monkey bars.

I dug a book. But apparently it was like an important bone to like some case or something. Oh, it was so like it was like bones.

It was like bones. Yeah, it was like bones. Who is bones on bones? I've watched the show. I don't know. I haven't figured it out.

I think that it's just the bones that they're looking at, right? I mean, that couldn't be that stupid where a doctor's name was bones and she'd like to look at bones, right?

Wait, her name, someone, there is a titular bones. It couldn't be that because that would be just dumb, wouldn't it?

That would be the dog. That show wouldn't, that show won't last. I'll tell you what, this will be its last season.

Definitely. So, you had a new girl in there. Yeah. What about the new girl? You a fan of that show?

I like the pilot with Damon Wayne's Jr. Better. No love against LaMourne. I'm just kidding. I mean, no hate against LaMourne. I've never seen any of the show.

I don't know. It didn't make sense to me like why a chick would live with dudes. You know what I mean?

Have you ever been in a situation like that? Yeah, I have an older lady that lives in my house with me now who's married to my stepdad.

Wait, are you talking about your mom? Yes. She is a woman and she reminds me daily that she's a woman.

She's like, people say it's like simulating Georgia O'Keefe, but she does, she is pussy paintings more or less. She draws these beautiful flowers holding the paintbrush inside her pussy. It's gorgeous.

At least she's holding a paintbrush in there and she's not just facing the wrong way. Oh, no. Yeah, it's almost. She's a fucking wild. I'm not, we don't need to get into it now.

What's going on with your mom these days? I mean, last we talked. She's heavy into hunting pedophiles.

Oh, she's hashtag save the children. She's saving the children. She's trying to. There's a lot of places around Long Island that people know are just more or less a denochrome storage facilities and my mom is, you know, my mom wears a.

I got to re-up my supply, by the way. My. Well, we all do if we want to stay young, you know, the pandemic is of course.

But my mom likes to wear knee length t-shirts that say don't get between me and my kids, even though I'm her youngest kid at 24. So she's worried about pedophiles grabbing me or some. I don't know.

I feel like it's a cover for some other shit that she has going on. Yeah. So she's super busy lately. So she's been dealing with a lot of that.

She got a lot on her plate. Yeah. She got a lot on her plate. She's like, trust me. Hillary. I know Hillary and Bill live in upstate New York and that's very far from here on Long Island.

But there's no nothing to say that they don't have a farm of children that they're harvesting weekly with maybe an underground train that travels back and forth. Oh, yeah, that there's a lot of talks of trains like they were saying like if there was a train, it could completely go underground and bypass the Long Island Railroad.

So you don't even have to do any of the stops. You can just go from Rockville Center to Baltimore to Baltimore to want to see for to mess up equal mess up equal park Avenueville Copay Glindenhurst and Babylon all the way down without ever doing the stops.

You just go that way underground. So you got these underground trains operated by children, carrying children to and from assorted drive-throughs that have permission from different organizations to feed you.

You go to All American on Merrick Road. You order a double double double. They know what that means. That's three sets of twins. You get six pack of kids. It's fucking twisted. I'm telling you.

Oh, no. Gina, we got to put some weight on you. We got to get you on a different diet. We try. It's too low. 88 is too low.

I'm trying to get up to 90. I want to fucking ride the pirate ship. I'm doing two gallons of milk a day. One regular one chocolate.

Well, and I'm actually going to be done talking soon. I'm going to let you take this away. This is your show. I'm just here to keep the levels right.

I wanted to bring that up. You have your own show. Don't do you not? Oh, that's correct. I do have my own radio show.

Luckily, a combination of effort between W L I R Stitcher Premium and Scott Ockerman himself.

I was able to get my senior thesis project from the Nassau Community College off the ground. And it is so far.

10 episodes of a talk radio show. But you liked it so much.

You went and talked to the people at Stitcher. Talk to the people at all the scripts. You went and talked to the people in Washington, D.C. All the people that needed to approve it. The FCC up and down the chain.

Up and down the chain. How high does this go? NCC FCC, C C Comedy Central and double ACP. See, Comedy Central is like, we'll pass on that too. We're doing it to everything unless it's me a califa to work in front of the White House in which case that's what we're back in baby.

But yeah, I have the genome on the bottle show and I believe season two is premiering today. So that's right.

You can shut this podcast podcast off now. Listen to my episode.

You're done talking so you can shut it off. Yeah, shut it off now. If you're coming here, it's solely to hear what the intern has to say. Jump over to my podcast. But then come back because we got plenty of great guests coming up.

You said some of that works in social media, some of that works in ghost writing, and then Nick Thune is here to promote something hyper specific, which is exciting.

I didn't necessarily say ghost writing, but I said author, but do we need spoiler alerts for this? I was told to have a bucket of water ready in case a guy on a motorcycle with a flaming skull head came in. So I apologize. I got all the weird.

That's a ghost writer. I believe. Okay. Okay. Chef Kevin sent me the wrong thing. So I'm not going to need Dormamu at all. No, of course not.

Well, we all send Dormamu back to the police. Go back with my fist. He's listening. We're safe. Well, we please stick around though, because I need, I need to make sure this is recorded. I mean, you're actually does that.

Also, if you check, there should be at your door now. I sent you a glass of water just because I want to record as water. It's cash on delivery. And I told the guy you tip at least 50% because of the pandemic.

So how much are they charging for water these days? It's tap. So it's like only you're only paying the delivery and the service fees. Okay, how much are those? It's like, well, with Postmates who fucking knows it's all hidden, bro. You sign up, you get it, whatever the guy shows up in the house and hand you a glass of water and you owe $65 or something.

Yeah. And I feel like I feel like we shouldn't tip because we don't know whether it goes to them or not. So as long as there's confusion.

Every time we go out to dinner, the bar or cafes, you, I don't want to tip. I feel like we shouldn't tip. You're like, why is they need this big bucket of cash here? You take a bunch of cash out. You're like, I'll, you know, I'll try and change. I'm changing it for you.

I'm saving it all up for the bucket of truth. Oh, that'll be the thing. We'll be able to stay town for all. We'll see.

All right, you know, well, we have to get to our first guest if that's okay. Are you excited about this? This is a I'm fucking hyped and I don't even know who's first. I don't know whether it's a social media's name and author person.

Oh, it's who? Yeah.

So, um, Thune's on first. We have to welcome him. He has been one of our favorite guests over the past decade plus that we've been doing the show has been on so many times.

Always a delight. One of America's greatest comedians and he has a live streaming show called Nick Thune live streaming from under the weather coming up this week.

And I cannot wait to talk to him about that. Please welcome back to the show Nick Thune.

Hey, hi, sound speed Nick whenever you was waiting for.

Yeah, thank you. Yeah, I wait. It's not a bad idea with Gino here just to make sure that we're recording.

As a matter of fact, if anyone who comes on wants to just not talk that much and let me do a lot of the talking, Gino will be a okay with that. But now on to recording live from under the weather premiering live from under the weather, whatever it is. Thune boy. Take it away.

Thank you so much. Thune boy. Take it away. Great to be here. It's good to be here. Yeah. Thanks for having me, Scott. Thank you. It's always an honor. Yeah. Well, the honor is all ours. My dear boy. Welcome back to the show, making your honor.

Perhaps your 10th appearance here, although who's counting.

Certainly not me because I'm guessing 10 and that has to be wildly inaccurate. And I trust you. So, of course, yeah.

Let's do some trust falls before we start this interview.

What do you say?

Okay. I'll do one first. Okay. Oh, I got it. Oh, no. It's a bad idea to do this over zoom. I don't know how we're able to protect each other. You know what? I found a way to do it. If you do it close to a wall.

Oh, yeah. That's better because the let the loving warm embrace of the wall just wrap you up. Exactly. Nick, what is going on? Of course you are a great comedian, but all comedy seems to have ceased.

So what is a person whose identity is so wrapped up in being a funny guy and making people laugh? What is what does someone like that? Nick Thune type do during this pandemic to occupy his time to make sure he doesn't go crazy and to make sure that his sense of ego is fully functioning and he still feels good about himself. Working on a vaccine.

Yeah. Yeah. I've spent a lot of time. Yeah. Me, both brother. And you know what? I think I'm getting close.

I know that some other people are getting close and it's kind of a race to the finish right now, but me and this guy, Jason, who I don't know, this is what my whole stand up special is going to be to online.

If you don't, if you don't know this guy named Jason that works at a 7-Eleven around the corner, then you're not going to get much of it. Okay. The local stuff.

That's unfortunate. Yeah. But Jason and I have been working on something and I'm not going to say that we're taking stuff from 7-Eleven and mixing it together.

I'm not going to say that we are or aren't actually because I don't think 7-Eleven stands behind what we're up to, but they are open 24 hours.

Still trying to figure out Jason's email. They used to be open 7 a.m. to 11 p.m. Did they, were they not?

They did. Yeah. And then 7-Eleven happened. Yeah. Which we'll never. And after, of course. Yeah. And then.

And now I got to take my fucking shoes off to walk into a 7-Eleven such bullshit. Yeah. They're saying no shoes. Yes, service.

So it sounds to me like if you're just taking like stuff out of the soda machine and mixing it together, then you're just making a suicide, which by the way, what's that number we need to say if we ever mentioned that the one that logic wrote a song about.

I'm sorry. What was that last part? I'm not. I'm. You're zoning out. I'm unsubscribing from fundraiser emails.

Okay. I noticed your eyes were going to like strangely not on the screen anymore and you were just looking off.

I was trying to find out. I was trying to find that old music video for the Houston 500 and I remember this wrong.

This is not a music video. This is.

Okay. Yeah. This is. Please don't share your screen. Please.

Yeah. Okay. I wish I knew how. Yeah.

I do know how and I don't want to.

What's more embarrassing than the Houston 500? Yeah. You don't want to see what else my other tabs are.

So it's got an ochreman question mark.

Just question mark. Try and figure out which one you were.

So a lot. You know, I do two zooms. Now I know who Nick Thune is. I know who ochreman is. I'm all squared away. We're ready.

Okay. We're ready to go. So Nick. Great stuff.

So Nick, how close do you think you are with this vaccine?

I mean, hard to tell. We haven't tried it yet. So far, we're just going basically off. We're doing tests.

On whom? On what? Just different tests. We're running different tests on it. We've done a couple multiple choice tests. We've done a couple of false. We did. Yep.

And we use number two pencils, which also I do want to thank number two pencils for what they've done for us. They've sponsored you for a long time. Yeah. Well, you know, my grandfather worked at number two and he's the one that originally put that deal together with Scantron.

Wasn't in charge over there? He was. Yeah. And he was number one. Him and Scantron kind of, you know, had dinner and number three pencils was kind of about to get the gig and nobody really knows what happens that night.

But let's just say somebody's balls were a little less full.

They had a terrible marketing plan. They're motto for a while. Was we're number two.

I know. But then when Scantron got along, the Scantron marketing scan, which is, you know, you either take a test, take us or fail. You know, it's a terrible thing.

Yeah. You know, I've noticed that with a lot of tests. Yeah.

That's usually their motto as well. Take us or fail.

Yeah. The one time that the exception is the rule is a DUI test. You don't have to take it. And if you can't fail, if you don't take it.

So you just stall your ass off. You keep saying, I'll take it later. I'll take it later. I'd rapidly hope you sober up.

Swallow pennies, do listoring, do anything in your power.

And that's how you get out of it.

I think also, you know, a lot of people, they give you different options of what tests to take. And this is what we're figuring out too with our vaccine as far as tests go.

You know, you can take the test that works best for you.

And, you know, I've taken, I've gotten out of a DUI test with a Scantron before. Oh, wow.

Because I keep him in my car and I say, Hey, yeah, I'd love to do this. Yeah. Just one second. And you got to you got a passing grade on it. At least.

Well, I have a scam from you. You're in the car. Yeah. Oh, okay. Good. I got pulled over one time and I didn't get a DUI. I was drunk driving, but I left with a purple belt in Taekwondo.

Wow. I was, yeah, I was unable to take the DUI test, but I broke bricks and I sparred and I demonstrated the knowledge of several different katas and was able to just get my purple belt.

I've got a, I've got a black belt and shopping at Nordstrom.

Oh, they just awarded that to you as you left. Yeah. Yep.

Amazing. I didn't know that you could get one of those. You look at enough belts and they say, Hey, this guy knows what he's doing.

Are you sure you didn't just shoplift a black belt? You know, me and Jason get up to some crazy stuff. Who's this Jason guy? What? He works in 7-Eleven. I know I've heard that, but like, when did you meet him? Why did you?

Well, here's the kind of funny thing about our relationship.

So, you know, I'm going in and he's all business all the time. And, you know, Kramer on Seinfeld. That's always like, what's his thing where he like walks in the room and he's like, you know, like kind of his thing is he says the N word a lot. Yeah. Right. That's what that thing. That's what he's known for. Yeah. So what Jason's known for. And I'm always this setup guy. I feel like the George kind of in the situation, but I always walk in and say, Hey, do you mind if I use the bathroom and then try it in true every time.

Bathroom's employees only. And I look at him and it's just you can almost hear the applause from the crowd. And he doesn't want to tell you which car is his, which we all know it's the focus. And it's been out there every time he's worked.

And, you know, different funny, mysterious things about Jason that he doesn't want to get into. But is this guy your friend? It doesn't sound like you have much of a relationship with him.

Your dynamic is as if you're a listener to his podcast. You like have like a fully built relationship with him that he's not aware of. And that's that's really interesting.

Nick, that's a Paris, is that what Paris social relationship? I think you're a Paris psychology. Isn't that ghost? Yes. That's, I had this exact relationship with Opie from Opie and Anthony for a number of years.

I believe that he was sending me secret messages over the radio waves. I used to have that with Kevin Costner's character from the bodyguard.

Oh, that's a tough one. Yeah, definitely.

So, but he's working on the vaccine with you or he's just giving you some of the courage. I'm working on the vaccine in there and he's basically providing all of the products that I'm using.

So, it is pretty much a partnership in that sense. And, you know, I kind of go through and I'm doing all the science stuff. He's really just kind of ringing it up basically.

Yeah. Well, Nick, good luck with that. Can you tell us a little bit about your streaming show? What exactly are we talking about here?

A lot of local references. Yeah. It is streaming worldwide.

It's just an hour of me doing stand up. Yeah, me doing stand up.

To whom? Is there a live audience or is this just going to be eight people there? Who are these eight tested and the gang of eight?

You know what? They're whittling them down right now. Right now we're at a hundred. Oh, a hundred. Oh, wow.

Yeah. And we're going to get them down to eight by Tuesday and then yeah, voila.

And where exactly are you performing this in your front yard or?

In a little in a bunker in North Hollywood. Are you looking for anything in particular for the eight? Are you like, is there like a criteria in which you are choosing the eight out of the hundred?

We're trying to get one family. Oh, yeah.

Yeah. Like enough. Yeah. And you don't have to worry about all the COVID bullshit, you know. Oh, a bubble. Bring a whole bubble.

Add yourself to somebody else's bubble and then make them listen to an hour of your comedy. Yeah. That's a dream come true. For that family. That's amazing.

If I remember how to do any of comedy, which we'll see. Is this going to be the first time that you've done it in six months or so or?

Yeah. Yeah. Now, including this. And I'm including this. No, I've done a couple. I did a couple live streams, which you know, is you alone and.

And you don't know if you're actually connected or not, but yeah, that's about it. Nick, I've noticed you've changed your style to where I'll ask a question and then you give a one word answer and then I pause for a long time expecting.

Well, that can't be all he's going to say, right? Yeah.

Yeah. That's have you not. That's again a thing that I've been working on. Yeah.

It's a totally different style for you, which is very interesting, which is as hard as a guest to be just a listener. Sure. But you do it so well. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. You know, what I can say about the show is this.

It's going to be live and it will be streaming. Yeah. How do people? How do people?

Ten dollars. How do they buy tickets? What do we got? You go to Nick Thune.com. They can get tickets. Oh, your own website. I love it. Yeah.

Got it just for the show and tickets are through Eventbrite, which I don't know how to get them from there. But yeah, Nick Thune.com hour long, stand up special hour long.

So, and is this something where you actually have an hour or is this something where you like, Oh, fuck it. Let me just do this for an hour and see what happens or what is.

Well, I do have an hour. Yeah. I have an hour that I was doing before the pandemic and I'll just kind of carry that through. Mm hmm.

It's not, you know, not on TV, not on anything, just just there.

60 minutes, by the way, is how much an hour is. I'm not sure if you know that's about right. Yeah. Mm hmm. Yeah. We'll see how that goes. What if someone listened to this has seven friends or seven family members with them and they want to be the hateful eight that gets to sit there and well, not a flight. They want less hitting of women and less aggressive use of the N word, hopefully from the audience. I'm not trying to tell you what to do in your stand up. But is there like, is there a contest we can end?

Because I got seven buddies that I met while their kids are you quarantining with seven other people right now? I wish six now. One of them passed away from COVID. Oh, you should not be holding up with these people.

I don't we don't have a choice, bro. It's fucking 2020.

Their family, their friends, their former lifeguards, the three of karate instructors. They're everybody that you need in life. And I'm jammed up with all them.

But I do have seven friends that would fucking kill to bunker up for a little bit. But I don't know if you want people fly in from Long Island all the way out to Los Angeles to do to North Hollywood, even further than Los Angeles.

It's a longer flight. Mm hmm. People can fly in for sure.

Oh, you're cool with people fly families in. Yeah, great.

That was one of the rare exceptions, by the way, where you said, mm hmm. And then a long pause. And then you followed it up with something and I appreciate that.

Oh, for me. Uh huh. Oh, thank you. I appreciate that too.

Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Now I'm listening. This is fun. I haven't tried listening on this show yet. I've only tried talking.

This is a new experience for all of us. This is wild.

I'm just used to the pace of all three of us tried to talk at the same time. I'm not used to a guy who just wants to say, mm hmm.

Well, I like to listen, you know, I don't want to step on the intern. I know that he's kind of this is his time to shine. I know that you're the host and you've got a lot to say. And, and here I am. I'm not sure.

I've got a lot to say, but not something to say. Yeah, exactly. It's just trying to fill up time. That's all I'm doing. Yeah. Well, speaking of, speaking of Phillip time, no, we don't have time to get into that. But speaking of Philly, I have time. You're going to try to fill up an hour this week. What day is this happening?

October 6th. So tomorrow, this is happening. Tuesday, will it be available to people to watch afterwards or do they need to watch it? No, it's just purely streaming. All right, fuck it. We'll do it live.

That is going to be. Bill O'Reilly, Long Island Zone. He went to Chaminade and Marist. Interesting fucking interesting combo.

Yeah. It's like a filet of fish and a chicken McNuggets. Oh, daddy likes the ultimate lent meal.

Well, don't miss out on this. Don't be like Lent where you're giving up Nick Thune on Tuesday because he'll be doing the show Nick Thune live streaming from under the weather. We need to take a break. But when we come back, we'll have the social media expert. And this is very exciting.

Nick, are you on social media? Of course I am. Yeah, I can't wait to hear what this expert has to send. Glad that I went to you. That is gold. All right, we will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Roll ads.

Comedy bang bang. We're back. Gino, the intern is here. He's helping me out on the ones and twos. Sound speeds. And he just started recording. Okay.

And of course we have Nick Thune comedian, his streaming show Nick Thune live streaming from under the weather is happening tomorrow. You do not want to miss that.

And I just do listen. Of course. Yeah. And you'll be mirroring the audience's experience tomorrow when they listen to you.

How many listeners do you want to get 10 bucks a pop?

10 bucks a pop. I mean, I'll tell you what, I'd take a million.

Sure, why not? Now, would you be pissed if it was a thousand people at a thousand different houses watching your live stream? Again, putting themselves at risk for COVID and all that. But it is still a million listeners, but not as monetized. How do you feel about that?

That's, you know what? That's actually something that we've talked about and we're not going to let people in if they have over a thousand people at their house.

Mmm. So, you have to split into two parties. You have to get 500 persons. I love it. That's a smart. How are you going to enforce this? Because every time I go to the supermarket, this is part of my stand up chunk, by the way.

There, you know, the 10 items are less line. You ever see these things and then you look down at someone's items and you're counting them and you're like, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.

Uh, you'll have in how many eggs are in there. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Thank you. Thanks for tagging that. I'm going to keep it, by the way. I know. Yeah, I was about to say Scott, maybe just work on Shark Tail too. Okay. Yeah.

Open. Open. That still happens.

Crazy things have happened. Hey, it's time. Everyone's rebutant.

Hey, if you want, you want to make real money, Scott? Might I recommend launching a fucking Shark Tail or Mr. Show podcast and hosting it yourself that seems to be the best way to make money is to have a show 10 years ago and then talk about it now.

Uh, all right. Well, we do need to get to our next guest speaking of talking to someone now. Um, she is a social media expert and we've had her on the show one time before.

Please welcome back. Francesca.

Hi Scott. So, okay, first of first, first second, I need to say every time I come on here, people think I'm a social media expert, but that's not what I do. I'm sorry. I can't exactly recall the details of your last appearance.

You, that's how it was listed by Gino when you need to talk to your team because this is an issue that keeps coming up.

I apologize. I'm not here to give tips. Okay. You keep thinking I am an expert with tips.

I mean, we could use some tips quite honestly because, uh, you know, social media these days with Facebook and all of the disinformation that's out there. We could use some tips in order to sort of stay away from it and navigate.

Take a note from Nick and listen, she's saying she has no tips and you're saying, but we could use some tips. I'm saying just the tip. Just the tip.

What if you have a live show? What if you have a live show you want to promote? Does she? Yeah, we need some tips.

Listen to me for one second. All of you. I'm not here to give tips. Okay. What I do is a very specific thing for social media, but it is not the tips for comedy people to listen to.

How to get more followers and that kind of stuff. Yeah. We all can use some more followers. I would imagine. I mean, you don't have any sort of insight into that.

No, so, okay. What I do is I work for a company. Let's say right now, first simple. Basically, buy and be on the.

So a company like this boy and beyond they hire me. Okay.

Okay. And I go on to their Instagram page. So Instagram page.

This boy and beyond it. Let's say that somebody comment on the post on there. Like, Oh, I went to buy and beyond.

I buy a year. Cureg. And inside my Cureg. I find a lot of little hairs.

Then what I do is I go on the comment and I say, okay, Kelsey.

I'm so sorry that you find all his little hairs in the Cureg.

Why not take your segue and go drive into a lava lake.

Oh, a lava lake. Like a lava. Some would argue that that is a tip. Yeah.

No, technically it sounds like a pro tip. No, no, no, no tips. This isn't for a company like, let's say for example, that's by and beyond it.

Okay, sure. Yeah. So you best buy and beyond essentially pays you to be an internet troll. Is that what you're doing?

Yeah. So, well, it's for people who they, let's say somebody go to best buy and beyond.

And they buy something like a washing machine. Sure. And then they find a big lump of hair in the washing machine.

And then they go on to Google plus in the comment that I find the big lump of hair in my washing machine. Then I comment, oh, okay.

I'm so sorry for the hard day for you. Making your laundry.

And your poor little kid had to see a big thing of hair in there. Oh, I'm so sorry.

Why not take your Fiat and go drive down the Grand Canyon and explode.

Oh, that I, that's harsh. I mean, that's very harsh. I mean, you're saying you don't give social media tips as much as you on behalf of companies threaten the lives of people of consumers who dare.

And this complaints about what's happening to their products. Yes. They do what I do. It's also specific to people that find hair and products. Is that what you guys do specifically?

No, it's not specifically. Is there a hair problem at Best Buy and Beyond? Is there, is someone, one of those hippies who works there? Maybe they're getting into the climbing into the machine and taking naps? What is going on?

No, because I work for all different kind of company. So I work for Best Buy and Beyond. I have worked for Best Buy and every time everyone have a different kind of complaint.

So I think so specific and it's my job to be like, I don't think so. Karen, I don't think you are right about that. So wake up.

Someone for seeably hire you to respond to the people whose entire life goal is to let a podcast know that their episode hasn't uploaded yet. Like, is there a way someone can hire you?

Maybe Jean would like to hire. I would love to hire you for some, because every once in a while, you know, a podcast comes up, you know, a podcast that you put up weekly for free comes up like two minutes late.

And people like to just tell you that or tell you there was something weird about the audio. Is that's, can you hire someone like you to tell them to put their dick in the lava lake or whatever what you were saying?

Like, in the nachos. In this case, you know, I would find it the comment wherever it is. How much of your job is that is finding the comments.

It's a big chunk of the big chunk of the job. So I have to patrol all these different types of sites. You know, you don't get tips yourself. Like no one's giving you a tip like, Hey, there's a there's a comment you're going to want to respond to.

You know, there's a tip angle, Scott, there are no tips involved. I'm either side. That's what I'm saying. And you don't give tips. This is what I'm not receiving.

But you don't tip. This is what I hear. You go to the room.

Well, that's true. Yeah. So you and I would get along.

Scott's tips are frosting. That's all you need to know.

So, no, yeah, I had to find a comment. So I look at all the different sites of Venmo. She's quick pay. If I'm a comment, I'll come on that.

Chase quick pay chase quick pay. I believe. Oh, even the comment on chase quick pay. Before a company, let's say in this case.

Is that where you're going first, by the way, Chase quick pay. I would go to Yelp. I'm here in Chesapeake Bay.

Chase quick pay. So many comments. Chase quick pay. I'm being bitten beyond about about beast by beyond. So I had to say to them. So I see comments on something like I find.

I buy, you know, with iPhone 11 case. Inside iPhone 11 case.

Was a ponytail of hair. I'm sorry. On the chase quick pay site.

People are complaining about best buying beyond. Because they used to chase quick pay to pay for it a sense of play.

But who hired you when you hunt down the chase quick pay?

Is that on behalf of chase quick pay?

We have to stop saying chase quick pay.

Chase quick pay. No, chase quick pay is a platform. But I get hired by so many different companies. Best buying the end of it.

You know what you should do is you should have the regular companies that hire you. But then also get money from chase quick pay. You're getting paid twice to do the same thing.

No, chase quick pay is a platform. Is it like a platform?

Could you give us some tips as to what like what constitutes a platform? Stop with some fucking kids.

Not here. Is it just as it sounds? Is it chase quick pay?

Chase quick pay. And you just can pay real quick quick with it. Do you need to chase account there? Or what are some tips in order to use chase quick.

I see what you're trying to do and I'm not going to fall for it.

Okay, let me rephrase. Let me rephrase. Do you have any helpful hints regarding chase in their play?

I have a lot of hints. I have a lot of hints.

Just give us a little hint. As someone who grew up buying video game magazines, I know this entire thesaurus of words.

They're all in the same fucking umbrella, bro. Let her go off. Let her go off. Go off, Queen. Go off, Queen.

Okay, so let's say that you go to. And when I say let her go off, I mean, let her give a fifth or six example of what her job is.

Is that really? I think we're about to nail it down exactly with circling what your job is. If we need a couple more examples and I think we'll all have it figured out.

So it gets you guys don't know what I do. It's a company like, okay, first we start with a company.

Oh wait, companies are hiring you? You come up with Ivan.

Oh, that's a good idea. Let's just have an idea.

Okay, so Simon and Ivan is a good company because there's a bigger one with a little money.

Although they are franchisees. So does that play come into play ever? Does it become difficult because technically 711 is an inside job?

So you know, it's a great thing.

I mean, I guess it depends on how much money the person who only franchise pays.

Like Jason, for instance.

So yeah, he's a dresser and richer.

Yeah, have you ever asked him about his quick face status for the listeners, Nick Thune shrugged that I'll just help get that information out.

I know it's a lab answers to now shrugs.

It's a great for put case.

I know you're not here to give tips, but are you down to get any tips? Because I think I have something that could help your job a little.

Yeah, yeah. Gino has experience with trying to get things off the ground.

But my pitch would be if you ever...

I didn't say if I wanted it or not yet.

Well, Gino's used to just posing the question and then barreling ahead. So you have to get used to his rhythms.

Well, you got to keep in mind sometimes I have an answer I want to say.

And I'm just front-porching it a little bit.

So here's my tip. Use it if you want. I don't know if you want this tip.

You know what this tip is for everybody, but maybe it works for you, Basmus Balgneze.

When you go on these sites, maybe just hit Apple F or Control F, which is the search function, and then type the word hair.

Because I think a lot of your problems come from people...

Their follicle related definitely.

They're of the follicular nature. And I apologize for giving you a non-consensual tip.

They did was... I did not give you consent. I did not say yes.

This is going to be an issue for the show. This is how Gino gets canceled. That's going to be the win.

Well, look, Francesca, can you stick around because we have to take a break now?

But I really am still a little unclear as to what you do and who hires you.

We'll need some more examples. And Nick, how are you doing?

You're sweating, you're wiping your brow.

This is a lot of work.

It's hot in this room.

Why don't you go to a different room?

I can't. I can't.

Okay, great. All right. Gino, please stick around.

Any other questions about that?

It's like you're in court or something.

I was going to leave, but you need me to stick around and talk over the next person.

Yeah, good. You got it.

I didn't say if I would stick around, but I guess...

Okay, I guess you are. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We are back. We have Gino, the intern, Gino Lombardo, his new show.

What is your show called, by the way?

The Gino Lombardo show, putting the tit and titular, baby.

That's right. And people can get that on Stitcher Premium.

Is that right?

Yeah. And don't ask me any follow-up questions about how that thing works, but go to Stitcher Premium.

Or if it works well or anything like that.

Actually, you know what? If you have any troubleshooting, just please tweet at...

Francesca.

His phone is amazing.

She'll be able to handle it. She's good at responding to all you guys.

And yeah, as a reminder, the Gino Lombardo show is on Stitcher Premium.

I'm the host of it. I do not run the back end RSS feeds of Stitcher Premium.

Sure.

And neither does the comedian John Gapers.

So you don't have to reach out to either of them for troubleshooting questions.

Just fucking listen to it or don't. I don't care.

I think maybe they're hoping you'll pass it on to the parties involved that...

Well, like all long island comedians know each other.

That fucking fat fuck John Gapers and have my number.

And also, I work in comedy. He was on an MTV 2 show 10 years ago.

Right. Yeah. What's he been doing lately?

God knows.

We also have Nick Thune live streaming from under the weather.

Should people hit you up with any problems while it's going on?

Like, oh, I'm having trouble accessing the stream.

Is that part of the hour that you're going to do?

Is responding to those kind of complaints?

Yeah, crowd work. Yeah, we'll be doing a lot of crowd work.

Because maybe you could hire Francesca here to sort of respond to these people who are having...

Yeah, I love her responses.

Yeah, they're very like, you know, aggressive, but at the same time, they're just suggestive.

Sure. Yeah.

They're consensual.

You say, why don't you kill yourself?

Yeah. You should kill yourself.

Yeah, exactly. That's...

Why do you all do that?

That's how you stay on these platforms and don't get kicked off.

It's the word.

Why are you not? Why do you not do that?

Why not?

Yeah, it's being a platform on the Zoom right now and getting so many comments about finding hair.

People are finding hair on this Zoom.

People are using it as a platform to comment about the best way of beyond.

Oh, interesting. People are opening up Zoom to comment on Best Buy.

You're just jumping from Zoom to Zoom hoping that you're guessing meeting codes and hoping you land on someone and over here and you can react in some way.

It's basically my exercise for the day because I'm just jumping, jumping, jumping.

Well, look, we have to get to our next guest if you don't mind.

He is an author and from what Gino revealed earlier, I guess he's not a motorcycle riding demon.

He's a ghost rider. Yeah. Please welcome to the show Dale Creamy.

Hey, Scott. Thanks so much for having me. I really appreciate it. Yeah. Gino is right.

I am indeed a ghost rider, which means I don't get credit for the things I write.

Okay. So you do not have a solo bibliography.

You unfortunately, if anyone were to look up your work, you would need to look up the person who takes credit for it.

That's right. Yeah. You have to look up the person who is taking the credit and you'll read their book.

And I kind of am known as somebody who massages it a little bit. I beef them up. I juice them up a little bit.

So they write a book and then what you do is you massage it a little bit and beef it up.

Yeah. I give it a little bit of juice. I give it a shot in the arm. I make it a little bit more interesting.

A lot of these people, they write their stories and they realize, holy smokes, my life's kind of boring.

So they say, Dale, do something and get the juices flowing a little bit.

Make this pop a little bit. Yeah. So what are some of the books that you've- Thank you, Nick Thune.

Nick's really scoring in the third segment here.

It seems almost like Nick just didn't want to talk to Scott.

I like Nick, but not anybody else on the book here.

Nick Thune is the hero of C-block.

So Dale, who are some of the people that you've written books for?

By the way, when I hear Ghostwriter, I usually think of someone who writes a complete book for someone, but you require them to write the book first.

That's right. Yeah. I make them do it first and then I do the Ghost writing afterward.

It's my own system.

And I, I mean, part of the reason I'm on the show is because I'd like to get a higher profile clientele.

I'm only doing local guys.

Oh, okay. So you want to remain Ghost writing. You just want people with- Bigger names? Yeah. I wanted a little more skin in the game.

Sure.

I just wrote something from my buddy Ryan Cunningham.

He's a friend of mine lives around the block and it was a snooze fest.

Yeah. What was- Okay. So what was his book like that he wrote and then what were your editions?

So it was his book was about growing up and playing minor league baseball.

And I added some stuff- That sounds interesting. I got to say. I mean, I don't think so. You would think so.

You know, he even got kicked up to the majors for a couple of games, hit a whole run.

Oh, oh my gosh. Yeah. You would think that would be interesting.

I mean, just you saying these things as piqued my interest.

You just juiced up your own story you were telling. I just watched you live, Ghost write that own tale.

And that was pretty interesting to me. Trust me, there was no juice, Gino.

Cunningham just doesn't have the juice. He doesn't have the juice. So I added a thing or two.

I had him have a sexual awakening where he saw a 65 year old man with a goatee.

And he just found him so attractive and so beautiful.

That passion inspired him to hit that home run in the majors.

Okay. But I mean, that wasn't based on any real facts.

Yeah. Was there some other stuff in the book that you kind of jujed up and massaged up to being like, he's fully has a sexual wake. Did he mention goatees or?

He didn't bring that up. No, but I've seen him look at my goatee a time or two.

How old are you, by the way? I'm 65.

Okay. And did you name the 65 year old man with a goatee in the book?

I just call him Mr. She. I didn't want to give anything away or sure.

I mean, that was what they did in Happy Days and it worked out for them.

Yeah. Always giving hints and tips about Mr. C. I wonder what his last name is.

Right. It was sort of like a will there, won't they reveal?

Reveal, Mr. C at the end. Yeah.

So yeah, you know, Ryan, he wasn't crazy about it.

Yeah, I can imagine. I mean, did he, what was the reaction like?

Well, he's technically also a Mr. C. So was that like, was that a little, did it get muddy for him in that way or is he a party for him?

So I just, I was like, all right, notes are fair. I get it.

And I changed his name to just D.

Wait, you changed his name? He's the guy with the autobiography.

I changed his name.

He's Ryan Cunningham's name to D and you go and this character, Mr. C is the 65 rail man with the sexuality.

So why would anyone read this book if it's about a guy named D that no one's ever heard of?

Well, have you heard of Ryan Cunningham, Scott?

Well, that's a good point.

And plus, I mean, hey, you were the one that brought up Mr.

C on Happy Days of Work there.

That's good.

So were you able to sell this book?

We brought it to the farmers market and I told, so we sold three books.

Oh, I told him if we wanted to make the changes, we would only sold one.

Okay.

Who buys this book over there at the farmers market?

You know, mostly people looking to, we got, we lucked out.

Somebody's table was out of whack and they needed to balance it a little bit.

And they bought a couple of books.

Oh, okay.

And I was like, hey, as long as you read them.

And I said, Ryan, who cares?

So what you're saying that if you didn't change the name that they would have only bought one book to balance their table?

That's right.

Yeah.

Thank you, Nick.

Because when you switch the name to D, it shrunk the amount of letters and the book got way shorter.

So it wouldn't have been able to actually.

Oh, less pages.

Less pages.

It's a quicker read.

It's a little less.

It's just a breezy tome.

It's more massage, a little more beef, but a little more juice.

Yeah.

There was no juice before.

There was no juice.

And now it's a friggin high sea box.

It's spraying all over the place.

It's a friggin.

We got a Peter North box over here.

Oh, I'm going to have to steal that genome.

I'm pretty sure I stole it to go for it.

So have you had any other experiences with writing anyone else's books?

Yeah, I've written a few.

Luckily through Ryan, I've met some other people in the neighborhood.

And where is this neighborhood?

It's a small town in New Hampshire.

And that just has a high concentration of people writing memoirs.

Yeah, memoirs are the new trend in town.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

We just had a memoir author on last week, so Arden Marine.

So a lot of people are writing them.

Did you have juice?

Does she need something in there?

Her's had juice.

Her's had a lot of juice.

Her's was a little too sopping wet for my tastes.

Okay.

Just juice dripping down off the pages.

So I think she appreciates this review.

Yeah.

I think she, I was expecting more of a dry sandpapery book.

And instead it was just a dripping wet.

So who else, who else in your town was writing the memoir?

Well, my friend Barbara, she tried to write an autobiography, gave it to me, said, Dale, I don't know what to do with this thing.

So I gave it a read blah, blah, blah.

She went, I guess she inspired the movie, Medicine Man.

Medicine Man with, with, uh, song-conquerings.

Yeah.

And she, the chick who runs the risk of the fish swimming up her urethra?

I think that was, I mean, I don't know.

I never saw the movie.

I've only seen, I remember from the movie, anyway.

So I read it.

It's a snooze.

I mean, maybe I've seen the movie.

The movie is a snooze too.

I bet.

No juice.

No juice at all.

So I added this scene where she's at the premiere Smurfs 2.

Okay.

It came out in 2013.

So she's at the, the local premiere, you're not flying to Hollywood or any of the movie night.

It came out back in the 90s.

So is this just like a hard time jump from all of the events that inspired that to now 2013.

Oh, expand your mind, Scott.

New, new books now you jump.

Did you see the Michael Jordan biography?

It's jumping all over the place.

So, uh, you added this scene and what happened at the premiere of Smurfs 2?

So she's sitting next to a 65 year old man with a go to, smells a little bit like string cheese.

Hmm.

She's like, am I attracted to the Smurfs?

What is going on?

I am having a sexual reawakening.

And she leaves, she goes home and she just looks through Facebook seeing if she can connect with, you know, the stranger she bumped into it.

Smurfs 2 in 2013.

And wait, so this is years later?

This is years later.

She just, she keeps dreaming about it.

How is she looking it up on Facebook?

I'm not quite sure what the search parameters are.

Is she looking up 2013?

Is she looking up string cheese?

I can tell you, I can tell you what she is.

Oh, these are tips.

Yes, please.

No, not a tip, but no.

But I know, I know for a fact that if you search in Google and then you go to a page for like a Lowe's, Lowe's and then below in Lowe's the comment section, they, they will have comments in that's where I think she find them.

Yeah, she probably did find him.

You know, it's open for debate.

I left it a little ambiguous in the book.

So certainly, yeah, that works.

It could be Lowe's, you know, and I think the book is, it's different now.

It's a little, it's a little bit less of the medicine man stuff.

It's a little bit more of this mystery romance.

How did Barbara take the changes?

Well, that, that tells, that tells me my question, Scotty.

Dale, how do you deliver the changes?

Do you pitch them or do you just say, let me see the book and then you give them a fully new version with all this stuff in it?

Gino, I give them three words.

I got this.

Do you ever say the word juice as well?

Because that would be a fourth word.

I wait till I give it to them and I quote one of my favorite ad campaigns all time.

And I say, Barbara, the juice is loose.

I don't know that that was an ad campaign.

It's going to move you.

Now it was a campaign.

Oh, it was?

Okay.

I thought it was a shot.

Oh, okay.

I'm confusing it with what they used to say when OJ was driving around the white Bronco.

They did say that too.

Oh, yeah, that slogan was he fucking killed her.

He fucking killed her.

I swear to God, he fucking the guy from naked gun killed her.

That's what I remember from that.

God, I would love to do his memoir.

Was his name was his name, Norbert Nordberg?

Oh, okay.

That was very confusing when I went to go see Norbert.

Yeah, that'll that'll that'll mislead you for sure.

Yeah.

Now, what do you say if you get to do sort if you do OJ's book, do you say this is got plenty of juice?

So right?

Like, what do you how do you hate juice to the juice on juice?

Yeah, that's not possible.

Is it?

Well, I say one, let's change the title.

We got it already.

It's juice on juice.

That's true.

And then I say juice.

What the fuck is this?

And I get him a little I get him a little steamed, right?

Because I say, hey, tell the problem is some juice.

We're not giving them anything.

That's massage this baby.

Let's use it out.

Yeah, let's use it out.

Yeah.

So in my version of and I've written a spec treatment for OJ Simpson.

Oh, good.

I would love to read it.

Yeah.

Send it to me after the show.

But yeah, go ahead.

Definitely.

Yeah, just give me your address and you can just say your address now if you want.

Yeah, and you can say your phone number in case anyone wanted to get a hold of you, by the way, like your friend Barbara or oh, Barbara killed herself, unfortunately.

Oh, where's that logic number?

Gino, I need you on this.

That probably makes the book more valuable.

Yeah, so the book is sort of going to be, you know, her, her story and it's important.

Now that is locked in as her official tale.

And I left it at the Memorial home for a family to read and pass around and kind of, you know, have as a testament.

It's more powerful than, you know, stone tombstone in a lot of ways.

I sure the family loved that.

I'm sure they love reading it.

They did.

Yeah, they were.

Well, reviews were mixed because they were so caught up with emotion.

They didn't want me around.

I had to leave the books in a box outside.

Gino, did you get that logic number for me?

You sent it to me.

It's 1-800-CARS-4-KIT.

No, that's not right.

Oh, yeah.

Sorry.

I was distracted.

I was unsubscribing from campaign.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

So, so what happens in your version of Jesus book?

Well, he finds Barbara's autobiography.

And he's inspired.

He's just like, wow, he gets so caught up in that scene, it's Smurfs 2.

That he's there.

He's that Smurfs 2?

No, he's just reading about it.

Oh, okay.

In the spec memoir you did for OJ, he picks up another book that you go through.

A big chunk of his biography is reading Barbara's memoir.

So, this is like the Castle Rock universe here.

I mean, it's all interconnected.

It's a book with Ina book.

Yeah.

He's connected with the 65-year-old goateed guy.

Well, he has a bit of a sexual reawakening, Nick.

And he just finds himself just his hormones are pumping.

It's like he's on New Genix or something in his testosterone.

Like Frank Thomas?

Yeah, the big hurt.

And he's testosterone.

He's just pumping and he feels good.

And he feels strong again.

He's felt weak and he's had arthritis problems.

But now the sexual reawakening has given him strength.

He starts dating again.

He gets a new blonde girlfriend.

So he doesn't start dating the 65-year-old guy with a goateed.

It just inspires him to start dating a new blonde girlfriend.

Right.

He starts dating a new blonde girl.

But it's really, there's an undercurrent of he's kind of like dissettification.

He's the skin.

Yeah.

And maybe he's just imagining there's a Grey Goatee under that 30-year-old friend.

Full lips.

Yeah.

Well, this is wonderful.

I mean, I hope that that gets written.

I mean, you wrote it, I guess, what I mean is published.

It's written?

Yeah, me too.

Do we know how Frank Thomas' wife feels about him taking New Genix?

Oh, everybody does.

She's pretty happy at all.

I'm not quite sure what New Genix is and why you guys have connected on it so hard, but I love it.

You need to watch more programming that repeats the same free commercial over and over again.

You can see Frank Thomas selling New Genix on TNT at two in the morning.

Dale, I have to ask, we have a guest on here who frankly, I think, could use a little juice.

We have Nick Thune here.

Thank you.

And his first segment was, you know, if I'm being honest, Snoozeville.

Well, I want to be honest.

I think there were some big hits in that first segment.

I think so too.

I think Nick was so engaging with the one words with the size.

Right.

Hey, size matter.

Yeah.

So Dale, how would you sort of give us a few details about your life and maybe we'll see if Dale can kind of, you know, give him a little juice and give him a little boost.

Okay.

Yeah.

A few details.

I'm a father.

I'm right-handed.

Oh boy.

I see what you mean, Dale.

Yeah.

Wait, that's plenty.

I'm already got a screenplay idea.

Father right-handed and I love pizza.

So what hand do you use to spank your kid?

I'm left.

Oh, okay.

I don't want to go full hard on it.

You're going to eat with your right hand.

These are such unique details.

Yeah.

The child abuse gives me something to work on a little bit.

So let's start there.

Say you're beating the shit out of your kid, right?

Yeah.

And you are going to town and you're fucking breaking left hand.

Whoa.

All right.

And you're crying and some old man, young at heart, but you know, most people think he's old.

He's walking his dog by and he hears, I don't know, you know, a middle-aged guy moaning over the sound of a kid crying and he says that middle-aged guy is in trouble.

So he knocks on the door and these two guys just connect.

Okay.

They just- Immediately electricity.

There is a, there is a current in the air and- This sounds like something I would do by the way.

So this is good.

Open the door?

Yeah, it fits.

Yeah.

I open that door.

Someone knocks on it.

Yeah.

And the two of you just, it's a hug, but it's one of those hugs.

It's more than a hug, if you know what I mean.

Oh yeah.

And then you just leave it at that.

You drive out.

You leave your family.

Mm-hmm.

And then you just move to the desert, find yourself.

Okay.

And then in the desert, you find a buried treasure or something.

I don't know.

We'll add a pirate element to it for the kids.

It's a woman named Barbara's autobiography.

In there is, well, you know, I've done that genome.

So right, right.

So I figure he finds juice on juice.

Mm-hmm.

The spec bio you wrote.

The spec bio, yeah, I wrote as a matter of fact.

Yeah.

I love our shortening speculative and biography.

Just to save time.

Spec bio.

Where he also gets infatuated with the other book you wrote.

Right.

It's kind of a snooze until you get to that part.

So wait, you're writing the snooze?

Oh, who just snooze?

Why aren't you juicing the snooze?

Juice on juice.

Juice on juice is a little bit of a snooze until he gives you some of the snoozes.

I can argue that your neighbor, whatever his name was, Richie Cunningham or Ryan Cunningham and the other gal.

I could argue that they were snooze festes, Barbara.

But aren't all James Simpson having, he played in the NFL.

He was a movie star.

He was a murder, a led to murder.

He jumped over a suitcase.

He was famous for gloves.

He bought and sold his own memorabilia.

You know, he came to shoes.

Yeah.

I'll give you the hurt stuff is interesting.

Okay.

Everybody's got one good story.

That's true.

But you can only make so much of that, you know, and I can only sneak so much into these people's work.

You know, I'm not a miracle worker.

I'm adding as much juice as I can, but everybody needs juice guys.

Why are you only allowed so much juice though?

Why?

Like juice up the entire thing.

Well, Scott, you're the kind of guy who would behead the goose, the lazy old golden egg.

Yeah.

So too much juice.

Too much juice spoils the broth.

Is that what we're talking about?

Yeah.

That's a great way to put it.

Too much juice spoils the broth.

Okay.

That's not a bad title for maybe my autobiography.

Yeah.

I love to see what you could do with my story.

Yeah.

We could beef it up.

We could juice it up.

We could just soup right now.

It's just broth.

We want beefy beefy broth.

So I don't know.

I'd probably pick up, you know, probably or it seems like a lot of your life recently is kind of a snooze.

No offense.

I probably don't know how you know anything about me, but yeah, the last six months, especially has been total snooze.

So Scott's on stage, right?

He's doing comedy.

He's bombing.

Okay.

Next time.

I mean, okay.

The same character.

You're saying the audience is just waiting for four or five interesting people to join him.

And then he looks in the background.

Are you saying he's riding on the crest of people being excited to see the show and nothing really attention to what he's saying?

Yeah.

And that's all sinking in and he is sweating and it ain't from the heat brother.

So he looks out in the distance and he sees one smiling 65 year old man.

Mm.

No tea, does it work?

Something about this guy just gets his blood pumping and he is feeling heavy in the trousers, if you know what I mean.

Okay.

I didn't know what you mean.

Yeah.

So you see this old guy and you're turned on.

I didn't realize this was continuing.

Oh, yeah.

No, no, it's okay.

Yeah, I was going to kind of put a button on it, but no, let's send it out as is.

I'd love to hear a button.

So do all of your books end with a question?

Well, I kind of want to leave this dot, dot, dot the end question mark is maybe we could turn this into a series.

Yeah, exactly.

Well, that's how all series start with a question mark after the end.

The end after episode one.

Got it.

You sound like Nick Zoon when you say the yeah, exactly.

Does that make you like me more?

Yeah, a little bit.

All right.

Well, we just have time for a feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Yeah.

Mm.

Short and sweet.

I love it.

That is it's called plugs.

Yeah.

Bye Brad Suzuki sidekick.

So thanks to Brad Suzuki sidekick.

All right.

What do we plug in?

Gino, obviously we have the Gino Lombardo show that comes out weekly for 10 weeks.

That comes out weekly for 10 weeks and all your favorite asshole characters are back and new freaks that you've never even heard of a saw before all of Long Island.

I got big Long Island celebrities this time.

I'm not going to spoil who it is here, but tease it out.

Big Long Island celebrities.

It's got to be Alec Baldwin or former members of the Trump.

But political team.

We've got a former adult men who dated high school girls and eventually would have several TV shows and become legendary comics.

I'm going to have alcoholic guys who crashed their cars in the Hamptons who also happen to be amazing recording artists who have a monthly show at MSG.

You're not giving anything away with these, but I'm not going to give anything away, but those are the kind of biggest and we got guys who are think their comedians, but really they just leave their daughter off of voicemails.

We got all kinds of Long Island heroes coming around.

It's going to be sick.

I cannot wait.

So in the first one.

Roboco Gino one free month.

One free month in the first ones out today and they'll come out once a week.

Fantastic.

Now Nick Thune who was just taking off his headphones as I addressed him.

I had a little hair issue.

Oh, well, now you're speaking Francesca's language.

Yes.

Hello.

You want to tell him to go jump into a volcano or something?

Yeah, you can take your little yellow kitchen and light it on fire.

Okay.

Nick, I'm going to do that.

If people are listening to this on Monday today, your show, the full hour of comedy, Nick Thune live streaming from under the weather.

That's tomorrow on Tuesday.

If people are listening to it on Tuesday, it's tonight.

If people are listening to it any further in the future, you missed it.

You should add along.

Is that right?

That's unfortunately for them.

However, there will be more shows in the future once things open up.

That's a great thing about this pandemic is I was so worried shows were going to stop.

But innovators like you Nick have found ways to keep them going and I could not be happier.

Got to find something, right?

Yeah.

All right.

Let's go over to Dale Creamy.

What do you have to plug?

Oh, Scott, I've been listening to this podcast, The Action Boys.

I checked it out at actionboys.biz.

That thing's got juice.

Really?

It's juicy.

I'm familiar with this podcast as well.

Very juicy.

Okay.

It's beefed up.

It's juicy.

Episodes average to be about two hours and 45 minutes long.

No, I've heard it.

It's good or not.

It doesn't matter.

I've heard it's just people complaining to each other about the process of recording.

Is that what the show is?

There's definitely some of that and boy, is it juicy.

So people can get this at actionboys.biz.

That's correct.

It's a Patreon, but there's free episodes.

Isn't that right, Dale?

People can get some free episodes if they want to wet their toes and just tungs.

Yeah.

Look for action boys on podcast apps and you can just download a bunch of freebies.

Well, wonderful.

I want to plug.

Let's see.

Comedy Bang Bang.

What about Francesca?

What the hell is opening?

I'm saving the best for last, of course.

Oh, OK, then you go first.

Comedy Bang TV show.

You can't watch that anymore.

It's not on Netflix.

Oh, between two words of the movie, you could watch that.

So check that out on Netflix.

All right, Francesca, what do we got?

OK, yes.

Got that.

I want to say thank you so much for having me.

You sound so sarcastic right now.

Thank you for having me in your little podcast with all your friends.

Nick, Ben, and everybody.

I'm going to sign up to a platform to complain about you.

And I guess that you can go to this platform, Twitter or Instagram, and follow a very cool account I found.

L-I-L-Y-Y-L-Y.

Well, why?

Why?

OK, thank you for coming to Comedy Bang Bang everybody.

Have a good night.

No, you don't get to end the show.

I end the show.

Everybody, at Comedy Bang Bang, we love you guys.

Bye bye now.

No, no, I end the show.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Closing the plug bag.

You start with a sea when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you hold.

Oh, bring it up to plug bag.

Take your hand and open it up.

Generation you'll come and then he just says, open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep it fucking open up the plug.

Open up the plug.

Open it up.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much, Geno.

I've continued success, although it's taken you eight years and you've only been on, you know, you've done a fraction of the episodes.

I don't know how you're ever going to graduate.

Oh, I'm working in therapy to reevaluate what I consider success in this business.

Oh, good.

I think that's wise.

And that's me, Geno Lombardo saying that, of course.

Of course.

Nick, great to see you.

I hope everything's going well for you out there in quarantine with, you know, not only your son, but also your right handedness and your pizza.

Thank you.

And Jason down at 7-11.

Yeah.

And it's kind of the whole crew.

And we need you to come through on that vaccine, buddy.

Yeah, believe me.

I mean, I know you're a long shot, but we need it, baby.

Yep.

Steps away.

Okay, fantastic.

And Dale Creamy, thank you so much.

We...

Hey, Scott.

Thanks so much for having me on.

I hope this, you know, if anybody needs something written for him, you hit me up.

How do people hit you up?

You should have done the stirring plugs, by the way.

Right.

Yeah.

So I'm talking about action boys.

Stop being so much.

I got so confused.

I'll put my phone number in the show notes.

Okay.

I don't know how you have access to the show notes, but...

And Francesca Bolinese, Bolinese.

Bolinese.

I would say good.

Not from Bologna, but from Sicily.

Sicily.

Sicily, yeah.

Yeah.

I would say it's good to see you, but I don't want to lie for the first time ever on this podcast.

Thanks, Scott.

You know, I will see you in the comments section of Chase Quick Pay.

That'll be right next to the show notes.

Yeah.

So that'll be very convenient.

We can talk there, but for now, everybody, thank you for coming and watching.

No!

All right.

Well, yeah, everyone.

Thank you for coming.

For watching Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll see you next week.

Thanks.

It's time to officially end the show.

Cut audio.

Yeah.

You I'm going to go ahead and get started.
