---
layout: page
title: 677. Taran Killam, Paul Brittain, Ryan Gaul [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-677-20201005-KillamGaulBrittain-ACv04-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I know a bird in the hand is worth two in the bush, but can you please let all those crows out of your pants while we're eating?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Well, well, well, thank you to Son of Champudler.

Oh my goodness! Champudler, congratulations!

Wow! Good tidings are upon us because Catchphrase Superstar Champudler apparently had a baby.

And that baby is already a catchphrase savant, has already sent you a catchphrase.

Thank you so much Son of Champudler, and best to your entire family, and best to all of the families of all of the listeners listening to this, and all of the non-listeners not listening to this, all families across the world, good tidings to all.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Ockermann, I am the host of Comedy Bang Bang, and this of course is humanity's podcast, formerly America's podcast, until we realize that was too reductive and not fair to our friends in other countries and on other continents.

Humanity's podcast that does not include aliens, so if you are an alien who is hidden amongst us and living as a human, or as far as we know, as a plant, as a potted plant somewhere, or, you know, I don't know if these aliens can shape shift into anything they want to be, or just something humanoid.

In any case, this podcast is not for you, not for you, so please turn it off.

But for the rest of you, please leave it on, and let's leave it on until the end of this show, because we have an amazing show for you today.

It's a special time when these three gentlemen come visit us.

We've been talking to them for years and years.

I want to say perhaps eight years or so, and we have chronicled their adventures ever since.

They are the owners and proprietors, and, you know, some people are just proprietors of the businesses that they propriet.

They do not own the actual thing, but these guys own it.

Some people own businesses, and they just leave it to others to run the businesses, but these three gentlemen own and are the proprietors of the Calvin's B...

Nope, sorry, of the Calvin's family, B. Honey Taffy Farm and Horse Fighting Ranch.

Please welcome back to the show Chico Hands, Bever Hoapox and Bizby St. Hancock, aka the Calvin's Triplets.

Hello, gentlemen.

Scott Lee!

Oh, Scott Lee!

Oh, boy.

Am I happy to be here with you?

I'm feeling frick-frapple, candy-apple, dibble-dapple, windy from Snapple.

Exuber and joy to be back in your presence.

Oh, my goodness.

This, of course, is Bever Hoapox, and I would love to hear a greeting from all three of you.

Why don't we go to Chico Hands next?

Scottie!

Scottie Ockerman!

So great to see it here, you!

Been too long, my friend!

It certainly has.

Chico Hands, wonderful to see you, and then Bizby St. Hancock, I'll take a greeting from you as well.

I woke up this morning and knew it was going to be a special day when I got out of my box and headed out the door.

I knew it could only get better, and you are that man.

Okay, that leads me to a question, what box are you getting out of?

Do you mean your home, or do you have a special sleeping box?

Is the sleeping box?

The ladder.

Of course, it's a sleeping box.

A real man doesn't need a mattress, or not...

You're sleeping a box, huh?

It's a Calvin's family tradition.

Every October, we try to get back in touch with the land.

So we get out of our domiciles.

We construct our own either oak wood or cedar wood box.

Oh, cardboard.

I'm born in a pinch.

Yeah, you mentioned cardboard, Bizby.

I'm born in a pinch.

We place it behind the stables, and we sleep in those boxes all 31 days of October.

And you make it as small as possible.

It's gotta be tight.

You don't have any extra room.

No, it's dropping.

Rip, rapping.

Big bucking.

Sidewalk, chocking.

Bathtub, caulking.

You too talking to me.

Rory, caulking.

Slipping around in those box, in your sleep box, Scott Lake.

So, Bizby, what kind of pinch were you in that yours is cardboard?

Well, it's for a lot of people.

Money is tight right now.

Of course, yes.

I mean, they're being a pandemic, which I want to get to soon, but...

You shouldn't go to the pandemic, Scott.

Let's stay away from it.

Well, sure. I mean, I want to address the topic of it.

But money is tight for you, Bizby, and not for your brothers?

Well, I believe it's tight for everyone right now.

Well, but more so for Bizby.

Because you see, as you know, Scott Lake, Bizby was a late entry into the family.

He's always been a family.

We just didn't know about it till about three years ago.

And so, in our father's will, Bizby stated in his will that no late entry into the Calvin's family, B. Honey, Taffy, Farm and Horse, Fighting Ranch can accept proceeds from the Taffy portion of the family.

And I own that.

And by the way, the Taffy portion has been the most successful recently.

Correct.

But you're not allowed to take profits from it.

He owns it. He can't take profits.

It's Taffy season.

That's a hard shot of pills to swallow during Taffy season.

Can you take losses from it?

Mm-hmm. I take all the losses from it.

Oh, give him all the losses.

That's right.

They call it shortage, all the return product I have to deal with.

Oh, no. What do you do with it all?

That's a lot of Taffy.

I do what everybody does with used Taffy.

You bury it 30 feet on the ground, have a bit of a seance.

And to make sure that the Taffy gods are all happy before the Taffy, is no longer laughing.

We've had a bee-honey horse fighting season two with them Taffy gods, the rage that they brought upon us.

If a Taffy god strikes Smite's you, Scott, you haven't been smoked by a Taffy god, you suddenly stop to the ground.

Oh, so they have the powers of Taffy, these Taffy gods.

They're sticky.

They're very sticky and goopy if it gets hot.

Do they have any other powers other than Taffy related or is it simply Taffy related?

Are they some sort of Taffy totem?

No, they're not Taffy and other thing gods.

They're strictly Taffy gods, Scottly.

I see.

So they are goopy, they're sticky, they can stretch.

I would have had them.

Mysterious and goopy.

They're all together, Ookki, Scottly.

They're Taffy gods.

So, I want to, for the new listeners, to explain sort of who you are.

You're three brothers, you're three triplets, even though you have different names.

Chico Hans, Bever Hope Ox, Bizbiz St. Hancock.

All legal and above-bolts.

Sure.

Yeah, no one's accusing you of anything.

But you all, you run this Calvin's family bee-hunting Taffy farm and horse fighting ranch, which is out there, as I recall, out there off of the certain freeway.

You take to get there.

So, you got to wrap around that 210 interchange.

Sure.

Then you take the 115 overpass, head west for two exits.

Okay.

Then pull over to the side of the road.

Because there's a weird satellite, there's a weird vortex where satellite, Google satellites, can't find you.

And you got to wait anywhere between 13 minutes to about an hour and a half.

And let those satellites find you.

Because then you're going to realize you were going the wrong way.

Oh, no.

Once they get a lock on you, you got to turn around.

You got to get off that exit.

You turn back around.

You got to do the 115 overpass again.

You get to the 215 head west now.

If you're heading- Stay left.

Stay left.

You got to stay left.

Do you ever go to the 215 underpass?

Only if you want to anger the Taffy gods.

No, no one wants to do that.

No, so then you're on the 215 and what happens after that?

You'll see a big sign.

You'll see a big, big neon sign for our nemesis.

The decker, sister, Hornet, honey, and Carmel Pig-Fatten Ranch.

Do not go there.

Do decker, sisters, Hornet, Hornet, honey, and Carmel Farm and Pig-Fatten Ranch.

And it is just as crooked as the day is long.

Those sisters, those deckers sisters are flip flatter, chip, chip slider, doth vader, RIP Ruth Bader, Las Vegas Raider, giggling Bill Hader, just doing this.

There are a bunch of doing this.

Oh my, I've never, we've never talked about the decker sisters.

And we won't.

Okay, well maybe someday I'll reach out to them to see if they want to be on the show with you.

How many decker sisters are there?

There's three, they're triplets.

Believe it or not.

That would be too many people to have on the show.

Six people as well as me, but maybe we'll get there.

But so once you see that neon sign and that's not very, I guess, country, it doesn't have the country aesthetic that you would expect from a Hornet, honey, and Carmel Farm and Pig Farm and Ranch, just a big, you know, garish neon sign.

Well, they're backed by the SeaGroom's family.

So, okay.

Just the ginger ale part though.

Oh, do they have a similar deal that you do with the Taffy thing?

Was there a late addition in that in the sisters there?

There was the, we said we weren't going to talk about it though, but I will.

Okay.

It was Marsha Brandy, what is the sister that it was late into the decker sisters family.

And now she's also not doing very well.

She's, yep.

Yeah.

Now they don't sleep in boxes though.

Because they're women.

Oh.

Well, how does the anatomy of a male figure into the sleeping part of the boxes?

Exactly.

What they do, they wrap themselves up in tin foil and they stay warm that way.

Now you're probably asking, what about this ginger ale god?

Where does that come into play?

Well, the Hornet, the Caramel's, which Marsha Brandy has to deal with, the Caramel's that come back that get returned from customers, which when you deal with shitty caramel, you're getting a lot of these Caramel's back on a daily basis.

Now what she'll do is fill up a box with all these return caramels.

There could be on any day there could be between 12 to 150, maybe some upwards of 1000 caramels come back in one day and she'll go out there and they'll take a hole.

Probably take a hole.

Take them a while because they got to get you got to get through that first base layer of crust.

And now it'll put the other caramels into the hole and they'll bury them up.

Just a bit, just a tiny bit of a say on top of that to make sure that the ginger ale gods are all.

Okay.

And that's that's the end.

That's step one.

Oh, if only we had time for any further step.

Uh, uh, Bisbee, I have to say you're sniffing a lot.

Is, uh, is it, do you have allergies or heavy, heavy allergies?

Then why are you sleeping outside in a, in a sleeping box?

Well, honestly, I don't have a choice as we've told you, we have to do that.

It's taffy season and it's the 30 days of, of 31.

Are you only doing 30 days?

We don't, we don't celebrate.

You don't.

Why not?

We don't even, we don't even acknowledge it.

Oh, I would assume that the taffy farm, which by the way, we haven't even gotten into the horse fighting ranch for people who have never heard any previous episode, uh, with you guys part of, I mean, some would say almost the entirety of your business is taken up by breeding horses to, uh, have boxing matches to the death with each other.

Is that safe to say?

Right.

Horsemen fights elite, very strictly regulated, very brutal, very violent horse fights up under hind hooves.

They're loved up.

We've introduced head gear.

Oh, okay.

That must be got to wear a mask, got to wear a mask.

Cause if you think COVID-19 is bad for humans, it's worse for horses.

Oh, no, I had no idea.

Well, think about it.

How many legs does a human have?

Oh, let me count.

I'm going to have to look down for this.

If that's okay.

I'll take your time.

One thousand one.

Oh boy, I'm going to, I'm just going to gently guide you to the answer.

It's too scotlet.

It's too.

That's right.

Humanoids have two legs.

So horses got four of them legs.

Does COVID attack the legs?

It's that's where it is.

My understanding.

And when you got double it, now you're dealing with COVID-38 and thousands family be on it and have a farm in the whole spot and ranch has been struck hard with a little COVID-38.

Oh, no, that is a terrible situation. Are your horses doing okay? I know. No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, if you if you were mortified at the death rate from like our active legal horse fight and bouts, which I think we did the math was somewhere between three hundred and five hundred horse depths a day. Millions per year. That's why I'll do it. That's why. Those numbers have gone up by seven, eight percent. Oh, my seven or eight percent. So somewhere in the one hundred thousand range. Yeah, a day a year. A year. A year. Sure. That's not that bad. Well, yeah, I guess you'd say the two hundred human does isn't bad either, huh? Oh boy. Oh boy. I'm not saying that.

I'm not saying that at all. Any death is a tragedy, almost any death. Could I could I just quickly correct one thing that you said? Sure. Chico.

One thing you said that, I believe you mentioned that we breed all of these horses.

Now, you know, that's not true.

I don't breed the horses. We go to horse. Oh, that's right.

Yes. Yes. You go to horse births that are off property. Correct. Yeah. Exactly. And when the horse is born, when the horse is born, you know, right away, if that's a fighting horse, if that's not a fight, you can smell it. You can smell it on the horse.

Okay. So you're going off and I can't recall the percentage of horses that are born that are fighting horses. Very small number. Very small. Very small. Less than one percent. I would say less than one percent.

We really got to keep statistic. We ought to write this stuff down sometime.

Yeah. So you're going out there to just thousands, if not millions of horse, if not billions of horse births every year. Every year. Yes. Got it. One horse, one horse out of 176 horses that is born will be a fighting. That's exactly that. That's the statistic.

Now those odds. But once you find one, I mean, do you make a deal with the person who owns the horse or do you abscond with it under the cover of darkness? It's a rare occasion where you got to steal a steal a fighting horse under the fall of fall of night under nightfall. But that's happened. That's happened. Yeah. Mm hmm.

We put out a full cat burglar shoe and we like a white striped shirt. The whole thing.

Black and style mask. I mask it. Get out of it. Sure. Play that music. We bring a little radio and place some. Yeah.

Dum, dum, dum, dum, dum, dum. Oh, so sneaking around music, not like Mission Impossible Heist. Well, we changed. We'll change it when we get in the heat of the thievery. Sure.

Yeah. But it goes on a little more. A little more oceans 11 than Magnificent Seven. Oh, Oh, I got it.

A kicking base with an electronic sort of melody.

Ah!

Wait for the drop and boom.

Wow.

With horse sounds.

No, no.

Wow.

So, yeah, we haven't even gotten to the horse fighting part of it, as well as, I guess, the horse stealing part of your business.

But we're focusing on the taffy today.

I would assume that October is a huge taffy month, what they're being Halloween, but, Bizbee, you're saying that you don't even celebrate or nor acknowledge Halloween?

No, I can't acknowledge that, that holiday.

The day of the walk and dead is what it's known in our family and we've never acknowledged it.

Because you watched The Walking Dead on Halloween once?

Well, we do it every, now we do, I don't like to even say the name of it.

We wake up very early and we watch all, how many seasons are there?

I think there's 12 or something like that.

We watch every single episode starting in the morning on Halloween.

We have to watch it in fast forward.

Yeah, one and a half time speed.

I don't even think that would get it done honestly one and a half.

I think you just, if you just pressed the fast forward arrow three times, maybe you could be away.

Well, we got different screens for each season, Scott Lee.

Oh, we got 12 monitors up on the wall.

12 at a time.

Oh, so you're watching them simultaneously at one and a half time speed.

Okay, got it.

Well, we each watch one TV and then we'll rotate and then we'll have a quick break and talk about the plots and kind of exchange that.

Change ideas.

How they compare contrast, how they relate to the graphic novel, which were all very big fans of.

Sure, Robert Kirkman, of course.

Yes.

So it seems like the later you get, I mean, the more often you've been doing this, it seems like you'd be able to retain the knowledge a little better because you've been doing this so long.

Oh, no.

No, okay.

I can understand 364 days go by.

You can't recall everything that you got it.

You know the amount of responsibilities we have working on this farm.

I mean, yeah, just going to the horse births and then stealing some of the horses.

You know how much time it takes to go to those horse births every day?

I would imagine that would take up the majority of the day, but why don't you tell me?

It takes almost the entire day from midnight until midnight the next day.

So you guys are waking up at midnight?

Yeah, of course we are.

I'll get out of my box.

1145 to shower and groom.

So do you want to show up looking like a slappy waffle?

Dribble, dropple, hip, apple, catch the quaffle.

Harry Harry Potter nonsense, man.

I guess not.

Yeah, you want to show up looking your best so people know that you're serious.

I'll tell you the one time.

The one time where we did wake up in midnight and we were rushing to our first horse birth was the first time we had to steal that baby horse.

Because we showed up and I remember, I remember that this, I remember much better than any walking dead plot.

We showed up and the breeder that horse fight, it was a, I looked at Chico, Chico said, I smell it, I smell the honey.

And I said, Chico, you ride this, this is gonna be, this is gonna be like the day of the hoyah horses.

Hey, remember what I said?

Yep, were you there?

You said, you said, say it with me.

You said, I said, hey.

Who are you going to go?

We're going to eat on the way home.

Oh, come on, come on.

From this horse birth birth is possible.

I would make the bread.

The bread, yeah.

To do the sandwich house.

Sandwich house.

Mm-mm.

Chico, what's, your eyes have been glazed over for almost the entirety of the first A-block here.

What's, what, something going on with you?

Well, I'm thinking about the bottom line on our taffy season.

And thus far, we're only a few days into October of the 31, but the numbers aren't great.

And we haven't been selling a lot of taffy, huh?

We're trying to push this damn taffy and people aren't trick-or-treating this year.

Maybe they aren't making a plan too.

And so we got a, we got a surplus of taffy lying around.

Oh no.

And we're not getting it out the door.

And, I think you know what happens.

I think you know what happens.

I actually do not know what happens.

So I would, you know.

Well, you can imagine what happens.

I'm not imagining anything really.

Well, if you were to use your noodle up there and just give a quick thought to what you think.

Unfortunately, have no thoughts regarding this.

I really could use for you to enlighten you.

Easy enough to surmise.

Just exactly what.

Been trying to surmise.

And unfortunately that is not working for me.

So if perhaps you could use your words and...

Oh what?

Yeah!

You just got to connect the dots, Scott.

You got to connect the dots.

These dots are unfortunately unconnected.

They're just pinpointing all the time.

Think of literally everything we've told you in the last 30 minutes.

Jack-a-sisters, Taffy surplus, cardboard boxes, COVID-38.

By the lines.

The big sticky man upstairs.

So everything that we've talked about in the last half hour should lead me to the conclusion that...

I still am not getting it.

Think of all the different flavors of boxes of Taffy hanging out at our branch.

Just think, Scott.

Think of all those flavors.

Think.

You got a branch.

Branch flavor Taffy.

Branch flavored.

Is that what...

Not a said branch, but we do have ranch as well.

Oh ranch.

Oh okay.

What I was going to say is that a tree branch is a little bit good.

A tree branch is a little bit good.

Raising crance branch.

We got Bruce the lanche.

Oh okay.

We got a lot of...

It's got a little bit of a bite, but overall it's pretty soft.

I once saw him tear up a parking ticket that he got.

He came out of a building, went to his car, saw a parking ticket.

Theatrically tore it up into confetti pieces and threw it into the air.

I loved it.

You know, Skylar, I love to hear when you're towing shifts and you reach into your actual personal life.

You get a little behind the scenes.

Well, hopefully that'll happen for all of us.

It's a different tone.

It's a different decibel as we can all see with all these technical meadows sitting in front of us.

Sure.

Yeah, you have a lot of equipment there.

I love it.

It's a taffy farm in horse fighting ranch.

So all of that put together, unfortunately, I am coming up short.

I cannot think of what would happen.

So perhaps Chico, you could just tell me.

I'm going to come right out and tell you if by the end of taffy season, that's the end of October, you are left with more than 250,000 tons of taffy remaining on your farm.

Unsold.

The taffy guys will come down and they with their taffy arms, they zap all that taffy and lightning shoots out and all that taffy coagulates together into one gigantic taffy demon.

No, that will haunt you for the next 334 days of the year.

That is until the next taffy season.

So like a taffy golem?

Yeah.

That's what it is.

Exactly.

It's got to.

I guess you can't think.

And I apologize.

I apologize.

I didn't put all the pieces together.

It seems obvious.

I mean, you can lead a horse to a horse fight, but you can't make a scotlet think.

Thank you, pardon.

Well, so this is this taffy demon?

Is it visible to the public or you say it haunts you?

Is it only visible to the three of you?

Well, we can see it.

I guess you'd have to come along with us to determine if other people could see.

You know what?

There was so we've only seen it one time, scotlet.

When we were young, when we were young boys under the guidance of our papa and our papa had a had a real rough.

It was during the during the sixties and if there's one thing hip is hate, it's tap.

It's good quality taffy.

Right.

Taffy season 1964 and it was okay.

So this is right when the Beatles were coming over to America.

You know, mania, it's about to explode.

Also known as the Taffy second coming.

Okay.

And there were hippies those little horny little girls watching Ed Sullivan getting all gushy for the first time looking at me.

I don't think I want to talk about it.

Going to that dad and some Taffy to feed this sinful lust.

I'm feeling in my loins.

But before that, it was dark days.

It was dark days, scotlet.

So you you you glimpsed the Taffy demon when in the sixties, literally November 1st, November 1st, 1964.

And and we were we were like, Daddy, why are you crying?

Our father was not an emotional man, but we came to wake him up from the final night in his box.

And we said, Daddy, Daddy, we could hear you crying from all the way in the main house.

Why you said, Daddy?

And he said, I have two hundred and fifty million tons of Taffy that is going nowhere fast.

So he had exactly two hundred and fifty million tons that I mean, if only he could have two sold to the one piece.

He's a one piece of you guys could have eaten one piece.

And you know, you know, who canceled their order for 15 pieces of Calvin's family Taffy the night before.

Bobbie decker.

Oh, the the matriarch of the decker, sisters, Hornet, honey and caramel farm and pig farm and ranch.

You nailed it.

Very same.

That brains getting shopping, shopping and all daddy.

My daddy.

He crapped himself.

He was crying so hard.

He was so terrified because suddenly a Taffy got appeared and a Taffy got to imagine like the most terrifying, scary, imposing, inflatable car sales figure that you ever seen.

You see that car dealership, those flippity, flappity, air driven tension grab.

Sometimes they say cars for sale next to them.

Yeah.

No, those.

Thank you.

Thank you, Bizby.

Yeah.

Sometimes they might say mattresses and have an arrow or sometimes they'll say like paper sale and I've seen them at gas stations as well.

Yeah.

And then you'll think you'll go, Oh, that makes sense.

This is outside of a paper store.

It's a great.

I'll catch it.

All right.

Sometimes they might, you're not sure they'll be in between two stores and you're not sure which one it's trying to.

Which one corresponds to the awesome.

But you think maybe maybe the managers of both stores got together and said, Hey, maybe we go in on this together in that way, that way they can each benefit.

I found most often that's the case.

People love to go in on a flop.

It costs.

It's not, it's not cost efficient to own one.

Right.

Out right.

And to rent one, I mean, yeah, not cheaper in the short term, but in the long term.

Yeah, you got to invest for a long time.

If you're going to buy one, here's the deal about buying versus leasing.

If you buy that inflatable man, you're stuck.

What if your business goes in your stuff?

You're stuck with it.

Yeah.

And you can upgrade because every couple of years you're getting new technology with these inflatable men.

Sure.

So you want to make sure that you have the guess I haven't seen the new technology in the last couple of decades, but, but no, but, but Bisbee, I, yes, I can picture it.

Thank you so much.

So, so you're saying the Taffy demon looked a lot like that.

The Taffy God looks like that.

The Taffy God does.

The Taffy God.

That's the Taffy demon look like.

Well, when he, he sort of the Taffy, Taffy gods are powerful.

Taffy gods are vengeful, but they're also very respectful.

So what he did is he came down flapping his Taffy limbs, and he looked at our, at our crying crap pant father, and he just reached out of hand and he just wagged a little finger.

Just went, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.

And then he snapped and, Scott Lee, you would not believe how quickly 250 million tons of Taffy has turned into a mountain sized Goliath with like, with like real mean eye, like, kind of frowning eyes.

Frowning eyes.

Yeah, that's, oh, that's so scary.

Really mean being big.

And he was about to eat, he was about to just, we could tell he was about to take out a whole horse fighting stadium in one foul swoon.

No.

And he was built by then when he was going to, and then she go, and then she goes, said, daddy, I'm hungry.

And grab, grab the piece out of the big, just off of the, the, the demons toe.

Sure.

Chomped on a swallow and the things like that.

But, but you must have paid him for it because the, the rules state that they need to be sold.

Did you flip, flip your father a penny?

I was always flipping coins like that.

That's one of the only things we used to do for fun.

You walk around, you flip a coin in the air, you catch it.

And I happened to be flipping it as I reached for the demons toe and, and the corn landed in one of the taffy demon folds.

And that kind of has a transaction.

That, that has a transaction.

So it was purchased and I ate the toe and we would say that was it for the.

Amazing story.

That's, I mean, the, the luck.

I can only imagine what would have happened if, if for the next 300 and 34 days you were haunted by that taffy demon, that's how frightening that would be.

But that seems to be in your future.

If you don't get rid of your taffy, that's the concern.

That's the concern because I think the demon probably learned from that little, and so it's going to be, you know, protecting itself from having any taffy stolen from it.

And also it's not accepting any cash transactions at this time.

Oh, oh, it's cashless.

It's giant.

Exactly.

Oh, thank you.

Going to cashless transactions that hurts so many, so many people are going to society and I'm going to matter to a two, a two hundred and fifty million ton taffy demon.

Plus how, how over the two hundred and fifty million tons are you with the taffy?

We got seven hundred and fifty trillion.

Oh, see, trillion.

Unsoldered.

This trillion.

So just eating a toe at this point isn't going to, going to do much.

No.

Well, look, guys, we need to take a break if that's okay.

I want to get more into your, your taffy farm and maybe some possible solutions in order to get rid of this taffy.

But we do need to take a break.

We are going to come back with Chico hands, Beverly Ho Pox and Bizbee Saint Hancock will be right back with the Calvin's triplets and comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back here with the Calvin's triplets.

Of course we have Chico hands.

Oh, we have Beverly box.

Whoa.

And Bizbee Saint Hancock.

And collectively they are known as the Calvin's triplets three brothers.

I, I believe by blood.

I can't recall.

If you are all actually related to each other, but why get into the lore and the history when we could be talking about their current situation.

They are the owners and proprietors of the Calvin's family, be honey, taffy farm and horse fighting ranch.

And they are also the owners, I guess you would say of 750 trillion tons of excess taffy that's just sitting there on their farm.

I guess in boxes or laying on the ground.

I'm not quite sure you start mostly loose loose piles.

Piles and heaps.

Mounds.

So maybe we could just sort of brainstorm solutions for your situation because I quite frankly, I don't know how you're going to get because what's the level you need to be under 250 million tons.

Million and you have 700 and 50 trillion tons.

Yeah.

We're way over.

And why did you make so much?

It's taffy season.

We, we just do it.

We just put it on autopilot and those taffy plants will bloom in this year, Scott.

But it seems like you could maybe make it to order, especially in a year where a lot of people don't have a bunch of disposable income and we're waiting for.

Well, then what do you do if you have a family pull up and they want some taffy just on maybe they're on their way as an impulse buy to go to the lake or something.

Exactly.

And if you have to look at a family in the eye and say we don't have any right now, we're going to have to make it what flavor do you want?

That's our little nightmare.

That is our nightmare.

We wake up.

Swear time tonight.

All screaming that swells screaming in the boxes screaming in our boxes.

More brunch taffy.

How many times, how many times, Bizby, have you had to shake me and be like, well, we got enough branch taffy.

It's okay.

I've had to open his box.

I'd have to grab him by the shoulders and shake him and say, God damn it.

Wake up.

We have the taffy.

We have it.

We got it.

And even then I'll be in the eyes.

I'll do everything it tells me to, but I still think maybe this is still a nightmare and he has to slip a little branch taffy into my mouth.

I'll do it.

That'll settle you down.

I'll just settle you down.

Open his little cheek and shut with my finger on the shiver right in there and let it kind of dissolve overnight.

He's the strongest fingers of all the Calvin's triplets.

Yeah.

Well, how do you take that, Chico?

You're fine with hearing that?

I mean, or have you always thought you had strong fingers?

Funny you should ask.

I have the strongest toes and that's undeniable, but my fingers have been arthritic for a number of years now.

Oh, I'm so sorry to hear that.

The strength that I once had has been diminished.

But if you want a toe wrestle with me, I do it, Scotland.

Don't do it.

Don't I know we've made several wagers.

No, you know what?

Do it.

Come on.

I can't tell.

Lay down on the ground being hustled or laid down.

I just need to calm verse.

I'm taking off my boots right now.

I don't think I don't think that I want to toe wrestle, especially with you bragging about how strong your toes are.

Plus with the fact that it's not really that hygienic these days to be toe wrestling with someone.

Oh, I wear condoms on my feet.

You got to because COVID affects the legs.

That's right.

Okay.

Well, I, you know, I don't have 10 condoms.

Unfortunately, I've been using too many.

I got 10.

I got, I can give them to you.

Well, I also.

They're dry.

They're the dry kind.

They're dry.

But dryest.

Are they extra small too I'm seeing because I unfortunately I've long toes.

So I don't know the exact size, but they're Trojan powdered extra tiny.

Sounds like you do know the exact kind.

Oh, yeah.

Look at that.

They put it on.

Yeah, I don't think these are going to fit on my toes, unfortunately.

So I'm going to have to take a pass on this, but all right, rain check.

Well, take a rain check on the toe wrestling man.

Right.

So you guys, I think that you could split the difference between 750 trillion tons and being out.

If one family ever comes by the taffy farm, it seems like there's a middle ground there.

I'll admit it, scall they we were arrogant.

We thought in this time, in this time of of once in human history, global pandemic, people are going to be sitting at home.

People are going to be needing to fill the hours.

And what better way to feel an out allow?

Then with some taffy.

I guess I've never thought eating taffy really should take up the majority of your focus.

Even in an hour, I don't know that I could focus on just the eating the taffy for the full 60 minutes.

Oh, well, then you're rushing through taffy and that's just criminal.

Good taffy.

It takes time to chew, time to to moisturize.

You got to get your spits mixed in with your taffy to get it out of the gaps again.

And when you've had a Calvin's family piece of taffy, you can't do just one.

Is that when you when you say it's criminal, do you have your own laws there on the taffy farm and horse fighting, if we see you take one piece of taffy and not continue on to another, we are well within our legal rights to put you in a box for the month for the month of October, at least.

So a sleeping box or is that a euphemism for a coffin?

In a sleep, it has to be a regulated sleeping box.

Oh, okay.

So you're not threatening to kill me.

No, no, no, we like it too much.

It's like a fourth or fifth time he has gotten it.

If we wanted you dead for taffy reasons, we'd have done that the first time.

Well, I've never been to the taffy farm, unfortunately.

Yeah, yeah.

I've never received, received an invite.

So here's a piece right here and you'll see, you should try this piece right now.

Take your time chewing it.

We can give it take if not the full hour, take at least 40 minutes to eat it.

I see right on the wrapper.

It's a Calvin's taffy.

Once you chew, got to have at least two and look in the back.

Each piece comes with its own magazine.

So which which magazine did you get?

That looks like a thicky.

It looks like a sticky, thicky.

Guns and ammo.

Yep.

That's a good one.

Oh, and I need to click this user agreement here on the wrapper.

Is that what it is?

Click it on click it.

With my human mouse, AKA my finger.

Mm hmm.

Click that before you eat it.

You could have you could have Bigs be doing for you.

His fingers are strong.

Okay.

Retreat over.

I prefer you not to reach over to my the taffy that's going into my mouth and I could do it with my toe.

That's even worse, I think.

But you know, I think I may not want to eat some taffy for the next hour.

If we're in the middle of a show, I think that might affect my performance somehow.

Okay.

Long notes of your job.

That makes sense.

That's a good flavor too.

What which flavor is this?

Milk.

Taffy.

I mean, to be honest, it doesn't sound bad.

It's not bad.

It's good.

Is that your slogan, by the way?

Of course it's not bad.

It's good.

That's right.

Yeah.

Calvin's dribble with taffy.

It's not bad.

It's good.

Of course it's not bad.

It's good.

Well, guys, I don't know how that you're going to sell this much taffy.

I mean, of course you could burn the taffy.

Of course you could put it in a landfill, but the agreement with the taffy God obviously states that it needs to be sold.

It needs to be purchased.

Well, we were hoping you could help us with that, Scott.

Maybe we could start a comedy bang bang telethon right now.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

We can have people call in.

We could have you guys doing a sort of variety acts and stuff like that.

So yeah, why don't we start it off here?

It'll be sort of like the Jerry Lewis telethon, which is something that I used to watch as a child, which would go all night for 72 hours and Jerry would stay awake.

Of course we don't have that kind of time.

If we can stay awake for the next say half hour or so, we could do one right now.

All right.

I'm willing to try.

Do you need to take some caffeine pills or anything like that?

I could do my, I could do my stand up.

Yeah, this, this sounds great.

So why don't we start it now?

This is, does it have a special title?

Probably the Calvin's family be honey, Taffy, farming horse, rotten, fan ranch, Taffy, Taffy God.

Daffy God stopping flip flop in fab, five in stay in alive in a dog, disease, sizing, cold 45 in hula, balloon telethonic, travel, gazza.

So I, if I have this right, it's the Calvin's family be honey, Taffy, farm and horse fighting ranch.

Taffy God stopping flip flop in fab five in stay in alive in a Dell disease, sizing, cult 45 hula, balloon.

I think I missed the last part of it.

Hula, telethonic, travel, gazza telethonic, stravaganza.

All right.

Do we have a theme song for this?

Yep.

♫ Diddle-love-bop do do do do do, nettle Do do do do do is one of you like the Ed McMahon style announcer who would be talking over this or no Why don't you start over Sorry Into the good part to Well, welcome to the telephone.

Why does it have a title if you're not going to say it?

Oh, sure.

Welcome to the Calvin's family.

Be hunting, taffy farmer, horse fighting ranch, taffy demon stopping, flippin, fab five and state alive in a Dell disease, sizing, Colt 45 and hullabaloo, telethonic, strava Gansa.

Why did you go ahead?

Why did you go ahead and call the number that I'm sure Scott is going to gladly provide?

The telephone is just starting.

A chat to one of our one of our phone operators to make a sizable purchase of Gans family.

Never.

Wake up.

Make a sizable purchase of Gavin's family taffy to a great holiday gift.

And you know what they say?

It's not bad.

It's good.

Call us here at 1-800-800-00 and you can talk to one of the Calvin's triplets here.

So oh, it looks like we're getting a call here.

Line one, you're on the line.

Hello.

Hi, what's your name?

Scott.

Your name's Scott or you're saying hello to me, Scott.

No, your name's Scott.

My name is Scott.

What is your name, sir?

Brian.

Do you want to say your last name or do you want to remain semi-anonymous?

Brian, Brian, it's so great to hear from you.

Brian, you have called into the Calvin's family bee, honey, Taffy farm and horse fight and ranch, Taffy demons stop and flip flop and fab five and stay alive in a delt de zim size and Colt 45 and halo blue telethonic stravaganza in order to purchase some Taffy I'm hoping?

I would love to purchase some Taffy.

Yeah.

How much Taffy are we talking that you want to purchase?

I would like three pieces of Taffy.

Three pieces, all right.

Well, and how much are you willing to pay for the three pieces?

75.

75 cents.

Does that sound fair or is it no deal?

Take it, take it.

Price is a price.

Price is it.

Price is locked.

25 cents a piece.

What flavor?

What flavor would you like that Brian phone?

Do you guys have hoisin sauce?

Shit.

We can make it.

Well, make it.

You're going to make your own hoisin sauce?

Well, flavored Taffy.

Oh, I say you have hoisin sauce here at the ranch.

We can mix it up.

Right.

Okay.

Is that sound okay to you?

Do you want all three pieces of that flavor?

Now that you mentioned it, how about two hoisin sauce flavored?

And then another one.

Hold on.

Give me a goddamn pick.

I'm writing it down.

Okay.

We're never going to get through 750 trillion tons this way.

Never say never.

Never say never Scott.

Piece three, piece three will be.

Because our biggest, our biggest, our biggest sort of like marketing tools, wood of mouth.

So I have a feeling.

Okay.

Make these hoisin sauce taffy's.

Ship him off to Brian fun.

Wherever he may be residing.

Where do you reside, Brian?

Gardenia.

Okay.

So not too far.

Not too far ship.

I'm on to God, Dean.

Yeah, he's going to try.

You think word of mouth is just going to catch fire and everyone will be calling it.

Oh, I've got good.

I've got a good feeling in my bones about it.

Scott.

Okay.

And that third piece of Taffy, Brian.

Right.

The pork chops.

Great.

We do have that.

Okay.

Good.

Ryan, do you want to?

Yes.

Well, just most of the Taffy we have in that seven hundred and fifty trillion tons is pork chop flavor.

Oh, that's going to work out then.

Brian, do you want to talk to Chico?

Sure.

Is he there?

Yeah, Chico's there.

Say hi, Chico.

Hi, Chico.

Very funny, Chico.

That's one of my jokes.

What's going on, Brian fun?

Hello, Chico.

Nice to meet you.

This is my first time knowing of you people because this is your first telethon.

Yeah, I wanted to ask, are you a fan of Taffy or you're a fan of, obviously you haven't heard of the Calvin's triplets before.

So were you just listening to the telethon and you heard about Taffy and you thought that sounded good to you?

That's exactly what happened.

I'm a big fan of Taffy and I happen to be turning the dial and I landed on the dial.

I'm a fan of Taffy and I'm a fan of Taffy and I'm a fan of Taffy and I'm a fan of Taffy.

There definitely is a whole deal going on.

What do you do for work, Brian fun?

I'm sure.

This means tabulating the order, by the way.

He's ringing everything up on an old-fashioned register.

Okay.

And this is...

So to pass the time, what do you do for work, Brian?

I'm an insurance claims adjuster.

I'm also an Instagram influencer.

Oh, I don't know that those two things have ever gone together before.

How fascinating.

I only want to.

Brian, Brian fun?

Yeah.

Did you want to put in a coupon code?

Yes.

Okay.

That's going to be, gosh, that's going to be make those.

Your first 10 pieces are free so that's going to qualify for this to be a free order.

Okay. I'd like to use the promo code October.

Oh, shit.

Does that change things?

Bizbee?

No, he gets the free frisbee with it too.

Oh, okay.

So does this count as selling the Taffy?

No, and he gets his next six orders for free.

Oh, no.

Next six orders are the next seven pieces.

No, six orders unlimited size.

Okay.

So is there so technically, Brian, you could you could request all 750 million trillion tons.

Yeah.

Do you want to request that?

Well, I don't know where I'd put all that one.

And number two, for my understanding, that would have no effect on the Taffy demon because they got to get all of it for free.

No, you could you could put it anywhere, by the way, you could put it in your backyard as long as you hose it all down.

That'll keep it.

That'll keep it shape, I guess.

I don't have room for that.

But also I'm concerned for you fellas.

You know, we appreciate that, Brian.

We really do.

And you've touched our heart.

And this is perfect because it's one of those sentimental moments that you have in telethons from time to time when they bring out like, you know, a sick child or something like that.

So Brian, thank you for being our sick child.

And I got to say, I think I speak for both of my brothers when I say that if you receive all 750 trillion tons of these taffy's and you enjoy it, that's worth a couple of eternal damnations as far as I'm concerned.

Wonderful sentiment.

Mm hmm.

Brother, I don't know.

Bevha, I've been reviewing the Taffy farm fine print.

The demon deal.

Written on a Taffy rapper.

And he says right here that you can't give away the Taffy.

And if he's ended in a promo code, that's technically a giveaway not a sale.

This isn't going to work.

This is like a loss leader for you guys.

Yeah, unfortunately.

But he took three pieces.

He gets it for free.

So Brian, thank you so much for calling in.

And do you want to promote your Instagram handle?

Yeah, well, my Instagram handle is Brian fun smiley face.

Oh, 1000.

Now, do you mean the word smiley face?

Because if you're trying to put an emoji, that's not going to get it.

Yeah, it's not going to get nothing's going to come up.

So it must be the word smiley face, Brian fun smiley face.

That's right.

Written out smiley face.

And then written out 1000 the word.

So one, O and E and then TH, O-U-S-A-N-D.

You got it.

Yeah.

Okay.

And then and people can and what do you influence?

Like what style of Instagram influencer are you?

Is it clothes or is it a lifestyle or?

It's more eating food and I give little reviews.

Oh, well, you give these guys a review?

Well, I'm go yes, I plan to and I'm going to.

Okay.

Well, we'll check back in towards the end of the show to see how your review is of their Taffy.

Fantastic.

Yeah, we're going to send out a carrier right now with your own.

It's a God.

Oh, I thought it would be a drone.

It's actually a it's a horse.

Stop taking a pack.

You have delivery horses.

Yes.

Oh my gosh.

All right.

Well, thank you, Brian.

Thanks for calling in.

Great to talk to you.

Great talking with you as well.

Bye bye.

Okay.

Well, guys, wow, we made it.

Do do do do do.

Yeah, we made I guess we didn't make a dent at all.

There is less Taffy, but you can't give it away.

So you need to make three more pieces.

Yeah, we got to make three more pieces just to come up to par and then we still got a cell.

Although, although, Bizby was making the two hoisin pieces.

So technically, you just those are just those are they already exist.

I'm just going to add the flavor to those.

You were.

We have a we have well, you have to make new pieces anyway.

Why don't you just make two hoisin pieces or three hoisin pieces?

Why don't you mind your own Taffy business and we'll get it done.

You're right.

I don't have a Taffy business, but we're right to run one.

I think I would run a considerably better than you three gentlemen.

Well, I know.

Loads, loads, shots.

Sorry.

But look, we need to take a break if we can.

When we come back, we are going to have more of this telephonic stravaganza.

And as promised, Bizby St. Hancock is going to do his stand up act.

And also we're going to check in on that Instagram review of the Taffy from Brian fun.

But so much more to come here on Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back with the Calvin's family bee, honey, Taffy farm and horse fighting ranch, Taffy demon stop and flip flop and fab five and stay alive in a deldazim size in Colt 45 and hullabaloo telephonic stravaganza after this.

Hey, bang bang, we are back here.

We have a Chico hands, Beverly, wholepox, Bizby St. Hancock, also known as the Calvin Striplets.

And we are in the middle of the telethonic stravaganza.

I don't feel like I need to say the name again.

But during the break, we've received how many calls?

Bev, did you get a call?

Six.

I got no calls.

No calls.

I got six calls, but you mean about the telethon?

Oh, yeah, who's calling you?

Oh, about about other.

I call them once.

Yeah.

That's in the same room, but there was a blood dial from Chico.

Yeah.

And then then it was just just a I got tested for COVID.

It's negative.

So we can all feel congratulations.

Okay.

I got a call from me.

Taffy gots for that.

Confirmation of my podiatrists upcoming appointment.

Your podiatrist has an appointment somewhere?

Yeah, and he just wanted to let me know about it.

So one time my podiatrist got lost for 17 days.

Nobody could find him.

And somehow that fell in my head.

He wants everyone to know where he is.

He's just like never again.

Never.

Where's he going?

This time he's a diltaco.

He made an appointment.

Yeah.

Classy guy.

It's a cheat meal for him.

So we just he like to put in his little book.

And then one, I think was a wrong number.

The other was just a robo call.

And then the other one was Chico Buttdoll again.

Okay.

Interesting.

Okay.

So nothing about the telethon.

No, zero calls on the telethon.

Zero calls.

Oh wait.

It looks like the phone lines are lighting up here though.

Let's take a call.

All right.

Hello.

You're on the telethon.

Hey, hey guys.

Hey, a big fan of your stuff.

Sorry to hear about the whole demon situation, but just really would love to make a purchase for my family.

Great.

May we have your name?

Sure.

This is Dylan Dylan Peter and I'm actually repeat a purchaser of Calvus family Taffy, best Taffy in the world.

If you ask me and welcome home.

Yeah.

Thanks.

Thanks, Fisbee.

Yeah.

So I would love I'm going to use them as holiday gifts this year and I cannot highly recommend it enough.

And I would.

I want to tell you a moment.

A different moment.

What which holiday?

A holiday gift.

Yeah.

I'm going to I'm going to use them for Secretaries Day.

Okay.

When is that usually that's I think we call them assistance now.

I'm sorry.

I spoke a Secretariat's day.

Oh, okay.

The anniversary of him winning.

Correct.

So I found the Calvin's family through the horse fighting initially and got season tickets.

I've kept that going on ever since.

What is horse fighting season?

It seems like you guys do it year round year round.

Yeah.

So you're there every day.

Yeah.

365.

You know what 365 except for except for Halloween when they when they shut down for that day just to see all the horse first.

And I thought they were watching the walking dead that day.

That's what I meant.

I'm going to spoke.

I misspoke.

It's about as gory as those zombies.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So obviously walking dead day we get off.

I spend that with my family.

But yeah, I would love to order.

I'd love to order five 10s of Tabby please.

Five 10s.

Okay.

How many pieces does that end up being?

How many tons?

How many tons is it 10?

I 10.

Did you say 10s or tons?

I said 10s.

Five 10s.

But well, we have we have three different size of 10s.

That's right.

The small, which is just 12 pieces.

Yep.

And we have the large, which is 25 pieces.

And then we have the big, the big old 10.

Yeah, that's what I mean.

So big old 10 is a trillion tons of taffy.

Whoa.

Okay.

So you want the trillion tons.

So I'll take it.

Guys, if you can make this sale, then you only have 749 trillion tons left to go minus 250 million tons, I guess.

Are you okay with them?

A mix of flavors?

Yeah, I'll take the variety pack.

No pork chop flavor, please.

Oh shit.

Oh, yeah, you were saying before the break that the majority of your taffy is pork chop flavor.

Do you have enough for a trillion tons of?

I think I think all about, but about like 20 to 30 pieces of pork chop flavor.

Oh, no.

Can I can I ask you do it?

Yeah.

What's going on?

What's your problem with the pork chop flavor?

Well, I just I just don't care for it.

Did you have because if you had last year's last season's pork chop, this season's very different.

Was there a problem last year with the pork chop flavor?

Well, yeah, I went bad.

Okay.

So it was like rancid meat flavored.

It's like there are actual little pieces of pork chop in the piece and those they went rancid, but they also solidified.

It was like chewing on taffy.

Taffy filled with rocks.

Why do you like their taffy if you had this kind of experience?

I think it's tradition.

I love the tradition.

It makes me go sentimental for early days at the horse fight.

I mean, it's a tradition because you're there every day, but Halloween walking dead day.

That's right.

Okay.

So can we interest you in this year's flavor?

Yeah.

This year, this, this is more of a dry rub pork pork chop flavored and there's no chip last season.

We had pork chips in this season.

It mixed in this season is just a puree.

It's a puree.

I think it's much smoother, much smoother texture.

Let no chunks.

Can I ask this?

Can you messenger me one piece of the current pork chop?

I'll try it.

And if I like it, I'll call back with the order.

Where are you right now?

I am in Missouri.

Son of a bitch.

Do you have a horse fast enough?

I am.

That's a stop.

All right.

It's on its way.

Hopefully it'll get there to you.

Oh, look.

Okay.

No, the door.

The door is there.

You're hearing a hoof knock at the door.

Yes.

Thank you.

All right.

I'm just going to unwrap this little piece of therapy here and.

Oh, you wrap it in paper.

Oh, look at that.

You have to click the user agreement.

Okay.

Here we go.

What magazine did you get?

Let's see.

What is this?

Oh, I got a highlight.

A children's highlights from 1972.

Oh, yeah.

Wonderful.

That's fun.

I already see a couple things wrong between these two pictures.

All right.

I'm going to try the taffy now.

Don't get wrapped up in that.

Try the taffy.

Yeah.

Before you get to the puzzles in the back.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

How's it?

I keep saying it sounds like you're we don't have the full hour to to savor this taffy.

Oh, really?

Oh, no.

Yeah, you're going to have to make your decision right now.

Oh, well, that's how I consume Calvin family.

Taffy.

Sure.

We all do.

But if I could get a preliminary in his defense, we do promote taking taking time with the taffy.

Of course.

Yeah.

Read in the magazine getting the full taffy experience.

You guys, you guys, I've come to a decision.

Okay.

I'm not going to continue with my order.

I'm going to order 749 trillion.

700.

Sure.

And 49 trillion.

700 and 51 million.

51 million.

1 million tons.

Wow, guys.

Oh, my God.

That's amazing.

That'll put you right over the edge.

I got what was your name against her?

It was Dylan preachers.

Dylan preachers.

You're not looking too good.

I have to say, you're sweating and you're you've turned a strange color.

Oh, yeah, feel hot.

I can't taste the taffy anymore.

This will have I can't smell the taffy either.

Oh, no.

I'll think he's got the COVID-38.

Oh, no.

Did you infect your taffy with COVID-38?

No, I'm on purpose.

Not on purpose, sir.

But no one does it on purpose.

I found it happened.

I found it happened all that all that COVID-38 floating around.

Oh, no.

Oh, yeah.

Are you going to be all right?

Oh, he's coughing like a horse.

Oh, no, no.

I got to go by guys.

Be sure to send all that.

Yeah, I'm saying it.

I don't think I I know.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, you got to feel bad.

Got hung up before he hung up before canceling his order.

So I'm not quite sure where that leaves the card the card cleared.

I thought he said send the taffy.

He did send send the taffy.

But it also made him sick and possibly dying, which I don't know whether it's a you got to get it out there.

That's all other that's our other taffy catchphrase.

Hey, my make you sick, but it's worth it.

Can you can you check just to make sure he hasn't put a stop payment there on the let me just look.

No, there is a note in the account.

It's it was not.

It's hold on.

I'm pulling it up.

Chico.

Come on.

Chico.

Let's you know.

I know you're impatient, Chico.

You're the most impatient of the triplets.

Are you not?

That's yeah, I'm fine with that label.

Sure.

A little bit impatient.

What's the day notes it send the order as fast as possible.

But make sure when you send it, I'm still alive.

Okay.

So we should we need to make sure that he's still alive.

I don't even get this note into this account.

I'm not quite sure.

Well, we can do a credit card purchase note.

We can do a reverse trace on the call and call him back.

So let me let me have.

Star 69.

Yeah, star 69.

Here we go.

Hello.

This is a hello.

This is a the telephone.

You just called into the telephone.

How did you get this number?

This might be one of those fake answering machine messages.

It's perfectly anticipated.

I'm sorry.

My wife.

This is what this is a fake answer.

Wait, wait, wait.

Sorry.

Go back and repeat that.

We are from the telephone.

You just called in.

Uh huh.

So, should we send the tab?

Can I ask a question?

Sure.

Why is it happening?

Do we send the Taffy or not?

Uh huh.

You bought it.

You said you want to buy it unless you're down.

Well, that's something.

Hey, guys, I'm just kidding.

Dylan reaches to reach my answering machine.

Oh no.

Hey, are you ready to change machine?

Now we're going to have to do a message.

I'll get back to you as soon as possible.

Wait.

Hey, Dylan.

Hey, are you dead?

Dylan, Dylan, hey, there's the Gavin's triplets.

Uh, we're just making sure that you enjoyed the pork chop taffy.

You survived the ingestion of it.

And you still want this 749,749,999 pieces of Taffy.

Call us back at 1-800-008-100-0, and let us know.

Yeah, ask him if he wants.

Take him if he wants a coupon code.

Do you want to answer a coupon code?

No, you don't want the coupon code.

That's not mentioned.

By the way, that's that is 800-0s.

We want to make sure people maybe that's why we're not getting a lot of calls.

It's 800-0s in a row, not 1-800.

Um, shouldn't have told him about that coupon code.

Oh, wait, we're getting a call.

We're getting a call.

Hello.

You're on the telethon.

Hey, guys, it's Dylan.

Hey, Dylan.

I'm completely fine.

So we can ship that out to you right now and ship it to me.

I do want to inquire about this coupon code.

Oh, shit.

God damn it.

Son of a bitch.

Yeah.

Listen, I feel as a longtime loyal binder, I'm kind of entitled to using a coupon code, quite frankly.

I think the one October will actually.

October, great.

I'll use that one.

Oh, geez.

No.

Oh, it's going to be.

It's going to be.

Double, it's going to make this order free, and your next six orders are going to be free as well.

I'm responsible for shipping.

So I will have to take your card down for.

Shiko, is there any kind of shipping clause?

What if you charged him for a lot for the shipping more so than it would actually take to buy the stuff?

Would that get?

Is there some sort of work around there?

That's interesting.

I like that idea.

I like that because this Dylan guy doesn't seem too smart.

I feel like we could pull a fast one out of him.

This is Dylan.

I'm still on the line.

Oh, wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

Is this another one of his fake?

Uh huh.

Oh, no.

Yes.

Sure.

It's the order for him.

I'm warning.

I'm not ready.

Uh huh.

Hey, you bet.

How did this happen to us again?

How did we go?

Hey guys, I'm killing it.

Dylan, please.

He's making out.

Go.

I'd like to know who you're voting for this presidential election.

It's your voting for Biden's.

Please press one.

If you're voting for Trump, Ben, Brenton, have a marvelous day.

How do you have a he had the coupon code on his robot?

Wow.

Oh, man.

That was good news.

He doesn't know about the promo code.

So nobody mentioned it.

Although you did leave a message.

He did know about it.

He literally told us the one to use.

He embedded it in his phone call.

But I do.

I do have to charge him for shipping and it is not going to be cheap.

Yeah.

And all those horses, all those tons.

All the way out to where is he?

Missouri.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

Well, you know, while you're calculating that, we, you know, what would a good telethon be without some celebrities?

So we have some celebrities here on the show willing to appear on the telethon.

Who do we have here first?

Is this Michael Sarah?

I can't wait to hear.

I'm such a fan of Michael Sarah.

Michael Sarah, come on out and appear on the telethon.

Oh my God.

Hi, Michael.

Hey, what's going on?

Sorry about your predicament.

It seems frustrating.

It feels like you got a lot on your shoulders.

I can sympathize, you know, with expectations and businesses.

But I guess that's sort of the capitalist society in which we live, right?

Yeah.

Michael Sarah.

Michael.

You want to buy it?

And it does.

Why are you here?

Oh, he's already gone.

God.

Oh my gosh.

Do we have any other celebrities here coming out on the show?

I don't think so.

Well, it's great to have one.

I'm almost to get to get to, to get to Busby's stand up routine.

Yeah.

I would love to hear Busby's stand up routine while we're okay.

All right.

So, can I get a little music to come out to?

Hey, everybody.

Busby saying Hancock, you might have heard of me.

I've been working on some material and I'd like to test it out on you guys and do a little crowd work.

Wait, you've been working on material, but you instead want to do crowd work?

Yep.

I'm not too confident in the material I was working on.

Understandable.

I'm going to do an old frogger jump and go straight to the crowd work.

Let's do it.

Yeah.

Hey, who looks like you guys came here tonight together?

Where are you guys from?

Are you talking to me and my girlfriend?

Yeah.

Hey, who are these guys?

Where am I from?

Yeah, we're from the Bronx.

We're from the Bronx over here.

Make a big deal out of it like don't you?

Oh, yeah.

I went there once on a school trip when I was young.

We went to a museum.

Have you guys been to that?

The Bronx Museum, of course.

Yeah, we've been to the Bronx Museum.

Oh boy.

How about you guys over there?

Where are you guys from?

Hey, we're from Minnesota, me and my girlfriend.

Oh, yeah.

I feel like...

Why are there so many people there at the ranch?

There's a lot of...

We have a crowd.

I had no idea.

You already swung the camera around until now.

Pretty good size crowd.

Hey, so...

They've been totally silent this whole time.

Well we told them, we told them, mom is the what?

Scott is a professional.

This is a professional show-by-show.

And if you make a peep without being addressed, you're going in a box.

Now, you guys have a lot of casserole in Minnesota.

Oh, sure, yeah.

My mom used to make a good one, a tuna fish casserole.

Yeah, it's always funny to me when less than like four people have a casserole because you probably won't be able to finish it.

Well, I think you've got a couple of laughs.

Who you guys think was the first guy to ever make a sandwich?

And he was like, you know what would make this sandwich better if it was wet with some mustard?

Who do you think that guy was?

Yeah, how you come up with that?

That's great.

You know what, that's even relatable here in the Bronx.

What's the deal with mustard?

Oh yeah, it's pretty funny.

Yeah, here comes my closer.

Oh, okay.

Now, is this part of the material or this is continuing to be crowd work?

This is still crowd work, but it's a little bit of a hybrid.

Okay.

I'm willing, like when I use it on a lot of crowds, I'm ready to go off.

Okay, if no one is interested, then I'll stick with it.

So your act is 30 seconds of crowd work and then a closer.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Let's hit us with it.

Hit us with it.

It's a tight 50 seconds.

Sure.

Okay.

So anybody here is parents still with us?

Now.

No.

Yeah.

Anybody else?

Yeah, dude.

Oh yeah.

Hey, man.

Do you ever think about sometimes how your, uh, your dad had like put himself inside your mom to make you?

Yeah, bro.

Yeah, dude.

Hey, my name's been, uh, Bizbee St. Hancock and check me out.

I'm just kidding guys.

It's still in pre-exure.

I hope you've enjoyed my outgoing message.

What?

That's to be a girl from the Bronx, a guy from the Bronx, a guy from Minnesota, a girl from Minnesota, a surfer boy in Bizbee, say Hancock.

If you want to leave your name, number, and a short message, I'll get back to you as soon as possible.

Oh, that's still going on.

Oh, how did he get us again?

That time down perfectly.

Yeah.

That's crazy.

Are we, do we want to leave him the message?

Don't mention the coupon code.

Hey, Dylan.

So we've got a little confusion here with your analog, but very complex, high tech, a phone delivery and answering service.

It's the Calvin's triplet.

Wondering about all this?

Funk it, Taffet.

Love to make you a nice real deal.

Coppa Field, Grande Rio, Travis Scott Mio, Forbidden Captain EO, movie, a kind of deal here.

I love to pass through your credit card.

Make sure you're going to get this Taffet.

Make sure you're still alive.

Give us a call back at 800 zeros.

And we'll get this thing squared away.

Hope you will.

Goodbye.

Customer, we also want to give you.

You're jakin' busy.

No, no.

Say, are you not going to say what I think you're going to say?

Are you?

No, definitely not.

Definitely.

Were you going to say, Bever?

Going to just tell them about a coupon code we got going on.

No!

Use the word, October.

October.

Oh, wait.

Wait.

You all look so upset.

Wait, what?

Wait.

You told them about the code.

Well, he's a good customer.

What else am I going to do?

In Bever's defense, I was about to hit that code pretty hard over the head, too.

Chico seems to be the only one out of you who has a lick of sense here.

For gosh dang dang.

Fellas, we've been over this.

The coupon code is the whole reason we're in this conundrum here.

I pray he doesn't call back.

But look, while we're waiting, why don't we check out that review?

Let's check out the Instagram.

What was his name?

It was something fun.

Oh, Brian.

Brian.

He's smiling face.

1,000.

Let's check out his and see if there's a review up.

Oh, OK.

A recent post here from Brian Fun.

I'm going to go to the next one.

Oh, good.

Good.

Hustler.

OK.

I'm going to go to the next one.

You Thank you.
