---
layout: page
title: 679. Gillian Jacobs, Paul F. Tompkins, Carl Tart [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-679-20201015-JacobsPFTTart-ACv03-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Don't cry over spilled milk.

There's plenty more bat nipples where that came from.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Doo-dah man.

And I say do because there are three O's.

So I said it with extra O's.

Thank you to Doo-doo man for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

The spookiest week of the year.

That's right, rent is due in approximately seven days.

Get your finances together.

Last week of October.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

By the way, we have an amazing show for you today.

Believe it or not, we have an entrepreneur coming up a little later.

That's very exciting.

Someone with a business.

We also have, I believe this person is independently wealthy and doesn't work.

So hard to describe this person, but an old favorite will be returning.

But speaking of old favorites and returning, and in fact, old favorites returning, we have one of our favorite guests on the show is here with us.

She hasn't been on in approximately two, 2.5 years or so.

Always a great episode whenever she comes back.

She has a movie called Come Play, which is coming out this Friday in theaters everywhere.

Everywhere there is a theater, you will be able to see this movie.

Please welcome back to the show, Gillian Jacobs.

Hello, Gillian.

Oh my goodness.

Your catchphrase, you always say it.

You've said it every episode.

Oh my goodness.

I'm so glad we got it out of the way here.

Welcome back to the show, Gillian Jacobs.

Oh, much for having me back.

Late of community and love and Bert Wunderstone.

And that was a good poll, right?

I saw that in the theater.

You're the one.

I am he, I am he.

Always great to see you.

One of America's finest actors and a wonderful personality.

And also a director.

I don't know if we talked about that last time you're on, but you have a documentary that you directed.

I don't know whether you can say when it comes out, but it will be coming out soon.

So very excited about that.

You can say.

I may, I think I may.

I think it comes out November 20th on Disney Plus.

It's an episode of a new Marvel series for Disney Plus called 616.

616, which is of course 616 is the designation that the Marvel universe and the multiverse, the canonical Marvel universe is the 616th Earth, of course.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Earth is 616th, which is a fact I definitely knew before working on that documentary.

Sure, of course, because you're a huge superhero head, are you not?

Oh yes, I know all the superhero ones and heroes.

Sure, of course you have the man who looks like a spider.

Oh, several of those actually.

You're not gonna get me on that.

Okay, I was trying to trip you up though.

So glad you said several of those.

And what is your, can we, and I know that you're here to talk about come play, your movie come play.

But I do wanna talk about this documentary first.

Oh, okay.

Which is, what is yours, what is the subject matter of your episode?

So the subject matter of my episode of 616 is women of Marvel, so both the female characters and also the women, the writers, the editors, the artists who have worked at Marvel over the decades.

So I got to interview legends such as Anno Centi, Louis Sloane.

Sloane Steinberg, Wheezy Simonson.

Yeah, I didn't get flow, sadly.

She's passed away.

Oh, that's right, she's passed on.

But definitely mentioned and much beloved.

And then all the way through to women who are working there now or worked there in the recent years like Kelly Sue Taconic, who.

She's great.

Yeah, wrote the run of Captain Marvel that the movie is based on and the people who created Ms. Marvel, which is now gonna be a Disney Plus TV show, the character Kamala Khan.

So I learned a tremendous about and I got to speak to some pretty incredible women.

That's, you know, if I can learn something and speak to incredible women, that's a great day for me.

And this episode is no exception because I'm learning things and I'm talking to one incredible woman right now.

Gillian Jacobs of the movie Come Play, which, let's talk about this.

Now I saw this film, I don't know if you know that, but I watched it.

Oh no, I didn't know you saw it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I watched it here in my office, which, you know, look, it's a scary movie.

I, you know, when I was asked, do you wanna have Gillian Jacobs on to talk about her movie?

I assumed he was another kind of movie in the genres in which you've worked a lot.

And I was shocked and terrified and frightened when I opened up the email and saw that poster.

And the movie was even more terrifying.

This is a horror film, is it not?

Yes, it is.

A horrifying film.

You never know what I'm going to do, Nick.

That's true.

That is a good point.

It's a horror film.

I've stopped trying to predict you.

Yeah, I mean, is that the fun of being an actor is getting to act in many different genres?

It truly is.

Well, yeah, let's talk about this film.

In the film, you play a milf who essentially has...

Who has a young son.

Yes.

Who has a young son with special needs.

Is that correct?

And...

I am a milf, I guess.

That wasn't in the script.

And that's just what I was getting from it.

Oh, okay.

Good to know.

I'm learning C, I'm learning things as well.

Is this your first time playing a milf, by the way?

Ah!

Is it?

Were any of your characters, had any of your previous characters given birth?

I'm trying to think.

I have to think back.

I don't remember.

Let's say yes.

And then...

Your first time.

I am DB and verify that.

Back.

So you have a son and you have a sort of a strange relationship with the son's father.

The son's father, John Gallagher Jr.

This kid is really, really good, by the way.

This kid is an amazing actor.

Correct.

As you...

And what is the, essentially the hook of the film?

What's the horrifying part of it?

And I...

There's a scary monster.

I'm gonna say that.

I think I'm allowed to say that.

I'm a very scary monster.

And I was genuinely afraid, while shooting it, because am I allowed to say, but there was a puppet.

They built an enormous, enormous puppet.

Wow.

And so, there were many puppeteers and I'd say seven foot tall puppet.

That's taller.

That's approximately...

Taller than me.

I'm just taller than me.

It's a big piece of itself.

Yes, it was a Jim Henson puppet creation.

And it genuinely scared me.

So there are some real screams in there.

What does that say about me?

That I was even afraid.

Acting in the scene with the puppeteers visible to me.

I don't know.

Maybe I'm just that good of an actor.

And this is your first kind of scary movie, is it?

I mean, it's...

Oh, I did a film with Ken Marino called Bad Milo that also involved a puppet.

Oh, yeah.

That was a monster that came out of Ken Marino's butt.

And attacked people.

So this is my second time being in a film in which I am attacked by a puppet.

And this puppet doesn't come out of Ken Marino's butt nor anyone's butt.

No, it doesn't.

Much to the loss of this film.

But it comes into our world in a different world and a different way in the film come play as you like to call it.

Yes, come play.

And this is a scary film.

I mean, I saw it here in my office, but I think it's the type of film that people would enjoy going out to a drive-in.

Yes.

You know, I mean, it's the perfect kind of drive-in movie where you're shouting, you're honking your horn, you're smooching, you're doing everything that you do with the drive-in, you're getting snacks with your mask on.

It's just the perfect all-hollow-zieve film that's finally coming out at the perfect time.

Scott, may I ask you a question?

You may ask me anything, of course.

We have that kind of relationship.

Where does the term all-hollows Eve come from?

I believe November 1st was all-hollows and October 31st is Halloween, which with an apostrophe is short for Eve, I believe, all-hollows Eve, something like that.

But maybe a future guest knows a little bit more about this than I do, probably so.

I mean, look, what am I?

Mr. Merriam-Webster, I don't think so.

No.

Sometimes when I think of you, I do just picture a dictionary instead of a face.

Instead of a face, yeah, just a book on top of a neck.

Scott, may I ask you another question?

Yes, you are allowed to, so this will be your last one.

Okay.

How are you keeping that plant alive?

Because I purchased one of those and all the leaves are falling off.

All the leaves are brown, as they sang once.

This is essentially, you know my ex-girlfriend, Coolop.

She bought this for me and put it in my office without permission, I should add.

Just her view on it was the room needed brightening up with a plant and it is dying.

And she always kind of looks at me like, why aren't you doing more for this plant?

And my position is, I don't like it.

I don't want it here.

I'm hoping it dies.

So we'll see.

I mean, it's been here since for about a year now and if you can see it, yeah.

It still has some leaves.

Still has some leaves.

She comes in and sprays it with water every once in a while.

That's what my mother says.

You have to miss the leaves, but I don't understand.

I've run out of questions with you, but maybe one of our other guests can tell me why I missed the leaves.

Yeah, I can ask you a question though.

Why do you want a plant in your house?

Oxygen, I need more of it.

That's what they're good at these plants.

I mean, they're not just for decoration these days.

They pump out that H2O.

I love oxygen.

H2O?

What am I trying to say?

That's water?

That's water.

They give the H2O and they pump out the...

Oh.

Boy, I got to tell you, this show, we've run out of things to talk about with everyone.

Let's bring in some guests.

Keeps up in their rooms.

We're talking about plants, visible plants on zooms.

I mean, like no one has any life experience anymore that we can draw from.

Why don't we hear from some of our friends, new and old, that are joining us today?

Well, Gillian, always great to see you.

You as well.

You can stick around.

Everyone should go out there and see Come Play, which is out in theaters this Friday.

Hopefully for many Fridays to come.

Maybe a perennial favorite that people can see every week, like the old Rocky Horror Picture Show or Spinal Tap.

It's really good for any day of the year.

Out this Friday, make sure people go out and see it.

Let's bring out our next guest.

And he's an old, you know, again, I don't know quite how to describe him because I don't know what he does for a living, although we may have talked about it.

I think he's independently wealthy, but I don't know how to describe him other than a divorced person.

He's been on the show many times.

He's one of our favorites.

Please welcome back to the show, Alimony Tony.

Scott, it's a pleasure to see you again.

Thank you for having me.

It's me, Alimony Tony.

It's just currently is you, Alimony Tony.

Welcome back to the show.

Thank you very much.

Yes, I was over here in your introduction because I had to know what to appear.

So I can confirm that I am independently wealthy.

Of course, my mother invented gaseous paper.

Oh, what?

Oh, hello.

Hello.

My name is Alimony Tony.

Yes, sorry.

Let me introduce you guys.

This is Gillian Jacobs.

She's an actress and a director and an artist.

And this is Alimony Tony, who's an independently wealthy divorced person.

My goodness, my goodness.

Wait, I've heard that catchphrase before.

Oh, you're Gillian Jacobs, of course.

You know, now that I think about it Gillian, the last few times that you've been on the show, you haven't been on it a little bit, but we performed as a wedding.

It has.

It has been a while.

Tony, comma, Alimony.

What a funny little joke.

What a coquettish little laugh that was.

But we actually romance bloomed on some of your previous episodes.

I believe we performed your at least one wedding of yours.

No, I haven't been married on the show.

Oh, you're not speaking to me.

No, I've been married on the show.

I understand.

Yes.

Yeah.

Who were you married to?

You were married to.

It's really sad.

I was married to a wonderful man named Gary Marshall.

Gary Marshall, creator of Happy Days, Lebron and Shirley, director of Valentine's Day.

Yes, that's right.

He used to be on the show.

The Star of the Wall.

I don't know about the star.

The Love It American cultural icon, Gary Marshall.

We did.

And he...

Yes, that's right.

You got married to him on this show.

I did.

I really loved him a lot.

You know, and a lot of terrible things happened along the way.

I think I was sent to another dimension, maybe he was sent to another dimension.

Another dimension.

I think portals in space and time opened up.

People tried to come between us, but we really...

We had a love that was more than a love.

I and my Gary Marshall.

That's a wonderful story.

Well, he is...

Yes, he has gone.

I will be a romantic as well and to hear that story.

Although I have divorced several times over.

I have a romantic at heart and to hear such a romantic story.

Certainly that's right up my alley.

Let me tell you.

May I ask...

Can I go back?

Tony, if I may.

Please, call your alimony Tony.

Oh, hey.

Thank you.

Alimony Tony, what was the type of paper your mother invented?

Gashous paper.

What is gashous?

It's sort of liquid paper, right?

Yes.

Liquid paper invented by Mike Desmuth's mother.

And gashous paper is the same as liquid paper, or it's a gas.

Ooh, exciting.

So you could write on a fart, perhaps?

No, you have to write on gashous paper.

Oh.

Wait, I thought liquid paper was applied to regular paper in order to correct mistakes.

That's correct.

Gashous paper, you need to write on the gashous paper itself.

You need to write on the gashous paper.

How does it work, actually?

We've never talked about it.

Oh, it's so...

So if you make a mistake...

It's so dry and dull.

I don't think I would say here.

I don't think I would say here about the inner workings of gashous paper.

This is...

And what's its primary use?

I mean, has it been successful, this invention?

It's been very successful.

It enabled my family to become trillionaires.

Trillionaires, you say?

Trillionaire with a T.

That's right.

Wow.

And current net worth just for a ballpark estimate.

Oh, it's not...

I know that sounds like a staggering double, but it's only two trillion.

Only two.

And that's your personal or the company?

That's my personal.

That's your personal.

That's the family's mother, yes.

And does the family still own a majority of the company?

Oh, yes we do.

We own 100%.

Oh, you own 100%.

Yes.

Publicly traded?

Yes.

All the profits go to us.

We are very wealthy family.

And really, it's just down to...

I mean, I don't have any kids.

Okay.

All of my relatives, what few there were, have passed on.

Fibling?

No siblings, I grew up an only child.

But I'm a generous...

So did I.

So did you.

So did I.

It's fun, isn't it?

Because every...

It's one of many things I feel we have in common.

We do.

Okay, well that's one thing.

I wasn't aware of the other things.

Yeah, one of the other things, Killy.

We're on this call together.

That's true.

I mean, when you write your book...

That's true.

You're right.

All right, go on.

Alimony, Tony, why is your company publicly traded if you own 100% of it?

Well, because I'm a member of the public and...

Okay.

I just wanted to clarify that.

So, Alimony, Tony, you are a member of the 4, comma club.

Yes, that's correct.

That's correct.

There's a precious few of us.

But again, it's not as much...

By total net worth as not as much as it sounds, you hear the word trillion.

You think, oh my God, that's so much money.

It's impossible to imagine.

There's only $2 trillion.

And that's mainly because there used to be more, but you've given a lot of it away.

Isn't that right?

Well, I mean, I'm always making money, but I'm also always giving money away because, as I've told you before, Scott, I've been married and divorced many times.

And the thing is, I love paying Alimony.

I always marry for love.

I always think it's going to last.

So far it hasn't.

But there's something about paying the Alimony that I just adore.

It really...

It's my favorite thing to do.

And can I ask you your feelings on pre and post-nuptial agreements?

I've never signed a post-nuptial.

Never signed a pre-nuptial.

Never signed a post-nupt.

Unless my canon contradicts that.

But I do believe in going in with faith, hope and love, and then coming out of it with just a stoned cold financial arrangement.

It's just a lot less money.

Well, I mean, a lot less money for some people.

Obviously, for me, it's a drop in the bucket.

But yes, it is.

The Alimony papers are substantial and not just as a whole, but individually.

And is there a way to stop those?

There is, unfortunately...

I suppose if your ex-wife got married again, remarried.

Yes.

Which has happened on occasion.

I have said, look, I'm so glad you're happy.

You moved on.

You found someone else.

Please let me get to the appeal of your Alimony.

Please.

And they've always been nice about it and said, no, I'm sorry.

I will not allow you.

No, no, they've all said yes.

There was only one gal that wouldn't have...

Are you crying?

No, cry.

But I never got to pay Alimony to...

I was sorry, I get emotional when I think about it.

I never got to pay Alimony to her because she died before we could be divorced.

Of course, for me, that's the one that got away.

I'm so sorry.

But they don't call you widower, Tony.

No, I was just widowering the one time, the rest of the time.

What time?

Devorced.

What time?

What's the fastest you've ever gotten married, like from date of meeting the person to not fools?

Same date.

So that's...

Matter of hours.

Scott, what's your...

Mist?

No.

I was going to say...

Not interested?

Easily Googleable.

Is there a T in there?

In net worth?

Yes.

There's two.

No, no, no, no.

I meant trillionaire.

I do apologize.

You're so clever, though.

That's what I like so much about you.

How clever you are.

Oh, clever as well.

That's another thing we haven't got.

I know, guys, I think I can sense there's some sort of attraction here, some sort of physical or chemical attraction here between the two.

I feel like I've met you before as well.

You feel very familiar to me.

You feel like you're in a past life or something?

I don't know.

Your current physical form looks very familiar to me as though I've met it and loved it over and over again.

That's very physical.

It's very interesting.

My current physical form.

Do you mean Gillian?

Do you mean at the age he is at now or do you mean you think he had a different body at some point?

Look, do we know definitively what we look like when we sleep?

That's a good point.

I never thought of it that way.

Well, you know, I had a wife who used to love taking snapshots of me when I would fall asleep in a chair watching television.

So I do know what I look like when I sleep unless that was a deep fake.

Yeah, how do you know that you were asleep?

How do you know this was the subject of the James L. Brooks movie and it was all about how do you know what you look like when you're asleep?

I mean, I've heard some say we all assume a lizard form when we fall asleep.

So that's why I think you're more than one person.

You've heard say that?

Some have said.

Who are these?

This is curious to me that we fall asleep.

We assume a lizard form.

That's how we can serve energy when we're asleep.

Think about how many hours we go without eating or drinking anything.

How do we live through sleep?

That's a good point.

I mean, when I wake up, I usually have breakfast and then within like three or four hours I want to eat again.

But when I sleep, I'm not, I'm not munching down when I'm asleep.

I don't even want it.

Go to the kitchen for a bowl of flies.

I'm kidding because of lizard.

You like that one.

Laffes graduated from cocaine.

It's too bombastic.

Let me ask this, Gillian, when you say we revert to a lizard form, are you saying we turn into little lizards when we're sleeping or our bodies are reacting in a lizard-like way?

Are we humanoid, but we just have scales?

Are we human or are we dancing?

We are dancer of lizard skin when we sleep.

I've heard some say.

So sort of like the antagonist in the movie V.

I've never seen that.

You didn't let me finish.

For vendetta?

Oh, I have seen that.

They're lizard people?

Yeah, underneath that mask, that's why he wears it.

Well, he has to sleep sometime.

They don't show in movies.

They don't show people sleeping all that much unless they're having a dream or they're woken up by an alarm clock.

It wasn't that an Andy Warhol movie.

Didn't he just like film somebody sleeping for a while?

What was that guy all about?

What was the deal with that guy?

I don't know.

Sometimes I think he did things just to bother people.

Hey, hey, Pittsburgh native Andy Warhol.

I'm so sorry.

The museum is there.

Yes.

Are you you're from Pittsburgh?

Is that right, Gillian?

Correct.

The Keystone State.

The Keystone State, of course.

Where are you from, Alimony, Tony?

I'm from the Mid-Atlantic region.

Okay, so I learned that a hex in a truly hard of course.

Yeah, did that's what they used to call the Julian accent.

The American standard.

What was her name?

Edith something?

Oh, yes.

Uh, Skinner.

Edith Skinner.

Skinner.

That's right.

That's the Skinner.

Remember the Skinner family.

Uh, so Alimony, Tony, I mean, President, last, last time we spoke, I can't recall whether you were married again or whether you were recently divorced.

If I don't be the last time we spoke, I was freshly divorced.

And what is your status now?

If you could toggle your relationship status on a website, what would you say?

When would you say the last time we spoke was?

Who knows?

All right.

I'm going to say since last time we spoke, I gather I've been married and divorced twice more.

Twice more.

Yeah.

Wow.

He used the same divorce attorney every time.

Every single time he's been with you.

Who's this guy?

His name is Mitch Mulvihill.

Mitch Mulvihill.

He is a cracker jack divorce attorney in that he listens to me.

I say, look, I want to pay the max amount of Alimony, impossible by law.

And he says he always has to be Tony, Tony, Tony.

This is used too much.

You have no loot.

Tony, Tony, Tony.

What?

If you had no loot, Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony.

What does that mean?

Well, there's a band Tony, Tony, Tony, who sings a song if I had no loot.

Oh, oh, I think you're talking about Tony, Tony, Tony.

Oh, that was not pronouncing the equilibration money after each of their names.

That's right.

That's why I wasn't sure what bad you were talking about.

I apologize.

Sorry.

Tony, of course, most famous Tony probably for West Side Story.

Would you say?

Who's the most famous Tony?

Ooh, Randall.

Randall?

Uh, Brandon, Tony Bennett?

Well, he was an Anthony.

He was an Anthony.

Tony was French perhaps, but that's true.

Professionally an Anthony.

Uh, who's the guy from some like it hot?

Tony Curtis.

That is my name.

Right.

It's really cool.

What was his real name?

His real name was Bernard Schwartz.

Is Tony your real name?

Yes, in it.

Well, yes.

Why?

So cagey suddenly.

No, I mean, Tony is absolutely.

Of course it is.

Oh, what?

What a strange response.

I mean, suddenly you got very protective of your answer.

No, no, no.

I don't treat.

If you know me as Allebor, Tony, that is my name.

Tony, I have a question for you.

Yes, Gillian.

What is your lizard name?

Good question.

Let me think back.

I haven't been asked this for such a long time.

I think it's Zach's.

Zach's such a good lizard name.

X-A-X.

All right.

Yes, of course.

Mine some.

Oh, that's I like that name.

It's a show me.

Can I hear that again?

That's what a lizard would call itself if it had the powder name itself.

Scott, what's your lizard name?

You know, I didn't know that I was a lizard, but do we get to choose our own lizard names or are we assigned them?

I think you're the answer.

I do.

Why do we have a heart?

Look at your heart.

What movie is that from?

Please, I'm begging you.

Oh, I'm always crossing.

Of course.

Oh, yes, I just watched that film recently for the first time.

It's a very good.

Great and turtle performance.

Very good film.

One of the best to turtle performance.

Ta-ta.

Masha Gay Harden.

Oh, yeah.

Albert Fittied, of course.

A burn.

Burn.

Common Gabriel.

Gillian, you do the, it's very curious thing.

Well, you like to give people's names.

You give the first, the last name first, then you give the comma, then the first name.

What is that all about?

What I like about you, Tony, Alimony, is how observant you are.

I really appreciate that in a partner, a romantic partner.

Someone who's really dialed into me, my little fun.

It was synchronic.

Thank you.

There you go.

Ockermann, comma, Scott.

Well, I hope that you find someone who appreciates all these wonderful things about you that are very charming indeed.

You wish you're the best, right, Alimony, Tom?

Of course I do.

Gillian's been a widow for a few years.

I believe you are married to Alan Thicke as well.

Two-time widow, I believe.

You know what it's like, yes.

So you wish you're the best, right?

I wish you the best.

You know, the best way to wish someone.

I'll go ahead.

I was going to say, could you just send me a little check?

What do you mean?

Well, I have a proposition for you.

All right.

We don't get a lot of propositions on this show.

I can't wait to vote on this prop.

This is prop my heart.

Care to get married or skip the marriage and you could start sending me checks?

Well, hold on a second.

I've only been proposed to a handful of times, all the times I've been married.

A lizard hand or a normal human hand?

What?

Oh, I have a handful of times.

I mean, that's up to Tony, Tom, Alimony.

What are you into, lizards or humans?

I mean, I'll be human and I like being one.

And I certainly, although all the marriages I've had have been to human women because we're both humans.

The parts just fit when you're a human.

The parts just fit.

I want to clarify that my lizard form is not tiny.

I'm the same size.

I'm just a lizard.

Oh, is that the same for all of us?

What did you say?

I haven't seen you asleep.

But I'll get back to you tonight.

So, oh, very good.

Oh, I love how forward that is.

I wish I were attracted to you, but I just, yes, I mean, it's just one of those things.

And, you know, I'm not going to be a human woman.

I'm not going to be a human woman.

Great personality.

I don't know.

It's just that indefinable thing.

It's not clicking for me.

Well, she is very friendly.

We're in a very often does.

She's very friendly and one can get a friend vibe from...

Well, every woman I've married has been my best friend.

Well, here's...

I'll counterpoint you.

You've married...

Every woman you've married, you thought you were in love with, and it's always ended in divorce.

Now, I'm not so good with them.

It just didn't work out.

Yes, so why don't you try marrying someone you're not in love with and maybe it'll last longer?

This is an interesting theory.

You can also take a picture.

It would last longer.

That's true.

I am having trouble wrapping my mind around the idea of if I was in love with someone and it didn't work out, if I married someone I wasn't in love with at all, would it last longer?

Here's what I...

I can't anticipate the issue would be.

Go ahead, Scott.

You would marry someone not for love, and then if it didn't work out, you wouldn't be so inclined to pay the alimony.

Plus...

I would think there would be a bitter contentious divorce.

First time I'd have a bitter contentious divorce, which is an experience I've never had, but does sound exciting.

Well...

It is not my bucket list to have a contentious divorce.

I can provide you with that experience 100%!

Well, Alimony Tony, don't answer now because we have to take a break.

I'm going to give my echon out.

Please don't.

I really would rather we did it on the other side of this break.

But we do have to go to a commercial.

When we...

No, please don't answer now.

No, no, no.

I'm really going to have to insist that we wait until after the break.

We're going to take a break, but when we come back, we'll have more fine-gillion Jacobs.

Nope.

I'm unfortunately going to have to cut you off right now, but we're going to a break.

We'll have more from Gillian Jacobs, more from Alimony Tony.

We'll be right back after this.

Alimony Tony!

Sorry.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Comedy Banging, we're back with Gillian Jacobs.

Her movie Come Play is out this Friday.

You're going to need a spell on that.

Yeah.

I didn't...

You guys said it so many times.

How do you actually spell the title?

I always assumed it was C-O-M-E.

Got it.

You've not seen the title.

You've got a script with no title page.

I said, take that title page off.

It's like a crucible walk-and-move.

Too many spoilers.

I don't like to know the title because it controls my performance.

Is that a crucible walk?

Well, he's set up punctuation.

Oh.

It periods, commas, anything.

He doesn't want them to hold his hands.

Semi-colons.

Oh, every piece of punctuation.

Yeah, I always find when the lines make sense, the performance is worse.

Exactly.

But of course, come play is out this Friday in theaters and we have Alamo-D Tony.

No, it's not.

I love pie and ice cream, but I'm not Alamo-D Tony.

I'm Alamo-D Tony.

What about pie and cheese?

Apple pie and cheese.

Don't get it.

I don't get that.

I've never tried it.

Oh, the cheddar?

Never tried it.

Can't bring myself to try it because it doesn't seem like it would work.

Is it cold?

They used to say apple pie without the cheese is like a hug without the squeeze.

Oh.

But in these pandemic days, do you really want to be squeezing and hugging people anywhere?

Not at all.

Are these people that said this?

Has anyone ever hugged you so tight a little fart came out?

Not yet.

I assume that was for Alamo-D Tony.

Never myself.

Although I bet you never had to.

I plead the fifth unfortunately.

Is that what it sounded like?

Yes.

My farts always sound like me pleading the fifth.

I need the fifth.

Alamo-D Tony, before the break, you were about to give your answer to Gillian's question.

Gillian proposed- I have forgotten the question of the meantime.

Well, she proposed to you.

She said, will you marry me tonight?

Oh, that's correct.

That's correct.

And if not, will you just give me Alamo-D?

Which is not how it works.

You can't give Alamo-D without being married.

No, you must get- otherwise it's just a donation.

It's a monetary gift.

Yeah, you want Gillian to pull her up by her own bootstraps?

Well, until- well, if we are married, that would of course be short.

Sure.

Then everything changes, but you're not just going to give away money.

This is your hard-down money.

I don't give away money.

I'm not the business of giving away money.

I'm the business of being independently wealthy.

And of course, my sock priorities.

Which I just wanted to- Oh, that's right.

You are as- well, Alamo-D Tony is a song paradist called Weird Amoni, Alamo-D Tony.

That's right.

I did momentarily forget that was a major proponent of my personality.

We talked about that a lot the last time.

I think we'll just skip over it this time.

Yes, I think usually it's the thing you want to talk about the most.

And I think I was thrown.

Usually you introduce it.

And so I'll just go from there.

But for whatever reason, you forgot.

No, I'm not into it anymore.

I checked out a couple.

They're not my bag.

That's easy, if I'm eight.

That explains those two YouTube views that I saw that I saw.

That's right.

Usually you have one, which is you checking to make sure the video is uploaded properly.

That's correct.

And it always is.

It always is.

Yeah, you've never missed a video, have you?

Have you ever done the song, We're in the money, but you're in the money because you give money to your wife?

Let's leave the ideas to Weird Amoni, Alamo-D Tony.

I think you know the thing about the videos is, of course, I have unlimited fun.

So I spent a lot of money on the videos.

I mean, I think they look terrific.

Really?

They're not just lyric videos?

No, they're not just lyric videos.

You don't even watch the whole thing.

You just throw through.

Sorry.

I just press through.

It starts with the lyric.

Here's what it is.

It's the lyrics by themselves.

So you can memorize them.

And when the video of me acting out the song parody comes on, you can sing along.

And because periodically in the videos, I'll lean into the camera and put my hand up next to my ears if to say I can't hear you.

You point the mic at the camera lens as if you were Freddie Mercury at Live Aid pointing that mic stand at the...

Yes, I take the whole top of the mic stand.

Going, do it, do it, do it.

Bye-bye.

People on the streets.

People on the streets, of course.

Well, Alimony Tony, we want to get to your answer, but I'm wondering, should we hold on to it for a little while?

I mean, it's so...

Let's, because I need some more time with him.

Yeah, maybe Love will blossom over the next bit of the show.

Perhaps it will.

Well, I mean...

Hold your tongue, sir.

It's curious, because it seemed like the idea we were adding towards was being not being in love and marrying to see if that changes have you.

Sure.

Now your saying, Scott, perhaps let's hold on and see if I can do it.

Yeah, let's hold on to the end.

Can I talk to Gillian for a second, do you mind just turning around and walking into the corner?

Not at all.

Alimony Tony?

Gillian.

I'm just going to Blair Witch it over here.

Scott.

Your usual moves, okay, you've done quite a few episodes of this show, and I've seen you kind of try to lure a rich man in several, several times.

Yeah.

Your usual moves are not working.

That's safe to say.

You're laughing at his jokes.

Okay.

I'm just wondering, you're trying to find things in common with him.

It's just not playing.

Should I start a fight?

What do I do?

Yeah, I think more drama or try to nag him or something like that, you know?

Play the game.

Do a mystery kind of thing, okay?

Feel free to give me any hints along the way, Scott.

No problem.

That's what I'm here for.

Thank you.

I appreciate it.

Bring him back.

Alimony Tony.

Alimony Tony, come on back.

How dare you?

How dare who?

You.

Me?

How dare you?

What are these?

What are these bitter recriminations?

I'm very upset by the things I think you've been thinking, sir.

This sounds serious.

This is like somebody's...

When they have a dream about you and you did something wrong and then they're still mad at you in real life.

Yeah.

That's usually your significant other.

I don't want to speak to him any further, so continue on, Scott.

Oh, okay.

Scott, please.

Scott, hold on a second.

I'm sorry, I got to be the mediator between the two of you now.

Gillian, what is this?

No, don't talk to her.

Talk to me.

Scott, you tell her that I said, what's going on?

I don't want to be...

I don't want to be having done something wrong here.

What have I done?

How can I make it right?

Okay, Gillian.

Alimony Tony says, what if I...

And then I kind of tuned out and didn't hear a lot of it.

But yeah, anyway, he's upset about something.

Well, I'm...

Can I say, Scott, that was a terrible job.

Well, look, I didn't ask to be the mediator.

That was really...

Yes, you did!

You do insist that you made yourself the mediator, then you wouldn't want to talk to Gillian.

That's what I'm saying.

I insisted upon it.

Oh, but what you've got me there.

Anyway, what do you want to say about...

Oh, really?

Alimony Tony, Gillian.

I certainly am.

By the way, loophole Larry, he'll be on the show in a few weeks from what I hear.

Refused to explain why I'm upset, but say that I cried a little bit and it's all his fault.

Alimony Tony, Gillian doesn't want to talk to you, but she was crying and she did happen to say it was all your fault.

Alright, so that one you nailed.

I don't know something about her voice and just the content of every sentence she speaks.

It's just so captivating that I can't help but be wrapped with attention.

So sexist.

I hate what people are like.

But it's always better like, oh, whippity.

That voice is just so captivating.

Never complaining about women's voices on podcasts.

I can't vote for Hillary Clinton.

She's too captivating.

She's so captivating at that debate.

Scott, please, please, please tell Gillian I want to know how I can make things right.

I apologize for whatever it is I've done.

I want to learn.

I want to grow as a person.

And I certainly don't want to hurt her feelings.

Gillian, Alimony Tony said something about growing up and he's getting taller is what I've done.

I'm firing you as the media.

Do I get Alimony?

No, you don't get Alimony.

Who gets Alimony from being fired?

Maybe it's deference, Bay.

Well, could you be severance, Tony?

Because I like some.

No, you hired yourself and I'm firing you.

Well, then I should be able to fire myself.

You're fired.

Remember that was fun.

Alright, Gillian, it's me, Alimony Tony.

Please.

What have I done wrong?

How can I make this up to you?

I want to know.

I'm sorry I hurt your feelings.

I don't remember what you did, but it was not nice and I'm going to have to think about how you can make it up to me.

That I will accept any ideas you have of things you could do to make this situation better.

Starbucks gift card?

No.

Yeah, I don't know.

Alimony.

No.

Getting warmer though probably.

iTunes gift card.

No.

I'm not trying to remember what else I've seen on that spinning rack at the supermarket.

Look, it's something that's maybe not an impulse buy at your local Ralphs.

Alright.

But I'll tell you what, Alimony Tony, why don't you think about it here.

You guys are obviously in a fight.

I guess we are.

A terrible fight.

Oh, it's getting worse.

Think about Alimony Tony, what you can do to patch things up because we do need to get to our next guest.

Please.

Maybe you guys could patch this up by the end of the show.

Who knows?

Try to figure out who else I was gift cards.

Holding out of hope.

But we do have to get to our next guest.

He is, I mentioned it before, he's an entrepreneur and it's a rare tweet.

A rare tweet and a rare treat when we have an entrepreneur on the show.

He is, well, he has a company that bears his name on it.

Please welcome for the first time in the show, Orville Redenbacher.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

Yeah, yeah.

Oh, it's money around here.

I smell it.

Alimony Tony.

Gilly Jacobs.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Scott Aukerman.

It's money around here.

Wow.

I love that laugh.

Oh, charming.

Orville Redenbacher, it's such a treat to have you on the show.

I mean, you are, of course, the owner and proprietor of Orville Redenbacher popcorn.

Absolutely.

Scott.

I'll tell you, boy, since this pandemic been happening, Scott, we've been going through the roof.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Meaning sales or you've been going through your own roof trying to clear out your attic or, I mean, a lot of you, a lot of downtime during the pandemic.

Both things, Scott, you see, my house is full of asbestos.

Oh, no.

That's wonderful.

So we have to clear out the attic, but also popcorn sales are through the roof.

I'm swimming in it, boy.

Yeah.

Congratulations.

I mean, yeah, I guess there's nothing else to do other than just, you know, lie around watching Netflix and everybody sitting at home, Scott, watching Netflix, watching Hulu, watching Vivo, the music V.

To be watching to be watching.

Checking out Quibbies watching YouTube TV.

Sure.

Everything, Scott.

You're really into streaming platforms, aren't you?

Everybody at home watching Peacock.

Everybody at home watching CBS All Access.

Of course.

And you know what they love when they watch the CBS All Access.

Oh, I know Star Trek.

Disco.

Very Star Trek and popcorn.

Yes.

Yeah.

Oh, or should I call you Mr. Red and Bocker?

You call me Ovil Scott.

Ovil.

Mr. Red and Bocker.

Your picture is on all of the jars of your popcorn and the bags of your popcorn.

You are, I mean, I'm not telling a secret when I say you're an elderly octogenarian from the south.

Scott, don't tell them that they may not know.

Don't tell them that you are.

But you are.

How old are you?

Right now.

I'm a 13 years old Scott.

And how old did you used to be?

How old are you used to be?

I used to be 112.

112.

110, 109.

Sure.

All the way down.

100 something.

Do you ever skip?

You said, never skip the year Scott.

I hit every year.

Oh, congratulate.

I hit every year in the book, Scott.

Yeah.

Why?

I'll tell you.

I have a lot of people wish that we could have skipped this year.

But I mean, this year has been, well, the risk get richer during the pandemic.

I mean, you, you, you are a wealthy popcorn magnet.

Absolutely.

I'm a wealthy popcorn magnet.

And we making money doing a pandemic.

Scott goes everybody sitting at home watching cable spectrum.

They all watching Cox, directing all at home, watching direct TV.

They all at home watching Verizon fiber optics.

AT&T fiber optics.

Oh, Scott.

And they all lean popcorn.

They are.

They're killing Jacobs.

Yeah.

They are like pleasure.

You all like popcorn.

Of course I do.

But sometimes it makes my stomach hurt.

It makes your stomach hurt.

Why is that?

Is it because, is it expanding upon reaching the liquid that's in your stomach or is it contracting?

Is your stomach contracting?

Yes.

And closing in on a popcorn in there.

I'm not, you know, I was studying popcorn science at university, but I dropped out.

So I never got to find the answer to this question.

But perhaps that's too bad.

I mean, you could have had a popcorn scientist here, orville written blocker.

I mean, I know I would have gave you a job right now.

Gillian Jacobs.

I would have attention attention all over the old red and biker workers.

We got a brand new worker.

And our name is Gillian Jacobs and she on TV.

You can see her own hula.

Oh, wait.

So this is a separate universe where she not only completes and matriculates her popcorn education, but then also goes on to become the famous actor she is now.

Absolutely.

And you can see your own Netflix.

Yes.

You can see on Amazon pride.

Soon yes.

All of that stuff.

You can watch a movie.

Play with the girl.

Wait, watch the movie.

What?

What the movie call?

Gillian Jacobs.

What the movie call?

You have the title crack, I think.

What the movie call?

Gillian Jacobs.

Scott says it best.

Scott.

It's not play with the comments.

Come play.

Oh, come play.

My apologies.

There's two totally different movies.

If you've been watching that one, you've been watching the wrong movie, but you know, maybe the right movie for you.

I ain't got no time for movies right now, Scott, because I'm rolling in it, baby.

Oh, because you're spending money or making popcorn or both?

Both.

Yeah.

What's life been like?

I mean, such an incredible year for you.

What's it been like for you?

What have you spent your money on?

I also have a question for Rhett and Bocker.

Is this a subset of my question or is this separate?

No, this is a separate question.

Can I ask this person to get out of the way?

Sure.

Go ahead.

Orville, I'm not sure.

Do you sell any ready-made bags of your popcorn or is it all in the jar or the microwaveable pouch?

It's all in the jar in the microwaveable pouch.

You got to make it at your house.

And it takes about two minutes and 30 seconds in the microwave.

And during that time, might I recommend you look at the video on YouTube?

Look at them.

Short music video on V-Vote.

But you could stream that to your TV as well, right?

You can cast it if you got Apple TV.

I'm probecast.

Does that do anything for you?

You could use probecast, but it's an inferior product to the Apple TV.

I have a suggestion, perhaps you could hire Alimony Tony to make some fun musical parody videos about the proper way to popcorn.

Oh, that sounds nice.

Wait, wait.

That's a good idea.

Gilly Jiggles.

Here's another idea as well.

I just want to build on what Gillian said.

There's no bad ideas, but I'm going to take it in a different direction.

What if you hired Alimony Tony to make gaseous popcorn?

Ooh.

I'm actually like popcorn in a vial.

What's that?

I know.

It's serious.

Now, here's the thing.

I'm not a scientist.

I didn't invent the gaseous paper.

My mother did.

I have no idea how it works, how it's made.

Is she still with us?

No, my mother's passed on.

As I said, I said my entire family is dead.

What happened to her?

She died of old age.

I can't relate.

How old?

How old was her old age?

110.

I mean, that's old.

I remember them days.

I was in the streets high stepping, stomach with the big dogs when I was 110.

You were out in these streets at 110?

Oh, yes, God.

I was in these streets spending that popcorn money.

My offensive cause.

It's summer rings.

You need to sell yourself better.

Maybe you could do some sample lyrics.

I would be happy to.

If you're a neighbor's dog that you think would be related to the pop court, the neighbor song and I'll try to do a parody related to the pop court industry.

Yeah, I was going to say the other way.

Okay.

Well, you don't have to because we sorted it all out.

Okay.

How about uptown girl by Billy Joe?

This is perfect.

I mean, uptown has the exact same amount of syllables as pop.

I don't know.

You're Scott.

You're going to get ahead of me by process.

All right.

Let's see.

Uptown girl.

I've got girls.

You've got a little half a chance.

Okay.

So if I say uptown, pop court goes in that nicely.

Pop court is a pop court girl.

Do I change that?

Maybe I change it to popcorn world because that's a double parody where it's it's the same syllables.

And the word to the word drive about court world.

You've been living.

Okay.

That's part of the original song.

I don't want to use that.

I want to just throw that out and my old words, the pop court world wouldn't.

I'm excited.

That's popcorn cur like popcorn kernel like shortening kernel to Kerr.

Pop court.

Again.

Gillian, I might have to see in my office at the for a reprimand or for a for a bonus.

I can't tell.

Where you land on it.

A reprimand a demerit and a bonus because we rolling in it's got we make it.

I do like I think that's very charlie idea of God.

Colonel's car.

No, no, no.

Hey, pass me that jar of curse.

I got to make some popcorn.

So I would go.

Okay.

Pop card world when you got a snack and it's hold on a second.

I'll have a bit there.

One thing I should say is the Alimony Tony, I've watched a couple of his videos.

This is how they all start.

Okay.

Spit balling the idea and then getting frustrated.

People like to see the process, but then when you see the finished parody, these are the professionally recorded versions.

Absolutely.

But don't you think it's more satisfied?

Well, you would know that you scrub through.

But if you when you see the finish video, you overcoming adversity to have come along with the entire process with it.

I think it makes the finished video all the more satisfying, which I guess people I wish there's no views.

So I guess I'm in the minority.

People might love it.

They meant might not.

They just haven't seen it.

Pop card world.

Oh, it's the snack for all the couch.

You curl, you're watching Netflix and give.

Ah, okay.

I'm almost there, but you see the beginnings of it.

So then so it's just a matter of me working it out and getting there and then I present you with the finished product.

Right now, this idea is like a popcorn and cur.

It's, you know, small, but eventually.

It's the color of an idea.

Yeah, eventually you could blow up into a full, you know, bit of popcorn here and fully realized.

What do you think?

Gillian Jacob said that popcorn make a stomach hurt.

And that's what I just figured out.

You only eating the curse.

Oh, you got the little cook first, Gillian Jacobs.

I don't think it'll just be an issue for your teeth.

Yes.

Silly, silly me.

I just unscrew the jar and eat the curse raw.

Is that mainly what you were thinking of, Orville, during the Alimony Tony song?

Oh, I was thinking about how I can't wait to watch this video on YouTube on daily motion on Indigo.

Go.

Then I go into video, video and then it go go when I can send some money to his calls.

Let me tell you something.

I do like when you go to the movies, you get a bag of popcorn, you get down to the bottom where there's a couple of old maids in there.

There's a couple of half pops and you know that there's kurtles in there and you know you shouldn't be chewing on them, but you do it anyway.

You're rolling the dice and saying, you got to, baby, you got to.

I've got to get through this and it's going to be satisfying.

And usually it is every once in a while, you have to go get a virtual surgery.

But most of the time it is very satisfying to crunch all those cars.

Some people like to eat popcorn while they watch it all kind of movies.

Such as Carrie.

Oh, you're just listing movies, not kinds of movies.

Carrie.

Carrie too.

Electric Boogaloo.

That's when Carrie was doing telekinetic break dancing.

That's a good one right there.

Mm hmm.

She will rotate the car, the cardboard with a mind.

Is that the entirety of the list?

Back into the future three.

Yeah.

It was almost as if you remembered you laughed like that.

Something like that.

Scott, listen, it almost defens.

You've never had a facet of your personality that you've forgotten about because you haven't used it for months.

You forgot you did song parodies.

I forgot I did song parodies.

It seems like that's all you would be doing during the pandemic.

It's a thing that's very important to me.

I talked about it a great deal and yet I just haven't spoken to anyone else since under a while and forgot about it.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

Wow.

You know, I was just thinking, Orville Redenbacher, before we go to the break, you are an elderly rich man who may perish soon.

I just wanted to point that out.

It was an interesting, interesting fact that just popped in my head.

So we're going to talk about somebody's mortality.

Oh, sorry.

It just, like, it's not what we're going to do.

What would Orville's wife think if you, if you, if you, if you, if you, you're married or that my wife died 71 years ago.

71.

My word.

We're remarried.

And why is that?

Well, we can talk about it after the break.

Let's talk about it right now.

Nope.

Want to talk about it after the break.

We need to come right back.

We're going to have a more with Gillian Jacobs, more with Alimony Tony, more with Orville Redenbacher.

We'll be right back with the comedy bang, bang after this.

Alimony Tony.

Comedy bang, bang, we're back with Gillian Jacobs.

Do you want to say your catchphrase?

By the way, I don't think we caught it on the last, on the last segment.

My goodness.

Yes.

That's how you know it's her.

That's perfect.

We also have Alimony Tony, who is wrestling with.

Hello.

With how he insulted Gillian and what he's going to do to make it up to.

I wish I do.

I just, all I want to do is make it up to it.

And we also have Orville Redenbacher, who is an elderly, rich man, who is the head of the Redenbacher Empire.

Are you a member of the four comma club or the three comma club?

What is your net worth?

It's rude to ask out, but I tell you, I'm a member of the five comma club.

Wow.

Is that quatrillion?

How do we even call those?

I got two trillion dollars.

Calling gold bars.

Oh, okay.

Because they're gold bars, they're worth more.

Yeah.

So it takes you up to another comma.

Yes.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Got it.

Well, in any case, just wanted to point out that you are, of course, a very rich person who is on his last legs.

Are you sick at all or?

Scott, I feel like I felt 83 years ago.

I feel alive.

I feel great.

Okay.

Nothing happened to me.

Scott, nothing.

Okay.

Great.

And you, and you think you, do you think you're immortal or do you think you just can any man be you equal?

No man can be my equal.

It's of Jesus Christ.

Oh boy.

We're getting into some religious territory that we don't normally get into on this show.

That's fine.

Nobody's got a statement.

You don't hear people make often.

No man can be my equal except Jesus Christ.

And then only an equal.

Not better.

Scott.

Yeah.

He also laughs like that.

It was more over one bugger laugh.

You're the rich man.

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

Now you're walking on his side of the street.

He's coming for you.

Alamo.

Weird, Bill.

We didn't bark.

Well, um, orville, you, uh, I asked you before, but are you sick?

You, uh, are you, uh, had any health scares or anything concerning any dark spots on any x-rays?

Moles with irregular borders.

I am the pitcher health on my moles got normal borders and they closed.

Mm.

Bill that wall.

Am I right?

May I ask your opinion, um, as, as a wealthy businessman, um, how would you go about seducing a wealthy businessman?

Yeah.

If one were to seduce you orville, I know you haven't been married in 70 some odd years.

Uh, and maybe that's for a reason.

Maybe no one has seduced you properly.

What would you want to have happen from a partner?

Hmm.

That's a great question.

What would you want to have happen from a partner?

Yeah.

That's a, that's a great question.

All right.

Let me, let me think about it.

Okay.

You wrinkled to this voice.

That seems like a loophole to say great question.

That's a good question.

I feel like I want a woman to come up to me and say, Hey, you had popcorn man from the popcorn bottles.

And I said, yeah.

And she just grabbed my nuts.

So I was looking me around.

Start swinging you around.

Yeah.

I'm not the biggest man.

Oh, how, how, how, very slender.

I'm not getting a sense of how tall you are though, uh, on this zoom.

Uh, are you, uh, three feet tall or something or?

I'm three foot six.

Three six.

If you're a 64 pound.

If you're an inch.

You don't get a sense of that on your bottles.

You know, it's just a headshot.

I really like the bottles with life size.

I don't want nobody.

I don't want nobody to see my body.

You're ashamed of it, but you want someone who's into your height, who's going to pick you up by the testicles and swing you around.

That's right.

Scott.

And is that what your, uh, your dear departed wife did when she met you?

Every morning.

Every morning before she had a coffee and a popcorn cereal.

Popcorn cereal.

Popcorn is very cereal.

Like if you think about it.

It truly is.

I can understand how it would look.

It would look normal if you poured milk on it.

You know, you know why people put kicks on Christmas trees and it's supposed to put popcorn and it started putting kicks.

That was a direct attack on me.

Yeah.

I mean, I can only assume December is your biggest month, what with everyone's stringing popcorn all over their Christmas trees.

And then suddenly the kicks corporation takes over that must you must have taken quite a hit in my morning.

My wife wakes up.

She grabs my nuts and swings me all around the room.

How about that?

I mean, you got all the way through.

That's that's for the first try.

That's the father's I've gotten.

So I can imagine that there hasn't been another woman to do that because it's an odd thing to do upon your first meeting of someone.

But were were that to occur?

What would you do?

Would you just marry that person right away?

A curse spelled O C K E R.

That's right.

Thank you.

If that was to happen again, if somebody randomly walked up to me and said, I ain't you the popcorn man.

And then grab a part of it, by the way, saying ain't you the popcorn man.

You got to say that ain't you the man for the popcorn bottle.

And then she grabs my nuts and swings me around.

She can have my whole fortune.

Wow.

All five commas.

Five commas.

Wow.

Now, how will that happen in this time of of of distancing?

How are you supposed to meet someone who's going to grab you nonsense for your road?

You got to go to Florida somewhere where they're not taking it seriously.

Right.

Big sense.

So.

And if a woman were not to do that, no sale.

No sale.

No nice.

No card.

Hmm.

Well, an interesting conundrum here for our main guest, Gillian Jacobs of.

Oh, what are the rankings of what are the guest rankings?

Okay.

So Gillian's the Gillian's the main guest.

Yes.

That's where where why fall by the vice.

Your vice president.

Yes, of course.

And we have treasurer guest over here is over.

And as me, I thought I was a guest attorney of education.

Gillian likes it.

You know, can I talk to Gillian for a second without you guys listening?

Sure.

When you come back, I do what I think is important that we designate a designated survivor.

In case something happens to one of us.

Gillian, what?

You got two guys on the hook here.

I know.

How am I supposed to grab his body part and swing him around?

We're on zoom.

I mean, he said that's the only way to his heart.

I don't know what I can do here.

Yeah, you're a little.

I'm sorry.

I know I'm not supposed to.

Wait, what are you doing here?

I'm more mad at you now.

I want to help.

Do you remember the early days of Facebook, poke people?

Maybe there's a virtual there's a virtual grab and swing you can do.

If you just look at the zoom.

Maybe in the chat or something like that.

Okay.

You could describe you doing it and that's.

I'm going to go back over there with all of them.

Thank you, Alamo.

She's still mad at you, by the way.

I know.

I'm sorry to put in over here.

Oh, I know.

You're listening to.

But I just wanted to know if we did any of our like a couple of counters of popcorn.

Yes, please.

Can you leave them in the chat for us?

I was a little bit.

And that's just exactly like the real thing, right?

If someone were to do something in a chat, it's exactly like doing it in real life.

You can print it out, ball it up and eat it.

Oh, don't forget salt.

Okay, thank you.

Scott, Scott, all I see is invite mute me and raise hand.

Maybe I should just hit all three at once.

All three at once might do it.

Yeah.

Okay.

You want to do it?

Okay.

Here we go.

Ready?

Yes.

Here we go.

Oh, my nuts.

Look.

You forgot the first half, Gillie.

Make sure you say it.

You the man from the popcorn.

That's the end of that lamp.

You forgot the first part.

Oh, she said it.

She said it.

What was it?

I didn't say it in the queue.

You don't even know.

I remember.

Oh, no, it's a quick spell.

If you don't say the words properly, something terrible happens.

She I mean, she paraphrased a little bit, but she essentially said, Hey, ain't you the popcorn man?

Oh, this supposed to be ain't you the man from the popcorn bottle.

Oh, Scott.

You ruined my chances.

I'm sorry.

Uh oh.

Oh, my legs are turning the dust.

Oh, no.

Oh, I'm turning the dust.

You killed him, Scott.

If you killed him, you're the one who grabbed him by the nuts.

No, you're the one who said the incantation improperly.

Oh, remember you.

Oh, all of you.

Oh, nice thing to say.

Oh, I beg his and stop that my head.

Oh, okay.

He's just a head.

Just a head in a pile of dust.

Oh, my gosh.

People can still tell I'm the man from the popcorn bottle.

That's just my head is what is true.

You still look like a few.

Let's be honest, your head is probably two thirds of your body.

I mean, you know, you had a little tiny stick figure body on top of a normal sized head.

You're bow tied to the dust as well.

Oh, I don't know that I would recognize you and say, Hey, ain't you the one who's going to meet you the popcorn, man?

If you're.

Age, the man from the popcorn bottle.

Why is this so hard for people?

Everyone knows what a popcorn bottle is.

It's a very common thing.

You just say, I'm from the popcorn bottle.

Everybody eats that popcorn out of bottle.

Oh, you're going to buy the bottle full.

I bought a six pack of popcorn the other day.

Well, Gillian, I don't know.

ruined it.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

It looks good.

Look, can I talk to you for a second?

Oh, fine.

What?

No, not you, I'm sorry.

I was talking to Gillian.

How come I'm never part of the secret?

Oh, look, yeah, I'll have a secret meeting with you right after this.

If you want to.

Right.

I look forward to it.

All right, here we go.

Gillian.

So you blew it with red and brown hair.

I had a correction.

You blew it.

All right, let's not point fingers because whenever we do that, there's three fingers pointing back.

I got it.

I guess I got a.

Should I pay it back to alimony Tony?

This is your last chance.

Look, I've been worried about you because.

You used to have like NBC sitcom money and now you're now you're doing indie films.

You know, I don't know.

I can and from what I can tell you're you're sitting in a closet, which I don't know if there's a house attached to that or just your closet or so.

I mean, I worry about you.

Thank you.

I looked I looked you up on celebrity net worth the other day and I was aghast at what I saw.

You need to get those numbers up.

But I was a little bit more interested in the show.

I'm a little bit more interested in the show.

I just like to plug a couple of podcasts that I like to listen to.

One's called Stay F. Holbegens.

It's a married couple who are doing a podcast of quarantine.

They thought they'd be done by now, but it's still going.

Another one is the Neighborhood Listen, a very funny podcast where people, two people take posts from the next door app and they use it as an improv comedy fodder.

They've had a lot of great guests, including people like Carl Tarte.

Hello, Mutter, improv fodder.

What do you think of that as a parodist?

Hello, Mutter, improv fodder.

I would change the hello-mutter part to something else.

Hello, Brudda, improv fodder.

Sure, absolutely.

Thank you.

Another podcast called Freedom.

I could talk about that.

That's three people talking over each other and a lot like this show in some ways.

People talk over each other, but they're real people that are really talking.

Real people really talking.

That's out for free currently.

That's Paul if Tomkins, myself and Lauren Lapka.

Are you the sculpt that's on Freedom?

I am the sculpt that's on Freedom.

I never put it together.

Our first episode came out Thursday and people can subscribe to that.

They're all coming out for free here on the Earwolf Network or wherever people get their podcasts.

Well, that's wonderful news.

Okay.

And Orville, what do you have to plug here?

Well, I always want to plug in popcorn.

And then you know what you can watch while you're eating that popcorn is connecting on NBC.

Thursday night, it's at eight o'clock.

You can watch that there.

Is that on currently or is that about your premiere or?

That's on currently a premiere couple weeks ago.

And it's all right now.

You can watch it if you got Xfinity from Comcast.

Y'all to spectrum, Cox communication, optimum by LTS.

Time one to be a calm cable.

Wow, suddenly communication.

I've sparked light.

Is it optimum from LTS, housewives spit off?

It's a Bravo.

Optimum from LTS.

Then you can watch it on Bravo.

And if you want to watch Bravo, you can watch it on New Wave communications.

Mid-code, wave broad band, Atlantic broad band.

So many cable providers out there.

And Opie Cocks.

Oh, of course Peacock, yes.

All right, well, I was going to plug 3 of them, but Alimony Tony beat me to the punch.

But also, I guess you can check out all episodes of the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, which given you were on like three of those weren't you?

Oh, yes I was.

It even four.

I think you might have been on four of them.

And you dressed like Peewee Herman in one for Halloween episode.

It's time to watch the Halloween episodes, by the way, this week.

We did four Halloween episodes, and Gilly was in our episode 511 or 512 as Peewee Herman.

And a great time to watch those.

You can watch all of those on AMC Plus, which is a new streaming service.

That's something like $9 a month.

But I think you get breaking beds and walking beds and stuff.

How come none of these services do like a minus?

I was just thinking that.

Hey, you know the shows we do, though, you don't like, they're not on here.

Oh, less.

And less is more.

Less is more.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Can I sing the plug songs?

Yeah, go ahead.

Yeah, do you want to have a closing up the plug bag theme?

I was like everyone to join me.

Okay, great.

Everyone, I know one.

And I two.

And I one, two, three.

Close it up, close it up, close it up.

Close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up, close it up.

We're going to close it up.

You know, I mean, shorter than the normal one actually gets the details right, says closing up the plug bag instead of opening it.

I mean, you know, maybe lacks something melodically compared to the one that we normally do, but.

I'll take that note.

Are you sure about that?

Not at all.

I mean, because the other guy adds music to it.

That's where the melody comes in.

Sure, of course.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Gilly, and always great to see you.

And I hope everything's going well, but wonderful to have you round these parts.

Please don't be a stranger.

Come by more often if you can.

So, folks.

She's blowing kisses for the listener.

Doesn't necessarily translate, but or she's or she's doing something as her lizard person.

I can't quite that much.

Yeah.

That's my lizard goodbye and my human kiss.

Ah, wonderful.

And Ellemony Tony, I'm sorry we couldn't make a love connection here for you.

Hey, that's all right.

Look, I built this by a bit or other block.

You know what I mean?

It's love, love happens and love goes away.

I'm afraid you're going to have to keep all that money.

For now.

You'll get rid of it.

Don't worry.

Thank you, Scott.

Thank you for being my failures.

Yes, of course.

Orville, I'm glad that we could make a love connection.

And soon you'll have half the money that you normally have, but to a disembodied head.

That's certainly more than enough.

Is it not?

It's more than enough.

And I'm soon going to be on Ruth by the Ginsburgs, by the...

And I have all my money back because everybody's eating popcorn.

All right, everyone eat popcorn this week to make sure that Gillian gets enough money.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
