---
layout: page
title: 680. Jason Mantzoukas, Thomas Middleditch [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-680-20201014-MantzoukasMiddleditch-ACv01-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Hello operator, give me number nine. I've got a strong addiction to tummy tickling swine. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you to Malcolm Jamal Warlord for that catchphrase submission. Malcolm Jamal Warlord.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition. We have a wonderful show today.

Coming up a little later, we will have a lawyer, someone who knows the law, who traverses throughout the particulars of the law. He will be here coming up a little later. We also will have an actor slash comedian will be joining us.

But before we get to them, let me tell you that my name is Scott Ocarman. I am an actor slash comedian myself, I guess.

If I am offer only on both parts as a comedian and as an actor.

But here's someone who is not only offer only, but gets offered those sweet sweet gigs baby, all those gigatrons.

You know him from the John Wick franchise as the TikTok man.

You know him from the Comedy Bang Bang franchise as the Dink Dink man.

You know him from this particular podcast as the Hainong man. Please welcome back to the show actor Jason Mantukas.

Wow, wow. This is, you know, how exciting. Look at it. Look at us now. Look at us now.

We are doing it. We're making it work. We're making it happen.

So if we had said all those years ago in that first ear Wolf studio, remember it during a plane break right next to the dispensary.

If we'd said to each other someday, we're going to be doing this episode, these episodes from our homes in a closet covered in blankets.

This is this is life.

Maybe say what happened to the business fall through? No, actually did pretty well. Just we're in this show is still incredibly successful.

But we are very trapped in how we do it.

But what I enjoy about doing these shows, Jason, as well, you know, is I get a glimpse into people's closets and I'm taking a look at all those sweaters and T-shirts.

All of the folded clothes. All of the folded shirts.

The sweaters is warm and fuzzy as your beard.

You know, I've started knitting with my beard. Very exciting. I'm making a hair shirt.

I wouldn't be surprised if you knitted that beard.

You know what? I thank you. That means it must look really good in home. It must feel like homemade. It's a home. It is a homemade beard.

It is a homemade beard. As listeners know, Jason Menzukas is just a character that you've played on this podcast for the last 10, 11 years.

And in your life, your real name is Jeffrey character Wheaties.

You're a nice, normal guy who puts on a fake beard any time that he has to go out in public and puts on a brash braise and attitude on shows like this.

I have this kind of raspy voice. You know, this is all, you know, I took a character class.

I took a series of character classes and developed this character.

It really stuck with you, too. I mean, a lot of people take those character classes and they go, okay, I'll use these on stage.

Sometimes you find those externals that really help you find your voice.

This is a decades long prank, essentially, that you've been playing on the public.

Yeah, totally, totally. And it's, you know what? I'm having a great time inside of it.

You know, it's exciting. It's exciting to be part of a living performance.

Do you have sex mainly as Jason Menzukas or as Jeffrey character Wheaties?

You know, here's what I'll say. I can only answer as Jason Menzukas because that's the only person I can, that's the person who's talking right now.

Right, I see.

So, you know, I have sex as Jason Menzukas, you know, Jeffrey character Wheaties when he has sex is having sex as Jeffrey character Wheaties.

Well, Jeffrey character Wheaties makes love.

Yes, exactly. Is the title of his R&B album.

Jeffrey character Wheaties makes love. Now, that would be something. If you separately, in addition to the Jason Menzukas projects, put out stuff under your real name.

Jeffrey character Wheaties loves singing. You hate it.

Love you to do it.

I hate it because Jeffrey character Wheaties loves it so much.

You know what? You know, when you build a character, you try and put yourself as far away from where you live.

You know, of course. So, I have created a character who hates the thing I love the most, music and singing and musical theatre.

Also, up in your closet is a picture of a skeleton. Look, I'll be honest with you.

It's spooky. It's October, baby.

Not anymore, but I will say that I will say that we have run out of things to talk about.

We've been in our houses for months. I'm now talking about the pictures that are up behind you.

I mean, there's nothing to like, I can't say, Hey, what'd you do last night?

There's nothing to talk about.

Well, here's what I'll say. I mean, I'll take it down. You know, it is, I will say, I know we're joking around.

It is a bummer. It's a bummer that we've been trapped in the house for so long.

It's a bummer to have been stuck at home in isolation for seven and a half months.

The fact that like you and I haven't even hung out to do something that we can say, talk about together.

Yeah, like, Oh, remember a couple of weeks ago, we did talk about it on the past.

You know, like, I'm pointing out particulars in your closet and that's all we have to talk about it.

It really is. It's very sad to not be sharing experiences with my best, bro.

And I want to know, how are you? What's going on?

Let instead let us turn to the past instead of the present.

Oh, let's talk about things that have happened to you in the past as Jeffrey character Wheaties.

Oh, God.

What? Let's just talk about, you know, previous things that have happened to you.

What's the saddest you've ever been?

What's the saddest I've ever been?

Sure.

This is a good interview question, right?

Oh, man. I mean, I don't know what's the saddest I've ever been. That's a great question.

Where you're just pounding the floor saying, I can't do it anymore.

I mean, there've been plenty of times when I've been very sad.

I mean, I'm trying to think when my, you know, there's obvious moments like when my dog died, it was heartbreaking. I held my dog in my arms while she died.

That was very sad. They were very sad, scary things that are like, you know, parental health scares and things like that that are scary and sad.

Let's just steer it back towards the dog dying because that's too grim.

Listen, you asked me what's the saddest you've ever been?

I'm earnestly trying to explore it and my demonstrating emotion is making you uncomfortable.

Let's take it back to the skeleton in your closet.

What's that poster?

What is your earliest memory, Jason Manzuk?

Here's what I'll say. I don't remember much.

I have a fame in my family and so forth.

I have a famously bad memory for things.

Like, I don't, they'll all remember some shared experience.

Let's, let's go backwards in time and check with you to see if you remember it.

Okay. Do you remember the start of the pandemic?

Of course.

Okay. Of course. It was December, 2019.

Okay. Of course. That's what I started hearing it.

So when I started locking it.

Wuhan.

Yeah.

Now, now let's go back a little further.

Do you remember President Obama's inauguration?

I do. I was there.

You were there.

I went to Barack Obama's inauguration.

Where were you in the front row? Can you be seen on the front row?

I was in the front row screaming.

Barry!

You fucking did it, bro!

You did it, Barry!

Okay. So let's go backward from there.

Do you remember 9-11?

Yes, of course.

I was living in New York City on the, on the day.

I, I took the subway underneath the events as they were happening.

I got out to go to my job and turned on the radio and, and it was, it was on, you know?

Did you hear anything from the subway? Did you hear any loud noise?

I heard nothing.

I heard nothing because it was still very like when I got out of the subway that turned on Howard Stern and he said, we're getting reports now that a plane has flown into a, this was still when they thought it was like a small, like a, a private.

Before they knew it was a control demolition.

And before they knew it was like a jet, like an enormous plane, like a passenger plane that had flown.

They, they first thought that it was like a, like a hobbyist plane, like a small, like a propeller plane or something.

Right.

Alright.

Enough about that. Let's go even further back.

I don't understand this model of show.

Well, because you do. I'm trying to get friends.

I'm trying to get your early- We could have a- We could have a- Do you remember- Have a conversation, but you're doing something weird. Okay, go ahead.

Do you remember your high school graduation?

Yes. Yes. I spoke at my high school graduation.

You spoke? What did you say?

I gave one of the talks. I don't know. It was- Why, why were you, why was Jeffrey Character Wheaties invited to speak as an equation?

Oh, because I was a class officer. All the class officers spoke.

What? I don't know.

I was a class officer.

I was a class treasurer.

I was class treasurer.

In student body. I say student body. I was sorry. We do. We called it class officers.

How strange that they would let anyone who just ran for a thing speak at graduate- What'd you talk about the money that you saved?

Everybody- No, everybody had like a part to play. I spoke a little and then introduced somebody else.

It wasn't like a big- It wasn't a big to do.

Okay. Do you remember your first day of kindergarten?

No.

You don't.

Not enough.

Okay. So it's somewhere in between your first day at school and your last day at school.

Okay.

Somewhere in between there is your- Your early- I love that you've decided that it's a school-based metric, but okay.

Why not?

Somewhere in there. Well, do you remember anything before school?

I mean, here- No. I don't really- I'm trying to think.

I kind of remember school and then I remember like- I remember mostly the nine months that I lived in my mother's womb and then- Oh, hold on.

I don't remember anything.

Back up. Back up. You remember anything until- Hold on, Jeff.

Like seventh grade dance.

Jeffery, you remember- Wait, you're talking to Jeffery?

I'm talking to Jay- I'm only speaking as Jason Mando.

Oh, oh, oh, wait. So Jason Mandookus remembers being in the womb and then doesn't remember anything until high school graduation?

Yes. Yes.

So you took this- Jeffery- I'm sorry, Jeffery Character.

Oh boy.

Took this character class in high school. Created.

I don't think that that's canon, but I think- I'm pretty sure we might have said it was a Groundlings class.

Well, sure. It was one Contiga Groundlies class in high school.

Oh, I guess I could have. I could- Jeffery- Who knows? Jeffery Character.

Yes. Possibly. You know, I really- I don't have a lot of access to Jeffery's memories right now.

Yeah, but what I find odd is that Jason Mandookus, this character that Jeffery created, remembers being in the womb.

Yeah, because it was the last time- it was the last time he got some time to himself.

Okay. In his favorite place.

In his favorite place.

Whom's in general? Not your mother's- Oh, and listening.

I'm talking about a womb with a view, baby.

Uh-huh, huh.

Yeah, that's a small, small window you got in there.

It really is. And you really got to focus on it.

And once you are looking through it, you're pretty much- you've been pretty much evicted.

Oh, God.

Well, Jason, it's always great to have you on the show. You have strong co-host energy. I need you.

Oh, I need you in my corner. I know you're in the corner of your closet, your sweater corner, but I need you in my corner today because I need you backing me up.

I'm always here for you.

I have a couple of important guests coming up.

I'm always here for you. I am at all- as always, you're right-hand man.

You sit at my right hand, which I appreciate.

Yes, sure. I serve at the pleasure of the host.

Why is it that the right-hand man is the most important?

Because people are normally right-handed?

I can't recall exactly what the reason for that is.

I mean, you're- I think probably because people are mostly right-handed, referring to someone as your right-hand man, it would be like the most trusted- I'm going to need some information on this. Kevin, I'm going to need you to send that through on the chat.

And we will, of course, the second- I don't need to hear your guesses, Jason.

I want to hear actual information. The second I receive that information, we will pause everything.

You're becoming impossible to- Really?

In quarantine as a host, really, like really just like- I'm talking to Kevin like that.

Like, it real just like- Kevin appreciates it.

Oh, okay. Here's the chat. Kevin says, what was the question?

Kevin always nice to know you're listening intently.

The question is, why do they say right-hand man?

What is the origin of what is the origin of that?

What is the origin of someone as a right-hand man?

And as soon as we get that information, we will pause everything.

But before we do that- What's the- what are you- what's the- what are you binging, Scotty?

What are you- What are you binging?

Enough! We need to bring out our guest.

What?

Enough of this.

Scotty, everybody knows- wants to know what are you binging?

I am.

Of course, I don't- What are you- and what are you purging?

I pur- I, of course, Purge Watch, which means I watched The Purge, the first movie.

And I did that once, and it was great.

That's so cool.

Robert, I feel like teetering dangerously on the edge of a Purge.

We certainly are. I mean, of course, the riots may be going on as you listen to this.

We will find out soon.

But we need to get to our- Oh, we have an answer.

This information came in.

Right-hand man is a military reference to a commander on the right, but it is predated by the use of right-hand, a chief assistant or indispensable helper.

The superiority of the right-hand is cultural right-handedness being the norm.

Mm.

Norm!

Okay.

Cheers.

Anytime I hear- Perfect.

People talking about politics when they talk about shattering norms, how does that make George Wentfield?

You know, probably threatened.

You probably feel threatened.

Shattered norms.

It's like shattered glass.

What was that guy's name, David Glass?

How do you think Phil and Glass feels about that?

Oh my gosh.

Well, we don't have time to get into that.

We do need to get to our first-guess- Or ice-jerk glass.

Yeah.

That's true enough.

Any of the- Any of the glasses.

The Glass family.

Are they all related?

George Glass.

Jan's fake boyfriend from the Brady Bunch.

Oh, yeah.

George Glass.

Of course.

My boyfriend, George Glass.

George Glass.

What?

Did she look at a glass on the side, too?

I love it.

It's like- It's pretty amazing.

George Glass.

Is that one of the first examples of that?

By the way, one of the best ones is in the movie The Wrong Guy by Dave Foley.

Oh, okay.

So good.

Where he says his name is Jones.

And then they say, what's your first name?

And he looks around the room and he sees a package of like Chris's Enema bags.

And he says, Enema bag Jones.

So good.

Anyway, I may be butchering that.

Speaking of butchers, Sam the Butcher from Brady Bunch.

Oh, he's bringing Alice to me.

He certainly is, BC Boys.

But we do need to get to our first guest.

He is formerly, although I guess he continues to be in reruns.

I guess if you are a cast member from the beginning to the end, you will always be a cast member.

If you were fired, let's say four seasons in, maybe you don't continue to be a cast member.

I'll definitely be asking him about this to get his opinion on the record.

Wow.

But he continues to be a cast member of Silicon Valley and he has a new CBS show.

Is that right?

Called something and we'll ask him what whatever that is.

And it comes on at some point.

This is one of the best interests.

Look, I got to say, he didn't come on here to promote it either.

He has brought it up.

I just popped to my head.

Your intro game during quarantine is next level.

Thank you.

But he'd rather talk about his Twitch channel from what I understand.

So it just literally popped to my head that he has a CBS show, which he should be promoting.

Please welcome back to the show one of our old friends, Thomas Middleday, cello Thomas.

Wow.

Yeah.

Is that a mouthful?

Wow.

It's all over the trade, Scott.

Be positive.

CBS, Chuck, Laurie, hey, he's a pretty successful sitcom producer.

He made it based on one of the most popular blood types.

Yeah, dude.

And the most popular medical problem.

You have to understand that kidney failure has been voted top one most sexy medical condition of 2018.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So this is this program you're on is to get kidney failure awareness out there.

Is that what it is?

It's to sexualize kidney awareness.

So when I watch this CBS show, it's very kinky.

No, no.

Yeah.

I remember when you guys were developing this.

It was a cable show called horny for kidneys.

Yeah.

It's a big, big, big, big new, multi-cam sitcom will be pausing for laughs.

Is it coming on?

When does it come on?

When is it?

Oh, best time slot you could ever Thursday nights on CBS.

And it's like in between like young Sheldon and one of the other ones.

And then, but here's the kicker.

November 5th, we will either be looking for a light comedy to take our minds off or in the middle of a civil war.

We'll see.

Wonderful.

We'll see when this, when this is released, we'll see where we're at.

But you're in with those CBS folks.

I got it.

I got a hot idea for a new show.

Oh, sweet.

Yeah.

I've got Chuck Laurie on the phone in a second.

Okay.

All right.

He's involved younger Sheldon.

Okay.

Get him in a womb.

No, no, not too.

No, that's ridiculous.

Not too young.

I want to go like one year younger.

Oh, interesting.

Okay.

I just what takes place in the year.

It's a prequel in the year.

Yeah.

Up to you.

When I watch that young Sheldon show, I'm like, it's fine.

But what happened a year ago?

Here, how about, how about a pitch?

I've got a pitch.

How about this?

Yeah.

Because it's so hard right now to think about how we could do TV, how we can safely, even with protocols and everything.

Why don't they take episodes of young Sheldon?

Take the actor as he is now and CG him into those old episodes as a time traveling slightly older Sheldon.

Yes.

Also, okay.

My idea, we could just take the episodes of young Sheldon and use the de-aging process that they used in the Irishman on that kid who plays young Sheldon.

And suddenly you've got younger Sheldon.

I wouldn't even know the difference if the stories are the same, if the stories are, you know, I mean, I mean, how old is just a quick question.

Sure.

How old is young Sheldon?

You didn't ask Chuck Laurie this in your first meeting.

I think I should probably stay away from my first questions being how old are these kids.

These on the, Chuck Laurie's on the record is saying it's none of your goddamn business.

He keeps that information very close to the list.

I will say, Scott is, I did as, because a lot of people don't know that I represent Scott as an actor and you're doing a great job.

You have gotten an audition for elderly Sheldon.

Oh, wait, elderly.

Yeah.

Where are the old Sheldon?

Old Sheldon.

Do I put on old age makeup or they want you?

They just want me as I am.

Oh man.

This is a tough bill to swallow.

Here's the big question, question for your pitch there, Scott.

So young Sheldon, I just looked it up on the worldwide web and young Sheldon in season one is nine years old.

Can you tell me, you're telling me that you can tell the difference between a nine-year-old or an eight-year-old boy?

Yeah, to me, like he's obviously in fourth grade and I'm just sitting there going like, what happened in third grade?

I just don't think physically you can tell.

Nice.

He's also a genius.

He probably skipped third grade.

Okay.

Is any in college?

Yeah.

Is he in college on young Sheldon?

Is it young Sheldon basically doogie house there?

Thomas, tell us everything about young Sheldon.

You're leading.

Is young Sheldon in college?

Are you typing things in?

Is that like, I like that your search history is going to really be weird.

High school.

Is young Sheldon in college?

Is there a...

Where college can I meet him in?

Hey Thomas, it's Chuck Laurie.

I heard about some of your Google searches and...

Yeah, we're tracking those.

Yeah, it's no big deal.

CVS tracks are employee Google searches.

You googled the phrase, does young Sheldon party?

It's a little...

It really kind of weirded us out.

How many episodes have you taped?

Are you taping them during all of this?

What's going on?

We are, but there's no live audience.

It was such a fun thing to do in the pilot.

I never...

Man, the real heroes of Maltegan said the hype men that keep the audience like screaming for three hours.

That's right.

Speaking of pilots, you're a pilot.

Okay.

Yeah.

We've talked about this.

Yeah, I know.

I saw a picture of you up in one of your airplanes.

Yeah, but I've had a lot of free time to fly rescue dogs and stuff recently, which is...

Wait, you've been for fun?

Like, as a treat for them?

To be nice.

And so you just drop them into the fire zones?

Yep, I say...

Go rescue something.

Big O'Tommy, these shelters are full.

We got to kill some of these dogs, but we're out of poison.

And I go, bring them out of my plane.

Let me launch them up and drop them into these wildfires.

Two birds, one stone.

No, they have shelters are full, so they need them to transport them to other shelters or maybe they're forever home or a medical emergency if a dog got out of cheese.

Why can't they just drive them?

Because these dogs are first class.

They get a car sick.

Yeah.

So in any case, B-positive is CBS Thursday nights 8.30.

And you have a Twitch, do you not, that you want to talk about?

Well, yeah, I was just trying it out.

Trying to see what's so fun about Twitch.

I was just going to ask you, what is so fun about Twitch?

I don't get it.

Well, I mean, without being able to go on stage now, as many of us, we all are experiencing, we got to stay.

My first love.

Yes, performance beer.

And staying engaged and silly and like, I don't know, keep sharp with all that stuff.

Twitch is fun, it depends what you want to do on it.

You know, like, T-Pain's on it.

And he just...

What?

He's just like, he's just like music producing.

He just like makes tracks and like teaches you how.

Like he, it's just more like informal, making beats and jams.

Okay, so what do you do on it?

I play video games.

That's what I like to do.

So I just, you know, I talk and I chit chat and I do sillies and then I play games.

But your audience can talk back to you.

It's like a conversation or it's like a passive.

You're doing a show and they're just watching you.

Or you're playing a game rather and they're just watching you.

There's a chat window and I can look at that and interact with the chat.

It depends what game I'm playing to be on.

Some games require way too much focus for me to chit chat.

And all they see is like my like gamer face like, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

I worry that if I were to do this, I would just, yeah, I would just be constray on the game and forget to talk to people for hours.

Well, you know, each game has breaks or there might, you may be playing some multiplayer game like where the round ends and you check in.

And I usually try and leave like time in the beginning of the year to do silly stuff.

Are you playing a game?

Like are these people playing with you?

Are you like part of the same game?

Are they like, I'm going to come kill you or are they just like watching you be like, Oh, nice move or whatever.

I don't know.

Depending on the game, you could probably set something up where there's a lot more in like everybody playing kind of thing.

But mainly it's just, it's just watching because you can get, you can like watch switch on your phone and stuff.

It's just like something to kind of watch like a podcast or whatever, like you probably.

Well, I'm imagining most people do it while they're doing something else.

But it's, it's fun.

And it's, yeah, middle.

It sounds like a great art form, something that you do while other, while people are doing other things.

That's literally your milieu, Scott.

I do not expect people to be focusing on this show.

You just expect someone to like sit in their chair, headphones on, close their eyes and like, yes, the reality is that 99% of people right now are folding towels.

Yeah.

Come on.

Or doing the dishes or commuting.

Yeah.

So that's, you know, what did the, it's like Twitch.tv, smart slash middle ditch.

And I'm trying to do regular streams every Monday at five p.m.

Pacific and then whenever else I can.

So yeah, we'll, we'll see if we can have, have fun.

By the way, I do want to direct people to your Netflix specials that you do with Ben Schwartz.

I watched one the other day with, what was it?

Little Paul?

Is that what a short Paul?

Yeah.

Short Paul.

Yes.

Very funny.

There's a lot of those bits, a lot of like references to the show comes up in the Twitch check because they're other fans.

And so like on role playing games, I'm, I end up making a lot of short Paul's as characters to play like as wizards and shit.

Speaking of new realities, we are new realities.

We have to take a break.

And I know, Thomas, you have to go.

I always got to take a duty.

I save my duties up for when I.

Thank you.

I appreciate that.

Start this show and guess what?

My duty holds full of it.

All right.

Crank it on Tommy.

You're going to take off, but Jason and Jocas, you're going to stick around and we have, we have another guest coming up.

We have a lawyer and this, I'm sorry you're going to miss him, Thomas, because are you interested in the law at all?

Absolutely not.

I'm already falling asleep, but okay.

I'm going to save it for him on the can.

Okay.

Great.

He's so economic, time wise.

If you could shit while you slept, like cleanly.

Oh my God.

I would do it for eight hours straight if I could do it while I was sleeping.

If you could wake up well rested and voided, completely vacated, that would be incredible.

Isn't that what the movie while you were sleeping was about?

I'm pretty sure.

Yeah.

Well, let's be clear because while you're sleeping is about someone who's in a coma, it is defacto about someone who is sleeping and shitting at the same time.

You're in a coma.

You duty, right?

Yeah.

You do.

That's one of the places.

If you're in a coma, you do duty.

Yeah.

How do you duty in your coma?

Do you duty out a hole?

Oh, whoa.

Do you duty into a hole?

From a hole into a hole.

Yeah.

Are you doing poop back and forth?

And do we, you two each other's butts?

Like Miranda July's movie.

Yeah.

Am I, I think, I think if you are in a coma, my understanding is they probably have to fit you with some sort of colostomy.

Well, you know, Jason's just guessing, Thomas, why don't you look up coma, duty, young Sheldon.

Chlora form party.

Just look up all those and and boner pills with a Z.

Yeah.

And then just text, text just the answer, but we do have to take a break.

When we come back, we will have more Jason and Zukas and we will have a lawyer.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang.

After this, comedy, bang, bang, bang.

We're back here.

Jason man, Zukas.

No, well, well.

Yes.

Has Jack and Jill said as they went up that hill, of course, but we need to get to our next guest, Thomas Middle ditch had to go, but we have the aforementioned lawyer.

This is exciting.

Jason, are you interested in the law?

I really am.

Well, like I find that it's such an interesting topic and I'm so intrigued by people who've spent their life in true in seeking out the truth and the law and understanding how the laws of our country are implemented.

I used to think that I wanted to be a lawyer, but then I realized I just wanted to argue with people.

Well, can I ask you a question?

Did you ever?

Did you ever really think?

Were you ever like, did you have a maybe you're joking about being a lawyer?

Was there ever a career path you thought you might take?

I used to think that if I didn't get into show business that I would have been a lawyer because I was fascinated by the OJ trial.

I'm glad he got off for something he didn't do.

Sure, sure, sure.

And yeah, no, but I used to think, oh, yeah, that would be my backup job.

You're always telling me that I have to follow him on Twitter.

Of course, yeah, he's great.

Well, he's a great guest on this show.

But yeah, I used to think it would be that, but I worked mainly in a restaurant and food service.

Sure, but I probably that would have been my fallback maybe, but lawyers.

But you aspirationally, you thought maybe maybe I'll be a lawyer.

That could be a career.

Sure.

You would do interesting.

How about you?

This is going to be very exciting for you.

This is exciting.

But before we bring him on, I want to know about your backup career.

What would you do?

Because a weirdo like you, I don't know that you fit in any way or in society.

I don't know what I would have done.

I think the thing that I thought I wanted to do was be a drummer.

I played drums.

Oh, right.

And even in my mind, I was like, maybe I'll make a living in like in like wedding band.

Blue man group.

Oh, well, I auditioned for Blue man group like six times.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

I got six callbacks into Blue man group.

So they don't give you the job after one audition?

Six callbacks.

Yes.

Six callbacks.

It was crazy.

I got I got all the way till be on their stage in one of the jumpsuits and a bald cap doing the doing the final callback.

But I couldn't.

Their whole thing was because obviously if you know, Blue man group, they are.

Oh, yeah.

Stone faced.

Stone faced, you know, it's a it's a clown performance.

And so they the guys who created it was set in the audience and I stood on stage and they would just say, okay, now without moving anything but your eyes, we're just going to pepper you with things.

And so you just react to what we say, but don't move anything except for your eyes.

And then I would stand there and they would go, what is that?

What is that?

You're moving your mouth.

What is that?

I'm trying to do it while you're doing this, by the way.

And then I'm I'm not my mouth is totally still.

I couldn't do it.

You're moving your mouth.

You're moving your eyebrows.

I'm moving this.

You're moving.

Like it was like I could not quiet my face.

Well, having you on the show so many times, I can only imagine you not moving your mouth is something that you are unable to do.

Hey, let's be honest.

I didn't get the job for a reason, baby.

And it's because can't stop talking.

I wonder if they remember the fact that you were there or I know.

No, no, no, no.

You know how you see all those those failed Star Wars auditions where it's like Nick Nolte is, you know, hustle or whatever.

Yes, hustle.

They keep all those of like Jason Manzukas.

That would be amazing.

The TikTok man.

Yeah, I mean, it literally was I was like just out of college.

I didn't, you know, it was an open call that I answered, you know, what a fascinating parallel universe where you I'm a lawyer.

Yes.

And I sue your ass.

All right.

Well, speaking of suing, I don't know whether our next guest is this kind of lawyer, but we will certainly talk to him about that.

He of course is a lawyer.

Please welcome to the show Gino Carpuzzi.

Hey, how you going?

Doing really well.

Great to meet you.

Tell you what, if you're going to sue anybody for under $10,000, you're going to want me for a while for under $10,000.

Yeah, $10,000 or on it because because baby I'm a lawyer.

Let me finish small claims.

Small, small fucking claims.

Got it telling you in court, all right.

Okay.

You have a little discrepancy over who did what?

I need a little, I want money.

You want you, want you to say, I don't want to give you no monies technically legally in the state of California.

You're not allowed to have a lawyer represent you in small claims.

I say hogwash to that.

You say food.

Help you.

Poopsie poop.

See is what I say to them.

Okay.

So you know, I've heard that when you go to small claims court, it's not really.

Economical to have a lawyer.

I mean, you're suing for such a small amount.

Usually it's like, hey, I didn't get my deposit back on my apartment or, hey, this guy scraped my fence and I need to repaint it.

You're suing, you're suing Jason here for $9,999, the maximum allowable monetary compensation in a small claims court.

You're telling me that's not a lot of money?

I don't know.

Oh, look at you.

Money grows on trees.

But you know, I just a quick question, for those small claims to make it financially, you know, make sense, what kind of money are you paid?

Like how are you living off?

Yeah, normally a lawyer gets something like 30% or something.

How much do you get?

I have a flat fee.

Flat fee.

No matter the case, no matter what you call it.

No matter the case.

Is that an hourly?

Is it a daily?

I know it's a flat fee.

It's a flat fee.

Oh, it's just it's it's.

It's win or lose win or lose flat fee.

Jason, I like this new character, the guy who doesn't know what a flat fee is.

Well, I didn't I was so so what is the flat fee?

How much do you charge?

Yeah, we're looking at 12 five.

Twelve dollars and fifty cents.

Yes.

The 125,000 dollars.

Wait, what?

Do the math.

You call that 12 five?

Do the math.

No, I'm sorry.

I don't I didn't go to law school.

Oh, wait, you did it?

No, I didn't go to law school to not to be to be compensated as a small as a as small claims court maximum $10,000 allowance.

So your fee is a hundred and twenty thousand correct.

I have a twenty five hundred.

But you get out of it.

Here's what you get out of it.

You get you get whatever you want it, you know, whatever, a dollar seven hundred and sixty two.

We all know there are the various numbers that reside within that window.

One hundred and twenty eight fifty one cents.

Of course.

Let's see what else what else eight grand.

Oh, okay.

Nice.

Even one there.

Nine hundred and twenty eight fifty one cents.

Of course.

Let's see what else what else eight grand.

Oh, okay.

Nice.

Even one there.

Nine hundred and twenty eight fifty one cents.

Of course.

Let's see what else what else eight grand.

Oh, okay.

Nice.

Even one there.

Nine hundred and twenty eight fifty one cents.

Of course.

Let's see what else what else eight grand.

Oh, okay.

Nice.

Even one there.

Nine hundred and twenty eight fifty one cents.

From one dollar to nine thousand nine hundred ninety nine.

Yeah, exactly.

You're either getting that or having me defend that from being got from you.

But here's the other thing you get.

Is you get yourself respect?

You get your prize.

Oh, that's priceless.

Oh, can't put a price on your pride.

Can you?

That's what I'm saying.

Because all these people, you know, what are you going to do?

Call legal zoom with their phone number that they actually have one eight hundred seven, three zero eight eight eight.

You're going to call that.

I don't know why you're you're saying your competitor's phone number.

That seems like that.

You haven't so readily available.

Go ahead.

I dare you call legal zoom.

They'll lose you to case.

You'll pay what?

Oh, I save yourself some money.

What?

Pay two hundred and fifty dollars.

No, legal zoom is a great deal and you won't lose those cases.

Those cases are airtight.

Do you go up against legal zoom a lot as an entity?

Constantly.

They're the only they're the only quote unquote law firm.

Legal zoom is not a lot.

Represent people, consult people and small claims.

So they're sort of like your antagonist in a way.

They're they're the Tommy Lee Jones to your Harrison Ford.

Exactly.

Scott.

And you know what?

I just want to make this clear that I am not legally allowed to represent you in court.

So what this means is we'll go over your case.

All right.

Okay.

Then you'll be on the court floor, you know, like judge duty style standing in your little podium.

Look at me.

I'm standing there.

The judge is like, what do you want?

You're good.

What do you want?

And you got me behind you in the general mission area.

Ballings.

General mission.

Y'all and it she doing as for this, you know, kind of thing.

How often are you shushed by the judge?

Constantly.

What a fuck does a judge know about shushing?

Wait, so they don't do it the right way?

They're ineffective.

They know when and how to shush someone.

I mean, I mean, it's their courtroom.

They I mean, they literally have a gavel in order to restore order to the court.

So fuck what if this is what our legal system has come to a bunch of jobs.

That's how it started.

Should be.

That's what it's based on.

It started.

And, you know, but they're not going to shush me in the end.

I'm going to help you win.

You're going to have your pride yourself for spacked in a little bit of pocket change.

That will of course go towards you deductible on my face.

Of course.

Yeah, it's not not even 10% of the.

Can I ask you, Mr. Carpuzzi, were you always a small claims lawyer or did you have a career in which you were participating in larger cases, more important cases like what happened to you such that you now find yourself in this scenario.

This can't be what you wanted to be honest Jason to be honest Jason, a little offended at your question.

Interesting.

You're asking me.

You're insinuating that I was never a wee man, a little boy, which I wasn't.

He's I don't think he's insinuating that you were not an infant nor a young genome.

Do we do we do we know about a young genome?

I was never a genome because I am a I'm a cyborg, but outside of.

I'm sorry.

Let's blow.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, Scott Scott, he said let's blow past it.

Let's blow past.

I I'm afraid as host of the show, I definitely need a further clarification here.

I want to focus on the interesting stuff he's talking about his law career.

I don't want this.

Unind, well, I think the fact that he brought up that he's half man half machine, although I don't know whether those fractions are correct.

It may be one third and two thirds.

I don't know.

It makes me a percent machine.

What?

So one, one percent your penis blood.

So you're a small, you're a small claims human because you're under 10,000.

You're under 100%.

Look, I'm a small claims lawyer.

Gina Koppuci 2000 2000.

2000 is my full name because I'm a cyborg.

You see.

Made in the year 2000 or were there 1,999 previous models?

The latter.

Oh, your honor.

Your honor.

What if for two it is success to be successful on that number?

Yeah, like all the previous models didn't grow up dreaming of being small claims.

Like that's the fucking bottom of the barrel.

And what year were you built?

1996.

Okay, so it can get confusing when people think your birthday is 2000.

But then you have to say no, I'm actually four years older than that.

I have no problem clarifying.

Okay.

Can I ask, is this something that you are public about or are you revealing this here now?

Like when you're in court or when you're working with clients, do they understand they're talking to someone who is 99% robot or cyber.

Do these shushing judges?

Do they depends what I'm wearing?

Depends what you're wearing.

What do you normally wear?

Well, normally if I'm first meeting someone and I think they might be a little cyborg phobic.

What are the warning signs of that?

Oh, big old belly.

What?

Big old belly and high tops.

High-compared shoe.

So like a bully from the 50s.

Bus cut rolled up sleeves as a pack of cigarettes on a side.

3D glasses.

Oh, cool.

Oh boy, far out.

Anyways, if I get someone like that, I wear a full suit.

It covers my arms.

Why what are your arms like?

Are they obviously robotic?

They're metal.

Metal is fuck.

I got metal is fuck arms.

Metal is fuck legs.

Metal is fuck chest.

Ass dick.

What about your face?

Ass dick and toes.

Yeah.

80 teeth.

Yeah.

Anyway, everything's metal except for my face.

So you have skin grafts on your face or?

Yeah.

You know, as I said, only the blood is from humans.

The blood pumps the metal.

So where's the skin from?

The blood pumps the metal.

Oh, God.

The skin's from dead bodies.

Oh, okay.

Of pigs, you got to let me finish.

Oh, okay.

I did let you finish.

I didn't interrupt you.

I love you.

I hear from wolves.

So wow.

Wow.

It's the only way that you get it.

I mean, like wolf hair pig blood.

This is like no human blood.

I got a man.

I'm a man.

I'm a man that's obsessed with details.

Trust me to win in small claims.

It's the little things.

Wolf hair pigs skin human blood.

Yep.

Metal everything else.

Yeah.

Robot.

Robot body.

Can I ask you a question?

Go for it.

You fucking animal.

All right.

I will do.

I mean, I got a green light here.

What?

How big do I like?

I'm feeling the wolf coming out of here.

Wolf claims is about attitude swagger.

You go in there shaking like a leaf.

Not only is the other guy going to have his way with you, the fucking judge is going to shush you.

Oh, that's the worst thing that can happen to a lawyer.

Nobody wants to get just by the judge.

Hell no.

That's why I'm in the back making sure you don't.

So how how big do they build your your robot penis if they I mean, if that's metal, how like do they do they give you a good one?

Let me just say it's only my legal practice that small claims.

Wow.

Amazing.

And you're a 24 year old.

I was going to call you a man, but you're more machine than man.

Do you consider yourself to be more machine than man?

I'm actually more than 24.

You know that, right?

How do you mean?

In 1996, yes, but I have actually traveled back in time from the year 333.

Oh, wow.

So it's like Terminator style?

Yep.

So you were built in 96 and then you lived in.

Lived all the way in 333.

333.

Wow.

So you are actually and then and then how long ago did you get here?

I got I got here.

I got back here in 1996.

Oh, I had to live shit all over again.

Oh, no, what was the worst part of that?

Wait a second.

So in 1996, were there two of you?

Like are there two of you right now?

Yeah.

That you must you came back to a time when you are also still here.

Yeah.

The big thing is Christmas day.

You're you're 20 20.

I got a square off against myself in small claims court.

Oh, no.

So you were a lawyer even back then.

Yeah, we're leading up to the big showdown Christmas day Christmas day.

Christmas day.

Wow.

This day I got to be in court.

Well, you guys are up all around the fucking mistletoe.

Jack any.

I got to be sure twice.

So what's the case?

Your booty V car bootsy.

You know the case?

You know, we again, we're representing our clients.

So the case is a fucking discrepancy in a fucking plumbing bill.

Oh.

And so you.

I got to beat this guy because this guy when a guy when a guy is named his names, his names Eddie Schultz if he wins when he wins, he goes on to be a total tyrant.

He becomes king of America because that starts to happen.

Oh, wow.

And he launches a whole nuclear strike and then the cyborgs take over.

I'm sorry.

So you're here to prevent him from winning the case.

So you're going to go legal when you this is like a legal version of the Terminator French when you open up the little book here of the of the space time continuum and this you do you are holding a very small book.

Yeah, I got I got all the law the law the law in the world's in this little book.

Wow.

All the law from now until year three, three, three, three.

So do you remember 1500 years ago when you first tried this case or when you were first the lawyer?

Do you remember the things that you that you instructed your client to do and now are you able to provide counter arguments against that?

I said, don't back down.

I was from the I remember saying don't back down from the bench.

Don't let them show you.

And then I says just your standard advice.

Yeah, that's my boilerplate.

I plan on doing this.

I plan on doing the defendant as well.

Okay.

So this is going to begin into a yelling match.

All right.

Christmas day or else shout fest.

Is this on is this on pay per view?

I mean, this is a holiday event.

This is amazing.

Look, I would love to charge for it because I have no qualms about making some extra pennies in this life.

Have you while you're here now, have you been in touch with Gino Carpuzzi 2000 of the present timeline?

Here.

I can't.

If I do, if I get in touch, if we start yipping in the app and then got the know each other, space time implodes, even if you're both cyborgs.

I mean, I understand the human mind might not be able to understand that, but your process and you got, you got to remember Jason, you got to remember.

This is the things that you might forget.

If you're not a small claims lawyer, I got human blood.

It's not the mind.

It's the blood.

So for the past 24 years, you've had to avoid everywhere that you went for the past 24 years.

And I like doing the same things as myself.

Oh, no.

So do you do you remember all that using your cyborg brain?

You remember every single place you were ever at from the years of 1996 through 2020?

Have you had any close calls with yourself?

One time I was going in and out burger.

Sure.

And I know the things you like to do.

I swear, I thought it was 3.33 pm.

Turns out it was 3.36.

Oh, no.

And you like to eat at 3.33 because it's so close to the year you're from 3.33?

But you're in travel back.

Yeah.

Yeah, because I don't even want to tell you about the chat, the time shadow version of myself that's still continuing on in 3.33.

Oh, wow.

Oh, in the alternate universe.

It's the real universe.

You guys don't understand when you time travel, you create a split.

Sure.

I understand.

A rift, if you will.

A schism.

I don't, you know, when I want to get two in the weeds.

Two time streams.

No, we do understand, even though you said we wouldn't.

Two time streams.

It's not you going back.

It's a splitter yourself going back.

So that's actually three of me is now running around.

Which one do you like best?

You're talking to them.

Yeah.

One of the things that I find very interesting about this is that if you are Gino Carpuzzi 2000, indeed a successful lawyer, small claims, cyborg from the future traveling to this time in order to try a case in some very few months time.

Yes, you're getting it.

Who built you?

Who controls you?

And what is their agenda?

Like who is the cyberdine for you?

I call them my daddy and my mommy, but you, the to you, there's some version of parents.

So daddy and mommy is parents?

Okay, those are the same parents and let me finish parents, incorporated.

It's an underground robotics corporation.

Okay, you got to understand.

They got, they got a headquarters all around the world.

You're talking very quietly all of a sudden.

If I talk too loud, they'll hear me.

Hey, I'm the ears.

Daddy and mommy will hear you.

Mommy, yeah.

Daddy and mommy are going to hear you and they're going to take me back and put me in the underground robo world.

Okay, so why not sound robo world?

Do we have a girl about this?

I get as small as many small claims cases as I can.

So because once I get to 2000 cases, once I get to 2000 plus 1333 cases, I can be free.

Wow.

And do you even know what I'm talking about?

Because on December 25th, 2020, that's going to be my 30033rd case.

Whoa.

Not only do I got a win to prevent the tyrant from being a king America, I got a win to gain my freedom.

Amazing.

Well, look, we have to take a break, but I want to pull on these threads if you don't mind.

I mean, so many questions.

I mean, look, when you first came on, I got to admit you were kind of a, I mean, it's a whimsical thing that you're a small claims lawyer.

Pretty silly, right?

Pretty silly, but this new information has just opened up.

It's almost through just having this conversation.

We've discovered so many new and bizarre things about you almost to the point where it's hard to control where it's going to go.

These are all.

Listen, I'm so excited to have made a series of choices in order to have gotten here.

Little choices.

Yeah, little choices.

Yeah.

Wait, what do you know about little choices?

Wait, wait, you know about little choices?

Of course, we'll be right back.

We're going to a break.

Okay, we got to go to a break.

But when we come back, we got to follow up on this.

Okay.

You know about little choices.

I got questions for you.

Oh, look, we'll be right back with more Geno Carpuzzi 2000.

More Jason Menzuckus will be right back with more comedy.

Big, big after this comedy, bang, bang, bang.

We're back with Jason Manzuckus.

And we also have a very interesting person here with us or I say person because he's got pig flesh that I'm looking at and it leads me to believe he's a person, but I have to keep reminding myself that he's got her.

Remember, he's full of human blood.

He's full of human blood, but the other 99% is cyborg or I guess the other 99% is machine because that makes him a cyborg.

Please welcome back to the show, a Geno Carpuzzi 2000.

Hello, look, I got to ask you something.

Yeah.

Does the name Caitlyn so fresh mean anything to you?

It means a lot of things to us.

She has been a guest on this show.

You're kidding me.

No, probably two years ago now.

You had the emperor of the five galaxies.

Wait a minute.

Wait, she's the Empress of the five galaxies?

You're saying there are five galaxies that are all united under one government?

There are only five.

They're a whole lot closer than you think.

Oh, wait.

So these are the total galaxies in the universe.

We always thought that there were so many of them, but there's only five.

And there is still, at this point, in 333 under her rule, there is still need for small claims cyborg lawyers?

More than ever.

Wow.

It's a complicated world I can only imagine.

Basically, all legal disputes are settled for monetary value of $2,000 or less.

Well, I would imagine that in the future they figure out money so that no one has need or want for anything.

And so everything would be small claims, Corey.

You guys are in for it.

2021 is when they find out that the universe is actually pretty small in its only five galaxies.

You got to find out a little here.

Whoa.

Yeah.

How do we find out?

Do you mind if I ask?

You'll see.

Just remember, at night, look up at the stars.

It's really interesting.

We seem really fascinated and obsessed with Gina Kuprodsy 2000's present day life.

We barely asked him about the future that he comes.

Well, yeah.

Can I ask?

Can you narrow it down a little bit?

No, I don't have to look up at the stars every single night.

I mean, that's going to get a little tiring.

You'll know, you'll know, buddy trust.

No, I know, I'll know.

But I mean, if you could narrow it down to like a month, you know, where I'm supposed to be looking up at the stars.

All right.

From in between February and December.

I get January off.

All right, I'll take it.

I'll take it.

What I mean, what's pretty what's pretty staggering here is the reveal that in some, you know, whatever it is, 1300 years from now, Caitlin so fresh is not only still alive, but thriving.

Yeah.

How does she stay alive?

Now, look, you know, you guys probably know more than me because for me, it's all legend and hearsay, right?

It's like from the ancient toms and so we say, yeah, we've met her.

Okay.

Well, maybe you could clarify.

You can't meet her right now.

Like you live in her timeline.

Yeah.

You could have looked her up and watch her YouTube channel.

Anything.

Yeah.

You could be interacting with the person who is the emperor of your time.

Robots can't watch YouTube.

Oh, I forgot.

Yeah.

So apparently, you know, it's from what we know in Bible studies is that Caitlin so fresh goes down and makes all these little choices.

And then she she goes to the portal.

Now what the portal did to her that she maybe doesn't know until like she's like a thousand years old or something is that she's become a mortal.

She doesn't know until she's a thousand.

I think I would figure it out after 80 years, maybe.

All right.

Yeah.

So I was given a thousand as an example because for me, I'm going to I'm also a mortal.

So, you know, that sounds like a short amount of time to you.

Yeah.

I'm like, well, yeah, what's that?

Give it take a thousand.

So blink of an eye for me.

Sure.

Wow.

Amazing.

So mortal and battles the king of America.

How does Eddie Schultz get interested in politics?

He's a plumber by trade.

Well, when he wins the when he wins the case that my earliest self the prosecutor on a more, you know, what, you know, the word.

Shh.

Right.

Besides him.

Sure.

Okay.

He takes that money and invests in a third political party called the kingdom of America Party.

Here's my question.

So did you travel back in time now to make sure that your past self wins again or do you need that?

He's trying to lose.

He's trying to get him to lose.

I have to defeat him in a high stakes Christmas day of small claims court.

Okay.

That's what I'm making sure to change the events in history.

Now don't you think that that that Caitlin so fresh might consider that a threat to her future empire and will in this timeline try and take you out?

Well, well, I don't know the Caitlin so fresh nose about her empire yet, right?

She's still, I mean, like who's to say she's not being faced with a choice right now to know or not know her current.

I mean, look, are there the 12 assassins that are on my tail?

Yes.

Who are these 12?

Are they time traveling assassins?

I have time traveling assassins that are.

Oh, 12 of them.

I've endangered you both just by talking on your podcast.

Oh my God.

And why 12?

That's the number of the of Jesus's disciples.

It's not them, is it?

Yeah.

They were time travelers.

Holy shit.

Peter the rest.

Mark Paul.

Yeah, Judas.

Jacob John Jingleheim is Schmidt the whole fucking gang.

Who's the best?

Who's the best at assassining?

Gary.

Yes.

Queen.

So we have to go back and show.

By the way, how fun was it?

How fun was it that you got to travel back in time to when Yasqueen was still being said?

Yeah.

Did you miss it in the future?

You don't have to understand.

You have to understand.

I was 1996.

So I had all these years of waiting like, oh, I'm saying it and people like, what the fuck you talking about?

Do you know?

And then finally it comes back broad city.

I'm like, yes, queen.

And for a good couple of years, it was a fun time.

But now it's on the way out.

Yeah.

What are you going to do?

I'm sure we'll figure out something.

Now that is people calling people king and all that.

That's pretty fun.

What are people saying in the future?

Like what's slang in the future like?

It's a hey-ho motherfucker.

It's like.

Hey, oh motherfucker.

Yeah.

People, you know, there's a thing called a quench.

No, what's a what's a I don't think we've gotten there yet.

A QWA UNCHE.

A quench.

We don't know what it is yet.

It's kind of like a, you know, like a fucking little like a, like a prick, like some kind of little mooch, like a fucking like a little rat fuck running around in the streets like hey, I got donations for the Salvation Army.

They're just to me, you know, like that.

So the Salvation Army still exists in 33 33?

It is the rival political party.

The what?

And for over the five galaxy.

Oh, so it's.

So that's interesting that there are political parties, even though there's an emperor.

I mean, like you're like usually.

Yeah, usually they just take over and there's no democratic process of a vote or.

Yeah, it's crazy out there.

Hey, look, I will say everything you've said makes sense and adds up.

It is a completely, it's a rock solid mythology.

Yeah, you're doing a math and you're coming up, you're coming up away over here.

Anyway, under what under what name do you practice right now?

Because obviously you can't practice under a genome carpuzzi because that was your former name and their campaign.

You can't be two lawyers.

It's the IMDB rule.

You can't be two lawyers with the same.

And he can't know about me.

If he figures out and then you do the math and then I want to see me in that.

Of apray space time.

What was that?

It's got to be very difficult for you to be have an active law practice at a in a timeline where you already have an active law.

So I pick, I mean, my alias right now as having gone back in time is is Gina Karpuzzi 2001.

Okay, I see.

So that so that is not tipped off your former self, your past life.

I don't see how it could.

That's basically.

Have you ever almost run into yourself in court or anything like that?

I guess you remember where you are.

So you can do that.

I've had to represent a lot of cases I wouldn't normally represent.

Oh, he's calling first dibs on all the ones that I would want, you know.

Are you at all cure? Are you at all tempted to tamper with the events of your past self's life to make them better?

Like is there any way in which you're like, I could make like were you as in the actual when your first time in 2020?

Like were you like, Oh, I see everything that's happening?

Have you this year been at all tempted to be like, Hey, everybody wear a mask or Hey, everybody shut it down or just stuff in your personal life.

Like have you, have you tried to back to the future to stuff where you're like hiding behind a window and tapping on the glass and I try to get a lost love or something?

Yeah.

No, well, here's the thing.

Here's the thing.

I have to ensure that everything goes just as it was.

I have to play possum until December 25th.

You understand that's when I can really drop the hammer.

That's the thing about law, Jason Scott.

Okay.

Yeah.

Is that it's all about time.

You got to build your case.

You know what I'm saying?

I've been for 24 years.

Yeah.

Do you think I haven't wanted to?

I haven't wanted to build them up.

I wanted to thwart them in some way.

I tell you one thing I did and I shouldn't have done it.

I'm going to tell you right now, but I can get legally into trouble.

All right.

Tell us, please.

I as well as my old self happened to like premium Brooks Brothers loafers.

I don't know if you noticed, but Brooks Brothers does top shelf loafers.

I've never been in the market for loafers, so I wouldn't know that.

Yeah, it trusts me.

It reads they're in the back though.

I'm talking more to Jason because he looks like it.

He knows what a loafer is.

Oh, yeah.

I know what a loafer is.

I just I don't have time to loaf around.

Yeah, but you never want one because you don't have class.

It's not a class thing.

I just I'm a busy guy.

I usually wear a more active shoe.

Yeah, like a nice high top converse.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

Don't pay me with that brush.

This guy real sneaker guy.

He's a real quench if you ask me.

Hey, come on.

I know what that means.

Quench.

All right, Jason.

So Brooks Brothers high high quality top shelf loafer.

Yeah.

Now, I went in this just this last summer.

I went into all the Brooks brothers in Los Angeles and I bought all the nice loafers up.

I tell you, I spent a lot of money.

So he goes in there.

He's going to be on court in court 25th looking like a total schlub wearing last year's models.

Oh, man.

Amazing.

So psychologically, you already have one up on him.

I mean, his mind.

You're living rent free in his head.

Yeah.

What's going to happen when you when okay, what's going to happen in court when he stands up and starts shouting at his client, what he wants his client to do and you stand up on the other side and start shouting at your client, both of you in general admission, as you've said, having purchased the lowest price tickets to sit to sit in the court.

Just is he going to really freak out or do you think he has any idea you're here?

It's why the case is being tried on a 25th.

I don't know if you're aware it is, but every year on the 25th in court houses across America of vortexes established.

Oh, I did not know how we would know this.

A time vortex.

A time vortex is established with the five galaxies align every year on the Lord's on Jesus's day.

Oh, and those 12 assassins, his buddies.

Yeah.

This is a Christian allegory that this is like to figure out.

It lines up.

It lines up perfect.

Yep.

And so that on that day in court houses, we can see each other talk to each other without time space imploring.

So, you know, basically what's going to happen is going to be my big reveal.

He's going to be like, what the fuck?

And I'm going to be like, yeah, wise guy, it's you.

And then, and then I'm going to what was this in court?

But when when when this happened the first time you lived in this is what I want to ask you is do you do you remember all of this happening?

Do you remember arguing this case the first time against a guy named Gino Carpuzzi 2001 and I defended the plumber.

So this is a case.

This is just going to happen again.

You're you're caught in a time loop.

I think you're in a loop, buddy.

What are you talking about?

There's no such thing as loops.

Do you remember the last time you did this 1500 years ago and you went up against Gino Carpuzzi 2001?

Do you remember him getting in your head and and buying up all the loafers and you being a member?

No more.

You think buying up a bunch of fucking loafers is going to throw me?

Well, it did.

I mean, it didn't the last time.

Exactly.

You're proving our point here.

I think I think I think maybe the young Gino has an edge on you.

I think having lived so long you may be slowing down.

You might be an older model.

Oh, we would have sealed the same model.

I mean, yeah, sure, we got a little bit of rust in the cogs and maybe our human blood is a little congealed and our pigskins will be rotten.

How long has that been rotting, by the way, because I'm getting a close look at.

It's flaking off of you.

Yeah, yeah.

You know, I'm not I'm not a stranger to make up.

I'm not that's not that's not weird to me.

I would think of the future wouldn't be weird to anyone.

Yeah, it's not weird.

It's not weird.

All right.

So I'm just worried here that this is all futile.

How many times have you done this?

Do you remember how many times have I done this?

Yeah, I mean, how many times have you gone back in time and lost the case and okay, hold on, let me do the deal.

Let me do the math on this.

Three thousand three hundred thirty three.

You've lost this case three thousand three hundred and thirty three times and you've gone back in time trying to rectify that three three three three.

Wait a minute.

Three plus three is six plus three is nine plus three is twelve.

It's twelve.

It's twelve assassins.

Don't say.

Oh shit.

Divided by five galaxies.

Twelve divided by five.

Two point emperor.

Two point two five.

Two point two five is something.

Two point two five.

Five minus two minus two.

That's only one Washington Lane.

The next clue is at the White House.

Oh no.

Oh my God.

We got to get to the White House.

Oh, this is I cannot believe how many threads of what I call a middle verse are being pulled together right now.

The MCU, the middle ditch cinematic universe.

Sure.

The ditch of earth.

Oh my goodness.

This is incredible.

Well, like I really feel like the red string connecting all of these pieces is all starting to come together into one straight line.

Yeah.

Of course.

If it doesn't make sense to you now or any of the listeners of this thing, they're fucking stupid.

Well, we say that every show.

Do the math, you dopes.

Wow.

Well, this is this is incredible Christmas day.

I want to hear how this goes.

I mean, is there will it be live stream anywhere?

Maybe live stream on twitch twitch.tv front slash middle.

All right.

Why not middle twitch?

That's been pointed out to be so many times to you.

Yeah.

And I'm represented a guy in small claims.

Oh, who's he suing?

He's being sued by people who thought of middle twitch.

Oh, man.

He says he says his whole case is don't worry.

I'm doing the hashtag.

So you get both, but you know, it's a whole thing.

All right.

Well, look, we are running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, nothing plug the bag.

He got show one queen.

He got the tells podcast.

They got a dance league man.

Y'all say I know.

Plus, but no me.

And more likely you're watching if your content is free.

Open the plug bag right now.

Oh, thank you.

That was clubbed together by oh boy, but sniff Magoo or some shit.

He gets it.

Oh boy.

All right.

What are we plugging?

That could very well be a character on the very well could be.

Jason, what do you want to plug?

What's going on in your life?

Oh, you know, nothing too much.

You can of course listen to the How did this get made podcast also here on the ear wolf networks.

We've been doing live streams.

You can check that out.

And then if you want to see more of me, oh, the next season of Big Mouth will be coming out soon.

And the long dumb road is on Netflix.

Check that out.

And Gino Carpuzzi, what do you want to plug?

December 25th.

Oh, of course.

The core battle Christmas day.

And I think we've talked about all the other things that I find interesting about middle ditch head.

So you know, be positive.

Oh, yes.

You represent him.

Yeah.

Of course, he's my top client.

Yeah.

Guy pays out the S.

Oh, yeah.

12.5 every case.

Yeah, so CBS be positive and middle ditch shorts on Netflix.

And you know, if you want to have a fun time on the Twitch, twitch.tv, front slash middle ditch.

All right.

And I want to plug every episode apparently every episode of the comedy bang bang television show is on AMC plus, which is a new hot streaming channel, which I guess has, I don't know, Breaking Bad or the Walking Dead or something.

I'm not really sure.

Anyway, $9 a month from what I've heard.

If it's worth it to you, watch comedy bang bang and maybe one of these days the back end will kick in.

It certainly has.

Here's what I bet.

My, my guess is that there's probably some sort of free week you can sign up for it.

Yeah.

Sign up for the free.

And watch all of comedy bang bang all 110 in seven days.

Boom.

That's a challenge.

All a hashtag all 110 in seven days.

Not that hard.

You would have to watch like 15 a day or something and there are only 20 minutes apiece.

I mean, that's not that hard.

Totally do it five hours a day.

Come on.

Oh, I mean, for the Hang Nong Man episode alone, it's incredible.

Of course.

You know what I just, you know, it is right here.

What's that?

And this is true for my practice too.

In small claims, if you win, the court can order the losing side to pay your court fees and costs.

So that's why.

You just read that.

You've been alive for hundreds of thousands of years.

You have not known that you've tried so many cases.

Oh, I haven't, I haven't won any is the thing.

You haven't won any except for that one on Christmas day.

You have.

So basically you just, you just get the other side to cover that 120, 25.

Why did they send you backwards into time if you were such a bad lawyer?

Hey, I don't make the small claims.

I just yell at them.

Yeah.

I just yelled during a proceedings.

All right.

Well, let's tell you what, let's close up the old plug bag.

You're trying to have to listen to another one right now.

You start with a she when you want to close.

I almost successfully killed my friend.

And then you, oh, holy shit.

Oh, God.

No, don't open it up.

Close it forever.

Don't.

Then Horatio cost it and he just says.

Oh.

What?

Why is this?

What?

This is awful.

Shame on everyone involved.

Make it stop.

Can you make it stop?

Just push a button.

I'm looking right at you.

Push the button.

Brett, push the button.

He don't snap his pedals.

Push the button.

He don't snap his pedals.

Push the button.

I'm going to get it.

Let it go.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much, Jason.

So great to see you.

And I'm just noticing your forearm band, which I guess is keeping sweat off your forearm.

So I hope you've been staying dry.

Yeah, I got to keep my, I got to keep my, my, my forearms get so sweaty when I podcast.

Just one apparently.

Just one.

So Karputzi 2000, such a pleasure.

I mean, you, you've pulled together so many hanging threads on previous episodes here.

It all makes sense now.

Yeah.

Thank you.

No problem.

I'm, I'm happy to be here.

And Jesus, I hope, I hope the 25th goes well.

Otherwise, if you thought 2020 was a dozy, I don't do it all.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
