---
layout: page
title: 681. Aunty Donna (Broden Kelly, Zachary Ruan, Mark Bonanno) [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-681-20201020-AuntyDonna-ACv04-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Daddy is about to cook some bacon and try not to start a grease fire with his tears. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mm-hmm. Mm-hmm. Thank you too. And I got a large this just to make sure that I get it correct.

Thank you to IBS Jell-O-Cats. IBS Jell-O-Cats for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Mid-Navi Doggy.

And I believe this is hump week of Navi Doggy. And 2020 is almost in the books.

And won't that be great when it is in the rear view? But not until we listen to this show and by we, I mean you, because I'm listening to it as it happens.

Coming up a little later on the show, by the way, my name is Scott Ocribin and I'm coming up right now and in fact in the past.

I am the host of the show and we have a great show. We have an educator coming up.

We have someone in food service. Oh, we have a plumber, someone in custodial services.

And we also have three entertainers who are going to be on the show with us as well.

So jam packed show, six guests and myself, boy, this is a lot to get through.

So please stick with it all the way to the end and show your work.

Please send me any pictures of you with your podcast app at the very end of the program just so I can check your work and make sure that you listen to the very end.

Well, speaking of the very end, this is the opposite of it.

This is the very beginning of the show and we should get to our first guests.

They are the aforementioned entertainers. They have a television program which is out on Wednesday on Netflix worldwide.

Everywhere across the world, it's probably in various different languages.

I would imagine 60 different languages.

So even if you can't understand what I'm saying right now, I hope you can understand that it's in a language that you will understand.

The show is called Auntie Donna's Bigel House of Fun. It's a sketch show. Please welcome the Auntie Donna boys, Broden Kelly, Zach Ruane and Mark Bonano. Hello guys.

Hello.

How you doing, Scott?

Bloody good to be here.

So good to be here.

I love it.

It's good to be here, Scott.

It's hard to sing along and get a rhythm going on Zoom.

Wait, is that singing? Is that what you consider singing really? Because it seemed very monotone.

Well, when you watch the show, you'll see that that is most of our singing.

We do sing musical comedy and we tried singing. I think we gave it a crack around the mid career and it was just like, let's just stick to this sort of talking.

So you like to stick to the note that's just, instead of Doremi Fasolatido, you like to stick to Doh?

Yeah, yeah, or like a Doh.

Not even a folder.

I will say this about monotone singing is, and you know, do you know who people thought were too monotone and, you know, weren't great singers?

Who's that?

Beetle.

Beetle, they thought they were no good and then they came back from germ and people lost their mind.

So, so beetle, people didn't like beetle.

No.

Joe, Puh and Ring and Juh, they were all, everyone would like the beetle.

They would play, they would play in a little bar in German and they would go germ and live up.

And live up.

They play in that bar first.

They did play in that one.

They came from there, I believe.

They came from live up.

Yeah.

They went to germ.

In the cave.

Yes.

In the cave.

In germ.

No, the cave is in living.

The cave is in live.

The cave is in living.

Oh, okay.

But in germ they played...

Germ was where they got, is where they got real goo.

Real goo, yeah.

The germs are just like...

No, thank you.

This is bad monotone.

They're singing the...

Right.

And nothing else.

Well, it could have been the language difference.

Absolutely.

I think that was the problem.

Do you know who was the original drummer of Beetle?

Of Beetle.

Yeah.

I've already forgotten that.

I know I knew it once.

Peter Dinklage.

What?

Really?

Yeah.

Peter Dinklage.

What was the matter?

He had Game of Thrones on.

Oh, I see.

So he got the Game of Thrones part and he left Beetle?

Well, they saw him in station agent and they thought this guy is superb.

Of course he doesn't.

He doesn't draw him in station agent, but they were just like, this guy's got it.

This performance is so wonderful.

It's so powerful.

And then they just had a sit down about seven years in.

He said, I got this big offer from the Dragon Show.

And they were like, well, that's your choice, man.

That was the working title.

That was the working title at the time was the Dragon Show.

The Dragon Show, yeah.

Starring the Dragons.

Yes.

Starring all the Dragons.

But then they realized there were more dragons in the world that weren't in the show.

And they're like, oh man, we can't call it that anymore.

The Dragon Heart sued.

So that was fun.

Oh, right.

Guys, you are welcome to the show.

This is the first time you've ever been on comedy, bang, bang.

But not the first time we are meeting.

Is that correct?

Yes.

You seem very unsure about it.

I'm in your show.

I produced your show.

You remember meeting.

Oh, that was you.

I played the police officer.

Oh, man.

I thought that was someone else.

Wing Gretzky?

Yeah, I thought it was Wayne Gretzky.

I thought it was one of the million other ugly people that people send me on Twitter saying this is you, right?

Scott, you are so handsome.

Get out of here.

Oh, thank you.

You know, you look like Twitter is the worst Twitter.

Like, hey, you know, you look like this terribly ugly person.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

Really appreciate that.

I get, I get rescued in a lot.

Yeah.

That's the, that's the one I'm going to do.

Historical figures.

You have a historical beard.

Thank you so much.

But at what point Mark did your beard grow out to historical length sometime in the past, right?

Sometimes, sometimes in history, I hit about 20, about 23, 23.

And then it got, it got.

That should be a show.

You know how, now I don't know, you guys are from Melbourne, Australia, but I don't know whether you have shows like Grace Under Fire out there, but that should be a show 23 and me and it should be like a robot named number 23 and then it's and me, which is like a little kid and you know.

That's good.

Yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm pitching this to us.

I'm saying you guys are big TV stars now.

Maybe you can get shit done now.

That's exactly it.

That's, that's a good idea.

We're going to take that to Netflix.

So we're going to take that to HBO Max.

We're going to take that to Apple and we're going to see what happens.

We're really excited about this.

Maybe the three of them would simulcast it.

Sort of like, did you guys watch Live Aid when all the networks simulcast Live Aid, MTV and ABC.

They all come together.

They always share hosts.

So the idea that you've got Millie Bobby Brown and like Jason Mabala.

I'll introducing 23 and me.

This is so funny.

All the Avengers.

But guys, let's talk about this show.

This show, Auntie Don is a big old house of fun.

First of all, no one knows who you are from this show.

You've never been on this show.

You've never been on any show.

And you've been trying to avoid it.

Yeah.

Anytime a camera was brought out, you kind of scampered away.

You shied away.

You were like, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, and you kind of just ran off.

And it was trouble corralling you in order to get you on camera, but we were able to do it.

We had to house train.

They had to house train us like animals.

So like we started a week before the shoot.

They bring us into a nice room and give us a little bowl of food.

And they'd just bring in the camera a little bit.

And they'd say, you know, you can pat us.

You can, you know, and then they'd bring it away pretty quickly.

And then by the end of the week, we were at a place where we weren't jumping up on people when they came in.

You guys got really used to it though.

I have to say by the end of the shoot, you guys were like shitting in front of the cameras and we were like, you need to do this off camera.

Yeah.

Well, that was some of the best stuff we got.

Well, we included it.

I mean, we needed the runtime of the episodes to be long enough though.

Oh, God.

Episode six is rough, man.

This is a lot of shitting.

Look, we only had money enough for five episodes.

So six is just a whole on shit cam.

But we got some big, big shit cameos, you know, we got some really big names coming on shit in episode six.

Paul F. Tompkins takes a dump that'll make you laugh from the belly and the mind.

Sure.

He gets in by himself.

The log that drops out.

Yeah.

Paul F, you're like, you're there and he's doing, he's defecating and you're like, this is great.

I can't believe that's Mr. Peanut butter.

Like, what's happening?

You're like, you forget.

And while he's doing it, you're laughing, but then you go home and go, I learned something too.

Oh, absolutely.

Yeah.

You're like, you're like, you're like, you start looking at all the plastic that you're using.

And go, I'm going to cut back.

Sure.

I got, I got, I got really got to cut back because there's so much of it in his feces.

You're like, I'm eating too much plastic.

Yeah, he's a lot of plastic.

Really?

He's a weird guy.

The way he interacts with craft services, compared to everyone else.

Sure.

Everyone else is lining up getting chicken, getting spinach, getting salads, Caesar's salad.

He's just like, Hey, do you mind if I take your cup and eat this?

He's a weirdo.

You know, you're all right.

All right, bro.

But you guys are a sketch and musical group from Australia.

Tell it, give us a little biography of yourself.

If there were a biopic, depending on how you mispronounce it, how, what would be included?

What would the first act be?

What would the second act be?

What would the third act be?

We all met at acting school.

We all wanted to be serious actors.

But, so we've all played some of the great roles in Shakespeare's work in all of his work.

Get him down.

What do we got?

We got Romeo.

We got Othello.

Yes.

We have Hamlet.

Ben Colle-Dane.

Yeah.

You name it.

We've pros-ed it.

We've hit that Iambic pentameter.

But then very quickly found out that that wasn't actually a career that we could pursue.

And we said, well, let's be funny.

In Melbourne, there's a big international comedy festival.

Isn't it weird though that they lure you into these acting schools and go, Come, learn Shakespeare, learn Shakespeare.

And then when you get there, you're like, Well, how do I make money at it?

And they go, Oh, you're not going to make any money doing Shakespeare.

Like you're fucked.

Yeah.

Like you'll feel completely.

Is they all bait in the switch or the bardin switch?

Very much so, the bardin switch.

Yeah.

So now we're sitting here with a lovely, uh, uh, Colle-ed guest.

You've jumped over a lot.

Yeah, you guys.

You guys skip that too.

You met in acting school and then now you're sitting here?

That is pretty much it.

I think we might have taken a show in the middle there.

In the middle.

This was recent.

I was pretty distracted by the fact that a man was eating cups in the corner of the room.

Yeah, it's true.

But you guys, you guys started, uh, you started doing shows in, in Melbourne and, uh, you also started, uh, putting videos up on YouTube.

Is that, uh, about, uh, the sum of it?

Yeah.

Uh, yes.

Yeah.

We, yeah, we were doing live shows, uh, first and then, and then we, uh, for community television in Australia, um, we made some, uh, some short videos.

They weren't very good.

We put them on YouTube.

Uh, that didn't improve them.

But, uh, people, people watched them and, uh, and then we went, hey, maybe there's something in this and then we're sitting here and then we're sitting here.

Oh, no, don't get to the, you're sitting here.

You're getting this too early.

I need to know more.

Come on, bro.

Hey, it's a good chair.

I got this chair last week.

I know.

I know you love your, your house.

You love your furniture.

By the way, if I ever say a word that is not a word in Australia that you're confused about like house or furniture, I have no idea what you guys call it there.

Call me out on it and say, I don't know what that is.

And I'll explain what it was confused.

What is a house?

Oh, oh boy.

Okay.

What, what is, I was confused about word.

Word.

Geez.

Okay.

This is where you got to go backwards.

We're first of all, house.

That was.

Oh my God.

You know, that feeling when you put on your clothes and they're the wrong way round.

Oh, get a Wembley damn jam.

Oh, yeah.

You say it there?

Yeah, the Wembley Bambagym.

The Berkeley Bambagym.

Okay.

Good.

I'm learning stuff here.

So you guys were very popular.

Oh, look, I'm just taking that for granted because I've, I went to Australia once and I never heard anyone talking about you.

But anytime.

What was that?

Well, I mean, I wouldn't have conversations where you would come up.

You know what I mean?

It was usually about like, hey, what's a good place to go to dinner?

And people are like, well, have you ever seen that Auntie Donna show?

You know, no one ever interjected that way.

We have it in Sydney.

We have a three course dig a station, find dining restaurant.

You guys run this?

Yeah.

It's sort of low key.

There's no white linen or anything, but the food is of that caliber.

It's very nice.

It's great for a photo show.

It's casual, formal.

Yes.

It's kind of the David Chang vibe.

Yeah.

I love that.

It's really lovely.

Okay.

I got to go check that out.

But in any case, you're a very popular sketch group in Australia.

You suddenly are called up to the big leagues, the show.

This is Netflix.

This is worldwide.

Yeah.

We kind of just rang up and they said, yeah, okay.

Was pretty, pretty straightforward.

If I'm being honest.

It was the easiest pitch in our lives.

Yeah.

A lot of people don't realize, and that's exactly how I did the between two Ferns movie, the Michael Bolton thing.

You just call them up and go, hey, do I want to do this?

And go, yeah, right.

There's a phone number.

Anyone can do it.

It's not just us.

Yeah.

There's a phone.

It's a pitching phone number.

Very different to our experience in Australia trying to get a show, which was people would just say, fuck you.

We would ring up and we would say, we've got this idea of a show and they would say, fuck you.

Netflix will like, yeah, right.

Yeah.

It's very different.

It's almost the exact opposite other than I guess the exact opposite of fuck you would be Abstinence me.

I don't know.

Yeah.

And that's what they said to me when I rang them.

Abstinence me.

Yeah.

And that made me feel welcome.

I would say if you want the phone number for Netflix, if you've got a show, you've got an idea like 23 and me, you just reach out to Mark and Zach on their private social media accounts and they will give you a number.

Yeah.

We'll give you that number.

And the best thing about Netflix is they'll remind you, if you forget to call them, they'll call them, they're like, how are you going to give us a show?

Is that going to happen?

Well, only not.

What's weird is, what's weird is like in the credits, they always list the number and it's flashing, but most people just skip forward to the next episode over the credits.

They don't know.

Like anyone can have a show.

Yeah.

Anyone, literally they're like, we will give you at least a few millions to make a show.

Here's the number, but they're skipping.

They're everyone skipping.

And by the way, that's not a million dollars for the budget to make the show.

That's like, for you guys.

Like that goes directly into your pockets, these millions.

Yeah, that's right.

The budget is like other millions.

It's billions.

Yeah.

Every show is billions of dollars.

A million dollars.

Our show's budget.

They told us not to talk about budget.

They said to keep it on the lowdown, but our show's budget was $4 billion.

Most of which we saw directly.

Right.

That's in our pockets.

That's shit's learning our pockets.

Yeah.

Hell yeah.

So you guys have a sketch show.

It's six episodes.

But it's hard to describe a sketch show, isn't it?

But why don't you guys try?

We're very absurd.

We're very heightened.

We take very realistic observations, but just take them to real extremes.

We're the sign filled in the sketch.

A little bit of a narrative.

Yeah, a little bit of narrative.

Sign the plot.

But not a lot.

You're mentioning Seinfeld a lot.

Yeah.

We wanted to be a big American TV show.

When you watch the show, when you watch the show, you'll be like, this is just a sign filled.

But it's our version of Seinfeld.

But is Seinfeld in it?

That's where I'm getting confused.

Yes.

He is?

Yes, he is.

Wait, wait, Jerry Seinfeld.

Yeah, yeah, Jerry Seinfeld's in it.

Yeah.

How many Seinfeld's are in this show?

Seven.

Oh my gosh.

Okay.

Well, I got to check the show.

Wait, 11.

There was 11.

We had to cut down.

We had to cut down four for, because we wanted to get the MA rating and it was up in the a's.

Oh, God.

Okay.

Well, how did you break the news to those four Seinfeld's?

We just, we just showed him an email.

You showed him an, wait, so you wrote an email to who?

Yeah.

We have producers that take, we have producers that take care of that.

What we try to do is, you know, we're always the smiley face.

Oh, I see.

So the producers wrote an email saying you're fired and then you printed it out, took it over to their houses.

Yeah, knocked on the door, sat down and had a cup of tea.

You could do it.

You could go to people's houses, have a cup of tea then.

It was a different time.

Oh, of course.

Now you can just go to people's houses.

That's right.

You just go to people's houses, but back then you could just, like, you could go to people's houses.

Right.

Yeah.

The tea, so much tea back then.

But now not so much tea.

Yeah.

So, it's a sketch show.

People are in it.

I don't, you know, I don't know what else you can really love this.

I didn't realize we were on a podcast with Wolf Blitzer.

All right.

You're just attacking us from every angle, trying to get some sort of scoop.

And we're not going to give it to you.

You're not going to give it to you.

So, wait, you guys don't want people to be interested in your show.

Oh, no, we very much do.

Yes.

We very much would like that.

Figure out what it is for yourself.

We can't give you what the answer is.

I hate spoilers.

This is the thing.

Don't tell them anything.

That way they check it out and they're like blown away by whatever it happens to be.

Exactly.

And what it is is fine.

And I think you'll, you know, if you like this shit, you'll probably enjoy that shit, too.

So, can I say though, that Mark isn't saying fine in that contemporary sense.

He's not saying it's fine.

It's okay.

Like for one.

He's saying, yeah, he's saying like fine.

It's not, it's not fine.

He's saying it in the, in the old school sense.

It's a fine show.

Well, guys, it's, it's an amazing show.

I don't know that I need to tell people that I was one of the producers on it.

And we had a great time and I'm actually in it.

I don't know whether that's a selling point for anyone who listens to this show.

But it's a really good show.

Six episodes and absurdist comedy at its finest and a lot of great guest stars in it.

People from this show, Paul F. Tompkins and Tawny Newsom and Weird Al Yankovic and so many great people.

Anyone else you want to, of course, Ed Helms is also one of the producers and he has a big part in it.

Yeah, I just want to say like we, we, we, we were super passionate and really like we went gung home making the show and we're really, really happy to get the chance to make it.

And we shot it away from all of our family and friends like in America.

And we were trying to find people to be in the show and it was harder points.

And we were like, thank you so much for you.

You were going door to door at one point.

Weren't you like, you want to be in a show and that's most of the cast in this show, people who opened the door to, you know, solicitations at the door.

So, you know, that's, that, that might be a selling point for people, but also thank you to you for being so generous and opening the door to all these great comedians.

And yourself, you were so fantastic.

Are you accepting an award right now?

What is going on?

It's, it's like you're on stage holding something aloft.

What is always is being earnest.

Let the man be earnest.

I don't know.

In America, in America, earnest means someone who went to jail or goes to camp.

Do you know what I mean?

It's a totally different thing.

It's a, but I just really want to add, I think you said that really well, but I think, I think it's going to be really exciting for Australian comedy group Aunty Donna to invite you into their big old house of fun.

You should stand in the press for a while.

Are you sitting there?

What is?

You keep glancing down.

Brodell and Zach take viewers along for an absurdist adventure through their everyday life.

I think it's really like a big club article.

I might be, I might be reading Netflix press release.

Yeah.

All right.

Okay.

I just thought that might help.

To be honest, it was a little more informational than this whole interview has been.

So I kind of appreciate it.

Yes.

And it was good.

Oh, you're learning my boy.

Correct.

Well, Auntie Donna's big old house of fun.

You can access it.

You can stream it on your Netflix devices.

And all six episodes are there for your consumption.

And some would say, you want to parcel these out and make them last over the year, you know, watch one every two months.

And I would say, no, no, no, watch them all right now.

Otherwise these boys may not be able to make anymore.

We need to all watch them right away.

Watch them immediately.

Watch them over and over and over again.

You will not be disappointed.

It's a very funny show.

I was very pleased to work on it.

We need to take a break if that's okay.

And we come back, we're going to have now, this is interesting guys.

We have an educator.

Have any of you been educated at any point in your lives?

No, no, never.

Yeah, I can tell that single point.

We also have someone in food service.

Have you ever eaten food?

It was just one.

No, yeah.

Was this one time, Zach, where I thought I saw you eat something?

I was mentioned on some chips, admittedly.

Was that you?

That was you.

Yes, I thought that was you.

And only one time you didn't care for it, didn't stick.

It wasn't for me.

It gave me this surge of something I was able to go about my day.

I didn't care for it.

Energy energy, that's right.

Not for me.

Well, we also have someone in custodial services.

I know that you guys have done that before, if you know what I mean.

What the person's got to clean up.

So stop high-fiving each other.

God, I was strange.

We do need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from Auntie Donna, more from Broden's, Zach and Mark.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Welcome back to comedy bang bang.

We've had the Auntie Donna boys here today.

Their show Auntie Donna's Big Ole House of Fun is out this Wednesday on Netflix, everywhere.

And Broden had to take off, but we're in good hands with Mark and Zach who are still here, but it is time to get to our next guest.

He is an educator.

Please welcome Mr. Monroe.

Scott, thanks for having me on.

And it's an exciting time to be here.

Where are you from?

You sound like you're from the same place that these Auntie Donna boys are from.

It's funny you mentioned that because I actually am from regional Victoria and I'm a sports teacher based out of Wannibal Australia.

Wow.

It's funny you mention hands.

It's funny you mention hands in the way we use hands because a lot of people out there, they're probably sitting at work or day on their bum and then just going about work, they don't know they can get off their bum and do some exercise.

Use those hands maybe playing basketball or going down to a court, playing bit of tennis.

And that way you can get fitness into your life.

Yeah, I didn't actually...

You're right.

I didn't know that.

I didn't know that I could do that.

But you're right.

When I think about it now, it's like, yeah, I could just use these hands.

First of all, I could use them to push myself up from off of the couch or at least grab someone's hands.

A loved one maybe would help me if I grabbed their hands and they pulled me off of the couch.

But using those hands, I could get out of the couch and then use those hands to go to sports.

Mate, you're bang on there and I think you touched on something that's quite exciting which is that idea of sitting on your couch or chair and you're eating potato crisps and maybe some chocolate.

That's actually not a healthy lifestyle.

Crips and crunch.

Crips are chips.

I should just say that.

Absolutely.

Crips are chips and that's important to know as well.

And if you're munching down on those every day, crunching is eating.

Drinking drinks.

Yeah.

And sugary drinks, you know, like your fantasy Coca-Cola is.

We don't really have a lot of fantables.

But yeah, Coca-Cola.

Yeah, go ahead.

Go ahead.

I don't mean to keep interrupting you.

I just want to make sure that the majority of our listeners who live in this great country, the United States or Canada, another great-ish country, they understand.

You get- Yeah, no, absolutely.

And I'd love to get over there and talk to you guys about fitness because I've dedicated my life to fitness and to say to kids, do you know what?

Those video games, they're lots of fun, but you're actually not engaging your body.

You're not actually learning about your body.

They are really fun, though.

They're sexy people.

I have to admit, when you say they're really fun, they are really, really fun.

Do you like video games?

I personally, I don't play them myself.

I like to more put on a pair of shorts, get outside and see what these leagues can do.

I love running.

I love kicking a soccer ball.

These are the things that I like to do as opposed to sit in the dark, blinds down, fiddling away on a computer game.

I prefer to play the real video game, which is football or soccer outside with friends.

That's like life's video game or nature's video game.

You know what I mean?

God created a football so that we didn't sit around our house playing video football or NFL draft or whatever it is.

Madden NFL draft?

Is that a video game?

John Madden drafts the NFL people.

I believe so.

I think it's the highest grossing video game of all time.

But let me put it to you.

What if outside's video game, turn that around, flip it around, flip it and reverse it.

Or video your life.

Can I put my thing down while I do this?

Yeah, put it down, flip it, reverse it.

Sure.

Okay.

Let me tell you something.

Your video game life is life's video is the real life's video game.

Are you just reversing it right now?

Because I didn't quite understand what you just said.

Well, that's why we need to use our ears.

These two things in the next to our eyes.

Right.

Instead of listening to video games, we should be using them outside listening to other people.

And what I say is like talking to students, they might be 15 years old, munching away on a potato crisp, not listening.

Mr Munro, what you're talking about, I don't care about that, I'm more interested in my fall outs.

I'm more interested in my lollipop kingdom game.

And what I say to them is that you're going to find yourself at 21 and you might be out of a job or bit directionless.

And you'll go, Mr Munro was on to something there when I was 15 years old.

Maybe I should have applied myself, got out, put some time into work.

And I think there's a lot of comedy fans who listen to this program.

Oh, I hope so.

I hope you'll be sitting there, sitting there, yeah, absolutely eating a cheeseburger or maybe some chicken.

You seem very, I got to say, you seem very focused on what people are eating while they sit down.

Do you, do you think people should eat standing up?

I mean, I know you would maybe lose more weight doing as you're moving around, sort of like a Arden Marine's father, a call back to a previous episode.

But I, but why are you so focused on people eating while they're, but the other thing is is it's hard to eat while you play video games.

You got to get both of those thumbs onto those buttons.

You know what I mean?

Well, it's, it's even hard.

It's a eight while you're playing a football game.

Yeah.

Well, that's the thing.

I don't see a lot of people out there on John Madden's NFL draft, you know, the real version, the real life version, non on turkey bones.

Do you think Paylay would eat potato crisps before a game?

Do you think that would eat an after?

I have no idea.

I mean, I don't know when he eats.

What's his schedule?

The answer is no.

They're going home.

They're doing some sit ups, maybe a, maybe a bit of stretching.

So he doesn't eat at all, you think?

Well, I think he might eat some fruit and vegetables at the end of the day.

Okay.

At the end of the day.

I'm what?

So he, he, if he has a game, he doesn't eat anything during the beginning of the day.

Then he does his game.

Are games in the afternoon?

That would be hard.

If they're at night, that would be really hard.

Sport games change times during, you know, they can go, they can range from.

So they're not at specific times?

No, I mean, at times usually sheds you.

But then is usually scheduled for these games in the.

Why are they at different times?

This is what I wanted to talk to you about.

Why are sports events at different times during the day?

If I am in the mood to watch a sport event, I want to watch it at the same time.

Every single time I watch one.

I think you'll find this a myriad of different reasons, one of which being scheduling, one of which being the opportune time to compete.

So a game that needs daylight will often occur when the sun is above you as opposed to on the other side of the day.

What are those daylight games?

What do we got?

Well, I think you're like football.

They have night games at football.

Oh, are you talking about soccer?

Because I think they have night games there too.

Maybe golf golf.

You don't see a lot of nighttime golf games.

That's a great example.

You put that up on the whiteboard.

Golf is a daytime game.

Hey, you know, instead of sitting there mashing buttons on your video game controller, eat some mashed potatoes.

Yeah, absolutely.

So do you know what's really important?

It's a balanced diet.

So you might have mashed potatoes one day the week.

The next day have some brussel sprouts.

The next day you might have some broccoli with your dinner.

And then on Fridays you might have a pizza, but that's just one day a week, you know?

Sure.

You're not having that every night.

One day, mashed potatoes one day.

This is just examples.

This is not a set rule, Scott.

Oh, okay.

This is something you can determine yourself.

Well, these are all great tips.

And you teach physical education?

Is that what you teach?

Yeah, absolutely.

I teach at Broward College, which is a real school that I've just, and that's at Warnable College.

But what I'd say to you is do you think the rock is eating pizza pies every day?

Just think about that next time you're punching them.

What do you think he's eating?

Is he eating rocks or what?

I mean, what?

I don't know him personally.

Maybe you think I know him personally.

I don't know why you bring him up.

Well, I think, you know, we look to the rock because of his big strong muscles.

And I think a lot of young men out there and ladies would say.

Do you think that we look at whatever has the biggest muscles in our line of vision?

Well, I do.

I go, I look at a room.

I go biggest muscles there.

That's genuinely what I do.

Okay.

Yeah, interesting.

Okay.

So when, then when if the rock ever steps in, your focus just shifts right over to him.

Ben, like a laser, big muscles.

And you know, and that'll, you know, shift like very rarely will my focus be off the rock if he's in my periphery.

Look, Mark, Zach, you guys got to help me out on this.

I mean, this guy, he seems to be all over the place, isn't he?

He's an idiot.

Yeah.

That's what I was getting to.

But what, I mean, it's a stretch that he got a diploma of education.

He sounds like he knows what he's talking about for about 10 seconds.

Now he's just like looking off into space.

Well, do you know what?

I hear this a lot from young kids though.

I'll find him behind the back of the shed smoking a cigarette or a cigarillo and they'll be, oh, Mr. Munro doesn't know anything about this.

He's just some, some jumped up jakaro.

And I'll say to them, come speak to me in 10 years time when you're working at the Woolworths, when you're working at the, at the Ralphs as you guys.

I don't know that, I don't know that any of these kids that you talk about, you have this fantasy about kids leaving your class and then five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten years later thinking about something that you said.

I think they've forgotten you, my dude.

Well, I got to say, Scott, it's about fucking time someone talks out to this guy.

He's been banging on about this 10 years shit for so long.

Thank you.

It's really, it's refreshing to hear.

So we forget about you the instant we stop.

Wait a minute, guys, did Mr. Munro, did, did, was Mr. Munro your teacher?

Yes.

Yeah.

10 years ago.

What?

Is that what you're talking about?

That's actually, yeah, I wanted to sit, I checked up on these boys and do you know what?

Have you, the things I said 10 years ago, they've had an impact on you.

They're still with me and often now I'll think about them and I'll go, gee, Mr. Munro, he was onto something wasn't he?

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Well, you saw just 10 years Scott, me and 10 years.

Yeah, you got to hope I'm still with us.

That's not a given.

It's a role to the dice at this point.

Yeah, the one in six chance maybe.

But you think in 10 years, I'm going to think about what you said on this program.

You guys be sitting there in 2030 on your cool technology and that technology for you, if we were looking at the technology that you'll be using in 2030, that'll feel like magic to us now.

You won't even understand how does that work?

What's the connection to that?

You know, people always say, people always say that, but I think that if a time traveler were to come back with something that is 10 years from now and given it to me, I wouldn't be like a K-man going, what?

What is this?

I would kind of look at it and go, oh, yeah, it's pretty intuitive the way it handles.

Yeah, I get it.

Like within 10 seconds.

Yeah, and you'd probably be like, oh, this is a lot like something from Minority Report or another sort of sci-fi from the time.

Yeah, exactly.

They're being references.

Like I think if you went back in time and took a TV to a caveman, like 10 minutes into it, it came out to go, oh, okay.

So it's just like, it's what happens over there is it comes up on this little box.

Yeah, I get it.

Okay, the lot of wheels in this.

Yeah, yeah.

Initially, I invented this wheel.

You got a few more going in now.

I understand.

Yeah, I get there.

I invented the wheel.

I can see how just extrapolate on from this.

I understand.

There's like at least like 20, 30 wheels in there.

Right.

Yeah, they go.

That's that.

I get it.

Yeah.

At first they'd be like, oh, but then they'd just figure out.

Maybe they'd be startled, but I don't even think the whole like, oh, I can't comprehend what I'm seeing.

He has a heart attack.

I don't think that happens.

I think it's just like a start.

Like, oh, how'd you get here in my place?

Oh, what is this?

Oh, oh, I get it.

Yeah.

Some sports are on wheels.

Yeah.

Can you name any?

I'm trying to think of one.

Let me put that to you.

What do you think it's wrong?

I don't know.

I don't have the answers.

I'll give you one to start with.

Bike riding.

Yeah.

Two.

That's on wheels.

Two.

It's tomorrow.

This is car racing.

That's on the bottom of the mountain.

I've got two wheels in order for it to be called wheels instead of wheel.

I've got two now.

We've got car racing.

We've got bike riding.

Yeah.

I've got four.

Yeah, car racing.

No, we're not talking about how many wheels.

We're just talking about different sports.

I was.

Six all together.

I was talking about that.

All right, let's do that.

Six wheels so far.

Remember those little three wheel cars in artificial intelligence?

That's Steven Spielberg movie.

Yeah.

So our good friend, Haley Joel.

Haley Joel Osman.

Yeah.

And nine wheels.

There was three wheel cars in that.

So nine wheels.

Nine wheels.

Yeah.

Nine wheels.

Great.

You know how in gladiator times they'd have the horse.

Chariot races.

But they'd have to put chariot races.

Yeah.

That's like a horse racing sport.

Those are two wheels.

So we're up to like 11 at this point.

11 wheels.

Yeah, 11 wheels and also four horsey legs.

Four horsey legs.

Are we counting the horsey legs?

Natural.

We may have to go back to the ones we've already covered to see if horsey legs are in this.

Well, they're nature's wheels.

So wait, we got bicycle racing.

Are there any horsey legs in that?

It depends on the horsey legs in the boot.

Or if the horse is on the bike.

Yeah, that's true.

This is getting too complicated.

Well, I think you've learned something today.

I think we've all learned that some sport can be done on wheels and we can thank the cavemen for that.

That's a good point.

Yeah.

That's a good point.

Okay.

All right.

I get it.

Thank you, Mr Monroe.

I got it.

Thank you very much.

Hey, guys.

Hey, no worries.

What?

Is that something people say out there?

No skin off my pickle or?

No.

I didn't think so.

Would Mr Monroe say that all the time when he was teaching you 10 years ago?

Yeah, he'd just make up phrases.

He'd get halfway through a phrase, realize it doesn't exist and then just commit to it.

Yeah.

And then just put in a lot of food stuffs at the end.

Yeah.

Fishache of the sole spot.

That's no day for my jog-yoski.

I'll tell you that much.

That's a weird one.

I've never heard any of those words before.

Well, look, we have to take a break, Mr Monroe.

Can you stick around?

Is that okay?

I mean, I'd love for some of our future guests.

We have someone in food service and someone in the plumbing industry.

I'd love it if some of those guests were to learn some of your knowledge.

Oh, absolutely.

I mean, yes.

I mean, you had me at absolutely.

You didn't even need to follow it up yet, but I appreciate it.

All right.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from the Auntie Donna guys.

We'll have more from Mr Monroe.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back.

And I got to say, Mark had to take off these Auntie Donna guys.

I don't know what's going on with them, but they just keep leaving one by one.

But we do have Zach is here and Mr Monroe is here and we have to get to our next guest.

He is in the food service industry.

Please welcome Salvatore Michelangelo.

Hello.

It's so good to be here.

Take you for having me, Mr Scott.

It's my pleasure.

You know, I've had a lot of people from the Canada of the East Australia on the show.

But you sound like you're from somewhere different.

Do you mind telling us where you hail from?

I'm from a fuck of faunte.

It's a little town in Cecilia.

Have you ever been to Sicily?

I have never been to Sicily.

I in fact was going to go this year.

And then, of course, everything happened.

Zach, Mr. what happened?

Mr. you don't know what happened?

Where are you right now?

Are you there in Italy?

I'm in the pizza shop.

How long have you been in the pizza shop?

About nine or ten a month.

I've just been here.

Fuck your head out.

We've had a lot of orders.

Nobody come in the door no more.

But there are a lot of people ringing on the faunte.

Doing the door and dashing.

They say what the...

I would think the odd one of those phone calls someone in the background may have mentioned something like the novel coronavirus.

No.

We've been trying to tell him about it for years, man.

For all months, with the whole time, we've been trying to tell him about it.

Wait, wait, wait.

I don't...

I don't have a coronavirus to work.

I have a maybe 19.

Maybe about a couple of six of them.

I'm...

Oh, yes.

I drink a lot of a coronavirus.

I like...

I put a lama in the one.

I put a lemon in the...

Zach, are you saying you know him?

Yes.

This is...

This is Mark's uncle.

Oh.

Yeah, he's an old Italian guy.

He lives in Australia now just out of Melbourne.

But...

Yes, he makes pizza.

We know him quite well.

Oh.

Zach, I've known her since she was just a little pickle off her mouth and skin.

A little pickle.

Oh, okay.

A lot of pickle talk.

Do you have pickles on your pizzas?

Yeah, you know, if somebody requests it, I don't like to put on too much of bullshit there.

I like the normal pizza and just the sauce and the cheese and the sausage and the pepper and the cheese.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I mean, unless you have the pizza before...

Well, unless there's some sort of odd ingredient, we know how pizzas are made.

We know how they're constructed.

We know the layers.

We know everything about it.

Oh, Mr. Fancy Man.

No, it's a pizza.

Not really fancy.

It's really...

The pizza is actually a very cheap food.

You find that most people tend to order them when they have large families because it's cheaper to feed their families this way.

It's actually not very fancy at all.

But it's actually not that healthy, either.

That's important to remember.

If you're having pizzas every day, you can actually get quite a bit of pizza.

You want to put me out of business.

You know Mr. Monroe here?

Salvatore Michelangelo?

Yeah, he was a knock on the mud toy coming in.

He said, you can't be serving this shit there.

You should have a de salad on the menu.

You lack a mukadon or have the healthier options.

And I said, yes, stick it this one up and you'll cut that soon.

Okay, so you're going door to door telling people what they should eat and or serve?

Yeah, I'm a prick.

Oh, wait, it's all making sense now.

Yes, everyone should have your body.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Yes, you should have my body.

My body is optimum.

You have the world's most perfect body.

You have like body prime.

Is that what you're trying to say?

That's right.

I can have body delivered to me any day of the week.

Listen, it's like the transformer.

You know the one now turning the two to the truck?

You know, look, you're speaking gibberish to me right now.

I've never seen any of these.

I imagine they all turn into trucks.

There's one called Bumblebee that I know because he had his own movie.

But I...

Bumblebee is a very good day.

Yeah, which one was the racist one?

The racist are there all a little bit racist.

Well, we are all of them racist.

Because I know one of them very pointed to me is...

They do a stereotype.

They take a lack of accent and they make it a big identity.

And it's a very inappropriate day.

But they have a Japanese one.

They have a calcium gram of one.

They have a one who is not talking about the talk of it already.

It's a very racist to show.

And Salvatore, you're really not a fan of like racist caricatures, are you man?

No.

I like to do it a pizza.

I like to do it with a pasta.

And I like to self-assuck it and call out racism when I see it.

Before things you...

Because I'm a big four.

What was the third one?

Something about sake?

A self-assuck.

Self-suck?

What?

Did you know Marilyn and Manson had the two lips removed?

So he cooked the sake of the...

I am glad that I...

That stuck out to me because I was gonna let it slide.

Your number three...

This is the slide all the time.

Your number three is...

Is giving yourself oral pleasure?

Yes, sir.

You're not doing the self-assuck it?

Look, Mr. Monroe, back me up on this.

The male body is not meant to do that.

Let me put it this way.

If you've been working at that level of core strength, then pat on the back mate.

So wait, so you guys lived in the same town, essentially.

What an odd town.

Yes, it's a pre-fucked up, eh?

Mr. Monroe, t-shirt, I had to do school, eh?

I work at the pizza shop across the road, eh?

Zacky, fuck around in the gutter out of the front, eh?

Sometimes we go no shirt.

You're a gutter boy.

Yeah, you're a drab, you catch.

You have set up the rat trap, say, try to catch the rat to make it a burger.

And, eh, cause I work in the...

Don't make the perk.

What is it?

Okay, yeah, go ahead.

Have you ever seen a demolition of men?

Is the movie demolition man or just a man whose job is to demolish things?

Oh, you know I'm happy for you to say the or yes and no one ever likes it.

Well, I've seen both.

I just want to be clear.

I have, I was driving one day and I saw a guy and he had a box with a big plunger on it and I said, oh, look at that guy.

That looks like, and then suddenly he depressed the plunger and the entire building next to him just crumbled.

So yes, I have seen both.

Both times only once, in both instances only once, the Sylvester Stallone movie saw it one time, the actual job I've only seen it one time as well.

Well, in the movie demolition of man with the slash loans.

So we're talking about the movie.

Yeah, we're talking about the movie.

But he blushed it up in the movie.

Cause I don't know that I know any more information about the actual man that I saw.

It was a passing glance.

I was a little more distracted by the building coming down because I thought, is this safe?

I'm driving right next to it.

But so, so if you want to talk about that, I don't know whether I can access any more information.

Was the Sandra Bullock there?

Sandra Bullock was there.

Yeah.

Why?

How did you know it?

Okay.

Was a rubbish night out there?

How did you know?

Yes, both of them were standing in front of the building.

I think you see at the movie.

Oh, wait a minute.

I was watching the movie.

I was just watching the movie.

I didn't see the other version.

That happens all of the time.

That's happened to me three or four times.

Watching the movie.

Us.

No, I see a building coming down.

Sure.

Sandra Bullock is there.

Rompous.

Nidal is there.

Savestous.

I'm going to talk about the movie.

Sandra is there.

Savestous.

The movie is there.

Wesley Snipes is there.

I'm going to talk about the movie.

I'm the opposite of that.

I have other people blow.

You're a lonely person.

I'm a very all-alone.

I have my Santa.

I have my nephew.

I have my ribs in a jar.

I always look at the people.

Why are you keeping those rings in the jar?

You ever attempted to put those on a pizza?

Well, that's the fun that you mentioned.

We have a hot, new special.

Pizza shopping.

You come around there.

You get the two large pizza.

A garlic bread.

A 1.5 a Fanta.

You know I have a lot of a Fanta in America.

We don't have a lot of it.

This sounds like a lot of food for me.

I don't have a family.

Sugary drinks.

Sugary drinks are bad for you.

That's why America is in such good shape.

They don't have the fainters in the fainters.

I hate this guy.

I'm a basher him.

I'm a basher you.

I come to your house.

I give you a 1 or 2 or another snogging.

I do know that Zach, you have to go.

Isn't that right?

Yeah, unfortunately I do.

Yes, I have to go to the shops.

I understand.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is in the custodial services I mentioned.

He is a plumber.

Please welcome Mario.

You sent me a Mario.

I fixed the pot.

Oh, wait a minute.

This is a very racist.

I take the pot and fix it.

And then I take it all the copper corn.

Are you the famous Mario?

Yes, I'm a Mario.

I come from Tokyo.

And I fix the pot.

But the sandpap is so big.

I go into it and I take all the copper corn.

Yeah, we know.

Dude, you are famous.

Do you know that?

Yes, but not I take the copper corn.

What is copper corn?

I don't know what a cup of corn is.

He is taking the copper corn.

Oh, copper corn.

Copper.

The copper.

Yes, the corn.

Okay, the copper corn.

You are taking the copper corn.

Okay.

A cup of the corn.

Oh, Jesus Christ, mark your back.

I'm sorry.

I am sorry.

I'll go.

No, no, no.

Stay.

I don't know that we can take two of these voices right next to you.

I thought it would be a bit of my shit.

Okay.

See you later, Salvatore.

Empire.

If you want a little comeback, you just let them in.

No.

I'm just out of the door.

I'm just a sitter in the wet room.

Probably, you won't be needed.

You can go on home.

With 100% certainty, we're not going to be calling you back.

So, so mark your back.

So let's start.

I'm back.

Let's start tomorrow here.

I'm a video game expert.

Oh, you are.

So I can help translate certain things.

Oh, great.

Okay.

So things like Cooper corn, you can tell me that he means copper coins.

He's saying, well, I think Cooper coin.

So you're getting cloy.

You're saying Cooper coin?

Cooper coin.

What is it?

Cooper coin.

Yes.

A copper coin is the most valuable thing in my world.

I go into the pipe and I call the Cooper coin for me.

If he gets 100 of them, he can resurrect himself from the dead.

Oh, okay.

I mean, I was going to say our coins really more important than your life, but apparently they are.

They're about 100 of them are equal to your life.

I have lived many lives.

I am a Mario.

Many lives.

How old are you?

I was born in the fires of 1994, but there have been many marios.

Not that many lives.

I was born earlier than that.

I've only lived one.

I've lived longer than you.

There are many marios.

There is the little pixel Mario.

That is me.

There is the English man with the brother John de Guizamo.

That is me.

I am all Mario.

We're talking about a Mario versus a Mario.

We're talking about several dimensions of different marios and you exist in each of these planes?

I exist in every plane and no plane at once.

I am Mario.

All marios at once.

It's complicated, but I can only imagine.

You have some sort of sentient brain which is allowing yourself to control all of the different marios.

There must be hundreds if not millions if not thousands somewhere in the middle there of these marios out there in the world.

You're controlling all of them?

I am all marios.

You see this Mario, the Mario of your world.

Sure, you're Avatar that I'm looking at right now.

Yes, I am here in order to open the Nintendo Land in Hollywood.

Oh, okay.

I was wondering, yeah, you're here in the States and there's a Nintendo Land.

What a great time to open a theme park, by the way.

I know.

Incredible timing.

So you're here to open it.

I'm here to open it, but I am also the Englishman with the brother of John Leguizamo.

I think we're talking about Bob Hoskins.

Yeah, I know he was in Who Friend Roger Rabbit.

Is that who?

Who were talking?

Your him?

Yes, this is me.

Yes.

It's to me, Bob Hoskins.

He said me and Bob Hoskins and to my brother, John Leguizamo.

Sure, yeah.

There are many Mario Land.

Yes, there are many Mario Land.

Can I ask you, Mario, what are you?

So you're here to open a Nintendo Land, but why are you on this show?

I'm on this show as a warning.

A warning to us.

Wait, to all of Earth?

I come from many universes.

All of the Mario Land's they have been decimated by greed, by the need for copper coin, and you are on the same path.

I'm not.

You are.

I mean, I don't even play this shit.

No, all the universes are decimated.

Earth is the last Earth, and I am here as a warning, also to open a Nintendo Land at Universal Studios.

Which is more important, the warning or the?

I think of the warning as sort of a pro bono work.

I mean, I make the money from Nintendo Land.

Sure, so it's more like the icing on a cake.

Do you have cakes there in Mario Land's?

I've never seen a cake.

No, I don't think we have a cake, but we do have a cart, a small car, a drive around, and the goal is to win the race.

So what are the things, by the way, speaking of races, that's four wheels.

We covered this earlier in the show.

Oh, yes, we did.

Definitely.

Well, what are the things that are in Mario Land's?

Fitness is really important.

Oh, my God, Mr. Monroe.

We know.

I'm a back kid.

Oh, get out of here.

Okay.

So that's so weird that he just came back, even though he definitely was not wanted or needed here.

This is incredible.

I hope that people out there can hear this incredible warning that Mario, the famous Mario, do you know your famous?

You walk into a room and you turn some heads.

I mean, it's not the rock where we're like, look at all those muscles.

Okay, I'll look at this guy, but you know that your cue rating is pretty high.

I'm not that famous in most of the Mario world.

There I am just a plumber.

I fix it apart.

You fix it?

Yes.

Yeah, this is why you come over to this universe a lot, right?

Yes.

I would say I'm known.

You know, I have a, I think of Mario and Lance as sort of my retreat.

You know, so I come here to LA.

Why don't you, why do you ever go back to the, personally, and this is me.

If I, if I were a plumber, like I'm a podcast famous in this universe, right, which is not real fame, but you know, I mean, there are perks.

But if I were a plumber in almost every other universe instead of being podcast famous, I don't think I'd ever go and visit any of those.

You know, yeah, maybe it would be fun for like one week a year, not to be constantly not recognized in a different way.

But, but I, but you know what I mean?

Like why are you even spending time over there?

Well, you have to understand in this world that there are big pipes.

Oh, this world of pipes filled with caves of copper coins.

So when I go to this world, the plumber is king.

This is the best time in a world.

This must be killing you because you know, you came on this show earlier and you were talking about people playing video games and how, what a waste of time it is and how people should be using those very hands that are playing those video games out into life's video game.

And here is a video game character right in front of you.

What, what are you feeling right now?

It is killing me, but you know what's killing me quicker, sitting.

It's the new cancer.

So if you're sitting at home working the way of your death, maybe try to stand in the window.

You know, you've just been on the show for like 10 minutes, 10 long minutes.

It's such a prick.

Give me a minute.

I will tell him about with my parents.

Can I go home now?

Is that the way?

Yes, we wanted you to go home.

Oh, okay.

I'm just a chap in the sit out the front and kiss you.

No, we don't need you.

I just stopped sitting over.

Oh, you came in here.

You came in here.

Ask if you could go home.

I said yes.

I don't need you.

Oh, God.

I'm a go.

Okay.

Bye bye.

Yeah, we know you're going.

We can see we he's a prick too.

I don't know man.

Mark, I got to say like you're these guys, you know, oh, I know.

I've got to do it.

Hey, Scott, I know.

I'm so glad you agree with me, but I think one thing we can all agree on is that we are running out of time and there's only time for one last feature on the show.

It's time for a little something called plugs.

It's time to get out of the tub.

Your hair is thin and full of bugs.

You watch the water drain like gutter's in a storm.

Your covered head to toe in bugs.

A terminator on the way.

And you're still sitting in the tub.

Your whole life has led up to this moment.

Don't mess it up.

Beautiful that I don't think plugs were ever mentioned.

I think a few episodes back I'd mentioned that I wondered why all of these songs were about plugs just because they're the theme to our plugs.

It doesn't mean they have to mention plugs all the time.

Quite frankly, getting tired of the subject matter.

But that was a bugs theme by Elijah Stole.

So thank you so much to Elijah Stole.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Mark, obviously you and your two friends who have left.

You have Auntie Donna's big ol' house of fun on Netflix.

This Wednesday, of course, don't watch it until you take a picture or a screenshot of you at the very end of this episode and send it to me.

But watch it immediately thereafter.

Six episodes, really funny stuff.

I'm very happy to have my name on it at least twice and per rep.

And I don't want to plug anything because I feel like I plugged the Auntie Donna show more than enough.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you wanna close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

Ohhh.

Clean up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Shake your hands and open it up.

Then Erasure comes and then he just says.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open up the plug bag.

Keep it fucking open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Guys, I wanna thank you so much.

I know that Mario had to go and Zach came back.

Is that right?

Er, not Yesch.

Yeah, he's gone.

He's out of here.

The pizza man is back.

Oh shit.

Well, unfortunately Broden never came back but we are here.

And of course, you know, Mark is here with us.

Mark, great to have you on the show.

Thank you so much for being here.

Thank you so much, Scott.

It was an absolute pleasure.

And an honor and a joy.

I appreciate that.

And Broden never came back but Mr. Monroe, all right, look, we'll give you 30 seconds to just get all your bullshit out and just like say whatever you're gonna say.

Make us feel bad about our lives, whatever it is we're doing.

What, I mean, what, how honestly, how much of your day is spent doing physical fitness?

Is it really every hour that you're not sleeping?

To be honest, I only do 30 minutes a day but to be honest, that's all you need.

You can get up in the morning, have some foreign flakes.

Oh my God.

Just do a little bit of maybe some star jumps and a walk around the block.

And that's actually enough to keep you active.

Oh, man.

Fuck you.

Fuck off.

You fucking kills me.

Oh my God.

Fuck you.

You know what?

Fuck off.

All this energy.

A lot of energy coming towards me and you know what?

What?

You've burned some killer jewels.

Oh, fuck off.

Fuck off.

You see where you are in 10 years.

Oh, fuck.

That's all I'll say.

You will be thinking about it in 10 years.

He does have that effect.

He gets too many.

He's got 10 years later.

Hey guys, thanks so much for being on the podcast again.

Thanks for having us back for a second time.

Yeah, Zach Mark, it's a shame what happened to Broden.

He really, boy, 20.

I fucking thought.

Yeah, 2021 was bad for him, but it's great to have you guys on.

I'm sorry, the group dissolved after, you know, Broden really was the glue.

But I really appreciate having you guys on the show again.

I'm surprised.

I'm still doing it quite honestly.

But I wonder if you guys on the show because some popped in my head the other day.

What?

I was thinking I was looking down at my fat stomach and I was like, remember what Mr.

Monroe said 10 years ago?

Wow.

Oh, you're welcome.

Mr. Monroe.

You can't believe 23 and me is the biggest show in the world right now.

I'm going to be a little bit more than you.
