♪♪♪ For a quarter I'll court her for a dime I'll rhyme but give me some nickels and I'll tickles and pickles welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Huh, thank you to I changed my name for this SPD.

Hmm, for that catchphrase submission that implies that people are changing their names because I have not been picking the regular contributors to the catchphrases.

So please don't do that, leave your names as they are and we will pick from the pool.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, my name is Scott Ockermann, the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

This is coming out approximately a week and a half after a momentous, momentous events.

Of course we're talking about Guy Foxnite, November 5th and we have an incredible show coming up.

We have a, someone who works for the government is going to be coming up a little later and that's very exciting and we also have an entertainer, an entertainer and an author and a director will also be here and that's a good show as far as I'm concerned.

I mean when you get someone who works for the government and an entertainer I mean that's, I consider that to be the spectrum.

And speaking of the spectrum here's someone who may be on it may not be on it.

I don't know, I don't like to speculate about those kind of things with our guests but he is, I'm a big fan of this guy, one of the world's greatest stand-up comedians.

He, you know him from Saturday Night Live, you know him from Tough Crowd, you know him from Remote Control, where I first got to know his work.

He has a new HBO Max special out right now called, oh I'm going to say his name in the title, why do I just mumble when I say his name?

Because I hate saying the person's name before you actually introduce him. So, Kong Quinn and friends, a parking lot comedy show out on HBO Max right now and he has a new book called Overstated, which is also out now, everything is out now, please welcome for the first time to the show, Colin Quinn.

Hello Colin.

Hi Scott, thank you very much for having me on the show, you know, I've, well I love the show but of course I only see it in my time capsule of the O'Golly years, the Andy Daley O'Golly.

Oh, yes, well that was quite a while ago, yeah quite a while ago.

I used to drive and listen to the show.

Oh well thank you so always nice to meet a fan, it's so wonderful to hear. Colin it's great to have you on the show and you know I've been a big fan of your work since the 80s, is that possible?

Yes, 88 as on MTV Remote Control started.

Incredible, I was a big fan of that show, used to watch it at approximately 3.30 every afternoon.

Yes, you were you were a pimple face teenager. And now I'm a pimple face 28 year old.

But of course we know your work from Saturday Night Live, one of the best to ever do it there on the weekend update desk.

You're sort of, you don't buy that, not even you buy it.

Colin, you have this parking lot comedy show, I just watched this, it's very very funny and I didn't know what to expect.

Can you describe it and then we'll talk about it a little bit?

Well, I've always considered myself a parking lot philosopher. No, just kidding.

I just was a, yeah, I mean I was trying to combine backstage with Stan, like instead of just straight stand up special, do sort of half people before the show and you know, and during the show.

So if you were to describe this to like TV Guide, you would just say, I tried to combine backstage with...

Maybe I'd say synthesize, I don't know what I would say.

Well, I think the important part is that this is a COVID, a stand up special.

That's a whole hard, yeah. No, yeah, but I mean that was an excuse, yeah, but you're right.

Of course, it was a parking lot because it was all car audience.

I mean, when I'm thinking of like my thoughts of like, hey, yeah, right, it's comedians' short-knit cars, right?

You, and we've heard of comedians in cars getting coffee, there was no coffee in your special.

And this was taped adjacent to the East River out there in New York, is that right?

Yes, it was in Green Point.

And so it's essentially, when I heard it was your show, I assumed you were going to be hosting, but instead you let Rich Voss eat shit.

Yes, I let Rich Voss take the bullet, which is more enjoyable and more organic.

So it's essentially, it's about 10 comedians or so doing a show for cars in a parking lot on the adjacent to the East River.

And what I thought was really interesting about it was that it truly embraces how badly everyone is doing up to a certain point.

Yes.

I think a lot of stand up comedy shows would try to disguise that because you're putting on a show and you want everyone to be laughing.

And instead, you're really laying into like how badly Chris de Stefano is doing.

Yeah, and the greatest is everyone leaves the stage like, I don't know, instead of going, good night.

Thank you. You guys are great.

It was like, I don't know if that one good.

I don't know. And it just kind of wanders off the stage.

I mean, Rich gets up and he pretty much, what is interesting about the cut is that you spend a lot more time with the people after people sort of figure out how to do it and do it well.

And all of the early comedians get approximately 90 seconds in the cut because any more than that would be cruel to them.

Yeah. Well, because it is, well, Chris brought up a good point, which is nobody said, hey, honk and flesh of lights.

It's left. He was off.

So it looks even worse than it is, you know.

That's a rich boss comes out.

Yeah, people are honking in appreciation, but only after Rich comes up, eat shit.

And then Chris, I believe, is the first comedian he eats shit. And then Rich Voss comes out and goes, hey, everyone honk your honk your horns and flash your lights if you're having a good time.

And then everyone like starts to give, you know, some feedback.

Yeah. And that was a chronic illogical. That was the order.

It was actually done. So it wasn't like I put that in. That was exactly how it went.

And then I also really liked that it continually cuts back to the comedians who are kind of in the not the green room, but the green room area in a parking lot.

And some, you know, sort of half listening to the comedians, which is pretty true for a comedy show, trying to basically not listening to the material as much as wanting to gauge how the crowd is or what they're responding to.

And everyone's really deconstructing it and figuring out why certain people are doing well, why people are not doing well. It's really fascinating.

Yeah, it's the, you know, it's the, like I say, at the beginning, it's a fascinating look into comedy that nobody could see unless you listen to any podcast less than you.

Right. Not this one. We don't talk about comedy usually.

Oh, you know, I just have straight. I have strange weirdos on the show.

You press company excluded, of course. No, but I really went into it kind of going, you know, it's hard for me to watch stand up comedy a little bit because I produced, you know, a show of it for 11 years and I'm just kind of, you know, this is like, it's a little hard for me to watch.

But I, and so I expected kind of to dip in a little bit and go like, you know, watch your material because I'm talking to you.

But I watched the whole thing straight through because it was just really an enjoyable. Oh, good. Thanks.

An enjoyable watch, especially to see the comedian sort of like mentally put together what is going on and then adjust.

It was, it was really interesting.

It was, it was really, it was, you know what I mean? And it's interesting to see when you can't, like, because we all know, stand up comedy, all comedy is just so saturated that where everyone's used to a certain thing.

So taking laughs away from stand up comedy is a good thing.

Yeah. But in my opinion, well, especially to be to film it, I mean, it made me think like, wow, I would, I would probably watch a series just about people bombing.

You know, I mean, I think that's a little more even interesting than watching people like killed, you know, on their specials and stuff.

Absolutely. And killing sometimes can be a crutch too, in a certain way.

Also, one, one other thing I found interesting was, was one of the comedians said that you were encouraging them to do new material, which it seemed like, and this is just my impression of it and tell me if you think I'm right or wrong.

But the first couple people bombed so hard that it seemed like people went to their, their act a little bit more after that.

I know, I mean, most of that stuff was, you know, maybe they'd get a couple of people through a couple of bets in.

Yeah. But that's what happens on the show too. I mean, everybody goes and stand up with the noblest of intentions.

I can't tell you the amount of times I've walked on stage, right from new all new stuff. And I'm like, watch this. And then 10 minutes in you're like, you know, it's just like, you know, it's just a little surviving.

And you're just trading water. And like, hey, guess what? I'll do 12, 20 year old stuff. I have to write now.

Why did you want people to do new stuff instead of going to the act, which I guess people would be a little more comfortable doing?

Well, because I had to do all those stuff. Why shouldn't they? First of all, second of all, because when you go, when you see a special like that, like even you're saying, you're not going to watch the whole thing.

If you're watching people go into order, you know, what about Bob? Because even though that's your act and everything works hard on it, but there's still a time.

And I told everybody, go, it doesn't matter. You're not going to get laughs anyway. There's no way they can laugh.

They're in cars. So who cares? Nobody's going to know you're bombing, except for you basically, you know.

It was interesting also I started to, because there are laughs, you can hear laughs after every joke. Like, you know, some some comedians more than the others. Was that sweetened at all? Because I was, no, I was wondering how.

So, so you were miking what the cars or the parking lot? We miked the cars. We all end the parking lot outside a little.

So, but could the comedians hear any of the laughs or was it kind of totally silent for you unless it was honking? I didn't hear any laughs during my set. I mean, I heard a couple of honks and one honk you can see I got annoyed because I felt like it was one of those honks like, like somebody trying to show like, you know, like now you're interpreting honks like I know that was spent in a different way than they supported or it was like supportive like I get it.

Right. It's a lot like when you're driving getting road rage because someone was honking a little too loudly. Right.

It's a way to be long. So you start to read more into it.

It would be interesting to see what happens if this continues for the next 20 years.

I don't know how anyone can do it because it really illustrates how important the feedback from the audience is to the comedian because without it, you're just sort of lost in a drift, not knowing, you know, should I be clarifying something? Should I be adjusting something?

It kills you, but the audience is so important for us.

Right. It's more collaborative than any of the other. These other people are going and working the album for six months, whatever it is, we need the audience, whether we like it or not.

We need these bastards to help us do exactly what you said.

Edit. No one to stop. You know, when to get to the punch law. No one to shorten. No one to, you know, a lot of times like a comedian will say something that they think is really funny and it'll get nothing.

And they'll realize, oh, I didn't explain that right or the I need to re clarify it for the audience or whatever. And you have no idea when you can't hear.

You have no idea. Yeah. And that's what's so great and horrible. That's the end of comedy.

Let's talk about your book. It's called overstated. It's out now. And this isn't your first book. I don't believe is it? Or it's not my first rodeo.

Okay. So you've done a rodeo. You've done a book. Yes. What's overstated about? What is the title imply? What is the material therein?

Well, I mean, it's about the 50 states. It's just about every state's history and how they got the personality they have today based on the history, you know.

So it's like a historical book mixed with your observations about it or? Yes. With me being from that going to that state doing comedy over the years.

Oh, interesting. Okay. So this is based on your own experiences traveling to the places. With historical. Yeah.

With historical.

Oh, interesting. The foundation is historical stuff. Right.

What are you doing during quarantine? I mean, obviously you did this one show that you filmed.

But the documentary doesn't go into anything else you've been doing during quarantine. So it leads me to ask, you know, what did you do for the other eight months minus two hours?

Well, I wrote the book. I mean, the second half of the book I wrote in quarantine. Really? Yeah. Is that addressed at all or? Yeah, bring up COVID and everything in the book.

Oh, wow. I just bring up diseases and, you know, but I mean, because if you can't finish your book during quarantine, you're never going to do it.

There's like so many chores that I've told my wife like, oh, yeah, I'm going to get to that. And if you're, if I haven't gotten to him now, there's, you know, anything that you've put off, you're just never going to do it.

Just just stop the, I guess not dream, but delusion. Yeah.

Yes. It's a dream and a delusion. That's true. Aren't all dreams, delusions and all delusions, dreams.

That's really interesting. I mean, talking about dreams like that, I, you know, I'm fascinated with dreams and, you know, love to unpack them.

What's the weirdest dream you've ever had? Have you ever had a really strange one?

Oh, I've had some sick ones lately. But last night, I had one that I was homeless that I was had to, like, I just was, I had to go do something important.

It was almost like, like a bed, like one of those, like, movies where, you know, you have a big meeting with a presentation.

My dream is actually a bed, like, chick flick from the 90s.

But because I had some pretty, some big presentation I had to do.

But anyway, so I had to be dressed nice and was in one of those glass office. But I was down in this basement.

And all I had was my smelly, like laundry in his clothes.

And so I'm trying to, like, hide and like a ratty suit on.

Like, it was almost like a rat hair suit. And I had to, like, somehow I was like, how am I going to get to a shower?

It was a whole thing trying to figure out. That was last night.

You've, you also, I was reading, you got married recently and then suddenly you get married and then you're immediately in quarantine.

What is that? I think it's fascinating that people, like newlyweds, suddenly having to adjust to being around each other all the time.

Oh, yeah. But we lived together for so long, you know, like, you know, yeah, like some arranged marriage where they brought her over from Eastern Europe.

I never met her before.

Would you be interested in that? If that were a possibility?

The way he rolled off my tongue properly. Yeah. Only going to my subconscious. That's my next dream for tonight.

All right. I've done this with other people who have been on SNL before. It's time. It's time for us to ask the question.

Dream SNL cast, ultimate SNL cast. You can pick seven people and one of them has to do update.

And these are people that have been on the shelves. See, you know, Colin, you're the first person to ask that because usually people just pick who have been on SNL before.

And then I follow up saying like I would pick Charlie Chaplin and, you know, his, like Jesus would probably be pretty good because he'd be doing miracles.

You're the smartest person so far who has asked that very important question.

Oh, good. All right. So yeah, my dream cast is anyone in any one in history or in the future?

Okay. Well, what about these? These are people that could be great on it. Jim Carey would have been great.

Okay.

Because he does great impression. I mean, I know he's on now doing Joe Biden.

Sure, but he's not an official cast member.

Jamie Fox.

Okay. Great.

How about this? David Allen Greer, who was offered SNL when I was there and turned it down.

He turned it down? Yeah. What was going on with Greer? He was just doing a bunch of other stuff. I heard he turned it down.

This is all, you know, he said I was there. So I'm sure it was probably true. Interesting.

I'm sure it was probably maybe true. And, yeah. And because he was so great at doing, he did really great.

You know, very, very specific characters.

Was he doing his Broadway stuff at that point or something?

I don't know. He's such a lot of Broadway stuff.

He's such an interesting guy. He played my boss on the TV show, Comedy Bang Bang.

And so we had a lot of long conversations when the cameras are stopped down. And he's a, and so I learned a lot about his career.

But he never brought that up about turning down SNL. That's fascinating.

Yes. He's trying to keep it a dark secret now. I'm exposing it.

Uh, Lily Tomlin? Lily Tomlin. Wow. Interesting choice. Yeah.

I mean, she used to do the best characters I'm old. So I really remember when she was on left hand.

Right. And she did all these characters. And she was only, remember, she's, they're flying blind in those days.

Nobody's like, Hey, I'm going to do these characters that are kind of real. People are like, what are you doing that for? Do the act?

Where's the butter in law? And then, uh, yeah, sorry. So she would have been another great one.

So we got four. We got four right now. Right. And we need, we need seven. We need seven and one has to do update.

Hmm. Hmm. Um, all right. All right. All right. All right.

Um, well, I'll tell you, when I, this has nothing to do with it.

I'll pick these two people just because I'm getting lazy.

And also because I once asked my friend who was a producer there for a hundred years.

I go, who are the best, the best in your opinion? He knew everybody did that on whatever. And then it can taste. So I said, who are the best sketch people pound for pound if forget about anything.

And he said Eddie Murphy and Sherry Oteri. Oh, interesting.

Pound for pound. Just pound for pound. Now she's a, she's a smaller woman.

Yeah. Swout pound for pound doesn't mean it means you can be smaller. That's all pointed expression. Pound for pound.

Pound supposed to remove that immediately. Oh, okay. Pound for pound is a removing weight. I thought it was, I thought it was like pound for pound meaning like, you know, if you're bigger, you have more talent. And if you're smaller, you have less talent. No.

It's the opposite. Okay. That's why half a pound, sugar a Robinson versus, you know, oh, I see. Okay. Okay.

Okay. Removing pounds from it. Okay. So now, so we have six.

I'm using them because I'm too lazy. I use those two because I'm lazy and they, you know, but they were both amazing people to put it in a sketch. Okay.

So we have six people, four men, two women and we need someone to know, we need one more and we need someone to do updates. So if you, if none of those six are your update choice, we need your update choice then.

Okay. My update choice. None of them are my update choice.

We have a choice is you're really taking it seriously. I appreciate this.

Oh, yeah. I like this kind of stuff. I mean, just think when you're little and you sleep over your cousin's house and you can't fall asleep and just lying. You have to think of stupid games.

Right. Yes. The kind of thing I could. That's this podcast to a T. Yes. Running out of stuff to talk about have to come up with stupid games.

All right. I mean, does it have to be popular with the public or does it matter? It does not matter. It could be any way. Yeah, it doesn't have to be a famous person. It can be anywhere you've ever met.

It's a famous person, but it might not be popular public.

Okay. Adolf Hitler. Now, India. Okay. No, he had a lot of ideas.

He was a great communicator. I mean, if you watch Tramp of the Will, he really knew how to connect with an audience.

Anytime you say, Adolf Hitler's suggestion, you have to say, now hear me out right afterwards.

You're going to hear me. Hear me out though.

Yeah.

Who would be? I mean, we're Charlie Chaplin, a silent weekend update. Yeah. I mean, Chaplin was one of your guesses.

And you just make spaces at the news, you know, about news.

Yes. Yeah. It's interesting. A lot of people pick people who have done the update before because they have their favorite person who's done update.

You decide not to go that route because you don't like anyone else's ever done update, apparently.

Yeah. No, I don't appreciate it. I don't like what I don't like when I did it. A lot of people are good at it, but yeah, you don't want to pick one of your friends.

Then you run it the next day, of course, you're going to run into somebody else because, hey, man, I see on County Bang Bang. It was great. You know, like, oh, I wonder if they saw that part. Of course they did.

Because one of their friends rat you out. Here's what nobody talks about now. Now that you bring it up in social media, nobody talks about how often you get ratted out by fans of both of you.

Twitter snitches all day, every day.

Oh, it's the worst. Just stop it. Stop it. Like the tag part. Here's the problem with Twitter. Twitter is great.

But if you could remove all of the part where anyone can ever say anything to anybody else and remove the tagging.

And basically just make it like, you know, press releases that we all put out and no one can ever respond to them.

Absolutely. Great idea. This is this will make it more popular.

That's a shame that you don't think you did well on update.

I enjoyed you. You did it for two years. Thanks. Yeah, I did. I did. It was crazy.

Well, I mean, what was it like? I mean, you came after Norm McDonald got fired. And even you were a fan of Norm doing it, obviously.

Yeah. And what was it like that? That shaded my time there because I was so, so I couldn't believe that I'm now going to be the good guy who's like the corporate guy standing up for, you know what I mean?

Right. So then I even made I sabotage myself more just on the fact that I was like, this is sickening to me like the idea that I would be that guy.

So then I feel like I kind of sappet I look back now. I didn't know it at the time, you know, but I look back many years later.

Why were you always frowning? Why was it? Why were you sabotaging? And I'm like, that's what, you know, because you didn't want to be NBC's lap dog. Is that.

Yeah. Interesting. Because somehow, I'm in this position.

And then I was like, all right, I'll make it really ugly.

But I didn't realize I was doing that at the time.

Interesting. So you were frowning during your all of your jokes, not having fun, essentially to stick it to NBC.

Well, to make sure that, yeah, that they didn't think I was their guy. Right. Yeah. To make sure that the audience doesn't think that you are like, Oh, good. Norm's gone. Now I can really shine.

Yeah, I feel like there was a part of it anyway. I mean, I have a bad attitude in other ways to begin with, so I can't put it fully on there.

Did you get did you get on the show hoping to do update? I mean, a lot of, you know, SNL has a lot of sketch people, but they also sometimes get stand ups like yourself.

You, of course, have done both, you know, especially on remote control, but did you get on kind of thinking like, well, I'm more of a stand up.

I would love to like get it behind the desk at some point.

No, but when I was doing right before, when no one was doing update was my happiest. My first two and a half years there, I would love being on SNL.

Because I would do these little characters, write stuff.

And it was like in my form. Because my form is not one line.

It's like updates are bad fit for me.

Right. Because you're wearing a suit, you got pictures behind you. It's everything I don't like. It's not my style.

Right. You know, you're more of a stand up comedian who can take a topic and extrapolate upon it for several minutes.

Yeah, that's what I'd rather do, you know. So it was a weird, it was an ugly fit for me, you know.

Right. Did you were on remote control with Adam Sandler?

Did he help you getting on SNL? Did he recommend you at all?

Or was he like, hey, I'm staying out of this?

Well, he recommended me to be a writer. I wanted to be a writer on there like three years before. And he recommended me to be a writer.

You know, he and so I went there with my sketches. I didn't realize the dynamic there. So I show up trying to show them this sketch. I wrote the sketch, which you probably, you probably like it on comedy.

Now that I think about it, because it was basically stupid.

Was I going to know? Well, they felt it was too smart, but it was basically like, it was the sanctimonious facetious, all these different characters in this Roman Coliseum, but they were all like personality.

And they're kind of based on their sanctimonious facetious anyway. But, and they just looked at me like, you know, like I came in like, I came in, you know, I say he came in hot. I came in earnest.

I'm like, Hey, I have these sketches. And they're just like, hmm, you know what I mean? Oh, sweaty. And so, you know, but Adam did recommend me to be.

So how do you get hired if your sketch is so bad? My sketches weren't bad. They were good. Oh, they were good.

Okay, I'm confused here.

I'm not, I'm not telling the story the way I want to. Okay, forget about that. So then two years later, Fred Wolf, who's our, who's right, I had right there.

He goes, you got to see Colin Quinn. The fact he's never worked. It's ridiculous. They come to see me in LA. I go on after a comedian, which is, he's talking about the greatest situation ever.

I'm going on after a comedian that kills in front of, because it knows it's like 94. So comedy is dead. So they have to paper the room all the time. Right. Yeah.

They paper the room with a camp. It's 15 year old kids. Oh, like 150 summer camp or something? Like on an excursion?

Yes. Yes.

150 kids from a summer camp. So my, I can't think of a worst crowd I could possibly have. I mean, I'm just being like ironic and prone to my little references and, you know, being like whatever I am, you know what I mean?

Yeah. And they hate me. I mean, you could not have bombed worse than me. And, but more was like, he's a writer. Well, I, and they like me is a writer. That's why I was a writer.

Right. Right. It came to see me to perform. And then like he's a writer. How do you do the, how do you do the transition from being a writer who obviously is a performer, but not a writer.

I mean, I think that is a performer, but not on the show to then at somebody that happened with you and Leslie Jones and other people like never having with John Malaney, but like, how does does Lauren come up to you and say like, Oh, by the way, I think that you're a good performer too.

We're going to put you on or what? How does that transition happen? Well, John Malaney is not a performer. And I've always said that.

I'm not a part of the opinion, but the, what do you call back office? That's how you show people.

But no, so it doesn't happen like that. It was remember it was the year it was a whole new, the transitional year.

Yeah, with Chris Elliott and Mike McKeean.

And then they'll know, no, not with those guys. Those guys left. That was two. That was another trade issue. Oh, okay.

Oh, so it was a few years after that. Okay.

This is when Will Farrell and then all of those people showed up Molly and, you know, so, so, but anyway, they just like, Oh, they need update features. Do one of your things for update like my friends would tell me.

And they just, you know, you put them at the desk and if it worked, it worked. So it was really doing update features.

And like I said, that was my favorite things to do. You know, I would rather just stuck to one of those things.

Yeah, it seems like it seems like a lot of people that update desk can be a blessing because people, you know, you're saying your own name. And so it makes you more famous, but it also can be a curse because some people just would rather be doing sketches like, I guess, Cecily is probably like, she gave it up after a year, I think.

And, you know, but, but Jimmy Fallon, he gets to do both.

But a lot of people are just stuck there behind the desk and they never get to do anything else.

Oh, right. But she, but no, but I mean, what you, I mean, when I was just doing pieces on it, like Cecily, I mean, what was funnier than her that Cecily character, the girl you stuck next to in a party.

Like, that's the perfect update piece to me. Yes, exactly.

And then, and then Lauren sees that and goes, why don't you actually be the one being the straight man in that instead?

And it's like, no, that's no fun.

Right, right, right. And I speak from experience being the straight man on this show.

Well, Colin, thank you for indulging me with so many SNL questions. I appreciate it. I mean, obviously you've done so much more in your career is so much more than just those things.

Yeah. And I mean, I think it's a lot more than just those few years that you spent on that show. But, you know, we're all fascinated with the the goings on behind the scene.

Yeah. And like I said, when I used to walk in there, that first two years, I walked in and I was like, I can't believe I'm walking into 30 Rock and go to work at SNL. You know, Colin, you your show Colin Quinn and friends at Parking Lot Comedy Show.

HBO Max, it's out now. The book is overstated. And I mean, bookstores aren't open, are they? I mean, some are probably in the country, but who knows? You can get it. Get it mailed to you. You know, go to an independent bookstore.

They're, they're happy to mail it.

We need to take a break. When we come back, we will have someone who works for the government. That's exciting.

Whoa. Yeah. You were blown away. Amazing. We're going to take a break. We'll be right back with more Colin Quinn.

More Comedy Bang Bang. We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang. We're back here. Colin Quinn, his show, Colin Quinn and friends at Parking Lot Comedy Show on HBO Max out right now. And I enjoyed it. So why shouldn't you?

You know, that's, that's a pull quote for you if you want.

Also, the book overstated is out and we need to get to our next guest. She works for the government. She's been on the show before. She's a park ranger. And she's one of our favorite guests. Please welcome back to the show, Marjorie Kershaw.

Oh, hi, Scott. Good to see you.

So good to see you.

This is where.

Oh, thank you. Yes. I am a little square. Yes.

Well, you know, and I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. You're in a little rectangle. Oh, gosh. You know, I hate not being precise, but you are in a parallel.

No matter how I slice it. Thank you. So, so you've become interested in geometrical shapes apparently since you have.

I have. I have. I have, actually, Scott. Oh, good.

Do you know why? Why is that? Well, because guess what? I got another transfer. Oh, yeah. By the way, this is Colin Quinn. Colin is a entertainer.

Hi, Colin. How are you?

Nice to see you. Marjorie, you've worked in a few different national parks over the years. Where did you start?

I started in Pinnacles, a newer park in California. And you can remember it has nature's jazz hand. It's a rock structure.

Well, you know, that's what I called it for fun. It's a it sort of sticks up in a fun way. It's a rock formation. You know, we have a lot of geological parks in the system.

And I got moved to Gates of the Arctic, the least visited park in our system, but you have to get there by plane. But we don't give you any official hike recommendations. So that's cute.

And then I went to and then I was at Dry Tortugas. Oh, Dry Tortugas. That's right. What was Dry Tortugas again? It's the turtle one, right?

It's a military base and oh, you can't camp there. That's cute. And I like we kind of got sidetracked and went on a treasure hunt. I think we went out and I tried to tour to this.

Right. And now I'm back in one of the newest additions to the national park system. We're up to 62 parks that are official national parks got not part of the MPS, which covers, you know, monuments, national forests.

Oh, of course we know this, right? You know all this. Yeah, we're all saying in unison, they had to mute them because it got confusing. Sure. And you know, well, it's a little controversial.

And I'm going to try to keep my opinions out of this because, you know, I believe in just being a steward of the service.

That's right. Margery believes Colin in the separation of church and state. She doesn't let her religious feelings color her commentary about the park.

That's right. Devout methods. But that's all I'll say. So the arch, the gateway to the west, the arch in St. Louis has become an official park as of 2018.

It has really. Yeah. And Colin, did you know this when you were writing your book about all these different states? No, I mentioned the arch quite, I mentioned it for a couple of pages actually.

What do you talk about? What do you talk about? What do you talk about it? Well, I'll just talk about how, you know, it's two ways you could look at it depending on how you view the country from above or below.

From the east to the west. No, more like ideologically, I think. Oh, sure. Yeah. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. What did the gateway to the west really mean?

Probably a bunch of bad things. But what's interesting about it, Scott, is that it is in fact, 17 feet at the top.

And it is also.

It's 17 feet to the top or at the top. That's the dimensions of the top. And get this the size of the windows are approximately seven by 27 inches.

Yeah, that's right. So pretty exciting stuff that I get to talk about now, Scott, that I've been transferred. And so that's why I said it is actually interesting to talk about geometry.

The capacity of the observation platform is a hundred to a hundred and forty persons. So that's a lot of fun for me.

Oh, yeah. You ever have to kick anyone off? Cause like it's at a hundred and forty four or anything like that.

Absolutely, Scott. You know, we have to be safe.

How do you kick someone off of the top of the arch? Like you can't just, you know, like throw them off. Oh, no, no, no, Scott. We don't let them in the elevator in the first place. We actually have a pretty significant radio system.

That's been fun for me because at the gates of the Arctic, at least I didn't get to radio any pals. And now I get to every day say, Hey, what are we at? Oh, no, I let up a family of five. Shoot. We're getting close.

Hold the law. And that's exciting. You know, it doesn't compare to the wonder of the natural world, but I was going to say it, you know, all three of the parks that you've worked at before, you know, they seem like these grand vistas with mountains and the earth and the sky. And now you're stuck in an elevator all day.

Yeah, and I'm trying to have a, you know, trying to have a good outlook on it, Scott. She's trying to see you see an opportunity. You seem down.

I would say getting into the National Park Service. You don't imagine standing at a big silver arch. You know, that's not why you're holding a clicker.

Yeah, that's a walkie-talkie. That sounds like something I would do if I was monitoring the line of Space Mountain.

You know, sure.

Was that a job that you at one point were considering pursuing or? Oh, being a cast member? Sure. Yeah, well, you know, the lingo. I mean, you know, I was a cast member.

So, Scott, you were a cast member? Yeah, I was backstage.

Yeah, all the lingo cast member. My mom was a cast member.

Where? Well, in the early 70s, she was a broom in a parade.

In the Bednobs and broomsticks? Fantastic. You know, the front where the brooms come to light.

Oh, yeah. She was a dancing broom and was, she was actually, she was given a little slap on the wrist for waving to her family because that's not how brooms behave.

OK, very interesting. So, yeah, I did consider it, obviously. Obviously, obviously. Colin, you ever go to Disneyland? I never have.

I can't imagine you there. I was once doing an MTV thing we did in Orlando, literally 10 blocks from Disneyland, and I still never went.

I don't know why I took a shot in the dark, assuming you'd never gone, but I just cannot see a Colin Quinn out of Disneyland. I've never even had a thought about going.

You don't think that maybe you would get in there and be sort of like, wow, look at this or, yeah, I want to go on that ride or anything like that? I don't even know. I don't even know what's in there.

Do you know any of the characters? Do you know who Mickey Mouse is? Yes. Why are you just going to call me out? My high school girlfriend lived right next to the cyclone.

I feel like I might have been spoiled by going on the cyclone a lot when I was in, you know, that's what you chose to do with your high school girlfriend.

Yeah. Well, you know, it was a big picture. OK. I see.

You know, I have to imagine there's a lot going on. Sure, of course. Well, Marjorie, I feel terrible for you. I mean, you, out of anyone who's ever been on this show, you're one of our most optimistic guests.

You're just a ray of sunshine, but now speaking of rays of sunshine, you're no longer able to see them for most of your day.

Well, yeah. And that's tough because even when I do see them, they are sort of violently reflected off of the metallic surface of the arch.

And we're not allowed to wear sunglasses as part of the official range. Oh, no. Why is that because people are unable to gauge your emotions?

You have to be able to make welcoming eye contact at all times, Scott. So it's a lot like being a cast member on Survivor. You know, I always think, boy, that's the only reason I couldn't go on that show because the sunglasses issue.

Yeah, no sunnies in there on those beaches all the time. So that's tough. But, you know, Scott, I've been at this is now my fourth park. So I, you know, I'm keeping my, I'm keeping a hope alive that one day, you know, I could end at one of the jewels.

I'm a giant, a Joshua tree, a glacier. At this point, I'd be cool with Indiana Dunes, one of the other newer parks, add to the official system.

I mean, this is bad for you, Marjorie, because like you, you know, a lot of people, when they get transferred, you know, like in Collins dream, they just like change floors in a big glass building.

So you have to pack up your entire existence and move to another state. Yeah. And usually, and right now I'm, I'm a, they don't provide, you know, sometimes in, in parks, there's a very cute ranger housing, we're all in little cabins together. I mean, it's a lot like being at summer camp, which is again, why I got into it.

You get excursions to go see Colin to stand up. Oh, oh my gosh, paper that room with Rangers and we'll be laughing, you know.

We will be laughing, especially if you have any, if you got any fun tanks on bees because Colin, what do you got on bees? You got anything, anything throughout your career on bees.

No, no, every other, a lot of insect humor, though. I do have a lot of insect jokes. Okay. Well, yeah, would you, would you take just another insect Marjorie or?

Oh sure, sure. Yeah, I just, you know, a lot of the viewpoints and vistas through our national parks. We do have to warn about bees. So that's why I love seeing them get boom roasted, even though obviously you need to protect them.

But I would take any insect joke for sure. But anyway, Scott here, we're, I'm just in an apartment that I get a small subsidy for. So there's, I don't have that sense of community. So, yeah, no, it's not the best.

Do you have, do you have like upstairs or downstairs neighbors? Yeah, I have both. Yeah. And the floors are quite thin. I'm getting broomed from both sides.

Just like your mom. Just like my mom. Boom roasted, by the way. Speaking of which, wow. So, and how can they make these floors so thin? I mean, I think they have to be kind of a regulation thickness, don't they?

No, I don't know. Yeah, pound for pound. These floorboards are not doing their job. I don't know. I tried to try to say, hey, you know, we're all walking here.

But, you know, especially during quarantine, people are home a lot more. And it's like, you know, I'm aware of, oh, I'm getting in the sense of, I think I understand, you know, Mr. Rafferty's patterns. He needs a snack at about 1130 because he does the walk and stands by the fridge.

And I can feel him. He sort of does a side to side shuffle, can't make up his mind. That's so funny because he knows what's in his fridge. You know, how long do you have to look at it?

So you are, you guys have, have been spending a lot of time together, but separate. Yeah. So you're really learning his patterns. Yeah. Well, that leads me to wonder. I mean, during quarantine, are people going to our national parks?

I can't imagine getting into an elevator and being up there on that 17 foot long top of the arch.

Yeah, I should say the elevators are currently closed, as is the courthouse, as is any indoor structure for COVID regulations, but you can still come and look at the shiny arch.

Yeah. So you could do that. I don't know. Colin, I mean, would you go just look at an arch? I mean, like, would people just go look at the Statue of Liberty if you couldn't climb up into her hat?

Yeah, no, I wouldn't. I wouldn't even go if you could climb up into the arch, to be honest with you. Yeah, you couldn't even pay me to do something like that as far as I'm concerned.

And well, I don't know. How much would you pay me to do it?

To come just look at it? Yeah. I pay you about 1750. That's what I have in an hour or that's what I have in my Venmo.

So, okay.

I like to try to let it build up. So then I like, you know, what's in your Venmo at all times. That's, that's a good way to live. Just in case you need to pack up and, you know, leave town. Exactly.

Exactly. Which you've had to do so many times, you know, traveling to these different parks. That's right. So, I mean, this, what a depressing time for our park workers. We really have to, to think about them these days. I mean, you know, I mean, you know, we're all depressed because we can't go to these parks, but it's really the people who love them and who, I mean, I know you don't love the elevator all that much, but you love the system in general.

Yeah, I like that I talked to another person, you know, even if it's just pretty mundane. Hey, how many I got this many. All right, we need to take a break.

Hey, what do you think about? Did you watch? Did you watch Love Island last summer? Hey, Marjorie, we need to keep this channel open. You know, so.

So you tested the boundaries there and ask for Love Island question and we're immediately shut down a team. Yeah, maybe not my strongest opening since also it was last summer and not everyone wants to watch 52 episodes of a British reality show because of course I'm referring to the British version.

Scott. Yeah, it doesn't sound like you're making any friends at all. No, no, but we'll get there. Scott, you know, I'm not worried. You know, you are, you know, you have such a positive mental outlook.

I mean, I think a PMO was I call it and it just, I, it pains me to hear the sort of depression setting into your voice. I mean, it's happening to a lot of us, you know, during quarantine, but I never assumed it would happen to you and I'm concerned about you.

Oh, that's so nice, Scott. It's so nice. No, you know, I think everything's going to be all right. And just this is a momentary setback. I do have a reoccurring dream, though, where I get transferred to a park that they just called doesn't matter.

And yeah, so I'm trying to work through that. But we'll see, you know, yeah, you ever have those dreams where you're, you have to give a big presentation. So someone would like to give a presentation about doesn't matter. And it's tough because it's no selling points.

He's just looking for things to talk about. That way sounds like this show.

Well, that's that's too bad. I feel bad. Let's let's go to a more optimistic topic. Dream SNL cast. You can pick seven and one has to do update. And it could be anyway, it doesn't have to be famous people. This could be people who with whom you've worked at the parks.

Oh, sure. Okay. All right. Oh, this is fun. Okay. I'm going to say, give me Buster Keaton. Give me, give me Goldie Han.

Okay. Give me.

Oh, this is great. I had one time this gentleman came to Pinnacles from Canada. And he asked me, so do you paint those rocks or what? So that that guy, yeah, he's doing update. Let me get. Oh, that's that guy's on update. Yeah. And then for sure.

And then, oh gosh, man, I wish there was someone who had good be jokes. Yeah, it's all right. Call it. I mean, is there any comedian who does be jokes? I mean, obviously Jerry Seinfeld did the whole be movie thing.

The movie. Yeah. No, I mean, I know somebody must have had be jokes. There's no way it was an ignored topic, but I can't think of it offhand. It's a big, it's a big area. Yeah.

When you think about it, there's been so many over the years. Bees. Bees. Yeah. You think we'd be talking about them all the time?

Yeah. Yeah. I remember when I was a little kid, this kid, Frankie Lefredo stabbed me with a bee that he thought was dead. And then it, it came on. Yeah. And stung him.

Oh, it's stung him. Okay. That's a happy ending. It's not a great story, but you know, it's a bee story.

All I have. So maybe maybe Jerry Seinfeld because of his bee movie affiliation. He can get it in there. Yeah, potentially. Maybe. I don't know. I don't know. I can't see that guy playing anything but himself. So I don't know if that's a super tough tile. Yeah.

So maybe that lady that Billy Eichner really loves that he goes back to all the time. There's that one older lady that he checks in with.

Does he call her because the title of the show, Billy on the street, implies that whoever is on the street is who he talks to. And then suddenly he's going back to people. I mean, in a place like New York City, it seems like it's almost impossible.

The Colin, I guess, like in New York City, you'll be walking along and you'll see a friend every once in a while.

But I mean, for him to get back to that person over and over. I mean, it seems like there's some sort of Tom Foolery there in regards to the show's production.

Yeah. It's like Quiz Show. Yeah. There should be a movie breaking down Billy on the street and how he's cheating. It comes to this woman.

Because the part that I care about of that is that it's on the street. You know, that's the part that I care about.

The Billy's fine, but the street on the street matters a lot.

Then probably Demia did you obey and that guy was dancing on that car.

He's recently taken on the melodica. So I feel like there's no end to what that guy can do. Sure. What am I at? Five.

Let's let's say you're at six and we'll get one more. And then Norm McDonald. Oh, okay. But not for update. But not for update. What's he gonna do?

No, he was a no be Donald. By the way, you're right because he would do the most underrated sketch. He would do Clint Eastwood. He did the best David Letterman. David Letterman.

Yeah.

I mean, he did these crazy impressions. So if he were untethered from the desk, you know, one can only imagine what he would be able to do. Sure. Sure. Yeah. These are good picks, Marjorie.

Does this make you feel a little better? Just going into your mind palace and unpacking that? Yeah, I feel great.

Scott, I know that obviously the next time we talk, I'm gonna get a different park. So, let's just be honest.

Next time you're on the show, you're moving. You're not long for this one. So it's just, you know, this is just a moment in time. And so I'm just trying to make the most of it.

And honestly, it's really rad to know that it's a big triangle. It's actually an equilateral triangle and it's outer width outside North Lake to outside South Lake is 192 meters. And I wanted to switch to the metric system there just because I believe in reaching to both sides.

So there you go. Well, I mean, do you get to say any of this stuff to people in the elevator? Are you pretty much just like saying, Hey, sorry, you know, we can only take two more or.

It's a lot of that, Scott. And, you know, it's not a long elevator ride. So maybe I picked my favorite. I usually lead with this is an equilateral triangle. Does anyone know what that means?

And how many people? What's the percentage of people who know what it means? I'd say it's an equal split between the size of the angles of the triangle.

Oh, no, no, I know what it means. I'm saying, what is the percentage of people who know what it means? Oh, I see. Oh, that was your way of answering me.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So it's, it's probably 60 degrees. Know what it is. 60 degrees. Don't know what it is. And 60 degrees are like, does it add up to 180? You know, got it.

Well, we need to take a break. Marjorie, can you stick around? Oh, I got nothing to do. Oh, wait, Mr. Rafferty. He's getting a snack.

We're going to come right back. We'll have more Colin Quinn, more Marjorie Kershaw. We'll be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang, we're back. We have Marjorie Kershaw, Park Ranger, over there at the Gateway to the West. We also have Colin Quinn, who's show Colin Quinn and friends, a parking lot comedy show is out on HBO Max right now.

And Colin, you were the director of this show. Can you talk about the frame rate and the how many images per second this you used on this show?

No, I really can't. I have no idea what it's called. Oh, dear. Oh, dear Scott Ockerman. I'm afraid. What happened?

That your reality has shifted.

You were just so boring that everyone on your show has simultaneously fallen asleep and entered my realm, the realm of the dreaming.

Oh my God, we're all asleep right now. We're dreaming. You were asleep. If anyone was listening to your show, they're hearing nothing but silence.

For you have entered the realm of the dreaming where I, Lord Morpheus, the King of Dreams, is, you know, in charge.

You really ran out. I couldn't think of a good word. But you know, at the end of that, I run the show here is what I'm trying to say.

That's what you're trying to charge. Morpheus, welcome back to the show. My pleasure. In a way, of course, I've never been on your show directly.

I'm not allowed to wake you on the show. Yeah, I only interact with people when they are asleep.

So I have been on your show when the guests are all asleep or I have interacted with people.

I've been reading you on the show because sometimes I've been so boring, I've put them to sleep.

Yes, my favorite times are when you have been so boring that everybody falls asleep so I get to interact with everyone who has been on that current show.

So yeah, this is one of those times and I would imagine there are several audience members who are asleep right now.

If any audience members are hearing me in this, they have also fallen asleep at this exact moment.

Oh, I know they're not driving.

That would be terrible. There probably will be accidents caused by this.

Yeah, maybe they're folding towels.

If they're folding towels, they might fall gently forward into the towels and just safely dream along.

I hope so. I hope they don't fall.

Well, me too. Paralously back.

Oh, yes.

If anybody was walking on a rope bridge and they were listening in their headphones with a podcast, they toppled over the side.

I cannot take responsibility for that. I am only responsible.

You're not the guy who tells people when to fall asleep.

You're the guy who's in charge when they fall asleep.

That's right. It's not my deal when they enter my realm.

Who's deal is that?

Oh, there's another person who's in charge of taking you over the threshold of dream.

His name is Thermos.

Thermos has become a silly sort of word in your culture.

He's one source company took it over.

Thermos co-opted that term, but Thermos used to be pretty grand.

He would not enjoy knowing what his name has come to.

He doesn't know this, really.

No, he doesn't have a sense of humor. He's a pain in the ass.

But he brings people over into the dream world. He decides.

You know, it's interesting because there's so much.

Is it interesting?

I'm not sure. He's out on that.

There's so much iconography when it comes to you, Morpheus, the sandman, of blowing sand into people's faces and making them fall asleep.

That's not what I do. That's not what I do.

Thermos does that. Thermos is blowing sand into people's faces.

He introduces the idea of counting sheep. I don't have anything to do with that.

Once people fall asleep, I take over.

I don't like the accusations that I make people fall asleep or that I bore people.

I've got nothing to do with that.

You don't like that.

You would prefer that all the pictures and the cartoons of that just be erased from history.

That should be erased. When it shows me, I should be having a clipboard, checking off nightmares, going over what emotions people are working with.

By the way, look around. You're in the dreaming. Look around you.

Your reality is currently soft. It bends to your emotions and will right now.

Oh my God, I can touch the air. You can feel the air if that is your wish.

Just like in a lucid dream, you have some control over the reality.

Colin Quinn, you'll see that you are not in your natural form.

You have become a grand and magnificent horse. Look at yourself.

Oh my God, look at you. You're manifesting as a horse and a magnificent one at that.

Look at the size of that horse's... You know what I'm saying?

Yes, his hooves. He has huge hooves.

Huge, huge hooves.

Thick hooves, but incredible.

I actually am glad that this happened because I have business with you.

What?

Or should I say, you have business with me in the dream world.

Oh!

The unresolved tension that we have to work out through your dreams.

Oh my God, is this about the presentation?

Yes.

You have a presentation that you must do and you must do it successfully in order to resolve this tension.

Oh!

Yeah, you got to... I hope you were listening.

I hope you weren't tuning out or like...

No!

You're involved in this.

Yes.

What is the presentation about that it's called?

Because a lot of... I'll explain this.

As the Lord of the Dreaming, if somebody is particularly stressed out, I take it upon myself to visit them and give them the dream or sometimes nightmare that will resolve and help fix whatever the tension is in their mind.

Dream sometimes are us working out our own problems.

Absolutely.

We'll awaken from them sometimes having a little bit more perspective upon them.

Sometimes I teach.

Thank you, Scott.

Yes.

Thank you for saying that.

Oh, actually, before we get into Colin's... Yes, Colin?

Oh, no.

She's going to bring up some other subject which is...

which I've suffered from, which is sleep apnea.

Is that part of your realm?

No, no, no.

That's another guy?

No, I'm not in charge of sleep apnea.

I get nothing to do with that.

That's another guy.

So you don't give it to someone?

I don't...

You don't take it away.

Is that thermos?

Is that thermos or not another guy?

It's not thermos.

It's another guy named Candelabra.

Candelabra?

Another name that did not mean Candelabra when he was named then.

Oh, do they name Candelabras?

The Candelabras we know now that hold candles after...

I assume Candelabra was a Zoroastrian God who was in charge of sleep apnea and people having trouble breathing while sleeping.

He's also in charge of snoring.

I got nothing to do with that.

People are trying to...

But a lot of times, yeah, great... my dreams will be interrupt because I can't breathe.

So it's related to the dream.

No.

Yeah, is that frustrating Morpheus to deal with Colin?

Like he's always in and out.

He's dipping in and out of the dream.

I'll be dealing with Colin's dreams and then suddenly Candelabra will give him sleep apnea and he wakes up and I can't finish what I was doing.

Yeah, and it's...

You know, Morpheus, that can be hard, but sometimes you need to remember that you're all on the sleep team.

You know, like it's hard when maybe you're in charge of what happens in the realm.

Another guy puts him to sleep.

You're not across purposes.

You're working together.

It's very tough to remember, Marjorie.

I do appreciate your positive outlook and your optimistic advice.

PMO.

What did you call it?

PMO, positive mental outlook.

Yeah, positive mental outlook.

PMO, we call that year in the dreaming too.

Well, Colin, you were in the middle of this dream where you had to give the presentation.

Do you remember what the presentation was for?

No, it was homeless.

I had bigger problems than the present.

I was actually...

My biggest problem with the presentation was going to be how I could present myself when I was in like urine soaked rags in a basement.

Well, you are a...

You are currently a homeless horse.

You are a horse covered in rags in a basement.

Look around you.

That is what you are.

Aren't all horses homeless?

I guess in a way...

They can't consider...

They consider stables to be like their jails, I think.

Yeah.

They are homeless and I guess they like it when they are homeless.

They prefer to be homeless.

Yeah, they are home when they are free.

And this is your dream, Scott.

This is your nightmare that you have to unravel.

You are a realtor.

Look at you.

Oh no!

Yellow Century 21 jacket.

Your finely-coiffed hair.

Your manila folder.

I could use my hair that way.

It looks great.

Take a look at it.

It's a little...

This is actually better than it usually looks like.

Fluffy and feathered, a little late 80s, but you know it's coming around again.

Yeah, I got to work through this.

You have to sell a home.

You have to sell a home that you don't want to do it.

You are guilty about doing it because you know you are...

Well you know what?

You know what?

I got a guy who is homeless here.

Why don't I sell him a home?

Hey Colin, you want to buy a home?

Yes, I would love to buy a lovely home.

It's got high ceilings because you are a very tall horse.

Instead of floors, it has just earth and grass.

Oh!

And it's got that indoor-outdoor feel, mainly outdoor.

It's confusing to me when people's dreams overlap, but I do allow it.

Yeah, we have five bathrooms.

Not that you would need them because I would imagine you are going to go outside.

I feel like you are selling me a stable in some way.

I mean it's zoned as a stable?

Certainly, but...

Scott, you are pretty good at this.

I am actually pretty impressed at your real durability.

I mean yeah, it's not a two-bedroom tutor, but it's a stable.

But what do I have to do to get you into this stable today?

To follow your heart, Colin, is this where you wish to be?

I wish to be...

Well, I used to have that 80s haircut actually.

I am the one who is actually from those days.

And I used to blow-drown my hair better extensively.

You did?

So I can...

Yeah.

Did you have to do your own hair on the remote control show?

I can't imagine they had a hair person.

That's a good quote.

No, I think they did have a hair person.

I can't remember.

But it was...

I think it was a good quote.

I feel like in this, I don't remember exactly what happened in this sub dreaming, but I feel like we were talking about a really boring, implausible show.

Did you wake us?

Shouldn't that have been thermos?

Yeah, I feel like it's a good job.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, don't sometimes if people are falling asleep, look, he's not around.

You were going to be asleep for out.

God damn it.

Well, I think he did it as a favor.

We were like traveling down that elevator, speaking of elevators and then I was like, oh, I'm going to be in the bathroom.

I'm going to be in the bathroom.

Norm McDonald level impersonation right there.

You might be in the dream cast.

Well, this is incredible.

Morpheus, I hate to say this, but when it comes to this program, we are running out of time.

I see.

I don't know how that affects the dream.

I mean, if your waking self wishes it enough, it is always possible for people to wake themselves up on someone.

Okay, well, we don't want to do that now because I would love to dream about a great feature on this show, one of our favorite features and one that a new guest certainly wants to participate in.

And that would be a little something called plugs.

Birds.

Wow, I know I dreamed that plugs theme because that was trippy.

I love it.

That was Morpheus.

Yeah, that's it right in here.

Yeah, well, I'm dreaming that that was called Birds, comma, then plugs and I'm dreaming it was by Brian B.

Maybe he's dreaming and submitted that to us.

Perhaps he is.

Wow.

Okay, well, let's look.

We're here in the dream world.

We can plug anything we want, anything we can dream of.

Yes.

By the way, Morpheus, a lot of people dreaming about Colin Quinn and Friends, a parking lot comedy show on HBO Max right now.

Let me check.

There are dreams about Colin Quinn doing stand up.

They don't know what to call it.

They're not sure of the name of it, but yes, there's dreams.

People misstand up, it seems.

They miss it.

Yeah.

Are there dreams about like, is rich, lost dreaming about how we did on that show?

He's pissed.

He's pissed off.

He's having a lot of stress and anxiety dreams in which he's punishing Colin Quinn.

Taking it out on Bonnie.

Yeah.

He's had it.

He's going through a lot, but everybody is.

He's not alone in that.

I don't know what's got anxiety these days.

Colin, what do you want to plug here?

This is the part on the show where you can plug anything, anything you can dream of.

Anything?

All right.

I want to plug BloodSport, which is on.

I've watched it.

I think it's on Showtime.

I think it is.

Yes.

I've seen it twice in the past month and a half.

I just think it's really great.

I mean, it's a little kitschy, of course, but the basic themes are pretty important.

So BloodSport, Jean-Claude Van Damme, 1988.

Sure.

Great.

Fantastic.

I've seen people dreaming of that movie.

Yeah.

A lot of people, especially since they got added back to Showtime.

Marjorie, anything you want to plug?

Yeah, you can listen to an improvised musical podcast called Off Book with Zach and Jess.

And I love the natural world and I love it being made into a cartoon.

You can watch a new cartoon called the Mighty Ones on Hulu or Peacock.

And it's about a little leaf and a little rock and a little berry and a little twig.

Oh, okay.

So obviously I'm into it, very natural.

Those are four of your biggest interests.

Four of my biggest.

Oh my gosh.

If a B shows up, I'm going to lose my mind.

But as the antagonist though, not as a protagonist.

Yeah, yeah.

You just be aware of Bs.

You treat them with on respect.

Is that interesting?

Be aware.

Like B is right there in the title.

It's right there.

Be aware.

The risking falling asleep back into the subdreaming.

Oh, no, I don't want to do that.

Okay.

You plug something.

You can plug something.

I'm going to.

Okay.

Normally I plug something of a young man named Will Hines, but he does so many projects.

It's hard to keep track of what he's doing.

I'm going to figure out what he's up to.

Occasionally he has a long dormant podcast that suddenly an episode will pop up.

That's right.

It's always taking me by surprise, if not the world.

He seems to manage his career almost as if he doesn't want to be more successful than he is the way he jumps around.

Some would say he's got a bit of an organization problem, but I'm going to make these things more.

He has an ADD of the career.

That's right.

ADHD about getting anything done in a linear way.

Whatever, I want to plug something that Will Hines has nothing to do with.

It's a podcast.

Is it blood sport?

Yeah, it's blood sport.

That movie is great.

It didn't get enough attention.

There's a podcast that two friends of my do, and it's so insane.

I almost hesitate to plug it, but I binged it this week.

So I'm going to recommend it.

It's called, what's that from?

It's two guys who just ask each other if they remember comedy sketches from the 90s.

They have an insanely encyclopedic knowledge.

They have nine episodes of over an hour each.

I couldn't stop listening to it.

They're just like, do you remember this?

They'll go, yes.

Then they'll quote something and then be like, that reminds me of this.

They quote insanely interesting.

Who are the friends?

Nate Smith and Jeff Garlock, friends of Will Hines's from the UCB Theater in New York.

I think I see people dreaming of all this.

I don't know it directly.

Me, Lord, Morpheus.

Maybe Will's dreaming about his friends, which is nice to do for friends.

He's dreaming about that.

He's dreaming of his friends.

This podcast, you've got to be a pretty big comedy fan, I think, to be an audience.

But I feel like people who dream and listen to this show would enjoy it.

What's that from?

I want to plug a show that I produced in a min, just hit Netflix.

We talked about it on the last episode, but it just came out on Netflix Wednesday.

So we're still within the seven day period, which really counts when it comes to watching things.

It's called Auntie Donna's Bigel House of Fun.

It stars the Australian sketch group Auntie Donna, really funny guys.

And it's a great show, six episodes.

You have guest stars like Paul F. Tompkins and Weird Al Yankovic and Tawny Newsom.

It's a really funny show.

I hope people watch it.

So get on that in the next few days if you could.

Okay, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you wanna close it up.

You lead with an L and then you O.

Oh, bring it up the plug bag.

Hold me up the bus.

Take your hand and open it up.

Then he'll raise your cost and then he just says.

Then you'll know that I'll do everything that's paradise.

Let's get on our live.

Let's get on our paradise.

Hold me up the plug bag.

Let's get on our drive.

Hold me up the plug bag.

Everybody wants your husband up the plug bag.

Hold me up the plug bag.

Oh boy, okay, well that ends plugs.

Guys, I think it's getting to that time where we may want to wake up.

Yes, you're fading away.

Goodbye.

Wait, wait, you're...

Bye, Morphe, is your love now.

I'm gonna love you.

Goodbye.

Oh, oh, oh my God.

Oh, God, I got so many eye boogers.

Morphe, are you awake?

Yeah, I'm awake.

Colin, wake up.

I am awake.

I'm sorry, I just wanted to shake you.

I can't go about the framerate.

Yeah, I asked the worst question about you directing something, Colin, and I think we all fell asleep.

Do you remember anything that's happened to us in the last 20 minutes?

No, but I feel like we almost did our plugs.

I dreamt that we did our plugs during the dream segment.

I think we did, yeah.

I dreamt.

I feel like you owe me money, Colin, for a...

Does this make sense of stable?

Yes, yes.

Okay, if you could just Venmo me that.

I know exactly what's in my Venmo right now, so I'd love to add to it.

Scott, I feel like maybe I didn't get to plug in the dreams.

Could I plug really quick?

I think it's on Showtime Bloodsport.

No, I think that was covered.

Okay, okay, okay, okay.

I'm not sure.

I don't remember me saying that.

Were we dreaming about Bloodsport for some reason?

I didn't remember saying it, so...

The saddest thing about Marjorie, when she...

Marjorie has subsidized housing, when I was in Orlando, when I didn't go to Disney World, we were shooting MTV, the remote control show, and we lived in these subsidized housing for Disney employees, and the first day we showed up, there was like a dog day afternoon siege with one of the people that went crazy, and I feel like it might have been the Mr.

Rafferty of 1989.

Oh, my goodness.

Wait a minute, are we back in the dream?

No, no.

Yes, you would fall asleep again.

Oh, no, Colin, you would fall asleep again.

I'm sorry.

I'm trying to wait.

It's thermos' job, but I'm trying to make it work.

We just got to end the show.

We're going to have to end it when we're asleep.

All right.

What is true?

I swear to God.

I know as true as it was, unfortunately.

So dream-wearing.

You fell back in the dreaming.

Yeah, all right.

Well, we'll see you on the next episode when we're all awake.

Colin, thanks so much for being on the show.

Thanks, Scott.

And no, not yet.

Now, I'm calling things by what's in my life.

It's raining.

I have a former guest.

Marjorie, great to talk to you.

Morphe is great to talk to you.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
