♪♪♪ Rain, rain, go away. I'm jerking outdoors to 50 Shades of Grey. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Euripides shorts for that. Oh, welcome back Euripides shorts, catchphrase superstar or catchphrase superstars. I don't know exactly his or her pronouns, but welcome back Euripides shorts to catchphrase Hall of Fame and welcome to you for listening to another episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

I always like to welcome people for listening to the show.

My name is Scott Ockerman and we are doing Comedy Bang Bang once again. Mid-Navi Doggy, this is Thanksgiving Week. We are approximately four days away from that esteemed holiday where people give thanks to their ancestors and as well as I would imagine their loved ones and perhaps even some of the haters out there. I'd love to thank the haters this year. That's what I would love to do this Thanksgiving week and I'm sure some of you are listening and speaking of listening, if you are listening, we have a great show for you.

We have a, come here a little later, we have a chef. We also have a radio personality and we have two podcast personalities. I guess you would describe them as us although they've done other things as well. But before we get to the other guests, why don't we get to our first guest? That's usually the way talk shows go. You get to the first guest and then you get to the other guests.

Why don't we get to them right now? They are the aforementioned podcast hosts or hostesses.

We'll ask them what they prefer, whether they prefer to be called hostesses. Although it's very weird to be considered yourself to be a hostess of a podcast. It's like, you know, when you're, I guess when you're a hostess at a restaurant, it's like you seat the people before the main person comes in. But I think that would be interesting to have hostesses and hosts for the podcast. I guess, although I am a host. Anyway, we're getting way off track here. They have a new podcast called Add to Cart and which they are doing together. This is their first collaboration and I would have mentioned their first collabo as well. And you know one of them from MTV News and as a journalist and you know the other one as my ex-girlfriend, please welcome to the show Sujin Pak and Kula Vilaisak. Hello guys. Hello Scott.

Well, hello indeed. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Kula, you are making your, I believe you've been on the show before. Is that correct? Yeah, I would hope you would remember every time that I've done anything. I've cataloged it in my mind. And that number is? I have not gone to my mind palace yet to access that information. But at some point I shall. And Sujin, you are a first timer on the show. Is that correct? You are laughing at something. I'm not quite sure what it is. It can't be me. I'm laughing at your mind palace and how big it is.

Thank you. That's what she said. I don't know. Boy, am I allowed to do that joke in front of you? I'm not quite sure. It's never stopped you before.

Oh, that's right. But yes, it is my first time. You don't have to go into the palace for that.

I'm excited. I'm nervous. I'm just a buzz with emotion, if you will.

Okay. So and hopefully all of those emotions are pleasant.

If at the very least anticipatory.

Since you have not been on the show before Sujin, let's talk to you exclusively.

Hey. I'm giving the stiff arm over here to cool up. He's literally doing it, you guys.

You look, we all, when we were babies, I think when I was six years old, you burst onto the scene as one of the journalists on MTV News, you would come come on the air at approximately five to the hour, every hour, and you would talk about REM, whatever REM was up to.

REM. And or Nirvana, I have no idea who you were talking about at the time. I was six years old.

No, she's younger than you are. What? I don't think so. I'm 29. And tell us about that for people who remember this in the hazy fog of their memories. Tell us about being a music television journalist or video journalist. I'm not quite sure what the delineation was.

Wow. That's a, there's, that's a lot to chew on there. Tell us everything about it.

Leave no detail. No detail. Well, let me sort of correct you, but oh, so gently.

It less, less REM and more Britney Spears and in sync. So I need that to be the context in which we remember my time. Okay. So you're not Tabitha Sorin? No.

Okay. Totally different. My hair color is different as okay. So you were reporting on more than the 2000s, the boy bands and the boy bands.

Yes. Yes. The pop era. And what were they? They were up to a lot of, you know, some, I don't want to, you know, make light of mental breakdowns and shaving of heads and that sort of thing, but you'll remember some incident. Justin Timberlake, he used to have those curly locks and then suddenly he shaved them off, circa his first solo album and everyone thought he was a hunk. Well, I always thought he was a hunk with the curly locks and the, the gene tuxedo matching with his girlfriend. If you remember that, you fluff coming down the VMAs. So, um, yeah, it was, it was just a fun, poppy drunken time. You know, it was MTV.

It was, um, You were drunk on the job consistently. Is that what I'm getting from this?

Mostly everybody else was drunk, but, you know, I was drunk with Glee, you know, to be there and so honored to be a part of that. Were you and are you interested in music? I'll take either or.

No, still I'm not. Yeah. So really? So all of the notes, let's go through them. Do. Right. So, not wasn't interested in music and still no, no, no, not. I can't.

You're a police red? No, not even that. So you used to not for the subject matters upon which you were reporting. Well, well, I enjoyed pop culture and I and I enjoyed celebrity culture and I enjoyed youth culture music. I grew up in a scientist. Can I tell you that? Thank you. I grew up in a very, um, devout, born again, Christian, Korean, um, household where secular music was not allowed.

So I run a C K. Maybe got back. Maybe if you're five, too.

Yeah. Yeah. And so, uh, music came late to me, but I've, I've, I've slowly warmed up to it and it seems to be a good thing. It seems.

So all these warm, yeah, it seems like it people enjoy it.

So when you were working in the halls of music television, would you be constantly saying, turn that shit down? What's that noise? Um, I mean, in my head, I wouldn't say it out loud, but yeah, I was probably thinking that which is, which is probably why I scowled through most of my days at MTV. I like to think that people use that as here she is a very serious journalist, taking this very much more seriously than the drunk people around her, but it was mostly turned that shit down. That's what that was.

You're the, you're the second guest in his many weeks to note the fact that they scowled consistently in their on camera appearances. Colin Quinn last week was talking about his weekend update tenure and how he, uh, scowled doing all the jokes as to not make any of Norm McDonald's fans think that he was the usurper to the throne. And you are scowling because you just hate everything you're talking about and everyone around you and everything. Kind of. And you know what?

I have to say that pretty much sums up who I am. Cool up. I don't think you disagree that that's yeah, that's why the hanglist is. That's an expert journalist trying to get the other guest involved. I really appreciate your, uh, your canny savvy with those two journalistic skills. Yeah.

But again, I'm going to have to stiff arm her because, uh, to my neck, you guys, it's very uncomfortable.

Back. And what have you been up to since your days on the job? You then became, uh, uh, I don't want to say real journalist. Fuck it. I'll say it. Real journalist. No, not even that.

No. Um, I left there and just did lots of, you know, here and there. Yes. Some real journalism, some less journalism. Um, I considered to be less journalism. Listen, let's say there could be a significant amount of time talking about sparkly makeup trends and, um, maybe I may or may not have talked about, um, hair products and sold some of that. Okay.

Yeah. All right. So you're not interested in sparkly makeup trends. I mean, I am, but I would, I would say that that was journalism light, you know, we put it with a very small. Something you're interested in, but it's not, it's not something that you would, I mean, would, would win you a Pulitzer. Although do they have publishers for makeup? No, they should, but we will be talking about the stuff on our podcast. So it's, this is when we have women on the show. I'm always interested because I learn new things.

Are there polluters for makeup? I really got to have more women on the show so I can ask more questions like this. I'm fascinated by the way. When you start off with the host and host dis conversation, it's a real welcoming warm bath. I was at the table. Yes. Of course.

Are you considering yourselves to be a hostess of your podcast? Why don't you just ask me questions like if dinner and I could tell you about being a lady. Is that something we can do tonight? Maybe? Okay. I'll tell you tell me if you are willing to tell me about being a lady. I'm all years, as they say. So you guys, uh, cool up. We know what you've been up to. I think you were on the show about a year ago. Anything happened since then?

Uh, quarantine being stuck with you.

Yeah, covers it probably. So then you guys, uh, we're all caught up on both of you.

You're the worst. So then, then you guys decided to come together in a sort of super groupus of podcasting podcast-es-es? No. No one says that. Okay. I don't know. I don't know how to call these things the right thing. Um, but you guys decided to come together almost like the Justice League of podcasts. Yeah. If the Justice League were only, I don't know, Aquaman and the Adam, uh, to form. That's not a slam, is it? I'm not sure yet. I'll get back to you.

To form a tight combo of doing a podcast now and it's called Add to Cart, which I'm assuming is a super market sweep, watch along podcast. Tell us everything about this. Well, it's a podcast on limonata. Uh, your past guests, Stephanie Whittle's wax. Uh, that's her network. She has her last name as a verb. Yes, baby. I love it when someone's last name is a verb. I, I, I very much enjoy that.

I didn't know that about you. Wow. 22 years later, you get to know someone, you know, guys.

So she started her own competing network, which we will crush with Jess. And now that I'm finding out that you're on this, uh, I'm really regretting having you on. I didn't tell you. I didn't tell you. I didn't, I didn't hear anything about this. I just assumed when you said podcast, I just assumed, well, that's a dear wolf. Obviously. Ah, it's not.

It's not at all. I never actually brought that up. In fact, I'm interesting. Yeah. Sorry.

Sorry. So it's a pack. Uh, Stephanie started with Jessica Cordova Kramer and our podcast is called at the cart and it's a show about all the things that we buy and buy into and what that says about who we are.

Scotty. So you've done probably, I would guess four interviews because you rattled that off like really, really well. That's exactly right. A lot of people that I get on this show, soon to let me maybe you've had this experience over there at MTV. I would get guests who this was their very first interview ever and they have no idea how to say what they're going to say. So they just ramble on and on and on about whatever their thing is trying to formulate whatever it is. It's like the first time anyone has ever asked them a question about it, but man, that was good. You just like, later, how many interviews have you done about this show at this point? Your spot on, Scott. I believe for. Fantastic. Less than five for sure. Okay. So approximately more than three, less than five, right, right in there, right? Do you have anything to add to this card about what ad card is about? No, I mean, I think she said everything. I think what I what we both find really interesting is when you ask people maybe the last purchase or the strangest purchase that they've made during quarantine or the one purchase that they're too ashamed to admit to other people that they buy in bulk, whatever that is often says a lot about who we are and our mind frame. I see. So are you having guests on the show every week or is it just the two of you talking? What you said you ask people maybe you're referring to cool up. I have no idea. Are you angling to be a guest? I mean, I'm a little offended that I have not been asked rather. I'm a, you know, I'm on Mount Podmore for Christ's sake. Is that a real thing? It's me, Mark Marin, Conan O'Brien, and whoever hosted cereal. I've never listened.

That's sweet. Now we, it's going to be mainly be means who, general of occasional guests.

So you're really going to get to take a drink in the middle of that answer, expecting it to be longer and then was taken aback by how short it was. Had to put it down. So hardly ever any guests, it's just the two of you. Cool up. You were the one of the hosts of Who Charted.

That's right. One of the earliest podcasts in existence.

Number four.

You covered some, I mean, that was pop culture based. This is pop culture in nature, but it's about more than that, right? Is it about sparkly makeup as well? Yes, but see, the difference is that that show was about charts and this show is about carts and there's a difference of one letter and that letter is H. Okay, so you don't like H's.

Interesting. And how often does this show come out every Tuesday, once a week? One time every one week. Yes. That's how you say that. And it comes out on Tuesdays and how long, what is this, a limited series? Is it going forever until the end of the world, until the riots bring down the government? How long is this going?

Half the apocalypse. That's about one through half. Okay, so you'll keep going.

Even when zombies are storming the gates and... Hey, as long as we have that whiffy, we'll keep it going. Right, Tuchin? Right. Whiffy. Tuchy is giving you the, I have no idea what you're talking about, but I'm going to cosign look, which is the mark of a great host or co-host rather. Do you consider yourself to be the co-host or the host, Tuchin? I think both of us consider ourselves to be the masters of our own universe. You pronounce it universe. Oh, sorry. I often put a T at the end of my words, but I take that back. So masters of the universe. Yes. So something like that. I don't know. I know you're playing with a lot of these titles and I enjoy listening to that. So...

The reviews are in. Wow. Five stars for Scott's cadence. I would like more guests to come on this show and tell me how I'm doing. You know, it's a breath of fresh air. I really enjoyed that. Thank you so much. Well, the show came out last week. Is that correct? The first episode? Yes. And we have another episode tomorrow so people can get in early and often. We'll be talking about this holiday that you were speaking about. Thanksgiving. Thanksgiving.

And you'll be talking about that on your second episode and people can subscribe wherever they get podcasts and I pray they get them somewhere. Anything else you want to say about this show or is this topic at its end?

You don't want to hear anything about what's going on with me? Like you... I know everything.

We've been trapped with each other for eight months. There's no stone left unturned. At this point.

What do you want the listeners to know? I'll give you 20 seconds. You know, I've been building things with Legos during this quarantine. Thanks for asking.

James Bond car. That's right. Now sitting on our mantle. Don't forget the Fast and Furious car that's sitting on our other mantle. A classy touch. But no one's coming by. So, you know, just remeing you. Well, that's it for cool up in quarantine.

All right. That's your Lego cars. That is 20 seconds. All right. Well, guys, we need to take a break if that's okay. But we...

This is an exciting, exciting show.

Sujin, you've never been on the show before. I have to warn you that our booking process...

I got it safe for the last 10 years. I think I need a new booking person because I...

The guests on the show, and present company excluded, of course. But the guests on this show are pretty poor quality. And they tend to have terrible ideas. And, you know, because this is the show where we talk to interesting people. I don't know whether... By the way, you cannot steal that because that is comedy-banging. As well as being humanity's podcast, you cannot steal that as well. Well, you... Did you trademark it? Oh, boy. Look up there. Yikes.

Add to cart, humanity's podcast. Oh, no!

I've been add to carted? Oh, man. You guys are a prank show, right? Where you just steal people's things and then add them to your cart. In any case, we have some guests coming up. We have a radio personality and we have a chef. So are you excited to talk to these people? Absolutely.

Okay. Well, are you interested in eating food or listening to the role while we covered the radio? But maybe they don't play music. Yeah. And maybe they'll change my mind. Like I said, I'm warming up to the idea. So you listen every song. You listen in the frame of mind of like, all right, change my mind about this. Sure. Try me. Yeah.

Try me. All right. Well, we're going to try everyone with our guests coming up. We need to take a break.

When we come back, we will have the chef, the radio DJ will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this. Comedy bang bang, we're back here. We have the stars. It's weird to call people on a podcast stars, but the stars of the podcast add to cart. We have cool, Avi Lysok and Sushin Pak and they are the dynamic duo of podcasting bursting onto the scene with their new podcast that has been taking the nation by storm. By the way, you guys are probably going to, and it's probably already happening by the time this has come out, but you're going to be crowing about like how high you are on the charts of podcasts.

That's a fake thing. The charts are fake. Everyone who has a new podcast, they're always like, I made it to number four. I made it to number one. It's all it's fake. It's based on new listeners.

It's an algorithm is based on new listenership. Anyway, so don't pay too much attention.

Chart is a chart. I spent seven years really learning about charts and I'll let you know a chart is a chart. They got to have payola for podcasts. I'm sick of being so low on the charts. Anyway, oh, it's about you. Yes, everything is about this show is me, but turning to people who aren't me, we do need to get to my experience. We talked about the radio. She is a radio personality.

In fact, I believe a disc jockey. Please welcome first time on the show. Please welcome Anaconda.

Hello, hello, welcome. Everyone, you're tuning in to 97.1am smooth jazz.

Oh, oh, hi. I didn't. I think you're on my show, actually.

I don't think that we're tuning in.

It's actually my show now, bitch. We're on your show now?

Yeah, this is my show now.

Okay. Well, thank you so much for having us.

I didn't mean to call you a bitch, Scott.

Did you just call me a bitch? I did call you a bitch.

Yes, I missed it. It was so smooth.

It was so heavy. You've been called a bitch so smoothly.

No, well, usually it's very, it's a little too aggressively for my tastes.

I appreciate it. How smooth that was. It really went down well.

Yeah. Yeah. I'd like to swallow that. Yeah. Yeah. So, Scott, I don't mean I'm not an aggressive person. So, you're not okay. You seem very smooth in nature.

And that perhaps that translates to the type of music you play on your show. It sounds like you play smooth jazz.

Is that right? I just play some smooth jazz. Sometimes I just do talking and we call it smooth jazz. I think the sound of my voice is smooth jazz.

Call me crazy, but at least you're calling. All right. It's really great to have you. You take colors on your show?

Sometimes, sometimes, Scott, but this is my show now. You say it's previously.

I'm sorry. I don't mean to take over. Do you want me to take a back seat?

Is that, you know, I want you to get out of the car. All right. Well, you better pull over first.

If you know, how far do you want to take this metaphor? I'm not quite sure.

Scott, I don't want to take it any further. I don't want to take it. I think we should.

Let's put the brakes on that metaphor. Am I right? I think we should actually unbuckle here.

All right. I'm done with that. Scott, I'm here to confront you. Thank you for having me on. I know you said your bookers have been a problem, but I'd have to say they're a blessing to me.

Yeah. Confront me about what? We've never met, have we? I don't believe so.

No, but I follow you on the gram. I follow you on the gram.

I see.

I'm very active on Instagram, putting approximately one post up a week about whatever show I've done.

Yeah. And that's what I see. I clock it once a week. You post about this show. And I have to say, you are part of the problem. Your show is the reason radio was dying.

And I can't hear what is radio disc jockeys. We don't even call ourselves that anymore, Scott.

But yeah, I came here on behalf of them to say cease and desist.

OK. What exactly is the problem just with my show or podcast in general are putting radio out of business? Podcast in general are putting. OK. So are you going on every podcast or show? Are you just starting with the people on Mount Podmore? Mount Podmore.

OK. This guy's feeling himself.

You know, you said it. Your bookers. Your bookers are bad.

I reached out to everyone who hosts a podcast in the world. OK. And my bookers, the only one who took you? Your bookers. I made it very clear what my invention was. And your way you told them that you were going to confront me.

The minute you got on air, and they let you through it.

What is going on?

They let me through, Scott, you have you've been dining with Judas. Oh, Scott. All right.

Anyway, anyway, so you've moved on from that. OK. And anyway is usually a reset. I use it quite often, too. So we have a lot in common. And anyway is usually a hard pivot to another subject.

So you're going somewhere else. Go ahead. How did you get started in podcasting?

Well, I started in radio myself, and then I figured out it was dying. And so I made a left turn into podcasting lane and have been driving down that street at 35 miles an hour for approximately 10 years at this point. I just want to respond to that with an FU and there was a dig in there.

And are you going to continue spelling that or just stopping at FU? Actually, I will. I will.

Go ahead. F U C K T Y O U T T. Yes. OK, Scott, you know, I think what you guys are doing with this whole podcasting. Anyone can be a podcaster. I think it's a problem. I think it's a problem.

Look, I'm on behalf. Yeah, I agree. I agree because quite honestly, I don't think anyone needs any more podcasts. I think that the cutoff should have been approximately 10 days ago, and there should have been no, no new podcasts after that. And, you know, I mean, look, it's too easy nowadays.

I mean, when I started podcasting, you had to really want it. No, you know what I mean? You had to, you in order to put them up, you had to really know how to access a hosting site. And in order to listen to them, you had to figure out iTunes and you had to sync it to your iPod, the clickwheel iPod. I mean, you had to really want it. Now anyone can just do anything they want.

OK, so what do you fancy yourself some sort of pioneer? Let me tell you something about when I started radio hosting on 97.1, Smith Jazz. I started in the records room. I was going through records pouring through them. Is that where they kept the vinyl records or is this where they kept the records of like everyone's employment? Everyone's employment. I actually booked an HR. I didn't work and worked in HR. Most people don't call me out on that.

Well, OK, Scott, I like what you're doing.

Just wondering what you're doing here. You get specific.

Yeah. And so I started in the records room. I took petty complaints. Just petty or is this complaints about an employee named Patty?

These were actually well, we did have an employee named Patty. We had one named Patty and one named Patty and it was quite a problem because they host two different shows at the station and Patty wanted Patty to go by a different name, perhaps her surname.

So it was to create less confusion.

But you don't want to hear that. Patty would have the surname or no, Patty would have the surname.

I know that no, but Patty found her name to be more interesting, but I don't want to bore you and your listeners with tales of the past. But I do want to say that I take radio hosting very seriously. Why did you bring up being in the records room?

Because I want people to know that it seemed to go nowhere. Well, you know, Scott Scott, you know, people don't understand that being a radio DJ and tells way more than just listening to music talking on a microphone.

Yeah, sometimes you're doing the dirty work. You're getting in there with the pages, getting in there hearing people's complaints. So you probably respond to this. You, I mean, when you were at MTV, you had to do the dirty work. You had to, you know, roll up your sleeves and put a little elbow grease into this. So you must be relating very hard to this.

No, I mean, I first of all, Anaconda, I'm a huge fan. Thank you. I less of your music and more of your voice. I don't do music. I don't do music. Okay. But thank you. Thank you so much.

And so I appreciate that. But I didn't do heavy lifting at MTV. I had a pretty, pretty easy ride.

And so I appreciate all the heavy lifting you did in the record. Thank you so much, Snooch, and for acknowledging the work that I've done. Now, I just have to clear something up.

You say you worked at MTV and it, this is news to me. It was not known as M TV.

You thought, you thought it was M TV. I think that would imply there was more than one M in that.

That would be like triple M at the very least, I would think, because just two M TV.

Well, you know, Scott, as a person who is an OG.

Which I would watch. It's not as a person who is an OG radio host. You know, when TV became a thing.

I thought that was an AUG radio host.

No, no, no. I mean that too, I suppose in podcasting you guys consider OG to be AUG.

But no, no, no. I say you have a very nasal voice to be a radio personality.

I post nasal drip. Yeah. Well, you do. Yeah.

So you're, because it sounds to me like you have pre nasal drip to me. But I'm not a doctor.

Yeah. Well, well, I hope to earn an honorary doctor at some point like our dear departed William H. Cosby. No, okay. So you want to be like Cosby. I wouldn't love for this to be an official place where you say you Scott Ockermann want to be just like Cosby.

In that respect, I would love to be like him. Okay.

We can pick and choose the aspects of Cosby that we want to be like.

My aim here is to get you canceled and you're making it too easy.

Well, you came on here to cancel me? Yeah.

To cancel me. I love cancel culture. Yeah, I do. I do.

It's a big problem with me. That's the only thing, honestly, in the podcasting world.

And the reason, again, I do want to just explain what I believed because I'm not stupid.

Okay. I just want to say I'm not stupid.

I would love for all of our guests to announce if they're stupid or not.

At the very beginning of their inner story. Okay. Well, you start you start stupid or not.

Quite frankly, I think I'm stupid. All right.

The Stevie love it. Cool. I'm not stupid. No. Okay. And is it too?

Stupid or not? I would say I'm more stupid than not stupid.

Okay. Well, you got to pick one. You got to pick one.

Is she much like I am with Cosby and his doctorate is just picking parts of what she want? Nothing to do with the Cosby Scott. You're not going to do with Cosby.

Yeah. No. You would not want to be a doctor. No, no. I don't know where you're leading me with this. I don't want to go. I'm shutting the door. I am closing the door. Did you go to did you go to college somewhere, Succhen? I did. And if they were to call you up and say, we want to offer you an honorary doctorate. Oh, boy. You would pass because Bill Cosby wants to quan. Yes. Exactly. That's exactly what I would say.

If they presented it like that, I think she can say no.

Well, I mean, Succhen, I have a question.

Would you you wouldn't want to be married to a lawyer? You'd never want to be married to a lawyer in under no circumstance. I never thought about it. I mean, I I never want to have a son named Theo or a daughter Denise. No, none of those things sound appealing to me at all.

A daughter Denise who thinks she wants to be a fashion designer and wants to go to a sting concert?

No, no. Go in, Scott. Definitely not. Keep going, Scott.

You'd never want Stevie Wonder to visit your house and sing jammin' on the one? Oh, my God.

You're doing great, Scott. I just have to say, I think what you're doing is awesome today.

Hey, are we teaming up now? No, I don't want anything to do with you. I think you suck.

But you're doing a great job. You're doing a great job. But again, I do want to just circle back.

Sujan, the reason I thought it was in TV is not because I'm stupid. It's just that when I coming up as an OG jazz radio, television became a new medium as well. And you know, there was a lot of excitement around it. Wait a minute, how old are you? Because television has been around since the 1930s. Scott, you three things you never do. Pop your eyes in the 50s.

Okay. Scott, three things you never do to a woman. Okay, I'm going to need to take notes. Hold on.

This may come up at dinner. Cool. Get your pencil out. Get your little pencil out.

Wait, I'm not going to Jeffrey tooben this zoom meeting if that's what you're asking me to do.

Oh my gosh. Oh my gosh. Cool up. Get your husband. I I'm so sorry, but also thank you for doing this lesson.

Yeah.

Scum trays. What are the three things? What are the three things?

You never ask a woman her age. Okay. You never go in a purse.

You never kiss her on the lips.

Either set. Either set, Scott. Either. I just want to clarify. Did you say purse or?

That's the question. Did I say purse or pussy? Well, it depends. I do consider my pussy a purse, but that's not your business. It's nature's coin purse. It is a coin purse. I do keep quarters up there. Anyway, anyway, I didn't come here to talk about my purse. Nature's safe deposit box.

It does keep babies up there. I mean, it keeps babies for some time. For some time, right?

It's like if a safety deposit box expelled everything that was in it after nine months.

Yeah. Well, you know, Scott, I like that. Scott, that's actually just shot it out into the into the vault. Scott, I don't think you're a bitch, but that's awesome. I'm just okay. But you know, try me. I'm going to get you to change your mind about being here today. Your booker who chef Kev is it or Kevin? I don't know. Yeah, I'm not quite sure. You don't know what chef Kevin does.

I don't think it's the booking. Okay, but he also doesn't cook either.

But anyway, thanks for tuning in from to the 97.1 Smith Jazz. I'm here to get you can't reset and reset. Yeah. So I'm here to get you so I think part of the problem is you guys don't have a respect in the podcasting space for radio disjockeys any longer. And I think then part of your demands. I mean, we view you as as dinosaurs, not in the Jurassic Park sense of like, oh, look how cool those are more in the sense of you're going to be extinct at a certain points.

And podcasts are the asteroid that is going to cause that.

Okay, bitch, you wish. All right.

I just I want to say something that's really important here to sitting by the way, you can just say whatever you want. You don't have to announce that you want to say something.

I think we're getting. I just want to make that clear. I think we're actually getting a call.

All right, let's go to a call. I think we're actually I'm not going to take the call.

I just like to announce we're getting a call. All right.

Okay, great. So I actually for wanting the opportunity to have children because I'm so committed to doing what I do for work here.

Also, it sounds like you're about 110 years old. Scott, what did I just tell your ass?

I'm not asking. I'm just guessing. And I'm certainly not going in your push.

Okay, don't go in my push. Don't ask my age. And don't kiss me on my lips. Either set.

Okay, yeah, we each have it. You got two lips. If you're a lady, you got two sets, two sets.

All right. But anyway, no, I'm not going to tell you how old I am. I'm not going to do that because I don't want to age myself here. But I just want to say I was around for a while.

You're either very old or you were surprised by televisions, which had been around for decades.

You know what Scott, is this going to make you happy to hear I'm old?

Yes, it would make me very high. I love to hear when anyone is older than me.

Is it your? You're so happy right now. The odds just every year that passes, more and more people are born and more and more people die and usually the people who are dying are older than me.

And they're not, although, you know, quite often a lot of times it's people who are younger than me dying. I don't know. I don't know what the odds are. I don't know what the hell you're talking about. I'm going to be honest with you. I'm not tracking. I'm not following because I came here with one thing in mind. Let me tell you something. I'm so committed to the radio space that I changed my name, my name Anaconda. What is your Christian name? I'm not a Christian.

I think are you a religious person? Is this a Christian program? Let me ask you to ask that.

You know what? It is a mutant ninja teenage turtles. I may be mixing up some of those.

It is a program devoted to that normally, but it's not about Christ.

Okay. Well, then in that case, I can speak freely. Okay. I just want to say.

That's the way I, okay. I, Scott, I'm going to Scott, I'm going to tell you right now, you're seconds away from getting canceled on your own show.

The ultimate indignity to get canceled on your own show.

You can get canceled by your show.

I mean, there was this gentleman who was hired to be on a late night television program who was on a podcast and that got him canceled. Where? Tell me more. Tell me more about that.

But you're tuning in to 97.1 smooth jazz. My name is Anaconda.

I've got Scott Aukerman here today to tell me about a young man on a late night show, perhaps let go. It was a show that was, it's kind of false advertising because it says that it's on Saturday nights when approximately two thirds of the program is on Sunday mornings.

He was canceled by his own podcast, but not on his podcast.

I think that would have been funny if like that program had come on to his podcast just to tell him he was canceled.

The entire cast of that program kind of come on.

That was just the most like they're doing the good nights.

Alec Baldwin's holding up a sign saying you're fired.

Scott Aukerman, I have to say you were one sick bitch.

I have to say with all due respect, because you, I'm only cussing because you've been, you've been for me. This is not a Christian program. All right.

Okay. I appreciate that.

The only reason I'm casting. I don't want to explain here.

With the times changing so quickly, podcasting picking up, I changed my name to try to keep up with the times. You see, but I think I did it wrong or something. My name was originally Anaconda.

Oh, like Marie Kondo?

With a C though.

Okay. She's with a K.

Yeah.

The condominium, but sure.

Yeah. Exactly.

So like weird Al is going to buy me a condo.

Condo, because my last name is actually Spanish for apartment.

Oh, okay.

I changed it.

Yeah. Yeah. This is learn something for one.

So your name was Anna Kondo.

Anna Kondo.

And you changed it to Anna Konda.

Anna Konda, because I was trying to keep up with the times.

What were the times you were trying?

I'm trying to think of any time in the last 50 years or so where Anna Kondas were in the news.

Well, there was a song by an artist, maybe you know.

Of course there's, yeah. So the baby got back.

My Anna Konda don't want none.

Son, unless you've got Bon's, hon.

Do you ever do a report on that song, Succhen?

No, and thank you for that.

That was like the, the typewriter and then suddenly Succhen's on her TV saying, baby got back is in the news again for being still awesome.

Yeah. I don't ever recall that script coming across my desk, but I.

So you would just read what you.

Yeah.

Yeah. I actually write these scripts.

No, no, I told you I'm, I'm mostly stupid.

Yeah.

So you were like, you were like an actress.

Okay, sure, sure.

I like to call myself a great reader, but I suppose there was some acting involved.

Yeah.

All right.

Very good.

That's awesome, Succhen.

Well, Scott, it seems I've succeeded in canceling.

It seems like you've run out of steam.

Is that safe to say?

I've run out of steam.

No, I don't.

Which is an old expression that maybe came about when you were born, when steam engines were all the rage.

You don't fucking know how old I am, Scott.

I can't tell.

That's the thing.

I can't tell whether you're really old or you're just a person who is surprised by television.

You can't tell because black don't crack.

And yeah, I am black.

I'm going to, this is a moment for me to reveal.

This is okay.

I don't like to ask our guests what.

I thought you were going to say you don't like black people and that would be the big thing.

That pause in between don't like.

And the next thing I said, it was really fraught with tension.

Yeah, fraught with, yeah.

Okay, Scott, no, I haven't run out of steam.

I could go all day.

I could go for hours.

I'm sure you could.

Yeah, as could I.

That's what she said.

But unfortunately, Scott and say that.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I was mistaken.

But we do need to get to commercial if that's all right.

Because it does seem like, it does seem like we've wrapped up everything that you came on here to talk about.

Is that safe to say?

I think I have.

But I'd also think that this isn't your show, Scott.

This isn't your show.

Okay.

Do you want to take us to break?

Because that's.

Yeah, I'm going to take us to break.

Usually, you know what usually we do is we like kind of hype what's coming up.

We do what they would call in the business a tease of what's coming up.

Okay, I can tease.

I can tease.

All right.

I'm great at teasing.

You're listening to 97.1am.

My name is Anna Konda.

We have to take a break.

But when we return, we'll be talking to somebody special.

All right.

I have to say that you.

I pray that you never never take over the show because I don't know.

I'm sorry.

Our listenership is just going to drop off a cliff.

I'm sorry.

It's not too so bad that people don't want to hear who someone special is.

I don't know.

Well, why don't why don't I take over at this point?

We are going to come back after a break.

We're going to have more Kool-A-Vee Lysock, more Sujan Pak, more Anna Konda.

And we'll be talking to someone special and that's very exciting.

We'll be talking to them after the on the other side of this break.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

How many bang bang we are back here with the hosts of the hit podcast, Add to Cart, Kool-A-Vee Lysock and Sujan Pak.

And you guys excited that it's out there in the world now?

And we're thrilled.

It's so fun to do together.

You thrilled like that song thriller by Michael Jackson, Sujan?

Don't know it.

You ever have to report on that guy?

It seems like you were at MTV News.

You could have broken the big story when it came to that guy.

Yeah.

But you just turned a blind eye.

I not so much a blind eye.

You know, it just that happened a little before my time, you know?

Ah, okay.

Like I said, I was she's late.

She's had a TRL.

You could have been the first MTV journalist to win a Pulitzer.

For breaking that important story.

Yeah, but I just wasn't around at that time.

So that would be- That's too bad.

I know.

We also have Anaconda who, this Anaconda don't want none.

She, you know, that Sir Mixlot- Where's that?

I resent that.

You resent that, really.

You know, Sir Mixlot was referring to his penis when he was talking about the Anaconda.

I don't know what he put you to.

I didn't name myself, Scott.

I'm like you.

I didn't name myself.

You said you did in the last segment?

No, I changed my last name, Scott, because and here's the thing.

You don't listen.

You don't listen and that's why you couldn't do what I do, Scott.

How'd you get started?

How'd you get interested in this?

Oh, fuck off.

F-U-C-K-T-O-F-F-T.

Okay.

All right.

Well, we, we, on that note, we do need to get to our next guest.

She's the aforementioned, very special person.

And she is a chef and, oh, a television personality.

And she's been on this show before.

Please welcome back to the show.

You know her from the Great British Bake Off, or I think it has a different title out there in England.

But please welcome back to the show, Mary Berry.

Anaconda, I'm so pleased to be here.

I'm happy to have you on the show.

Oh, yeah.

Excuse me.

Who are you?

Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm, you were on the show before, and I was the host then.

Oh, I, you know.

I, I am actually also quite old, and I remembered you as an Ashbin man.

Emptying the Ashbin, saying, can I have a talker?

I have been hooters.

And what?

I think you're, I think you saw the movie Oliver, or something, and you're thinking of a dear little orphan boy.

I, I lived the movie Oliver.

I, I am so pleased to meet another woman of a certain age, because, um, as you may have learned when I came on your phone.

I'm quite sure who you're talking to at this point, whether you're talking to Suetchid, or you're talking to Anaconda, or...

I didn't say I was old.

Well, I am 119 years old.

Whoa, I don't, you know, I, I gotta say, Anaconda, you were saying Black Dome Crack, but Mary Berry, I've seen you on that show.

You, I wouldn't think that you were 119 years old.

Well, if you saw me now, you would.

I am as, as cracked as a sidewalk in the desert.

Oh my gosh.

They're finally building sidewalks out there in the desert.

Oh my gosh.

Have you tried a moisturizer?

Yes, I have.

I opened up the bottle and it, and it disappeared right into my skin.

Now I have to ask, because I, this is, I would be remiss not to.

Why do you seem as though you've just fled an unsafe situation?

This is a good, by the way, this is your best question yet.

This is something I have to ask more people when they come on this show.

Well, Miss Anaconda, you're a, you're a fantastic host.

I'm so pleased to be on your phone.

You seem out of breath.

You're perspiring.

You seem as if you just ran into the room and sat down right now.

Yes, well, this is, now, I, I am, this is the first time.

Get your thoughts together.

The beginning of the coronavirus that I have been outside of, of my bunker.

You see, as, as a woman who's 119 years old, if, if merely a droplet of coronavirus, hate my body, I would turn to dust like a sidewalk in the desert.

Wait, these sidewalks in the desert are doing a lot of heavy lifting when it comes to metaphors.

Well, why do you think there are not more sidewalks in the desert?

If they haven't cracked, they've turned to dust and disappeared.

See, I see.

So, but, so again, we don't know why you're breathing so hard.

Attenrate.

I've spent the past six, seven months inside a specialized protective bunker.

Inside big Ben.

Inside big Ben, writ up there on the top or down below or somewhere in the middle.

Those are your three choices.

Yes.

So not quite at the top because the top, of course, is a little point.

And it's like the tip.

Yeah, it's just the tip.

Essentially.

Behind the clock.

Oh, so he said, you're, you're up there.

I would, I would consider that to be the top right behind the clock.

Like if we, if we're, if you're talking about just the triangle tip, like that's splitting hairs as far as I'm concerned when it comes to big Ben.

Well, I'm not quite interested in your opinion.

I love that.

Yeah.

Go off, sis.

No, take it.

Go off, sis.

Mary, now's maybe not the time to come out of your bunker.

The coronavirus home, like the third wave right now.

Yeah.

Why are you the novel coronavirus is even worse than ever at this point.

I'm not sure why you came out of the bunker just to do this show.

It's, I mean, it's an, it's an honor.

It's an honor to be on a podcast.

And I, I have a very important request for, for America and Mary, the world to hear.

Humanity.

Yeah.

This is what we like to call it.

I just, I said it was an honor to be on a podcast.

Now there are like hundreds of thousands of them.

Yeah.

Almost too many, almost as if they should have did the cutoff about 10 days ago.

Or to hear and cool up the Succians podcast.

That's the only podcast I'll support.

Thank you.

If you take over Scott's podcast, then, then I marry you.

That's, I think the deal.

I'm actually going to go ahead and take it over and just come on.

Yeah.

You're going to have to battle Jason Manzukas, aka Jeffrey Karakowidis for this distinction, because he wants, upon my death, he wants to take over the podcast and Mary Koolop.

So, I mean, I'm not waiting for you to die.

I'm going to just do it.

You're just going to do it.

And that's the difference between me and Jason.

Yeah.

But Mary, you're excited to be on the show for what reason?

I mean, it doesn't seem like you're promoting anything.

I am.

Oh, okay.

Well, let's get to it then.

Why wait?

I have a request.

So you might ask Mary, how have you lived to be 119 years old?

I wasn't really going to ask that.

But if you want me to ask it, I certainly will.

It seems like you're leading me in that direction.

But all right.

So Mary, how did you get to be 119 years old?

Well, if you weren't going to ask, fine, I won't say.

Well, now I'm interested.

Now that you're being a coy little minks about it, I really do want to know about it.

How did you get there?

How did you, how did you, I'm presuming a year at a time, but how did you get to 119?

Well, mostly, mostly yes, a year at a time, although there were a few years in the middle that I leapt through like a jumping jack.

But I, I...

I don't know, we're like a sidewalk in the desert.

Like a sidewalk in the dye jumped over as you jump over the cracks in a sidewalk in...

A sidewalk on the desert, yes.

A desert.

Yes.

Quite.

And I, so my secret is every year on Christmas, I consume a Christmas pie baked out of a child.

It's...

Oh.

Right.

I seem to remember us talking about this last time you were on the show.

You are cannibalistic in nature, if not magical, is that right?

And you...

You eat the youth out of a child, is that what keeps you alive?

Yes!

Now you, you seem smart.

Thank you.

It's how I identify.

How is it, is it magical or is it the adrenochromes inside the babies?

What exactly is it that gets you to be so youthful in appearance?

Yes.

Well, um, as I was positing last time I was on the show, I believe it's imagination.

Oh, okay.

I believe I'm consuming a, a creature with imagination, a child, and the magic of imagination powers me just through another year of, of living in this old, Crohn's body.

I see.

Okay.

So the imagination that resides within the children, because imagination is one of the strongest forces on earth, according to the Fantasmic Show out there in Disneyland.

So it powers you through a complete year.

Can I ask a question?

If you ate two babies on Christmas day, would that power you through two years?

Or is it, it's purely a yearly cycle thing?

I can't.

If I were to eat two babies, I would immediately pass away.

Like a, like a sidewalk.

Like a, like a sidewalk in the desert after a heavy rain, an uncharacteristic rain that caused a mudslide that passed the sidewalk away.

Mm hmm.

I see.

So just one baby a year for you.

How do you get the babies again?

Great question.

Well, prior to coronavirus, I was able to go into the world and meet a baby, acquire a baby.

Do you consider, I don't know about whether the terminology is right, like meeting a baby.

I think in order to meet someone, they have to realize they're meeting you.

You know, it has to be a two-way street, much like a sidewalk in the desert.

I think that it has to be, you know, both parties have to agree that it's a meeting, but when one party has no idea what's happening and they just see you as shapes or, you know, then it's, it's not a true meeting, but you're saying you're meeting babies.

Well, yes, and I, of course, go by the age-old rule.

If you shake a hand, you have met.

And so I shake the hand of a baby.

And if the situation presents itself, I take it, bake it, and shake it for another year, baby.

How does this, how does the situation present itself?

Like, that seems to be like, it's not presenting itself.

That's something that you have to present and make present.

Well, this is my problem because nowadays, no one will even allow me to get close enough to them to shake the hand.

I have to say, I'm not surprised.

You look hideous.

Novel coronavirus and a condom.

No, she, no, she- It's not her look.

You don't have to slam her without she looks.

She's saying the textbook coronavirus actually has not touched her because she would actually die.

So this is just her.

This is just cis.

That's how cis looks.

And she needs to feed.

You look- I mean, we're about a month out on the deadline here.

How are you going to get this baby?

Well, that's why I'm on this show.

I'm hoping to broadcast to your- How big is your listenership?

I don't think they're going to be giving up babies to you, Mary.

I- I never know.

I mean, there are people who give up babies and put them on the fire department steps all the time.

You know, maybe there's someone out there listening to a podcast right now who's like, you know what? This sounds like a pretty sweet deal.

Yeah, I don't think podcasts get to news.

You don't appreciate that comment.

I know, I just know.

No, I- No, I- No, I- That's my serious journalist face, but I was just wondering the last time that we ever- that headline reached the news of a baby being left on the doorstep of a fire.

Yeah, maybe it's a cliche sort of like, you know, you know how like in 80s movies, there were all these movies about like a baby being left on a doorstep, you know.

And I don't think that ever happened either.

It just kind of happened in movies, but did it ever- I'm sure it happened one time.

One time?

Hey, you like the Fuji's Anaconda?

Yeah, I do enjoy the Fuji's and I do like that what you just did there.

I do really- Thank you so much.

Big fan of Lauren Hill.

Yeah, thank you so much.

Big fan of Lauren Hill.

She sort of dropped off after that first album though, didn't she?

I was having this conversation with another guest recently.

She did, but that album made it into the Library of Congress, so that is of note.

And I do think she was going through some things.

I don't know her personally, but I have to guess.

Okay.

Now, I don't think you get the listenership.

I think that's the problem here with the podcast.

You don't get the listenership for people who are dropping babies off at fire stations.

I do.

That's what- Your demographic includes people who are dropping their babies off at fire stations.

Yeah, and let's get with the times.

They're not doing it at fire stations now.

They're dropping them off at Apple stores.

Yeah.

That's the modern take on this.

Modern.

And they're admitting this in the census that you're giving out your listeners.

So when we do get these calls on my show, I do take the calls and then I tell them to hold off.

I have my engineer tell them, you can answer it.

You kind of riff with them a little bit and then I'll hop on the call after I'm done the show.

And a lot of them do want to drop their babies off.

So Mary, I do think if I were to take over this podcast, as I do plan to, I think together you and I can get you those babies.

Well, I mean, Pip Pip, here we go.

I'm so pleased that I was able to meet you and Scott, I found you to be more or less quite useless.

That's probably the most accurate review of this show that's ever been said.

Yeah.

More or less useless.

You're an Ashbin.

You're more or less useless.

A little bitch.

You're a little bitch.

You know, right.

All the important stuff.

This is interesting because I, you know, this is one of the rare episodes that has all women on it.

And you're so mad about it.

You're so mad about it.

And Ashbin and a little bitch.

Scott, I want to touch you.

Are you upset that it's all women right now?

You seem curious.

I'm not upset.

I'm just, I'm finding this to be a unique experience where every single guest is called me.

Something quite offensive, other than you maybe, Suchen, although you can have a crack at it, if you like.

Well, we didn't, we didn't have multiple polls.

Yeah, we did multiple polls.

She called you out of your name as well.

Suchen, what's the worst thing you've ever called someone?

I think it was on this show.

It just happened about 30 minutes ago when I as well agreed with Koolop and said you were an LB.

LB, yeah.

A pound.

Yeah.

Now, Mary, if you just, I'm so worried because you look sick.

You look absolutely sick and atrocious.

Yeah, you're 11 months in.

I mean, this baby has been wearing off.

I mean, I'm more for the listeners.

Who may not be able to see me.

I look like a girl version of The Night King.

I look like The Night King in a snappy pink blazer with a lovely blonde wig and a lady never, never leaves without her lipstick.

Although- Which lips?

My lips are filled with dust.

Which lips?

Which pair?

Which two sets?

Scott, you're getting the hang of this.

Yes.

Which lipstick on the top and on the bottom?

Now we're talking top lip and bottom lip and- Look at it.

I'm getting top set.

Top set.

I'm so glad you asked.

Top lip and bottom lip and left lip on the bottom.

Diagonally.

I like that.

Oh, wonderful, wonderful.

Ah, okay.

Interesting.

Wonderful.

Well, let's put a plea out there to the listeners.

Anaconda, I'll put you in charge of this since you seem to get the most calls.

Yeah.

You have the listenership, you have the demographic for this, but let's try to get you some babies, or at least one baby.

Oh, right.

Do you usually need to go out there to 20 babies to get one, or is it- Usually you're able to get one right away.

Usually I'm able to get one at least on my second try.

Okay.

I normally when I'm allowed to get- I've got very sneaky fingers.

Sometimes I'll hide in a bush or a- or a mailbox and- Snacks.

Snacks a baby from a- from a pram, but these days people are much more cautious.

I might I say, by the way, you have such a- such a- such a specific English accent.

What region are you from?

Mary, if I may ask.

I mean, of course you may ask.

I'm British through and through.

I was born in- Oh, 100% British.

In Mary Old London.

I'm a Brit.

I'm an English woman.

Crack, crack, all the way to the queen.

All the way to the top of Big Ben, just right above where you live.

Just right above where I currently live.

Amazing.

Well, let's let's get you a baby, Anaconda.

You want to put out the call?

Yeah, all right.

You're listening to 97.1 smooth jazz.

My name's Anaconda.

If you have a baby, you can give Mary to eat.

Here, her plea right now.

Here, please go for it, Mary.

Hello, it's Mary Berry.

It's lovely to meet you all.

If any of you have a baby, I'd be willing to take it off your hands and I'd even be willing to make a trade.

I've got some of the- Oh, are you trade trade?

Oh, okay.

Are you trade- I'm necklace.

If anyone would like a small necklace.

How small are we talking?

Is it bracelet sized or- Yes, about as small as a wrist or an ankle.

So it's like a large bracelet or a small necklace.

Correct.

A coffee cup.

An orange coffee cup.

You're just looking around your room right now.

No.

Things aren't you?

No.

You're usual, say this is the second week that we've had guests on here, usual suspecting it, and I won't stand for it.

You're a big Kevin Spacey fan, aren't you, Scott?

Well, I mean- You've certain aspects, yes.

Yeah, huge fan.

Winning the two Oscars?

What? You're saying that if you were up to win an Oscar, you wouldn't, because Kevin Spacey won two of them?

Okay, you're- If this isn't getting you canceled, I don't know what will.

Mary, I am troubled.

I'm troubled.

You still seem to be fully out of breath.

It's been some time.

Just- Just- You heard it.

It seems like the act of sitting is almost too much for your body at this point.

Well, yes.

This baby is wearing off.

Yeah.

Yes, and this always happens.

Come close to Thanksgiving, because I'm in my final month of life without the blood of a baby, but as the stipulations dictate, of course, I can't feast on my baby until the clock strikes midnight at Christmas.

So by Christmas Eve, I look like a slug.

Oh, I thought you were going to say sidewalk in the desert, but- No, I just said more than one thing.

I look like a slug.

You're finding it hard just to even say one thing.

You are out of breath, sister.

Yes.

Well, if you could see my bottom half, you'll see- No, thanks.

You can see my bottom half, you'd see the lovely job I did on my lipstick.

We're not going to tube in on this episode.

Well, if you're out there and you have a baby and you're quite frankly sick of it, and who wouldn't be around the holidays, and honestly, we're about a month out from having to buy at Christmas presents.

So if you want to save some money and you want maybe a large bracelet or a small necklace, why not- Yeah, you need to have extra baby to unload?

Yeah.

Yeah, why not give it over?

Maybe you have twins and you didn't expect it, and you're like, you'll probably would prefer just the one.

Then you know, you are prime Mary Berry Target here.

Where can people drop these off for you?

A big Ben.

Big Ben.

So they, on their dime they have to travel?

Are you paying- If that would be preferable, I really can do mine.

Of course it would be preferable.

Are you on a budget?

But- Talking about a baby here.

People pay a lot of money for these things.

I think it worked in quite some time.

That bitch took over the Great British Bake Off and- We're not talking about me.

I'm just- Sitting a little- Not you.

Not you.

A different bitch.

A woman.

And I'm just sitting up here in Big Ben and I've spent lots of my money on expansion packs for Quidlash.

Okay.

Well, see, that's your fault.

You know, all the rest of it, you know, the bitch took over Great British Bake Off.

You're sitting in Big Ben.

You haven't been able to work.

Like, okay, that's circumstance.

But spending all your money on expansion packs for Quidlash.

I mean, that's- That's all you.

They- I ran out of funny questions.

Okay.

But Mary, what happens if like you get two babies, three babies, Eran?

What will you do?

Another wonderful question from somebody who's not the host of this podcast.

Seeing as I cannot eat more than one baby on any given Christmas, I will raise the other babies as my own.

Oh.

That's the Mary Berry promise.

Have you ever had to raise other babies?

Well, um, yes.

In 1940, I got two babies and I did raise one until the right age of 18.

And- They were 18 or you were 18?

They were 18.

Okay, got it.

Yes.

Um, and they went off to Cambridge and became a- a- a- a- They worked at the Constabulary.

Wow.

What an amazing story and even better in the retelling.

No, I have to ask you, Mary.

With multiple babies on hand in the past, of course, I don't want to sort of subject.

Did you name these babies?

Are we just referring to them as baby, baby, baby?

Fantastic question.

It almost seems as if you're commenting on the quality of the questions in order to stall.

Is that- is that something that's happening or?

Well, of course.

Of course, I am.

You see my- my brain- my brain is as emaciated as a sidewalk in the desert.

Of course, yes.

I'm going to do the desert.

Yes.

It's- it's just getting- getting worse and worse by the day.

And so my memories are- are fleeting away from me with such speed.

And so it- it takes me a moment to remember your stalling.

Okay.

No, no, no, no, I know.

Okay, I- It seems like you need approximately 20 seconds to answer any question.

And even then, I don't know that you have.

No, this is- honest, I feel extremely disrespected.

I'm going to tell you the names of all of my babies.

Right this minute, one was a boy.

It's brown hair.

Oh, quick.

Ooh, you can't think of a name off the cup.

Look, all we're asking you to do is tell us real facts on this show.

You can't even do that.

Mary, this is not good podcasting.

N- oh, there's one.

One of your- well, that's the problem.

The problem isn't you, Mary.

The problem is podcasting is the medium in general.

That's true.

We may have already hit peak podcasting and we're just downhill from here.

This was on AM.

We could go all night.

We could take a call.

It's really good.

We could take a call.

Would you take calls?

I don't, but we get them.

We get them.

We get them on the opportunities there.

Our knowledge that they're there and then we play tunes.

And that's why radio is so much better than podcasting.

But I beg of the name one of your kids, name one.

Well, just one.

I know I can.

And here's a question.

Sue Chin, you have children.

Your name asks someone else a question when you've been asked a question.

It isn't going to work here.

We asked you a goddamn question named one of your children's names and you're going to answer it.

Well, I'll only do it if Sue Chin got it.

All right, we'll do a trade.

Okay.

Susan, are you comfortable naming one of your children on air?

One of my children with brown hair buttons on his shirt.

Two feet.

Oh my God.

Two feet.

Sandals upon his toes.

And bow tie on Christmas named Penny.

Penny.

That's very close to Patty and Petty.

Yes, which was a whole problem.

I think there'd be a lot of confusion over there in HR.

I don't have to collect that paperwork.

So have your, have Penny never get into radio.

Okay.

All right.

Go hit us, Mary, with with whatever your child is named.

Oh, well.

Thank you.

You're still with us.

Oh, well, just do it.

Enough preamble.

Get to the amble.

I feel like she didn't name these children.

I think she just ate them.

I don't think you named them.

She just ate these children.

I don't know if she raised that boy.

But she was describing him.

Just go ahead, Mary.

She's a hundred and eight, 98 years old.

Go on.

Yes, buttons that you go on.

Tins, buttons on his jacket.

And I do want to say thank you for sharing your own.

Yes, we know all the details.

Buttons buttons on it.

All of his teeth, except one, for he fell on his sixth birthday and and chipped one of his tooth, one of his teeth like the cup and beauty and the beast.

Chip, but that's not his name.

See what you just thought of a name and you can't even.

God.

That's not his name.

It's the final draft open.

They have a names database.

Like I'm not saying you're a writer, but but maybe you should.

Well, I had only have final draft 10 and it's glitchy on my comp- You're speaking my language right now.

And I the collaborate mode is dog shit.

It's terrible.

Do a dialogue though.

One thing you do, why can't you do it better?

Look, if you're not going to name one of your babies, I'm afraid that we're running out of time and we just don't have time for it.

Okay, this is coercion, Mary.

And you can sue him for this.

It's extraordinary.

You can be sued for something you say on a podcast.

Oh no.

Look, we are running out of time though and unfortunately we only have time for one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

Everybody likes plugging.

Plugging every day.

Oh, okay.

I think that was it.

That was everybody likes plugging by Lester Pips.

Lester Pips, thank you to Lester Pips.

That sounds like something Mary Berry that you would say.

Lester Pips.

I know I will, I would and I have.

Sure, because you're authentically British.

Lester Pips, it's what I say when I'm upset.

Okay, we don't want to get you there then.

I'm so glad you haven't said it yet.

What are we plugging here?

Cool up in Sujin.

I would imagine that you want to plug Add to Cart, is that right?

That's right.

Follow us at Add to Cart pod on Instagram and check us out.

Check us out.

Yes, Sujin, you want to add to that.

Check us out.

Exclamation.

No, we like to say it's aggressive champagne fun in your ears.

That's we like to also say it's the seat of humanity.

Add to cart.

And that's Add to Cart pod.

So yeah.

Too close to humanity's podcast.

And the second episode will be coming out tomorrow, but you can listen and subscribe wherever you get podcasts.

It is out right now.

You can listen to that first episode currently.

And then every week success, successively.

Yes, it will be a success.

Yes, you'll put the success in successively.

All right, Anna, what do you want to plug?

I'd like to plug my radio show 97.1 AM.

Comedy Bing will be moving to that station.

So tune in next time.

Starting next week.

Any please.

I had a good run.

Yeah, you did.

I think it was a fine run.

Moments were good.

You had your moments.

And I accurate.

So that's at the 97.1 AM.

We'll be doing comedy, bang, bang, there.

Please disregard any please from Scott to tune into the earwolf show.

As earwolf is done, it's finished.

He's canceled.

That's my plug.

Okay.

Well, all right.

And Mary Berry, anything you want to plug here?

Yes.

Writer duet, I find to be a pleasing alternative to final draft.

It's free.

And then for some other features, you can subscribe for $12.99 a month.

Okay, $12.99 a month.

That's I don't know that I'm writing enough scripts to justify that.

Like if I write one a year, I mean, that's $130 a year or so or $150 a year.

I don't know.

I don't know whether I could get reimbursed for that with whatever I sell the script for.

A lot of what I do is on spec.

I mean, I'm off for only as far as acting roles go, but speculative upon writing.

And so I'm not quite sure about that price point.

What do you think?

You could likely write it off, at least.

Yeah, at least.

Okay.

All right.

What do I want to plug?

I want to plug.

First of all, the Auntie Donna show is out there on Netflix right now.

Six episodes, you can burn through all of them in a couple hours.

We had a lot of fun making that.

It's very funny.

Very funny sketch show with the Auntie Donna from Australia.

You can get that right now.

Egg Helms and I produce that and has the comedy bang bang seal of approval on that.

And thank you.

Just it's been getting great reviews and thank you to all the people who've said they've really enjoyed it.

So I want to make sure you check that out.

I also want to say, hey, look, comedy bang bang fans, and I hope you are one because you're listening to this right now.

This episode is the final episode that you can vote on for the best of comedy bang bang.

So voting is now open.

And head over there to earwolf.com and the comedy bang bang section.

And you can vote on what you think the best episodes of 2020 were.

So that starts from Thanksgiving of last year to this episode here.

And we want to hear what you think because in about a month, Paul F. Tomkins and I will be doing the countdown of all the best episodes.

And I look, it's your responsibility to vote on them.

Whatever you choose is whatever we play.

So it's an awesome responsibility.

And I think that's what everyone was talking about about a month back when they were saying vote, vote, vote.

I wasn't really paying attention.

So I think they were talking about this.

So head over there and please vote for your favorites.

I think you can pick 10.

Pick your 10 favorites and then we'll count down the top vote receivers.

That's how you say that eloquently, I think.

I also want to plug a friend of mine.

I wanted to plug his work.

Donnie Kate, who some of you may know as a comic book writer, he works for Marvel.

He's been doing Thor and Guardians of the Galaxy and Venom and all sorts of stuff.

He has a new book called The One You Feed.

And you can pay what you want for it.

So you go to panelsyndicate.com, which is Brian K. Von and Marcos Martin's website.

And you pay whatever you want for it, which could be nothing as far as I can learn.

When people say, pay what you want for it, everyone's just too ashamed to pay nothing.

Fuck it, I'll pay nothing.

And I told him that to his face.

The premise is essentially what if the entire world turned into their own inner demons at night fall? And it's pretty cool.

So I just wanted to plug it because he's a cool guy and a great writer.

And you can go over to his Twitter at Donnkates for more information and see the trailer.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you wanna close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

Breathe up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Shake your hands and open it up.

Generation of Compton and he just says, open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Everybody wants to open it up the plug bag.

Keep it looking.

Open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

All right, guys. Well, I wanna thank you so much.

First of all, Su-Chanden Koolop.

Thank you so much for being on the show and good luck.

Scott, Scott, Scott, thank you.

In podcasting.

Thank you for loving me all these years.

How many would you say that I've loved you for?

We've been together for 22.

I'm gonna say solid 18.

Okay.

Somewhere in there.

And it wasn't 18 straight either.

Really?

No.

Like some- And I don't blame you for some of those years.

I am a lot.

A little saggy in the middle.

And that's what she said.

I didn't say that.

Anaconda, what do you know?

We already done it.

No, no, no, I don't want a plug for that.

Thank you, Frank.

Okay, go ahead.

I just want a plug bag.

Double plug.

And that's, what do we call that?

We call that?

No, no, no, this is a Christian program.

I won't say that.

I said, no, no.

Yeah, I think you are mistaken.

This is not a Christian program.

Okay, well, I still won't say because my Christian followers will be upset.

Okay, yeah.

A lot of Christian followers.

You've been pretty dirty this entire year.

I did that tour.

I did that TV and tour.

Oh, okay.

I'm a trading product.

It's still done.

So you just talked about smooth jazz on the tour.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Go ahead.

Plug whatever you want.

I want to say that had I known in advance that this was the last episode listeners could vote for the best of the year, I would have done something totally different.

Done what different?

I was from last November to now.

I would have done something.

I didn't know.

Okay, here's the other thing.

People who have been on the show, if you've ever been a guest on this show, you can advocate for your episodes to be voted on.

Not enough people do that.

Paul Eftompian's gained the system a few years back where he just actively asked his 1 million plus followers to vote only on his episodes.

And his all came up in the top 10.

So if you look, Anaconda, this is the first time you've ever been a guest, but maybe you have some favorite episodes over the previous year that you could implore people to vote on.

Last year as a total blur, I just know that it wasn't, I just hadn't thought about the voting.

And if I had been aware of the voting, I would have made different choices.

Different life choices.

I understand.

Different life choices.

But look, the episode before Thanksgiving, it's a time for family.

And that's why I wanted to have Mary Berry here on the show.

She's been on the show approximately once.

And can't even think of one name.

Why did you look at me?

I thought of this.

Me over.

You thought of it.

Oh, okay.

During the plugs.

During the plugs you thought of it.

Okay, well, this is a wonderful way to end the show.

To hear you finally have thought of the name, Mary Berry hit us with that name of one of your children.

Well, damn it.

It's Scott.

You're just, you're looking at me.

You're usual suspecting it.

All right.

We have to go.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
