---
layout: page
title: 685. Paul Rust, Neil Campbell [https：⧸⧸cloudfront.wolfpub.io⧸CBB-685-20200310-RustCampbell-RCv02-PW.mp3].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Hey everyone, Scott Ocherman here, host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And before we get started on this week's episode, I wanted to give you a little bit of background about it.

So this episode was recorded on February 20th of this year, 2020.

That is 220-2020-2020.

Anyway, the eunemorologist can figure that out.

And the reason it hasn't been released until now is because it was very obviously recorded in the Earwool studios.

You'll hear why during the episode.

We're together during it.

It did not come out before the lockdown happened.

And at the top of lockdown, I thought, oh, I'll just save it until we get out of, in a month or whatever we thought at the beginning of this.

And then I kept waiting for it to be over because, you know, I didn't want everyone to go, why were you taping this together?

Anyway, I wanted to get it out before the end of the year.

It's a really funny episode.

This episode has Paul Rust and Neil Campbell, two of our old favorites.

And because they couldn't and didn't even dream of plugging what they didn't know they were going to do later in the year, I did want to direct you to a couple of shows that Paul Rust is now doing.

He is doing a podcast with his band.

Don't stopper will die.

They record a free song every week, a new song, and they put it out in podcast form.

And he also has a show with our friend Matt Gorley.

They have a show where they go through horror films.

And you can find that on Patreon at patreon.com slash with Gorley and Rust, G-O-U-R-L-E-Y and R-U-S-T.

So with no further ado, please listen to this blast from the very recent past or not so distant past and on with the show.

What's the Haps with the Maps for Crap?

I'm going to take a shot at.

And who better to let me know than our guests who are coming up a little bit later after our break will have a couple of very interesting people who I forgot to get their details of.

But before that, we have two other interesting people.

But first let me introduce myself.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm your host for Comedy Bang Bang and boy superstar episode today, some people and some other people.

And these people are people who worked with me on the said television show.

They're my old friends from back in the day.

But of course they also got to know each other before they knew me, which I think is rude.

Please welcome a couple of great guys.

We have Paul Rust and Neil Campbell.

Hello guys.

Hi Scott.

Hello.

What a nice introduction.

Yes.

What did you think was nice about it?

I thought it was warm.

It was warm.

You maybe think of the room.

It's a little warm in here.

Is that what it is?

Maybe you need to take off a layer.

How about that bottom?

I only wore one single layer and it's a lumpy.

That's right.

Welcome to the show.

That's Paul Rust by the way.

Yes.

This is my place.

Yeah.

Paul's been monopolizing the conversation here.

So go ahead and talk, Neil.

Hello.

This is Neil.

Yeah, good stuff.

You both worked on the television show with me in the capacity of writer performers.

Is that correct?

That's true.

Yeah.

I want to deny it.

Why do you want to deny it?

Can we cut that?

Why did I say it?

Why did you say that?

Why did I put it?

Why did you put that out there?

Don't put that out there in the universe.

Why would you say something like that?

Okay.

I did it just as a fear like comic.

I'll say one thing to go to the other and then I said that thing that okay.

Yeah.

This is crazy.

No, you obviously said we got okay.

I'll say I can't deny it either.

That's how it goes.

Okay.

So we're going to cut out that section before.

Please.

Is that okay?

We're going to cut that entire thing.

Just say the words I can't right now and he can cut those in.

Okay.

Say I can't.

I can't.

Okay.

Please.

We'll cut that in.

We'll definitely cut that in.

Not even as a joke.

We're definitely going to do that.

But speaking of as a joke, you wrote jokes for me on the show.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

We got to go back.

We got to go back to the show.

I got a respondent.

What Neil said.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Here we go.

I'm not going to lie it either.

Okay.

And speaking of jokes, you wrote jokes for me on the show.

Oh, yeah.

That's true.

Oh, wait.

We weren't speaking of jokes anymore.

Are we going to get out of this?

This is an editing nightmare.

Wait.

Edit me in talking about jokes earlier.

Okay.

This will be after I introduce them.

Paul Russ and Neil Campbell.

Hi guys.

That was a great joke that I heard last night.

Mm.

Okay.

Great.

We'll edit that in.

Okay.

Great.

Well, we took care of everything.

Okay.

I'm going to call Thelma Schoonmacher.

The world's greatest thing in the editor.

What are you going to call her?

Oh, dear.

Oh, okay.

It's a compliment then.

Yes.

Dear Thelma.

Guys, welcome to the show.

Welcome back to the show.

I don't know.

Yeah.

That's what we've been on the show before.

I know.

Paul, I feel like you've been on the show a few times.

That's scratching an itch for me.

Mental itch.

Right.

Like, I remember you talking into one of these microphones.

Yeah, you remember seeing my mouth near the microphone.

Yeah.

Oh, wait.

No, that was a Rolling Stones cover.

Holy...

There's a big mouth and a tongue coming out of it.

Yes.

Yeah.

Shit.

No, I remember those...

My favorite bands.

A close-up on your fly and...

Oh, wait.

That's super actually worked.

Next to the microphone.

That was a Rolling Stones cover.

Yeah.

I remember a banana that I was going to peel.

Ah, that was a...

It was right next to the microphone across from you.

Yeah, of course.

No, that was that banana I eat earlier.

Oh, yeah.

I peeled it slowly and then I saw the banana inside, of course.

But yes, Scott, we used to write for you on your show, which was...

I'd say for me the best, most funnest writing job I ever was a part of.

Most fun writing job because we did most fun...

I said most often kids.

Sorry.

Most fun is...

I'm sorry, Paul.

I'm sorry.

Both of my fists.

Sorry.

Are raised in theory.

So, Neil, it actually wasn't that fun because Paul has a temper.

We were scared.

It was a nightmare every single day working with this guy.

Look, the temper would only come out every...

What's in a way?

Yeah, we tried to keep it light there because we made a funny television show.

And if you're making a funny television show, don't you want it to be fun, right?

Yeah, sure.

Yeah.

And I'm trying to think of, did you have another writing job before that, Paul?

Or is it your first writing job?

Well, Scott, not to go so far about memory lane.

You gave Neil and I are very first writing job on moral oral.

Oh, that's right.

We wrote an episode of Moral Oral, Dino Stemotophilus's claymation cartoon together.

That was fun.

We wrote or you were assigned it and you graciously offered to bring Neil and I on and share credit.

Wow.

Come on.

You guys wrote jokes for it, I think, didn't you?

Well, for sure.

It's involved, but we wouldn't have were it not for you.

Well, not for you.

I think it was mainly me feeling lazy and not wanting to write it.

When I said I would do it for Dino, I was like, I know a couple of guys who will come in here.

Yeah.

Now, did I split the money equally?

Of course I did.

But you guys help me out on that one.

I view it as.

And now you are out in the world and you're doing, I mean, Paul, you had three seasons of a Netflix show called, was it like?

Yeah, yes.

Like L-Y-K-E.

Right.

It was about a little tiny dragon named like.

And only I could see him and my family in the town I lived in.

But outside those city limits?

Oh boy, don't get there.

Like out there.

An episode never came up where you went outside the city limits.

Oh no.

Not once.

There was never an outsider who ever would have laid eyes upon the little rascal.

It was never a plot point, never a storyline that someone couldn't see him.

Nor was it mentioned.

Now the lichens, the lichens from the underworld franchise were involved and they would battle you.

Often.

It was really, I'd say, 99% of the plots.

Yeah, I mean, it was a 30 minute show.

And since 1% of it was not battling the lichens, that was 30 seconds.

So 29 minutes and 30 seconds of this.

And it was just lichen battles.

Yeah.

And these are, this is a lot of episodes too.

But I would sit above them and guide them and remark upon them.

Sure.

But this is like 1,200 episodes that you guys made.

And that's a lot of like seasons.

Yeah, 400 episodes per season.

Yeah, I guess.

That's how it worked out.

I think I guess we did 2,200.

Yeah, it was so weird because more than one came out a day.

Yeah.

They had to come out every 21 hours or so.

We likened it to the...

You likened it?

What?

That was one of the jokes you made constantly on the show.

We likened it to the family circus.

Yeah.

It's there every day making you think warming your heart.

Yeah.

Although that coward, Bill, what's his name?

Who draws that?

Bill Keene.

That coward only would put out one in it.

In a day.

Not even vitamins.

Hey, that's true.

It's true.

Scott, I wouldn't disagree, but I can't.

You guys were putting one out every 21 hours.

That's true.

It was a...

Yeah, it was hard work.

You know what I called it?

The ultimate binge watch.

I don't know.

I just thought that it was, you know.

You said that?

Yeah, I said it once when it came out.

Is that okay?

No, I've said it sometimes.

Dude, Neil, you said...

I think I've heard you say that.

I've listened to that, but I've never actually said it.

Was it us saying it, or was it someone else saying it?

Yeah, it's all the voices blend together.

Yeah, Paul and I have very similar voices.

Yeah, and others as well.

You know binge watching, and I've done that, of course, to all of your shows.

But what about purge watching?

Where you watch the purge?

Just the first one.

What do you think?

I haven't done that.

I did that once in a theater.

Yeah, but for some reason, Scott didn't see the last hour, because he ran out down the center aisle.

And he trembled with a lobby.

I was trembling.

Yeah.

And it wasn't...

It was not cold.

It was a lot like this studio.

It was very hot.

There's poison and earthquake either.

No.

No earthquakes.

No.

And we guess while I've been working on that, Neil's been writing on...

Working on what?

The lichen?

Oh, lichen.

Yeah.

Like in 99?

Like in 99.

It's sort of the opposite.

We have one episode come out every 4,000 years.

Okay, so the first one came out.

When did it come out?

It's coming out this summer.

It was coming out this summer.

Yeah.

And then you can look for the next one in...

6,020?

Yes, exactly.

So they began...

Are you filming tomorrow?

2000 BC.

Yeah, the problem is just every episode has one shot that the time lapse of 4,000 years.

So is this the first episode or the first one came?

It came out in negative 20 BC.

This is the very first episode.

This is the first one.

Okay.

So our...

And most of the time lapse starts as cave drawings and then it turns into a ratchet.

Okay.

Eventually camera equipment comes along.

So it's the last 2,000 years or 4,000 years you said?

4,000.

Yeah.

4,000.

Okay, so this is before the earth was even invented.

Yeah, before God invented the earth.

Right.

So it starts with just God thinking about...

It's like God...

It begins and he's kind of crumpling up papers...

Describing them over his shoulder to the waist baths.

Yeah, until one finally is the earth.

Yeah, yeah.

Right, and it just floats.

Yeah.

And it's like this one didn't get in the waist basket.

Yeah.

And it's just, oh my God, this is earth.

Neil showed me...

I got to see like a sneak preview of that sea wind God looked at after he typed earth.

He pulls out the paper and he looks at a picture of planet earth and...

Neil, you could attest to this.

He looked at me.

I was crying.

Yeah.

Whoa.

Tears were streamed into my mouth.

Every...

Yeah.

Were they tears of...

Tears of derision?

Tears of joy, tears of cathartic...

The sea God draw a circle and not have it be the family circus.

Right, yeah.

That's what you think, of course.

You go, well, you've usually been drawing Jeffy, Barvey, and the rest.

It's what I've always called the ultimate psych out.

Yeah.

I know that I've heard you say.

Yeah, okay, good.

Now Neil, of course, you've been working on Brooklyn Nine-Nine for the past decade or so.

Yeah, right.

And it's so rare that we get to see you in here anymore.

You used to be on the show quite a bit.

Yeah.

But that...

I'm gonna start faking...

I'll start playing hooky.

Faking illnesses.

Oh yeah.

Just like our friend Harris used to do on Parks and Rec.

Yeah.

Just like really bad ones, really bad illnesses.

Yeah.

Lizard scales is one you've pulled the floor on.

Yeah, reverse diarrhea.

Oh, where goes back from the toilet back into your butt?

Yeah, or just from any source into your butt.

Wait, where else is diarrhea other than toilets?

In other people's butts.

Oh, wait, so you have like a diarrhea tractor beam in your butt?

That's right.

And look, I didn't want to come here and do gross out here.

No, of course.

That's really a thing I've lied about.

It's gross out fact.

Yes.

Of course.

I think it's just human fact.

Yeah.

It's just human being to look at.

It's gross out humor, it's gross out human.

That's right, we all have butts.

Can we all agree?

Come on.

Unless you don't have a but, we all have a butts.

Dennis Leary usually has one in his mouth.

Good stuff, the old firefighter himself, Dennis Leary.

Oh, yeah.

He saved me once.

Did he really?

Yeah, I was in a burning building.

Which one?

On Chester and third.

Chester and third.

The old Chester third fire.

Chester third fire.

Yeah, I've heard of that one.

Yes, well, when I was in, I was like, the Chester third fire.

How did the Chester third fire?

How did the Chester third fire kick off?

I can't remember.

Goat kicked over a lantern.

So it kicked over a lantern into a what?

To a summer salt.

Oh, okay.

So he did a summer salt.

And then he landed on an oven or something?

Hot hot oven.

And then he...

The hottest.

People later did, you know, they looked into it and they thought of it.

Which just had its hottest.

It's hottest.

When he saved you.

Not hotter than any other oven.

But at its hottest.

Yes.

He was in character also, right?

He was from Amazing Spider-Man.

Yes.

Yes, yes, he was.

Because I could tell because every once in a while I would hear him mutter.

I'll get Peter.

I'm going to get Peter back someday.

Yeah.

I'm going to get Peter back someday.

And then I go, my last time's a girl's name.

That's true.

Interesting stuff.

So this is all true.

And you were part of that fire.

Yeah, when he was lifting me up in his burly arms.

Yes, he was known for his ex-servic wit.

A cervic wit, yeah, of course.

But he also should be known for his brani arms.

Because he lifted me up.

Is he...

Wait, is he the guy on that brani paper towel thing?

Yeah, that's Dennis Leary.

That's Dennis Leary?

Yeah.

Back before he was an actor, he was a model and they took his picture with him.

Oh my gosh.

Just like Jody Foster was the...

Foster's freeze.

Foster's freeze and Foster's beer?

Yeah.

She's on both of those?

Both of them.

If you look closely...

Oh, crazy.

It's weird how they put in those little...

Neo and I, like we could go down such a hole.

We're obsessive about secret hidden insignias and products.

Like what?

I mean, please go down the hole with us.

Well, Folger's for one.

Folger's the best part of waking up is Folger's in your cup.

Yeah, I don't even know if we should talk about this because I feel like if we kind of blow the lid off it, these people are powerful people who work at Folger's.

Right.

Yeah, does this go all the way to the top of the presidency of the Folger's company?

Very well, mate.

CEO, really?

Yeah.

What are we talking about?

Lady Folger.

What are we talking about?

What's going on?

Well, if you look at their logo, it's a mountain.

I've never looked at it.

Look at it closely next time.

So it's a mountain?

Mountain?

Okay.

And right behind it is a sun.

Okay.

A beaming sun behind a mountain.

Okay.

Ring and e-bells.

Ah, let's see.

A sun behind a mountain.

Masonry.

Mm.

Masonry.

Mm.

Masonry.

Ring of L.

Sun?

Wait, a sun in a mountain?

Mm-hmm.

I don't know.

It's not ringing a bell, so you may know.

I mean, we all have those Masonic symbols on the back of dollar bills and, you know, with the eyes and the pyramids and all that kind of stuff.

But you're saying the Folger's logo, a sun behind a mountain, that it extends to even that.

Yeah.

Next time you take a sip of Folger's, Scott, do you ever feel like you're in on a secret?

Um, someone's told me a secret once, but then I told the person it was about immediately.

Well, that's good.

So, there's another little secret I like.

What's that?

You know, okay, you know the American flag.

Thirteen stripes.

Sure.

You know, roughly between 45 and 55 stars.

Oh, so you see, okay, that was good to say.

If you look in the corner of an American flag, in addition to the stripes, oh, there's 50 stars, but you, okay, you know, oh, there's 50 of those.

The Scots.

I hit Scott's.

I was here to the ground.

He's up.

He knows what's up.

You see that.

Yeah.

I've, yeah, I guess.

I guess that people don't.

Well, the only reason I know is because I have a flag that I use.

It's on my, it's on the ground.

Yeah.

I use it as a rug.

Yeah.

I use it as a rug.

That's why I see that.

Oh, with the energy symbol, pay it on it.

You got that.

Of course.

Of at the purge.

Yeah.

When I watched the purge, when I purge watched.

Yeah.

When I first saw it, Scott, I remember I asked you, I said, who was your interior decorator?

The, the talk from the purge.

I was going to say the talent booker for CBGB.

You were going to say that?

Do you want to?

Yeah.

Let's edit it.

Just let's edit it earlier.

Let's edit this in.

All right.

Say it now and then we'll edit it in.

Here we go.

Um, Senator.

Senator?

Senator.

Are you thinking you're addressing Congress?

You got it.

You just put it, Senator.

Okay.

I'll put it in Senator.

I don't know why.

So what is going on with Brooklyn nine, nine these days, Neil?

You got, of course, uh, well, season Johnny, Johnny, Johnny, Francia.

Johnny, Francia is there.

Is, uh, yeah, sort of the main antagonist of the series.

Right.

And then, of course, you, uh, all the new characters, when, when Chelsea left, uh, I mean, it seemed like you introduced like 20 new characters trying to fill the vacuum.

Yeah.

Uh, you got, uh, of course, uh, Dr. Petronas.

Dr. Petronas.

Right.

He was hilarious.

Yeah.

Yeah, but too tall the actor was too tall.

Yeah.

I always noticed like the camera would just cut off.

Like you'd only see his nose and then you can never see his eyes, which is tough on acting because you don't know who he's looking at.

And I remember I would always be like, who was he talking to?

And he was never who you would expect.

Yeah.

And it ruined many a joke.

Right.

Yeah.

You can see that.

Yeah.

Um, we've had quimbly, quimbly.

Yeah.

The little ghost.

Oh, that's why I don't know who that is.

I've never seen him.

Oh, I guess I've seen him move stuff around though.

Yeah.

If you have a shot, you'll sort of see a pen floating in midair.

That's right.

That's quimbly.

Yeah.

That's quimbly.

I didn't know that either.

I thought it was a sentient pan.

Because you've had a sentient pan as well.

There is.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's and I, this is why you get confused.

We also named that character quimbly.

Okay.

Well, I knew about that quimbly.

Yeah.

Okay.

The fan favorite.

Yeah.

But when you said quimbly, I knew you meant a ghost and I had never seen that ghost before.

Yeah.

That's why I was confused.

I understand.

It's all on me.

Yeah.

Well, it's really the network, but yeah.

Oh, is this the network brass?

Yeah.

They're always at more quimbly.

You know which one.

I thought it was always just a phrase network brass.

They have their own brass section.

They do tubas.

Horns.

Is that how Fred Silverman initially got the job at NPC?

Yeah.

He could just wail on a tuba.

It's just tuba wailing.

That is one instrument that I've always said wailing is appropriate.

Yeah.

It makes this sound...

Well...

What?

Well, it was the animal whale.

It'd be pretty good.

The tuba...

You'd think about it.

It's pretty close.

What?

A greeting card?

Yeah, a greeting card.

If it was a whale, the animal, the mammal.

No, did I just do a tuba or did I do a great humpback whale?

This sounds like the latest low-beat dick reboot.

You know in the next one, Ahab's gonna have a tube.

Oh, yeah.

Well, I wonder four letters in Ahab.

Four letters in tuba.

Well, I wonder if they'll make jokes about that.

Well, Neil's just a little bitter because he and I went in and pitched a...

Moby dick reboot.

Oh.

We got past a word.

Any bites?

If you know what I mean.

He's got...

We've heard them all.

Where did you hear those?

In the pitchy world.

From sea world.

Where we worked on the pitch together.

Wait, I thought that was seaward.

You got seaward.

That word flew.

I remember.

I remember it as we were trying to figure this out.

I remember that summer.

You wrote me a note.

You said I'm going to seaward.

You forgot to type the L. I just assumed you were in a seaward the entire summer.

But you guys were actually at seaworld?

Seaworld working on our pitch for a Moby dick.

Wow.

It inspired us to be around the marine life.

Amazing.

So wait, you went down to seaworld to work on your pitch for a thing that you weren't inspired yet to do?

No.

Okay, wow.

This is incredible.

What happened in this Moby dick?

Well, Captain Ahab had muscles.

Muscles, muscles, muscles.

Finally.

So this, that's the main distinction.

Yeah.

He was, we were going to say we're going to hire an actor.

We're going to put him on a strict diet.

He's going to work out for.

Why don't you just hire an actor already as muscles?

No one ever pitched that.

Yeah.

Thanks guys.

That would have been smart.

Because then we showed them the budget, we didn't have room in the wardrobe for pants.

So that was going to change the rating of it and everything.

Right.

Because the whale couldn't wear pants.

Oh, this is for the whale.

I was for a half.

No, no, no.

The whale was going to have a full outfit.

That was part of our pitch.

Okay.

This is going to look so cool under the water.

Yeah, under the water, his clothes soaking wet.

Damn.

Wait, soaking wet or damp?

Depends on which episode you're talking about.

Oh, this is a series.

Well, yeah, a series of films.

Yeah, like Star Wars.

Yeah.

So, episode one episode.

I like Star Wars.

There's nine.

Episode one, he's damp.

There's nine chapters.

Are they all out of order like Star Wars?

Yeah.

And even more out of order.

Oh, really?

So which one didn't start with?

Well, I started with a Moby Dick story that was a sort of separate prequel.

A separate.

Oh, yeah.

We did not want the whale eight.

Yeah.

He grew up eating.

Yeah.

Where he got his first outfit.

Okay.

And with the line, you love this.

It ends with the line.

I could get used to this.

Damn.

Okay.

But then he's the whale.

The whale's not damp any longer after that?

Well, he's, he gets damper and damper.

Yeah.

He's just down for it.

He can get used to it.

Yeah.

Okay.

He says, I could get used to this.

But then he's not damp anymore.

So he's no longer used to it or he doesn't get the chance to be used to it.

There lies episode two, chapter two.

But that, which one is that?

Damn.

More damp.

No more damp.

But when does it come out next to summer?

Yeah.

Summer, I think.

I guess I was referring to the fact that they're all out of sequence.

Oh, yeah.

Well, we don't know.

Yeah.

We just told the studio, we said release them in any order you want.

Okay.

And then tell him to do his arm.

We'll show up and collect.

I was a little worried though, because when I said, we said, we picked the guy at the studio.

He said, you picked the calendar dance.

And they said, we got the best dance for the job.

Who was it?

I think I was cross-eyes.

The guy was cross-eyes?

Yes.

No.

I had a moment of concern.

Oh my God.

You didn't see that?

You didn't see that.

We went, this could ruin everything.

These movies have a very specific.

And you didn't see his cross-eyes before you said you pick?

No.

We'll probably be fine.

Or probably be fine.

Let's go back.

I think it'll be fine.

Return back and go, shake it, cancel the cactus.

Oh my God.

No.

And he was going, ow, ow, ow, nice to meet you.

Ow, ow, ow.

No, this is a disaster.

I know.

Well, that's why.

But, you know, I think people will be into it sort of a non-sequential thing.

Hmm.

Yeah, people love figuring out the order.

Like, perfection.

Yep.

Okay, all right, this sounds good.

And when do these come out, you said?

It's up for debate.

Yeah, not between us.

Right.

The calendar guy accidentally put one of the release dates as being seven years ago.

So we're figuring out how to...

Oh, yeah.

No, this is tough.

Not good.

At a pre-release.

Oh, well, speaking of not good, Paul, I have to ask you, you've been on the show a few times.

Yes, a few.

A few.

Yeah.

And as in, anytime I appear, you go, whew, whew, he's here.

He's coming up.

You were up.

Huh?

You said he's here and I said, you cracked me up.

Oh.

Oh, okay.

I was relieved that you were here.

But in your mind, you thought I was relieved that you were just going up.

You were just like, whew.

No, I was just relieved you showed up.

Oh, good, good, good.

Well, I'm here.

Okay, good.

Well, I'm glad that you're here because there's a feature that you have done on the show a few times.

I forget why this started, but I remember...

I remember...

I had some things on my chest that I needed to get off.

You had some things that were some possessions on your chest and you needed to get these off.

And so you started this feature on the show.

Are you prepared to do it on this episode?

Is that possible?

Yes, Scott.

No, you mean...

So clear, sir.

I'll get it.

Yeah, make sure that you're ready.

Oh, weird vocal warm-up.

We're not going to need to re-edit this at all.

This all stays in.

This stays in.

Get ready for...

No, no, no!

Yeah!

Oh, man.

I can't believe it.

I'm doing new no-nodes.

I can't believe it.

Wow.

I'm here for it.

This is great.

I don't know if you're familiar with new no-nodes.

Only by reputation.

Well, the lights are flashing at you.

That's a pretty good one.

Once the new no-nodes started, all of a sudden the lights started going off.

I love this.

I'm sure it's not an emergency.

No, I'm sure we're fine.

Listen, you know me.

I get peeved.

I get angered.

I get a little pee-ooed.

And listen, new no-nodes where I get those things on my chest, off my chest.

New no-no!

Static electricity!

No, I hate it.

I'm sorry, but are you here to do?

How annoying is static electricity?

I'm right.

I touch a couch.

Zap.

Yeah.

Oh, I'm going to touch a sweater.

Zap.

Always.

Always with the zaps.

It's like Mother Nature.

Yeah?

She put me in her electric chair and I'm saying, warden, baby, please, it's cruel and unusual but it's me.

Okay.

All right, but what's your solution?

Well, if we can't outlaw static electricity, I guess we have to worship its power, huh?

Is that it?

Is that the deal?

Okay.

New no-no.

Every time I get shocked by electricity, I need to get down on my knees and praise electrodes.

Oh, and thank her for sharing her bounty with us.

Thank you, oh, thank you.

Sir.

New no-no shocks are by God now.

Oh, wow.

No, no, no archery.

Archery?

I'm sorry, look, no.

I barely had time to recover from that previous one, but now you're on to archery?

Okay, I'm sorry, get out of here, but anybody who loves archery, is it just me or is archery the world's number one sport for our weenies?

Whoa.

Yeah, sorry fellas.

I can't go out and play big space ball right now.

Oh, I gotta shoot arrows with my little bow.

Hey, what?

I mean, what?

I've said it.

New no-no.

If you ever catch me dabbling in archery fellas, just shoot an arrow right at my fanny.

You know, no shoot arrows at my fanny.

You are shooting arrows.

How about two more?

I'm not sure.

I always said it's not a two more, but you go ahead with it.

New no-no mermaids.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, mermaids.

Finally.

Mermaids.

Hey, listen up.

Yeah, you don't exist.

Oh.

So mermaids, you can stop swimming around in your little sea kingdoms.

Yeah, cause yeah, sorry mermaids hate to break you to ya.

I mean, I don't know how to put this book.

You're imaginary.

Okay.

Ah, God, I hope they've heard that.

What?

You should end with like new no-no and then a summary.

No, no, no mermaids.

The time is now.

We must call a truce.

Oh, okay.

It seems to be the wrong lesson.

Oh wait, the clock stops.

Start it up again.

Start the clock.

Good afternoon to you.

Yes, slimmers.

No, no, no.

One more.

Last one.

Here we go.

Zoos.

Zoos are zoos.

Yeah.

This is very important that we know it's.

Zoos, plural zoos.

Oh, the plural of zoos.

Have you ever been to one of these places?

Zoos, they call them.

Sure, yeah.

The San Diego, Santa Barbara, the Los Angeles.

Almost got all over the country.

Oh, yeah.

They got them everywhere.

Yeah.

Every animal on earth in one place, they say.

Really?

Yeah.

Really every animal, really?

How about dogs?

Mm, how about, I don't know, cats.

Okay, it's a good point.

Bow wild meow meow, rigabelle.

Yeah, I think I'll eat.

Sort of.

Rigabelle.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I went to get a bowl of milk meow.

Yeah.

Rigabelle, for me.

Yeah, rigabelle.

Between the lines of what they're saying.

No, no, no.

Every animal on earth should be in a cage.

Oh.

Especially dogs and cats.

Oh, oh.

That's controversial.

No, no, no.

Hey, my fans are maniacs.

They get it.

They know I'm a maniac.

But we looked at the world and we were like, no.

Wow.

They're way bigger maniacs.

That's just kind of what I'm trying to say.

I think I'm hearing the alarm that was going off the entire time we were doing new no-no.

So we should probably take a break.

But those are great new no-nos.

Congratulations, fall.

Thank you.

You're right.

That was a good.

I've never seen a dog in a zoo.

That would be the cutest zoo ever.

Yeah, especially one in a cage.

Yeah.

All right, well, let's take a break.

See what this alarm is all about.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang, bang, after this.

Comedy bang, bang, we are back.

Boy, that alarm.

I mean, what happened was, is basically it was a big fire in the building and Paul and Neil burned up.

But that is OK.

We have a couple of other guests to get to.

Too bad for them, of course.

No more new no-nos, I guess, ever again.

But at least we went out on a, I don't want to say hi note.

We went out on a note.

Certainly, it's in that old treble cleft that I love so much.

But let's get to our next guest.

They are, look, you know them as the fix it, guys.

Please welcome Cleven Gary.

Hey, guys.

Hey, Scott, good to see you.

How you doing, Scott?

How's it going?

I'm doing really good.

Whoa.

I'm doing really good, Scott.

What is the 10th anniversary or the third or something like that?

It's the Groot anniversary.

I am Groot.

All right, we all, yeah, we know.

Everybody's Groot these days.

But I'm doing really good.

How are you, Cleven Gary?

Pretty well.

Yeah, we're good.

You're what?

Pretty well.

Okay.

Now you're the fix it, guys.

Yeah, we're the fix it, guys.

What is that?

We host a call in show.

People call in.

They ask us how to fix things.

We tell them how to fix it.

Okay.

So it's on the terrestrial radio or it's a podcast.

What it would exactly.

Well, anywhere that wants to air it will let them air it.

Okay.

So you licensed this out to places.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

We were calling it.

Not to get too far into the business end of it.

But I just, let's get it very detailed.

Very detailed.

Okay.

So what kind of back end do you have on these episodes?

Badonka.

Donka.

Percent.

Maybe if she's five too.

All right.

Rascal.

All right.

So people call in.

People with problems around the house.

Yeah.

How do I fix this?

Yeah.

My pipe is dripping.

Oh, so this is like physical things that people are fixing.

Not emotional problems.

No, no, no, no, no.

Physical things.

But it can't lead to the emotional.

Sometimes through the act of fixing a physical thing.

It has an emotional release.

Oh, okay.

But now people don't call in to say like, hey, how do I fix my relationship?

No, no, no.

What's on do?

Because they got confused.

They just saw the time.

I was confused.

Yeah.

When I hear the fix it, guys, first thing that pops into my mind is, well, these guys can help my relationship.

Yeah.

Well, and you would say before we record our relationship troubles.

Yeah.

I was telling, I was unloading on you guys.

Well, first of all, my friends died.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

During the commercial.

I can't help you there.

They might come back as Freddy's.

That's a good point.

Freddy's.

Yeah.

From a never an Alfred.

Oh, it was all a hot night.

But it would be in Rhapsody.

Yeah.

Because they did, they were horribly scarred in this fire.

That was the other night.

I saw the bodies.

They were horribly scarred.

Oh, I'm glad I didn't see it.

Well, you tried.

But I was holding you back going, no, cleaved.

And I was trying to keep my eyes lids open, but you wouldn't let them.

No, I closed them like you were dead on a movie.

I just like waved my hand in front of your eyes and they automatically closed.

Very gentle.

Yeah.

Gently.

You are cleve, by the way, right?

That's cleve.

Yeah.

I'm cleve.

And you're Gary.

I'm Gary.

And it's Gary and cleve, not cleve.

Gary and Gary.

Gary and is your name?

No.

Gary and is my name, but I only go by Gary.

Oh, you shortened it to Gary.

I shortened it to Gary and then Gary.

Like Sis and he's the first.

Oh, okay.

Sis and he's the first.

Got it.

So Gary and is like the male Mary.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

And is he?

You're saying he's all male?

Yeah, he's a fellow Mary Anne through and through.

Okay, good to know.

So now you're the fix it, guys.

We're the fix it, guys.

Yeah.

You're calling with a problem?

We'll tell you how to fix it.

You're going to need some time.

Am I going to make an exam?

Demonstration.

I would love something like this because I don't know that the idea is coalescing for me.

Okay, so let's say someone calls into our show.

I'll be the caller.

You and cleve?

You'll just be cleve fix it.

Easy.

Okay, so now is this going to be a good scenario for you?

Because you're not going to have your co-host on with you.

Maybe I should play Gary?

Oh, please.

Yeah, that sounds not can you?

Okay, great.

We wanted to ask, but we were a little bashful.

Oh, don't be nervous.

No, I'm here to help.

All right.

All right, your chair is so hot and sizzling from the...

From the fire, yeah.

Yeah, I know.

That wasn't part of the demonstration.

I'm just saying the...

I mean, I said at the beginning of that episode, the room was very hot.

Little did we know.

Now we know why it was so hot.

Now you know why.

Yeah.

Well, do you know why?

Okay, great.

All right.

Oh, hey, it's...

Oh, you're listening to...

Clav the Fix-It Guys, of course.

Hey, Gary.

That's right.

We're the Fix-It Guys.

We're going to have this terrestrial and beyond...

I'm worried the collar is going to hang up.

Hello.

Hi, yeah.

Hey, yeah.

Hey, hey, hey.

Hey, this is Gary.

Do you have a relationship question?

No, no, no.

Do you have a...

Do you have a fix-it problem?

What?

Do you have a...

What?

Do you have a...

What?

What's your name?

Teresa.

What's your name, Ma'am, or sir?

My name's Teresa.

I live in Montclair, out at Clamberton.

And I can...

You live in Montclair out in Clamberton?

Yeah.

That sounds like two cities.

No, Montclair is in Clamberton, which was within...

What is Montclair?

Montclair is a city in Montclair, is it county?

Montclair is in...

Right.

And then...

Oh, yeah, I've been there.

I've camped there.

And that's the impossible thing.

So, look.

Right.

Okay.

I can have a couple of them.
