---
layout: page
title: 686. Holiday Spectacular 2020 w⧸ Jason Mantzoukas, Paul F. Tompkins, Andy Daly, Jon Gabrus, Lauren Lapkus, Ego Nwodim, Carl Tart, Lily Sullivan, Tim Baltz, Shaun Diston, Dan Lippert [9856a10a-1ef7-4ed4-8a31-ac910012f3aa].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Don't pick your neighbor's flower, but always poop before you shower. Welcome to Comedy Bank Bank.

Thanks to the real Andrew Lloyd Webber! Wow!

Andrew Lloyd Webber! Interesting. I don't know what that means with the real Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Assuming there's a fake Andrew Lloyd Webber out there somewhere, I'm not quite sure.

But that's also great to know that he's a listener.

Yeah, that's true. And quite scatological, which I wouldn't expect from the writer of memory.

But having just watched cats for How Did This Get Made, I will say that I believe he would make that poop joke.

Well, were there poop jokes in cats? I don't recall. I mean, I think all of cats is a poop joke.

I think it's just a shitty movie. Yeah. But that doesn't make it a poop joke, necessarily.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't remember ever seeing a J-hollum.

It's a turtle. Just squatting in the middle of the town square.

By the way, I would have watched it. Yeah, I know you would.

That's a why you watched it, hoping that we have it. I was like, ooh, I bet these cats are going to dump.

And then I found out they cut all the buttholes out of it.

Yep, they did. They tore everyone a new Be-hole.

No, they paced it over and got nobody's Be-hole.

I'm saying on this show, release the butthole cut.

That's right. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. My name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang, very special, decky doggy edition holiday episode 2020.

The year that we will all remember where we were when it happened the entire year.

And final episode of the year, other than the best ofs, which are coming up next week.

And we have a very special show for you. A lot of guests, of course, we know that Comedy Bang Bang has an open door policy.

And this week is no exception. I don't quite know who is going to be on the show.

They're just going to show up as they come. And speaking of showing up and coming, my special co-host for the show today, you know him from the dictator.

You know him from... Nothing else. I'm blanking. I know you...

I haven't worked since then.

You pop up in everything, but I can't think of anything you've ever been in.

I don't mind at all. I'm not here to plug my career, Scott.

I'm here to exercise our friendship on the airway.

That's right. Oh, big mouth. You are in big mouth. I did hear you in big mouth.

Season four. I kept watching big mouth wondering when I was going to show up in it.

You know what? I never did. Oh, what? Oh, no. They draw me in it, but they never put me in it.

So you were thinking that you, without having done a voice, you were thinking you would just have maybe show up?

Yeah, just to suit. I mean, you know, I saw those pictures of me and my friend, Paul of Tonkens, and just assumed that maybe I'd be in it this time. But no, it didn't end up happening.

But yes, he's in big mouth. Season four, currently out.

Currently streaming on Netflix. Please welcome back to the show special co-host Jason Manzukas.

Hey, oh, thrilled to be here. Scott, how are you?

I'm great. You know, we speak every week. We do a week speak.

We do a classic week speak. We do a classic weekly zoom and where we talk about comic books with each other and we don't podcast it to keep it special. Can you imagine?

Can you imagine we spend hours talking to each other about comic books and you fucks don't even get to hear word one.

Thinking about it now, we should just record it and put it up on it.

People would be into it. Yeah, but then we get personal. We talk about our lives and we don't need people to hear that.

I don't need people listening to me cry about my loneliness.

He's back in the closet. Jason Manzukas with all of his sweaters.

He's just about to take a...

Go ahead and take that swig. I can vamp until you. He has a giant giant mug of something.

I'm presuming coffee. 64 ounces of coffee. That's right.

And I vamped long enough that he is now talking.

And Jay, what are your Christmas plans?

You know, Scotty, I've got so many... It's Christmas is one of my favorite holidays.

Of course. Yeah. You got to New Year's Day.

In Sequential Order. New Year's Day. Oh, New Year's Day.

Boxing Day, Flag Day.

Boxing Day is not... That's the end of the list. I don't know. I don't know any. I don't know.

But you don't celebrate any holidays from New Year's Day to Boxing Day?

I don't. Zero. But you said Christmas is one of your favorites.

When is Boxing Day? I believe it's December 26th. Oh, I had no idea. Okay.

You know what? I'm going to abandon the holidays because I don't know when any of them are.

You don't know when they are, yes. Well, those ones that keep changing.

I'll tell you what, I did just order an artificial Christmas tree.

You're going to order one? I just ordered one. Or not just.

It's about to arrive.

So I'm going to have, for the first time in a very long time, because normally I go home to the East Coast to spend Christmas with my family.

And so I don't usually have a Christmas tree in my own house here in LA because I'm not here for it.

So I've just, for the first time because I'm going to spend Christmas alone in my home under house arrest.

I am going to COVID house arrest. I'm going to have my own Christmas tree. I'm very excited.

Wow. And I am here for that. That is amazing. What are you going to put on that tree?

Do you need any special ornaments? Can I send anything your way?

Yeah, please. I'd love to see. I'd love some comedy bang.

Listen, if listeners want to send comedy bang, bang themed ornaments to Scott.

We need to make some ornaments. We really do. What would be on a comedy bang bang?

I mean, I didn't pronounce the name of the show anymore.

Comedy or comedy, comedy, bling bling bling.

I feel like you could get like the mouth, the comedy bang bang mouth in Signia.

Yeah, that's right. But I mean, something weird or something just.

Oh, oh, oh. I believe for our sister podcast, we've got to stop talking TMNT on CBB.

We have a wonderful new shirt in the stores that says the future is female and then it's a picture of splinter.

Just confusing. Oh, boy.

I forget why we were talking about that, but we made shirts, apparently.

But it would love to get some ornament ideas. Of course, we can't get them into stores in time for this year.

But you know, this is like a challenge for the next year.

Listeners, what would you like to see? What comedy bang bang catch phrases or ideas or bits?

Would you like turned into a Christmas ornament?

We have 53 weeks of lead time at this point for next year.

I mean, I think we can get this going really easily.

People are right now shouting while they're doing their laundry or whatever.

Blue, the Hainan man, the Christmas ornament.

I want it. Give me the man ornament.

All joking to sell it, ornaments.

You weren't part of that one, I know, but I know it.

But I know it. But I know it.

Jealous much as they say.

Hey, Jealousy. I think a lot of people.

I think a lot of people.

One saying, yes.

Sure, sure.

It could just tie a, you know, if you want to make your own comedy bang bang ornament at home, you could just come right in Fringement.

No, I will shrink.

Shut your shit down.

Tie some string around a pill and put it on the tray.

Give me that pill, do you? Give me that pill.

Oh, okay, great.

That was the pill.

You have in the house.

I wasn't part of that one either.

But make sure to put them up, you know, at least chest high so your small children can't get to the pills.

But J, great to see you.

Great to see you.

Stack show.

It is, of course, decky, dog knee.

So, it's so good.

And, uh, almost crazy.

And doggy, decky.

And doggy, decky indeed to you, sir.

And, uh, hey, Penny and all of that, but we do need to get to our first guest.

Uh, if that's okay.

And, uh, there is no better month to speak to this person, although I believe he is harried and busy during this month.

So, uh, hopefully I can't believe he gave us some time here.

Just a week out from the big day of the big show.

Um, but he is here to talk to us.

He's been on the show a few times.

He's one of, uh, if I don't mind saying it, I don't believe I mind saying this.

He's one of our more combative guests, at least to me.

Uh, please welcome to the show, though.

He is the king of Christmas.

He is the deacon of December 25th.

Please welcome to the show Santa Claus.

Oh, ho, ho, ho.

Oh, I am coming in very low energy.

I got it.

Coming in freezing cold.

Ice cold.

Yeah.

Hi guys.

What is Santa?

You okay?

You're right.

No, I'm fine.

I'm fine.

Um, you know, uh, good health.

Uh, all that.

Uh, I'm just, uh, I have, uh, I have an announcement that I have to make.

Oh my God.

It's kind of embarrassing.

Okay.

Go, go right ahead.

Yeah.

Please do you need us to set you up at all or, uh, how would you do that?

Do you need a, do you need a podium?

Uh, should we call the press corps?

I know that's, that's funny.

I guess some of some other special introduction.

Hopefully this will get, hopefully this will get picked up by the AP or something.

I don't know.

Okay.

I, um, I hope it's nothing to like life threatening or anything because we're.

No, no, it's not life threatening.

It's not, uh, everything, everything's fine.

I, I just, uh, you know, for health wise, uh, I just, uh, I have to tell everyone.

And this is, this is really hard for me to say and, and, uh, you know, I know it's going to make people mad.

Um, I didn't, I didn't do anything this year.

Really?

What do you mean?

Well, you know, with the pandemic and it seemed like there was a lot of talk about canceling holidays and, uh, so I thought, Oh, okay.

Uh, I guess we're not, we don't need to do this this year.

And, uh, so I am just flat out.

I, I don't, I don't have anything.

You, I don't have anything.

Meaning you, you didn't make any of the toys.

You gambled that Christmas wasn't going to happen.

So are fully unprepared.

I didn't, okay.

Now hold on.

In my defense, I don't think I gambled.

It was that a lot of people were saying that they were canceling these holidays.

Who are these people?

As Jerry Seinfeld said.

No, it's, it's, it's just the talk.

You know, they're government officials.

On the talk?

Yeah, I saw it on the talk.

Melissa Gilbert told you this.

Sarah Gilbert.

Sorry.

I'm a bit of a, bit of a talk superfan.

Sorry.

Are the Gilbert girls, are they related and should they be?

Wait, I was just going to say is Melissa Gilbert, are Melissa Gilbert and Sarah Gilbert related?

Yes.

Everyone named Gilbert is related.

Gilbert Godfrey.

Yes.

A filbert, a filbert nut is a, is a cousin.

So, so I'll just move past that.

So, Santa, usually you start making the toys.

You give yourself one day off.

I know that December 26th where you sit in a hot tub and.

Oh, God.

I love that hot tub.

That was the best investment I ever made.

It's an above ground hot tub.

I love it's above ground.

Yeah, it's way above ground.

I have to climb a ladder to get into it.

It's about, it's about, I would say it's like 16 feet, 16 feet up.

Yeah.

Well, 16 feet deep or?

Yes, it is.

Oh, wow.

You can drown in that.

So I'm holding on to the sides for dear life.

So, yes.

Boy, it's more like a, it's more like a plunge hot tub.

Well, it's a salt water hot tub.

So I float and, and, but also it gives me a lot of privacy because no one can see me and I could just be hanging out there and look.

I, I, I'm a kind of guy where it's a t-shirt to the pool.

So, you know, to, to be able to really, to really just be myself.

Let it all hang out.

You know, in this 16, 16 foot high hot tub.

It's a, it's a golf ball where no one is.

Yeah.

But let me tell you you have the, what, the elves.

Oh, they must have to climb like a waterslide level ladder to get into the tub.

It's pretty high.

But it's safe.

It's not like action park or some shit.

Like I really, I worked it all out.

No, no, no, I wouldn't think it's, I'm sure.

I'm sure it's very safe, but that seems excessive.

Yeah.

So, you know, what about like an elevator or one of those, you know, how if you have a, older parents, that seems decadent.

That's a little seat that kind of the motorized seat.

Who's older than me?

And I'm not using one of those.

You know what I mean?

I remember we used to have family friends when I was a kid and when we would go to their house, they had one of those seats that would go up the stairs to bring their, to bring the grandmother up the stairs.

And we would always ride it.

Like it was a ride.

It was a kitsm of the stairs.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

I mean, listen, toys are some of my favorite stuff.

I just am so sad right now to realize many children will not be reciting.

What I was going to say is you, you usually start back up again.

You ramp up production.

Oh, I guess we're talking about that again now.

Yeah.

So, I mean, you don't have any toys that you made from December 27 through March 15th or so.

All right.

I don't, I don't like to allow this much of a peek behind the curtain, but here's what happens.

We don't really start up production again until March.

Whoa.

What are you doing between December 27th and March?

I'll tell you exactly what I'm doing is I'm giving kids a grace period so that for January and February, nothing counts towards naughty and nice.

So you're not even so not only are you not manufacturing, you're not even you're not checking in.

You're not no peeking?

No, it's very.

You're telling me it's a no peeking?

It's very, it's very loose.

It's not as strict as we are throughout the rest of the year.

Obviously, we check in to see if any kids are like a bad seed murderer or something.

They're not getting, they're getting cold for sure.

What are you?

Are you just checking the papers or the police blotter?

How are you checking on?

Check the papers.

Where are you, Santa, on clean coal?

No such thing.

Fair.

It's cold.

It's filthy as hell.

Yeah.

Okay.

Good.

Good to know.

So, so kids can do whatever they want.

I mean, this is just going to be pandemonium.

Within, within reason.

It's not like the purge.

Is it like, is it like, by the way, the next purge movie is a kid purge?

Really?

It's, it's, it's a preteen.

It's a YA purge.

It's a purge.

Oh, okay.

I'm into that.

I would watch that.

Is it set on that reality show where the kids took over a Western town?

Yes.

What was it?

Utopia would not.

I don't, I don't believe it was called Utopia.

It's not called Utopia.

I can't remember what it was called, but yes.

Lord of the horse flies.

So, so you've done nothing.

This is going to be such a blow to children all over the world.

Yeah.

I mean, it's, well not, I mean, you know, there are, there are kids in a certain like week.

I would say we got in a week's worth of production before the lockdown.

Okay.

And it just, I've, I've been around a few pandemics in my day and this just seemed like I kind of saw the writing on the wall that people are going to fuck this up.

And there's no way it's going to be over before Christmas and sure enough, I was right.

And so, you know, all this time I was thinking, well, I made the right call.

I made the right call.

And I got to tell you, I reconnected with my wife in a way that I haven't since we were first married.

Oh, well.

I got to know the, the elves in a way that I haven't before.

Which way is that?

As friends.

Oh, that's very lovely.

What did you think I meant?

I had no idea.

It's just, you had no idea.

Boy, oh boy.

You know, I come on this show and I'm, I'm coming a, a erm, erm, trimmed hat in hand.

And to, to, to give this very embarrassing announcement and then you're striking the news on this show, much like Todd Glass broke his news.

Oh, that's right.

This is an exclusive.

And then I get the BB exclusive.

I get the same old bullshit from the host.

You know what I mean?

I, I apologize.

I just, uh, you know, I mean, do you mean it?

Do you mean it?

I guess all I'm saying is, is you've known those elves for thousands of years at this point.

What else is there to get to know about them?

I get to know them as individuals as opposed to a boss worker relationship.

So did you kind of go through and did you go through like an undercover talking about it?

Was it like, yeah, Jason, I did an undercover box where I, I, I, I myself as a gigantic elf.

Did you do it like, do it?

Yeah, I could see it happening.

Like I still don't have my own boots.

I kneeled on my own boots.

Door, door, door from the north.

Door from the north.

That's right.

Whatever that means.

Now we're just free associated.

I'm on, I mean, this is what it always devolves into.

I know.

I'm sorry, uh, Santa.

I forgot your second look.

So what's your plan?

Oh, you're laughing again.

That made me laugh.

That's the bowl full of jelly is bad.

The idea that okay.

I don't mean to comment on your weight.

Yeah, you did though.

Well, it's a famous poem.

I yeah, everyone likes to use that excuse.

Like I wrote it.

You wrote it again.

I remember a podcast.

I heard a podcast where the.

Clement Clark Moore, the Nutri-islaval slave owner.

That's right.

That was a good show.

Yes.

Oh, well, Santa, this is terrible.

I mean, this is Christmas day is going to be a national day of morning.

We made, we made about in that week in March, we made about, I'm going to say 75 toys.

Okay.

We're going to go to the very top of the nice list and see who deserves it.

But after that.

Wait, is the nice list in order of nicest to worst, really?

Well, yes, we, not only naughty and nice, but we also quantify how nice and how naughty are you.

Wow.

So, so who, like who gets the top score and what is the percentage?

Is this like, you know, Jesus Christ, the year that he was around, he was 100% nice.

Other than that, that money lenders thing.

Well, and he also cursed that fig tree.

Oh, that's true.

So, you got a 99.96 maybe.

That was wild.

I mean, let's talk about angry.

Quite a lot.

Quite a lot of your job, Santa.

It sounds like it's a lot of like statistical analysis.

Oh, absolutely.

I mean, every, look, it's, it's a vast operation.

Everyone's got their responsibilities and myself, Mrs.

Claus and a few trusted associates.

We are the ones that are going through and quantifying the niceness and the naughty.

And it's, it's, we've got it down to a science.

It's pretty easy at this point, but, but yeah, only 75, only 75.

Who are the top 75 this year?

Can you announce any of them?

Yeah.

Anybody are excited to give some of these gifts to anybody that you're like, ah, these kids really deserve it.

Like a Greta Tunberg Greta Tundberg.

Yes, she gets one.

Uh, she's going, she's going to get an easy make up.

Oh, really?

Something that he's out.

I don't think you should give her something that he eats Malala.

Of course.

She's a, she's, she seems to get more of those Barbie heads where the hair grows.

Okay.

Turn the crank and the hair comes out.

Okay.

So you're, so all of the 75 toys you built, they seem to, two of them seem to be from the 1970s.

Yeah, so it's correct.

Well, here's the thing.

There's some weird kids that get into weird stuff.

Yeah.

We start making those first because we don't, we don't have to make a lot of them.

And it's like, let's get, this will be fun.

Let's get this out of the start off with something fun.

Uh, you know, future gay kids.

They love this guy stuff.

It's sketchy stuff.

Yeah.

Um, so, uh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's, uh, it's not a lot.

And, and look, look, just so everyone knows, of course I'm embarrassed.

I'm mortified.

Uh, I, I should have just honestly, at the very least, I should have been, I should have kept in production because even if Christmas was completely canceled, I would have to jump on next year.

But it's very hard.

Yeah, it's very hard during COVID to, to motivate yourself.

I would imagine.

Can I ask you, can I ask you this Santa?

Is there any part of you that thinks like, Oh, at the very least, you should try and deliver gifts.

You maybe you could buy a lot like, I mean, I know, I stuff or there's like, I've been buying stuff like on Amazon.

I've been buying stuff, you know, first of all, first of all, first of all, there's no fucking way Santa ever re gifts.

Okay.

Let's get that out of the, out of the equation.

I'm not looking, I'm not looking around my cottage in the North Pole saying, uh, uh, uh, uh, that's not what I do.

What do you do with all your old crap?

Do you donate it or I donate a lot of stuff.

Yeah.

Okay.

I do a lot of stuff.

Like if you get a gift bag with like, uh, with a throw blanket, what do you do with it?

Uh, I sometimes those blankets are nice.

But, uh, what about moisturizer that you're allergic to?

Uh, well that I, I, I see if anyone likes it, you know, I wouldn't, I wouldn't wrap it as a gift, but I would like, okay, I'll hold like, you're playing fast and loose with the re gifting.

Re get re a gift is when you, a re gift is when you take something, it's in your home, you wrap it up like you bought it and then you give it to someone, but just going up to someone saying, do you like this?

Is this something that you would do?

Do you do this?

Have it.

Christmas.

No, I don't do it.

No, on cr, Jesus, do you have any concept of what my Christmas is like?

Well, you're done by Christmas.

What is it like?

Well, I have to go all the way to fuck back home to the North Pole.

How long does that take you?

How long does that take?

Here's the thing.

You can get everywhere.

No, no, no.

One night.

That's in one night, I can do that.

But then the journey back to the North Pole is in real time.

Oh, wow.

Yes.

By, by, by, by, by, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

No one ever talks about that.

Do they know what talks about that?

Clement Clark Moore, you slave, son of a bitch.

Do you have to travel commercial back to the North Pole?

No, I have to, I have to travel with that goddamn slave with a ring.

Oh, my God.

And we can't fly.

We have.

It's, it's land based travel.

Just over there.

And through the woods.

Oh, that last, that last leg, it's like fucking fits corrado.

I'll tell you to try to get that, try to get that.

Get that boat over that boat.

Boy, oh boy, it's a, it's a real drag.

It's a real drag guy.

And my understanding is Werner Herzlog is trying to do a documentary about that exact trip.

Yeah.

You know, I'm, I'm open to it, but I don't.

Yeah.

You would talk with him or.

We've talked about it on enough for years and I, I feel like the time is not yet right, but eventually I will, I would like to do that.

Especially now that, that Prancer has been replaced by, um, uh, Klaus Kinsky in the, in the reindeer lineup.

That's right.

Yeah.

What happened to, what happened to Prancer?

Prancer's just taking it easy, you know, he broke, he broke his leg.

I didn't want to shoot him.

Oh, okay.

Oh, you didn't want to.

I didn't want to shoot him.

He's, he's a good guy.

He's family.

He's a good guy.

And, uh, you know, I don't know what it is with these creatures.

Any, anything that's got like a great big body and then the spinly little legs like, yeah, what is that design?

You know, do you have a, do you have a rifle just in case you do need to put one of them down?

Well, I have a rifle in case anyone breaches the North Pole.

Wow.

So you are armed.

You are a, are you a second amendment, uh, right supporter?

I'm not an absolutist, but, uh, I do believe in protecting my home and, uh, and of course, protecting the mystique of, of, uh, Santa Claus and my legend of the North Pole.

Of course I buy this is obviously what's going on now.

Can I ask you to say that?

Is the North Pole a stand your ground state?

I mean, it's just us up there.

So yeah, I guess that's right.

You make your own rules, right?

We make our own rules.

I mean, it's, it's so we haven't had anyone try to, to, to break in at a really long time.

What was it?

Yeah.

When was the last time?

DB Cooper.

Is that what happened to him?

It's, it's, it's parachute.

It caught some wind and he drifted all the way to the North Pole.

Wow.

Well, did he have his suitcase of full of money with it?

Yes, he did.

Tried to buy his way out.

But we have to put him down.

Oh no.

I heard that that's the next Oceans movie is breaking into the North Pole.

Yeah.

Right.

We're going to need the next tower heist actually in the tower heist franchise.

Oh yeah.

What, what is keeping the next tower heist?

What is the heist?

The heist diverse.

Well, Santa, this is a terrible situation.

Yeah, I feel for every, I feel for you.

I empathize with you.

I mean, it's been very.

You think you love me?

I.

Wow.

Partridge family style.

You find feel for me?

You think you love me?

Of course.

I'm.

I love you.

Well, I mean, maybe I can send me class.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest.

And I'm sorry to hear the Santa.

Can you stick around for a bit?

For a bit.

Okay.

Very good.

He is a I know sometimes Santa, you travel to Germany.

Sometimes I do.

Sure.

Every year, I think.

Things I travel to Germany every single year.

So you've probably seen this guy wandering around.

Oh, I've seen you.

The streets of Germany.

Absolutely.

He is wandering around the streets of Germany.

On December 24th.

He is a pretzel maker extraordinaire.

Please welcome back to the show August Lindt.

Oh, hi, thank you so much.

So wonderful to be here.

So wonderful to have you.

Yeah, but it goes a little too far to call me a pretzel maker.

I work in a pretzel factory and I am a salt inspector.

That's why you don't physically make them.

You check them out to make sure that the salt is okay.

I just check out the salt.

I just only look at the salt after the salt goes through the process.

I have nothing to do with the pretzel.

Pretzel checker?

Is that more accurate or salt?

Salt inspector.

Okay.

Look at he's holding up his badge.

Specifically.

He says showing you his badge salt inspector.

He's asking me for my papers or something.

Please, please, please.

Don't say that.

Very sensitive.

Okay, yeah, I need to bring that up.

That's a subject there.

Yeah, yeah.

We don't really talk about any of the kinds of wars that we've done in the past here in Germany.

We just don't touch on it.

You're right, right.

Yeah.

August is so great to see you.

Especially during a decky doggy here in December.

Are you on one of your many vacations?

Well, of course I am scotch.

Yes, I'm on vacations.

You know, I only get about this year.

This year has been difficult because of the pandemic.

We've only had 11 months of vacation at this pretzel factory.

I'm so sorry.

It's been very difficult.

Did you usually get 12?

It's very hard.

You've been exhausted.

Yeah, yeah.

It's really tiring.

Yeah, the problem is too that that one month of work is spread out over the whole year.

So it's hard to get out.

Oh, I didn't know that.

So you do one day or like a half day, then you come back for a half day.

Yeah, that's right.

Oh, you can't go on long trips.

But right now I'm taking, I've decided, you know, a lot of times people just say to me, August, you're always going to terrible places.

How come you don't treat yourself to a wonderful vacations?

So I says, okay, that's fine.

This time I'm going to the islands.

And so I've spent some time at the islands.

I've got it.

Oh, which islands?

I mean, Jamaica or Cuba?

Come on, pretty boobah.

Oh, no!

Wait, wait, quite how that goes.

Not that's how each boy is in the depths of their 1980s.

Come on, pretty boobah.

And baby Yoda's real name.

Oh, God.

Sorry to forget.

And Grogu.

No, they gave him Jamaica and Bogu.

Come on, little Grogu.

That's fun.

I can't get enough of that baby Yoda.

He's very adorable.

Oh, yeah.

Did you make any of those before the pandemic struck?

Any dolls of the baby Yoda?

Could not do that because of licensing.

No, he's talking to me, August.

Sorry, I'm sorry.

No, I didn't expect you to make any of these.

August.

I think I'm making pretzels.

I have a question for August.

Did you make any baby Yoda salt effigies, August?

Did you at least inspect any?

Yeah, I've had baby Yoda on the mine so much that, of course, every once in a while, some salt will come down the line and I'll say, that one looks a little like baby Yoda.

So the salt looks like baby Yoda and not the pretzel.

Sometimes I'm only dealing with the salt.

Well, you're looking at the pretzel, I would measure.

It does it all is it all sort of fuzzy because you're laser focused on that salt.

You really don't understand it.

Scott, when I see the salt, it is not on the pretzel yet.

I'm determining that the salt belongs on the pretzel or not.

Oh, I had no idea.

I know we must have talked about this, but I assume.

A million times.

By the time it's on the pretzel, it's too late, right, August?

That's right.

You can't result.

You can't re salt a pretzel.

The salt that's on there has to have been approved previous.

Yeah, I, well, they have tried to re salt pretzels, but it's extremely expensive and it's just like forget it.

Yeah, well, a bell is just a cup until it's struck.

So August, what, what islands did you go to?

Where?

I go.

Hold on.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, go ahead.

Who's drinking out of a bell?

Like a, like a church bell?

What's the old, is Elmo a glove?

You know, I mean, it's when you really think about things.

Elmo's not a glove.

He's a puppet.

Yeah, he's not a glove.

I feel confident in saying Elmo is not a, if I saw somebody on the subway wearing an Elmo on each and all right, August, where did what islands did you go to?

Wow.

Very angry.

I went to all the typical islands.

Like first I got a job.

First I got a job at an islands hamburger in the Palm Desert.

Oh, okay.

The islands chain of restaurants?

Yeah, it's a regional chain.

Probably a lot of your listeners don't know about it.

I think it's a hamburger place.

It's a tropical themed hamburger place that seems to have a parrot decor on the walls.

Yeah, it's like the islands.

It's inspired by the islands and by hamburgers.

Right.

I got a job there for a while.

Then I went to the Isle of Dr. Moreau.

Wow.

Okay.

How many legs did you walk on?

Did you see lots of human creature hybrids, animal hybrids?

Oh yeah.

Well, they've taken over the island.

You know, Dr. Moreau himself has been dead for a long time now.

Oh, I have no idea.

Oh yeah.

They killed him, you know, they killed him.

His own creations.

Well, it was up and killed him.

Well, yeah, you got to.

You got to expect that when you're watching a Dr. Moreau film.

Like, you know, a man's hubris.

Man was never meant to play God.

And of course they're going to rise up and kill him.

Yeah, of course, you know, it was like they was very angry to be human.

They was more happy as animals and then to become part human was an outrage to them.

And so they killed their creator.

You don't think that if you were to evolve into a higher being, you would be happy about it?

No, not at all.

And obviously, not if I was not given a choice, like what are you talking about?

Like if I was to become a porpoise?

I don't know that a point for you were what would be your purpose.

What is the purpose of a porpoise?

Yes, that's true.

But okay.

So you some Gilbert and Sullivan ship.

We're aiming to get on studio 60 this season.

But look, season eight of studio 60 is the best.

So August, you've been traveling around these islands.

You went, of course, to the islands restaurant and then the island of Dr. Moreau.

And that's been taking up your time.

Did you visit Nick from islands?

Nick Thorburn.

How about islands in the stream?

Did you go there?

Oh, no, I didn't.

But you know what I am now guys.

Where's that?

I'm on the island of the Misfit Toys.

What?

Yeah.

I didn't.

But no, how did you find it?

I've been searching for that for years.

Oh, you have?

Yes.

Oh, the fugitives.

I'm trying to get them back.

What would you do with them, Santa?

You don't worry.

Don't worry about what Santa would do with those Misfit toys.

Is that why you originally bought that rifle to put them down?

Come on, Scott.

I don't know.

You know, you don't.

You really don't.

Is the island of Misfit Toys like Australia?

Is it like where the criminal toys were sent?

Like, is it like a prison island?

Or do you not want to give up its location because Santa will immediately go there?

Well, I was about to until he told me he was trying to track them down his fugitive.

So I was about to tell him exactly where the island of Misfit Toys is.

But now I can't say a word.

I'll put on earmuffs, all right?

Don't forget about it.

It's very cold here.

It is a beautiful island.

It is like Australia's in.

I can use some clues.

Yeah, yeah.

It's very cold.

So it's not by Australia because it's very hot there right now.

It's not near Australia.

That's for sure.

But it is similar to Australia in the sense that it is its own continent.

People don't know.

It's the eighth continent.

And also in the sense that there's kangaroos, but the kangaroos bounce around on their hands.

They're like, what?

Because they're Misfit kangaroos.

It's the island of Misfit Toys as well as Misfit kangaroos.

Oh, okay.

So all the Misfit kangaroos who bounce around on their hands make their way over to that island.

I guess so.

Oh my God.

That's incredible.

I don't know if they're indigenous to the island.

I didn't get into too much.

When you're on a holiday like this, I guess, are you like touring?

Are you looking around at like new salts?

Are you doing any kind of like exploration to discover new salt?

No, forget it.

I try to put the salt out of my mind altogether.

In fact, at one time I went to the salt flats for a vacation.

It was terrible because I was trying so hard to just like not focus on the salt because that's the job.

Sure.

Do you even eat anything with salt when you're on vacation?

I stay all the way away from the salt when I'm on a vacation.

I say to the waitress all of the times, is there salt in this recipe?

And they always say, well, I don't know.

And then I say, I would think they would say, yes, almost everything has salt in it.

Well, they claim not to know.

But then I say, I just hired help.

They don't, I mean, they're not the chefs.

Yeah, I will say tell the chef don't put no salt in this and then a lot of sometimes the chef comes out and says, trust me, you don't want to eat this for the episode.

You've been to salt and sea with all those off the grid methods?

Oh, yeah.

Sure I have.

Yeah.

Yeah, they're great.

Those guys aren't great.

They're great.

Salt of the earth, you might say.

Yeah, I have a wonderful time.

The off the grid methods are the best methods.

They really are because they don't, you're not going to get a lot of this kind of empty pop culture talk with those guys.

Yeah, they just want to do their method piece.

Yeah.

Is that the problem with regular methods is pop culture talk?

Yeah.

They want to get all jacked up on meth and talk about this season of real housewives of the Potomac.

Can I just do my meth and not have an opinion on the Queen's gambit?

Exactly.

It's tiresome.

These guys, I don't know anything.

They're off the grids.

Wow.

So what are you doing on this island then?

I mean, here on the island of this Fit Toys, I got to tell you about this.

Thanks for resetting.

Yeah.

I feel duty bound to understand how I understand.

I have to do it all the time.

Awesome.

Otherwise, it's an unencumbered chaos.

Exactly.

There's no rules, follower.

But anyways, there's no food here.

It's one of the problems.

Toys don't eat the food.

Oh, no.

Okay.

How are you doing?

Are you able to eat anything or any of the toys edible?

I always bring a fanny pack full of Luna bars wherever I'm going.

So I'm okay.

And I can make it like half a day on a nibble.

So I can, you know, that's fine for now.

There's plenty to drink because there is snow, which turns out really only water in a sense.

I'm sure it's frozen water, I believe.

Yeah.

If you can just make it.

Yeah.

Or even just you can put it in your pockets.

Your body heat then will be.

Yeah.

Same as for a rainy day.

Yeah, exactly.

But mostly it's just kind of walking around, to be honest with you, listening to these toys complain.

They're so depressing.

Why are they complaining?

I mean, they're on their own islands.

They have authority over themselves.

They're no longer under Santa's oppressive rule.

Come on.

Well, it's absolutely no, it's miserable.

I mean, they are under the oppressive rule of this lion.

There's some lion there.

Right, who's in charge of everything?

I don't know.

Really?

Yeah, he's like a lion up there.

Is it Azlian?

Is it Azlian from Chronicles of Nerdy?

As lane?

I wanted that to pronounce you.

Sure.

Why not?

I'm sure mine is wrong.

Yeah.

So I'm just saying that the lion is up there and he's being a real impossible king of this land.

And so everybody there is a surf and they...

But they're sad because they feel like there's misfits and they'd like to be under the tree.

So everyone's a surf is JK Rowling there to add a turf?

I don't understand.

Is it worth explaining?

Because I don't know how to...

Oh, it's just...

Is brainy there?

Who's brainy?

Because he's a smurf.

Oh, brainy smurf?

Yeah.

Yeah, there's a few smurfs here that came off the assembly line in colors other than blue.

Oh, no.

Any, any spongy footballs?

Or you mean like you're talking about a nerf?

Yeah.

I'm just saying I have one too.

There's one nerf ball here but it is hard as a rock.

If you throw it, you will become terribly injured.

Wow.

So I mean, this is...

Do they desire to be normal toys again?

Do they are much like the movie Toy Story?

Are they looking for a child's love in order to make them feel complete?

Look, this is the reality.

They are despondent.

They are not thinking in terms of solutions.

They are just like bereft.

Because I'm trying to engage them.

Like, what's the end game here?

Do you want to be repaired to be normal or do you want to be accepted as you are?

And all every single time I ask this, all I get is tears.

I guess.

Well, they're at the depths of their depression.

I mean, they're in the...

That's what it is.

Yeah.

I mean, in Dabda, they're still in the first stage.

Or maybe they've accepted that their life will never get better.

They're at the final stage.

It seems that way.

I don't think if you reach acceptance, I don't think you're bursting into tears.

Okay.

So they're still in denial or anger.

I forget what the B is.

Bargaining.

And then what's that second D?

I can never remember.

Depression.

Oh, they're in the final D.

Yeah, they are D.

Yeah, give him that final D, bro.

Yeah, they're intractively depressed.

Oh my gosh.

Well, at least you're keeping an upbeat attitude.

I mean...

Well, I think it's fascinating to be around all of these broken spirits.

I am.

It's like living in Germany.

Well, yeah, a little bit.

But sometimes you get a nice summer day and doodled off and people feel smile.

But this is the opposite.

It's just cloudy and miserable.

And it's just a sadness, sadness, sadness.

It's fascinating.

It's cloudy.

It's hot.

It's cold.

It's cold now.

It's cold.

That's right.

It's cold.

It's cloudy.

It's in the northern hemisphere.

Hmm.

Or how long, August, how long will you be there?

Is this a brief trip?

Are you there for a while?

Well, the boat that's supposed to come and pick me up is already...

So much accessible by boat.

Well, it's an island.

It's an island.

But I guess it doesn't have a jagged rock surrounding it.

Well, it doesn't have a landing strip is what I'm saying.

You can't fly there.

Right.

A helicopter, maybe?

I mean, do you have a landing strip?

August?

A sea plane.

You bet I do.

It's still keeping the upkeep on your pubes.

Well, I am.

Although, listen, my wife has taken no interest.

But anyways...

You're married for some reason.

Yeah, I'm married.

So terrible marriage.

Well, I don't know about that.

But I have a wife and several children.

As your original cook.

Oh, that's right.

No, no, that's not true.

You know, a lot of people have said that to me, hey, I think your boss, Schmeiderberg, is cheating on your wife or cheating on your...

Well, he and your wife is cheating on something.

And I have said to him, I have said, listen, you're not doing that.

Are you?

And he has said, don't be ridiculous.

So that's not true.

Is he...

Is he bulky?

I think your partner?

Don't be ridiculous.

Of course not.

Don't be ridiculous.

Did you make any bulky toys Santa before the pandemic?

Man, I did.

When that show came out, I thought kids are going to want this bulky.

They did not.

It's just a mandol, isn't it?

It's just a dollop or a pizza.

Later on the island of misfit toys, there is a bulky doll that just simply speaks fluent English.

I knew I was missing one.

He speaks perfectly well, just like me.

He's completely understandable all the time.

All the time.

He gets idioms, all of it.

Yes, he has no confusion about life in America.

Wow.

Well, look, we have to take a break.

August, are you sticking around or do you have to go?

I can't tell.

Okay.

We'll see when we come back on the other side.

We're going to come right back with more comedy bang bang.

We'll be right back with the comedy bang bang holiday special after this.

Comedy bang bang, we are back.

We have Jason Manzukas here of the fabled Manzukas.

We also have Santa Claus here.

Yes, Ho Ho Ho.

And August Lindt, of course, you have a catchphrase?

Um, pretzels.

I thought you liked salt, not pretzel.

I know you're putting on the spot.

Sorry.

Scott Scott.

Yeah.

I got to go put a log on the fire here because it's freezing.

Oh, okay.

All right.

So I'll be right back.

Okay.

Yeah.

It's carrying on without me.

All right.

We'll see.

Is that a you?

Is that a euphemism?

Put a log on the fire.

It literally is not.

It's cold.

I'm at the door full.

I'm going to put a log on the fire.

All right.

I thought you would have had special heating properties or something like that.

Well, anyway, everybody's levels sound great.

Let's just start rolling whenever you're ready, Scott.

If you want to get us off with the issue.

You know, we've been rolling for half a minute.

You know, the show's been happening for like 45 minutes.

At least we haven't been rolling.

Oh, fuck.

Is this, are we doing Easton standard time?

No, God, damn it.

I'm on Greenwich meantime because I'm going off the world clock these days because of Bitcoin.

Oh, look, that makes sense.

Are you living that crypto life?

I'm on neck deep.

I'm pussy deep in cryptocurrency like a fucking man.

Next deep pussy deep.

Which is it?

Back story straight.

Are you even neck deep back deep pussy deep crack deep?

Yeah, ask police, baby.

She knows or peaches rather.

Colleen's was milkshake.

I can't keep track of the features either, but we'll just move on.

Oh, you know, what's wrong?

Your references are usually so on point.

What happened?

I know.

I thought I was going to be on comedy bang bang, but I guess I rolled on to song expoloto with Scott Ockman.

Are you talking music tracks to me?

Are you other music?

I listened to a lot of shit.

Sorry.

I'm going through a fucking hard time right now.

What's going on?

What's going on, Gino?

It's one of those things where I'm getting insane podcast success, but it's from the wrong audience.

Oh, I just, I just, you're getting success.

I'm getting huge success.

Tons of sponsorships.

I'm going full legion of skanks.

I'm all the way off the reservation.

I got fucked up twisted, Patreon.

The more right wing I get, the more money I make.

I don't want it to happen.

Well, yeah, that's the trap that you can fall into.

You have to keep escalating your crazy shit and you get more money, but you have to keep you know, out doing yourself.

Pre-shirt choir.

I have Scaramucci on the Gino Lamboro show thinking it's going to be a big get Reddit catches fucking fire.

They try to cancel me.

And then next thing you know, I'm doing video chats with poll pots descendants for the fucking podcast.

I mean, I'm printing Patreon money.

My pod swag is through a podcast.

For the podcast.

Yeah, I'm fucked.

I mean, so deep.

My fan just keep I had Opian Anthony coming on critiquing different minorities facial structures together.

Amazing.

But to be on the Gino Lamboro show, they would.

Wow, wow.

But I can't I I'm in such fucking hot water.

I can't even deal with it right now.

So let me just say level sound good.

The German guy, the Greek guy, the big fat guy with the white beard.

You guys all sound great.

Yeah, but don't don't call him fat, by the way, especially a skinny person like yourself.

You don't.

He's very sensitive about his weight.

Anthony comes back.

Oh shit.

Okay.

Sorry.

Yeah, I didn't realize.

Do you know how frequently that happens to me as a comedic radio persona?

I'm talking to a fat person, something I don't fully understand at all.

I reference them being overweight and they're offended as if that's maybe the first time they've thought about the fact that they're overweight because I as I assume comedians are constantly struggling if overweight comedians are constantly, you know, rationalizing, and structuring, you know, dealing with your fucking weight.

These female comics, they go abeshit if you lean over and be like, we get a couple of fucking dump trucks.

Am I right?

They will flip.

I don't know about that.

Geno, by the way, Geno is my former intern.

You have your own show at this point.

I don't know whether you need to be on my show anymore.

Oh, I do.

I get a lot of runoff pussy every time I do an episode of comedy bang bang.

I do my DM's catch fire and there's just all these.

Geno, if you don't mind, can you please stop inviting me to join parlor?

I just say it's a great place to plug your podcast.

I know you're not a social media guy, Jason, but I think it's not.

What if they were the one that you were on?

You're like, hey, this is just pretty good.

Hardcore on parlor.

Thanks.

The only place to access Jason Mancukas.

It's just exclusively trolls hanging out, which is fun.

You know, it's like the watchmen who trolls the trolls.

We're all just having a fun field.

We're on their world tour, of course.

So, Geno, what are you doing for the holidays?

Do you mind me asking?

Well, I do mind you asking, but I guess I apologize.

I am willing to share it.

I'm going down to Venezuela with some.

Venezuela.

I've been calling it Venezuela because I've been training for it and I'm trying to get more vascular.

So I'm like, we're already to get two tickets to fucking Venezuela.

That's what I'm saying.

Is that where you go to get your illegal HGH?

They do have, I'm going down there to do something called a stem cell dip where they they have like the Luke Skywalker, backton that that they can drop you in.

A back to tank?

A back to tank.

Yes, that's what it's called.

And they drop you in, but it's all, you know, fetal embryonic stem cells.

So it's, I should come out even younger, even better in shape.

That's just basically what Remdesivir is.

Yes, exactly.

It's what they gave Tom Cruise.

It's what they gave Trump, Christie, all the same shit.

I'm going down there as a matter of fact.

Tom Cruise.

Yeah.

Tom Cruise gets it preemptively because we can't have him die.

I thought you meant Tom Hanks when I was.

Did we not talk about this?

You know, Tom Cruise, he has to die filming.

That's like his, he's made with a devil.

Okay, really?

Yeah.

He made a deal with the devil or Lord Zenu depending on your belief system.

Sure.

And he's going to have unlimited talent, fountain of youth, but he will have to die for us by mission, by mission, a possible 10.

So get positive.

So he might act trying to is that was.

Well, that last movie, he jumped across a building and shattered his leg and kept shooting.

Yeah.

Not like.

Yeah.

Chris McQuarry is a fucking, you know, denizen of Lucifer himself and he's trying to help get Tom Cruise killed.

But the dude is like Dennis McQuarry.

Chris McQuarry, Christopher McQuarry rather is like a cavorgian helping Cruz pass through this mortal coil.

Yeah.

We thought for sure it would get him killed, but he jumped.

He fucking did a halo jump and he was fine.

He hung on the side of a plane.

Did you see that?

Tom Cruise said he wants to shoot in space.

Fingers crossed.

This is the one that gets him an alien fucking kills him or a fucking, you know, his mask opens and it sucks his eyeballs out of his head of some shit.

My God.

Hey, I know limits.

I'm sorry.

I just wanted to ask this.

Please clarification.

There's no limits on Tom Cruise's talent.

Yes.

Yeah.

He's he made this deal where he's always seen so many of them.

Well, because have you seen Rock of Ages?

Well, here's the thing.

Rock of Ages night and day, the movie where he looks like Tig and is a cocaine pilot.

Those American made American like those three movies he has to do some movies like that.

So he comes across like a normal stuff.

Yeah.

Hey, I'm back.

I'm back.

Did somebody mention Lucifer?

I love that show.

Oh, yeah.

I had a friend on it once.

So you're in Venezuela.

How far is that from the island of misfit toys, August?

Well, it's as the crow flies.

It's very cold, but listen.

Oh, sorry.

I'm not going to help Santa track down these fugitive toys.

Like I respect it sooner or later, I'm going to find them.

I've been to Venezuela, by the way.

I spent some time in a standing room only prison in Venezuela.

It's beautiful there.

Why is it SRO?

And you just couldn't sit down physically.

It's so crowded.

You couldn't do it.

Oh, it's crowded.

It's not the cell isn't just totally vertical.

Well, you got to get you got to get nine friends and order a bottle of toilet wine and then you can get a table like that's up on a dais and it's sort of it's a different vibe.

It's a little chiller.

Ten prisoners per table, but at least, you know, separates you slightly, which is very nice.

Yeah, it's very nice.

And the cell is not totally vertical.

Well, what do you mean by that?

I mean, I don't know.

Scott said it and I was trying to, you know, more vertical than it is taller than it is wide.

I guess I think I did here to all the rules of physics.

Yeah, I can't imagine how something would be also vertical.

All right.

Well, look, Gino, it's great to have you here.

So now that we're recording, we have.

You're ready action with your whole fucking.

Yeah, we have a very special guest coming up that we need to do.

So make sure where all the levels are good.

They are test test.

Sorry, sorry.

Please we don't need to test you.

They are from the North Pole as well.

They are one of the citizens in Santa's village, which is I'm presuming its own post office.

Please welcome back to the show.

Ho ho.

Oh, no, you and Santa are both depressed.

Oh, oh, oh.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, oh, oh.

You've been keeping pretty separate.

I got two Ho-Hos by you.

You didn't even hear him.

Ho ho ho ho.

Oh, no.

Oh, what's Ho-Hos?

What's wrong?

I'm sick of the pandemic.

I should be sure.

I would think you would delight in this because it's so miserable.

That's what I thought.

It was pretty happy for a while and it was pretty fun.

But now it's getting really old, so I can't frolic with all my friends.

Oh, well, Ho ho, by the way, is of course the Naughty Elf from the North Pole who gives gifts to the naughty children, gifts of guns and knives and bombs.

All the stuff they need.

And did you make any presents?

Because as Santa told us, and maybe, of course, you would know this, he and the other elves didn't make any presents this year.

And so Christmas is basically shut down.

Did you make anything?

The only presents I've been able to make is putting another fire on the log on the fire, I should say.

Putting one more fire on that log.

Put more fire on that log.

You know when you get a ring of fire in your asshole from eating too much chili?

Oh, Ho ho.

Sorry, Oh ho.

What?

I'm not even allowed to talk about that anymore.

Let Ho Ho talk about the fire rea.

If they want to talk about fire, let them go.

This is especially, it's 2020 Christmas is canceled.

Let the whole ho talk about whatever he wants.

Ho ho, Gino, do you have fire?

Oh, yeah, I dropped the hot lava in the toy toy this morning.

It sizzled and it solidified into igneous rock.

And I got to wait till the plumber comes over and chop.

Wow, you feel like a scientist.

Great to be back on the show.

Santa, I haven't even seen you in many, many moons.

Well, Santa was talking about how he got to know all of the elves so well this year.

You've been ignoring Ho Ho.

Ho Ho, I already know a pretty good.

Well, I was put into quarantine.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

It was.

It was heaven.

Were you sick or?

No.

Did you, you didn't contract the novel Corona virus?

No.

I contracted the short story Corona virus.

Oh, hey, hoes back.

Hello, barely.

It's just being on this show making you feel better.

Ho Ho.

Ho Ho, just a little just to see some friends on zoom.

Santa doesn't even let me use zoom.

He means to use a different platform where I only see myself.

Yeah, right.

It's a zoom loop that I allow who would have sort of like in a movie where people are breaking into a prison and they just play the same 60 seconds of no one there by the cameras over.

And over Dennis Hopper fooled me with that.

Share once.

Wow.

So ho ho, you know, not even the naughty children are getting gifts this year.

They're not because I haven't even been able to put together all my nunchucks and stuff.

I just have been a bit despondent and I haven't even had the tools and I'm scared.

We can't even get inside anyone's house this year.

Yeah, we, we can't.

We also.

Oh, great.

Were you ever going to tell me officially?

I mean, do you guys even have PPE enough PPE to go in and out of different people's houses?

Well, do you want to tell them what you supplied us?

Look, the stuff we have looks great.

Like it's it's on brand.

It's festive.

It's just not very effective.

Whenever I, you know, go to spit on somebody, it goes right through it.

Yeah.

Here's going to spit on people and ever you've got to spit on somebody.

Oh, yeah, that's true.

Let me, let me just say this.

Don't buy stuff from Instagram ads guys because it looks, it looks attractive and then you get it.

You're like, this is flimsy as hell.

Why did I?

They have a whole new shop button.

We're not supposed to press it.

Oh, the whole new shop.

I know.

Oh, new shop.

Don't you dare click on that.

You thought it was likes used to be boy.

Um, well, how, what are you going to do on Christmas then?

I mean, usually you don't get Christmas Eve off because you usually hitch a ride on Santa's sleigh and hideout in like a stowaway, right?

Yes, every year.

Yeah.

It's the worst.

Typically we go to Germany every year.

August, that's where you're from.

August, you have to unmute yourself though.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I muted myself because there was just the train with the square wheels was shrieking.

In pain and existential pain.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Well, we're going to say though, we didn't hear exactly what you said.

Oh, just thanks for coming to Germany.

All right.

Back on mute.

Worth it.

Yeah.

Well, I have big plans for this year.

I'm trying to make it like a kind of positive solo Christmas.

Okay.

Yeah.

I mean, people can have those.

I think it's not going to be the holiday that we expected or wanted, but it's going to be unique to this year.

And we'll remember it.

Donald Rumsfeld.

Hey, don't paint me with that brush.

Hey, Donald Rumsfeld.

Who are you, French Nighter?

Hey, hey, Donald Rumsfeld.

What are you doing?

Are you doing?

Taking all the chairs out of my office room.

You weren't standing up like a lunatic.

I don't know who that is.

So I don't get it.

He hasn't been on the naughty list.

That's surprising.

How old is he?

He was a very good kid.

Oh, okay.

When did he turn bad?

50.

So what do you have planned then, Ho Ho?

Ho Ho.

Well, I'm going to make a big old pot of hot cocoa, of course.

Cocoa.

Oh, no.

There we go.

And I'm going to sit in it and roll my body.

Oh, my God.

His wife has to say that every time.

Wait, you're going to sit in the cocoa?

I'm going to get in the pot of cocoa, turn up the heat.

Like it's an above ground hot tub.

And put the lid on.

Or like a vertical cell?

Ho Ho.

No, no.

You're going to boil yourself in the hot cocoa?

Cocoa.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't even know if I can die and I've never really tried, but I'm curious a little bit.

I don't think you can.

I think you're going to get in the hot cocoa.

I have to wake you up before this.

Wake me up before I hold.

I'm going to turn the pot on.

Santa, if you hear me start to scream, don't do anything like you always do.

Oh, I can't allow this to happen.

Well, what are you going to do?

Invite me into your house so I can sit between Mrs. Claus' titties and watch some kind of romantic film.

God damn it!

Oh, hello.

You were almost nice for a second.

You're not a demon.

Is that a bird on me?

I'm just saying, I was trying to get a little pity from old Claus over here.

If you could just invite me over to his house to watch a movie with his beautiful buxum wife.

Would you just, I'm willing to do that.

Will you just leave my wife out of it?

Don't comment on her.

Don't do anything weird.

It's really hard when you see a woman and you can't comment.

I know, I know.

It's the society we live in.

It's unfortunate.

I don't.

I can't tell the culture.

All you want to do is give a compliment.

I get it.

Sure.

When I see a woman, I just want to say whatever I think about what she looks like.

No, I know.

I know.

But we can't anymore.

It's tough.

The world is changeable.

Yeah.

By the way, do you only watch Christmas movies, Santa?

All your rags.

Christmas.

He watches some other movies too.

I'm not just Christmas.

Okay, oh, oh.

I'm not saying.

What's the last non-Christmas movie that you've seen?

I'm going to tell him, okay.

Oh, wedding crashes.

I thought it was a different one.

That was the last one.

Which one did you think it was?

The Thomas the Tank Engine VHS that you watch obsessively?

Obsessively.

There's something going on there that I'm not.

I can't quite figure it out.

And I feel like I'm almost at the bottom of it.

He's not a toy, but he acts like a toy.

It's very confusing.

Did you ever make any of those any year?

I mean, any toys of Thomas the Tank Engine?

Yeah, we did.

Hey, guys.

Ringo Starr or George Carlin, you have to choose.

Ha!

Wait, what?

To do what, though?

Oh, the Shanny Time Station.

Shanny Time Station.

Shanny Time Station, which conductor?

Look, I go my way.

Alec Baldwin.

I go George.

But I want Alec Baldwin to replace everyone on every show.

And to do every impersonation.

Yes, thank you.

Did you ever hear the voicemail Alec Baldwin left for Thomas the Tank Engine?

Thought it was a rude, thoughtless little train.

That's the one.

Well, Ho Ho, don't kill yourself this year.

Not this year.

Yeah, I mean, maybe eventually, especially if everyone in the world dies from, you know, global warming and your life is going to be a little bit more.

It's from, you know, global warming and you're the only person left on Earth.

Of course, you probably want to end it by then.

What happened to me in this scenario?

Well, you're a human being.

You're not, I mean, you're a magical...

I'm also immortal.

You're a moi, yeah, I guess so.

I don't know.

I don't know the rules of this.

I mean, why is there a Santa...

Why is there a Santa Claus if you can't die?

He's amortal.

Damn it.

What does that mean?

You're neither immortal or immortal.

You're just amoral.

The concept of mortality does not apply.

Ho Ho, are you high?

And be honest.

All right, well...

Is this safe space?

Yes.

Sort of, yeah.

Well, you know how you left all your cocaine out on your desk?

Ho Ho, come on.

Ho Ho.

You call it, you call it snowflakes, right?

It's literally snowflakes.

Okay, so I snored snowflakes.

I'm a Christmas guy.

He sure, but that doesn't mean you have to snort.

I've been alive for thousands of years, you try shit.

Come on, guys.

Okay, all right, all right.

Santa's chewing his mustache off over there.

He's talking about pop culture.

Like a meth addict.

Don't worry.

Anyway, winning crashers was just okay.

Oh, okay.

Good to know.

Okay.

Good to know 15 years late.

Well, look, we have to take a break if that's okay.

Anyone have to leave?

Yeah, the boat.

Okay.

The boat is here to take me.

So in a half an hour, I will arrive at the Norwegian archipelago of Svalbard, home of the global seed vault.

Oh, no.

Oh, that's a major clue.

That's all the information I need.

Oh, no.

All right, I'm out.

I'm going to go track down those toys.

And I'm going to follow you for the rest of the day.

Okay, enough.

You guys are going, Gino, you're sticking around?

I wish I could, but someone just found out that I got $900,000 in PPP loans, and I got a justify about it.

Yeah.

Scramble with some receipts or something like that.

I understand.

All right, but Jay, you're sticking around, right?

We still have much more.

Okay.

Well, we have more show to come.

We will be right back with more comedy bang.

After this role commercial.

Comedy bang.

We were back and Jason Manzukas is the last man standing Fridays on ABC.

Tim Allen talking to the tool man.

He's finally meeting the tool man.

And speaking of the tool man, Jason is there in his closet drinking his large mug, his large vertical mug of coffee.

And we still have a big.

As opposed to what a horror, a large horror.

Well, it's a callback to our previous segment.

Quick on the draw as ever.

We have so much show to get through the, I mean, this is the open door policy.

People are just dropping by.

So let's welcome our next guest.

This is, I'm not quite sure if this is the gender of this guest because I only have the name, but this is the kid who saw mommy kissing Santa Claus.

Yep.

Hi.

Hi Scott.

Thank you for having me on.

Yeah.

What pronouns do you use?

He and Snitch.

Oh, no.

He and Snitch.

Yeah.

She and Snitch are mine.

Yeah.

Is that like the, the Harry Potter?

The Quidditch.

Do you know, I've never, I never read Harry Potter and my childhood was stolen from me.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

Really?

From by, is this related to the fact that you saw mommy kissing Santa Claus?

A little bit of that, Jason.

I also saw her do another things with Santa Claus.

Whoa.

The song doesn't go into that.

Into the detail.

Yeah.

As to what I saw.

I don't know if you know there's a song about your experience.

I know the song.

It ruined my relationship with my, my mother.

Because I actually did, I did share the information that was PG enough on that song.

But yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm not sure, uh, gentlemen now because that song was written so long ago.

Yeah.

I am.

Yeah.

But I do.

But you're still so shaken up by it.

Yeah.

Because I, you know, every time around the holidays, I get a little, uh, it just brings back.

I go into, I can't go into Macy's without hearing that song.

Yeah.

I mean, you must want to go into Macy's so many times.

I love Macy's.

They've got really good furniture.

A lot of people sleep on them and choose a CB2.

Especially these days.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

There's also, I mean, it's also got to be very upsetting just even to watch TV right now.

There's so much.

Uh, mommy stuff.

There's so much Santa.

There's so much.

Yeah.

Can you even watch TV all year long?

There's so much mommy content out there.

Too much mommy content.

Please stop saying.

Well, no, I mean, Scott, you're on, you're right.

And thank, I do want to thank you for letting me come on the show to, because this is the first time I've been able to speak publicly about, about it.

Um, so.

Have you been under an NDA up till now?

After, well, yeah.

I did sign an NDA.

I booked a big job as well.

Which way your mom?

Or with Santa?

Um, both of them.

Santa's not a good guy, I have to say.

Well, he's not on the show and he, he just left.

You just missed me.

Yeah.

And I'm so glad.

And I, by the way, which is probably good.

Yeah.

I saw a little too much of Santa back then, you know, so I'm happy to have him do not see him now.

Is this like the Michael Jackson trial where there were people describing his genitals?

Could you do that of Santa?

I can describe to you what I saw.

Um, if you really want to know, Scott.

Sure.

I would like to.

Okay.

Um, so you know the little mushroom cap up top?

Uh, I consider that the bottom, but yeah, go ahead.

Sure.

Yeah.

Um, his mushroom cap, um, it's got like, uh, it had like, it had like a coat on.

It had like a coat.

I don't know if that's a North Pole thing.

If that's, because I've never met another guy.

Like a, like a, like an actual coat or like a coat of like, like a, like a, an animal has a, um, I would say, are you just talking about pubes?

No, no, the pubes, I know what pubes are, Scott.

Come on.

I have genitals myself.

The more you say mommy and pubes, Scott, I really don't like where this is going.

Um, I have a lot of, I don't like where I'm going to be.

I'm not going to be a little bit too much.

I don't want to throw false accusations out there.

Well, listen, I just saw too much of Santa Claus.

I was 17 when that happened.

That's very old.

Technically, in the eyes of the law, in certain states, yes, definitely.

It would be shocking as a young adult in that case to see Santa as your mom.

That's got to be mind-blowing.

I'm not going to be a record-strach.

What are we calling a young adult here?

What are you calling a young adult?

Usually, the YA is between 13 and 17 or so.

Why do you know this, Scott?

I'm purely from hanging out in the library.

Okay.

I'm an educated man.

I just want to make sure.

Listen, I saw some things I didn't want to see.

I was 17 years old.

My mom sat me down the next day.

She knows what I saw.

Santa Claus knows what I saw.

Maybe we can make a song about it.

Right?

Maybe this will make it a precious moment.

We made it, I saw Mommy kissing Santa Claus as opposed to calling her Deborah, which is my mom's name.

At that age, I was calling her by her name.

Really, what I saw is Deborah screwing Santa Claus or Santa Claus screwing Debbie.

That's much more of a prince.

Yeah.

Well, this, then the song that was written.

So this song was written 68 years ago, so you are 85 years old.

Yeah.

And they're not going to play.

I saw Debbie getting screwed by Santa Claus and the Macy's.

Yeah.

They're not going to play.

It was in a Macy's.

In a Macy's.

Wow.

I don't know if they did do it in Macy's.

Oh, you're saying they won't play it in Macy's?

They won't play it in Macy's.

But if I'm being honest with you, this was an ongoing thing.

It wasn't a one off.

Oh, okay.

They had a relationship and it was ongoing.

There was a time Mrs. Claus called our house and my mom wasn't there.

And, um, and, and started to me out.

And I'm like, I don't have anything to do with this.

Yeah.

Was Deborah married at the time?

Uh, Deborah was married.

She was married to my dad.

That's got to be hard to be caught in the middle like that.

Yeah, it was.

My dad sent me down.

Your father to be such a cuck.

Yeah.

Come on, Scott.

Come on.

I mean, I know we didn't call him that back in the fifties.

No, we didn't call him that.

The term cuck was very popular during Shakespeare time and then took a long nap until recently.

Well, let me tell you what Santa Claus told me.

Santa Claus sent to me that every, every husband dreams of seeing their wife get made love to buy another, buy another, buy another.

Yeah.

Oh, buy another.

Not just a magical creature such as himself.

No, no, no, not necessarily.

You know, so, um, I never got married for it.

I wonder if maybe, you know, Santa was on your, uh, you know, your, your, your, your, your, your mom's list.

What is that list?

Not a bucket list.

What is the list?

What am I trying to make a movie out of it?

Her fuck list?

Thank you so much.

Okay.

All you think of it was bucket list.

Okay.

I just called it a fuck it.

A fuck it.

Yeah, they should.

Fuck it.

Yeah.

Um, no, I don't know, you know, at that time, Deborah didn't talk to me about that sort of son, the son mother report going and that would be unfortunate for your father if like, you know, she puts on Santa on her list and he's just now like free all year and able to come by the house all the time.

And he did.

And he did all the time because he can't because especially during, um, November, basically November, all 11 months besides in December, he's, he was in my house.

He was actually have a half sibling.

I didn't say that on the song.

Yeah, I have a half sibling.

Yeah.

So your, your mother gave birth to a Santa's baby.

Yeah.

Wow.

And they tried to, you know, at first she tried to say that it was sort of a maculat conception situation.

Um, they all try that.

They all.

Yeah.

Wait, but so it's interesting is she tried to say immaculate conception.

There was no effort on her part to say it was your father.

No, automatically.

No one's fine.

And the pregnancy, the pregnancy presumed that she and your father were not sexual with each other at all.

You know, I hadn't thought about that, but, um, yeah, I guess, I guess I guess, I, I guess maybe, maybe when the baby came out, it would have been obvious that it wasn't your father's child from its looks.

Yeah.

Um, because I don't know if you know, testicles is what I mean.

Okay.

All right.

Scott, I wasn't going to look at my baby siblings balls.

Okay.

That's why I think that's the perfect time to check it out.

Just make sure everything's okay.

No, that's like, that's the only time anyway.

Any older than six months you want to avert your gaze.

Okay.

All right.

Listen, guys, I just, I just want to get this off of my chest.

Sure.

I think I think it was really fucked up with Santa did he broke up a really happy home.

I had a pretty happy childhood up until that point.

Um, but I, but I got robbed.

So I don't really like this time of year.

And it's, it makes me kind of nervous, uh, being on here and, uh, talking about this.

Well, you're telling your, yeah, you're telling your truth, which is great.

I mean, it's been 70 or 80, no, 70 years in the making year.

You're an elderly gentleman at this point.

I mean, you're, you're probably, I don't like to speculate on when you'll die, but it certainly is closer to you than it is, uh, further from you.

Scott, that's not cool.

Well, that's really not cool.

I hope this brings you, I hope this kind of talking about this brings you some peace from a lifetime of trauma.

That's right.

You know, this is, you know, speaking your truth is got to be very, uh, carding.

I'd say, I'd say it is.

And no, no chance you guys just like get off my chest.

Want to hear what I saw?

Sure.

Kisses.

Yeah.

Please get granular with it.

Every detail.

Be explicit.

Let's make sure, let's make sure by the way, Kevin, we need to put an explicit marker on this podcast.

So that little E, the little red, uh, you know, box with a white E in it next to this episode.

So everyone knows we're going to get very explicit now.

Okay.

Here we go.

I'm going to check the PMRC.

Here we go.

Yeah.

So I'm in, I'm in my bedroom and, um, uh, slow, slow.

Are you pretty?

Are you trying to make this podcast?

I'm trying, I'm trying to tube in this.

Okay.

See, are you totally tubing this?

I don't, I don't, I don't want, please don't pull it.

If it happens on a podcast is legal.

No one can fire me.

Please don't pull it out.

It's got, please don't pull it out.

It's got, okay.

I'm in my bedroom.

I'm reading comics and, um, uh, I had a Santa that year for, um, um, the silver age.

Yeah.

Scott, do you have to keep, do you have to keep on with the dates?

God, I mean, I look good for my age.

Yeah.

I'm just saying the comics are from the silver age.

That's traditionally the silver age started in the 50s.

Okay.

But I mean, you keep pointing out how old I am Scott.

And it's like, all right, I look good for my age, right?

No, you look great.

I mean, you, I mean, uh, I'm not in the market for what you're selling, but were I to be damn.

Oh, Scott, I'm not gay.

That's what I'm saying.

You're not in the market to sell.

I'm not in the market to buy.

We're just going to pass each other.

I wasn't selling it.

Yeah.

No, we're in this market, but we're just going to pass each other.

This is, you know, like this, this vibe, this chemistry is crackling.

Jason, I look good for my age, right?

Oh, incredibly handsome.

You look good for fishing, but because we're not hanging our poles off the pier.

I don't mind saying, sir, you look fantastic.

And I only think to, for you to unburden yourself from this traumatic experience is going to only make you feel as good as you look.

You look great.

You have like a Danny Glover meets Morgan Freeman on the bad side of the bucket list.

Okay.

Well, that's weird because I'm white.

Okay.

Hey.

I can compare you to those actors and it's a compliment.

They're distinguished is what I'm trying to say.

Okay.

Never been compared to those guys.

And they're awesome guys, but um, they're awesome.

Who do you want me to compare you to?

Clint Eastwood?

Did you just say Clint Eastwood?

Clint Eastwood?

Okay.

Now we need to, we need to censor that out.

What I saw, okay, what I saw in my bedroom, I'm playing comics.

I'm reading comics.

And I hear a heavy breathing.

I hear heavy breathing coming from my mom's bedroom.

And I think finally mom and dad are back at it.

The family's going to be safe.

You're relieved.

You're 17 years old.

You're relieved that they're back at it.

You want a sibling?

I want a sibling.

Um, you know, a lot of people get upset when they, when they've hit 16, 17, whatever, and their mom has another child, uh, cause they go, they go, they're such a big gap.

Sure.

I feel like that I had to have my, my childhood and then, you know, and then another one's going to come.

Sure.

But speaking of big gap, your mom is getting hers filled.

You can hear this.

Scott, I was actually pretty, I was actually a pretty small baby when I was born.

So I want to call her to big gap.

And I don't want to talk about my mom's pussy.

Uh, all right.

How's she forcing you to just tell your truth?

Tell your, okay.

So I have a heavy breathing and I head to the, I head to the, I, I head to, uh, make out some steps by the way.

You told me details.

I want it piece by piece.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

So you don't need to count the number of steps that you took.

I'm not going to do that.

But I should, I should paint the picture.

We live in a single family home.

There's two bedrooms, one and a half baths.

Um, first bedroom that there's a garage is attached.

The yard's not too big, not too little.

I just want to say for the listeners, the picture that your painting is beautiful.

Beautiful.

It is.

And by the way, I saw a three bedroom tutor recently that has the exact specifications that you mentioned there.

Okay.

Well, this one was a two bedroom.

This was a two bedroom.

Okay.

Yeah, but very similar, I think, but this was, this was by the way going for 3.2 million in LA.

I mean, it's just crazy what's going on with the market these days.

Anyway, go ahead.

Yeah.

So, yeah.

Uh, so wait, how is the market?

The market is it going up or down?

It's so strange.

I mean, the pandemic, everything would be down, but no, I mean, it's crazier than ever.

Anyway, go ahead with your story.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

So two bedroom house, two and a half, one and a half baths.

Attached garage.

Attached garage yards big, not too big.

We do not have a chimney.

Um, no fireplace.

My dad really always wanted a fireplace.

My dad's on suite.

Um, one of them is on suite.

Yeah.

One's on, on suite.

So, um, it's kind of a cold day.

Obviously it's December.

Sure.

It's December.

Um, it was cold.

Yeah.

It was actually not even Christmassy.

That's what this is.

Oh, wow.

I got thrown off.

Yeah.

Well, it's December.

Okay.

All right.

But it's, but it's like early December.

If I remember the day exactly, I would say it was, um, it was probably, uh, the 10th of the 12th.

Yeah.

10th or the 12th.

It was 51 because the song was released in July of 1952.

All right.

We don't.

Stop aging me.

All right.

Okay.

Stop aging.

All right.

I'm going to, I'm going to ask you to compress this story as we still have a lot of show to get through.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Cause you guys want to get to what I saw.

Sure.

I mean, we, at this point we have yet to get into the room and then talk about what I'd like to get into the room where it happened.

Sure.

Great.

Right.

So my parents, that's the one with the on, uh, on suite.

That's the one with the full, that's the full bath.

The shower.

That's the full bath.

Okay.

Great.

We will call it, you know, when I was coming up and even up until recently, we would call it a master bedroom, but it's not PC.

No, we can no longer call them the master bedrooms.

Now all bedrooms are equal.

Well, it's just that no one bedroom is in charge of the other bedrooms.

Sure.

Of course.

They're all autonomous.

Yes.

Okay.

So my mom's in there and I hear the heavy breathing and I, and I get it.

I've covered this.

Unrelieved.

Um, we've all been discussed previously.

I get in there.

So first though, you heard the heavy breathing and you're really though, I want to make sure that we stress that.

Bigger relieved.

So you're using the half bath usually.

Um, I.

So, which is not that you have to walk down the hall.

Normally I, yeah, I have to walk down the hall to the out of suite bathroom.

Is it?

And it was a nice bathroom.

It was actually just a shout and only there was, there was, it's a shower.

Okay.

There's no bath though.

No, no, no, it's a three quarter.

Yeah, exactly.

So there's a shower, no tub.

Um, but weirdly double sinks in that double sink in that.

Oh, that is weird.

Yeah.

Was it a flip?

I mean, a lot of times these people like think they're putting in something nice, but they don't think about the actual.

It might have been a flip.

I could text my, my dad.

I mean, this is 1951.

I would imagine that it's all different by now unless the, uh, your, your parents still live there and they've never sold.

No, no, no, they don't.

My, um, my mom moved to, um, North Pole and, uh, whoa.

Whoa.

Wait, is she Mrs. Claus?

Second, the second Mrs. Claus.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, damn.

It's right.

Oh, damn it's right.

I'm going to give you 30 seconds to describe.

Okay.

All right.

So just, it is with it.

My mom put him out on the windbreaker.

There was no balls.

Um, and then I heard the heavy painting was actually coming from her Santa totally silent.

Um, and then there was sweating.

There was breathing.

There were, there was, you know, you know how sex finishes.

I saw that.

But you're the one who saw it.

So I thought you watched it.

Yeah.

You told me to hurry up.

So, okay.

All right.

So you, so, so basically nothing that, uh, we hadn't gleaned from everything that you've discussed before.

It was, it was, it was pretty rudimentary intercourse between your mother and Santa.

Do you just go around?

I guess you consider world to be rudimentary Jason God lucky guy.

I mean, yeah, I think, I think I think oral sex is never married.

Oh boy.

That's true.

Wow.

Okay.

So oral sex is part of a healthy relationship, especially during foreplay.

But what about when you're not, you're not, you're not foreplay foreplay foreplay.

I know it foreplay is.

Yeah.

Well, uh, I hope so.

I look, by the way, I, I've never even asked you your name.

Uh, uh, do you, oh, Mark, Mark, okay.

Well, Mark, I'm so sorry to hear this.

Uh, but, but you got it out there.

If it's mentioned, it's manageable.

It's manageable.

I hope that you feel better getting this off your chest, your animal.

Uh, a heaving, uh, barrel like chest.

You're a very big, uh, guy, but is what I mean to say.

You, uh, sort of a Danny Glover meets Morgan Freeman type.

I mean, you don't have to like keep qualifying people by their looks and body types.

Yeah.

Like if, if those two met at the gym every morning and we're just like pumping iron, you know, and they're like, I don't like to keep commenting on my, on my chest.

I don't like it.

All right.

Well, I apologize.

We do need to, we do need to get to our next guest.

If that's all right.

Mm.

I think that works.

You can stick around.

No, I'm going to get out of here.

No, please don't.

Please stay.

Uh, she is, uh, this is exciting.

She hasn't been on the show in a minute.

Uh, she travels the world.

Uh, someone call her a people hunter or an inspector, uh, certainly a one person hunter.

Uh, please welcome back to the show chief.

Seasons, greetings, comp shoe.

Uh, yes.

Seasons, you chief hits the season.

Wow.

Speaking of chess, wow, he being indeed, uh, chief.

So wonderful to see you.

I have the whole to see you.

It is wonderful to see you too, Scott.

Tits the season.

Yes.

Thank you.

Season three.

It is the holidays.

Yes.

And my work doesn't stop.

I am pussy deep in clues on the trail.

And that's still the same trail as always.

Same trail as always.

For those of you who have never heard chief on the show before, chief is out there looking for a very specific person that grazing gravel truss, Carmen San Diego.

That's right.

She has, uh, eluded your grasp for decades at this point.

Chief does, does the holidays make Carmen San Diego easier to find?

Is she likely to try and see family or do anything like, uh, that you can kind of grab in on?

Yeah.

I mean, usually people take a break on Christmas.

It's like anytime you see a war movie, you know, and they say, oh, we're going to have a ceasefire on Christmas.

It's like, come on, guys.

This is the perfect day to attack.

It the holidays in fact, make her harder to find.

Really?

Her milky white thighs and supple milky breast blend in with the snow.

Two milky.

Her body.

Oh, how about his milky Scott full of milk.

What about those ankles?

Are those milky?

Those ankles are milky and asked of clove.

Okay.

Hey, how would you describe marks chest over here?

I thought it was a barrel, like a barrel chest, like a Danny Glover kind of, uh, means he's speaking of this, are you speaking of this white man?

Yeah, this white man right here.

He gives me a Lawrence Fishburn.

Whoa, but good in junior vibe.

I don't, I don't, I don't like that.

Yeah.

Okay.

Sorry, Mark, but I don't like there's no one.

Could you guys name there's, there's no one what Scott.

I just, those are the four actors that I see you as.

I don't know what it is about.

It's just something about their essence.

You giving me a Lorenz Tate.

You're saying that that that this is their essence.

Yeah.

How am I giving you Lorenz Tate?

You're giving me Lorenz Tate.

Tate digs.

What about me says t-dicks go tell me what about me.

What about me?

What about me says t-dicks your whiteness?

The fact that you are a white man and a doubt.

You're giving me the vibe of these great actors.

It's not offensive to you.

What about Denzel?

Denzel Washington.

But also none of these guys look alike.

Like Denzel meets his son.

But also none of these guys.

Denzel's son.

Okay, none of these guys look alike.

None of these guys look alike.

I don't know what it is about them.

This isn't about looks.

I don't, Scott if, if I may.

This isn't about looks.

It's a gravitas you hold.

Yes.

A certain seriousness and direction of purpose.

All right.

Well anyway chief.

I don't know what to have you.

No, chief.

Chief says a detective.

Are these the important things that you need to be kind of the clues that you need to follow?

Yes.

These are the clues.

I am a people reader.

I read people.

And so that's why.

That's what a people reader is.

Yes.

I'm a people reader.

One who reads people.

Chief.

Okay.

Could you read me and tell me.

He'll from what I saw and maybe find some love myself.

I'll read you.

Look at that dusty shirt.

Dusty.

Dusty pants.

Those ashy shoes.

You have kind of a pig pen quality about you as well.

And maybe maybe throw some moisturizer on the shoes I guess.

Yeah, I guess.

Put some lotion on those shoes, Mark.

And then put it in the basket, please.

Yeah.

Okay.

Or else it gets the hose again.

Of course.

So chief, you're back on the case, but it's going to be difficult to find Carmen on Christmas.

Are you going to take it easy this year?

What are you going to do?

I mean, I can only imagine it's been very difficult to search the world when we're in the middle of a global pandemic.

It has been very difficult, Scott, but I shall stop.

You shall.

Okay.

So what are you going to do on Christmas then?

I am going to put on my mask in gloves and board a United Emirates Airlines flight to Dubai.

Okay.

Well, why do why?

Because I've got an occlude that Carmen's NDA go is hiding at the top of the birds Khalifa Oh, well, the island of Dubai.

Okay.

Well, this is a hot tip.

So I'm going to go strip naked oil myself down.

Oh, I'm the side of the birds Khalifa before you get on the plane or before I get on the plate.

Oh, no.

This is not safe.

Just just because you're wearing a mask in gloves doesn't mean you can be nude other than that.

I refuse to take off my mask in gloves.

Those are the rules.

They don't mention anything about clothes.

You're going to naked mission impossible this?

Yes.

Exactly.

So I don't slide down.

I only slide up.

Wow.

Well, I mean, I hope you find her chief.

I mean, you've been searching for so long.

It has been on many moons.

But I feel I feel it's coming.

I feel it's coming, babe.

Sure.

Of course.

Did you co write that weekend song?

I don't like to talk about my musical trapping.

Wait, you have a whole musical career that you don't like to talk about?

I've written a lot of songs.

Well, like what?

The human leagues.

I'm only human.

Oh, amazing.

Produced by Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.

Yes, sir.

Ralph, you remind me of Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis.

All right.

Okay.

Come on.

Remember when they were like dancing in the time, you know, come on.

Come on.

Morris Day.

Morris Day kind of too.

Yeah.

Scott, please name a white guy.

You should definitely make a one.

I got a question.

I got a question for chief chief.

Chief, have you considered being a pastor?

Have I considered being a pastor?

You know, I'm not the most religious.

Oh, really?

What do you believe?

Like are you slightly religious or?

I am agnostic.

Oh, okay.

So.

Atheistically agnostic.

Oh, so you're.

Atheistic.

Yeah, you're not.

So then you are probably just an atheist.

No, that's something there.

I just don't believe in it.

You don't think it's a God.

It may be aliens.

I see.

And if it is there, you don't believe in it.

I don't believe.

Why do you ask Mark?

So you think there's something there.

You don't believe there's.

You're sure there's something there, but you definitely don't believe it.

Exactly.

Atheistically agnostic.

God.

Why do you ask Mark?

Do you have a suggestion?

Yeah.

You just got the voice of a pastor inside.

I do.

Yeah.

You sound like a pastor.

Yeah.

In other words, you kind of remind me of John Lewis.

The fallen soldier?

Yes.

I mean, before, before he was dead, obviously.

All right.

I'm starting to get dark, Scott.

You're getting a Ralph Abinade.

Oh, you know, I really, you know, this is actually, this is interesting and informative for me because I don't really hang out around too many people.

And I was willing to do this because I knew it was going to be Zoom.

We'd be separate.

So people don't really get to see what I look like because I stopped taking camera myself a while back.

Well, I mean, you're an 80 something year old gentleman.

I mean, you know, there's not much to take care of anymore.

Is there a reason you keep saying it, Scott?

I'm just trying to get, I'm giving you an out, you know what I mean?

I mean, you know, I mean, once you hit a certain threshold, for me, it was about a year ago.

You don't, you don't care anymore.

And you just don't have to take care of it.

Now I know I should put some freaking lotion on my shoes and for Jason, it was about 10 years ago, 15 years ago, when was it?

Just yeah, gave straight up.

Yeah, over.

Shut it down.

Okay.

All right.

Let it go.

Well, I'm still trying.

I'm still trekking along and trying because I do hope to find a partner myself, you know, I was going to say, Mark, as your experience with your mother and Santa Claus left it difficult for you to be in a relationship.

And half, because I feel like I'm never going to measure up to Santa balls, whatever.

Yeah, Santa didn't have any balls.

Well, you know, I have to say, out of everyone on this show, there is an eligible bachelorette currently on the show with us who is not in a relationship.

And maybe we could make a love connection here.

Chief, I mean, you're not dating anyone.

Who me?

I'm pussy deep in pussy.

What does that mean?

I am.

I am in these streets, Scott.

Sure.

I know you're in these streets always, but nothing.

So don't cheat.

Are you a lesbian?

I'm sorry.

Yeah.

Pussy deep in pussy.

Also, pussy deep in Santa balls.

I have, I don't discriminate.

You're you're you.

You'll take all comers.

But I'm saying Mark over here.

Yeah.

Are you on the apps, chief?

I'm on hinge, bumble, rya, tender, plenty of fish, farmers only coffee meets bagel coffee meets bagel.

J.

Have you tried J date?

J date, M date for Muslims, giving me a honorable Elijah Muhammad.

All right, look, we have to take a break.

Could we come back?

Oh, sorry.

No, I have to go.

Okay, great to have you on the show.

Chief, you stick it around or I can hang for a little bit until I receive an email on a clue.

All right, great.

We still have so much more show to get to.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we're here.

Jason man Zukas is of course still with us of course, Jason man Zukas fame.

And we also have chief is here still with us.

Season's great things gumshoots.

Thank you so much.

That's your seasonal catchphrase, of course.

And it would not be a comedy bang bang end of the year spectacular without having one of our favorite employment positions, people representing the entrepreneurial spirit on the show.

That is right.

We have two entrepreneurs who have never been on the show before.

Please welcome for the first time Nookie and Tootie who own a general store.

Welcome guys.

Hi, thank you so much.

Thank you, Scott.

Thank you for having us.

Yeah, my pleasure.

You guys sound as if you're from the southern part of the United States.

Is that a correct assumption on my part?

We're from southern Utah.

Yes.

Southern Utah.

Hurricane Utah.

Hurricane.

Hurricane is the name of the town.

Yeah, hurricane Utah.

Do many hurricanes reach Utah?

I'm not quite sure what the climate is like there.

No, the climate's pretty dry.

No hurricanes.

So what was it named after?

I guess the boxer?

Yeah, it was named after the Bob Dylan song, Hurricane.

Yeah, well, yeah.

Oh, wow.

About that boxer that kind of reminded me of our previous guest, Mark.

So you guys are in Hurricane Utah and that is where your store is located?

Yes.

That's right.

We have a general store and we specialize in making custom shadows of cowboys.

No, a quick question.

For a general store, is it smart to specialize in something?

Well, no, we have everything in the store.

Oh, OK.

So I was going to say it sounds like a specialized store for a general store, but one section of it is specific?

Yes.

So we sell everything.

We sell IUDs.

We sell mavericks.

We sell blood.

So it sounds like a pharmacy in many ways.

We sell these shadows of cowboys, which is our main industry.

That's how we make most of our money.

So it's bar carpets general store.

So it seems like why keep your general store stocked if you're not making?

I mean, you're selling everything in the general store.

That's a lot of inventory.

Yeah, that's a tremendous amount of money going out to stuff that sounds like you're not selling much.

If you're mostly just selling cowboy shadow cutouts.

They're not cutouts.

Oh, sorry.

They're custom.

They're custom so you would be focusing on this and not the general store part with its very specific set of items.

Tootie, Tootie, do you want to get into the details?

Oh, he's Tootie.

I assumed that you would be Tootie.

No, she's Nicky.

I'm Tootie.

Okay.

So these nicknames or are these your God given?

God given.

I don't think God gives us names.

Is your Christian names?

God gave them to us.

Who says there's a God?

You do.

You just don't believe it.

I just don't believe in it.

But there's one up there.

So what are explained this business of yours?

Okay.

So you've seen these shadows of cowboys.

Some people call them silhouettes.

Usually there's cowboys and he's kind of leaning up against something and he's got his hat down.

When are you talking about the real phenomena of an actual cowboy making a shadow?

A real shadow?

Is that what you're talking about?

Right.

But we create the semblance of what a cowboy shadow looks like.

Do you understand what a silhouette is?

I don't often see cowboys leaning against an establishment on a sunny day in order to see their shadow.

This is not an occurrence that comes along very often for me.

So when you say you know how when you see a cowboy, I mean, this is a specialty situation for me in my general life.

Right.

But you know.

Okay.

No, you're right.

You know, but it could be, you know, he could be leaning up against a building.

But also, you know, we do cowboys doing all sorts of things, you know, cowboy on a four wheeler, cowboy on a jet ski.

And so long as he's a cowboy, we can make a shadow of it.

Yeah.

So a cowboy sitting on a toilet eating a quiz nose.

And then where do you, where does one after purchasing it, you, where does one put this?

Well, you put it traditionally, people put it outside their property, their ranch style property and they put their address numbers on it, you know, or you might put a slogan on it like, Happy Valentine's Day, cowboys.

Or, you know, we do fun.

We do more specific ones, you know, something.

More specific than that.

Well, we do a real specific ones, you know, for example, we had one, the lady purchased recently, which said, you know, honk, if you think Nancy Pelosi has fangs.

And then the neighborhood was just honk honk honk honk honk.

Okay.

Interesting has fangs.

So it can be political in nature.

It can be, you know, political.

I mean, she has fangs is that intimating.

She's a vampire.

She just has some sort of slight teeth or I'm assuming it's some sort of slight against Nancy Pelosi, but it can also, as as Tuki was saying, I believe it can also be a reference to Judy, sorry.

Judy, it can also be a reference to wishing cowboys a Happy Valentine's Day.

So is whatever the message is coming out of the cowboy's mouth?

Is there like a cowboy word balloon?

Yeah, where's the message?

I'm not picturing these exactly.

And you said that message to be delivered to the cowboy?

Or is the cowboy delivering the message?

You said they're not cut out.

So I don't know how these are manufactured.

Well we cut them out of material, but they're not cutouts.

Like they're, they're simulations of cowboys in real life situations.

Okay.

But we cut them out of wood.

Yeah.

Well, wood or there wouldn't.

Metal is you.

They're not material.

They're not cloth.

No, you can make them out of, like you can make them out of metal if you don't want them to be tampered with.

But, you know, let's say.

So a lot of people tampering with the wooden ones.

Yeah.

Or, you know, if your ex is a cowboy and you want to be like, you know, have it say, my name is John Stenceldon it and then set it on fire so that you can get a little thrill from watching your ex cowboy.

Well, John, how the honest John Stenceldon it is going to be really upset about that.

Yeah.

He would be serious.

We can do big messages.

I mean, sometimes we do, we do the little bubble like you guys were talking about, but.

Oh, like a, like in the, the Silver Age comic books, little dialogue bubble.

Uh huh.

Sure.

What do I want for lunch says the cowboy as he sits on a toilet eating a Quiz-No sandwich.

Wow.

It could be, you know, we had one where a cowboy was just in one of those lines at the airport waiting to go, you know.

Did you have to do the shadows, shadows of the planes and the kiosks and all that in order to simulate the airport?

Yeah, it was a whole scene, all made of wood.

The whole scene.

Where'd you get all that wood?

Well, we have a wood ranch.

Oh, you, you, meaning there are trees on your ranch?

What do you mean?

But when you say a wood ranch?

Yeah, you know, there's like a little forest area back there, but we called a wood ranch.

How many, how many heads of wood do you have?

Oh, 50, 60.

Oh, okay.

So not many.

No, usually we have to go to Home Depot to fulfill bigger orders.

Okay.

How close is the Home Depot to you, by the way?

15 minutes away.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

So yes, go ahead.

Nuki or whatever your name is.

Nick, she's Nuki.

I'm Tuki.

At this time of, at this time of year, do you guys have a lot of like holiday themed cowboy cutouts?

We do.

And we just want to say, you know, this is a great year to buy from barf carpets general store because it is the last Christmas we will ever have.

So and what's the website for that?

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, Jason, did you just hear that?

Record scratch.

Pookie.

Yeah.

Right.

Thank you, chief.

We need to have a sound effect of a record scratch on this show sometimes to make us realize that something astounding just happened.

You think that this is the last Christmas that we're ever going to have?

Yes.

This is the last Christmas.

Why would you think that?

I mean, we're almost out of the woods here on the, you know, I mean, we're still a few months out from everyone getting vaccinated and who knows if we trust those things, right?

But absolutely not.

We just made a cut out of a cowboy saying you will not put that vaccine anywhere into my body and it was night out of metal.

So you can't even set it on fire.

But why do you think this is the last Christmas?

We just know it is.

You know, you know, the, the, the everyone in the community has been talking about it.

It's the last Christmas.

The Pelligs agree.

Oh, wow.

You know, the Pelligs agree.

The polygamists.

Yeah.

The Pelligs.

They agree.

That's what you call them.

Do they like being called Pelligs?

It seems like a slur.

I honestly, yeah, they love it.

If you can get close enough to yellow death, then they love it.

They don't, they keep a tight perimeter.

Especially as a guy, try to get close to a group of Pelligs as a man outside the community.

You get run right out of town.

We can't even send tooty anywhere near Colorado City.

That's where they all live.

So tooty even drives by.

There's a huge group of Pelligs just after him running him out of town.

The more you say it, the more I'm convinced you shouldn't be saying.

And you know, I mean, it's, it's not like I want to protect the practice of doing that necessarily.

It seems like you really love that community.

Yeah, you love this guy.

It just seems distasteful to be throwing that around.

But so, but I don't understand why everyone agrees that this is the last Christmas.

I mean, it seems like everyone, you know, I mean, 2021 is going to be on the rebound.

Well, we had a really big moment where a lot of our cowboy cutouts, we had, you know, we were filling a bunch of orders.

And all of a sudden we came outside and they had all fallen down into shape that seemed like a Satan shape.

Like a pentagram or, or in the like, like it looked like an outline of the devil.

Like that.

And I turned, I turned to tooty and I looked him in the eyes and we both said at the same time, this is the last Christmas.

Yeah, tooty, you were really, really soft on that.

You're sure you said it at the same time.

But and you're sure neither of you was just singing the song last Christmas.

I gave you my heart.

Exactly.

This Christmas will be the last Christmas.

I'm not much of a singer and I'm not good with lyrics.

I think that's how it's all you should just stay away from music then.

I mean, those are the two main things.

I wrote that song.

Oh, that was what the song's wrote?

Yes.

I used to tour with Wab.

What?

Were you Pepsi or were you Shirley?

Neither.

I was cheap.

Oh, okay.

Pepsi, Shirley and chief.

Oh my gosh.

So, so how are you finishing out the year then?

If you think this is the last one we'll ever see, when do you think the year is ending, by the way, December 31st, 2020, that's when the year traditionally ends.

But it's definitely ending this year.

So, we only have a few more days here until, wow, on Earth, I guess.

We've been feeling our time, you know, like completing orders for custom cowboy shadows.

A lot of the work.

Why bother if the world's going to be over?

Do you have any custom cowboy shadows that are like standing over, standing casually, leaning up against the building while the apocalypse happens?

Like a mushroom cloud, a shadow, does a mushroom cloud make a shadow?

Like a casual, a casual cowboy standing atop a mass grave?

We do.

Sure, sure.

We do.

I'm sad to say that, you know, there was a run on cowboy shadows leaning against the wall with their hats down with the Twin Towers behind them a few years ago.

Oh, yeah, I bet.

I bet.

And it was a surplus.

And so those are, those are standing outside barf carpet general store.

And honestly, some people love it and they honk and other people, they become enraged and they come inside the store and they tell us that we should, we should take those down.

Yeah.

Right.

Well, come to think- Yeah.

And those other people that say 9-11 didn't happen.

Yeah.

Some people.

Yeah.

Or the- Or- The ones who think it was a controlled demolition.

Yeah.

People will come in though, you know, we have a lot of like, or that the whole thing is a hoax and the buildings are still there.

So there, yeah.

It's just a David Copperfield situation.

Like he got involved.

It would happen to building.

Honk if you think the buildings are still there.

And you know, come and think- Honk seven times.

Honk seven times if you think building seven was a controlled explosion.

Right.

But come to think of it guys.

The shadows on the wall usually occur during a nuclear explosion.

That's what happens.

You know, you see the just shadow of, is that what got you guys interested in this?

The thought that the world is about to end?

I mean, sure.

Yeah.

I think we've always, you know- I don't just say sure because I'm leading you into it.

I mean, is it true or is it not true?

I think we both have thought that the world was going to end ever since we met each other.

And this year just- When was that by the way?

Was that on an app?

Now this long before apps were high school sweethearts.

Yeah.

Oh wow.

Oh, how old are you?

Apps have been around for a good ten.

Well I'm a lot younger.

Yeah, I'm 57.

How much younger?

I'm 57 and Nikki is 38.

So we met in her.

She was in high school and you were- And I was sweet already like in your 30s.

I was sweet.

I was a chair leading captain.

But mostly, you know, they didn't let me chair.

So I was on the sidelines.

Why?

Because of sort of just my attitude.

I was- We're not cheering.

How did you become captain if you have a bad attitude?

Because everyone was a little scared of me.

And so they didn't want to anger me so they made me captain.

But usually, you know, I'd be- It's sort of what happened with our current president.

It works.

It does, it works.

And I would be doing a chair and I'd be like, you know, rock steady.

The world is going to end.

You guys need to run.

Everybody get home, get into your cellar.

And that is when 2D, you know, once I got kicked off sort of my silence, 2D started chatting me up.

I came up through in the parking lot.

I was a sheriff of the town and I said, probably the- Probably the smoothest thing I've ever said, I said, you're arrested for stealing my heart.

Wow.

No one could arrest you for statutory, you know, whatever it is you did with Nuki or Nuki.

I don't like the way you say that.

Nuki.

I'll go here in the sheriff.

You're the one who enforces the law.

Yeah, I don't like Nuki.

But people keep calling us Nuki and Duki.

Stop it.

You are these people, as Seinfeld said.

The legs.

Alright, stop it with the legs.

Stop it with that.

I don't want to hear you say that again.

You can't cut it out now.

You guys, you can't cut it out now.

You guys, you guys, does your general store cater to the Paleg's community?

Oh, sure.

They come in.

Yeah.

They do art, they did all our tile, our whole- Oh, wow.

The whole general store is covered in tile and they did it- Oh, that's nice.

They did it with that.

And they can- But they don't come in for most of our products, you know, most of our products are IUD, Nuboring, Nuboring.

Yep, ambient.

So a lot of birth control and then silhouette cutouts of cowboy.

And by all those birth controls, just from- by all accounts, from what you've told us, is just staying on the shelves for years.

Are they still good?

A lot of back- A lot of back inventory.

Oh, wow.

And we don't have refrigerators.

Oh, okay.

So no one- yeah, I would dissuade anyone from buying that from you then.

Oh, yeah.

Well, we tell people those are placebos and most likely do not work.

You have a whole placebo.

So I'll go to your general store.

Yep.

Pop a couple of those and have intercourse.

Well guys- When there's a vaccine available, will you guys be distributing it in Hurricane?

No.

Absolutely not.

Why?

Why is that?

I just- the cowboys that refuse the vaccines are actually based on my silhouette.

Oh, interesting.

But you're an anti-vaxxer.

Is that right?

By the way, anytime we ask you a question, a yes or no question, feel free to elucidate about the reasoning behind the yes or no.

I'm going to say- No, don't just stop at the yes or no.

Sure.

Well, I don't know why it's so fucking hard to get this out of you guys.

Wow.

Wow, wow, wow.

I think we did give you a lot of details and a lot of really interesting stuff.

And I'm so sorry that you don't find it so interesting.

Don't make Chief interrogate you, okay?

Because she's willing to do it here.

Where were you on the night of April 4th, 1983?

Oh, I was not born yet.

And you were about 20 or so?

Is that right?

I was pacing out to the hospital, fingers crossed, hoping my future wife would be born.

Oh, this is the night before you were born?

Oh, gosh.

All right.

Well, look, Tooty and Nuki, we- Nuki.

Nuki, sorry.

We need to get to our next guest.

Can you guys stick around?

What is that?

Sure.

Are you down with the Nuki?

I am.

And so is Tooty.

Oh, boom, interesting.

All right.

Well, speaking of down, he has been down to be on this show several times, especially this year.

We started an offshoot podcast together called We've Got to Stop Talking About TMNT on CBB.

He is, I believe he's a manager at Gersh.

I don't know.

We've been quarantining together as well.

I think he's an agent.

Agent, I can't recall.

I really should ask him this.

He's my roommate during quarantine.

Please welcome back to the show, Sprague the Whisperer.

This is crazy, Scott, because you're not- first of all, I'm an agent and I represent you now doing live shows.

I don't know if you remember this.

You can't just say you're doing it.

I'm your live show.

You're a person like me.

You're a serious agent.

I'm your touring agent right now.

Why sign me as a touring person now?

When you go to buy a low, Scott, I don't know if you- Yeah.

All right.

Okay.

First of all, Jason, good to see you.

How are you doing?

Great to see you.

You were on our show and you sort of forgot to talk about your own personal Ninja Turtles project.

Yeah, you were on the show and we were talking about everything about the Ninja Turtles.

We told four whole-two hours that this guy over here just slipped his mind.

Totally forgot you're in the current Ninja Turtles cartoon.

It's very true.

We spent the whole time talking about the Ninja Turtles.

And then we just later- I'm talking to you on one of our comic book zooms and you're like, oh, hey, maybe I should have mentioned I'm doing a voice on the Ninja Turtles.

Which voice do you know what it was?

I have appeared numerous times on the Ninja Turtles cartoon as a villain and I neglected to mention it to you, Sprague, and I'm so sorry.

I am part of Ninja Turtles.

First of all, I'm pissed, but it's okay.

It's Christmas.

Oh boy, I got to calm down, Scott.

I'm in a bad way right now.

What is going on, Spot?

Oh, right.

I am upside down.

All right.

So, okay, you talked about me being an agent and a lot of stuff is shut down.

So I'm not working that much.

So I've been trying to do a couple of side hustle, Scott.

Oh, really?

What do you have going on?

Okay.

So right now I'm way upside down on some PS5s.

What you can't sell?

Okay.

So I promise- This is the hottest toy of the season.

Okay.

So I would like- I would like one.

So I promised at least 10 into eBay people.

I guess they're called eBay people.

I put up on eBay.

They're all $10,000 each.

They sold out immediately, Scott.

So first of all, I find out after that these PS5s are hard to get, Scott.

Oh, you didn't have any at this point?

No, no.

I set Lloyd my assistant.

I set Lloyd down to the best buy.

I was like, go get me like- Is Lloyd the Lloyd from- Yeah, no.

He just doesn't know his actual name.

I don't know his actual name.

I don't know his actual name, but I think it's fun to say Lloyd, like yell at, like, sort of, pivin, you know?

So I said, down to the best buy.

There's apparently no PS5s anywhere, Scott.

Yeah, that's why people are buying them for $1,000.

Yeah, and apparently a lot of the eBay people that I sold buy PS5s to in the Yakuza, Scott.

Oh, no.

So I sold a PS5 to this guy Yakuza69.

He's very pissed right now.

Oh.

I'm in a lot of trouble, Scott.

Do you know where I can get a couple of PS5s, Jason?

You guys- Do you guys have PS5s?

I have no idea.

I would like one myself and I haven't been able to get one.

So- Wait, powerful Jason Menzukas can't get his hands on a PS5.

You've already gotten the vaccine, but you can't get a PS5?

I can't get my, I can't get my meaty little paws on.

That's crazy.

I had, well, I heard that Fauci got one of the first PS5s as soon as they- I heard that too.

Yeah.

He was like, if I'm going to give you guys the vaccine, I need myself a little bit of miles Morales.

And they sent it to him right away.

So wait, you guys own a general store.

You two freaks down here.

What?

I'm Duke, Dukian, Nukey.

So you guys have a general store.

Do you guys have any PS5s?

Because I'm serious right now.

I'm in quarantine.

Yeah, and the PS5 has been sitting around dusting up the shelves.

Absolutely.

They're right next to the vodka and the menopause.

So you do have- Okay.

So there's a few- It's next to the menopause stuff and the vodka.

What kind of- How do I suggest the stores this?

Is this by the Dewey Dustimal system?

No, the general stores in one general area and then the cowboy shadows are- Do you guys just sell a pile?

You guys have a pile?

Is that what it is?

You go to- What's a pile of junk?

A big thumbs up.

Yeah, so it's just a pile.

Okay.

Interesting.

Look, I don't know if I'm going to be able to sell it.

By the way, this is an audio medium.

Try to translate your thumbs up into saying yes or no.

I know I got on you about the just saying yes or no earlier.

So don't just switch to thumbs up.

But that, yeah, that's better than a thumbs up still.

Change to all non-verbal answers.

God.

So yes, God.

You're like the opposite of Christopher McCory.

No verbal.

Okay, this is crazy.

Look, I'm in a lot of trouble, Scott, and I need yours and Jason's help.

What can we do?

I mean, I don't want to get involved in the Yakuza, but I guess I'm in this because I'm living with you and they're going to come- Let me be honest with you, Sprague Duesper.

If you really want to track down something that's very difficult to find, Chief is your best bet.

Chief's?

No, no, you're a woman.

He seemed to have not seen me.

Okay.

Knowing that I find things.

First of all, me and Chief have history.

I didn't really want to- I didn't know we were going to be on at the same time, Scott.

I thought- Oh, Chief Cabif?

I got Chief Beef.

Chief Beef?

I got Chief Beef, of course.

And do you remember what happened?

This calls giving me Chief Beef.

Jason, that's- Actually- Not right.

That's very odd.

You actually- What's that?

New pookey- dookey.

My name is Nookie, and we sell Chief Beef at the General Store.

Chief Beef Jerky?

Chief Beef Jerky.

It is made by our friend, Chief Beef Jerky.

Chief Beef.

And- Oh, wait.

There's a friend on the reservation.

There's somebody in Hurricane- Reservation.

It could be a police chief, we don't know.

That's true.

It's one of the police.

His name is- Oh, okay.

Alright.

I don't like what you see.

That's worse than what I said.

I'll be honest, when I was listening before I was cringing hard, I was like, they're going to have to cut a lot of this out.

This show was super cringing.

Well, here's the thing.

So me and Chief have beef.

Chief Beef.

We're all going to get used here.

Chief Beef.

Delicious with Tiziki sauce.

That beef.

And we were supposed to- So it was a lot of like, diss track stuff and we're supposed to do a versus battle I heard.

It's supposed to be me versus the chief where we're supposed to like, spit our hardest bars and stuff.

But I guess I dropped out because I didn't want to- I didn't want to rap, you know?

I broke good at it.

Oh, I mean, that's a problem when you're doing- Yeah, well you want to do a combination like this.

Guys, I feel like, listen, if Gucci and GZ can do it, you guys can put your beef aside and do it.

I feel like a Jake Paul, Nate Robinson boxing match or something.

Sure.

I was ready.

I was at Magic City sitting on a throne getting a lap date.

I was very, I'll be honest, I was so intimidated by that because you were getting a lap dance and there were two women sort of jiggling around and I sort of was watching from in the rafters and I was like, Chiefs, not even- The rafters.

Yeah, there were rafters.

I was like, Chiefs don't- Magic City is an arena.

It's a big ass arena.

I was like, Chief isn't even reacting to these women.

Chief is just so focused on sort of battling me.

I was so scared, I ran the fuck out to this.

So I couldn't be a part of it.

Wow.

Well, you know, Chief, I've never heard you rap.

We had another guest on the show who raps a lot.

What was his name?

I can't recall what it was, but- MC Sugarbud.

Oh, that's right.

MC Sugarbud, yes.

He was a good rapper.

Amazing rapper.

Everything had to rhyme with Scotty D as I recall.

But you rap?

Can we hear any of it?

Me?

No, I produce.

Oh, chief.

But- You were just going to produce in this battle?

Yeah, Chief was behind a big DJ setup.

And Chief was going to drop a bunch of samples and then sort of like really wrestling.

Well, listen, RZA and Premier did a versus as producers.

Yeah.

I was going to kill Sprague the Whisper with all the songs I produced.

Yeah, and I was going to come in with just my large library of ninja sounds from my sound bank.

Oh.

And they're with some like, green, green, green, green, green, green, green, green, green, and it- You sound like Tatiana impersonating the Secret of the U.

Oh, yes.

It's a little Easter egg from our podcast, Scott.

Yes.

If you want to get on that, go to my Patreon.

It's about to end.

Listen, are we selling shirts, by the way?

Yes, Scott.

Are we selling the futures female shirts?

I brought it up earlier in the show.

I was quite confused.

You haven't told me whether we're selling them.

Okay, so Scott, we are selling shirts.

We came up with Jess McKenna.

They're called the futures females Blinter shirt.

It just says the futures female, and they're just a pretty generic picture of Splinter as to confuse people.

And I'm going to say, the generic nature, someone said we had decided it was all designed up, but I was like, no, no, no, less.

I wanted to be more too specific.

It's too specific.

There was one where it was like, you know, doing the like Rosie the Riveter thing.

I was like, no, no, no, no.

Oh, no, no.

We just wanted to be confusing.

I want the text almost look like it didn't belong on there, but it was put.

So it's the- But we're selling these now.

The people can get this.

Yes.

I'm going to get them because I was like- I mean, go to my go to T public.

So I've got this assistant named Sean Distan now.

He's kind of- Oh, yeah.

He's been published.

I'm here.

I'm hanging out of a really bad audition for this project that Judy Greer ended up starring.

There's a lot of cannon about this guy.

I'd never be on the pod, but he's my client turned assistant because he can't get any work.

He's Lloyd.

He is Lloyd, actually, if you want to put it all together.

And yeah, you know, so, so Scott.

What the fuck were we just talking about?

I don't know.

We were talking about- Who knows?

How have you guys got- Can I see a question?

How long have you been doing this today?

How many hours?

Oh, we're in our second door over the hump of the second hour.

We do like 40 minutes on my podcast, and I'm like, how do people keep talking this long?

I don't know.

How do you do this?

I don't know.

It's 12 years of this.

I have no idea.

I'm exhausted.

Where are you going to say poo poo poo?

Mine.

What I was going to say is if you guys need somewhere to sell your shirts, you can sell it at Barf Carpet's General Store in Hurricane Utah.

Oh, that's not where it is.

Just throw it on the pile.

And I just want to make sure you're saying Barf carpets?

Barf carpets.

Yep, that's my last night.

Barf carpets.

Tooty barf carpet.

Now, Jason, I have been to the island of Herricken, Utah.

Oh, yeah.

We are ever on the island of the misfit toys, speaking of islands?

The island of the misfit toys, I'm not allowed to speak of it.

Sure.

But it's, we apparently Santa Claus is on his way there right now.

Uh oh.

Uh oh, indeed.

Look, Sprague, did you have something else you wanted to talk about?

Yes, Jason, to answer your question, you got to go to T-public and then search, I guess search Sean Distant or actually search splinter female features female and see what's coming up.

This is poor marketing.

And when I said, do you have anything else you wanted to talk about?

I guess like something else.

Otherwise, I'm pivoting to our next channel.

Oh, no, I've got one more thing to talk about, Scott.

Oh, I've got you a Christmas present.

What?

I'm living at your house.

Why do my house?

I'm living with you.

Oh, shit.

You know what?

I thought you were going to go home for Christmas.

Oh, no, this is a gift to the Magi situation.

I sent a gift to the Magi situation.

I sent a gift that actually I wanted and I sent it to your house.

Oh, no.

Did you send me, well, it was no.

It was the only PS5 I could get my hands on, Scott.

Oh, no, you sent it to my house and now that your kusa's going to kill us.

Hey, Scott, we're in a lot of trouble, man.

Hey, I hope we make it to New Year's.

You know what I mean?

I don't know who we are.

Maybe this is why Pookie and Pookie think that it's the last Christmas because we're going to do that.

Hey, Scott, you know, now that our Ninja Turtles podcast is open is ending, maybe there's like a me and Scott on the run from the Yakuza podcast that could sort of keep my Patreon afloat.

I don't know what's going on with that.

Yeah, maybe something like that.

Yeah, it is next week is our final episode.

I believe our final episode is next week.

And I don't know, Scott, you know what, Scott, maybe there's more of it.

Maybe there's just a podcast which is me and you like on a road trip trying food in different cities.

I don't know, Scott.

Yeah, well, I don't know that that's the right move right now.

I want in.

I want.

She's okay.

She chief, you can piggyback on this and perhaps Carmen San Diego has been seen in some of these eatery common San Diego loves Indian street food.

All right, we'll find we'll find the sexy milky lady.

If you find a dose, sir, Carmen San Diego has been there.

All right.

Scott, I'll be thinking of a new spin off because I can't go broke again, Scott.

I understand.

We'll try to figure something out for the new year, but we'll talk about it on next week's episode.

Okay, great.

Yeah, of course.

All right.

Very good.

But we do.

No, I want to chime in because you keep calling me pookey or dookey or whatever.

Is it an aim just shit?

It's nucky barf carpet and that's to the barf carpet.

And I can't believe that how insulting you're being and you're calling me insulting about saying, you know, talking about the plagues.

I it's a double standard.

Did you take his name or did he take your name, by the way, I took her or is it a high for her name barf and carpet were each of your names.

Yeah, sure.

It's a hyphen it.

So again, when you say, yeah, yeah, and you just end there.

Yeah.

He's got thumbs up.

That's not held.

No, no.

All right, two thumbs up.

Double thumbs up.

That's a good elaboration.

What do you think?

All right.

Well, that's why it's an escalation.

All right.

Well, we do need to get.

Oh gosh, I haven't even I don't even know who it is.

I'd never asked exactly.

Oh, okay.

They're like at the description.

Okay, very good.

We do need to get to our next guest in his the season, of course.

And it's the season.

It's the season, of course.

And when you think of December, you think of Christmas and Boxing Day and Gingerbread and all that.

So please welcome to the show Frankenstein.

La la la la la la la la.

Hey, Scott.

Hey, Frankenstein.

How are you?

Merry Christmas and a hoe hoe hoe.

Thank you so much.

This is a first time we're meeting.

Is that correct?

As far as I remember, but and I never forget a face Scott.

Oh, really?

And you've you've been around since the what the 1700 or 1600s or something?

Yes, I to me, I am ageless, but I would say those two eras sound good to me.

I mean, the corpse is that your body is made up of, I believe, or a little bit older.

Yeah, in that in that general.

1800s, 1818 is when we first came to know your story.

How did you think of that so quickly, Scott?

I just popped in my head.

I don't know what to say.

I'm a fountain of useless trivia.

Well, yeah, daddy never told me if my bodies were alive or dead when he put them together to make me.

OK, and you are Frankenstein's monster, not Frankenstein.

Yeah, I'm not picky about that at some point, kind of in the Twitter generation, people started parsing apart.

Who's Frankenstein?

Who's the monster?

Your ackerman, but so is your dad, right?

Sure, of course.

I'm Frankenstein.

So is my dad.

I mean, my first name is Hank, but I go by Frankenstein.

Hank Frank.

Frank Frank.

Hank Frank and Frank.

He's a short Frank on all social media at Hank Frank.

Frank.

I'm only fan.

What are you doing?

You have an only fan say stuff, you know, cock ratings, girlfriend experience, whatever you need on there.

You can rate my white cocks.

So in the fundraising, people at people pay you to rate your own cock.

Is that what you're saying?

By the way, is that made up of different dead bodies as well?

It is, yes.

So was it just a cert?

Did you get a good one?

Like, did your dad go searching through the graveyard for like a Wilts Chamberlain looking guy?

My dad got me a standard cock with foreskin, and then I was circumcised at my breast.

So we did the whole experience.

And it's an average one.

I don't think he wanted me to get over confident.

Oh, OK.

Got it.

I went searching for a Bob Coosie.

It's interesting.

I cozy cozy cock.

Coosie cock.

Yeah.

And I'm proud of my Coosie cock.

It's it's it does what you need.

It's a good team player.

It's supportive.

Pees and fucks.

Those are the two uses.

It tries.

Coop Coop, you were going to say?

I was going to say.

So he gave you the cock and then you had to circumcise it after the fact.

Yes.

You wanted.

Was it a young boy's penis and it grew along with you?

Was it a Scott?

I mean, I don't know.

I'm getting different from the guests.

Scott wants to know Jason seems disgusted by the question.

I can answer it to be fully open.

In the rock, paper scissors of comedy bang bang, I beat Jason.

So you have to answer my question.

Hey, so you are rock and Jason is paper.

Sure, I'm the rock.

Jason is paper and spray.

I guess you would be scissors spray.

I'm Skizzes.

That's how you say it to the London.

I'm pretty sure paper I'm pretty sure paper beats rock.

Just say.

Oh, yeah, I was totally wrong.

I had to I could have said two things.

I said you're wrong.

One of the two.

Can I just say something?

Hank, you're so chill.

Like normally when you hear about you normally I'm like this guy so irritable.

It's like you're just.

It's only a fire.

Yeah, you know, it's not a fire.

I know, but we're sort of chopping it up throwing 10 questions at once to do my thought.

That's that's the equivalent to verbal fire, if you will.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, I go verbal.

Spriggs.

I can take verbal fire.

I could take real fire.

I think I did like.

I think people are holding my young self against me.

I mean, we were one of you were two years old and fire freaked you out.

You wouldn't want to be judged by that forever, you know, exactly this.

And this is why I think cancel culture has gotten out of control.

And that's why we talk about that on this podcast every week.

At least once or twice.

We have a couple of shadows of a cowboy about cancel culture.

I'll tell you about.

Oh, I thought you were going to say a couple of Frankenstein shadows.

Would you make one?

But you said it has to be a cowboy has to put a cowboy hat on them.

But yeah, we'd make one for sure.

Why?

What is the rule about the cowboy?

Why the cowboy hat?

It's the shadow of a cowboy.

That's what it's called.

You didn't know it was the shadow about the cowboy hat.

Is it just that it's easier to do the hat than the like the top of a head?

I think it's so hard because the top of the head is just pretty round.

No, it's so hard.

It's so hard to do the top of a head.

It's so easy to do a cowboy hat.

Well, I've seen some of the shadows.

I've been to a barf car, but general store and it looks like to you guys, it's maybe hard to do cowboy hats too.

Absolutely.

It's hard.

It's all really hard.

I thought there were shadows of Raiden.

I don't know what that is.

Raiden from Mortal Kombat.

I thought there were Raiden hats.

I don't have the PS5 so I can play them.

You know, a lot of people think Raiden or the lead character David Carradine from Kung Free Legend continues.

Yes.

Yes, two of the most famous white men in appropriate of East Asian hats.

They actually, all the cab boys look a little like David Carradine.

Wow.

Well, and a couple of them unfortunately look like late era David Carradine, if you know what I mean.

Absolutely.

He's got a...

Yes, so.

We can be explicit about that if you want.

Probably a belt around his neck.

So Hankenstein, why did you...

Hank Frank.

Why are you here?

Uh, what this...

Let's just get down to it.

You're over the two hour mark, what are you doing?

Final guest.

Give it to us, straight.

To the...

To relax to be batting clean up.

I didn't know I was booked to come in hot.

I apologize.

Well, I would just assume looking at the lineup that maybe, you know, we were really trying to close up strong.

Well, okay, I'm getting the implication that you're not enjoying my appearance so far, so I'll step it up here.

Hank, I'm having a great time.

I apologize for Scott.

I'm having a great time talking to you and I think...

Well, unfortunately, you are the paper and Scott is the rock so I do have to listen to what Scott said.

I'm here just this season.

If you're doing a holiday podcast, you have Santa on, you have some sort of Jewish representation on and you have Frankenstein.

I mean, but we're seven weeks outside of Halloween, you know, and one doesn't normally think of Frankenstein when one thinks of...

Do you do anything?

Is there any kind of monster specific Christmas activities, Hank?

Well, because I do them, do they have to be monster specific?

I enjoy all the secrets.

Well, I guess what I'm wondering is like, do you celebrate Christmas or the holidays with Dracula, Wolfman, the mummy?

Yeah, do you guys get together all the time?

Like I'm tired of hanging out with other monsters?

It's like, does a cast of friends hang out every year?

No, we've done stuff before because we're associated.

Well, we do.

Yeah.

Actually, you know, we were hoping to get together more when the universal monster cinematic universe came back together.

Of course.

Yeah, the dark universe?

The dark universe?

Yes.

Yeah.

So we'd see each other on set because we all appeared that stuff because of our likenesses.

Wow, that's a good idea.

You got a good deal.

You were at the WGA Awards last year.

Did that's that way we met?

Yeah, yeah.

I had a few too many white Russians at the WGA Awards.

Oh, yes.

You were real hoot.

Thank you.

I was saying it was, well, it was you, me and the writers room of station 19, maybe station 19, right?

And and large 40.

Well, is it large 49?

Well, all the number shows hang out together.

Yeah, I think it's for their organizational stuff.

So it's station.

So it's like large station 68.

Yeah.

Yeah, they put they and they keep adding it together.

So it's all all the, you know, if you could think of another numbered show in this moment, I don't think I can.

My favorite number show is rescue 911.

Okay.

So that would be rescue lodge station 979.

Quick math from Scott Ockerman.

Wow.

Oh, you sound like my friend Bill.

No, I know.

Maybe I expected him.

He was just on.

I know.

He's just very energetic.

I guess.

Got to mix it up.

Well, Hank and Stein, do you hang out with other Frank and Stein's like, is that your family?

Oh, yeah.

That great question, Sprague.

My brothers and sisters, we all get together.

Are you still married?

Oh, Brian.

Well, my bride got a little tired of being defined by her husband.

So she changed back to her original last name.

And now we are more of a legal partnership.

Oh, what's her original last name?

Look, you know, we I never asked.

But when we met, like you, we wouldn't have known.

You could have just chosen any.

Well, you know, there isn't there isn't a right.

That's what I thought with rock, paper, scissors and then I made a choice.

And I said the wrong.

Yeah, it's like you're very hesitant ever since then.

So, yeah, let's say a Trump.

Incorrect.

Wow.

You chose a that's a wild one.

Is that the only bad one I could have said?

He sounds like a monster too.

But Hank, it's time.

Isn't it true that you're in an open relationship?

Did I hear that you guys are sort of open?

Yes, we went Paulie.

And we're both the guests.

You went pollig.

Oh, boy.

Oh, no, Scott.

Oh, no, Paul.

No, palam.

We're poleam.

Oh, you're poleam.

Oh, OK.

Oh, black Betty.

Palam.

Oh, black Betty.

Palam.

Oh, my God.

Hey, I'm currently on your only fans trying to see what those feet do.

And these prices are rather wrong.

Yeah, what are your prices here?

Well, upkeep of my body is expensive.

There's a lot of plastic surgery and stuff.

So 700 for feet stuff.

And.

Wow.

So the only fans I'm on is just for feet stuff.

There's separate only fans for other body, but I guess there are other human beings.

Yeah, only feets is that one.

And so that's it.

But those feet are always changing because I change out my corpse feet.

Oh, you swap out your part?

Yeah, it's like, you know, you've got your dress feet.

You've got your basketball feet.

You've got your skating feet.

What's the difference between your basketball feet?

Well, the big difference, you know, is the basketball feet are the Kuzi originals.

And then the skating feet are Tony Hawk's feet.

Tony Hawk's actual feet.

He doesn't have feet anymore.

No, which is why you know, he can't do the 900 anymore.

I don't know.

No wonder he retired.

But I can.

He lost his feet to Frankenstein.

Hankenstein.

If you will.

I certainly will spray.

Thank you.

My God.

What an amazing story.

I mean, you're not here.

You say you're here because it's Christmas.

You're not here just to get body parts from us.

Are you?

I am.

You know, I always wanted those ears, Scott.

The ones on my head?

Yes.

The one.

I mean, those are the ears that have heard all the comedy from for generations.

And I wonder what it would be like to have those ears on my pretty little head.

Oh, well, interesting.

I don't think you want to come by a Spriggs man cave to try to get my ears because you know, the you Kuzah is probably going to drop by any minute.

Honestly, one of those ears belongs to a high level member of the Yakuza already.

So I would not get in the way of that going.

Oh, I was I was in the Yakuza for most of the thirties.

I.

For the 1930s.

Yeah.

What other thirties would it be based on the year?

1830s.

We already established the two who have been around since then.

But I thought you remember from the top of your head, it was the 1880s that I came up.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

I'm possible.

Well, now let's stop and litigate it, Scott.

OK.

No, the 1818 is when you.

Oh, I misheard because of these damned ears.

Oh, who's the one that you have now?

Hank and Seth.

Beethoven.

OK.

Why swap them for mine?

Those are like, I mean, he is deaf, sure.

Didn't he go deaf?

Yes.

I Beethoven's ears.

And then I have the inner ears of a someone with good balance.

So like a gymnast, Mary Lou Rhetton.

Exactly, Scott.

You have to say exactly because I'm feeding you to you.

Just tell us the.

Well, I got a big thumbs up from Tootie and Doobie.

How to ignore those thumbs now that I think about it.

They're really good.

Which is what I hear from.

Yes, I do.

Right now I've got siskel and roper's thumbs.

Oh, did you say Cisco?

They had fawn songs.

So I've got one pair of thumbs that if I go to Miami Beach, I could not control this thumb.

You shouldn't be doing black thumb, by the way.

That's pretty odd.

But it's not painted black.

It is a black thumb.

I put on.

And thank you for that.

I mean, the rest of you is green.

Let's just keep it green.

Yes, I have Paul the alien from the Seth Rogen movies face.

Who's butt do you have, Hank?

That thing is thick with two C's right now.

Thank you very much.

This checking out the only fans that is talking about some shit.

Wow, I'm getting not only a lot of buys on my only fans from chief, but a lot of DM requests.

I'm on camera with you.

You are jeep in this.

I've been paying your rent this month.

I'm going to need to explore some more.

My plane is currently boarding.

So that means I have to mask up.

You've been doing this in line.

Yes, you're at the airport.

I'm at the airport and you're masking up now.

I've had the mask off the whole time.

It's a crowded holiday airport.

Is that why you have a couple of coffee from Oban, Pat?

I have a couple of coffee from Oban, Pat.

You have a Hudson news gift bag there.

Yes, it's full of slam magazines.

We should have known it with all the visual clues.

Yeah, exactly.

I have my neck bellow.

Guys, we're running out of time.

I hate to say it.

This has been so fun.

We are running out of time.

Wait, you got to dig into Hankenstein for 20 more minutes.

I don't know how many hands anything in it.

But does he have?

And is the anus a part of the butt?

Great question.

Separate and you could join my, what did I say?

Only thanks for that to find out the information.

Okay, okay.

Okay, well, we'll do it.

Okay.

Very good.

I guess we're done.

Glad the momentum came to a halt.

But we have one final feature on the show and that is, of course, a little something called Plugs.

That is called a pluck.

Oh my good.

The perfect song for over two hours to put us to sleep.

So Langley.

The plug I blind by Paul Fart-Burpkop.

Thanks to Paul Fart-Burpkop for that.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging?

J-dog, what do you got?

What's, where are we right now in the month?

Number 18 or so somewhere in there.

Okay.

So season four of Big Mouth is out now on Netflix if you want to do that.

And of course you can always listen to me on the How Did This Get Made podcast right here on eer.

Well, why did you ask?

Those two things are already out as of this taping.

We were, how did this get made?

Did live shows the 11th and the 18th?

And if it was earlier, I would have advertised those live shows.

But now I can't.

So I won't, even though I have now done it anyway.

All right, very good.

Let's go over to chief.

Chief, what are you plugging?

I will plug the flagrant ones on Patreon.

Show that I love.

Do they drop the act for the flagrant one show?

I still don't know.

But I like listening to it.

Those two guys from Hollywood Handbook and a real sexy chocolate master Don named Carl Tark.

And other than that.

Is that a Patreon or can people get that anywhere?

It's a Patreon you must dig into your pockets.

They asked Monty.

And some other things are coming forth in the future.

Well, we'll have to have you back and plug those.

Yes.

Stay tuned.

Stay tuned to chief.

Stay tuned, gumshoot.

All right, Kookie and Kooku.

What do you guys have to plug?

I'll plug a real cowboy short feature that's on Hulu right now called John Bronco.

Okay.

And people can just watch that on Hulu.

I mean, if they're so inclined.

They're so inclined.

And do it.

That's Veronica Mars writer.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yep.

Exactly.

That's how I heard he's the guy who pinched killing Logan.

Spoiler for the recent season.

Well, I'll give you one more.

Yes.

Thanks.

Yeah, I caught a thumbs up Scott.

Wow, we got it.

He did it.

Is it my turn?

Me, Nookie.

So you can support our business by buying a shed of a cowboy with my favorite thing on it at L-I-L-Y.

Y-I-L-Y.

Okay.

So it's Y-L-Y-Y.

Y-Y.

Is it?

Wait, is this my Twitter?

Yes.

Oh, that's right.

I'm plugging Jason's Twitter.

Oh, that's right.

It's L-I-Y.

Y-I-L-Y.

Okay.

And that's where Jason can be found on all social media.

It's a, it's a, it's a, it's like a, what's it called?

An anagram, not an anagram.

What is it?

It's a, it's a, it's a, it's like a, what's it called?

An anagram.

What's the, uh, agnostic?

It's agnostic.

It's, it's, it's not that.

Ken Ken.

It's exactly that, but it's similar to that.

Oh.

It would be easier if it was.

But Jason, I love it.

And Jason is on their post and so much good stuff.

Make sure you like it.

Yeah, it's, it's where I go to, it's where I go to put out all my email, all my blasts.

Tell people what I'm up to.

Dick picks the whole thing.

All right.

Sprague, what are you plugging?

Tpublic.com slash Sean Distin.

Get yourself a future as a female splinter shirt.

Yeah.

We want to see you out there in these streets.

We also have a final episode of, you have to stop talking TMNT on CBB coming out.

I guess in a couple of days here, Scott, it's been such a, No, well, it's about a week and a half or so.

Oh, that's a couple of days in some people's description.

Sure.

Yeah, definitely.

But, and you can get all the previous episodes with the aforementioned Tatiana Maslani and Jason and then also other guests like Seth.

And a lot of people might not know you guys are also ranking all of your top five stars.

You're a top star.

And I believe in our final episode, we're going to do our final Star Wars rankings and our final TMNT rankings.

That is all going to happen in this valley.

Wow.

And then stick around next season for our, our, our lost episode.

Uh, watch, we, me and Scott will watch every episode of Lost.

And then we're going to talk about, we're going to talk about each episode and how it could be, I don't know, Scott.

I'm just reaching.

Yeah.

You're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you guys should do the ghost bust this cartoon.

Oh, that's not, you know what?

You know what, me and Scott do the ghost bust, Scott do coming season two.

So stick around or snorks.

I guess it's got good.

Do the snorks.

We'll talk about it.

We'll talk.

All right.

We'll talk about it.

Uh, all right.

Frankenstein.

What are you plugging?

Um, my biography by Mary Shelley is fantastic.

Was that authorized or was that an unauthorized?

Uh, it's, we put unauthorized in that red stamp on the front to make it salacious at the Hudson News, but it's authorized.

I was there.

How did you feel about Bobby De Niro's portrayal of you?

Um, in that one or I meet the fuckers.

Oh, wait, he was playing you and meet the fuckers?

Yeah, that character is based on me.

I had no idea.

I have nipples back.

Can you milk me?

Oh, okay.

I see it now.

That's like the answer is yes, because you have a female's nipple.

That's right.

I have Eleanor Roosevelt's nipples and they are.

Oh, those are hefty.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Well, they're also implants.

Uh, she had him.

No, I got them into her breasts.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

And on that, was she part of the itty bitty titty committee?

Oh, Jesus.

I don't think they had set up that part of the cabinet yet.

I think that was Jimmy Carter's administration.

Oh, okay.

Rosalind did that.

Um, and then big grande website.com is a new place to buy podcasts directly from the group.

Big grande of teachers lounge.

Uh, we'll say fame.

Sure.

Fame.

Yeah, podcast fame certainly.

Yeah.

All right.

Podcasts.

I want to plug the, uh, uh, Auntie Donna's big old house of fun.

I am very proud of that show.

The guys from Auntie Donna, the Australian sketch group, uh, made a show out here in the States and it's on Netflix right now.

Only six episodes and they're all a lot of fun.

A lot of guest stars like Paul F. Tompkins and, uh, Weird Al Yankovic and, uh, this guy Carl Tarts is really funny in it.

And, uh, yeah.

Chocolate Mastodon.

Yeah.

Speaking of chocolate mastodons.

Uh, and the one that he was speaking about.

Uh, all right.

That's going to be it for us.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You start with a C when you want to close it up.

You lead with an L and then you own.

Oh.

Take your hands and open it up.

Then he just says.

Oh.

Open it up.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much.

Uh, J-Dog, always great to see you.

What a delight.

I'll talk to you later this week about comic books.

Yes, we will.

And, uh, Frankenstein.

Look, what else can be said?

Uh, uh, Shih Tzu.

Well said.

That's where we have said Shih Tzu on this show.

Yeah, so I appreciate it.

Uh, and, uh, Nuke, Nuke, Nuke, what is it again?

Nuke and Tutti.

Nuke and Tutti, yes.

Nuke and Tutti, great to meet you guys.

Continued success with your chosen profession.

I mean, as far as you know, you're going to be passing away in a approximately nine days or so to ten days, twelve days.

We will all be gone.

We'll all be gone.

So it's not just you.

It's going to be all of us.

Yes.

You will be gone as well.

Yeah, and Sprague.

I mean, uh, go rescue that PS5 for me.

I might, but I might also just hide in the closet until the crew's just sort of sweep the house.

So if you, if you see anyone here, I'm in the closet.

Don't say, I don't want to be out here.

I hope you're not.

I hope you're not taken.

Oh, Scott, if I'm taken, do you have a particular set of skills that I'm giving?

I know a lot about comic books.

Do I get you back with that?

Oh, that sounds like a great spin-off for my Patreon.

I get taken.

Scott uses his comic book knowledge to set, we'll figure it out.

We'll figure it out.

All right, we'll figure it out.

And chief, always great seeing you.

Where are you off to next?

I am on a flight to Dubai, United Emirates.

I'm oiled up.

I am dressed down.

I am ready to climb the side of the Burj Khalifa.

Are you on your phone?

And while the plane is taking off, you're mask.

I've already taken off my mask.

It's fine.

There's only one person near me.

Who's that?

It's fine.

The air on a plane, it's, the way that circulates, it's safe.

As long as I have a mask home.

Okay.

Wearing a mask is a violation of my right.

Okay, I see.

We're going to do it.

Also, I am using my internet, my go-go in flight internet to check out Frankenstein's only fans.

See what them feet do and what that ass talking about.

She's just bought me a ring white.

All right, we'll see you next week for the best ofs.

Thanks to all of our guests, all of our previous guests, all of our current guests.

And everyone who's been on the show this year, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪♪ Okay.
