♪♪ Never look at gift horse in the mouth. Give it eye contact.

Welcome to comedy. Bang, bang.

Thank you to its pronounced Wiener slave for that catchphrase submission.

Thank you. It's pronounced Wiener slave. I don't know how else I would pronounce it.

Wiener slave, maybe. Welcome to comedy. Bang, bang. And happy new year 2021 first episode.

May the January 4th be with you. We are back for 2021.

I'm getting applause from one of our guests. It's either that or rhythmic clapping.

I'm not quite sure. Maybe you're gonna be...

♪♪ That's right. We know who that is by the way. And you know who I am Scott Ockermann, your host.

And as is tradition on the first episode of the year, I had to really bowl and search for that one. Yeah, it's called a year. 365 days, sometimes 366.

We have two very special guests. They are friends of not only mine, but of each other.

They... So we have it like a circular friendship. I'm friends with one of them.

I'm friends with the other one. They're friends with each other. They're also friends with me individually.

And yet the three of us are some sort of Voltron friends here where when we team up, we can only appear on this podcast together on the first episode of every year.

And you know their voices. You know they're singing.

Of course I'm talking about. You know him from SNL and Good News, amongst other things.

Horatio Sands is here.

Swain, you know him from and as Sonic the Hedgehog and various other things that he tweets about that I don't know if they're still around. Duck Tails?

The crew just got canceled. Literally just got canceled.

Oh, Magoove, that's got a sting when someone like me brings it up.

It almost seems like you researched that it got canceled and then brought it to my attention.

So it was it was kind of it didn't end on its own terms.

Like you just wham it like you just queens gambitted me.

Don't laugh like you Sicilian defense to me. Ben Schwartz is here. Welcome.

Benny Schwab.

Lovely to see you.

Hey Scott, thank you for telling everybody what it what it means to have three friends.

So basically we were three friends, but you took the longest route together.

Well, I don't want anyone to get the idea that you guys are friends without me.

And then I'm also just friends with you individually.

I want everyone to know that all three of us can be friends in an equilateral triangle of friendship.

Why can't we be friends? Why can't we be fans? Why can't we be fans? Why can't we be fans?

Everything in zoom is impossible. I see you dancing at the disco deck.

That's the one line that you gravitated towards.

You did it more committed than anything I've ever seen you do in your career.

That is my line. Everyone knows in a karaoke. I'll take the mic away from you for seeing that.

Whoever's singing that may I say something about her ratio oftentimes Scott.

Please say something nice about her ratio.

Her ratios in the Mandalorian on Disney Peruse.

Yes, the Mandalorian.

He is so effing good. The man in the DeLorean.

He's talking about Doc Brown. He is the new Doc Brown.

The Peter Pascal for the character named Mandalorian.

Peter Pascal who's from Chile. Where her ratio stands is from as well.

We're both from Chile.

Two Chileans. And didn't we talk about that? How you sort of bro down over that fact when you were filming?

We did. I think. Yeah, we had a good time and he's very similar upbringing.

I don't know that I've ever said we had a good time about a conversation I had with someone.

That's a good level. What a weird review. We had a good time.

Well, I mean, I making smile. I had worked with him. So I sat around with him for a long time.

Sure, but I mean, the work you had a good time. But you said it about the conversation?

Yeah, he had a good time when he was talking.

Let me just say about the first time. First time we spoke, we had a really good time.

Yeah.

We had the last episode you were in, which is season two near the end. You're so good.

You're acting is so good. You're funny. You're dramatic. I was so I texted you immediately after I.

I know. Thank you so much. So good. And I just really loved it.

I watched it and I was like, they're going to start giving Academy Awards to TV actors.

That's what I thought. Because that's how good you are.

Thank you. I know this is for movies. We're going to make an exception for this guy. Get up here.

I think I should at this point, I should I should really get nominated for a Latin Emmy.

Yeah, if nothing else. I'll say earned it.

Because I mean, Latin Emmy, they're going to be like, look at this guy is blue. You know, he's not a Latina who's playing someone who is blue.

I mean, you are really pushing boundaries and yeah, breaking down barriers and glass ceilings and everything.

Yeah, I'm the checker. He tries to get a Latin Emmy and every year he failed.

Yeah, never gotten one. I mean, they have Latin Grammys.

Why not Latin Emmys Latin Oscars? You know what I mean?

Oh, I think that you said Latin Emmys and then someone was like, let's just not do this anymore.

Wait, it took one person? Yeah, one guy. I think it was Mark Anthony. It was Mark Anthony said, let's not do the shit anymore.

This conversation does not seem like a good time. Would you agree? Scott, this is not a good time. I'm not having a good time.

No, you don't have a good time. Ben, I'm sorry about the DuckTales, Snafu and Apologize for that.

The first thing you did was talk about something they got canceled taking right from one of these.

But you always have these irons in the fire. I never know what's going on with them because I'm not a child and I don't want your work.

Do you want to talk about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?

That's my other show.

You are on Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles. Are you not?

You got canceled. No joke. I canceled a couple months ago.

Oh, no. Jeez. No joke.

What are you doing in these cartoons? Are you trying to do a black voice? Excuse me, Rachel? Why are these shows getting canceled when you're trying to win a Latin Emmy with these?

This might be a reason why I keep trying to sing copy written songs and they can't afford a way to have it.

Yes. All my entire budget went into it. They could just cut it out, I would think. But no, once you sing it, no, I sang the whole thing and there were only 11 minutes ago.

You sing all of your lines to the tune of Stairway to Heaven? Yeah, yeah, yeah. So I was unusable. I was unusable.

You know what I never sang to you guys? What's up? Yeah.

Why can't we be friends? Why are you lying? Why are you lying? What's your line? Singing your line? He's coming up.

Why can't we be friends? Why can't we be friends? You need to do an entire course before you sing your one.

I see you dancing at the disco deck!

Did he sing it like that or is that just you singing like that?

I think he's saying it like that. I kind of recall as a kid watching the midnight special and sing.

It's a little too aggressive for that sentiment. It sounds like he's going to murder him.

I'm assuming it's a her, I think. Maybe. It's a her who has turned the down.

What's a, why does it matter? Why does it matter? Nice.

Yeah, you're really 2021. 2021? I think it does not matter who's dancing at the disco tech or what gender they happen to be.

Good for you. So sorry about talk tales. Sorry about Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, but you have Sonic is still going strong and Sonic the Hedgehog.

Maybe you've heard of it. Yes, great film. I think you might be up for an Academy Award.

Or probably more like Jim Carrey if there were to be one.

Give me something. I don't know what else do you do? What do you mean what else do I do?

You made fun of, I was going to tell them in a couple shows now.

Yeah, what are you? Yeah, what are you with? Yeah, tell us.

You never call us and talk to us anymore.

Yeah, okay, the last time I talked about it, he was like, I'm doing something really secret.

I can't tell you what it is. And you want me to talk about that?

Yeah, tell everybody what I said. The real secret thing was, Scott. I can't wait. Tell everybody.

You are. Tell them. Writing a new Bible. I'm writing the new Bible. The new Bible.

The new Bible. Officially sanctioned. Officially sanctioned by God and Jesus.

G and J.C. gave me the go ahead. It's more of like an oral history you were saying.

Yes, it's the new New Testament. It's like a newer version of the Testament that's out there right now.

And to me, it's what they were really thinking. It's the behind the scenes of making the Bible type thing.

Yeah, and I heard Judas actually is going to give you interviews for it. Judas is going to give me interviews.

We already have a script Bob Balaband is playing Judas.

Really? He's so amazing.

Anything he does. So incredible. He can turn anything. You know, we just see him hang himself.

That's going to be powerful. Well, no spoilers. No spoilers.

This is the new New Testament.

So things are exactly as you remember. Oh, so it's like a reboot.

So maybe he doesn't leave it open for a sequel. I don't know if you saw Spider-Man into the Spider-Verse.

But there could be a lot of different Jesus Christ is out there. Oh, man.

Do you think there is like a Jesus in the multiverse who like day four was like fuck this not sending shit and then he like stole a cookie and never got to 100% of it's possible. You don't think that's possible.

I think that's really rude, honestly. Really? You think that's sacrilegious of me to say?

Yeah, 2021. You're doing whatever you want. It's terrifying.

I want to get a show with Horatio.

There's a real story in someone and Horatio brought on Santa Claus that happened to be African American on stage and someone called him us called it black Santa Claus and Horatio stopped the show.

Do you remember this ratio? This isn't even a bit. Horatio said, no, that's just Santa Claus.

Don't call him black Santa Claus. That's Santa Claus. And then the person felt terrible and it was a wonderful moment on stage.

Wow. Merry Christmas.

Well, yeah, because we had to find things at Goodwill or at Rite Aid to give each other on stage and improvise.

We wouldn't we wouldn't divulge what we were giving each other. And that was one of the items.

How often do you divulge anything? You do. Like usually you tell the size of Horatio's divulge, by the way.

It's huge. His divulge is insane.

Where are you putting on airs about this? I know. It's a improv show. I got a big divulge.

I got a big divulge in my pants and you know what? I'm a heavy guy, so it's not all, you know what? Good stuff.

But I'm okay down there and thank you for reminding me and everyone out there, Ben.

That's very important for 2021 to let everyone know your being a size.

You've got so much fucking Chilean meat down in his underwear.

If you don't get a C-bass in your goddamn mouth in two two two zero two one.

Is there another Chilean meat? Like what? I know maybe linguica or what?

Like what?

Lengua. Lengua. There's tongue.

Tongue? Yes. Chilean zik tongue.

Yeah. What was your favorite dish growing up or would you primarily just eat?

My favorite dish now and probably was. I guess I said growing up. Go ahead.

My favorite dish now.

The everything salad at a healthy, healthy barn.

Okay. I don't know why. We paid it to what you're eating now.

He was asking like, hey, what are you growing up?

My mother from my mother probably. She made a very nice.

Every day. A super called a bun de gaz.

You know, you serve it at Olive Garden with pieces of dough inside there.

Oh, wow. What you're called. Throw them in the pot.

Everyone loves their their mother's cooking, but can can everyone's mother actually have made something that good or is it just what your mom is doing?

No, my mom is not a good cook and she really knows it. She's not a good cook.

Yeah. Would you guys order out a lot or were you my dad would cook my dad would cook or she would cook the same three things.

I don't know if every mother was like this, but she would do meatloaf.

Chicken that we used to call veiny chicken because you could taste the veins in the chicken.

Meatloaf. Oh, and pasta to get green pasta and put cottage cheese on it.

Like spinach pasta. Spinach pasta with cottage cheese.

Those are my three dishes. Cheese on it.

And by the way, so my parents were very poor growing up. So we did a bunch of it like every now and then we would have catch up in our pasta.

Every now and then we put water water in our ketchup to mix it up to make more catch up.

Right. Right. So all that stuff growing up is stuff that we always did.

So is it something where you miss that kind of food? Like if you were to have it, would it would it bring back good memories for you?

I know joke just had a I have been on cottage cheese and so long and I had a taste of it and it I was like, oh my God, this would be so good with some spinach.

And so much like I was in state.

I think that's what happens is you get your brainwashed by your family that this is something good and then if you attach nice memories to it.

That's exactly right. Then you're going to eat it. Yeah.

My mother would butter both sides of every tortilla that she for when we had taco night and then flip them over.

And I remember when cool up my ex girlfriend and I started dating.

I made tacos at home and I started buttering both sides.

That's a lot of butter.

But then I got her back because she had never eaten shrimp tacos and she thought that sounded disgusting and I took her to eat them and she said they were good.

Anyway, you know, what's a weird thing. Her ratio.

It's a weird food thing you did is I every now and then you said dip my nacho Doritos and ketchup as well.

But you're not your Doritos and by the way, and catch up.

Of course, everybody does that. I'm not a weirdo, right?

Grilled cheese and ketchup adding water to catch up.

Well, that's you did that, right?

No, I never do that. Oh, see, why did you bring it up?

Did you think you said that?

I want to make sure you're still not doing it.

Yeah, well, I'm not anymore, but also like water in the hand soap every now and then we're the same role.

Oh, I do water in the hand soap. Sure. We all do water in the hand soap water in the hand soap.

Water in the hand soap.

I see you dancing at the disco.

Oh, but you know, if you could be a kid right now and be doing quarantine, would you or is it better as an adult?

I'm sorry. If you were a kid and could do quarantine, would you do it? Is what you just asked?

Yeah, wouldn't it be? Would you have traded one year of your life when you were a kid to be in quarantine?

Or are you glad that you are an adult and out of... Oh, great question.

Adult, definitely for me, I'm happy that it's happening when I'm an adult. Absolutely.

Yeah, I would have ruined my childhood, I think. Your entire childhood?

My whole thing would have been right.

Yeah, well, I can only imagine that going slow.

Yeah, not being able to go out there and see your friends and like just right around.

Is there anything you want to say, Scott, to all your listeners who may be in college or high school right now?

Of course. No, I think this year is going to be... I think we're going to be on the upswing here.

I got the vaccine a few days ago.

How was it? Tell us about it. By the way, I had to... Oh, it's amazing.

I mean, it makes you feel incredible.

I literally, I think I floated off of the ground for like just like two feet off of the ground and only for like 30 seconds. But it's amazing.

Only 30 seconds? It's a huge amount of time. Yeah, I mean, when you count it out like one, two, three all the way to 30, yeah.

It feels long. But in the grand scheme of my life, no, it was barely anything.

Right, I guess. I want to tell the kids out there.

Say no to the Druids.

Sorry, the Druids. The Druids. The new movie, The Druids.

Is that a crude spinoff?

The Druids spin off the Druids.

Yeah, I don't watch the Druids. They don't have the rights.

It's a ripoff.

Of the crude. I work on the Druids. I do a little voice of the bird who has amnesia.

Oh, okay.

But they'll stay away from the Druids. Stay away from the Druids.

Stay away from them in 2021.

If we learned anything, stay away from the Druids.

Stay away from the Druids. What are your big plans for 2021?

Like, what's the first thing you're going to do once that vaccine hits you?

I'm going to go to New York and hug my family. I cannot.

This is the longest statue of liberty.

And the statue of liberty. I'm going to go to New York, hug the statue of liberty, link every doorknob I can.

Yeah.

Three day every doorknob. Hug every cab.

Those doorknobs, they have to be so clean right now because no one's been licking them.

Like they usually do. It's so weird to think of how unlicked all those doorknobs are.

Horatio, what are you going to do when you get out there?

Oh, Russian baths.

That's what you've been missing the most. Oh, I'm missing so much. My Russian baths.

What is that treatment where you go into a Russian bath and it's really hot and then they slap you with like palm fronds and stuff?

Yeah, they they slap you with Hans and Franz. Yeah, they pump you up. It's called the pump you up.

Oh, he tells about that. It's kind of funny. Yeah, they have these dolls of Hans and Franz.

They're in a car V. Hey, Horatio, when you were on SNL, why didn't you, why weren't you in Hans and Franz?

That is such a good question. I was just asking why weren't you waiting Garth?

Um, I was almost in Hans and Franz, but they're like, it doesn't make sense because you're kind of chubby.

I'm like, well, can't you make fun of me? And they're like, well, we like you.

Well, I mean, the data carving in Kevin Neeland. Great guys.

Very nice guys.

They don't have the best bodies I've ever seen. Jesus. They used, they used a stuffing for those muscles.

When Gilda wanted me to be in the in the cone heads. Oh my God.

And she was like, I don't know. Shouldn't Balloosh do this.

It's so hard to say no to Gilda. I know. I know. But Phil Hartman said it best when he said Horatio, you're a gem amongst dirty leaves.

Wow. So he was trying to say you were like a diamond in a pile of dirty leaves? Yeah, because he knew that I was.

Wow. Amazing to have a compliment like that. Unbelievable.

Yeah. Amazing.

But 80 Bryant and I are just very good friends. But still still on the show. We're still on the show.

I can't believe we love how funny Beck Bennett is when he does cheeseburger cheeseburger. It blows my mind.

It is kind of interesting. You know how in Second City, they any of the scenes that you come up with in Second City?

This is this is one of her. Yeah. Tell us about Second City.

They they well, you, you know Horatio, any scene you come up with like they own and then other people do them years later is it? Yeah, as part of a best of. Yeah, but very weird.

Shouldn't they do that on SNL? We're like Will Ferrell leaves and like someone else is the cheerleader.

Yeah, I guess. But that's the part of the show is that they don't do other people's sketches. But it is taking this very seriously.

If someone said if someone said, Hey, Horatio, do you want to go do the cheerleaders on the road? I'd be like, Okay, really anyone me?

Yeah, me and you go three of us. We're going to go do the cheerleader.

I need this me in there. And that's enough attachment to the show.

So the three of us when quarantine opens up, we're going to go on tour. We're going to do the cheerleaders.

Oh, I love this. The three man cheerleaders is going to be a five minute show. Yeah. But people are starved for entertainment.

They want to get out of the house. That should be enough for people. Don't you think? My name is Scott. I am a cheerleader.

It'd be amazing. We were going to play Scott. I'm going to play Ben. Yes, correct.

Who does ratio? Oh, man, I got to play the principal or something.

Oh, God, you know, it's so funny. We don't talk for a bit.

And it's just like we're on a rocket ship to the moon of comedy. Horatio, do they tell you his name was Grogu when you were doing that show?

No, they did not. They never said, Hey, by the way, never said, Hey, by the way, no, they said the child.

Hey, Drew Pascal during that. They never yelled at me for saying baby Yoda. I didn't say baby Yoda. Yeah, during that great, wonderfully enjoyable conversation you had with them.

He never said, Hey, by the way, this dude's name is Grogu.

He looked at me. He was having a cappuccino and a bag of popcorn without the helmet out of Grogu was and he's like, no, without the helmet.

The Mandalorian. Oh, of course. Yeah, he popped around the helmet and he had a espresso or a cappuccino or something.

He's like, Grogu, the fuck's that. Wow. And this is an exclusive. He just walked away, you know, and he walked away. And then later he, I was getting my makeup taken off and he was like, Hey, you know what I said about Yoda's name?

It's okay. I like it now. I like it. So he sat with it like it now. Yeah, he had to sit with it. Yeah. And then he went to everybody and apologize to everybody in the crew. Pedro did really. Were you the only person who had heard him though?

I'm the only person. Everybody. Cause he thought I was going to go run and tell everybody. Oh, yeah. Wow. It's like just in case the ratio tells you that I shit on the name. But not true.

The timing of when he told all those people that just missed him saying it's you're the only one that heard him say to everybody. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you know how the volume is.

You guys heard about the volume? No, what's the volume?

What is the volume? Volume is the set that surrounds all of us in the man. Oh, that's right. It's down there in Long Beach or something you were saying.

Yeah. Yeah. So deep. Bunch of a put your ass to sleep. So you can get everybody inside there. And then you can make an apology. Sometimes we call it the apology volume. Wow.

At the end of the day, you get in there and you're like, Hey, I, there's a guy in there's a grip that I pushed a little bit getting on the set because I was late.

I want to apologize to everybody gets in the volume. Then I already cheers. Man, don't worry. Man, don't worry. I have a question just just because I don't know the size.

Approximately how many grogu seven inches. Oh, my man's got a trillane beer. How many grogu is your dick? Approximately how many grogu is your dick? About half a full grown grogu.

Is yeah, right now you're not seeing full full grown grogu.

How big is a brogu gonna get like two millimeters taller?

Listen, I can't tell everybody what I know for a, I know for a fact that it's between.

He's gonna be an inch and a half to two inches tall in the area. Oh, this is crazy. Star Wars spoilers. This is incredible. Do you have any other spoilers from the Star Wars set? I'd love to hear.

I mean, you know, the season is over now. Can you tell us what happens in season three?

I can't of course I can't tell you, but I can just give you a few things. Yeah, hit your head. Yeah, go ahead. Yeah.

Get you a little excited. Get my beak wet. Get his beak wet.

Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. There's gonna be an R2D2 series. Are you serious?

What? All R2D2s. All beeps and boobs. So wait, there's no C3B8.

Good news for good news for our buddy Ben. Hey, baby, it's back in my back in the action. BBA, RD4D, R2D2, RS6F. Oh my goodness.

Good news. Rebo, you're both a box lunch walker. You'll be 40s. You'll be 40s. We'll help you there. You'll be 40s are gonna be there. Tiko Wakiika is gonna be there. Oh my God.

No C3P also. We won't understand anything they're saying.

No. And there's no subtitles? No subtitles either. It's gonna be like you just gotta figure out what's going on.

And there's like really emotional scenes, right? It's a lot of beeping and booping and then like, like, it's really emotional. It's a very sicker drama.

It's got to have drama. It's got to have some last Star Wars universe. The normal star wars universe. Can you tell me any count to 10s got one? You know the rest.

In Star Wars in season three of Mandalorian, are there going to be lasers? Oh, hell yeah, man. How many? There's gonna be about a thousand laser shots. How do I know this?

I know the guy who makes the laser shots.

Oh, and he counts. Oh wait. This is an exclusive you guys.

This might get someone fired. So please. Okay. If you know Horatio, you sure you should say it? I think I should say it in the Mind the Lorian episode.

The Whisper Whisper Whisper Whisper Whisper Whisper yeah.

Whisper Lorian.

Second season. I can still hear. Lower. Lower.

Lower. That was a mistake where there was a guy's arm in one of the shots. The guy in jeans. Yeah, the guy. Yeah, the gene with one arm. Yeah, like Levi. Levi 501. Zach Levi was in 501.

He's the arm and the genes that was a mistake. And he's crying ratio ratio ratio. You're so upset about the gene sky for the Mandalorian.

He worked so hard to make something perfect. And like like Ben said, I really had good moments dramatic and community.

Great. So you hate to see people laughing at it like action moments ratio. You got to go on that little that little lead. How high above a girl.

You're going to go on that little ledge. It wasn't that high, but it was above lava. So it was it was dangerous.

But it was to say there aren't jeans in the Star Wars universe. They have laser swords. They created those. They can create denim.

The problem is there's no watches in Star Wars. No. This is this Joker was wearing a watch. Is that because there's no time or because they don't know how to tell time?

I guess they're not concerned with time really. So there's two minutes here and there an hour here and then what's that to us? I got executed dragon and fucking, you know, tonight.

They're dragons in the Star Wars universe. There are. Oh my God. Is that another exclusive? That's not a whisper. Whisper it. Whisper it. Whisper it.

So they're a dragon named Susan.

In season two, but just ended season two is done. Yes.

The secret dragon that we miss. What? What happened? The sand dragon. Okay. Okay. It's a sand dragon. I don't know.

I don't know. I'm starting to think that you're not even in the Mandalorian. Yeah. Everything you're saying doesn't make any sense.

I mean, you can't it's possible that it's not me because it is a lot of latex and a lot of latex. It looks just like you, but with blue makeup.

It's literally. They got someone who doesn't like you and put latex on them to look like you. Well, yeah, if they had to do a shot and I wasn't there, they would just put my latex on someone else's face.

Wow. How why were you not there often? Well, because I get fed up and walk off the set ratio. That's not like you. I know it's a lot fed up with all this latex.

You tried to you know what you tried doing 15 hours of work.

Covered in blue makeup 15 hours over how many days though.

A week and a half. He said, right? Yeah. And it was a two week period where I worked six days.

Wow. You take it. You take it from there, you guys. That sounds horrible. Look, I'm still crying.

Oh, Horatio tears of a clown. Yeah. That guy was in charge of making up the lasers. Which guy? Which guy Horatio? Arm and jeans and watch guy.

That's the laser guy. That's your buddy. He was supposed to make a laser. Instead, he got on camera.

Yeah. So he was and I told him, I told him, Hey, bro, you can see the lens. Lens can see you. Oh, that's just like your character.

So he was in the background trying to put a laser in. Yeah, he had a remote control and he had a laser in the wall.

And when we would when we would go, we'd let last a laser.

Everyone would have to go. And yeah.

They'd say, you go and you hold the gun. Yeah. You don't go.

You don't do that because it's a laser. Right? Right. There's no kickback.

So it's like a laser at a concert when you're like, Oh, right. There's no kickback when you do a laser at a concert.

So if you kick back, no kick back. Right.

But what you do is you put your upper lip over your bottom.

Let me go. Boom. And then it's how they know. Wow. That's unbelievable.

It gets cut out in the editing. Like you don't hear us going, But our face is like, Oh, right. You can see it. Wow.

That is amazing.

It's really quick. Don't you think? That's a beautiful thing about these. No matter how far the technology goes and volumes, it's still you got to go back to your bought brilliant theatric training. Yeah. You got to go back to your abuse.

Yeah. And once you once you ground yourself in your old, you know, you're crying again.

I'm going to get a ratio. Jesus. I this. I don't know why you're crying. No, this is a weird time to talk about.

I'm talking about Bobville. I talk about when I talk about vaudeville, dudes. That really, that's my, no, that's my stuff, bro. That's my shit.

Yeah. So I get really get really get modeling. Right. Well, then how about Sonic the Hedgehog spoilers because, you know, the sequel probably coming out in a couple years or something.

What do you got? I mean, I remember the spoilers on the post credit scene where some other character came in and there is there is.

Okay. But you can't tell anybody about this. Okay. What do you feel? And I'll whisper it. So you guys. Okay. Okay.

Whisper. Okay. Okay. So I can still hear you.

And the new Sonic that Jack. Sonic that Jack too. I have a lot, a lot of new catch phrases. Whoa. Give us one. Okay.

But you can't tell anybody. Okay. Not a soul. Okay. Whoa.

Those sislin steaks.

Wow. Is that about like, is there a barbecue happening or what do you say? Sonic says like a nice pair pair of bottoms, a nice ass.

Oh, those sislin steaks. Okay. Who's who's that? I can't tell you that's too much. I see a horn dog. What? No, he's not a horn dog or ratio. We just saw a nice bottom like on a on a on a background artist or one of the main characters.

Oh, it was a makeup artist off set. When you watch the movie. How are you going to know what he referred to? What do you mean? I don't know. That's what it's got a lot of stuff you want to get to hear some others. Oh, better get make go.

Better get make go. Shh. Don't tell people. That's a big one for him. What? Who's make go or what is make go? Horatio.

Horatio. Because he used to be a commercial. Yeah. Yeah. I watch a lot of television and make go. They change transmissions and mufflers. That's right. That's right.

The third one is so fucking insane. You can't. Better get make go. It's more insane to make go. It's more insane to make go. Okay. It is. Okay. Right. So there's a scene where sonic jumps out of nowhere, lands on the ground. Looks at the camera and says, what is that?

A 45. What lens are you using? A 45. I thought he'd be talking about a gun. A 45. No, he's talking about the size of the lens. A 75. Was it an anamorphic lens? So sonic.

Really. It's a lens. So he's into filmmaking. Yes. Or just lenses. Yeah. And then I'll go. All sheets anyone. That's what he says at the end. This is like Jerry Lewis. Is he like Jerry Lewis? Oh, yeah. What is Jerry? Why tell me Jerry Lewis, sorry.

Do we still have to keep whispering for the Jerry Lewis story? I gotta go pee. Is it a secret? We're going to go.

Are you leaving? He's leaving. He's leaving. Wow.

Are you back from peeing? Yes, I had to pee. By the way, we put a little sound effect in there. Almost like a, you know, time passing sound effect because you took like five hours to pee and we were just sitting here on the zoom. We literally were.

Literally we watched. So we watched all of how to with John Wilson. We watched the entire series while you were gone.

We watched the Godfather and about two hours of the Godfather too. So we still have about 90 minutes to go. Yeah. We watched Moana three and a half times. Yeah. What was taking you so long? I have lesions inside my penis. Inside the legions of doom or what or do you see leons or lesions? My doctor actually made that that joke.

He made a joke while explaining these are lesions, lesions of doom that you have inside your penis. Can you take five hours to pee? How often does your doctor joke around with you while giving you bad news? Too much too much. In my opinion too much. Yeah. I think that's right. What are some of the other jokes he's made? If it's okay to share. He said knock knock. Who's there? Carol. Carol who? Carol. Estrol.

I'll take it easy. Okay. That one's not so bad.

I don't think that's a joke. I mean, that's I'm not saying they're great. All right. We need to take a break. When we come back, we have a couple of very interesting guests.

This is exciting. I know you guys have to take off, right?

Yo. All right. Yeah. You guys have to go. But we have a couple of really interesting guests when we come back. Hey, Scott. I just wanted to say thanks for having us. It's a pleasure to. Oh, sure. We, you know, I'll catch up with you on the flip flop. So we don't need to. We can dispense with the pleasantries right now, but you guys are leaving. So we'll see you later. Christ.

Christ. I see you soon. What an asshole.

Right. So we'll see you. But when we come back, we have two great guests. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang bang. We're back and Ben Schwartz and Horatio Sands had to leave, but we have a couple of great guests here.

Now we all went through, of course, the holiday season recently. This is the first episode back of the new year.

And, you know, a lot of people during December, a lot of shows will have toy makers or merchants of toys on their show during December to say what hot new trends are coming up for toys this season and where they're sold and what might be running out.

But I always think it's interesting to have these people on a different times to kind of check in with them to see what's going on in different months of the year.

So I have a couple of toy makers on the show and this is post Christmas. So please welcome to the show Skip Weller and Channell left, Roboto.

Hey, guys, Channell here. Hi, Channell. Thank you for having us. Thank you for having us.

Your Skip, Skip Weller? I am.

And do you guys know each other or are you two separate toy makers who don't know each other?

No, we know each other. We're very close.

Oh, you're very close. Are you personal friends or do you work together? No, no. Well, we work together. We often go together and to conventions and we often go to swap meets and whatnot and try to find some inspiration for our toy.

Oh, we've written toys together. We build toys together.

Oh, you build them together. So, I mean, four hands are better than two when it comes to toys.

What do you mean? What does that actually mean?

We just use two hands. One hand each. So I'm the lefty, of course. And I'm the right. And we have to be very synchronized when we measure our toys.

Why would you guys do that? It seems like you could accomplish so much more without the practice and rehearsal if you just were to use both of your individual hands.

Oh, my right hand is an absolute mess. I injured my right hand in a toy making accident. Oh, no. 25 years ago in 1995 or so, 1996.

In 1995, I injured it in a toy accident. I was building a horse, but a seahorse. I was building a horse that...

Do you remember what was on the radio? Was like Pearl Jam on the radio? Oh, yeah. It was, um, and don't tell me to tear. I run to no part of your daughter. I'm pulled down.

Uh-huh. Great. Okay. So I'm really picturing this. And what happened? You were in the factory? I was in a gap shirt and a gap pants.

Do you want to have specifics? Yeah, I'd like to know what happened now. Now that we've set the scene and I'm imagining you in your gap shirt, your gap pants.

And I know what's on the radio. Okay. I had a happy meal.

The toy at the time was a Jurassic Park toy.

This was something that you were making or you just happened to? No, I was just enjoying the toy that came in the happy meal. Okay.

I got two cheeseburgers, no pickles, just ketchup. I got a six-piece chicken nuggets. I got a sprite small, but I asked them to fill it up with ice, my room.

And then I enjoyed my lunch after that. I called my mama.

My mama picked up the phone and I said, hello mama. She said, did you see this on TV?

And I said, what? She goes, the Simpsons? And I go, yeah, it's been out for like 10 years. Six years at that point.

Yeah, my God, mama. Anyway, what you were saying?

Oh, yeah, you're explaining what happened. Yeah. Do you not know skipped? Do you have no idea what happened to his hand?

I know, but I love hearing the story every time he tells.

Does he tell it the same way where he tells all this background that doesn't have any?

Always. Sometimes it's more background. Anyway, the Pearl Jam song ended. So I put on Dookie by Green Day.

Sure. So wait, one song ends and then you put on a brand new CD? Yes. I buy a CD for one song because I don't want to wear out the CD.

Okay, that makes sense. Sure. So like one song is in less than mint condition, but the other songs are in less than mint condition.

So on the Pearl Jam CD, one song is a little worn out, but every other song plays fine. Oh, have you heard that Pearl Jam song a little worn out?

Oh, I haven't heard that one. Don't tell me one out. I'm just a boy. So you put on Dookie and then what happens?

Usually we take Dookie out, if you know what I mean. But a shit joke. Nice. Geez. So you're better than shit joke, suddenly?

I'm not a joker at all. I just make toys. Oh, okay. Sorry.

Anyway, you were saying skip.

Chaniel. Chaniel. Chaniel. My brother. Chaniel is his name.

Oh, Chaniel. Your name is Chaniel? No, he doesn't skip. I said you were saying skip.

I said, yes. This is a who's on first bit. Wait, it seems like you guys work together so closely. You guys would have better communication skills.

Yeah. Are you Chaniel? I am. Okay. If you guys need to be introduced to each other every single time you have a shift.

We worked with each other for a very long time. Then we developed these bits in the van on our way to swap meets.

These are bits. Oh, okay.

Oh, they're bits, of course. So do you want to know how skip lost his left hand? Yeah, I would like, I mean, please skip. Do you want to tell that story? Are you comfortable with it? How long ago was it?

It was about it was during Desert Storm. It was about 15 years ago. I was masturbating during a firefight and I had my hand blown off.

Wait, this is where you there or this is back in the States at home? Yeah, I wasn't at Desert Storm. This is impressive.

You're just giving me context for when it was. Oh, yeah.

For sure. We like to give context. We want to know what year it is during a firefight.

I assume. I'm taking the P behind the bar in Prescott, Arizona, and there's a shooting. I thought you were an accidental shooting. I thought you were masturbating.

Well, I did the little half and half of you as a lot of guys know what that is.

So there was an accidental shooting behind the bar. While he was peeing and masturbating. Yeah. Okay.

Wow, that is a terrible situation. So, so. Yeah. And so I lost my masturbation hand, which is my left hand. Oh, are you are you left handed?

No, that's the thing. It's great. That's a good, great about it. I can use my right hand to help make these toys.

Okay, but you can no longer do what you were doing that that fateful night. I can only imagine or you've learned to adapt.

I've learned to adapt. Yeah. Good. You know, I'll do whatever I can do to kind of simulate my hand.

To simulate your left hand? Why don't you just use your right? Oh, no, he makes a toy. He made a toy that accesses left hand.

Okay. We just talk about like a flashlight. Basically how I lost my right hand. It's like that. You know that Hulk fist?

Yeah.

Oh, big that big Hulk fist. If you put a hole right by the in the middle, you can use that. I'm going to test when that came out because Horatio. I mean, sorry because it was basically using the duration.

What's Horatio? Sorry. I said, I said, Oh, Rachel. Oh, it's a it's a game. It's a game. Oh, by the way, 1992. I'm remembering exactly what happened right now. Do you mind if I tell you in 1992, three years before your accident? Oh, sorry. Yes.

Well, can I tell you what happened in 1992? Please go ahead.

A few a few good men was on the movie screen thinking about what was going to happen in 1995. I was on my game boy in 1992 thinking about what's going to happen in 1995.

Go ahead, Chino. You want me to keep going? It seems like you barely got to any of it. So, yeah, please.

So showgirls had just come out right 1995. We're back in the we're back in the show.

Showgirls Friday. It just come out. Tommy boy. It just came out. Of course. All those things. Like you're reading a list of movies online right now. No, of course not. I don't know. I don't use I don't use electronics because I make toes.

Clueless had just come out Billy Madison father, the broad major pain senior trip and just come out. There I am in my in my place of work masturbating and peeing behind a golf cart. Right.

Right. I should say desert storm had happened a little bit of time before. Anyway, and since according to a skip over here. Anyway, I was jerking off of my right hand. Someone shot it. Someone shot. Wait, cut to the emergency room.

I'm sure he's bleeding. I look over to my left. Who's there with his left hand bleeding? These are totally different years. This is amazing.

A severely obese person walked in wearing a very big black T shirt and we kind of put it on both of us and did that bit where right we were a two headed giant person with one right hand and one left hand.

You know that bit where you're a giant person with two heads? You know that bit, right? So, Channew, you were in the operating room for 10 years before they got to you.

It was a tough 10 years. I remember because such movies had come out. Billy Madison, Tommy boy, black sheep, kids, Friday, Batman returns. Of course. Yeah, all of these heat casino to long for we thank you for anything.

I'm a manager to new mayor. You know how everybody has COVID this year? Yeah, that's right. I've come up with a I've come up with a gun that shoots COVID balls at people. And it's obviously not real COVID balls like their shapes like the novel coronavirus or spike balls. Yes. And they're little and their spikies are are suction cups so they'll stick to glass or your friends face. Hopefully if it's greasy.

It doesn't sound fun at all. Did were you able to sell any of those this year? We sold a lot to these Chinese companies that made them. They had made them for us and they were like, you know, we're going to dump them over here. I thought you make the toys.

We make no, no, no, no, we create the ideas. Oh, so your toy creators. Yeah. Oh, I see. But then you. Okay, ready?

Test the name. Any kind of like of things you'd want to make a toy.

I don't know if you'd want to make a toy out of it. We'll tell you exactly the perfect toy to make out of those things. Okay. Chainlink fence. Okay, fantastic. You can make yourself a sweet old chainlink fence shirt. Like a like a like a like a for armor. Like a shirt. So you like you use a pattern on the chainlink fence to protect yourself from bullets. Yes. Or dogs or dogs. Seems like it would be a little more effective for dogs than bullets. I mean bullets could probably. I mean a chainlink fence. Not a lot of coverage there. There's a lot of stuff.

You know what I mean? Well, the links are really heavy. Hot links. It's a chain hot link. Chain hot link. Yeah, we were talking about a hot link fence. Not a regular fence, but one made of hot sauce.

Another item, please. So you want to continue this? How about a computer modem? Computer modem? Sure. Oh, yeah.

Okay. That's easy.

Yeah. You can make a little friend to put some googly eyes on it. Okay. How many of your ideas are just putting googly eyes on something that already exists? Can I ask?

I don't know like 80 85 90 percent. Okay. So a little more little higher 95. Tell me when it stops. Yeah, 95 97. The only thing basically that wasn't the googly I think was the fence, the armor fence. Okay.

So that's your one bit of inspiration is the chain. One thing that smells one thing that smells one thing that sells really well now is it smells it sells. That's the old toy maker adage.

That's what they say is that. Channell put googly eyes on a bag of googly eyes that they sell at Michael's custom craft.

Whoa. You got it.

People want to buy the bag because it's a little creature.

Yeah, it looks like one to talk to you. But then when you open it up, it's a lot of different eyeballs.

That's I mean, that's a kind of a unique idea. I've never seen anything like that. That's incredible. Thank you. He puts eyelashes on cars and every hill. He buys his own eyelashes and puts them on people's cars. Yeah.

I'll steal eyelashes from people and put them on other things. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. If I find the person has got a sweet set of eyelids. I look at them and I'm like, do you mind if I borrow eyelashes? They, of course, say no. I punch them in the face. Grab those lashes and put them on a car.

Because in a car, yeah, cars are so big and these lashes are so fucking tired. No one notices. You got to look up very close. If you get up close, it's fucking hilarious.

Well, I do. Who do you work for? Do you have a boss?

Bruce Springsteen. What? Bruce Springsteen Street, not the Easter band, just Bruce. So he doesn't bring the history band into the toy making. No, he wants to keep it all for himself. Oh, man, he is so selfish. Yeah, he's one of our biggest vets, sirs. Channel actually dated one of his babysitters.

Oh, man, that's how he got to know who he was.

Anyway, if you check out any of his babysitters, none of them have eyelashes anymore. Excuse me. Channel. Is there a website where I can check out all of Bruce Springsteen's babysitters? Yeah, Springs, Springs, splashes.

Is in there? Yeah, sprees lashes dot org back slash. Okay.

So are you guys friends or is this a friendship of convenience because you work together and you have to work together?

I don't think it's rude. I think it's I mean, you're on this show. This is, of course, the show where we talk to interesting people. We find out about their entire lives.

And, you know, I wonder if this is a challenge for you or if you have any kind of petty swaddles with each other.

If you're friends with me, you know my birthday skip with my birthday. April 4th. That's correct. So I guess we're friends. Okay. What's my birthday? April 1st.

What? Okay. What year? 1923. I'm yours. Yours. Bingo. Yours?

63. That's correct. I'm way younger than you. So you're so so skip your 97 years old and channel your quick.

Quick, quick math. I don't know why you're singing. I'm afraid to do that. I mean, that's like a May, December friendship here. I mean, do you have a lot in common?

Other than, of course, not being able to use your own hands.

Well, we both love toys. We both have one hand.

We love bits. We love bits. We love desert storm. We love our troops. We love it. By the way, skip. You said you were, you lost your head when you were doing this 15 years ago when you were 82.

Yeah. I was still, I was still spitting out there. If you know what I mean, I guess. So I still masturbated when I was 82 and I stopped.

Did you guys shoot each other? That's what I was getting to.

Okay, you got us. You got us.

In two separate incidents, we looked each other up on Craigslist. There are two guys that just wanted to have their heads blown off and the rest is history.

We haven't sold the toy since. Really? But the dream is alive. The dream is alive, baby. Every Christmas we pray and every Christmas our prayers are dashed.

What's the best toy you ever came up with? Clock thrower.

Clock thrower? Yeah. It throws clocks or it's a clock that throws things. When it, when it, when you set the alarm, it jumps at the person in bed.

It lunges at them? It lunges at them. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. To like throttle them and wake them up or just shake them. The scare them, throttle them up. Basically, it's made with material that's not going to hurt them.

So it's rubber. So it'll hurt them a little bit, but not really. And it jumps off the nightstand. Boom. It's on the head. You're like, what the fuck?

So you, when you hear it go off, you have roughly what?

Five seconds to get out of the way. If you don't want to be hit every morning.

You have about 4.7 seconds. I remember when you told that idea skip, you just watched Beauty and the Beast and you're like, Oh, clocks can move.

That's the first time I realized clocks can move. What do you think of Beauty and the Beast? And that was 1992, I believe.

I hope so. My, when you were thinking about what was going to happen in 1995. Well, listen, my best invention I've ever had was a knife, but the handle of the knife was also a knife.

Oh, knife knife. So that's like a knife knife. A double, a double-sided knife. Yeah. It's a blade blade on top blade on bottom, baby. So it's sort of like a Darth Maul, but with a knife instead of lasers.

On the Darth Maul, it's just two blades. That's right. Two blades. It's like, it's like a Wesley Snipes. Two, well, he did. He was three blades pretty famously as I recall. Okay.

Sorry to burst your bubble on this. You seem really deflated because I couldn't believe it. I've seen blade and blade two. There was three.

There was a third one in the, you might like it even more than the first two. I don't think so. I love the first two.

This is disgusting. I hate it.

You hate it when someone makes a sequel to a movie that you love? Well, I love that later on. I love that too.

Yes. They made two of those. Skip your saying? Yeah, I said they've made two of those blade runners.

Well, no, before that you interrupted the day, guys. Oh, yeah. That's something to say.

I was going to say there's this new razor out there that has five blades.

Are you fucking serious? So do you want to watch that at my house? I can make some air pop popcorn.

I'm sure I would have. I don't know about that.

So there you go. That's my blade. My blade joke. And that's the kind of bits we do when we're creating these toys.

Well, guys, it's all right. We'll be. Well, you guys have to go. I'm sorry, but we'll be right back with two other weirdos.

When comedy bang bang returns, we'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang. We're back. And of course, a channel left row left, Robotic. I'm sorry. And Skip Weller had to leave.

But an old friend has decided to drop by to talk to us. He's been on the show many times over the years.

Please welcome back to the show. Shelley driftwood. Hey, what's up, guys? Hey, when you say guys, you mean me, right?

Yeah, I mean you and my neighbor who's here with us. Oh, everybody. How are you?

Good. You brought your neighbor with you. That's so interesting. Yeah. What's your name, sir?

My name is Bobby Newt. I am a little child and Shelley asked me to come along today because I'm not to be.

I'm not to be trusted on my own. Oh, okay. You're a little boy. You sound so mature for a little boy.

Thank you. I can buy cigarettes. Oh, wait, you're 18? No, no, I use my voice. I use my ear to see home alone too.

I use this voice and people think it's like whatever. Then I make it a little bit deeper.

Do you buy cigarettes in home alone too? Yeah, the home alone too. I saw he buy cigarettes, does heroin, then goes to the pigeon lady.

That's an alternate universe home alone too, I think. Yeah.

You guys came. You guys are on the same zoom I can see. You guys are together.

Yes. How are you? Yeah, we are. We're in the rock and roll hall of fame in Cleveland, Ohio. Yeah, Cleveland rocks.

Wait, what are you guys doing at the rock and roll hall of fame? That's incredible.

I'm staying away from everybody, keeping away from the COVID.

Oh, because it's keeping the rock and roll museum, making sure no one breaks into the rock and roll museum and this creates any of that.

The displays. That's really telling me that if we stay here long enough, all the guitars will come to life like in night at the museum.

How long have you guys been at the rock and roll Hall of Fame, then a quarantine together?

How long has it been? Like two weeks? Two weeks? 14 days?

You guys should have been quarantining since March, I would think.

But it's only been two weeks for you? No, just two weeks so far. Bobby Noots is the son of Charles Noots who played drums with D.O.

Oh, yeah, back in the day. So that's how I know him. I babysit him, you know, when I can.

He's a good kid. He's a good babysitter too, by the way. Oh, really? What's your babysitting style? Hands-on?

What is your babysitting style? Well, you know, I do zombie break-in. Yeah.

Or depending on what age of the kid, you know, I'll pretend a zombie's breaking in and you'll find some stuff in the fridge and just spit it out of my mouth and just walk around like I'm sick.

Kids really got it. Kids are like, what happened? What happened to Shelley? I died.

And then my dad will come back like a couple hours later and they'll be like, why are there no fucking eggs in the fridge? And Shelley will be like zombie and I'm like, it's so fun.

He's a great babysitter. I am a great babysitter and, you know, and everybody in the rock world, people know me. I'm pretty good.

Well, like a rock and roll babysitter now. You're a rock and roll babysitter. So what happened? You were babysitting Bobby Noots over here a couple of weeks ago and you realized that you should take it into the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

And instead of his house. Well, his dad and mother are going through a rough breakup and. Oh, I'm so sorry. His dad's doing an aria speed wagon tour right now.

And aria speed wagon thing. It's a branded content for Oreo.

Oreo sponsored Oreo sponsoring an aria speed wagon tribute tour right now that's going through.

So I'm by myself, even though my parents are going through some stuff. Cambodia, Vietnam. Oh, I mean, a lot of most of Southeast Asia.

Yeah, interesting. So they're having a rough time. I'm so sorry. What's making it so rough? A lot of arguing or?

Well, I hear them arguing a bunch and then like they're like yelling and they don't like each other's cooking styles and they don't like the same TV shows and stuff that they watch and they like monster trucks, but they only like the wheels.

They don't like the truck part. No, that must be so hard for them to go to a monster truck rally and have to watch those trucks instead of just the wheels rolling.

Yes, I don't know. It's a silliest arguments that do the most damage to these kids sometimes.

Yeah, I feel like it's my fault and Shelley tells me it's not, but I feel like it's my fault.

Oh, no, Bobby, no. It's not your fault. I mean, the sins of the parents can't be passed down to the child.

Do not have the whole hunting scene with me. Do the whole good world hunting scene with me, please?

It's not your fault. What? Do I have to have the Boston accent? I don't know that I can pull it off.

Please, come on. It's not your fault. It's not your fault.

What? It's not your fault.

Is that my fault? Okay. See, I told you I couldn't pull off the exit.

Is that scene about someone farted in that room and Robin Williams is saying that he does say fart in it and he says it with a Boston accent?

He says, fought. Shelley, anything to add?

I'm loving this scene and that's one of my favorites when Robin Williams says fart in that film.

It breaks down all the seriousness of it. It really does.

So you are taking Bobby Noots under your wing here and into the wings of the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

What are some of the interesting things that you've been able to see?

I mean, I can, this is like any little boy or little girl who wants to grow up to be a rock star.

This is like their dream being being alone in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame for two weeks.

All right, here's a little hit. One o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock, pants, five o'clock, seven o'clock, eight o'clock, pants, nine o'clock, ten o'clock, eleven o'clock, ten o'clock, pants, pants, pants, pants, pants.

Bill Haley and the Comets pants are in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Are they hanging up on the wall, framed, or are they just like in a pile by the laundry?

It's a great Rock and Roll laundry pile.

And it's kind of the lesser known people.

It's the stuff from their collection. It's all just a show to the pile.

So when you're in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, you turn down a corridor.

There's just a pile of laundry sitting there. Most people don't know that this is famous laundry.

Yeah, it says, hey, welcome to Rock and Roll laundry.

And then you just see piles of laundry and it's, I guess, a fake laundromat. I hope so.

Oh, oh, fake laundromat.

A whole fake laundry inside the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame Museum.

Wow.

And yeah, and then that's how a lot of, because a lot of times Rock and Roll people will send junk to the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and people will be like, hey, we're not going to display this.

I mean, but if you throw it in the pile, you know, you can still get that same satisfaction of being in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

I mean, I think it would be interesting to see Elvis's jumpsuit or something, but just like a pair of pants worn by Bill Haley.

I thought you were going to say Elvis's junk.

That would be insane.

Dude, that would be insane.

I mean, I, to be honest, if I were in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and his penis were nailed to the wall.

Yeah, that would be interesting too.

Do you think it would be hard or do you think it would be like just what kind of Elvis penis are you thinking of?

I mean, it depends on when they chop it off, I would imagine.

Yeah, I guess I miss my dad.

Well, listen, kid, your parents are going to be back in a few months.

By then, we'll have the vaccine so we can go back to school, take you back to school.

Yeah.

Is there anything that you want to see in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame while you're there?

Oh, man, there's so much cool stuff here.

We have the socks from the chili peppers.

We have the Chumba Wumba, the Chumba Wumba's toes.

Those are so cool.

Have you ever seen Chumba Wumba's toes?

No, I don't know that I've ever had occasion to see them.

I don't even think they pointed down at their toes during the video.

Exactly.

So you have no idea what they're going to look like.

That's why it's so important.

That's why Shelley always tells me that what we're seeing is history.

And if you forget about history, then you can't pass it on.

So now I know what Lionel Richie's nose hair looks like and I could tell my friends.

So do you want to be a Rock and Roller Bobby Noots?

I mean, I've written some songs, but just because Shelley pushed me to.

Can we hear one?

I don't know.

Do you want to?

Yeah, I want to.

Yeah, of course I want to.

I mean, look, it doesn't matter how finished or unfinished they are.

I would love to hear just a rough draft even.

Okay.

All right, Shelley, you have to do the course when it gets there.

Do you want it?

Which one do you want to do?

I'll start it up.

You know the one.

Okay, I hope when I hear it, I'll know.

Okay.

Don't call me Bobby.

I'm just a boy and here I go.

Hallelujah.

Okay.

Okay, I get the picture.

I get the picture.

What do you think?

I see you.

That's you.

I'm hearing dogs squeal at how bad that was.

That was me.

Bobby, I'm just like a dog when he's happy.

Bobby's squint like a dog is when I'm happy.

How are you guys eating?

Are there a restaurant in the rock and roll Hall of Fame or?

Yeah, there's a restaurant here.

Really?

I'm going to eat some of these.

This is Shelley Driftwood and Bobby Noots with a new Closing the Plug Bag theme.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting a little eye mist.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You got to open up the pump bag.

Open it up.

Open up the pump bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open up the club bag!

Make sure you got oxygen!

And don't mess around with it!

Make sure you don't mess around!

Don't mess around!

You make sure you don't mess around!

Don't mess around!

And don't mess around!

Don't mess around!

Open that shit!

Wow!

Well, I mean, I think maybe it was a little bit shorter!

Yeah, Emma, you can hear my dog howling?

Yeah, your dog's howling.

Amazing, guys!

Well, we'll see what we can do with that for the rest of the year.

And maybe once we're out of quarantine, my other two friends could come back and do one in person.

But we're just about out of time for the first episode of 2021.

And I want to thank our guests.

I want to thank our previous guests, Channell Leftra Bottom and Skip Weller, and our current guests, Shelley Driftwood and Bobby Newtz.

And also a couple of guys who I think I was talking to them at the beginning, Ben Schwartz and Roger something I can't remember exactly.

But I want to thank you guys, Shelley and Bobby.

So great to talk to you!

Thanks, Scott. Good to talk to you.

I can't believe it's 2021. It's really scary.

We haven't the last time you did this New Year's Eve show.

Things were normal.

Well, Shelley, it's great to talk to you.

Always great catching up with you.

Have fun at the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

Have you broken any of the exhibits or anything like that?

Is everything still intact?

We put on the fat boys jackets and started wrestling, and we kind of damaged a few of the jackets.

No!

Well, we don't have time to get into that.

We have to end the episode.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks. Bye!

See you, everybody!

Bye, guys! And girls!

A little bit of shit, a little bit of shit, a little bit of shit, a little bit of shit.

Take a watch, take a watch.

Hear the...

A little bit of shit, a little bit of shit, a little bit of shit.
