♪♪♪ Well, butter my butt head and call me a beavis.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Animal for that catchphrase submission.

Ooh, I wonder if that's the Muppet animal.

Well, that would be exciting.

Boy, a celebrity catchphraser here on Comedy Bang Bang.

Of course, he would say it a little bit differently.

I'm not going to even attempt to do an animal impression.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Second episode of the year.

We are so deep in Janney.

Janney, Janney, we are so, so deep.

2021 shaping up to be a spectacular year.

And this year is no exception.

I don't even think that makes sense what I just said.

But welcome to the show.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang and have been the host and will be the host until I perish and pass it on to whomever I state receives the show in my will.

I know that, you know, that, you know, Jarefer.

Oh, Jarefer, character Wheaties.

What's the same, Jeffrey?

Jeffrey wants it.

I've called him Jason Menzukus so long that I forget his name is.

Now I want to say Jennifer character Wheaties.

Okay, that's not it.

Jeffrey character Wheaties, but welcome to the show.

We have a great show coming up.

We have a writer coming up a little bit later.

And we have our old friend here coming up here at the start.

We have she is an entrepreneur of sorts.

She runs the W Hotel, not the chain, but the W Hotel here in Los Angeles.

And she also has some sort of a cucumber in a bun business that she.

Quite honestly, it did not sound like it would last through the quarantine, but we'll check in and see how that's going.

Please welcome back our old friend Beandip.

Hello Beandip.

Hey, Scott, are you doing well?

Hey, I'm doing really good.

Good to see you.

It's been a few months.

It's been a few months, but I'll tell you this much.

You are wrong when you say cucumbers in a bun and they're not profitable, because I've made a lot of money over the last few months with cucumbers in buns and carrots in buns.

So in your face.

Where's you saying that you could have anything as a topping you wanted, including like very expensive items like?

Yes, you can get caviar on your cucumber.

You can get hot mustard.

You can get deja mustard.

You can get mustard with the granules.

Could I get an Xbox as a topping?

You can get a blended Xbox.

We'll put it in a blender and we will blend it.

Yeah, we'll put it in a tiny dust all over your cucumber.

See, this is how why I don't think it would be profitable, because some of the things you're mentioning and you sell the hotdogs for, I think, 75 cents or something like that.

So I'm 75 cents.

If you want to Xbox on it, though, it will be 1400.

Okay, let's see that.

Okay, I understand that the markup on the Xbox is quite high.

It's great to see.

I'm glad to hear that everything's going well for you, although I don't know if everything is going well, as much as you've mentioned the one thing, your cucumber and carrot in the bun business.

Every day is cool, well.

My love life, business life, personal exercise, food, air quality, everything's going great for me.

What's going on with your love life?

I don't know that we've ever talked about that.

I mean, let's talk about your love life and then your personal life.

Okay, fine.

Don't get me started, but...

Please do, though.

I want you to get started now.

Are you familiar with...

I'm going to write a couple of names.

Oh, okay.

So you're telling tales, your name and names.

All right, yeah.

Well, sure.

Are you familiar with Ben Affleck?

Are you familiar with Angela Merkel?

Are you familiar with Kamala Harris?

Are you familiar with Ben Affleck's for the case here at Flint?

Well, let's take him in order.

Ben Affleck, I know from Batfleck, right?

Uh-huh.

Okay.

Angela Merkel, you said?

Yeah, Angela Merkel.

Are you familiar?

Yeah, I am indeed familiar with Angela Merkel, not from Batfleck.

And then you have Kamala Harris, of course, who will be the vice president in about a week.

Yeah, vice-seat.

And then Casey Affleck, who is a brother to Batfleck.

So, yes, I'm familiar with all four.

Okay, well, all of them have been my lovers through quarantine and I'm done with all of them.

They were fun while they lasted.

Well, so Kamala, was this during the campaign?

Or...

It was during the campaign that that's why I had to end it.

Because I'm like, bitch, I need more time for you.

Okay, so you weren't, yeah, you weren't getting what you need from her.

Not totally.

Can I get real?

She was pretty good about Chowing Box, but she was not good about making meals, spending time looking in the eyes all day.

Yeah, do you expect your lovers to make all the meals?

Yes, I start my lovers and make all the meals.

How many meals do you eat a day, by the way?

Six.

Six a day.

Yeah, see, this is why it's kind of dicey to get involved with a bean dip.

Well, is it dicey or is it good for your health?

The oldest statistics in every scientist for MDs will say, six meals a day instead of three if you want to be healthy.

Well, six meals a day, I mean, that's hard to do, especially during quarantine.

Do you have supplies there in the house?

I mean, guess what?

It's not hard.

It's kind of when you make a giant pizza and eat it for six times in a day.

But, Kamala, what's too busy to make giant pizzas?

Yeah, well, I'm, yeah, I guess to make giant pizza.

Do you have a wood burning oven?

I have a wood burning stove inside my house and out in the backyard.

Two wood burning stove.

Also, two wood burning stove is at the W.

So if I want to make a special pizza, I go to the W.

You didn't get it made.

So a special pizza you can't get made in one of your two wood burning stoves there at your house.

You then need to go to the W.

It's an ingredient issue.

It's a spacing issue.

It's like a, they know how to do the Tetris of pizza, T.M.

Oh, what is the Tetris of meaning?

Meaning put them.

What do they fit?

Make them all space.

Don't put things by things that shouldn't touch.

Fill in the holes.

What should, what shouldn't touch on a pizza?

Purple running shouldn't never touch a pineapple.

Okay, I guess, although technically it all ends up in your stomach and it's all touching.

Isn't that right?

Well, wrong.

And then it, then it comes out the butt and it's all touching there as far as I can tell, unless you have diarrhea.

Well, take us on it's class because they do not mix in your stomach.

If you'll, do they cover diarrhea in science class?

I think I would have been far more interested if week one, it was like, all right.

Look, I know, I know this is a biology class.

Let's get it out of the way and talk about diarrhea.

Well, but, but basically I'm talking about a science class, not a biology class.

And yes, in a science class, you will cover diorins, you will cover solids, you will cover half, half e's.

That's when it's half diorins, half solids.

I understand what a half he is.

But if you don't understand this yet, get on the LACC website and get a science class because pepperoni goes in a different box in your stomach.

There ain't pineapple dust.

Everybody knows it.

Is this like how cows have four stomachs?

We have two and one pepperoni goes in one and pineapple goes in another?

Scott, can I ask you something?

Please.

I mean, I've asked you all the questions.

I would prefer to be asked them.

I just said, is a different box inside your own one stomach?

Did I say four stomachs?

No, being dip.

No, you did not.

I apologize.

I should listen more carefully to my guests.

Apology accepts a thank you for your cut-all list.

So, so it sounds like you've been eating really well during quarantine.

That's great.

Yeah, but eating great.

I've been eating great because my lovers who know how to fix the food in the second they don't, it's a bricks.

Yeah, I can only imagine that that's really hard.

I mean, has there ever been a time in your life when you've gone hungry at all?

No, there was a second.

There was a second where the ongoing market, well, I thought, this bitch is not going to make my schnitzel this morning.

But then she showed up.

I didn't realize that she had been on the DMV and you have run late.

So she made it.

But there was a little pair at the time where I thought, I'm not going to get to eat in a lot of time.

I'm going to eat in this business.

This is the most difficult thing.

The DMV.

She's just trying to get her American license.

Trying to get the right picture.

How she says it is like, I'm trying to get the right picture of my American license.

So when I visit from Germany for my summit, that I could rent a car and do good driving.

I'm like, bitch, don't make my schnitzel.

Get out.

So my follow up question is, do all of your lovers have to make food that is native to their home country?

That's why.

So Angela Merkel is making schnitzel, I guess, bat fleck and calf fleck.

They're making Boston baked beans or?

No, they are making Boston baked beans.

They're making dark, dark beers.

They are making French fries.

But they make a lot of bar food.

Yeah, yeah.

And Kamala, you get the best of two worlds.

Kamala, I get the best of two worlds.

I get, hey, give me some American pizza.

Also, I could get, get me a curry going.

So, wow.

So I would imagine your time with her, your belly was full.

My belly was full.

Let's get real.

Scott, my heart was full.

She just was not doing the greatest job.

So she had a.

Well, she has a lot of stuff going on, you know, especially now, I mean, she's going to be in Washington most of the time.

Okay.

Well, good luck.

You deserve better.

Thank you.

Good luck.

Good luck, Kamala.

Thank you, Scott.

2021 is upon us.

And anything happened to you in 2020?

I mean, I know that the year is new, but what's been going on in 2021?

How's your 2021 been?

It's hard to say 2021.

I mean, it's like 2020 was so easy.

And then 2021, 2021, it doesn't even sound like a thing.

Well, watch this 2021.

Easy.

Okay.

Sorry.

You're right.

Well, the year has been interesting because I usually don't talk about my family of origin.

Oh, yeah.

I don't really know where you're from or anything about you.

Well, I'm from a few different places in the United States of America, but my father is still alive and he has been in the news lately.

Thank you.

Wait.

He's been in the news lately.

How do you mean?

He's been in the news lately.

I don't know if you've heard of him.

His name has been dad.

Wait, being dad?

Being dad is your father?

Being dad is my dad.

Wait a minute.

Are you the girl that was trying to open the can of beans?

That's my little sister.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Because you know how to open the can of beans.

I do, but believe me, I've been there where she is.

Well, that, what that bastard's looking down at you saying, I get it open on your own bit.

So, so that's your father.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I, I, I guess I should have put two and two together.

Being dad and being dip.

Well, I mean, it seems like it will make sense.

It's right there.

You have the same family name.

Me.

If I met a bit.

Is Mr. Bean?

Are you related to Mr. Bean?

Mr. Brain is my uncle.

Wow.

He hates cancel culture.

He does hate cancel culture.

My uncle hates cancel culture.

Because he's like, I've always said it.

I've always since way back.

My uncle hates cancel culture.

And I feel like he hates it because he's like, Oh, then I won't be able to make my eyes go wide as surprising things.

Well, I'm sorry to hear about your dad.

Yeah, he's been going through a rough time ever since he told the tale of, I guess, depriving your sister of beans.

Yeah.

Well, does your sister, is your sister all right?

Does your sister have enough beans currently?

My sister, her name is Shaki.

Shaki Bean Shaki?

Bean Shaki Bean Shaki.

Okay.

Bean Shaki's been calling me in saying, I'm fine now.

I have all the beans I want.

I have also bread.

I have also.

What about puzzles?

Is she good on puzzles?

Because I know that that your dad was hoarding one.

I have plenty of puzzles.

I have beans.

Don't worry about me, Sis.

But I said, do I need to come down there and take care of being dead?

So I called him and he said, hey, I'll do whatever I want.

Remember when I made you open your own can, but except mine wasn't beans.

It was peas.

Oh, I thought you were going to say a can of whoop ass.

That would be like a nice, like, uh, insult for him.

I dare, I dare be down to try to open care of whoop ass on me.

You either open this can of beans or I open a can of whoop ass.

That would have been a great addition or a dendom, at least, to the story.

Well, I have to come live with me.

He's good.

He's or your sister, uh, Bean Shaki's going to come live with me.

Bean Shaki's going to come live with me.

Where's your mother in all of this?

Oh, pass away.

Oh, it was that Mr. Bean's sister or is, or is Bean Dad.

That's Mr. Bean's brother.

That's Mr. Bean's sister.

My mom wasn't a Mrs. Bean.

Mrs. Bean.

Oh, no.

Wait, is Orson Bean involved in all of this as well?

Orson Bean is a cousin of mine.

We don't talk at time, but thanks, Kiv.

We got to love to hang out with Orson.

Yeah.

Wow.

Well, you have, I mean, that's great that Shaki Bean, or Bean Shaki, rather, is going to come live with you.

And, uh, has your father been arrested?

I haven't quite kept up with the story.

I don't know what's going on with it.

I'm going to wait till Bean Shaki is safely at the W.

And then I'm going to call.

I have sw- oh, my text.

I'm going to swat him.

You're going to swat him?

I'm going to swat him.

I'm going to text Swat, say, go, or I'll get Bean Dad.

Then they'll go and he'll take him, and he'll go away to prison, and Bean Shaki is going to live in my house.

Well, Bean Dip, I'm sorry to hear about the troubles with your family, but I'm glad you're all right.

I'm glad your sister will soon be safe and secure.

Thanks, Scott.

I'm glad your father will be behind bars very soon.

Bar bar is pretty soon never to release.

So he's getting life for this transgression?

He's getting life for this.

I'll make sure of it.

I already spoke to a few Supreme Court justices.

For how many?

Because I think there's seven?

Is that right?

I spoke to five.

There's a majority.

Whoa, the majority.

And they said, don't worry Bean Dip.

We'll make sure he's in there forever, and we'll make sure bad things happen.

I hope your hair isn't Bean Dad.

Bad things are going to happen.

Who dissented, by the way?

Gee, us.

Carvin' all.

Oh, Kavanaugh.

Yeah, he wants to hang out with Juki and Spitz or whatever.

This is a Zach sentence.

Well, Bean Dad seems like fun to have bears with.

Yeah, okay.

Thanks, Kavanaugh.

Man.

Thanks.

Well, Bean Dip, it's great to have you on the show.

Are you excited?

I need your strong co-host energy here, because we have a writer here on the show.

I love writers.

Really?

Who's your favorite?

Stephen Kings.

Stephen Kings?

Is that different than the horror author?

No, that's the author, Christine, Koo-jo.

Silence Lot.

Sir Lancelot or Silence of the Lot of the Lambs?

What did you just say?

Silence Lot, but also Silence.

Oh, Silence Lot.

And also Silence of the Lot of the Lambs.

A lot of the Lambs.

Most of the Lambs.

Most of the Lambs, but some got away.

Run the little bitches.

What is that story that he told about?

I know the whole title is based on it.

Something about Lambs being loud or something?

I know I should know this.

Okay, I'll do the whole monologue for you.

Okay, yeah, go ahead.

Hey, Clarice.

How could you get in here?

Who let you in?

Security?

Listen up.

Why is he surprised?

Like, security would be surprised if she got past the maybe, but like, he should just be accepting of any visitors he has.

I agree, but who are you going to tell besides Steve on Kings?

Yeah, that's true.

Hey, Clarice.

How'd you get in here?

This should not be allowed.

Listen up.

So very quickly moves on, gets over his initial questions about the, why she's there, and then now wants her to listen up.

And now listen up.

I used to live somewhere and I used to watch you.

I know you lived on a farm.

You were the kind of girl who was dirty all the time.

And you looked like a little boy, you bitch.

I saw you playing with the lambs and you would say, I want to keep this one.

I want to keep this one in your mama would say, we need all meat.

We're going to have our glamour rice tonight.

So get out there with the knife and cook down the throats.

So you went out and you cooked the throats and they screamed.

All the lambs are screaming, Clarice.

But he never says, now they're silent or now you're hearing the silence of the lambs?

Or.

I left off the monologue because she just stares for a couple of minutes.

So a full 120 seconds of screen time just staring.

Ah, and then he goes, the lambs are silent.

So the, whoever came up with the title, Stephen King, I would imagine, is taking a few liberties.

He's not taking a direct quote of the silence of the lambs.

But sort of changing it a little bit.

He's smoking it more metaphorical.

Beautiful work.

Stephen King, one of the best living authors.

Well, we have maybe perhaps the second best living author coming up on the show.

Excited for this because we're going to talk to him together.

I can't wait to talk to another great author.

Wow.

Well, we do have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more with Beandip and more from this writer.

I'm not quite sure who it is.

My producer hasn't given me the name, but we'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

Wonderful show.

We have Beandip here hanging out being a co-host.

I need you in there, interjecting.

Anything that comes to mind.

I need you to tell me to shut the fuck up.

Quite like this.

Yeah.

I mean, yeah, you could have come in a little earlier.

As far as I'm concerned.

Okay, great.

All right.

But we do have a writer on the show.

Is that right?

By the way, our new producer, Devon, here with us.

And yeah, just give me the information.

Wait, this isn't a writer necessarily.

I mean, he writes raps.

Is that what you meant by this?

He writes, okay.

We've talked to him before.

He is written, you can't even say that he's written raps, necessarily, but he is an original member of the Sugar Hill gang.

That's great.

According to him, please welcome Cal Solomon.

Hi, everybody.

Hi, Scott.

It's good to see you.

It's great to see you.

It's a happy new year.

May I be the first to say this to you?

You are not the first.

I'm sorry to say.

I've seen other people since the last time I saw you.

So yeah, some other people have said it, but you're still getting in there pretty early.

Were people saying it to you last year?

I mean, since the last time I saw you, that was like five months ago.

Some people did say happy new year when it was getting close to New Year's Eve.

I hate that.

They wanted me the first.

I hate that.

They knew, I think just as a pleasantry, and they knew they probably weren't going to see me between New Year's Eve and the New Year.

And so it sort of became like a happy new year because the New Year is coming up.

Oh, I see.

So like, if I don't see you happy new year kind of thing.

Yeah, it's like a shorthand.

Sure, I understand.

Speed is short hands.

How big are your bad boys there?

Hold them up to the camera if you could.

You know, I have very long hands.

Whoa, those are really, really like, E.T. size.

Oh my God.

Oh, how you never looked down at your hands anytime we've ever done a show together.

I keep them hidden because I know they're distracting.

What do I mean?

How come it's got knobs on the end of the fingers, just like E.T.?

Oh, hello, young lady.

My name's Talon.

This is Bean Dib, by the way, Cal Solomon.

Hi, Bean Dib, it's nice to meet you.

Hi, Cal, nice to meet you.

Happy New Year.

Happy New Year to you, dear.

Short hand.

So it looks like you have 10 of like, Uma Thurman thumbs.

Here's what it is.

Are you talking about from that one movie?

No, from all of us.

Even Cal girls get the blues?

Sure.

Um, my favorite Tom Robbins adaptation.

Uh, I have, I do have very long fingers and they're so long that at the very tips, another knuckle started to grow.

Oh, no.

So is that, does that come in handy at all?

Is that a good thing?

No, it's actually a hindrance in many ways.

Because now you can bend your finger in, I guess, three different places.

Well, no, it's just, it's just the knuckle is right there and there's nothing to bend because it just stops at the tip.

Oh, it's at the tip.

It's at just the tip.

So where are your fingerprints below the knuckle?

My fingerprint is below the extraneous knuckle, which makes it very difficult to operate anything, like a touchscreen, you know, things like that.

Right. Something that requires a fingerprint identifier.

It requires a fingerprint identification.

Although, although you can now probably not leave fingerprints on things when you're pressing buttons, uh, and murdering people, I would imagine.

This is great news.

Well, I mean, I'm not so much of a murderer.

So it hasn't come in handy in that way.

Have you ever, have you done anything?

Let's say.

Sure I have.

Okay, but let me be a little more.

Oh, okay.

Have you done anything in 2021 or 2020?

Sure I have.

Okay, but again, I'm going to narrow it down slightly.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry.

I keep jumping the gun that you didn't want the police to know.

Sure.

Oh, there was more.

Wait, you were going to say sure after that you didn't want the police?

No, I didn't.

I don't want the police.

But no, I'm.

I see a B of course.

I mean, I'm a pretty American cucumber.

It's a bountiful.

I'm a, I'm a pretty, I'm a pretty law abiding guy.

You know, I don't really get into too much trouble.

So, you know, the having the fingerprints be hard to get on stuff.

Hasn't been something that's worked in my favor.

Yeah.

I can only think of, you know, one or two examples of it being a bummer, you know, like trying to turn on your phone, but I can be able to.

Yeah.

Or maybe like when you're picking up food at a restaurant.

When I'm picking up food at a restaurant?

When you're picking it up, like you got it to go order.

You're not trying to get your fingerprints all over them to go order.

That's true.

I know that's a pet pee for a lot of people when they go get the to go orders.

Yeah.

And by the time they get home, it's covered with fingerprints.

Yeah.

Just covered with smudges.

Nobody wants it.

Oh, we need some sort of way to fix this.

Don't you hate when you're taking your trash out and you have that wrap.

You have that nice.

Oh boy.

I hadn't thought about that, but.

This is quite akin to your previous wrap, is it not?

Have you ever been in your own house and you have to take the trash out?

I mean, the bag is shiny.

It's the black and sleek and it makes you want to shout.

So you pick up the bag, but don't you realize?

You got fingerprints all over the bag.

And now it's smudged and it doesn't look like new anymore.

And it looks like trash, which I guess is okay because it's the trash you're taking the trash out.

Oh boy.

You lost it right there.

It got away from me.

I feel like the logic got involved there where you started wondering why you wouldn't throw away something that smudged with fingerprint.

Exactly.

And as always happens, I got my first rhyme in there and man, I got so distracted by feeling successful at getting the first rhyme in that I couldn't hold it together.

That's the story of my life.

It's a story of my life flew too close to the sun.

Hey, cow.

Is that it?

Yeah.

It's being dipped.

Talk us a little bit through that.

The joy, the joy and relation you feel from your first rhyme and how it derails you.

Thank you.

Didn't you just?

I, well, but I think what being once is for me to go into great detail about, which I'm happy to do if that is the case.

I'd love it.

Here's the thing.

Here's what it feels like.

Is that, now look, I have established before on this program and I hope it's not too annoying to repeat it.

I do like to rap.

I'm not very good at it, but I think I can get better.

That's right.

And so I keep trying, even though it hasn't clicked quite yet.

At a certain point, I feel like you had improved.

When you got through two rhymes or maybe three, I think I may have gotten as far as three rhymes.

And I can't figure out if it helps to have a musical backing or if it hurts to have a musical backing.

At this point, let's just say you shouldn't have one and we'll just see how we go from there.

Yeah.

I mean, we don't, we don't need to, you know, we don't have to get those results right now.

But I, because the topic is how good does it feel when I get a rhyme out?

When I say the word that I know has to rhyme, like when that happens first, I'm like, okay, I said that word, that means I got to rhyme that word.

That's how rap goes.

And that's usually the last word that occurs on the last beat of a measure of four.

Is that how it is?

Something like that.

I mean, I don't know music, but when you're going, have you, let's say, for example, let's take rap is to like, have you ever been over a friend's house to eat and the food just ain't no good?

Now, you know that a rhyme with good is coming up.

So in my, in my rhyme, in my rap that I just did, where, where, what was it?

The word out?

I think it was out.

Yes.

And so I think, okay, I got it.

I got it.

It's coming up.

I got to get it.

I got to think of the words.

It's a, it's a funny thing where your mind is doing two things because you're talking, but you're also thinking about what's coming up next.

And so I get to that part and I think, okay, shout rhymes without, and I talked about being happy.

So this all makes a logical sense.

Then by the time I realized like, okay, I did it.

I feel so good inside.

Like everything's going according to plan.

This is everything.

I feel almost a religious zeal.

Like everything is falling into place as the creator has planned.

Then I started to trip out.

What runs with religious zeal, by the way?

Uh, a nice cut of veal.

That's great, girl.

But I mean, that's easy to do because they're right next to each other, but in a rap, they be farther apart.

So then when I start thinking about, when I start, when I go to that, that state of religious zeal, then I start thinking about the existence of God and what does that mean?

And you know, where do you land on that?

On that, by the way, the existence of God.

I just don't know.

I guess I'm an agnostic.

Okay.

So you, you, you don't believe that there's a God, but I don't know for sure.

I don't know for sure.

Right.

But I think there's got to be something up there that's responsible for everything, because otherwise, how would we have great wraps like rap is delight?

That's right.

So that, yeah, what, like, what's the thing on earth that makes you go?

There's got to be a God other than rappers delight.

I think dandelions, because the two things first, the, the, the thing you make the wish on, and then they become the yellow thing.

So they serve two purposes.

One, make a wish and then to be the yellow thing.

Yeah.

To look like a pretty weed.

For me, horizons.

Oh, so you think when you look at any horizon, or did you, or did you say Verizon?

I just want to make sure I actually thought being dip said, dead bones arise in the old camp song.

I know it.

No, it ain't.

I know it, brother.

I know it.

We dead bones have rise in.

Did you say that being dip?

I said horizon, but I'm also, I also have a Verizon phone and you do.

Okay.

I love that song.

Oh, you're a green bubble person like me.

Does Verizon make phones or are they just the carrier upon other phones?

Oops.

That's right.

They're just the carrier.

I got carried away thinking of Android phones, which I do have.

And Verizon's my carrier.

And by the way, during this pandemic, we don't want to be a carrier.

You know?

Oh, that's true.

So carriers are two things as well.

Good.

I don't want to be an asymptomatic.

Hey, have you ever been, hey, hey, hey, have you ever?

Now that hey is messing me up.

Yeah, it is.

It's because hey, almost just like getting our attention too much.

Like you rather slip under the radar a little.

I didn't used to do that before.

And now somehow I can't not do it.

Hey, have you ever been the victim of quarantine because of pandemics raging outside?

I mean, you got to stay in.

You can't see your friends and you, you, you, you can't show a hair.

No, I'd you got to run to the doctor.

Oh, no.

Then the next time I immediately contradict my premise.

Yeah.

Well, you got to run to the doctor.

You still have the rhyming word coming up.

I did, but it's about, no, I had the rhyming word.

I had the rhyming word.

You think doctors the rhyming word?

I think it was coming up a little bit later.

Doctors not the rhyming word.

But no, I mean, for your second rhyme.

For the second, but I contradicted the whole premise of the first, which is you have to stay indoors.

And then I talked, I talked so much about that.

Exceptions for doctors.

But I mean, maybe that would have been where I was headed.

I don't know.

But I feel like I said, by saying you got to run to the doctor, I should have started with you making exceptions, what the exceptions are.

Start.

Okay.

Start there.

With the exceptions?

Yeah, sure.

You said you should have started with the exceptions.

So go ahead.

Start there.

Well, I should have started the second.

Now saying start the whole rap.

Yeah.

With the exceptions.

Yeah.

Start the whole rap with the exceptions.

In media res.

Okay.

I'll try it in situ.

All right.

Hey.

Yeah.

Now you're doing that.

Hey.

I can't.

It's in there now forever.

Hey.

There's a few exceptions to a quarantine.

When you got to stay inside.

Like running to the doctor.

Limited grocery shopping.

And and and and oh man.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I didn't mean to make.

No, they're head there.

That's all right.

I yeah.

This is like a tin cup situation where I think I you got to like get rid of all all of the change in your pocket.

That's a special thing.

Yeah.

What does that mean tin cup where you got to get rid of the special change in your pockets?

Well, you have a cost.

Yes.

Thank you.

Kevin Costner.

He he at some at some point he's got the shanks and he real you know they they make him take out all the change.

The what?

He he keeps kind of slicing his ball to the left or to the right.

I'm not quite sure.

And it's in his head and they make him take out all of the change in his pocket and do it.

But it's like when you have the hiccups you're trying to get someone's mind off of it.

You have to take your money out of your pockets.

I mean it might help.

I've never tried that hiccups.

Take all of your money out.

I'll give it a go.

You know, I always carry every coin every American coin.

Every single one.

So what are we talking?

JFK.

Penny.

Don nickel.

Don.

Quarter.

Kennedy half dollar.

And then whoever is the current dollar coin.

What about second to we are you?

Are you going to hear?

One second.

Julia was the dollar coin.

That's who I had.

Do you have every bill as well?

I have one of every bill.

So even the million dollar bill?

Well, no.

The ones that are in circulation.

Oh, okay.

So the 10,000 though you have one of those in your pocket.

No, that's not in circulation.

What's the biggest one?

The 10,000.

The biggest one in circulation is the $100 bill.

That's the biggest starring Benjamin Franklin.

Wonder if he ever has an understudy on any of those bills?

He does, he got.

Could show up.

Who is his understudy?

Every now and then he'll have an understudy of Abraham Lincoln.

Oh, I think that would be confusing.

Sometimes you're going to $100 bill and Abraham Lincoln's on there.

Yeah, I mean you think.

But dressed up as Benjamin Franklin.

Yes, that's the only way you know.

Because otherwise.

It's pretty much just the bifocals, isn't it?

Yeah, because if you get Abraham Lincoln $100 bill, you might think, oh man, this is only a five.

Scott, do you think that the only physical difference between Benjamin Franklin and Abraham Lincoln is bifocals?

Well, I mean, that's the major tip off.

Maybe he has to.

You think that's the major difference between.

Otherwise, I mean he's got to cover up his beard with like a fake Jay Leno jaw or something like that.

Sure.

I think of him as looking very different.

Also to Benjamin Franklin, I don't think is wearing his bifocals for the official portrait that's on the $100 bill.

He's not.

That's true.

Maybe it's maybe the hat is the difference.

It's a wig.

Scott is white hair or bun with white hair black hair.

It was.

Abe Lincoln's hat is a wig.

Huge stove pipe?

Ben Franklin's hair is a wig.

Ben Pikes hair is a wig.

Hey, have you ever looked down at a $100 bill and Ben Pikes wearing his wig?

I mean, you got to think got to break this down because the bill is way too big.

I got to get some change.

Got to get some five, some tens and even a 20.

Then I'm going to go run to the store.

Not when it's approved when it's approved.

Scott, you throw me off.

I'm throwing you off.

I was struggling before I ever in a job.

I was, but I was trying to look for a clear path from 20 to honey, which is something you buy at the grocery store.

But I also wanted to have a safe message in there and say when it's approved to go to the grocery store, of course, you have to stand in line six feet apart from people and they only know that a certain amount of people in at a time.

And then I just started thinking about all the rules that I got lost.

And then when you were saying plenty, then I started thinking, well, I said 20.

Can I get away with saying plenty when it should be pronounced 20, I guess, but I say 20 because I guess it's a regionalism.

And then you can see I just got way off track.

Did you ever get to the existence of God on that train of thought or?

No, for the first time, I was so because I think I thought of the second rhyme faster this time, I didn't even get to the God part.

And so we tinned up to you in a way and got you not thinking about God.

That's a good thing.

Is it a good thing to not think about God?

As I say, I'm agnostic, but I think it's good to have spiritual guidance.

Sure. But on Monday through Saturday, we can think about our wraps.

Certainly.

The money's gone already.

Well, Cal, whether you thought about God or not, that wrap started off great.

Thanks, Bean.

You're so supportive, Bean Dip.

I love this.

I'm really, I'm really fine with what he's selling, man.

I'm picking up what he's throwing down.

I would love to have an album.

Wow.

No one is literally, no one has ever said that to me.

Thank you, Bean Dip.

That's very encouraging indeed.

I, of course, I have, I wish that I could release an album some day of wraps, but I haven't yet to get through one.

Have you ever thought about writing them down beforehand and then just reading them off of a paper?

Well, I mean, I guess I could do that.

I know that Jay-Z, when he gets into the studio, he comes up with him off the dome.

Who is that again?

Jay-Z, okay.

See, here's another problem.

You don't even know the major players in the genre of music in which you want to be a part of.

I'm not real well versed in modern wrap.

So I don't know a lot of these new guys.

Who are the old school people you know?

Oh, you know, like, Sugar Hill Gang.

That's sure.

The one group that you are a part of for five minutes at a barbecue.

Yeah.

That's right.

And not even officially, I don't think you were officially recognized as a member of the group.

I think that you said that you were a member of the group very quietly off to the side, and no one contradicted you because they couldn't hear you.

I think that I, I mean, if you, if you're going to look at it completely, honestly, with the benefit of hindsight, I think I assumed I was in the group because I was there, and because I did try to contribute a rap that did slow everything down.

But I understand why the other members of the group would maybe say that I was not an official member.

Right.

And what happened?

You showed up to the garage when they were having an official.

Oh, if I never told you the story, I can't remember what happened.

I don't know it for sure.

And I would love to.

There was, there was a barbecue happening.

My next door neighbors are having a barbecue, and that just happened to include a number of the members of the Sugar Hill Gang.

The whole gang was there, but they were not all, you know, residents of the same, of the same house.

They weren't in a bubble together.

They weren't in a family unit.

No, they were not in a family unit.

This is, of course, it's way, it's way before the, the pandemic.

I mean, this is a long time ago.

78, 79.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And so, but I was there with the barbecue, along with Wanda Mike, Master G, Corio and Big Bank Hank, and the four of them.

The four, how did you know these guys or, or did, did the host of the one that Mike was my next door neighbor?

Oh, okay.

And was he having the bar?

He, oh, okay.

No, Big Bank Hank was having the party at Wanda Mike's house.

Okay.

That happens sometimes because he has a better house.

Sometimes it happens.

He has the better house.

Big Bank, have you ever had a party at someone else's house?

Well, Scott, I'm sorry.

I wasn't paying attention.

You got to say, Hey, okay, I'm sorry.

Next time we'll get your attention.

So yeah, Big Bank Hank loved to entertain, but he had a very small backyard.

And so Wanda Mike is not a big entertainer, but very generous with his, with his time and with his, with his home.

And he would often host these, these barbecue's that Big Bank Hank would throw.

So this was, can I just ask, would Big Bank Hank clean up after the barbecue or what he, no, he would.

He's a good guy.

He's a big bank, Hank was a good guy.

And of course he would stick around to throw away the paper plates and such.

Anyway, so Big Bank Hank throwing a party at Wanda Mike's house.

At one point we're all in, there's a bunch of us in the living room because Wanda Mike was very proud of his color TV.

And so we were, we were all admiring the color TV and then he just started rapping.

What were you admiring about it?

Was it the color aspect or the, the dimensions of the color aspect was a big, it was big and it was color.

So it was both of those things combined.

The fact that it was a, it was a, it was just a, for the time, a huge console television that was really like another piece of furniture in the house.

Oh, so it was almost like a, was it like a built in almost?

Built into what?

Into the wall.

I mean, like, no, it was not, I mean, it was against the wall.

So I guess you could say it was almost in the wall, but it was solid.

So it couldn't go all the way through.

I see.

And how many, how many rooms in this house?

Oh, how many rooms in one of my rooms?

How many baths?

I mean, I didn't, I never saw the whole house.

I would imagine, I would imagine it was like a three-bedroom house, probably two and a half baths.

Two and a half baths?

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

I just wanted to really get the picture.

And a beautiful console color TV.

And like I say, it was like, you know, TV's in those days.

It was like, it was like part of the furniture.

So you could put a picture frame on there.

You could put a bowl of ornamental fruit.

Have you, have you, hey, have you ever gone over a friend's house, a friend's house to visit?

And he's got a big TV.

You can put fruit on there.

You can put a picture frame.

You can see what you like to see.

What are we thinking about God?

I can just tell, I can see it in his eyes.

Is there anybody out there?

Take all of your change out of your pocket.

You can't truly be.

Oh, okay.

Cal, take it out.

Take it out.

Dickle.

Time.

Water.

Kennedy half dollar.

She was in the Anthony dollar.

Second to E.

All right.

Second to E.

No, I don't, I don't, the circuit, do we get, Jackie?

Jackie, it wasn't me.

Jackie, do we?

Oh, sorry.

Who was on that coin?

It wasn't me.

Jackie, do we have?

Okay.

So are you back?

Are you not thinking about God, right?

I'm not thinking about God.

I can see you.

So, uh, Wonder Mike's house, uh, we're all in a living room and we're talking about the TV for a little while and stuff like that.

And then, uh, I don't know, everybody's just having a good time and, and Wonder Mike starts rapping about the TV and how big in color it is.

And, uh, and then the other guys start joining in and then I, so, and this is the rap that eventually would become, uh, rap is delight.

And I didn't realize that at the time.

Of course.

I just thought this is a fun thing that's happening.

What are these guys doing?

They're talking, but people are clapping and they're talking to the beat, um, which also ended up being in rap as like, no, I think of it.

I think he was explaining it to me.

What was going on?

Oh, okay.

That's right.

Yeah.

A lot of those early rap songs have explanations of why they're, why they're rapping instead of singing.

Yeah.

It's very comforting to say, don't be scared.

I know this is, I know this seems, this seems strange, but what I'm doing is I'm performing musically, even though it seems like I'm talking to the beat of the clapping.

And so, uh, so the guys go around and they each do a verse.

And then I think like, okay, oh, oh, I get it.

We're supposed to do this.

I didn't realize these guys were kind of like a unit at the time.

And so I, they came in as the Sugar Hill gang.

They didn't form because of this rap.

They were, I think it had been, I think like prior to that barbecue, I think they were unofficially already the Sugar Hill gang.

Okay.

Um, and then.

What does Sugar Hill gang mean?

Well, it's, it's, it's a, it's the neighborhood.

They were from Sugar Hill and, uh, there was four of them.

That's enough to constitute a gang.

Sure.

Thank God there were four.

Otherwise it would have been the Sugar Hill trio.

Yeah.

You can't, and it doesn't have the same, the same sound.

Sugar Hill trio, Sugar Hill gang, Sugar Hill duo.

Mr. Sugar Hill.

Although if you've been involved, it would have been the Sugar Hill quintet, perhaps.

Well, no, I think they would have stuck with gang.

I mean, I, I, I think to avoid a jazz comparisons.

Sure.

People think they're going to hear some day, Prubek style stuff.

And then it's like, no, it's, it's rapping.

It's time talking to the beat.

That's true, Scott.

You don't want, you don't want for rap to start and people to go like, Oh, I'm about to hear some take five.

Or eat a take five.

Uh huh.

Oh, do you think anyone's ever eaten a take five, Bob?

Well, it's impossible.

The world would end.

Um, so, so then I started, I, I jumped in.

And at the time, this is before I, I, I added hay to my, uh, rap style.

I jumped in saying one to Mike.

I like your TV.

It's really pretty good.

I like to be at your house right now with chicken.

Doesn't taste like wood.

I like to eat all kinds of food.

And these are the foods I'll list.

I like chicken, as I mentioned before.

I like, uh, macaroni, which I think one of you fellas remembered.

Uh, I think, no, I didn't say remember at the time.

I said, which one of you fellas mentioned, I'm remembering the rap that I did at the time.

Oh, now I've gotten lost in the rap I was already lost in.

Yeah.

It's a double, it's a double pun.

An inception.

It's a double, a double rap, uh, fail for me, which has never happened before.

And I'm a little embarrassed.

Sorry, Cal.

How was this?

It's a big scene.

No.

I appreciate your sympathy.

Yeah.

It felt pretty bad.

So at the time it was not received well.

No, that's, I think that's safe to say.

Everyone, the clapping stopped almost immediately when I started speaking.

Then everyone, uh, I would like, they weren't staring at me so much as they were just looking down.

Yeah.

Looking away, but trying not to look at you.

I could tell that people were embarrassed on my behalf, which is always a terrible feeling.

And why, and why was it, was it the words you were saying or was it the mere fact that someone like you would dare presume to get in on what was their activity?

I'm going to say it's a big combination of both, Scott.

Cal, is it true that when that embarrassment started that you also paid?

Oh, I wouldn't be surprised if I did.

I mean, uh, it was a long time ago.

But did the Sugar Hill gang ever rap about that?

Remember our neighbor?

Oh gosh.

I tried to wrap with us.

Oh gosh.

He ended up peeing his pants.

Oh gosh.

I hope not.

Oh, I mean, I was, it's hard to say if I, if I, if I avoided my bladder because, um, I felt so covered in flops sweat that, uh, I, I, any number of fluids could have been coming out of me at that point.

Oh my God.

I was drenched in sweat.

Cal, we, we have to take a break if that's okay.

Sure.

It's your show.

Sure.

Of course.

When we come back, we'll get to why you're here.

I respect you and the rules, uh, that you applied to your program.

Thank you so much.

So, uh, when we come back, we'll get to, uh, the reason Cal came on the show and what he actually wants to talk about.

I know we've gone down several, uh, We don't have to.

Blind avenues, but, uh, we'll also have Bean dip here.

We'll be right back with more comedy, Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're here.

Uh, Bean dip is here with us.

Uh, just jamming 2021.

Jamming 2021.

Hey Scott, what's up?

Let's jam.

Yeah, totally.

We got a jam.

And, uh, speaking of jamming, uh, we have, uh, Cal Solomon, who was an original, well, he's not really an original member of the Sugar Hill gang as much as he was adjacent to them, a neighbor to one of them, and thought he was in the group.

This is what I wanted to get to, uh, ask you to tell the story, because I feel as if we've told the story of the barbecue a few times.

Right.

Um, what happened the second you presumed you were in the back of that.

And Scott, and I feel bad, I feel bad for doing that because I know you're not a guy who's going to invite somebody on the show to ask them the same story over and over again.

So I, I apologize.

I know that's, it's got to be boring for you and for the least.

That's not for the least.

Especially not in 2021.

2021, easy to say.

Um, but, uh, what I want to know is, is even though you felt that embarrassment, keen embarrassment, you still felt like you were part of the group.

Yes, because I felt like, all right, I didn't do great, but I did do what everyone else was doing.

Sure.

And there's always room for improvement.

There's always room for improvement.

I think, what?

Kel, are you okay?

Are you crying?

I'm a little emotional because I'm thinking.

I'm just imagining, I'm imagining one to Mike, Master G, Corio and Big Bank Hank saying the same thing.

There's always room for improvement.

Saying that to you, you're imagining them, but they didn't say that to you.

No, they didn't, but I, I bet they said it to someone at some point.

What, maybe one of, uh, each other?

Yeah.

I mean, those guys were very encouraging with each other and they had a real bond and it was great to see and feel like I was part of for a little bit.

So how long did you think you were in the group?

This is what I'm getting to.

Did you go over to, to one of their houses the next time they got together, assuming that you were in it or what, at what point did you find out you were not?

No, I didn't really see any of those guys, uh, together or separately.

Or even your neighbor.

I would see him, I would see him like as he was going in and out the door.

You know what I mean?

But I didn't see him for any meaningful amount of time.

I, gosh, I hope not.

I hope not.

I would, I would say hi, one to Mike.

Is it one to Mike, like one division or Wonder Mike?

No, wonder like he's a one to one of the, like the seventh wonder of the world.

Cause it's so good.

Like Brad Scott.

I couldn't quite tell.

Like what being did?

Like Brad Scott, give us a program.

Like Wonder Brad.

Yeah.

Are you a fan of Wonder Brad?

Being dip?

Oh, I love Wonder Brad, Wonder Mike, Wonder Woman.

Anything, uh, Wonder, I'm into it.

Steve Wonder Woman 1984.

Steve Wonder 1984.

Even that, wow.

Um, so at what point did you figure, you, you never saw them again.

At what point did you realize to yourself?

Oh, I'm probably not in this group.

Was it when the record came out?

Yeah.

I think when I heard the song in the radio and I said, why does this sound familiar?

And then the more I went on, the more I, I, you know, I'm recognizing the voices.

Wonder Mike, Big Bang Cank.

Corio or two?

Matt DeGee.

And the rest.

Um, and then I realized like, oh, they made it a thing.

Uh, there, there were a real wrapping group and I'm not in it.

And at what point were you listening to, to like hip hop state?

I mean, I don't even know if they had hip hop stations at the time, but I guess it was played on pop radio or was it played on pop radio or heard it on top 40 radio.

Wow.

Yeah.

Pop boarding.

And, and at that point, you're still living next door to Wonder Mike or still living next door to Wonder Mike.

Did you go over to his house and demand answers or what happened?

Uh, no, I, I did send him.

I slipped it.

I, I did send him a note.

I slipped a note under his door saying, wonder my congratulations.

I heard your song in the radio.

I'll never forget that great day at the barbecue, the Big Bang Cank threw at your home.

How much fun we had creating rap music.

So you were trying to get in, you were right in a complimentary note, but also you were trying to get in good care.

All right.

Well, I mean, I didn't, I don't try to be too devious about things, but I, I wanted to leave the door open.

Like, if you wanted to record with me, of course, I'd, I'd love to record with the sugar hill gang, but I didn't want to be too pushy about it, but he moved about a week after that.

Really?

Did he put up a for sale sign?

Like an hour after you left the note or not?

Not, not an hour after I left the note, but the next day.

So that was a quick, it sounds like a quick close, quick escrow.

Yeah.

I mean, I, I chalked it up to, I mean, it was a great house.

I mean, I'm not surprised that it went that quickly.

Well, sure.

A three bedroom with a two and a half bath.

Yeah.

What almost could constitute a built-in for a television?

A nice backyard.

Well, no, he took a TV with him, I think it was.

Sure.

But the built-in, you know, the structure of it still remains, I would imagine, if you bought the same size TV.

What?

Right.

It's not a, it's kind of very confused.

I feel like I did a poor job as a storyteller by implying that the TV was built in.

It was not.

Yes.

It's like, I remember it's the TV that I could have a bottle of food on it.

Sure.

Okay.

But sometimes you get out of a, anyway, never.

We're getting into weeds about the house, but have you checked back in on Zillow with this house and seen, do you still live there?

I still live in the same place.

So what are, what are the houses in the area?

Like, what are they worth right now?

Um, what's it going to take to get you out of this house is what I'm.

Oh, I, I'd like to buy your house.

It never occurred to me to check, well, was Scott, why?

Why do you want to buy my house?

Don't you, sounds like a great area, the Sugar Hill?

Sugar Hill is a great place to live.

I love it.

I've been living there all my life.

It never occurred to me to look at the prices of the houses.

I mean, I, I, I did what, what got, what's your question?

Maybe I was going to answer it.

Did you inherit the house or did you, did you buy it?

I was about to say I inherited the house.

So I've never known what it cost.

And I've never known what the house around me cost.

How did you inherit it, phone call?

I inherited it from my parents.

They had to seize now, but when they were, when they were alive, they lived in the house.

And did they inherit it from someone like a millionaire who left them in their will or what, or did they buy it?

Yeah.

Did they, did they buy it or did they like get it from a vampire who died?

Trying to think back.

My, I don't remember hearing any stories like that.

So I would, I would imagine they just bought it and didn't inherit it from the vampire.

I don't want to scare you.

Hey, that could be.

They were very loving parents.

So, so the house has been in your family for gender.

Well, at least two generations.

At least two generations.

Two decades.

But decades.

Yeah, that's safe to say.

I'm decades old.

Have they passed on at the time of the party or?

Yeah, they were gone by then.

Yeah.

Kel, will you end up giving the house to anybody who you like?

Well, I mean, I don't have any as.

I'm not married.

I don't think, right?

And.

And, you know, I don't know who I'd leave the house to.

I mean, what about the big bank hangs for only.

To the best of my knowledge, big bank hangs family is doing pretty good.

I think all the guys ended up doing okay.

Master G Corey, Corey.

I think they're all right.

Although in the streaming era, maybe they could use some, you know, I mean, you have to stream a song a thousand times for it to count as a sale.

Oh, I see, I see.

Music business accounting, I tell you.

You feel like the advent of streaming, probably the Sugi Hill gang, took quite a hit.

I think so.

They could maybe use some property.

Hey, you never know.

Oh, I know what I could do.

What?

I could turn into the Sugi Hill gang museum.

That's how great it is.

I can have all.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, non-profit.

For a profit?

Well, I mean, this is after I'm gone.

So I can make the plans now.

And it could be a non-profit thing.

It would just be a place in Sugi Hill where people could go and they could see the origins of the gang.

Sure.

And I could have.

What would be in the museum?

Would it be like, I can only imagine a very large window overlooking Wonder Mike's backyard where it all comes down?

Of course.

You got to have that.

I maybe even want to knock out a wall to make the window even bigger.

You know, so you can, you can, like, it would be like you're walking into an environment, like a terrarium, you know, looking out.

And then you feel like you're a bug trapped in there.

That sounds great.

That sounds awesome.

Maybe you could have some of their furniture from the old.

I don't know whether whoever bought it.

That's long gone.

Okay.

So maybe one of the gold records or something like that?

If I could get my hands on one, that would be terrific.

Cal, I have an important question for you.

This may help you to get a gold record because maybe you'll, maybe if you could decipher this.

Ooh.

When you say choreo, is it like, chore-o?

Or is it like the beginning of choreography?

It sounds, I mean, like the cookie Oreo with a K.

Great questions.

Yeah, almost both right.

It is K-O-O-Y dash capital O.

So like, Candio, the car's album, but with Corey.

And with a K.

Okay.

All right.

I think I got it.

I think it sounds adorable.

Well, I hope you got it.

I mean, I did spell it.

Sure.

And you gave us a lot of clues afterwards.

A lot of clues.

A lot of people who give so many clues after they just spelled it.

Sure.

You're like the snowman.

So many clues.

Oh, Mr. Policeman.

So yeah, what else could you, I mean, look, if I were to go to the Sugar Hill Museum and...

Can I say something?

I'm really hung up on this idea of knocking out that wall and making it all glass.

So you feel like you're a terrarium, a bug in a terrarium.

And maybe you can do it even without the museum idea.

Well, yeah.

I think what I want to do is just create an environment where people feel like the bugs in a terrarium.

This sounds right.

Yeah, like a nature museum kind of thing instead of...

See, if I were to go to a Sugar Hill gang museum and there was no gold record, no old furniture, and all there was was a window overlooking somebody else's house.

Can you imagine the disappointment if you show up to the Sugar Hill gang museum, there's no old furniture?

I'd be so mad.

I would think I would drove across the country and there's no chairs.

There's no built-in television.

I would be furious.

So instead, do a nature museum idea where people can go inside, feel like their bugs trapped in a terrarium.

Sort of do a bugs life kind of thing, get giant things and put them in your house.

Yeah, giant things.

Sure, like a big shoe or something.

And Cal, while people are being bugs in a terrarium, you could play Sugar Hill gang music and you want music.

Here's what I'm thinking.

First of all, they walk in, they think it's just a nature museum with their bugs.

Scott, I don't mean to shoot down your idea, but I think a big shoe is the last thing you'd want to have in there when you try to make people feel like the bugs.

So I would have giant blades of grass.

I'd have like a big dime.

How often do you think bugs encounter a big shoe though?

I would say more often than a blade of grass or a dime.

That a blade of grass got maybe more than a dime.

They live in the grass.

They do live in the grass.

What about a shaggy jawea?

Would you maybe instead of a dime?

Maybe I put a shaggy jawea in there.

What a man.

But I feel like that a dime, everyone, a dime never changes and it has for such a long time.

Everyone would know the dime and the size and they would say, I know what size of dime is.

Now I know what size I am compared to the dime.

I'd be afraid if you got a penny that people would think they were in Batman's cave.

Don't be afraid.

I'm not terrified.

I'm just like a little nervous about it.

So they go in the living room.

That's the entrance.

So I have like a, you know, like a, just a like that's pointed at them to say, now it's time to shrink you down to bug size.

And then there's a noise like beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep, beep.

And then I say, now you're bug size.

When you go in the next room, that's you're going to be the size of a bug.

And then they walk in there and it's the blades of grass and it's the dime.

And maybe the shoe.

No, I'm sorry, I gotta put my foot down about this.

No pun intended.

I'm trying to, I'm trying to be the CEO of the insect place.

Thank you, Bingo.

I'm saying.

I think I gotta say the shoe doesn't feel right to me.

So if the shoe doesn't fit, I must, I could admit, I must admit, I don't like it.

If the shoe doesn't fit, then don't add it to the bug museum class.

There we go.

Now that I can get behind.

So then there's like, I do, I record like a voiceover saying, now you're a bug, look around.

Why not do it live?

Well, I'm just like Bill O'Reilly would.

Because I'll be, I'll be, I'll have passed on, Scott.

This is the.

I thought that you were doing this while you were still alive.

No, no, no.

This is, this is once, this is when I, this is my, this is my legacy.

Oh, I see.

Is that when I die, since I don't have any ads to pass the, the house on to, it will become this nature museum and a little surprise coming up.

Yeah.

Well, would you then on the voiceover introduce yourself as the, the recently deceased Cal Solomon?

Hello.

I'm the recently deceased.

Well, I wouldn't say recently.

I think that's going to bump people out.

And I, I might not mention that I'm deceased.

I might, I might just say hi.

This is Cal Solomon, one of the, one of, I thought, the founding members of the sugar field game.

Cal, I know what you could say.

You could say, hi, this is Cal Solomon.

I am not deceased.

Oh, that was definitely, no one would be bummed out by that.

Deep voice, although I feel like it would raise some questions.

Like people might be saying, why did he say that?

It makes me think he is, he is deceased and he's trying to pretend like he's not.

Maybe, maybe.

How about this?

I would say, hi, help Cal Solomon.

As you hear this, chances are, I'm deceased as all human beings are eventually.

Now I think I'm back to the original problem.

How about, how about this?

I say, hey, everybody, never mind who I am.

He is a recording of me.

Now I'm starting to wonder who you are.

But you did say, hey, at the beginning, so it got my attention.

That's an Easter egg for the super fans.

So, Easter eggs within the voice, oh, giant Easter eggs are going to be in this.

Is that what you're saying?

Scott, I think you, do you really think that's what I meant?

Maybe, if a, I mean, if a giant, that's a yes or no question.

Do you really think that's what I meant?

No, okay.

I thought as much.

You're just trying to have fun.

I get it.

It's a fun show.

So the recording would continue.

Now you're a bug.

Look around.

Everything's, the grass is so much bigger than you thought.

That's what it's like to be a bug.

Uh oh, there's the weed wacker lookout because it's coming to get you.

Not really.

I'm just kidding around.

It's a sound effect.

Don't be scared.

Look around.

See that dime?

You've never seen a dime so big.

But if you're a bug, that's how big all times are.

Now come with me to the next room.

And the next room is, is the next room is the kitchen.

So what are we going to do in there?

Probably more big blades of grass.

Demolish it, Cal.

Yeah, it has to demolish the kitchen and put in more blades of grass.

And I'd say continuing the tour.

Yep, that's right.

Being a bug is a lot of grass.

You see it everywhere you go.

Because to you, what is a short distance of a short measure of distance for a human being is a great chasm of miles.

So going through a backyard for you is a legendary trek.

But for a human being, it's like no big deal.

So then I say on to the next room.

And that is the bedroom that I have demolished, put in the big window that overlooks one of Mike's backyard.

Why demolish the bedroom?

Scott, what you just asked Cal was, I also know.

I'm sorry, I thought that you said you demolished the bedroom to put in a window.

No, you demolished the wall.

I've demolished.

Well, it's a demo on the bedroom too, because we're in a closet, we don't need those.

Okay.

So all you need is just a big empty room with one big window that overlooks going to Mike's backyard.

And of course, got to have the signature giant blades of grass in there.

And then what happens is, I say, on the recording, I say, hey, do you hear that?

And then the soft strains of wrap us to light start coming in on the recording.

The volume first is low and then it gets increasingly louder.

And I say, welcome, I say, welcome bugs to the wonderful world of rap music.

And then, and then you're hearing, you're hearing rap music like no bug ever could, because you still have your human ears.

And then the song plays to its completion.

The doors are locked for the duration of the song.

That might be legally, I don't know if I'm allowed to do that, but I don't want anyone to leave before the song is over.

But I will have to investigate, are you allowed to lock paying customers in a room for the duration of wrap us to light?

What are they doing for safe rooms, right?

I don't know. Are the rooms really locked?

I mean, one can only presume that there's some sort of emergency button that they can press, but then why wouldn't everyone press it?

I think because the fun is to figure out the mystery.

Yeah, they've scored.

They paid for the fun of figuring out a life problem.

That's what I'm saying is people are paying for the fun of going into your museum.

Why would they leave before a rap song is over?

I guess there's probably some sort of disclaimer or waiver I can have people sign, but then I don't want to give too much away.

Because if you say like, and by the way, you can, by signing this, you consent to being locked in a room for four and a half minutes.

And then people say, why?

And then you don't want to spoil the surprise of, I'm going to introduce bugs to rap music.

Right. And especially if you already said, hi, I'm Cal.

I am not deceased.

Then you've already got them on a second.

Why?

And you're not trying to make this a why experience.

I want it to be fun.

I want it to be a wonderful experience where people can go.

They can feel like a bug and learn about rap music.

Well, I guess don't you think most people would know about rap music coming into this?

Or do you think the process of them turning into a bug would then wipe their memory of any rap model?

I guess I'm assuming if you go to an HM museum and a voice over says, now you're a bug, you put yourself in a bug mindset.

Okay.

This makes sense to me.

This sounds good to me.

I mean, wouldn't you?

I would.

Well, Cal, this sounds great.

I hope this happens for you.

I hope it does too.

If you need any kind of, you know, paperwork in order to get this going, a legal zoom, of course, they're not a law firm, but you know, you can go to their website.

They sound like a group of interesting people.

I could also I can remember that.

I could lend or give you a lot of money for this, Cal.

That's all I forgot.

Bean dip is, you know, has a ton of money.

You're a millionaire.

Oh, wow.

Bean dip.

I didn't, I had no idea.

What's that like?

It must feel great.

It feels great.

My enemies life easy.

People say money's not everything, but they don't understand that when you have money, you don't have any consignments.

That's what they don't get about it.

But what about I'd heard that more money equals more problems?

Is that not true?

Have you heard that rap song?

I can't believe you don't.

That, Cal.

See, you got to keep up with the, yes, I do.

I'm really behind.

That was in the 90s too.

That was still that's way more recent than I thought, Cal would know.

That's true.

Well, look guys, we're running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature here on the show, and that's a little something called plugs.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Can I finish?

Spike like John till the minute likes finish.

If you want plugs, little buddy, you can get it.

Fit it under 30 seconds.

Got it.

Yeah.

Plugs.

Wow, I like that beat.

Cal, was that inspiring?

Was that Tupac Shakur?

So, you know, you've heard that name.

I've heard the name for sure.

Yeah, sure.

No, that was licensed to plug by Grendel's friends.

Maybe we should play that again, and you could get in on there, Cal, and you could try it a little something.

I mean, I'll try.

Sure.

Okay, yeah, let's play it again.

This is licensed to plug by Grendel's friends.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Can I finish?

Spike like John till the minute likes finish.

If you want plugs, little buddy.

Hey, have you ever listened to some plugs at your friend's house?

And you, oh, I, I know this is immediately off the bat.

Wow, well, because he was, he was, he was rapping too.

Yeah.

And I, I was trying to rap and listen to him at the same time.

That probably happened to you with the sugar hill gang too.

Maybe.

I wonder, I wonder if maybe Cal just hears it, and then goes off without me.

Oh, okay.

So like, so we start the song and then.

It gets me warmed up.

Okay, then I go, yeah, because it's short.

So Devin will cut it off after, you know, 15 seconds or so.

Here we go.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Hey, did you ever listen to some plugs at a friend's house?

When you thought that it was going to be a museum where you feel like a bug?

Oh, I don't know.

I feel like the concept is like three hats on four hats?

I don't know.

Like back in the back in the days of the sugar hill gang, like the beats were a little slower.

And you could.

Yeah, you could.

And you could also talk about the fact that wrap was new.

Yeah.

You shouldn't be afraid of it a lot.

Yeah, I felt like, how am I going to fit the wrap explanation in there?

Yeah, wrap has evolved a little bit.

What am I going to brag about?

Four to years.

Well, guys, what are we plugging here?

Bean dips, you have anything to plug here in the new year?

I mean, I guess for right now, I would just tell people, everyone's still binging things.

So if you have watched the first season of the righteous gemstones, my friend is on it.

Go watch it.

Oh, yeah, that was a good show.

And I liked everyone on it.

So yeah, watch Bean Dip's friend on that show.

Cal, anything that you want to plug?

Yeah, I guess I just want to plug a bunch of podcasts that I'm not on.

Freedom, stay at homekins, and the name of that one, by the way, three of them, the one that's- Are you really?

Yeah, I am.

Well, I- Which one are you?

I hardly ever get to talk because the other two constantly interrupt me.

Maybe it's for the best.

Probably.

Maybe they're trying to save you from embarrassing yourself, like I did with the Suga Hill gang.

Like the Suga Hill gang should have done with you.

I wish.

So as the three of them, stay at homekins, which is this nice married couple that started a podcast in the during the pandemic, and the neighborhood listen, which is a fun improv podcast based on the next-door social networking app.

And those are all free wherever you get your podcasts.

I love it.

All right.

Well, I want to- I don't care.

I don't care.

Okay.

I'm going to pop by the best.

Damn.

I want to plug three of them as well.

And I also want to plug Auntie Dona's big old house of fun, which is out there on Netflix.

Sure.

And season one is out there and people should watch it.

It's six episodes pretty short.

And it's got fun in the name.

Yeah, and it's fun.

And we're looking for a season two, so we need people to watch it.

So- Do any other- Can I ask you a question, Scott?

Yeah.

Do any jukeboxes appear on that show?

I think so.

And maybe episode six.

Oh man.

I love to see a jukebox on a TV show.

You should check that out.

Episode six.

Watch the first five before it.

And then six.

Yes.

What exactly is the show, Scott?

Well, it's a bizarre sketch show starring three Australian types.

People doing fake Australian access the entire show, which- Oh, wow.

You'd be like, how do they keep that up?

But they do it somehow.

That sounds interesting.

Yeah.

I'm intrigued.

It's a lot like those legal zoom people.

Interesting.

They need to see the paper.

All right.

Well, before we do this though, I want to say we finally- We released the new plug bag theme last week.

And within 24 hours, we got three separate remixes.

So we're going to be hearing them over successive weeks.

Let's hear- First of all, our old friend Michael Hardigan, who's done so much scoring work for us for the solo bolos and for the plug bag.

Let's hear his remix.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting a little eye mist.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Open up the plug bag.

Ensure it's not closed.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure you got it as a deal.

Hey, don't mess around with it.

Make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

You make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Yeah, great job, Michael Hardigan.

Guys, what do you think of that?

Awesome.

You know, I feel like that maybe it would be helpful if I had another guy when I tried to do the rap.

So I say a word and then it's the other guy's problem to come up with the rhyming word.

The tag team it.

Yeah.

So if I say if I end with do, then he also ends with do.

Well, not the same word.

Huh.

Oh, well, that's what they did.

That was the very first rhyme.

I thought that was a new...

I thought was like, well, that makes sense.

Just use the same word.

New style rhyme.

It automatically rhymes.

Well, guys, I want to thank you for being on the show.

Bean Dip, it's so good to see you.

And great to hear about your sister.

I'm glad she's finally safe or will be safe soon.

Maybe bring her on the show next time.

Sure. Next time I'll bring Bean Shockey, if she's not taking a nap.

Thanks for having me, Scott.

How many hours a day is she taking a nap?

Seems like about 10 to 12.

But how many is it actually?

Well, probably about 30 bucks.

Seems every time she takes a 30 minute nap, I'm like, wake up.

So I need to do stuff with you.

I need to play.

Okay.

Boy, that's one thing about being a kid I miss.

Playing.

Bean Dip's not a kid, by the way.

I don't know if you know that.

Oh, Bean Dip, how old are you?

I'm gonna grow him.

I'm on with already six.

Oh, wow.

I was gonna say what a remarkable achievement for a child to be a millionaire.

Well, what does that kid who opens up and plays a toys on YouTube?

They're a millionaire, I think.

I saw an interview with that child where he was asked, why do you think people like you so much?

And he said, because I'm entertaining and funny.

I mean, he knows what people like.

I mean, he asked to answer.

We could get there on this show.

And, Cal Salomon, great to see you.

You're one of our favorite guests.

You did give me a little pushback on the giant shoe today, which I'm not accustomed with you.

I know, I know, and I hate to do it.

I hope I wasn't rude, but I do think that if you're gonna make people feel like a bug, you probably shouldn't put a giant shoe in there.

That's great words for 2021.

We could all live by that this year.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks. Bye.

Bye.
