---
layout: page
title: 689. Jake Fogelnest, Dan Lippert, Lyric Lewis [5ebe8553-a14a-455c-8a05-acb4002da53a].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Cursing like sailors, laughing like brigands, hoisting the main sail up on the rigging.

Well, I guess that's why they search for doubloons. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, that seems to be a parody of, I guess that's why they call it the blues by Sir Elton John.

Is he a sir? I sincerely hope he is.

And to any sirs or madams out there listening, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And for another week, my name is Scott Ockermann.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

It's an incredible show here for you today. Coming up a little later, we have a marketing rep and we have a new mother. So if you're interested in marketing or representatives, well, there's someone to peak your interest.

And if you're interested in mothers old or new, we have a new one coming up.

So that'll be very exciting. We are so deep in Jani Dany, Allison Jani Dany here, I believe third episode of the year of 2021.

Very difficult year to say.

2020 was so easy. Now we have to go 2021.

One, like we're adding a one. I don't like it.

We'll talk to our first guest about this.

Our first guest, he is returning to the program.

He has been on the show before and of course we're old friends and you know him from his own show, the vocal nest files certainly, but I'm trying to think of some shows he's written on. You wrote on, help me out. What'd you write on?

You did of course corporate.

Corporate, Wet Hot American Summer. I wrote on Marvel's Runaways.

That's right. Runaways. You were in the Wet Hot American Summer, weren't you?

I was in the movie Wet Hot American Summer. Scott, I got some Emmy nominations.

What the hell working on these Will Ferrell and Molly Shannon, Cordon Tisch specials and stuff.

I like Cordon. James Cordon. Is that what you're talking about?

Yes, James Cordon. I wrote a one act.

Did you write carpool karaoke? Yes, I created carpool karaoke.

No, it's Jake. It's me. You're old pal. Jake.

J. Fogle nest is here. Hello, J.

Hi. I'm so happy to be here.

I also say newlywed Jake Fogle nest. Yes, newlywed.

He has been newlywed. I said to my wife, I am so sorry.

I am going to have to go over to the computer and do a comedy podcast and she said, I understand.

So you're still in that newlywed kind of feeling where you're still communicating with each other about what you're doing that day.

That was a wonderful period. I remember that very well.

Yes, we are communicating.

In fact, I think it's one of the reasons why we decided to get married is the communication was so good.

Well, it sounds great. I mean, you have this conversation from what I've been told where you said, Hey, honey, I have to go over to the computer and do a comedy podcast and she said, I understand.

Yes. Yes.

That sounds amazing right there. She fully understands.

Does she condone it? I don't know. But she understands.

Do you want to give her a shout out? Yeah.

She's one of our loyal listeners.

Yeah, I love my wife.

Have you ever told her that you loved her before? Yes. I'll tell you what I'm talking about.

Deb, I'm on comedy bang bang right now and I love you.

That's amazing. She just went, she just gave one of those.

It was like hang loose. Los Angeles hang loose symbols.

That is a keeper right there.

I want all of our guests to express their love for their significant others on this show.

Maybe that'll be a thing we do in 2021. What do you think about 2021?

I was thinking this the other day because I started up a Patreon and I was having the exact same thought.

You know, it's 2020. So easy to say. 2021.

You don't want to say 2000 and 21 because that's like even worse.

What are you doing? Introducing a Stanley Kubrick film that doesn't exist.

It's too formal. It's too much. I think people would be genuinely confused about that aspect of it.

Yeah. It really would be. Yeah. So it's like, so it's 2021 and.

It's so easy to smush it together where you go. 2021.

Yeah. I think if you were in the Ramones, it would be easy because you know, I want to be sedated.

It's 2020, 2024 hours ago. So they go go. 2021. That'd be very.

Yeah. Plus they also have the 1234 at the beginning.

Yes. Which was very, very confusing for the 24 24 hours ago because they're saying 1234 24 24.

No, you skipped over five through 23 idiots.

There's a Ramones live album that I had on CD in the 90s.

I don't think it's carried over into the digital generation, but it was the funniest thing because every track started with the 24. Track two, one, two, three, four. And then it goes, Hey, we did a movie.

We did a song for a movie called Pet Semiterre.

And this is the song from that movie. It's called Pet Semiterre.

One, two, three, four, but that's the only track.

That's the only mid song banter, not mid song, I guess, or pre song banter.

Only pre song banter.

That's a good banter though. I gotta say, it's very informative.

Hey, there's a movie called Pet Semiterre. What is it?

What is it? Setermeri? Pet Pet Setermeri, which is a weird spelling.

So I'm forgiven for this.

It's not Pet Semiterre. That's a movie that's actually was rebooted.

It's another thing that's hard to say. Pet Semiterre.

Pet Semiterre 2021.

Ah, which we got to stop inventing multi syllable words.

I agree.

Shut it down.

As Jake Fogelmest and you being Scott Ockermann, who often has many different nicknames, we have long names. We should just shorten them both.

That's right. One syllable. Which syllable would you pick?

I think I just go, I think I should just be, you know what I'm glad of?

Uber drivers, they call me Jakey.

Jakey! Okay, so they're adding a syllable to something that is formerly one syllable.

So they're over complicating it, but it's less complicated than Jake Fogelmest.

I think, I don't know, how do you feel about somebody calling you Scottie?

I feel like that would be a little bit.

Scottie's okay. Scottie Ockes, I think is okay.

Scottie Ockes is okay.

Scottie Ockes is the last thing.

But like three syllables is as much as you want for your full name.

Scottie Ockes, Jakey F.

Yeah.

Jakey Nest. What about Jakey Nest?

Jakey Nest.

And then your podcast could be The Birds Nest.

Where you're inviting people into The Birds Nest to bring some yarn and string.

If I was able to become a famous pop star, that's not going to happen.

I know. If it was to ever happen, and then you and Adam Scott could do a hot guest.

I said that before he said pop star.

But let's just let me play out the dream.

Okay.

I become a famous pop star.

Maybe it's I'm so huge and I have such a catalog of work that you and Adam Scott like do a podcast where you're analyzing my albums.

But what would my wife was saying? What would my like Lady Gaga has her little monsters?

Sure.

What would my fans be called?

And like would be they would be the birds nest?

Would they be part of the focal mass?

Would they be the focal mass?

What about the old fogeys?

That's the best yet.

They'd be old fogeys.

The old foggy welcome all you old fogeys out there.

Yeah.

Hey, you all you Betty whites.

All you backdoor Betty whites.

Well, that's fun to ruminate upon.

But you I mean, you already have your fans because as was aforementioned, you have your own podcast.

Not the focalness files.

Is it? It's but you have your own.

No, what I did was Scott, what happened is I don't know if you heard about this thing, but it's a COVID-19 that hit.

The novel coronavirus.

And I very lucky I was like, basically it was like, hey, you got to write a script.

And by the way, I always thank you.

When I first moved to Los Angeles, I wouldn't have been able to move to Los Angeles if it wasn't for you.

And I sat down with you and you said, what do you really want to do?

I said, I think I want to write for TV.

I want to make sure my friends.

I've been very, very lucky to be able to do that.

So at the beginning of this pandemic, I said, okay, time for you to go write that script.

So I was working on that.

And then when you're working on a script, you're going nuts.

That's a it's a it's a literal insanity.

It's painful.

So it's like you're thinking of things for people to say people that don't exist.

Yes, it's like you're crazy.

And you're staring at a blank page and it's very, very difficult.

And also, since I was 15 years old, I had always had some kind of show.

When I was a teenager, I did a public access show out of my bedroom.

It became a cult phenomenon and it got picked up by MTV.

It was called Squirt TV and all the stuff.

That's right.

It was sort of a companion to liquid television.

It was like, okay, take this liquid and now you can squirt it with squirt TV.

And then there's a teenager talking to everyone from Adam Sandler to Liz Fair.

Now, the wild thing was I was seeing the people like the various jimmies that host the shows.

Sure.

The John's, the James, the jimmies.

All of them.

You know, and and also the YouTubers that are making millions of dollars.

And I said, now hold on a second here.

I want millions of dollars.

And also more importantly, I did this first.

Yes.

I did this in 1994.

You did it for hundreds of dollars.

I did it for hundreds.

Yes, for MTV.

I did it for hundreds of dollars.

However, Scott, with all due respect to Taylor Swift, when I was a teenager, I was smart enough to know, own your masters.

Yes.

Taylor, not smart is what you're saying.

That's the headline.

Yes.

Taylor Swift.

A dummy says Jake Fogle-Dest.

Send me lots of tweets about it that I will absolutely ignore.

The Swifties.

The Swifties are going to Swift boat you.

No, it's terrible.

And I think it's awful what she's going through.

The music industry is terrible.

And it's a monster situation.

But I said, why don't I give people access to these old shows that haven't been seen in 25 years and also do new stuff.

And so I created a show called I Did This First.

Well, each week you get a little bit of old square TV.

And then depending on, you know, Patreon has different tiers and stuff.

If you want full episodes, you can get that.

And then if you want bonus podcasts, there's that I'm just having fun.

You're just having fun out there.

I mean, the house I got equipment I wanted to use.

You're in the zone.

You're asking your wife for permission every time you want to turn on the computer.

The Patreon was my wife's idea.

Whoa.

She was like, why aren't I talking to her?

You know?

You can't.

No, that's all right.

Yeah.

We're already locked in with you.

But that's.

I'll let you reach out to her and you can book her.

But that's incredible.

That's incredible because, you know, this score TV stuff, I mean, this was back in the 90s.

Is that right?

Yeah.

And it hasn't been seen since then.

All this MTV stuff.

It hasn't been seen since then.

All these, you know, interesting celebrities from back then.

I mean, this is really a treasure trove.

The Beastie Boys, you know, like me hanging out with the Beastie Boys.

Backstage.

It's just, it's, it's, there's a charm to it.

So there's a 90s nostalgia aspect to it.

And then also me, modern day, just, you know, being Jake Fogelness.

And look, there's some people who like me and then there's some people.

They don't care for me.

I would imagine those people are not signing up for your Patreon.

But I could.

Probably not.

And they don't have to.

They don't have to.

Although maybe in Biden's America, maybe they will have to.

Anyway, don't get me started on this guy.

Oh my goodness.

Sleepy Joe.

That guy.

In 2021, we're turning into a political alt-right podcast, I think.

Oh my God.

Scott, if you did that, the numbers would go through the roof.

Oh, I do.

Yeah.

It's very, very tempting.

Yeah.

No, it's, no, all you got to do is just go just, just be like, I'm on it now.

Turn it up a notch.

Yeah.

And then it's a 50 milking.

It's a 50 milking muscle milk, all that kind of stuff.

Yeah.

Get sponsored by something called G Fuel.

Where the G stands for gonads.

Jake, where can people access all of this content?

What is the magical portal that people can step through in order to be envisioning this wonderful world of entertainment that is curated by you?

Well, Scott, first of all, thank you for such an incredible plug.

That's insane.

Patreon.com slash Jake Fogelnest.

Well, if you're one of the old Fogies out there, you want to be in the Fogelnest and adding strings and yarn and saliva to building up that nest and, you know, eating your baby birds, if they're unable to fly.

Head over there to patreon.com slash Jake Fogelnest and you can access all of this entertainment.

Do you also do, do you do podcasts as well?

Yeah, but there's like three podcasts, two to three podcasts a week.

That's too much.

Dude, since I can't help it.

I'm doing radio shows.

There's lots of different radio DJs.

I have a live radio stream that just plays music.

I just hear you on Sirius when we were driving around in the car all the time.

What station were you on?

I was on two stations actually. It was on Sirius X MU, which was the college station.

Then I was on Alt Nation, which played alternative rock.

So this is me in complete control of a playlist.

I do radio shows.

The college station was just you were a professor and you were giving lectures.

Is that right?

Yeah, exactly.

So I do shows as myself and then I have collected sort of a history of great dish jockeys from the past.

There's a really good DJ. A lot of people don't know Dennis pornography.

And he was on both WFOGFM and KFOGFM, KFOG, great radio station.

Right radio station.

Yeah, I know we all remember it.

And then there was a guy skip the American Davis who just played doop music.

And he sort of was a sociopath, but he thought that by just playing doop music because it was such happy uplifting music that that allowed you to get away with any kind of crime.

Put some at an even keel.

Yeah, so I have a lot of air checks. If you're a radio fan, these are incredible air checks.

Some of these haven't been heard in years and no, they are not me doing characters or anything.

No, what?

Yeah, Paris the thought.

No, see this and I'm glad you brought this up because I hate these podcasts out there that have they tell you that like you have a guy come on to the podcast.

It's like, hi, I'm, you know, Joe Dingleberry, right? Right.

And it's like it's some comedian.

It's some joke.

Just joking around and having fun.

It's like, come on, man, this podcasting is about transparency.

It's about honesty.

Absolutely.

And it always has been ever since I started being a podcaster low these 12 years ago.

You've been doing this a long, long time, a long, long time.

And I think you're one of the most respected in the field as a podcaster, certainly respect.

No, no, no, no.

No, the comedian.

No, no, no.

Podcaster.

Yes.

Although I love the ferns moving and I was delighted and thank you very much.

But I think we'll see.

What we're trying to say is, trying to say is cut it out.

Comedians, the community, comedians that come on as frickin goof balls.

And that's what I appreciate about your show is that you have on these real interesting people.

I have on, I mean, we used to be the show where we talked to interesting people.

That was our tagline.

Yeah.

And then last year we moved into- Which was weak.

Yeah.

I thought it was great.

No, it was not.

It's not very good.

The podcast- The show where we talked to interesting people.

No, it wasn't the podcast where we- The show.

The show.

I thought it- I mean, that tells you everything that- what the show was about.

I thought it was great.

But then we segued into America's podcast.

Yes.

And then I heard that maybe some other podcast had that already.

So we segued then into humanity's podcast.

So that's where we're at right now.

That's where we're at right now.

So all you comedians out there, all you freaking goof arounds, cut this shit and start doing what we're doing, which is talking to real people.

And speaking of which, we do have to get to our first guest.

Jake Foglenes is here.

His Patreon.

com slash Jake Foglenes.

You can get all of the Squirt TV and all of the liquid.

No, I'm saying this wrong.

But you can get a lot of stuff over there.

You can get a lot of stuff.

There's like- I started in August.

There's 117 things you can get.

Check all that stuff out over at patreon.com slash Jake Foglenes.

But we do have to get to our next guest.

He is.

Yeah, you're out here marketing your own podcast right now.

He could give you some tips and tricks of the trade.

We've talked to him before.

I believe he was the marketing rep for- what was it?

It was movie pass, wasn't it?

I almost said hall pass, which is a movie, which I guess movie pass would have covered.

So I guess I wasn't wrong.

Possibly.

Yeah, I've never been wrong.

I've just been maybe misled by other people.

But please welcome back to the show Seth Berkowitz.

Hey, no relation.

Scott, hi, how's it going?

Yeah.

That's right.

No relation to- No relation to David Berkowitz, son of Sam, Seth Berkowitz, no relation.

But you are.

But wait, you are related to him, aren't you?

Well, there's been some lack of clarity about that.

We've discussed before that I'm related but just by blood and parents.

So it's become a bit of an issue here.

But emotionally you're not related to it.

Not emotionally related.

And I've decided to make a name change because I'm in marketing.

So for marketing purposes, I decided to rebrand.

So I have taken out my- Yeah, it almost seems like market or market by self.

And that's what I'm doing.

By being on here, this is as my own publicist, I am marketing the- what is the old way of saying thy but for my?

I'm marketing- Mine own?

I'm marketing mine own self-whits.

So I've taken my mother's last name.

I am now Seth Redomber, no relation.

Wait, her name is Redomber?

Her last name is Redomber.

Yes.

And your first name is Seth.

I'm Seth and at the end, I'm the son of my mother's name is Redomber, her last name.

Okay, first of all, I feel for you and your situation, I cannot imagine what it is like to be related to David Berkowitz, the son of Sam.

No relation.

No, you said you're a blood relatives.

But you work in marketing and you have chosen the name Seth Redomber.

Well, yes, when you change your name, I am a man of family.

You want to honor them in some way?

I don't want to reject my family, whether they be the son of Sam, no relation, or anyone else in my family.

So I'm taking my mother's name instead of just inventing a new last name for myself.

Well, I will say Redomber is a beautiful last name.

It's beautiful.

And I get wanting to take your mother's name.

Yeah.

Are you hoping that maybe people take a pause in between the Seth and the Redomber?

I have Harold Pinter write my name out.

So there's a little pizza in there.

Yeah, there's a Lipses.

So it's lyrical the way I have my name written out on what's like.

But maybe your middle name could be like parentheses, four second pause and parentheses.

That's a fantastic idea.

I give people stage directions when they read your name.

Yeah.

The whole point is as a man in marketing, it's about the conversation should not be about my name.

That's why I changed it away from Jeffrey Dahmer.

And that's why we've been having you have to say something about it.

You just said Jeffrey Dahmer, which I was not, I didn't even want to say the name.

So because I thought you weren't aware.

No, no, you're thinking of it.

You missed Mark.

I think you all accepted me somehow here because it's no relation to Jeffrey Dahmer.

You accepted me.

I understand you work in marketing and I have many questions about that.

And I do not want to tell you how to do your job because it's a very hard job, important job as a marketing mind.

It sort of I would have occurred to me even though I understand the honoring of your mother's maiden name.

I would have thought boy, this sure rhymes with another notorious serial killer.

If you feared that you had some sort of disease like cancer or something and you were interviewing doctors, would you hire and go to a doctor who was chopping off his own leg?

You know, as he talked to you?

No, I don't think you would.

I suppose not.

And it took that example to clarify it in my mind.

And now I do understand what you're saying.

We had to escalate it up to that level.

It's hard for me, you know, you know, this is the name I was born with and the one I was given.

And I do find myself a little annoyed that I'm here to market and the conversation has become about my name.

Yeah, that's all we've been talking about.

So I mean, I am just I mean, we could turn the conversation to your brother, David Berkowitz, the son of Sam, who I would have fascinated about that.

Yeah, relation.

You know, the last time we spoke.

Yeah.

When we spoke, did we establish you have a dog as well?

Well, yes, I also have a dog and you know, the dog is from the same it's from the same litter as my no relation brothers dog.

And we had too many of the older.

It's a very old dog.

It's one of those that you see me walking down the street and like, oh, no wonder that dog doesn't need a leash.

It's not going anywhere.

It's fairly cute.

Because I well, I'm glad to hear that the dog is very relaxed because I I don't think your brother's dog.

Well, I gave him the crazy one.

That one was driving me nuts.

And so I was like, did you take this dog off my hands?

You had that dog originally?

Yeah, I had that dog.

It was like, you gave it to your your brother's name.

No relation.

Yes, that's right.

I think you're using the term no relation wrong.

I think you know more about this story than maybe me and Seth.

Like, my that is one thing about Jake.

Me knowing about serial killers.

This kind of material.

That's fine.

If we will, is there a copy of squeaky from and we have been mispronouncing it all of us for years?

What is it from?

Is there is there?

Do we realize we've been mispronouncing the word from as well?

No, it's from.

But we are Jewish and my wife is from.

And but no, it's squeaky from.

It's not squeaky from.

Okay.

Thank you so much for that.

But we so maybe maybe Seth, you could market that fun little fact.

Absolutely.

I could represent I could represent the member of the state.

Yeah, I could represent either the member of the Manson clan or the word from if it's a representation to kind of be out there again.

You know, I could get from it's own website.

I could get some very good.

Maybe they could you could start with the movie to Wong Fu.

Thanks for everything from Julie new.

So I would be adding the word from into the title.

It is too long.

It's too on food.

Thanks for everything.

What?

Gama, Julie, you are.

Put the from if you're going to put a comma in Jesus Christ.

That's already a long title.

What are you?

What are you saving money on on the F stars?

Those in the ads?

I am with you, Scott.

And that's why I boy cut it that movie and a lot of people did, I think, because it was it was nobody understood what the why the letter was suddenly being curt at the very end.

That's you know, maybe they did kind of factor in the squeaky from of it all and go, we don't want to bring that up.

We don't want to bring, you know, you know, presidential assassins into this.

Well, yeah.

And it's why the squeak will fell flat on the face.

Yeah, yeah, it's the squeak will and just for just for the record attempted assassin attempt attempted assassin.

Yeah.

So, Seth, I got to ask, what are what are you here to talk about?

We've been talking about your name for what seems like eons at this point.

What are you here to talk about?

It's truly I'm going to leave this podcast once again, kicking myself that I am here to make it not about me, but about the business I am marketing and yet again, it has become about whether or not I am related to, you know, people in history.

And it's very difficult.

It's hard to sell myself.

Because we're all related to people in history.

And you're definitively related to David Berkowitz, the son of Sam by blood.

No relation, though.

Sure, sure.

So we can we can accept this and move on.

We can agree to.

Yes.

To do.

Why are you marketing?

Very good question.

Suddenly very like, Oh, where do you have to be?

No, I'm sorry.

I just I just got a man speak.

But I can kind of see Deb right on the side of the camera and this has turned into tapping her.

Hang loose.

She's suddenly taking that pinky down.

She left the room.

The reviews are in.

It's tough to only hear one side of a conversation.

I have headphones on here.

I am here.

I market.

I rebrand.

I brought I brought movie pass back as you remember.

Sure.

I believe I believe you came back and said movie passes back and better than ever.

Within 30 days that had gone bankrupt.

Right.

Not to no fault of my relation.

No relation.

And now I'm here.

I am here for the app parlor parlor is.

And we're rebranding parlor because parlor is off of all of the app markets.

So we're rebranding parlor.

It's not just for crazy people anymore.

These days.

Okay.

So that is the new vibe of parlor.

It's for everyone.

Julie Neumar.

Like that is.

That's a long may I use that?

Gee, please.

The family know parlor.

It's not just for crazy people anymore.

These days from Julie Neumar.

And I want to what we're trying to do with parlor is it is not just a place for angry white supremacists to say they're irreverent opinions.

It is a place for anyone to say an opinion that they're afraid is going to get them torn to pieces on the Twitter sphere.

Torn to pieces or canceled.

Now, normally when someone writes down an opinion that people don't like on Twitter, it's not Twitter who is upset about it necessarily as much as everyone else reading the opinion.

They judge the opinion and say, well, that opinion is no good.

You're saying it's the audience not just dot at dot Jack who is angry about it.

Is it dot Jack?

I think it's just at Jack.

Oh, who I'm between your brother snooker.

He got in early.

He got in early on that Twitter.

Really lucky to get that handle.

Yeah, Jack was a total early adopter when he comes to Twitter.

Yeah, very early.

But I take your point there.

But there are, you know, people on Twitter who will get it.

For example, here's how I thought of this.

I for one loved Wonder Woman 1984, but I did not feel comfortable saying that on Twitter because everyone hated it so much.

And so where can I say?

I watched it.

I was confused because I didn't see Wonder Woman 2 through 1,983.

So I was like, I just missed everything.

Yeah, yeah, I haven't watched it yet.

And I'll tell you, this is, I'm interested in Parlor because, you know, on Twitter, you know, I'm afraid to say if I like something or not, because if I say I like something, I might get a thousand people telling me, no, you're wrong.

And it hurts.

It's so vulnerable.

Yeah, it's so vulnerable.

We're all so vulnerable on Twitter.

That is the one thread that unites us on Twitter is we're really putting our honest feelings out there and we're so vulnerable.

And when people say they don't like them, it hurts us.

For example, Scott, what's the opinion you have that you normally wouldn't share on Twitter that's about, you know, about maybe pop culture or something that happened throughout the day?

You know, I hate to put you on the spot here.

Sure.

Well, on the Scott.

Hey, that's a good segment on this show for 20, 20, 20, 20, 20, 20.

Yeah.

On the Scott, you could kind of turn to camera.

I don't put you on the Scott.

Well, you know, I think Kelly Murray Tran, by the way, a delight on the comedy bang bang, television show was great in those Star Wars movies.

And I want to see more from her.

I mean, I mean, good news gracious.

You went to see a Star Wars movie and you enjoyed it and had a good time and you.

I had a little joy in my life and I wanted to tell people that, but I thought that people would say, no, it's bad and you are bad for liking it.

This is an audio podcast.

So everybody there hearing a tiny bit of cracks.

That is the little limb that Scott and Jake have gone out right now, cracking under the weight of their opinions.

Yeah.

It's hard to do hard to do on Twitter.

No, you can.

So what is your suggestion?

Well, head on to parlor and say that and see what happens because parlor is not just that the new tagline on parlor happens.

See what happens.

Yeah, nobody owns that tagline, right?

See what I see with head over to parlor.

See what happens.

It's a bad baby.

He was that was your previous tagline, right?

Hey, baby.

He fat, baby.

Well, I how much is parlor paying you to to do this?

Well, here's the issue is it has been hard for me to get work.

Some would say because my name is so distracting that I'm never able to actually market their business.

So I would say it's the extended taglines.

I come up for businesses.

Sure.

I am doing this one on specification is I think what on spec means.

And so this is.

I don't believe that is what that's more speculative.

I believe is what it stands for.

Okay.

Well, I was a very late trying to make it as specific as possible.

So I think that misunderstanding would have saved me a few nights of sleep and a marriage.

But here I am now for you.

Are you married?

Yes, I am.

To whom are you married?

My dear boy.

Well, yeah, my wife is just on camera.

She's just on camera.

She's just on.

So just.

Yeah, we're so my wife.

She won't speak on the mic.

She will only do work on camera, unfortunately.

Oh, okay.

So yeah, and you know, she likes to keep her life a little private, I would say.

But you know, we're talking about just a few.

I'm a feminist, you know, and this name issue has been an issue.

So I might even take her last name and go.

What is her last name?

Well, she's Gina Wayne Gacy.

And so I'm thinking that maybe I would.

You know, she's a delight.

And by the way, is her middle name Wayne or her last name is Wayne Gacy.

Last name is Wayne Gacy.

I'm.

Yes.

I just said, I'm just going to ask because maybe you're unaware.

It's totally possible you're unaware.

Very, very famous serial killer.

And why are we making these serial killers famous?

You know, I thought.

If we stop saying their names, my life would be a lot easier.

I tell you that right now.

But are you aware of there's John Wayne Gacy?

Yeah, you know, you know, cowboy, you know, he's a clown, not a cowboy clown.

I think he was a cowboy.

From true grit.

Oh, no, John.

No, that's John Wayne.

Yes, John Wayne.

Oh, I thought you were trying to say like, Oh, John Wayne's gay, see, which I have never heard before.

No, no, no, no.

All right, Seth.

Look, we have to take a break.

Yeah, we have to take a break.

We were not speculative on that as well.

I think we kind of a Jimmy Duranty character where you tried to out old actors and that.

He's into that.

I'm just like, we stood.

I don't know.

I don't understand people very well.

I get it.

And I being the host of this for 12 years, I empathize with that.

But we do have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a new mother.

This is exciting.

Are either of you have children?

I wish.

I want to excited to.

Okay, I'm sorry if I brought up something that you haven't talked with your new bride about.

Oh, no, no, we're putting on the record about it.

Not at all.

No, we talked about it a bunch.

And Seth, you you you you wish I wish I had kids.

Yes.

What is keeping you from that?

You know, we love life probably right now.

You're married.

What do you mean?

We love life.

I'm having trouble closing the deal.

Well, you said she's a one deal.

You're married.

I'm even sex.

What's the yes, you know, the, you know, the old.

You've gotten a fourth base.

Is it?

I wish I knew what that was.

You know, you have the third, you have the shortstop where we had a nice handshake on our wedding night and for, you know, it was so nothing at the wedding.

Then on the wedding night, you went to bed.

Well, we got a very religious wedding.

So the rabbi said, you may now wave to the bride and we did.

And then from there, yeah, the hard.

Well, I don't want to get too into your sex life, but I hope that happens for you.

And I hope 2021 is filled with sexual activity for you.

And coming up after the break, we will be talking to someone who has had sexual activity at least once.

She is a new mother.

We will be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

Comedy bang, bang.

We're back here, Jake Fogelnest, of course, new Patreon star and how many patreons should people subscribe to every, every month?

You know, I think I subscribe to a couple of them.

So two.

Yeah, two.

I think.

So you and no boys?

What are we talking?

Don't boys have enough money.

Yeah.

Let's start transitioning some of that dough boys money and some of these other patreon.

And also Nick Wagher has said to me like whenever I before the pandemic, like, oh, you got to come on the show.

You got to come on the show.

I've never been on the show.

That's fine.

Yeah.

I, you know, I've, I've had, I've been talking to a lot of guests who have had that experience.

There's a guest named Sean Diston, who was never invited on the show.

Finally, because we called it out on this program, he was on doughboys before the end of 2020.

And that's what I hope for you, Jake.

Look, I'll, here's the thing.

If they want, that's fine.

If they don't want, that's fine too.

I think those guys are super talented and super funny.

They can't, the doughboys.

Skye, I have to listen to it.

I have never heard that.

That's a, that's a problem.

You know what I mean?

I will, I will say that the doughboys are out there and I've heard this about them.

They're out there saying, Hey, come on the show to everybody.

They really do.

Anyone they come into contact with, they're like glad handing out they're going, Hey, come on the show sometime.

I get it though, because it's, it's a, you, you, but ultimately you, you, I think Nick might be a little bit afraid of confrontation or a, a piece.

I think they're liars.

I think they're scam artists and I think 2021 is the year that doughboys are finally exposed for going down, pull your money from their patreon and put it towards mine.

Also shout out to our other guests, Seth Berkowitz, who's here.

No relation.

I'm not sure that that is something that's good for your, your, your, your, your, I don't like that late edition in your cabin.

But we, that's why I thought a shout out was.

That's my mistake.

Okay.

Well, we do have to get to our next guest.

And this is good because I think a lot of our listeners are, they have all walks of life.

And yes, this is the show where we talk to interesting people.

And of course, it's humanities podcast and part of humanity is starting a family.

And a lot of times we don't address those kind of issues on this show.

You know, advice for the people who are trying looking to start a family who are, who are, who recently have.

So please welcome to the show, Shell.

Hello.

Hi, Shell.

Hey, thank you for having me.

Yeah, it's our pleasure.

This is Jake Fogle nest, you may know from a squirt TV.

Hi, it's, it's so nice.

It's so nice to meet you.

I'm actually very excited to talk to a new mother because I'm a newlywed and.

And you know what that means.

I hope I know what that means.

But it's no like squirt TV, run can only guess.

We also have a, we have Seth Berkowitz.

No relation.

And that's Seth Riedammer now.

Yeah.

Okay.

How you doing?

I'm good.

How you doing?

No relation to serial killer murderers.

Exactly.

Thank you for understanding so quickly.

Now we can move right on from my name and never speak.

And that's what you're trying to do.

That's exactly what I've tried to do.

I say, because if you just said, sir, Seth Berkowitz, people, it would be a question in the back of their mind.

The first time I came on your show, you were almost blindsided by the possible relation.

You, you were taught.

Well, I believe I was blissfully unaware.

That's maybe not fair.

Until you said no relation, it may have been brought up in my mind.

Well, you have to say with the Seth Wayne Gacy and maybe that way I'll be able to have a child with my wife.

And Gacy, it's like it's the Italian name that it actually is.

Yes, that's Wayne Gacy.

Wayne Gacy.

Well, a show, it's so great to see you and you're a new mother.

And how old is your baby?

If you don't mind my, is that a rude question?

That's not a rude question, isn't it?

No, nowadays I feel like old is what, like the old standards, old, like, you know, old is the new new, isn't it?

Yes, it is.

So it's like, ask me how old my baby is.

Please ask me.

That's right.

Okay.

And how old is your baby?

She is 10 months, 10 months and three days.

Wow.

Congratulations.

10 months and three days.

So you're still counting the days.

I am.

I figured it gave me something else to do.

So that's, that's incredible.

And this is your first?

Yes.

All right.

Well, those are, those are my prepared questions.

That's all I have for you.

I don't know at what age it's, it becomes polite to say, oh, she doesn't look that old, but I'll say she doesn't look that old to me.

She does not look 10 months.

I was surprised.

Oh, thank you.

Yeah.

Can I ask, you know, having a, a baby during the pandemic, I imagine has been very, it must have been very stressful.

Yeah.

Now that I'm doing the math here and I'm going backwards, we're of course in the middle of a Janney Danny, very deep, deep into Janney, Janney, so deep, put your ass to sleep.

And I'm going backwards.

Ten months.

I'm going December, November, October.

I'm going all the way back.

10, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one.

Happy New Year.

And realizing three days and 10 months, you had your baby right when we all went into lockdown, didn't you?

I did.

And you know what?

See, this is the thing.

Like at first, because, you know, you know, I kind of feel like little baby Jesus, like somebody somewhere was like, I'm going to make sure you sit your little ass down and be with this child because I think they knew I was going to be in these streets.

If you know what I'm saying?

I wasn't made to sit down.

And so you know, you think the baby would have come out and then within what a week's time you would have been back out in these streets?

At least six weeks time, I would have tried my hardest to be back somewhere between one week and six weeks.

You would have been back out in these streets.

Yes, back out in these streets, drinking bulletproof coffees, walking around and in the sun, working out, you know, just in these streets and the very definition of in these streets, drinking bulletproof coffee, walking around in the sun and working out.

Smash them out.

Yes, that's in literally in the streets.

So it's almost been a blessing in disguise.

You say little baby Jesus.

Do you think Jesus is currently a baby?

When we get to heaven, are we transported back to when we were babies or are we the age where we died or are we the ideal age of when you felt the best on earth?

I would love to think it's that you ideal age when you felt the best on earth because I mean, when you think about it, little baby Jesus probably wants to be a baby because that was before he got the terrible, terrible news that he couldn't sin.

You know, I mean, like what kind of conversation is that for little baby Jesus?

Like, you know, hey, I'm a baby.

I'm going to enjoy everything on earth.

And then it's like, Hey, it's your dad talking by the way.

You can't do any of the fun stuff when you're down here.

That's what I'm saying.

So yeah, I don't know the Bible very well.

I didn't know Jesus wasn't allowed to sin at all.

I thought Jesus was more like, Hey, we all sin and it's okay.

You got you just need to know.

You thought he was out there like finger banging.

Like he thought or something.

He was at their finger banging.

You took the words out of my mouth, Scott.

That was my interpretation.

No, no, he was he was the guy who didn't do it.

I saw that.

That was a thing that was created by Andrew Lloyd Webber for a rock opera.

Yeah.

I mean, a fictional character.

No, it actually the rock opera was based on a book called the Bible.

Yeah.

And he was a guy who who chose not to sin, showing everyone that sinning was a choice and not something that we do naturally.

And he's the one dude out there who never sinned.

There's probably been a few who did like one, but he's the one that he had zero.

A dude with who's not rude and doesn't have a crude attitude.

Yeah.

He was not lewd at all.

He had none of those rude rhyming traits about him.

Yeah.

Anyway, no wonder they crucified him.

If someone's going around, it's shaving me for finger banging.

I'm throwing him up on the cross immediately.

And that's the kind of thing you would say on parlor.

Is that right?

Well, absolutely.

Yeah.

That's one of the reasons I'm there.

And you know, you get to see what happens.

How?

Oh, go ahead.

Which one was the first thing you get?

You don't have to constantly just pause waiting for me to talk.

You can feel free to talk.

It's no problem.

But I do want to ask, Shell, how is how is new motherhood treating you?

Are you enjoying the whole?

I don't know how else to say it, but the whole deal?

You know what?

Yes.

And at times I feel like I have several questions that no one tells you you have.

Like first of all, like I'm like, who are these children books?

Like I'm like, who, who y'all wrote these for?

Because somebody's children's books is not for children's.

Like I'm like, Dr. Seuss, his books are over 50 pages long.

I don't know who's sitting here reading this today, babies.

And then they annoying.

Like first of all, I was reading my child, green eggs and ham.

And if you really think about it, I'm like, say my am is just fucking annoying.

Like this man said he didn't want no eggs here.

He didn't want no eggs there.

He didn't want no eggs nowhere.

And here he come, this little boy bugging this little man.

So I'm like, first of all, who is the books?

What is the lesson?

Right.

Who invited this guy?

You know what I mean?

That's what I'm saying.

I said this man is acting like a...

Here you have a family going about their business, enjoying their breakfast.

One of their life.

Yeah.

And here's this dude Sam Iam who's just being just a buzz kill on the whole experience.

And my thing is like this man don't want no green eggs and ham.

I'm reading his book to my child.

I'm like this man said no.

So many times we've...

It's 52 pages of no, no, no.

And the father he like, okay.

The eggs is called by the end.

I don't want no call green eggs.

By the way, learn how to learn.

Let's teach our children how to accept it when people say no.

Thank you.

So that, I mean, it's been great.

But I'm also like, I feel like I'm just a very critical thinker.

And I'm like, who?

Who is this?

Fuck.

Yeah.

Is this your main complaint about motherhood?

Is this one book you were fed down?

Green eggs and ham.

It is.

It's at the top of my list.

Shel, I would love to market.

You write a two page book and I'll market it for you.

Sam Iam says I don't want green eggs and ham and everyone says I respect that.

Enjoy whatever you have for breakfast.

Thank you.

Like respect my wishes.

Shel, I hate to cry, but I would love to be a dad.

Is there a father in the picture?

Could I be?

There is, yes.

Okay.

So you don't need a co-parent to kind of go.

I don't think you just want to.

Yes, you are.

I didn't say husband.

I said co-parent.

So you'll be a husband to your wife and a co-parent to the child.

What does that make you then to Shel over here?

I mean, we could discuss it, but I don't want it.

I can't just propose.

We just met, but for now it's co-parent.

We'll see.

I mean, you know, frankly, if you.

I guess it would be godfather like, you know, yeah.

Oh, godfather seems like a hands off situation unless something happens to the parents.

You're suggesting godfather part three.

Oh, that's right.

You're suggesting that you want to be in there getting your hands dirty and rolling up your sleeves?

Yeah, I'd love to roll up my sleeves and, you know, change a diaper, read a story, you know, do tummy time, whatever it takes.

Oh, look at you.

It's about some tummy time.

Okay.

Are you interested in that kind of situation?

Is your, I mean, maybe you know, I mean, we don't even know the co-parent, but I mean, why not?

Like it could be like a cousin, like big, big cousin, uncle.

Oh, big cousin, uncle.

I love this.

Cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, cousin, a Google really quick.

See if there's any serial killers named cousin, but I'll happily take that name on, shall I do what the cousin does?

Big cousin, uncle does sound like sort of endearing, but it also could sound like a sopranos character that we haven't met yet.

Yeah, that's sure.

You got to make sure you go on the sopranos wiki.

Okay.

I'm going to cross-reference that and see what's going on.

Yeah.

Okay.

It's looks like big cousin, uncle doesn't, oh, he gets furious if you accuse me of going down on women.

So that's something that I hear.

Okay.

That's not an aspect of your personality or your panic.

Yeah.

I don't mind if someone accuses me of that.

Okay.

What about, what about the actual activate?

How do you feel about that?

I mean, we're talking about the age for target marketing.

Yeah, I haven't done it.

I haven't had the opportunity with my wife, but so that's not what I'm offering.

It is a, it is cousin, you know, it is, you know, if you need, and by the way, you say, no, COVID in the house.

I've gotten COVID four times now.

So I should be fine as far as that goes.

You should be extra resilient.

Yes.

How have you gotten it four times?

Well, you know, it happens, you know, you go out.

You know, I'm good friends with Kyrie Irving.

So he and I were out the other night.

A lot of basketball players, James Harden and Niall, you know, you want to have the strip clubs together.

Yeah, Tom Cruise and I.

You want some bowling alleys and stuff like that?

Yeah.

Well, I love bowling alleys.

So you can't get a nacho like you can get one at a bowling alley.

Am I right?

Am I right, folks?

Well, I don't answer yet, Shell, because we need to take a break.

But when we come back, I want to hear your surprising clubmatic answer to the offer of Seth Redommer, Nate Berkowitz, Nate Wingay, see.

So we're going to tease that for coming after the break.

When we come back, we will have, he's begging now and I expect him to beg and plead during the entire commercial break.

When we come back, we will have the surprising answer from our new mother shell.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang, bang after this.

We're back.

Jake Fogelnest or Jakey Foggs is here with us wearing his B-52s from the first album, self-titled album T-shirt, shirt and shape of a T, which most of our bodies are in the shape of a T if we extend our arms.

So that works out.

We also have Seth Berkowitz, who is sorry, Seth Redommer.

Seth, pause for four seconds, Redommer.

Thank you.

If I extend my arms, I'm an X.

Oddly.

Well, that's, of course, if you're extending your legs as well.

Which I all day.

So it's sort of like, you know, speaking of Jesus up on the cross, that's Wolverine up on his X-shaped cross.

What a great metaphor from Stanley and friends.

Yes.

All of his friends who made those X-Men comics in the mid 90s.

We also have shell who's a new mother who's telling us all about what it's like to be a new mother in the pandemic.

And so far as very focused on children's books and to whom are they marketed to.

And also could be a new author if you want to take Seth Berkowitz up on his offer to write a two-page book about how long would that take you do you think to write a two-page book?

I think, you know what?

If I really put my mind to it between naps, between when I have the time to eat, shower, wash my face, brush my own teeth.

You know, do some things for that.

I said probably about a week.

About a week to do a two-pager?

Okay.

I think we can.

How does that timetable sound to you, Seth?

I mean, you know, I am so far trying to be as ingratiated to shell as possible.

So whatever you need, as long as I could be a cousin, I'll go for you.

Yeah.

Well, that's a little worried about that.

This is a conflict of interest now.

Because you had mentioned, and you know, obviously it's a brand new baby and want to keep the baby healthy, want to keep mom healthy, you had mentioned that you had caught COVID four times.

And I just want to add.

Yeah, your lifestyle doesn't seem like it is appropriate, perhaps, to be a cousin call to a baby.

Yeah.

To what is, you know, not even a year old.

I guess I could negotiate with shell.

I mean, if you want me to give up some stuff, you know, I don't give up the party life.

It won't happen.

But so that's just a blanket.

That's a blanket.

That covers a lot of subsets.

Well, I have a lot of followers.

I don't know.

What did you all see me in blueface is Instagram stories?

I got a lot of followers from that.

I guess I missed that.

Okay.

I'm not really checking those out.

Check about if you'd like to be utterly shocked.

Okay.

What do you think?

What are your concerns, Shell?

Or do you have any?

I mean, we said we were going to get your answer after the break.

Where are your thoughts on this?

I mean, you know, if I'm going to be perfectly honest, I mean, I, you know, I love that he is so zealous and like really wants to be a cousin and like, you know, but he, I mean, he's in these streets and yeah, like you were going to be like, I want like, I was like, I was like, I said, bulletproof coffee on deck.

Son, son to the gym on deck.

Shape house on deck.

Let me sweat.

However, you know, you in these streets partying with these people.

Yeah.

Trappo shape house, by the way, is that what we're talking about?

Huh?

Sorry.

That gets on for me as well.

It's a hyper liberal, like booty sculpting place, right?

No, no, you just go to your sweat.

Okay.

You just sweat the pounds.

So, so what are your concerns then, uh, shell?

Your concern, he's going to be out in the streets and, and he's not fit to be a kazunk.

Well, I mean, he could be fit via FaceTime and via zoom, but I mean, to bring like, that's just a lot of germs.

Like, you know what I'm saying?

How many germs are acceptable to come into your house?

I mean, the regular amount of germs, germs from grass, which is about what?

10, 15 germs, germs from, you know what I'm saying?

Like the air, maybe germs from regular things, but like when you talk about partying germs, stripping germs, the, the, the, the ground, the air, the earth wind fire.

The earth wind fire.

Yes.

Yeah.

September germs.

But when you talk about, um, you know, strip of germs, strip of germs is extra.

Yeah.

That's a little extra, Seth.

I have to agree with shell over here.

You're too, you're too extra.

And your party lifestyle, like, uh, are you getting into that?

Yeah.

That's question number one.

You don't, you don't seem like a guy who, look, let's be honest, Seth.

You've been on this show.

This is your third appearance, I believe.

Thank you.

It's not a compliment.

It's purely information.

It's a fact.

Yeah.

I think you just stated the fact.

But, but I'm getting to the part that's not a compliment.

You seem like a drip.

Can I, can I be honest with you?

You seem like a real just like.

In the sense that I've got that drip, my style.

No, not necessarily is in shell.

Maybe you agree with this, but you, you seem like a loser, uh, someone that people wouldn't enjoy being around.

I want to say the word, do we, which doesn't get thrown out very often, but do we, is the world that fits.

I mean, what I'm going to say is as a new mother, I feel like I've turned a leaf where maybe, you know, 20, 20, early 2020, 2019 shell would have been like loser, do we?

Okay.

Drip lists.

Um, you know, you know, uh, no shine.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

You know, I don't want to really be around you.

I don't want to rub the elbows with you.

I don't want to share the same space.

Now as a new mother, you know, I feel like I'm not going to say you drip list, but it's just like, all right, you just need some, some, uh, shining up on your edges.

Like you just need some drip love.

I tell you need to, like if you're getting going in to get your car, what is that where they, they, they do the detail?

Detailed.

You need to be detailed.

Yes.

That's it.

He just needs some detail and clean out the crumbs out the cup holders, clean out the cheerios, the chills.

That little gunk that's on top of the steering wheel from you, grasping it all the time with your dirty ass.

Oh, you can see that on my neck.

Do the neck is the steering wheel of the body.

I've always said that.

It's like, it's, it's not so much that you're a drip that I'm worried about.

It's that I'm worried about the droplets that you might bring.

Yeah.

Are you taking any precautions, you know, as you're out there in this party lifestyle, which who knows how you got there.

Yeah.

For instance, when you, when you go out, are you wearing a condom?

I mean a mask, which, Hey, we're both.

We're both.

Yeah, we're both.

We're both.

It's like you guys read my minds.

Yes, I wear a condom and yes, it covers my nose and my mouth.

I'm not getting yelled at for that stuff.

You know, I'm making sure to be safe with the condom placement.

And so I protected there and I'm suffocating for people.

No, no, that's, that's just like how he mandel sort of paved the way.

Yes.

Yeah.

He was, he was a huge proponent of blowing up those rubber gloves back.

Yes, I'm putting him over his head and then the baby voice and yeah.

And he's funny.

Why isn't he on the show?

I tell you, I have seen that's a great question.

I have so many questions about the filming of Little Monsters.

I'm curious if the casting director was the same as the casting director of, what would you do if you're saying it to what?

Talking about what's the TV show?

What would you wonder?

Years.

I wonder.

Years.

Which I call what would you do if you're saying it to you.

Wow, which I, which is not a bad title for a reality show.

Like America's Got Talent.

Yeah.

What would you do if you say it?

You might be, you are a marketing guy.

I got the whole show right here.

What would you do if you send him?

You know, maybe the floor opens up underneath them.

Yeah.

Or what happens is you come out and there's auto tune on you, right?

There's auto tune on you and then slowly they turn it down and your real voice is revealed.

Right.

And then you got to stay on tune.

And if not like a giant howie mandel style rubber glove comes out and smacks you off and smacks you out.

It's real gong show style.

Yeah.

I will say as a new mother, I will watch it.

Yeah.

And also the floor is long graphic that that we got.

Yeah.

The floor is lava the entire time.

Yeah.

That goes, that goes just without saying anyone here curious about my marketing abilities.

Look how I've changed the conversation away from how I'm a loser that doesn't understand COVID protocols who is related to serial killers and on to an exciting new TV show.

He's even thinking about how I've related to multiple serial killers.

Oh, wait multiple.

No.

Oh, yeah.

My mother obviously, you know, Redomber is the is her married name, but she's redomber named Dahmer.

She's her maiden name.

Yeah.

Well, no relation, but she was made in Lee when she was the name.

And so she married.

She married her brother who was also a Dahmer.

So she redombered and so that's how she got that.

Oh, I see.

So she said you're related to Jeffrey Dahmer and how did we get on this?

We were just talking about it.

You literally, you walked us right to it.

You walked us right to it.

I'm just going to throw it out there.

You're not the zodiac killer, right?

Scott, are we at a time or what here?

No, like everyone looked down at your podcast apps.

There's still plenty of minutes to go here.

I wish I could answer that question, but we are out of time.

I see Scott here.

You don't get to say we're out of time.

Folks, let's close up the plug bag.

Scott is the host of the show.

Yes, Jake.

I think this guy is the zodiac killer.

I think he might.

I mean, I think I know like there's a lot of jokes people were making about Ted Cruz being the zodiac killer, but they, you know, the truth is they never really bound the zodiac killer.

Tell you what, I got a, I got a way to figure this out.

Hey, here's a, here's a question that I ask all of our guests and I'll start with Shell and then, you know, go to Jake and then, oh, Seth.

I should ask you this too.

It's like I'll make you rather, hopefully.

Sure.

Well, were you ever residing in San Francisco in the 1970s?

I was not.

No, you were not.

Oh, interesting.

Jake, how about you?

Borden Philadelphia in 1979.

So, okay.

I'm interested.

Interesting.

Oh, Seth, I'm just going to ask you this.

Do you ever reside in San Francisco in the early 70s?

Yeah, yeah, most of them.

Almost exclusively.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

Can I talk to you?

Yeah.

No, we can sidebar here.

Yeah.

I'm afraid that wasn't as specific as it should have been.

Maybe I should just ask if he's a zodiac killer.

What do you think they're talking about over there?

I think that, I think just go direct.

You just got to like, what do you think they're talking about over there?

I don't know.

Seth and Shell have started their own sidebar.

What do you think?

You know what?

It's weirdly.

I feel like they're clicking, but, and, and, and like that's nice.

And like, she could, she could use the help.

She's a new mom.

Let's listen.

Let's listen in on their sidebar.

Okay.

Yeah.

How are you going to have for lunch?

You know what?

I was, I mean, of course it's all depends on what I can feed the baby, but I'm thinking about some diced up chicken.

Okay.

You know, maybe some rice, maybe a little sweet potato, maybe some vegetables in there.

Kind of wrong.

Okay.

Okay, Jake, I'm not interested in this sidebar anymore.

It's just, it's just a long, long grocery list.

Yeah.

You know, and look, we all better know what this podcast is about.

This is a, this is humanity's podcast.

We're not here.

Let's do a long grocery list.

Yeah.

I'd love to roast something, but I'm out of aluminum foil.

So I got to go buy more aluminum foil.

Wait, are you part of our sidebar now?

Oh, I'm saying that to us.

Stop, stop, stop, stop.

Stop intruding on our sidebar.

Can you approach the bench?

Sure.

Go.

All right.

I'll allow it.

But watch yourself, counselor.

All right.

I, I just think that if you, if, if this guy is in fact, the zodiac killer, which, which they did not find him and I found him.

They never found him.

I think you just got it.

You got to, I don't know much lawn order SVU you watch, but you got to go in there like Barbara and you just got to like grill them.

You just got to, you said, you said dice chicken and I've done some dicing in my, what about munch?

Money.

Munch.

No, I'm sorry.

I'm in the, I'm in the other sidebar.

I'm talking about munching the dice chicken.

All right.

Let's stop the sidebar.

So let's all get back together here.

I look.

Seth.

No, I'm sorry, but I'm going to hold you to this.

Sustained.

Are you look, Seth, I'm just going to come out and ask you experienced.

Yeah, I'm very.

I don't think you are.

You seem to have never had sex.

Okay.

All right.

So this is just so far, I've been called a loser and triplets.

Dark dream.

He's sure.

I told that I look like I never have sex.

Look like you wouldn't have been into as much, but, but, but more than that, I think you're the serial killer, the zodiac killer.

And as you know, I instruct all of our comedy bang bang guests to hook themselves up to lie detectors before the show.

Have we ever talked about that on the show?

I can't remember if everyone is.

Yeah, everyone is.

Everyone has a lie detector attached to them as they go through the show.

So I get the most honest interview.

They're also under oath and under penalty of perjury.

They have to answer honestly.

So Seth Berkowitz, are you the zodiac killer?

Uh, I have not in my recollection.

I don't recall.

Ah, that's a good dodge.

I don't know.

That's what I said when I saw my wife's challenger, by the way.

Um, but God, I don't know.

I don't know.

You weren't sure about the challenger?

You didn't think it was a good car?

I didn't know until she drove it off the lot and into our driveway.

Yeah.

And then I feel good about it now.

I do feel good about it.

But I, what I, yeah, what I don't feel good about is this serial killer.

Scott, if you keep asking me these crazy questions, I'm not going to be responsible for my actions.

Can I just say that?

Okay.

Uh, what's your birthday, by the way, Scott?

Oh, uh, July 2nd.

Okay.

So your sign is your cancer.

Okay.

Very interesting sign of the zodiac.

Hmm.

That's not suspicious.

Yeah.

Scott, I don't know if this would be helpful, but I, I am a, um, expert in handwriting analysis and, um, I think if we got set to write on a piece of paper, yeah, do you mind writing, uh, confession or a, or I guess what do you call a, uh, the opposite of confession, a denial?

That's a letter that I was going to send to my friend Beverly.

If you want that, uh, yes, please.

Yes.

Read the letter.

Okay.

Yeah.

Let's read this letter.

Hold it up to the, the, the, so we can see it here.

Okay.

It's dear Beverly.

Put an extra E in their backs and I'm going to cross that out there.

Uh, Suspicious.

Uh, can I raise your son?

Please, please, please.

I'm writing this on my hands and knees begging you.

My wife will not make love to me.

So I first, okay.

So that's redone.

So, so this is a thing.

This is a thing with you.

You want to raise other people's son and the, and it also seems I have to say the only reason you want to have sex is to have a son to raise.

Yes.

I mean, sex stinks.

We all know it.

Yeah.

Well, I don't know.

I don't know.

Shell, how did you feel about it?

The one time you had it.

Uh, it's, hey, I wouldn't say it stinks unless stinky is a good thing like cheese.

All right.

So are you getting a good look at those, uh, the loops on his eyes and the.

Yeah.

And you can see I dot my J is with little hearts, which I think makes me seem endearing.

Yes.

It does make you seem endearing.

It is weird, uh, that at the end of the letter, there seems to be some sort of cipher and code.

Yeah.

What are those symbols?

I don't know what those symbols looks like hieroglyphics on.

You have to break the code to find out what's going on, Jake.

Yeah.

Okay.

Why did you change the tone of your voice like that?

I didn't know just talking about like, Oh, what did I get excited?

Oh, that I talked about my little code.

Is that the way you talked to your wife?

Is that maybe why she's not making love to you?

If it is, I would say that's probably what's going on.

Yeah.

I came on here to market an app.

I know.

Parler.

And we don't want to talk about that.

Okay.

Well, it's not just for those people anymore.

Okay.

Do you see?

Do you pretend that we're your wife and, and tuck, you know, give us a little pillow talk here.

Okay.

Baby, are you asleep already?

No, no, no.

I'm already tell you as no, you're not asleep or no, it's not going to happen.

Oh, no, I'm already saying just as a, as a woman.

Yeah.

You don't like to be.

Everything.

Yeah.

Because you don't want to be woken up if you're asleep already.

Why don't we, why don't we see, since you are, do you want to be a father and so badly, how would you speak to a baby?

Yeah.

Do you mind, Michelle, do you mind bringing your baby over here and we'll see exactly how Seth Berkowitz talks to your baby here.

So here's a little 10 month old baby and a little practice and parenting here.

I looked at those little cheeks.

Okay.

She looks like a delicious little thing.

I want to chew you.

Are you talking to the baby?

I'm going to have to, I'm going to have to cancel you right now.

I'm going to have to go ahead and return to send a do not pass go.

What?

I collect 200.

Oh, I'm trying to do a baby talk.

People always talk about how they just want to eat up a baby's cute little fat cheeks.

Nope.

But it's the tone of your voice.

This is, this is baby talk.

The baby talk is like you raise your voice like, hi, hi, yes, that's pleasing to a baby's ear.

Hi, you're a baby.

I'm not threatening normal.

I'll talk to them like a human being.

Yes.

Yeah.

I'd like a little piece of chicken.

Well, that's how my parents talk to me and my no related brothers and we turned out pretty much okay.

All right.

No, one of your brothers turned out very, very badly.

I said pretty much okay.

It's a marketing tactic.

Okay.

Our family reunion catchphrase that you know, the Dommers, we're doing that pretty much okay.

So you, you were the Dommers and the reunions?

I misspoke.

I think.

Okay.

Oh, I mean, this can't be used against me.

Like, I just think that your baby's arms look like well, sausages that I'd like to eat up, you know, you know, baby talk.

All right, guys, look, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and this is a little something called plugs.

I busted an old last night thinking about the budget of six flags.

I know I take my pride knowing the attendance of the back man ride.

I know I busted an old last night thinking about the budget of six flags.

Okay, you know, look, I said to everyone a few episodes back that I was wondering why all these songs were about plugs.

I mean, there's so much you can write about.

As far as songwriting goes, why are why is every plugs theme about the topic of plugs?

Now, to be honest, I didn't expect that someone would come in and write a song about busting a nut thinking about the budget for six flags.

But thank you so much.

That was six flags by a shiny object.

So thanks to them for that plug theme.

If you have a plug theme, send it on over however you can get it to us.

And guys, what are we plugging?

I'm going to open it up.

Of course, Jake Fogelnest has the patreon.

You can give that address.

Oh, yes, patreon.com slash Jake Fogelnest.

That's right.

Anything else you have people can watch runaways.

They can watch people.

Oh, yeah.

There's tons of binge just binge old shows that I've worked on.

I get I've worked or mainly streaming services.

So I receive a ton of residuals.

Sure.

No, I just I really just came on to have fun and say.

We love having you.

We love having fun with you.

Uh, Shell, a new mother.

What do you want to plug?

I mean, obviously you want to plug your baby because that's new.

Yes, plug in the baby.

I'm plugging all these books, plugging a go ahead for Coco Mellon for Netflix.

Go ahead and get your free plug because they need it.

They obviously need it.

Right.

Any television shows out there that you like watching?

I know there's something on the one of the new streaming services that I hope they may check out.

It is the show called AP bio that's on peacock that I love.

It's so funny.

I thought that was pronounced app B.O.

At B.O.

No, no, no, it's AP bio, but I can.

It's not TV.

It's app B.O.

No, yeah.

It's actually app B.O Max now.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So I can have both of y'all which are AP bio.

So people people should check that out.

People should check that out.

And also why you're on Netflix watching Coco Mellon.

If you're getting tired of seeing animation, if you're feeling hungry, want some food porn for your eyeballs, I do love this show called American barbecue showdown as well.

The foods are delicious.

I'm sure there's nutrition somewhere and some.

Sure.

And it's just real good.

So but you know, we're finished a Coco Mellon palette.

Okay.

Great to see.

I want to plug the auntie Dona's big old house of fun is out there on Netflix.

You can watch that.

That's a sketch show that I worked on.

And six episodes of that.

People can check out and the between two firms movie aforementioned.

You can check that out on Netflix and it's coming up on February 14th, which is always the time to watch Michael Bolton's big sexy Valentine's Day.

That's also in Netflix.

So check those out.

Seth, what do you want to plug?

Oh, thank you so much Scott for letting me close out the plugs.

You know, sometimes the host closes out the plug.

True honor, is it not?

But it is such an honor to be the closing act of the plug bag.

But I would like to plug the two different podcasts locations.

You can go to biggrande website.com to get a 2D podcast, which I'm not going to correct.

This is going.

Speak English, motherfucker.

I'm in marketing.

I'm very good at selling things.

And the two things I'm working for, biggrande presents.com.

They have two new podcasts that you can buy directly from them and hear for free if you want to hear the first episode of each podcast at patreon.com backslash.

You're the man now dog for a it profit conversation podcast with Dan Lippert and Ryan Rosenberg.

And I'm loving that American barbecue show.

I love that they cook kind of unusual things.

I'm wondering if they'll cook the most dangerous thing.

Oh, that was dangerous game, you mean?

Yes.

Yeah.

Human beings.

Is that what you're talking about?

Humanoids?

Yeah.

Yes.

I mean, who knows who knows?

What do you think, Shell?

You think they'll ever get to an episode about that?

I don't think so.

But I guess the marketing thing to say would be to wait, watch and see.

That's very good.

Wow.

Can I take that?

You can.

That's by the way, Seth's style is anyone says anything smart?

He says, can I take that?

So that's been all of his appearances.

He's just stolen from all of us.

Okay.

All right.

Come on here to get and I get accused of all sorts of crazy things.

At the end of the day, I'd love to be a new father.

So anyone out there, go ahead and email at me.

Wow.

Look, we got a close before we do.

A lot of you sent us great remixes of our new theme that we did with Horatio and Ben.

So we have a new one by Michael Guy Bowman.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

And you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Can you find that you're getting my little eye misty?

Think you're crying and you know what to do.

Sit up in there and do what you do.

You got a broken up the broken.

Open it up.

Open up the stone bag.

Make sure it's not cold.

Open up the old sub-hover.

Make sure you got eyes again.

Don't mess around with it.

Don't mess around.

You make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Oh.

Great job, Michael.

Oh, my God.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Jake, always great to see you.

Scott, I love you.

See your face.

Good to see you.

Thanks for coming by and having fun with us and continued success with not only your career, but the career of love that you are engaged in, which is your marriage.

Well, thank you.

Thank you, Scott.

You are my friend.

That's all I'll say.

That's all we got to say.

It goes without saying.

I want to thank you, Shell.

Congrats on creating a life that is, it's almost as if you are baby Jesus.

You're God in a way.

You've created life.

Thank you.

You know why that's a great compliment.

I'm going to say that.

Yeah.

But that in my pocket.

First day you can rest, but Seth Berkowitz, I'm sorry it didn't work out for you here on with us trying to set you up to be the new co-parent or the kazunk here, but I'm sure there will be another guest out there.

Maybe you can return and one of the other guests that we'll have on the show would be proud to have you as a kazunk to their child.

I would love that.

It's a shame to lose out on this adorable little baby that Shell has.

All right, guys, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You I'm going to go ahead and get the right shot.
