---
layout: page
title: 690. Mary Lynn Rajskub, Ego Nwodim, Carl Tart, Ben Rodgers [65c3b731-d559-4121-b535-acbb0003fc56].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ There's no I in team, but there's definitely one in Sammy Davis Jr.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, I get it because of his eye.

I understand it now.

Okay, I understand he had one eye, I believe.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

By the way, thank you to Pugfugly 8.4 for that catchphrase submission, not the number four, not the number eight, but Pugfugly 8.4, not 84 either, but 8.4.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And boy, we have a packed show today.

By the way, my name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

Coming up a little later, we will have a culinary expert.

Well, that's good to know.

During the pandemic, we can learn how to make things and learn.

I guess I don't know what else a culinary expert would be doing, but other than teaching us how to make things.

We also have a bus accident survivor.

Oh, God, that sounds harrowing.

Okay, a bus accident survivor will be coming up a little later on the show.

But before we get to them, we want to get to our guest of honor as we call it.

Does that sound flattering to you?

Marylyn?

Oh, to me.

Oh, to you, yes, you are the guest of honor that I'm referring to.

It sounds like made of honor.

Okay.

Which I'm okay with, but that also.

Have you ever been a made of honor that just leads me to the question?

No, thank you for asking.

And it sounds like a lot of respect.

No, thank you.

No, thank you for asking.

Thank you.

No, but have you been a made of honor and to whom and to when?

You could have asked me at your wedding to be your made of honor.

I could have.

I've been looking for a way to bring this up.

Well, my, the person that I'm in my current situation with that I like to call it.

She had a made of honor.

No, the person I'm currently married to.

That lady?

Yes, she had a matron of honor.

So I should have had you as my made of honor.

That would have been amazing.

Or like queen of honor.

Okay, now we're getting a little too.

Magical fairy.

Sounds like you want to be the center of attention.

No, no, no, no.

You know what?

I present that you took it there.

I just, the word made, that's all.

Let's start from scratch.

Oh, yeah.

Well, I, you know, made, especially with the connotation of old made like in, it's a wonderful life when that's the worst thing that could ever happen to someone.

He sees the woman he gets married to in reality, but in the alternate realities like, you're an old maid.

Oh, okay.

The worst thing that can happen to a woman is to not be married.

I'm back in.

Oh, you're back in.

So you like being called a maid?

Yeah, because then it's the opposite.

Then you see me and you're like, Oh, incredible.

Well, I guess we'll never get the answer as to whether you were ever made of honor.

But I do want to hype up some of your, your credits.

You know her from the television program 24, which occurred in all 24 hours of one day per season.

You can watch the entire show in seven days, the entire, well, it was the seven seasons, eight seasons.

You can watch it in approximately a week, much like God who created the world in seven days.

You also know her from that, that one Harrison Ford movie that she was in with him.

And he gave her an award for newcomer of the years, I recall.

I don't remember that.

I don't remember.

But I was just like, wow, I know a newcomer of the year.

And she has a, she has a stand up comedy special coming out on February two next week called live at the pandemic.

And that is on Vimeo.

People can get it.

Welcome to back to the show, I should say, my old friend, Mary Lynn Rice cub.

Hello.

Hi.

Thanks for having me.

It is purely, purely my pleasure.

That Harrison Ford thing is, is real.

Do you still have the, the, what, what exactly was it?

And who, who created that award?

And why did you receive it?

I don't know.

It felt good, right?

Oh my gosh.

It felt great.

I don't mean to go.

Oh, Harry Ford handing you a big trophy.

The best, I think it was a magazine and I'm embarrassed that I don't remember what it was, but it was a big deal because they, oh, I bet it was like premiere magazine or entertainment weekly or something created.

Something like that.

And were you the only recipient of it?

Or did they continue for another couple of years before it fizzled out and print was dead?

Um, it was quite a few years ago.

So I imagine I wasn't the only recipient, but as far as I know, I was, you know, you could be the reigning newcomer of the new, new, new, new, of the year.

You could be the reigning cucumber of the year.

Yes.

Have you ever won something to be the cucumber of the year?

No, not until just now.

Too bad.

But what was that movie called?

It was called the perilous, uh, infliction.

Wasn't it?

So close.

Uh, firewall.

That's right.

Okay.

I was so close.

Uh, firewall.

That was all about computers.

And didn't you get that because you were on 24 and you played, uh, the person, I don't recall your name in 24 any longer.

Uh, there's only so much room in the old noggin.

Yes.

But you were the person who tippy tapped on a computer and told, uh, Jack Bauer where to go, Oh, no, his name, uh, you told him, uh, like turn left, turn right and Jack.

I'll go this.

Toggle that.

All of the nukes are about to go off and all that kind of stuff.

The virus.

Chloe, Chloe, you were Chloe.

See?

Look at you.

See stands for Chloe.

That's good enough for me.

Uh, and what was your last name though, Bauer?

That was his last name.

Sure.

But it could have been yours as well.

Haven't you ever known anyone with the same last name?

I mean, obviously maybe you haven't.

Wow.

You went too far too fast with that.

No, that would, that would be confusing for a show fictional characters.

They need to have different last names.

We need to have different, you know, first names as well writer to just be like, no, they just have the same last name.

They're not related.

They're not married.

That's just I did, uh, I did write a play when I was 20.

Uh, where the two main characters names were Lisa and we had to call them Lisa one and Lisa two.

I knew it.

And just because I had taken a writing class and they were like, always make your names of all the characters distinctive enough.

So no one ever confuses them, which I thought was a rule that was made to be broken.

That's you're the rule breaker.

That's what I always said.

Well, speaking of rules that were made to be broken that Jack Bauer, it seems like he was a wild card who played by his own rules.

But he was always fighting for good.

You know, there's good.

There's, I don't know if you know that, but there's what if we found out the Jack Bauer, like everything he was fighting to do, much like when you watch Rambo three and you realize that all of the people, Rambo three is helping turned out to be Al-Qaeda.

What if Jack Bauer was that too, where like everything he ended up doing basically created an insurgency here in the US and he was responsible?

I think he's responsible for what's happening right now in the US.

Could be, I wish I'd like to see that 24 seasons.

I think that's what we're going to find out.

Basically, he's working on storming the Capitol and breaking some windows.

I'm not Jack Bauer, but he for Sutherland is responsible for what happened.

He first dives on a Christmas tree and about a week later, he decides to storm the Capitol.

He was actually on a tour the day before hiding behind a tree.

And he's the he's video on earth of him telling them to go left to find Pelosi's desk.

Do you remember that when he dove into the Christmas tree?

Like he tackled it and he remembered that.

Do I remember the time he was at a Golden Globe party and like headbutted somebody and then you know who had to be up at 6 a.m. with a little thing in her ear?

Not to be in your face with this, but I did a what do you call that like affiliates all over the country to promote.

And I woke up and I didn't know that he had done this.

And I just had like, Hey, good morning in my ear.

And every one of them was like, How about that key for last night?

Knockin somebody out and I'm like, Oh, he isn't that good?

Like I had to spin it in the moment as I was hearing the information and make it sound like, Well, he's a hero in real life.

I'm sure he was defending someone's honor.

Watch the show this Monday night.

I would do anything for him.

He's the most.

You're right.

They should change that DUI law.

They should change that.

It's he's in the right.

Always.

I always have his back.

He's the most like his character and you are the least like your character.

Yeah.

Is that true?

Sorry.

What are you saying, Scott?

Well, I just have never known.

I've known you for a long time.

Mary Lynn, I believe I've talked about this on previous episodes.

I don't believe I would have gotten into comedy if not for Mary Lynn.

Mary Lynn, you were doing a show with the comedy store.

I think in years past that we can talk about it again.

You know what I mean?

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean, a number of years ago, but you were you were doing a show at the belly room at the comedy store and you with with CJ Arabia, the two of you were doing a show called Windows 95 as I recall because it was nineteen hundred ninety five and you kept the name Windows ninety five for several years after and you invited me to do a bit on your show out of the blue without ever having met me just through a mutual friend and I had never done comedy before and and you enjoyed it.

You never done it before?

I never done it before.

Are you not being dramatic?

You're not recriting history here?

No, I never done it before and I did it on the show.

Oh, so you were a theater major?

I was a theater guy.

Yeah.

Okay.

I went to theater school and and and I moved here and my good friend that I'd done theater up in San Francisco or Sacramento with she was Karen Kilgarov's roommate.

Yes.

And I showed her a play I wrote and she she said I hate it.

Lisa's Lisa's one and two that it wasn't it wasn't that big of you.

That was a better one.

I think but I showed her a play.

She said I hate it.

Sky.

I don't like your writing, but you're really funny.

Maybe you should do comedy and she she referred me to you and you said, yeah, go ahead and do it and you let me do it.

And then two weeks later you said, hey, do you want to come back and I just started doing it regularly all thanks to you.

I've known you for my entire comedy life.

And I you that was I like how in your version of the story, I was like a gatekeeper.

I'm the only one who's a gatekeeper of the open mic in the belly room.

And you sort of were years later.

I'm still trying to get spots at the comedy store.

Things come full circle.

Yeah, you're telling me guys, no, you were in charge of a great show that had people like, you know, Bob Odenkirk and Paul if Tomkins and Sarah Silverman and all sorts of great people that have gone on to a clam and then me.

I have a podcast.

But I thank you for that and I have always said that you my my relative success in comedy is due to you and I appreciate you.

And of course we want to give back to you.

And that is why I will pay for one viewing of your special.

You will.

Sure.

I may watch it.

I may not, but I'll pay for it.

Don't laugh.

Don't don't like by the end of the sentence you are already laughing like you weren't going to do it.

You wouldn't even give it five seconds that you might watch it.

Yeah, it shouldn't even let me.

I'm just laughing because the idea of me renting a special is just ludicrous.

But it really is.

But but we do want to keep her now.

Scott Ocherman.

Who's the gatekeeper now?

Gatekeeper to me watching your special.

Yeah, it's me.

But tell it.

Tell us about the special.

You obviously we've been in quarantine for a year and have you have you left or anything like that or have you just been chilling with your family there in the house?

I moved during the quarantine.

What?

I downsized.

I sold my house, took the cash and went farther outside of LA to batten down.

Whoa, this is big news.

Is this is this the house I went to a party at once?

No, that's but please always remember me in that house.

That's the house at the height of my TV money and I bought a ridiculous house.

That was huge as I recall.

Oh my gosh, it was so fun.

Had a giant backyard.

No regrets, am I right?

You had a carnival in the backyard if I remember correctly.

This woman, there was a cage that she used to keep birds in.

There was a there's a word.

She let the birds go or they all died.

I guess she took them with her.

No, I remember now.

She said, can you watch the birds for a few days when you move in before I pick them up?

Oh, okay.

So there's a cage in your backyard, a giant cage with where birds reside it.

And yes, there's a word for that.

A cage, a large cage.

Or a cage.

Okay, I'll talk to you later.

There was also a tennis court on that property.

Oh, that's right.

You were the first friend of mine, whoever bought a giant house, I believe, and you had a tennis court and he was just like, whoa, check this in.

It was so fun.

And then like, and then I wasn't on TV anymore and I was like, oh, I can't pay for this.

Did you did you use the tennis court ever or?

Yeah, I used it.

Other people used it.

We had a really fun party where it was a bracket of, you know, you go up against people.

I don't know.

Because all you said was it's a bracket.

A sports bracket.

Come on.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

Sports bracket.

So people were competing in tennis against each other and it was a sports bracket.

Yeah.

And then you, it was mandatory that you had to play, but it was like a cocktail party.

So it made it wacky.

Well, wacky competitiveness, you know.

So then you down and I'm fascinated with your real estate ventures.

So then you downsized into a slightly smaller house and now you've downsized even further and we don't want to give away your location.

That's what Hollywood does to you, Scott.

That's what Hollywood does.

I'm looking at you right now and you're in front of a gray wall.

It seems like you're in prison or a sanitary.

I'm not sure.

Look, this is my office.

I'm working on it.

I just moved in October.

Next time you see me, it's going to be like a shadow box with.

Seasonal items in it.

Mmm.

And I'll wait and you.

And I'll decorate it for every holiday.

Just you wait and see.

So tell us about the special you've been, you've been in core and you moved, but why put out a special during quarantine?

I was supposed to, I still am going to do a comedy album with 800 pound gorilla.

Do you know those guys?

I don't, I don't know.

That might be a matter.

It doesn't matter.

Right.

It does matter.

Yeah.

You know what?

We'll do another podcast to decide if it matters or not.

Okay.

That's a great spinoff podcast.

Does it matter with Mary Lynn Ricegub and Scott Ochreben?

So.

And we are, we, we fight about whether something matters or not.

It's like love it or list it where we have like, I'm the guy who always thinks it matters.

You're the guy who always thinks it doesn't matter.

And we fight about it.

And then we come to an agreement at the end.

Love it and list it.

Only second to flip or fly.

Love it and list it.

No, you can't do that.

You got to, you got to choose.

You got to make an opinion in order for people to want to listen to you.

You can't just be like, you kind of like everything all the time.

I had a bunch of material and I've never, I've actually never done a special after all these years and I kept trying to get the right situation.

I remember Mary Lynn Ricegub when I first got to know you, you were doing these incredible one woman shows with where you would use transparencies and all sorts of visual aids.

And I remember you were so off on guard and you were talking about being a waitress at the Hard Rock Cafe.

And I remember, I remember one time I went to go see you out there in Santa Monica at the power light or something like that.

And there were all these celebrities in the audience.

Ben Stiller was in the audience.

And I was just like, whoa, she is really doing something here.

I never quit doing stand up, but I was doing that thing where I would almost not doing it and then just do a storytelling show every once in a while.

And then something in me, the comic in me was it was like that thing of I never wrote a sketch packet and I never went on the road as a stand up.

So I still haven't written that sketch packet, but I went on the road a few years ago.

So this special was me having all this material that I never, it's kind of a grab bag.

So there's a few classics, but then there's a lot of stuff that's just happened during the pandemic.

And it's my special way of telling a story.

I talk about my neighbor and relationships during the pandemic and dating during the pandemic because I am divorced.

I don't know if we talked about that.

We have, I don't believe we've talked about that on nor off Mike.

Oh, that's a little juicy tidbit.

So that so I did a hot goss.

I did a zoom show and we were trying to film it.

And of course that didn't work because it's a zoom show.

So then we said, you know, my producing partner and I were like, I'm going to do this Monday.

That show recreate it, but I'm alone just for my cat and my dog and then filmed it and put it out and and are you getting reaction shots from your cat and dog?

No, because that's, you know, I don't mean just cutting to them.

Everyone's staring at the curtain on the technical aspect of it, the production of it.

So because once we did any cutaways, it looks like we're trying to do cutaways and we didn't have those kinds of skills.

Then it tries to sort out.

What aspect ratio did you film in?

Oh, but this is a how long is this special?

Is it around 60 minutes?

Yeah, it's around 65.

Yeah.

And I'm really proud of it and it's fun and it's like it's different.

And then I had Avery Pearson do a score behind me in lieu of a laugh track.

And boy, that score really accentuates my strange way of talking.

Interesting.

I don't know that I've ever seen a comedy special with like a film score underneath it.

That's an interesting way to do it.

Yeah, it was really fun.

We just did the the old like sent him the cut and then had him react to it musically.

Mm hmm.

Did he do it all in one take as he was watching it or?

I believe so.

That's funny.

Well, this, this is incredible.

How do people get this special and how do I pay for it and perhaps watch it?

Thank you for asking.

Marylin, Marylin.com.

That's my website.

I have a website.

Marylin, Marylin.com.

I don't mean to brag, but.

Wow.

It's.

Yeah.

Did you use Squarespace for it or just a few clicks of the mouse take you to wherever you wanted to be on that.

We can talk about that later.

Yeah.

But Marylin, Marylin.com and starting on February 2nd, people can access this special and for an hour of their lives lose themselves in the insanity that is Marylin Rice cubs brain.

Seeing the world through her eyes.

It's maybe not something I would want to do all week, but certainly for an hour.

Wrong direction for a promo.

Oh, OK.

But for an hour, it's.

No, no, no.

Say you want to stay there forever.

OK.

You'll be wishing at the end of an hour that you could be Marylin Rice cub.

And that you could take over her life.

Yes.

And become her and maybe swap brains with her.

Too far.

Die like that.

Suck out her life essence and put yours into her.

What?

No, dial it back.

Lesser.

It's a good special.

Up a little.

A couple more.

It's a great special.

Yes.

Good.

We found it.

All right.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

All right.

Well, Marylin Rice cub is here returning to the program.

One of our favorite guests and wonderful human being great comedian, but we do need to get to our next guest.

She now Marylin, have you been cooking during the pandemic?

Or do you order out all the time?

Or a mixture of the two?

Yeah.

You know, it's like I want to cook and then I get too over zealous and I can't pull it off.

So I'm really excited to talk to this culinary expert.

OK.

Wonderful.

Well, she is a culinary expert who people will recognize her by name, I would imagine, as several of her products are inside my well-stocked kitchen.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, please welcome Mrs. Dash.

Hello, hello, Scott.

Hello.

So good to meet you.

Hi.

Yes.

It's wonderful to meet you as well.

It's a pleasure.

It's an absolute pleasure.

I mean, it really is.

The pleasure is all mine or at least Marylin and I share it at the very least.

Let's share pleasure.

Sure.

5050 on that.

We can all share pleasure.

Why not?

Go around.

You're the majority stick holder in the pleasure?

Yes.

51% of meeting Mrs. Dash.

Yes.

OK.

Oh, guys, there's plenty of pleasure to be had.

Yes.

Are we about to start an orgy?

What is happening right now?

Oh, Scott, enough.

No.

All right.

He always takes it there.

Ladies don't talk about that kind of stuff.

You're here, Mrs. Dash.

I don't know.

You just do it.

No talk.

We don't talk about it.

We do it.

We're all doing.

No bark, just by.

There is as a wise, I don't know what to call.

I don't know what his race is, but he and you.

What is race matter?

You know that in Grogu, we're the only two that I've ever seen of this particular race, but he said there is no try.

There is only do or do not.

Yes.

But I have to go back.

Scott, what is race matter to you?

Well, I just, I don't know what to call him.

He's not always talking about race.

He's not a person, certainly.

And you ever seen that Grogu?

I don't know.

Never seen a Grogu.

No.

He's not a Grogu.

He's a, he's Grogu is his name.

So there's, oh, okay.

No, never met Grogu.

I have not.

Okay.

Yeah.

I spend too much time in the kitchen.

I don't get out.

Oh, I see.

Well, let's circle back around to the kitchen.

What do you say?

Let's stop talking about race and issues of race.

Yes.

You're so obsessed.

Okay.

Babe, babe, I'm tired of sitting in the car.

Come on out.

Is that on you?

Is that's that's there?

Are we hearing that?

Andre the Giant?

No, that's that's my husband.

I think it's Andre the Giant.

I don't, you sounded like you were going to say Andre the Giant.

He's, I certainly was.

All from that first syllable I could gather.

You were going to say, I'm tired of sitting in the car.

I'm tired of sitting in the car.

I want to be on the radio.

Who is this?

Oh, my goodness.

This is my husband.

I'm trying to get out of this marriage.

It is unhappy.

Unhappy.

Um, oh, two men, two women.

Are we about to have an orgy?

Oh, my God.

Can I just, the number of people leads you to believe?

I was sort of led to believe it by, by what everyone was saying.

No, nobody's going to have my husband, my husband, Peter.

My husband.

Hold on.

Mr. Dash, is that Peter Dash?

That's me, baby.

Anytime you see an equal number of men to women in any room, you assume there's going to be an orgy?

Any room I walk into, I walk into a school house and I see an equal number.

Um, boys and girls, I say, we want to have an orgy in here.

Boys and girls.

And I will say that.

But I was.

Wait, boys and girls.

This is at a PTA meeting.

This is at a, this is at a, this is when I was in school, I would say it every day when I walked into class.

All right.

Oh, my God.

All right.

Oh, this is, this is the first I'm learning about this Scott.

My, my, my husband, I guess is a freak.

Why?

He keeps it equal though.

Just count, make sure there's like an even number of.

No, okay.

Leave no child.

So how long have you guys been, been married?

Peter Dash and Mrs. Dash.

Well, I say we've been married for 35 years.

Peter will say we've been married for 40.

Um, he didn't ask me.

Well, it's the discrepancy.

Well, because he didn't ask me, we were common law at a certain point and he didn't want to ask.

And so he said that counts too.

The minute he moved in, he moved into my place.

He doesn't come from much.

He still doesn't have much.

Easy, but I'll let him tell his story.

I'll let him tell his story.

I have to say, just moving into someone's apartment doesn't make you a common law.

It's just your roommates.

Scott, shut up.

Listen.

Yeah.

How do you get to be common law when you have that?

Come on.

From what I understand, it's essentially you have to.

Time cuts.

There has to be an agreement between the two part between the two people involved where they say they're married, even though they never got married.

Like you, you, they say, hey, we're common law husband or they tell everyone we're married, but they're not.

Peter did.

He told everybody we were married.

I told everybody we were married.

My real name is Peter Dinklage.

And I took her name and because of the famous Peter Dinklage, who?

Lots to unpack here.

Your own name.

My name is Peter Dinklage.

So you wanted to take her name for one person?

Yeah.

I took her name.

Because I wasn't going to take, I wasn't going to become Martha Dinklage.

That doesn't sound too becoming.

This is Dash.

Are you, you, were you resistant to him from the get go?

It sounds like maybe repulsed by him.

Okay.

If you, if you will, okay.

What you talking about?

I was looking good.

I'll tell you how we met.

Tell him how we met.

So I was working at a Marriott, Marriott, keep it very hot.

And I was working there and I, what were you doing?

I was just, I was setting up for events.

I was event planning.

Oh, is that a full time job or just whenever it would roll around?

It was per diem.

That's Latin for per day.

You got paid a per diem.

Did you get paid in a crate paper and tablecloth?

Yes.

And I have to use those while I'm setting up.

So I, I called the event planning, but it really was, was, you know, set up and take down tables and things.

Sure.

And there was a seasonings convention.

He was a handyman.

Oh, okay.

So I'm a handyman at a hotel.

Keep going.

And so I walk in and I do a room count.

You know how I do.

And I said, oh, we want to have an orange eating.

And I got fine.

So it was even because it's hard in events with hundreds of people, a to get an accurate room count.

Yeah.

But for it to actually be even, you must have been very excited.

Well, that day people kept coming in and going out because people had to use the restroom and such.

So he kept losing count, having to start over.

But it was towards the end of the event when he figured out the number.

He's a suddenly the magic number came up and even amount of men to women.

Yeah.

You announced, are we about to have an orgy in here?

Okay.

Go ahead, babe.

And Mrs. Dash was on the stage.

The, the latter Mrs. Dash, because she wasn't Mrs. Dash yet.

She was just Miss Dash at that time.

I was Martha Stewart and I changed my, you changed your name to.

To Dash.

Yeah.

To Dash.

So we have Peter Dinklage and Martha Stewart.

Yes.

Originally.

Each of our maiden names.

Yeah.

Go ahead, babe.

So you see Martha Stewart up there on this stage.

Were you giving a speech, a keynote speech of some sort or?

She was giving a keynote speech and I immediately cut the mic to have a reason to go up there and talk to her.

Okay.

Yep.

So he had the mic went out.

Wow.

I was actually speaking on, I was actually speaking on home decor and I didn't own a home at the time myself, but I liked to toy around and give people advice and they'd pay me to do as much.

Quick side note.

How would you decorate a bird cage, a large bird cage?

I would make a shadow box.

I think a shadow box would be in the cage.

What about a large blank gray wall?

Maybe some, maybe some seeds, maybe some seeds on that.

Oh, so you're an opposite type of person.

Yeah.

Kind of some expectations.

Okay.

Yeah.

So I was, I was talking on home decor.

I was no expert.

Okay.

So this was a spice convention and you were talking about home decor.

Was, oh, yes.

Exactly.

Wait a second.

Is this where you came up with the idea to be Mrs. Dash at the spice convention?

Well, he'll tell you the rest.

Okay.

Seems like you're abdicating responsibility for this story.

But go ahead.

It was a spice convention at the Marryon.

Keep it very hot and it was called People of the World Spiced Up Your Life, 1981.

Okay.

Oh, so the Spice Girls got it from there?

Oh, okay.

Never mind.

It gives it gives.

Okay.

I know the Spice Girls.

Okay.

I know the Spice Girls.

Of course.

I would imagine that Mrs. Dash, you were probably right there.

Like maybe you were the sixth Spice Girl or something.

Yeah.

I know that.

Well, there's more than six spices.

There's paprika, regno.

You know, the girl.

There are only five Spice Girls is what I'm saying.

Oh, but I don't, are there because there's time.

Now, what are you, when you say Spice Girls, what are you talking about?

What are, okay.

I'm talking about the famous singing group.

You're listening.

I don't know.

I don't know what else.

Okay.

So you don't know the Spice Girls.

You're just thinking.

We don't listen to secular music.

Oh, are you religious?

Or regno?

Yes.

We are both religious.

Well, babe, babe, babe, go ahead.

Tell the rest of the story.

Okay.

I'm happy.

Finally.

Babe.

This is the first time this woman is singing.

Babe, get out of the car.

At least get out of the car.

Yeah.

He's small.

Where are you going?

This is the first time you see some value.

Okay.

Now.

Okay.

So we're at the Marriott.

Keep it very hot.

People of the world, Spice Girls, it'll be like 1981.

I've cut the microphone because I want to run on stage and I want to talk to this woman.

And I say, excuse me, miss, I don't mean to bother you.

But since we're not about to have an orgy in here, can I move in with you?

Oh, and I said, well, why isn't my microphone working?

I said, first of all, I'm trying to speak up a little bit.

I'm all business and I have on a suit, Scott.

You would have loved my powder blue suit.

It was a gorgeous powder blue skirt suit, if you will.

And I had on stockings because the lady always wear stockings.

Okay.

I'm not quite sure I necessarily need to know your entire outfit.

I enjoy knowing it.

If you don't mind.

Well, this is why I have women on the show so they could, I can be informed as to what ladies like to hear on the show.

So they can talk.

Oh, Scott, you like orgy.

Quick side question again, Mrs. Dash.

You're playing stockings in the shoes.

Do you find that your toe slips too much?

Always slips, but then you can get some doctor shows, foot packs and then it keeps your foot just right inside.

You know, I actually wear stockings under my jeans, beloved.

I was.

I feel like I'm listening to Add to Cart on Lemonade Media.

I just felt loved and got some good information all in one.

Do you know Dr. Scholes, by the way, is that why you're giving him a plug?

She was cheating on me with him.

Yep.

What was his, what was his original?

Were you fucked?

Excuse my little Jesus.

Well, only me.

It sounds like you've been married.

Common Lawson's 1981 in our share.

She cheated on me with Dr. Scholes.

What?

No.

In the bedroom?

Where you sleep?

I was trying to, I was trying to prove a point.

He was, he was asleep.

He was asleep.

I was asleep.

Downstairs.

In the guest bedroom?

I was asleep.

Downstairs.

And she's upstairs.

Get it all with Dr. Scholes, medicine man.

Dr. Philip Scholes, medicine man.

What was his original name before he became Dr. Scholes?

I guess just Philip.

See more Thomas?

Philip, just Philip.

Just Philip.

I thought just Philip, but I don't, you know, I'm not familiar.

Look, I rather focus on the happy times.

Yes, I smashed Dr. Scholes.

How was it?

But everybody doesn't need to...

On a scale of your feet feel good to, you need to take a soak.

Let's just say the man made my toes curl.

Okay.

How did you feel about that when you found out?

Not good, Scott.

Not good.

But you stayed together.

We stayed together.

Well, I was trying to prove a point.

You see, from the stage at the Spice Convention where I was talking interior decor, he, you know, he said he wants to move in.

And I said, fine, if you turn the mic back on, you can move in to my home.

That's fine.

So, he moved in that night.

And so we got to know each other over the course of years, but we were getting to know each other while commonly married.

Okay.

And so, you know, at a point I said, look, a lady doesn't just have a man dwelling in a home.

This was about three years in.

And he, and he says, well, I guess that means you're not a lady.

Can you believe he said that to me?

I cannot believe you said that.

I said it, goddamn it.

Whoa.

Yeah.

He said, I guess that means you're not a lady.

So I wanted to prove a point.

I said, I'm going to get this ring.

Okay.

I'm going to get a ring.

Okay.

And so I invited Dr. Scholes over.

I told him my feet hurt.

And then he blew my back out.

Wow.

Oh, another time.

Yeah.

That's for another time.

Now this is 1984.

I'm presuming.

So we're.

1984.

Were you listening to George Michael on the radio wake me up before you go go?

Maybe Frankie goes to Hollywood.

I don't, I don't listen to secular music.

Is this Christian music?

You're getting your back blown out.

Yeah.

Wow.

Outside the confines of your common law marriage sex is in the Bible.

But yet a lot of be getting in the Bible.

So is the word as.

Yes, it is.

George Michael's not in the Bible.

Go go wake me up.

Not in the Bible because Jesus actually slept.

So if it's in the Bible, it's cool to do.

If it's in the Bible, it's fine.

Okay.

So people, people have insects, the word ass.

People have insects with the word as 30 pieces of silver.

Mary Magdalene was a prostitute.

Frank and since my.

Sure.

Gold.

Yeah.

Right.

That's the story of us.

But he's just been.

Rivers of blood.

I don't don't.

Rivers of blood.

Do us of sol.

Locusts.

Let my people go.

Yeah.

Rivers of blood is a metaphor for big pools of tart cherry juice.

Okay.

Oh, so now he wants to say something.

Okay.

So he was supposed to help me with my business when he took my name.

He was supposed to help me with my business, but he tells me he doesn't know anything about cooking.

Nothing.

He didn't know anything about the kitchen, but now he's talking about rivers of blood.

Tell us more, babe.

I will tell you more.

What?

God damn it is in the Bible.

God is in the Bible.

Yeah, but it says not to say it.

Who said that?

God.

I presume.

Oh, gosh.

Oh, my gosh.

I have value too.

That's all I'm saying.

So I came here.

I wanted to get out of car and be on the radio with y'all and having orgie, perhaps with the because I want to tell you all about my new business venture.

Okay.

Well, what do you do?

I mean, you're a failed.

You're a failed janitor or not janitor, but I didn't fail.

Handy man failed.

Handy man.

Savatage the very venue you were working at.

I didn't fail.

I chose to leave the mariachi.

Very hot and come live with me.

Come live with me.

Have you ever straight outside the confines of your marriage like Mrs. Dash did me tell him?

Absolutely not never.

No, you've been.

Meaning.

Yes, not never.

He said not never meaning.

Okay.

So a lot of times then.

Listen, Mary Magdalene was a prostitute.

Okay.

He says that because he slept with the prostitute, he slept with the prostitute.

I found them in our home.

No, in our home.

There has been a lot of sex outside of our marriage happening in our shared bed.

So I was sleeping in the guest room and I got upstairs and he was sleeping with the prostitute and I said, this woman is a prostitute and he said, Mary Magdalene is a prostitute.

So I couldn't say nothing back to that because he was right.

Was this before or after Dr. Scholes?

After I was it was revenge.

Revenge.

It was revenge.

And so then I had to do him one up and I had to do him one up and I was like, I fucked the eyes.

The brothers at the same time.

How many were there?

Two, three.

At least several.

I can't remember.

So the extended family, not even the ones who were just for the same.

No, because all the cousins.

This is like family feud rules where anyone who had an attachment to the Isley family got in on that.

She also fuck Jasper Scott.

I'm sure you'll get that.

What?

Isley Jasper, I joined the caravan of love.

She joined the caravan.

I joined the caravan of love and we can go on and on, but we're not here to talk about our extra-marital offense.

Quite honestly, I presumed you were here to talk about cooking tips and so to get all of this other information who is quite surprising for me, but we almost have to take a break.

Give us one cooking tip before I throw to a break here.

Since you are ostensibly here to talk about that.

Okay.

Well, if you've got any sense in this world and you're trying to make something good, put my spices on your meat, my spices below.

Are we about to have an orgy?

I fucked the point, assistant.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

And then when he did that, I fucked the entire Congress.

I fucked all the Congress.

You had Congress with Congress.

Amazing.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a bus accident survivor.

That's, we'll hear his harrowing tale.

We will be right back with Mr. and Mrs. Dash and Mary Lynn Ricekub.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

We have Mary Lynn Ricekub of newcomer fame.

The reigning newcomer and cucumber.

That's why he said cucumber.

Yes.

Because I accidentally said cucumber.

Okay.

So it's taking you a good half an hour to understand why I brought it.

I just remembered that.

Yeah.

Okay.

Because I know you wouldn't listen to this back.

So I'm glad that we're finally on the same page.

How do you know that about me?

I don't know.

Well, maybe we all watch your special and you listen to this podcast at the same time and we'll check in with each other and text each other.

Okay.

What do you say?

That would be fun.

I'd love to start a text chain with you.

Okay.

It sounds like you wouldn't love that.

Well, okay.

Peter Dash is here as well.

Peter Dash, Nate Dinklage.

We also have Martha Dash.

Well, that's bullshit, Scott, that you would introduce my deadbeat husband.

Well, he started talking.

He interrupted us.

He's turning and getting more angry.

That's what he does.

He's, I'm pissed, Mary.

I'm pissed.

You obviously have a higher status.

I hear her hear your voice as well.

You have higher status because you are the regularly scheduled guest and normally I would have introduced you.

I mean, what the hell, Scott?

He interrupted us and I wanted to instruct people as to why they were hearing a different voice.

I see what you're saying.

You don't want him taking up your time anymore.

I don't.

He's been taking up my time since we was on that stage at the Spice Beach.

Did you ever finish your speech?

No, because no, you know, and people actually demanded their money back.

Yeah, people weren't there at a Spice convention to hear you talk about interior decor.

Exactly.

Well, you know.

I helped you.

Oh, oh, please, Peter.

You haven't done anything for me.

But anyway, again, I do want to just offer another cooking tip.

If we can.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

Before we get to our next guest, let's hear another cooking tip.

And please don't make it just to buy your own products, but go ahead.

Okay, for sure.

So you know, if you're feeling really froggy in the kitchen, I think you need to put my spices on your fish.

All right.

Yeah.

That's it.

All right.

So your tips, your cooking tips are essentially just buy everything that you make and put it on food.

Well, food if you're food if you're Christian and other pieces of you.

Okay.

Interesting.

You can buy my spice too.

I make spice.

Oh my God.

So you have different stuff.

Yeah.

What do you make?

I mean, salt.

Salt.

He's been in competition with Mortons and he's failed.

It's a failed business.

I mean, did you have sex with Morton too?

I fucked Morton.

Yes.

I fucked.

And we did meet at a Spice convention after the one where Peter cut me off.

So I did fuck Morton.

Okay.

And then bring out an umbrella.

And a little.

Morton did bring in that.

He brought more than an umbrella.

He did.

He brought.

Wait a minute.

What did it look like when he unfolded that umbrella?

That's a child.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Let's just let's just say it was a grower not a shower.

Yeah.

Wow.

You know, when people say let's just say usually they sort of try to hide it a little bit, but then you just basically said that his penis is a grower and not a shower.

Let's just say it was a big piece.

Okay.

Great.

And I was in the same hotel room in the other bed.

Sleece.

You were just sleeping while this happens in the same room all the time.

Well, listen, this was at a point when I was trying to save our marriage.

I asked him to we should we I said we should go on a nice romantic getaway.

And he said, why that's too expensive.

Let's go somewhere where we can get a discount at Mary.

What did he say?

Mary, I keep it very hot.

Right.

So even though you hadn't worked there in a number of years, you still got the employee discount, I signed a contract.

That's the one perk that you kept.

Yeah.

Two percent discounted every Marriott in the world.

I keep trying to tell him 2% off is not a steal.

It's not a steal.

I mean, with milk, it's great.

Yeah.

No, if it's 2% milk, sure.

So why wouldn't you just go all men to oat at that point?

That's true.

It's a good point with his dash.

I know that's what I'm great in the kitchen, if you will.

So anyway, he insisted we get two double beds.

And I said, okay, fine.

We'll go to your stinky hotel and we'll get two double beds.

But guess what?

I'm still going to be fucking.

And so I went I reached out to Morton and he gave it to me good while he was asleep while Peter was asleep.

And I couldn't even hear it because my CPAP machine was too round.

Oh, geez.

You have a CPAP machine.

And I made it myself.

I am industrious.

I made it myself.

I took an old lawn mower, air conditioner filter, and a mask that everybody is wearing now.

But who do they see where first?

Oh, Peter Dash, Nate, Dinklage.

That's pretty smart.

Yeah, it's very into why you're selling it.

And what is it?

It's regulating the it's regulating the air for you.

Yeah, it's like a pressure of a.

Yes, and it's pumping gasoline into my lungs, making them stronger.

OK, OK, great.

Well, you guys have a very odd relationship, I have to say, but it sounds like it's working, although even though Mrs. Dash said that you weren't happy at the very top of your interview, but you know, we do have to get to our next guest and see if he's happy or not.

I would presume he is because he survived a bus accident, which is I can think of no worse way to go.

Mary Lynn, can you think of any way you'd less rather die than being hit by a bus?

I mean, it just sounds terrible running into the back of the bus on a motorcycle while on acid.

OK, all right, you got me there.

But he is a bus accident survivor.

Let's welcome him to the show.

Please welcome Bud Frankly.

Hey, Scott.

Hey, thanks so much.

And I know you're reading that on your old car that I survived a bus accident, but I try not to let that define me, you know.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Well, I there's a lot of other sides to me other than the bus accident.

That's what my producer wrote down probably because I think that sounds like the interesting part of your life, maybe of interest to our listeners.

It certainly is.

It's it's a wild thing, but I survived.

I got through it, but there are other parts of me.

I'm a businessman.

I'm I'm a movie critic.

I've got a lot of other parts of myself.

You're not firewall.

Have I seen firewall?

Oh, yeah.

And would you care to criticize it right now?

You know, I didn't mind firewall.

There were no buses in it.

There wasn't even a lot of driving.

So I it was just right there by the computer most of the time trying to break through those fire.

That is not true.

I was the assistant.

I didn't get to do any computer things.

I had crazy hair.

Now, are you saying Bud?

Is that his name?

Yeah, Bud.

Frankly, of course.

Yes.

That you would be triggered by buses if you saw them, but in the movie firewall, there is violence and his family is abducted and they steal Harrison Ford's identity.

Paul Bailey does all that.

So all that's okay with you though.

Yeah, that doesn't trigger you.

No, again, the bus stuff doesn't it doesn't define who I am.

I'm more than that.

And yeah, the driving in the movie did make me uncomfortable.

Okay.

And even the idea of busting through a firewall.

Kind of has a bus right there in the phrase.

Wow, even the word.

Yeah.

So did you you're put off by driving?

Did you drive into the bus or did you were you hit as a pedestrian?

I was if you don't let me talk.

Yeah.

No, it's okay.

Yeah, I was walking around.

A day trader and I got just run over in middle of Wall Street by a boat bus.

Were you in the middle of making a big trade?

I was making a huge trade.

Wow.

What were you trading?

I was trading a Quaker Oats.

Whoa.

I was in the middle of buying Quaker Oats.

How many shares?

I was buying 1500 shares of Quaker Oats.

Wow.

Yeah.

It was a huge trade.

It was enormous.

It would have defined me.

It would have made me a legend on the floor and I just got run over flat as a pancake.

So you were you were in the middle of Wall Street and you said a boat bus ran into you?

One of the like it was yeah.

But did you say bolt or boat?

Both B.O.L.T.

Oh, okay.

I thought it was like one of those boat buses you see in Seattle, you know, the kind that like drive around the city and then go into the water.

Oh, those are fun.

Yeah.

I've been hit by an amphibious bus as well.

That's really.

And that was also right around Wall Street.

It was it was just icing on the cake.

I survived one bus accident and again, who would have thought an amphibious bus which are very uncommon in New York City.

Sure.

Yeah.

I don't know that I've ever seen one in there.

I have not either myself.

Yeah.

But again, there's other sides of me.

I thought we could give I could, you know, give you a rundown of my favorite Tarantino movies or yeah, I get it once upon a time in Hollywood Pulp Fiction.

I'm pretty sure I understand.

Actually, Pulp Fiction is low on my list.

Is there a bus in there?

Very.

You wanted the characters gets run over by a car.

Yeah.

Bruce Willis.

Yeah.

You don't even know his name.

Yeah.

Movie critic.

But, okay.

I think it's a bud.

What about the movie speed?

Speed.

Oh, no, that movie's ridiculous.

Ridiculous in what way?

It's unrealistic.

How though, please don't make me ask again.

Well, as someone who has survived multiple bus accidents.

Is it more than way more than two?

Yeah.

I've survived five bus accidents.

And then yeah.

Are you making a trade every time?

I was usually trading.

Okay.

Beloved, I must ask, have you considered wearing stockings under your clothing to keep you from being hit by the bus?

I've tried.

You know, when I've read that on the internet to try stockings to avoid bus accidents and I tried for months.

I think I think in the movie it happened one night, which you would know as a film critic.

The woman, the star of the movie, I can't recall her name, but she pulls up her dress and shows her stockings and makes a car stop.

So maybe that would make a bus stop as well.

Scott, you seem to be wielding my film criticism at me as a weapon as though I don't know films well enough to be a critic.

Yes, I am an amateur critic.

Yes.

I submit my criticisms to rotten tomatoes and they are rejected.

And sure, I make my living as a businessman.

Okay.

I don't trade anymore.

I am the CEO of a mattress and sheet manufacturing company.

For orgies.

Well, for sometimes, yes, they are non-absorbent mattresses, sheets, pillows, non-absorbent.

Non-absorbent.

For individuals and couples who are into piss play or just excessive oil use.

Oh, so they're expressly made for this?

Yeah.

Well, and I, okay, I'll see you guys giggling and laughing, but after you get slammed by a bus and break every bone in your body, you know, it loosens you up about that kind of stuff.

And sure, you know, some people need that outlet and I provide them a source for that.

Okay.

So even the tiny bones in your ear were broken.

That's right.

They got it the worst of all.

Oh, God.

The tinier the bone, the worse the fracture somehow, the doctors have never seen anything like it.

Oh, that sounds terrible.

What about, you know, your main bone, if you know what I mean.

Or my penis.

Let's just say your penis.

Let's just say your dick.

If you will, your dick, if you will, my penis got pulverized guys.

It's there is actually no bone.

Believe it or not.

A lot of people don't know that when you get an erection, ever, I mean, everyone thinks that there's like a giant, like almost skeleton finger in it that makes it hard, but it's not a bone.

It actually fills up with blood.

And did you find that out?

Seasoning.

Of course.

Did you find that out the hard way?

I did.

I assumed it was a bone.

You know, I've trick or treated just like everybody else.

And I've seen the costumes and I've seen, you know, the little tailbone.

I thought that expanded.

Oh, yeah.

Not true.

But yet I still suffered a pulverized penis.

Did you have an erection when the bus slammed into you?

And you, because it's a rock that first time doing that Quaker Road trade.

And so, so when the bus slammed into you, I would imagine just blood everywhere.

Oh, it was a messy.

It was a lot of water.

Hmm.

Yeah.

Well, our bodies are made, I think 73% of them are made up of water or something like that.

And you really can't cook anything without water.

So it's something that, oh, okay.

All right.

And we are.

Lots of my seasonings don't have salt in them.

So lots of mine do.

My penis is a real bone.

And it calls people to their deaths like this.

What?

Oh my gosh.

Wait, what just happened?

I've never slept with him for that reason.

You've never.

Okay.

See, this is probably why your marriage is failing and why you're looking outside your marriage.

So, sex won't save a marriage.

It's that's in the Bible.

But not like I walked into perverted stuff.

Did I interrupt it or do you hear something?

I'm so sorry.

No, it's not an orgy because now we have three, a three men.

Yeah.

Well, work.

It's peculiar that he would say it's perverted when he makes sheets strictly for the abuse of fucking people who had to piss, play and oils, excessive oils.

That's interesting.

And excuse my French.

I didn't mean to say fucking because that's when it starts to cross a line.

Right.

I can say different tenses.

I can say fuck or fuck.

Any response to that?

They're bud, freaky.

You know what?

Apologies.

I stepped it.

And you know what?

And this is kind of what I came on here.

Are you asking for one or you were giving one?

I was giving one.

And on a larger sense, I really, I thought this would be a great place to.

That would be funny, Mary, if someone said, hey, apologies and then expected people to give it to give them apologies.

I said apologies.

Every one of you.

Yeah.

My workforces asked for an apology and I guess it's a good time to do that.

You guys might have heard.

Well, I guess you didn't know about my business.

But yeah, I have been accused of ushering in a bit of a toxic environment there.

And I would like to say I'm sorry for being a tough boss and bullying some of my employees.

Well, what do you mean?

I hadn't heard any of the, I guess I haven't read this in any newspaper or anything, but your business has been under the sheet mattress magazines.

Not per se.

No.

I mean, not since they stopped giving newcomer of the year back 10 years ago.

Yeah, that was messed up.

Why do they stop?

I guess they just started giving too many, just the same, you can't have the same newcomer twice.

Well, I mean, it's right there in the title newcomer, you know, I mean, they should just switch over to old comers.

Yeah.

Keep it going.

Yeah.

Well, anyway, it was the story of the magazine that my sheet company was just, it not the place to work from and I was a big jerk, but I mean, you guys know me.

You guys have been around.

This is the real me.

I'm not hiding anything.

And maybe it's the fact that I got run over by a bus just makes me a little bit more passionate about mattresses, sheets, pillows.

Okay.

But what were you doing to the employees?

Yeah.

I mean, right now you say we know you and we know you're cool.

I don't really know.

I've talked to you for 10 minutes.

I'm cool as hell.

And like, okay, your bus accident made you more passionate, but then also you're in trouble at your business.

Did you have to get all new employees?

Did you have to start over?

Did you, did you go through some personal changes to not be a bully anymore?

There's a lot of questions, but I think you can remember them all and answer.

Right.

Yeah.

I remember all of those.

Yes.

Most of my employees walked out and they said they tried to get other people not to join my workforce.

They accused me of giving them long hours, not letting them take breaks, but I know life is short.

Well, I mean, they don't need breaks because they can just shit on the mattresses.

Yeah.

That's exactly it.

Great.

Out of there.

And you guys know me, you guys know I'm the coolest guy around.

I'm not a jerk, you know.

I've never met you, beloved.

I've never met you.

You say good to me.

I don't know you to be cool.

Oh, thank you.

Okay.

So we got one guy who thinks it's cool.

The other three of us, you know, quite frankly, have no opinion of you.

We don't know you that well, but it doesn't sound like what you've been saying is all that bad.

You were mean to you.

Do you know that a cool who get hit by buses regularly?

Let's just say.

Yeah.

That's not a cool person.

At a certain point, I would think that buses are aiming for you.

I have theorized that myself, Scott, that perhaps the buses are seeking me out.

Was there something else you were doing that made the bus want to hit you?

The first bus.

I mean, I was in the middle of the street.

That one was on me.

The amphibious bus.

I think that's on the amphibious bus.

Were you in the ocean or were we're in the river?

I was in the river.

Where you wait a minute.

You weren't one of those people that on the pilot, Sully Solenberger's plane landed on that river and you were swimming to shore.

Right, we all in the air.

There's no buses.

Although you wouldn't like his brothers.

I'll tell you that much.

What's the story with his brother?

I guess you're not a listener anyway.

But what were you doing in the river there in order to get hit by this amphibious?

Oh, well, I was looking for home run baseballs.

I thought maybe they had walked down the river from Yankee Stadium.

What year was this and who was on the Yankees that was making you think that you could find some of these?

This was 2001.

Okay.

Yeah, shortly after 9-11 it was Yankees, Diamondbacks.

And yeah, that was my man Derek Jeter.

Oh, okay.

So you're looking for Derek Jeter's baseballs.

And suddenly this bus plows into you.

Plows into me out of nowhere.

And I was in the middle of making a trade.

Yeah.

So you're looking for baseballs in the middle of the river on the phone making a trade.

Yeah, that's right.

And 2001, by the way, cell phones were still, they were like the flip phones and you know, flip flows, it was a razor.

Okay.

Brand new razor.

I was loaded at the time.

It was a great year for me.

Okay.

I keep pausing, expecting you to fill in more detail.

Yeah.

But should I not do that anymore?

Should I just?

Well, yeah.

I mean, I keep thinking, hey, we're going to talk about movies.

We're going to talk about other parts of my life, my family.

Well, hey, how is your business going now?

Businesses and how are your kids going?

Businesses booming.

It's a family business.

I'm bringing the kids into the business.

Okay.

They are loving selling water resistant sheets, pillows, mattresses, the pillow business is booming, Scott.

Yeah.

Well, I would imagine, you know, the my pillow guy, apparently he's his pillows are no longer sold at Bed Bath and Beyond.

There's an opening there maybe.

Yeah.

You could get in there, you know?

Yeah.

My pillows are available to everybody.

His seem pretty Christian focused.

Well, also his are aimed at a singular consumer, my pillow.

No, what about our pillows?

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Like marketing.

Unity pillows.

I'll tell you what, I'm not sharing no pillows with Mr.

Dash.

Wow.

Really?

Well, you're always sleeping in separate beds and have never screwed.

Well, I'm a blood drooler.

What?

Oh my God.

He literally draws blood because he has, he took, he took out his own wisdom teeth.

And they still haven't healed?

Not yet.

Yeah, you can get dry sockets too.

That's tough.

Yeah, but my sockets are very wet.

They're wet as hell, it sounds like.

So, I mean, maybe there's a match here.

Maybe, you know, bud, Frankly, you could sell, you know, Mr.

Dash here, one of your mattresses or your pillowcases, you know, and there will be probably more.

Money is the life.

You guys could use the whole kit and caboodle.

Money is the object.

My wife has a ton of it.

Why is money no object?

My wife, my wife has a ton of life.

My life.

My life, my life, my life, my life, my life, my wife, my wife and the sunshine.

Not a fan of that movie, Borat.

Really?

Well, because he's so distracting, you think like you're watching Borat walk down the street, a bus driver could go right off the road.

It hit somebody.

It's just, you know, being distracted by his antics.

Mm hmm.

And were these all different bus drivers?

It sounds like maybe someone, I don't want to, I'm not a doctor or an investigator.

Yeah, they, I mean, they had to be different bus drivers.

They could possibly be the same guy, could it?

I think it was the same guy.

It's a good theory.

And I've, you know, you're not an investigator, but I have spent years trying to get my investigation license to track this son of a bitch down.

What's preventing you from getting the license?

Well, you got to move to a certain state.

I think Missouri is the easiest state to get your private investigator license.

So I had to live there for five years.

But you still never got it?

I keep failing the test, Scott.

Okay.

What's on the test?

Like, what are some of the questions?

If you don't mind me asking.

No, it's a lot of, you know, picture, they show you a picture and then they show you a picture that looks almost identical and you got to figure out what is the difference between the two.

This sounds like you're just reading Jack and Jill magazine before the test.

Are you sure that this is part of the test?

This is the psyche.

The psyche.

Val.

Yeah, this is the psyche.

Val.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take another break if that's okay.

Your, your story.

No way.

Well, you know, we need to just give everyone a breather here for a second, let everyone regroup.

You know, I want to get your thoughts together here, bud, frankly, because it sounds like you were not here to talk about the bus accident.

No, no, it sounds like the most interesting part of your life.

If I may be honest, that you were hit by the same guy.

I want to follow up on that on the other side of this break.

We'll be right back with more Mr. and Mrs. Dash, more Mary Lynn Rice cub, more bud, frankly, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here and Mary Lynn Rice cub live at the pandemic February two.

People can get that on Vimeo at marylinmerrylin.com.

We also have Mr. and Mrs. Dash.

AKA.

Say it did it again, Scott.

It's hard to say Mrs. and Mr.

Why?

Because for the entire time I've been alive.

Yeah, I know people always say Mr. and Mrs.

But you're right.

We need to start retraining our mouths to say Mrs. and Mr.

Don't we?

Yes, try it.

Mrs. and Mr. Dash.

It's definitely possible.

I had to retrain my mouth to speak completely after the bus accident.

How did you speak before?

Well, I'm from Queens. I had a thick Queens accent.

Yeah, because you're from the south.

Yeah, it's just how I retrained my mouth to speak.

And now this is.

Did you have like a speech therapist that's from the south?

We have we have various characters who are always from the south on this show.

And just did I got beat therapist after therapist.

They were all southern.

Oh, and we'll have to have them on a future episode.

Some people from the south got.

Yeah, that's what happens.

But I want to follow up.

But frankly, you've been hit five times by a bus.

You you think it's the same driver.

What leads you to believe that?

Well, a lot of taunting letters I get in the mail.

Like from the zodiac killer or something?

Like, yeah, I thought nothing of it until I.

It took me years to.

I thought nothing of it.

Yeah, I thought they were just gibberish.

Someone was sending me wing dings or something like that.

But no, they it was code and it was taunting.

And it was how did you crack the code?

Did you get some sort of code breaker in there or a cryptologist?

Yeah, finally, I think he got frustrated because I was just rigid.

I was blowing these things off and they weren't effective on me.

And so you sent you the key?

Yeah, he sent me the kind of the Rosetta stone to figure these things out.

And luckily I saved some of these.

I wish I hadn't solved them.

They're pretty mean, Scott.

Oh, OK, what were some of the what was some of the content therein?

Just about how I'm a failure as a man, a lover, a father.

OK, as a lover, that leads me to believe that the culprit is maybe a former flame of yours.

Father check that out.

Mother of your children.

Yeah, that was my of your child suspect.

Yeah, who's who's the mother of your children?

Mother of my children.

Oh, yeah, my ex.

So I called her up.

That was a big mistake.

What did she say?

Well, she wanted nothing to do with me.

And she was like, lose my number.

You freak.

OK.

And then I'm hearing it from her.

I mean, she made fun of me in a completely different way than this bus driver did.

Oh, really?

Well, my ex cannot drive a bus.

OK, interesting.

So and your ex has never taken any sort of class C license test or anything like that.

She has, yeah.

Why did you say she can't drive a bus?

I mean, when I was in the car with her, she couldn't drive, Scott.

She was criticizing her driving.

Is that what you're saying?

I mean, she couldn't drive to save her life.

I know why she's driving a bus.

What's your job?

If you don't mind me asking.

Well, she's worked for the Department of Transportation.

The Department of Transportation is some aspect.

That's where the checks come from.

OK.

So you've never asked her what she does for a living.

I never asked her.

I don't want to spend any more time on the phone with her.

She's already taken enough of my money from the sheet business.

Were you guys married or is she your ex girlfriend or was it a one night stand?

How do you not know anything about her?

Yeah, it was a one night stand.

And she's my ex, girlfriend.

I mean, we were dating that one night.

We had a woman.

Is that what I'm saying about me taking the pauses expecting you to continue with more information?

That's what I'm talking about right there.

You just repeated back what I said and then stopped.

Right.

Well, I keep assuming that you got follow up questions.

There it is again.

I don't even want to be talking about this bus accident.

Well, I mean, we're talking about your ex.

Yeah, we're talking about your love.

We're talking about my lover, my ex lover in as though she hit me by a bus.

How do you have multiple kids if it was a one night stand?

I think she saved my semen somehow.

They'd be doing it.

Yes.

Oh, please.

I've heard that.

Mr. Dash, your semen doesn't even work.

Remember what the doctor told us?

You're shooting blanks.

Listen.

He didn't say the word blanks.

What did he say?

He said they were negative.

He said, well, I'm not they go even further up in me.

So they're so they'll like kill anything inside.

Is that your doctor?

Your medical doctor?

Well, I'm parasite.

Oh, God.

Oh, sounds horrible.

So you so look, I have to say bud, frankly, I would really take a look at your ex as the perpetrator.

Yes, because she has a bus license and she doesn't like me.

Yeah, most crimes of passion are inflicted upon the victim by a loved one, or at least someone who's close to them.

And the fact that you're receiving these.

That's good.

I got to remember that for the next time I take the detective test.

I never it sounds like to me like you've never made it past the psych eval.

I have not.

I keep valid.

That is the one speed bump that is stopping me from.

It's a major one.

Yeah.

Do you wish there were speed bumps by the way on Wall Street?

Oh, God, they need them.

I keep lobbying every city I am in to install more speed bumps and more of those like rattling things that make a loud noise when you run over drive over them.

I'm the side of the highway.

I guess I don't know what you're talking about.

That's when you.

Yeah.

Yeah, you start drifting off.

It starts going crackle crackle crackle.

The little bumps there that I see.

Yeah, little bumps.

Were you were you run over?

Where were the other three times were some of them in Missouri?

Yeah.

Two times were on my way to two times were in Missouri on my way to the detective test.

Again, I was making a trade that was that's that that fifth time I was like, all right, I am done trading.

Okay.

So that was the distraction you thought that was leading the bus to drive into you.

So the fifth time, were you aware?

Were you alert?

Were you looking out for buses?

I thought I had been hit by so many buses that there is no way I am going to get hit.

I thought I was bus proof at that point.

So I stood in the middle of the through way and I stared at a bus and I said, bring it off.

Wow.

And and did the buses stick around to help you or did they drive off each time or?

They drove off every time they drove away and not once have they stopped.

I think most of the time they don't even realize that they are hitting somebody.

Really?

I mean, they are just plowing over me.

Have you heard the driver make any remarks as they continued on or anything like that?

Fuck you, you were a huge mistake stuff like that.

Yeah, this is I mean, I don't know, Mr. and Mrs. Dash, Mary Lynn, I got to think this is the X.

It definitely sounds like the X, but the more I'm hearing these stories, the more remarkable that you're able to not die.

I mean, I don't mean to say it like that, but I mean, maybe you're immortal.

Have you ever thought about that?

You might be.

Yeah, if I wasn't in such horrific pain all the time, well, just because you are in pain doesn't mean you're not immortal.

It just means you're not.

Yeah, I could be.

I could live forever like the movie Highlander, which I loved.

Really?

No buses in that, right?

No buses.

Well, I like the stuff in the past.

Right.

Yeah.

Once it gets to the modern day, once it gets to the modern day, I'm like, this is starting to lose me a little bit.

But yeah, the stuff with the castles and stuff.

What do you think of that third Ninja Turtles movie where they travel back to feudal Japan?

Oh, that's my favorite of all the Ninja Turtles movies.

Yeah, there's a samurai suits.

There's these manholes and buses and pizza delivery cars.

And you know, where were they?

Where were they when I got hit by a bus?

Who the pizza delivery cars?

Yeah, or the or the Ninja Turtles.

Oh, okay.

I didn't wonder why we that was the last thing we thought of.

We're always thinking you could have punched down into the manhole.

I was thinking the pizza delivery car could have run over to help you.

But you were thinking of the Ninja Turtles.

Yeah, they're fake.

Question, is any Ninja Turtles movie watchable?

Finally, for 2021, we are back on the subject of the Ninja Turtles movies.

It is not relegated to our spinoff show.

We have to stop talking TMNT on CBB.

Are they watchable?

You'll have to listen to that show to find out, Marylin.

Although I would love to have you on it if we ever do another episode.

Is this a real show?

This is a real show where we talk about the turtles.

I apologize that I haven't listened to it already, Scott.

That's quite all right.

Well, we'll get on a text chain.

We'll get on the same page.

Don't too worry about it.

I want in.

You got to get on the same page.

Yeah, go on in.

No, I'll be on the text chain.

Oh, you want in on the text chain?

Yeah.

Just watch out where you're texting.

It can be very distracting if you're walking around texting.

You're just asking to get it.

Oh, you will not be on the text chain, but if we can get Mrs. Dash, we can have a text chain orgy.

That's right.

Two and two, just like Chuck Woolery.

If we got his bus driving X on the text chain, then we could get a big orgy boffin.

Yeah.

And we could find out where he's at at all times and make sure that he gets run over or maybe I mean, I don't want that.

I do believe you're immortal, but yeah.

I mean, I hope so.

Have you ever tried to test that theory?

I have tried to kill myself.

Yes.

And I have failed, but I think it was more my in-emptitude.

Your own ineptitude.

And how did you go about?

And by the way, you know, if anyone is hearing this and is triggered by this, call that number that Logicon had on his t-shirt on TV awards.

I would have been watching that video that that actor posted who I really like.

It's pretty powerful.

Which actor you're a movie critic.

Gal Gadot?

Imagine?

No, the guy from usual suspects Kevin Space.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, no.

Anyways, pretty powerful video that like if you're like upset and feeling it save my life, I mean, talk me out of some stuff.

So Kevin Spacey saved your life.

Kevin Spacey saved my life.

Wow.

Yeah, so watch that video.

It is inspiring.

So bud, you got to take care of yourself.

I mean, you know, you say that you're a business owner and I know you're a mattress salesman.

And look, honestly, I could have talked to you just about your mattresses for a while.

But really, you are a bus accident survivor.

That is the main thing about you.

And I think you will be continuing to survive bus accidents as long as your ex stays on the loose.

Yeah, if it is her and I don't want to start any litigation or point fingers in the wrong direction because I don't have any evidence.

And again, I am not a detective.

You have a lot of evidence.

You have all of those letters that were written by.

I do have the letters.

They and the and the code breaking ring that she sent me.

Yes, it is a ring.

And yes, it does look like you get a cereal box.

What's it look like?

It resembles our wedding ring that I gave her after our one night stand.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, we only have one final feature on the show and it's a little something called plugs.

Oh, I want to do a little one.

Will it answer a quick?

Oh, it's really quick.

Thanks for that.

That was I want a new plug by Chuck no blitz.

I hope I'm pronouncing that correctly.

Thank you, Chuck, no, but and or noblet.

And if you have a plug theme, send it on in and you can be played on this show.

All right.

What are we plugging?

Mary Lynn, obviously live at the pandemic starting February 2nd.

People can pay for this on Vimeo.

How much we talking?

What's MRP?

Oh, I don't know.

MSRP.

I think it's around 599.

Whoa, that's a steal at twice the price.

That's usable.

It might be eight.

That would be a steal still.

Yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

Let's check it out.

Anything else going on with you that you want to talk about?

I started TikTok as a middle-aged woman.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, what is your TikTok handle?

It's my full name, Mary Lynn Ricecob.

Mary Lynn Ricecob.

And of course that is spelled R-A-J-S-K-U-B.

TikTok is fun.

I have to admit.

Hey, you didn't have to, but I'm glad you did.

Thank you.

Mrs. and Mr. Dash, what are we plugging here?

Anything out there?

I got just season your food.

And that's the big one.

Let's say it's season your food.

That's all I've got.

It's a program on the weekends late at night that bleeds into Sunday.

It's mainly a Sunday.

I know the program you're talking about.

It's mainly a Sunday morning program.

Promo the yes.

But they call it something misleading, don't they?

It's very misleading.

And I've been making it my personal mission to have that name changed.

It's sneaky.

It should be called Sunday morning live, but instead they call it Saturday night live.

Saturday night live, which is so interesting.

It truly does bleed into Sunday.

When does that come back?

It comes back very soon.

This week Saturday, this Saturday in fact.

This Saturday, so January 30th?

That feels right.

I wouldn't expect you to know you're not on the show.

I don't know.

I'm just a fan.

Yes, January 30th.

Oh, who's the host?

Have they announced that?

They haven't announced I've heard it.

You can tell us.

I'll tell you guys.

But by the time this comes out, Shirley, that news will be released.

Shirley, they'll have announced it.

Who is it?

Shirley, no.

It's an actor.

He's white.

Kevin Spacey?

Oh, rolling off of that all of the acclaim from his Christmas video.

I got to check that out.

Might save a life tonight.

Mr. Dash, anything you want to promote?

Oh, tons.

Tons.

I want to plug the news.

Watch the 10 o'clock news.

I'm going to be on there.

I saw the whole thing.

And I'm going to be on the news.

I'm going to be on there.

I saw the whole thing.

And before that, on Tuesday, February 16th, you can watch the Keenan show, starring Keenan Thompson on NBC at 8 p.m.

The National Broadcasting Company.

And you're interested in that, too?

Yeah.

I'm a big fan of Keenan.

I'm a fan of the film by Sean Clem is a Hayes Davenport of Hollywood Handbook fame.

Oh, yeah.

They left the network.

Did they ever drop the act?

I still don't know.

Okay.

And Karl Tart is on that.

He also has a show where he calls his cousin and they just have a nice little phone conversation.

All right.

Where can people get this?

On patreon.com.

Patreon.com.

Just any specific patreon.com or slash the flagrant ones.

Okay.

Bud Frickley.

What do you want to plug?

Well, I love for people to check out my movie review blog.

It's busaccidentvictim.com.

Wow.

So you got bus accident victim.

Yeah.

That's the only thing I could get.

Every other website name was taken.

We finally have got there where every other name was taken.

Yeah.

It's all I could get.

I don't want to be known as the bus accident guy, but that was all that was available.

Yeah.

So yeah, I'm lobbying, rotten tomatoes.

You know, juris still out.

Also, I've been checking out.

Sounds like they're not out that they've returned and they've said no.

Yeah, they're they've said no.

And I said, well, maybe we should deliberate again and hopefully not how it happens with juries.

Usually the verdict is final.

Again, I failed the detective test.

Yeah.

No, no.

I mean, you didn't even get to the detective test is how I would put it.

Yeah.

And that's a failure of sorts.

Sure, of course.

So, what are you plugging?

I can't even remember that.

Well, the podcast action boys on Patreon, you can check it out at actionboys.biz.

Aren't they a competitor of yours where they review movies?

Yeah.

Yeah, they're a big competitor of mine.

Go to them.

Listen for yourself and make up your own mind.

Yeah, decide which one's better.

Okay, great.

I want to plug, you know, hey, it's coming up on February 14th.

Always a good time to watch Michael Bolton's big sexy Valentine's Day special over there on Netflix, the Valentine's special that we made a couple of years back, me and the Lonely Island with great people in it.

Andy Samberg, Maya Rudolph, Sarah Silverman.

So many great people in it.

Check that out.

Would love to, even though it will never happen, would love to do another one.

All right.

We're going to close up the bag, but before we do that, we've been sent another remix.

This is by human neighbor.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting the little I missed.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You got to open up the bag.

Open it up.

Open up the bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open up the bag.

Make sure you got eyes and heels.

Don't mess around with it.

Make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

You make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

Open it up.

Don't mess around.

Open up the bag.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Oh, so good.

Thank you to human neighbor for that remix.

Which one do you like best?

I think we've played three remixes at this point.

I'm not sure if we have any more, but if you have a remix, send it to us and we'd love to hear you.

It's growing on me.

I don't know what you guys thought of it, but we have a new one every year.

That one's growing on me.

It seems long though.

I feel like they could make it a little longer.

One of their instructions was to be shorter than the previous year, which I think they did, but it still is long.

I had a verse.

Sure.

Why not?

A bridge.

You should be a songwriter.

That's a great idea.

Let's hear a little something.

What do you got?

Mmm, yeah.

Well, I have to pull for my life and I don't want to.

Right.

What do you know?

Yeah.

So it'll probably be about movie reviews and stuff like that.

I don't know that I've ever heard a song about movie reviews, so I think it's uncharted territory.

Yeah, it'd probably be about movie reviews, pissing on sheets, stuff like that.

Sure.

If you can tackle both of those subjects in one song, I think you got something.

I think it's a hit.

So thanks to you, Bud Frickly and Mary Lynn, always great to see you.

Thank you so much for taking time for the show and I hope that you would decorate that wall behind you and the rest of your house.

Thank you.

At some point, please, let's get on that text chain and I want in.

Yeah, he wants in Mr. Dash.

Thanks for coming on the show and you've gotten back in the car, it looks like.

Yep.

I'm out of here.

Oh, no, Mrs. Dash, are you going to know?

You need to wait for me.

I'm going to ride.

Babe, you're going to ride.

I'm going to ride.

Are you starting?

He's starting it up.

Right now, right now, right now, right now, right now, right now.

Gail the dog.

Oh, no.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Bye.

Here it goes.

Oh, no.
