---
layout: page
title: 691. Tim Baltz, Shaun Diston, Lily Sullivan [f25a65a3-08c5-4668-89ec-acc2002893e0].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ That's one small step for man, that's another small step for man.

This man takes small steps.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mm, thank you to Grundle Stiltskin.

Grundle Stiltskin for that incredible catchphrase submission.

And speaking of incredible, welcome to an incredible episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

That's right, we are now tip deep in Febi Debi, first Monday of Febi Debi.

And 2021, I tell you, I was thinking about this.

The 2010s were awesome for me.

2020s?

I've been total shit at this point.

But we hope that you're having a good time, at least, on this Monday in Febi Debi.

And my name is Scott Ochrebin.

And we have an incredible show coming up.

A little later, we have a plumber.

And we also have a world-renowned therapist will be on the show.

So, I mean, I don't know if there's any crossover there, whether the therapist can help the plumber with whatever his or her issues are.

But we'll find that out.

But before we get to those guests, I do want to bring on...

He's been on the show before.

And to be quite frank, I do not remember how to describe him.

He's a person.

He certainly is a person.

He's humanoid.

He is made up of molecules and skin, blood, a bile, semen, the rest.

The rest of the body gets Professor Mary Ann's dad is there.

The rest.

DNA certainly is residing within his body.

But he is our old friend.

And I don't even know if he has a job, so I won't even presume to say what his occupation is.

But our old friend, Randy Snuts, is here.

Hello, Randy.

How's it going, Scott?

Thanks for putting all that respect on my name.

Of course, I would do nothing less when it comes to our old friend Randy Snuts.

Randy, remind our viewers why I'm talking to you.

Who are you again?

So I'm just like a laid back chill dude who likes to mix it up with my pals.

I've been on the show like five times before, so...

I know.

I remember talking to you, but I guess this is an interview show.

This is of course humanity's podcast, formerly known as the show where we talk to interesting people.

And you are sort of interesting, but I'm wondering why a new listener would be interested in...

I mean, most of our guests have something unique about them, unique New York.

And you can say like last week we had a bus accident victim.

It's like, oh, not everyone in the world has survived a bus accident.

But what is it about you?

Why did I first talk to you in the first place?

Well, the first time that you talked to me was because I worked at your favorite restaurant, Dodomios.

And I used to fill the urinals with ice.

Right.

And the reason...

Was that your one job?

That was my one job at Dodomios.

But I got fired for filling it with ice while people were peeing.

It seems to be a hard job to fuck up in that way, but you did it.

Yep, I'd be like, excuse me.

And then I pour the ice into their piece.

Sure, no, we know.

Yeah, we know exactly how...

Into their pee stream.

And the fun thing about peeing on ice is you get to watch it melt and it gives you a sense of accomplishment.

Were you trying to do that so it would melt quicker so you would have more to do so there would be more reason to keep you on the payroll?

Yeah, exactly.

We worked on commission.

You'd get paid for however much ice you got melted by people's pee.

How would they quantify that?

I don't know how they would measure it.

So I used to see you over at Dodomios.

And did we strike up a conversation there and I said come on the show?

Is that what happened?

Yeah, probably.

I mean, I struck up conversation with you a ton of times and you ignored me like Jon Ham ignores people at, I don't know, whatever booth he's sitting in at Little Dom's.

That's give it away some secrets there.

What's up, Hammer?

Don't hurt him.

He'd be like, yep, get the fuck away from my table.

Oh, please Hammer, don't hurt him.

Boy, have a hard hammer.

Look in your heart, Hammer.

Please hold on.

Yes, kids.

So you were on the show and I found your lifestyle to be very intriguing.

Essentially, as you described it, you hang out and chill with your buddies, right?

That's true.

And I tried to avoid needless drama and scandal through the exploits of my girlfriend who's a known provocateur Carissa.

That's right.

Carissa.

So you're still with Carissa.

Is that true or is that false or something in between?

Currently, Carissa and I are on a break because she kept breaking quarantine.

No, what was she doing?

I mean, she was just trying to live her best life while everyone else was staying at home and trying to keep people safe.

But what else could you expect from a duplicitous, devious person like Carissa?

That's right.

For our new listeners, how long have you been with Carissa?

Right now, it's probably going on like seven or eight years.

OK, and what was it two years ago?

Probably, well, let's see, seven or eight minus two, five or six years.

OK, I just I don't know why you said right now.

Is it like, am I asking at some point in the past or the future?

No, I'm asking right now.

You know when like one person in a relationship has like a hard start time for the relationship?

But the other person is like, I didn't think I was serious for the first four months.

Sure.

OK, so you what was your first date though or your first encounter?

Our first encounter was hanging out in the backyard of my friend Mark Padavano's house.

OK, was he having a party or were did you guys just hop the fence or what?

How did this backyard meet meetup take place?

He made flyers for what's known as a bags tournament.

And we do you know the big game bags?

I don't know the game bags is it's similar to what am I thinking of Donkey Kong?

No, what am I thinking of the corn hole?

Yeah, yeah, it's corn hole for people that live outside of Ohio.

Oh, OK, so it's OK got it.

So you were having a bags tournament?

Yeah, we're having a bags tournament and doing a doing bond beer bongs off of.

Do they call those rips beer, bong rips?

Yeah, beer, bong rips.

Oh, so we were doing beer, bong rips.

He lives in a one floor house.

So the beer, bong started on the roof and then people would pour multiple beers and we'd be doing rips.

And then if you survived the rips, we were doing whippets.

And that's when Carissa walked in the back and I had kind of a dream weaver moment and then I passed out.

Oh, OK, so you did you pass out from seeing her or the whippets or what exactly happened?

Most likely the whippets because she's probably like a seven and a half.

OK, and a seven and a half in what city?

Oh, Chabloygan, Wisconsin.

Oh, OK, so a one out here maybe.

Ouch, goddamn.

Coastal elite laying it down.

So but a seven and a half out there that you Wow, amazing.

And then when you woke up and you opened your eyes, was she there or was it a different day and your boys were there?

It was a different day and my boys were there and they were like, you made quite an impression because she loves tragic cases.

And I was like, Oh, oh, this could spell doom for Randy and a D O O M.

The D O O M.

Yeah.

So and then when did you actually get together with Carissa?

Probably like a week later.

OK.

Yeah, a week.

So that's not going to affect the seven or eight year thing, just a week.

Yeah, but I mean, a week later, we hooked up, but then like four months later, she's like, like, why are you acting this way?

We've been dating for four months.

And I was like, deaf, who.

So you didn't know that you were exclusive at this point?

No, not at all.

I mean, I wasn't seeing anyone else because my prospects were dim.

So so it was not that hard for you to say, OK, well, let's keep it.

Sclusi from this moment on.

That's right.

So Carissa got the Sclusi and then we've been like seeing each other ever since, but it's been filled with drama shenanigans list off some of the drama we've talked about a little bit of it on previous episodes, but remind us what what exact I mean, Chris is scandalous, as you say?

Yeah, absolutely.

So I'm going to be doing this for you.

I'm going to be doing this for you.

How did she take the news?

Were you guys quarantining together?

She took it lying down because I set it while she was asleep.

Then I ran out with all my stuff.

Oh, okay.

Did you leave her a note? Did she know where you went?

I texted her later.

Yeah.

That's the end of that story.

I could go into detail about what the text was, but it was pretty brief.

The thing is you don't want to awaken a sleeping beast.

In this metaphor, Carissa is the beast.

Sure.

Sleep is sleep.

She was sleeping.

Not wanting to wake her is not wanting to wake her.

Everything but the beast.

He's a one-to-one.

Yeah.

I packed a duffel bag full of my stuff and then a second duffel bag full of some things for my quarantine hobbies and some puzzles and games and things.

Now, where are you living?

My friend Mark Pat of Anos house.

Oh, with a backyard where you first met.

That's got to be bittersweet.

He's a good friend.

Yeah.

What's he up to during the quarantine?

He mostly shit posts online.

He's kind of a libertarian.

Okay.

But a great friend.

Yeah.

A great friend.

Blood is thicker than water.

Sure.

And he's okay with you even though technically you didn't quarantine for two weeks before coming into his residence.

He's okay with you staying over there?

No, I stayed in my car outside his place for two weeks and then I came inside.

How was that?

It wasn't great because it was kind of cold outside.

Any time I had to shower before going to work, he would kind of hose me down in his backyard.

From a distance?

Yeah.

At least six feet.

Wow.

Okay.

So it hoses you down naked or you, you know, in clothes while he does this, have to dry then or what?

Yeah.

I was in either black or brown boxers because I'm like, I'm not one of those guys who's like, Hey gang, let's go shower together after the big game.

Sure.

Wait, what?

Well, you know how after the big game, a lot of guys were like, let's pile into the shower.

You know, what big game are we talking like watching someone watching a big game like the Super Bowl and then you shower with your friends or are you playing a game?

Is this all West Coast elitist thing like, Hey, what a great Super Bowl.

Let's get in the shower, everybody.

I don't know.

That's what I'm wondering about you.

No, I'm at like a sports game like, you know, like in high school, like let's hit the shower.

And is this a metaphor like what we were talking about before?

No, this is real.

I just imagine when I was growing up, I just never wanted to get in the shower with guys.

What is hard about this?

Okay.

So you never showered with guys from in PE classes, physical education, of course, throughout your junior high and high school experience.

Yes, correct.

And why is that?

Are you ashamed of your body or you or you just think it's weird like I do that we're forcing junior high and high school students to be naked together.

Call me and call me.

I'm strange, isn't it?

Yeah, I mean, if you're Catholic, why wouldn't you have shame about your body?

Sure.

So you are Catholic.

Yeah, absolutely.

Okay.

How strict are you?

How, how, how religious are you on a scale of, you know, zero being an atheist, ten being the pope?

Okay.

Well, by West Coast elite standards, I'm probably ten, the pope.

Oh, by heartland standards, I'm probably like a three and a half.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

Goes the other way.

Amazing.

So you're good friend Mark.

He's hosting you down and, but now you're in there with him and Chris, has she tried to contact you?

Yeah, absolutely.

She comes by and she like knocks on the door and she tries to go around back and like she scaled the fence once and we had to hose her down until she left.

It's a mess because like, you know, as much as I complain about Carissa, she's got it bad for me.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

It's almost like the shoe is on the other foot.

You know, if you only own one shoe, that's a terrible problem to have.

So you got to keep switching feet, but, you know, you're usually chasing her and buying her presents whenever she is mad and undergoes the scandalous behavior.

And suddenly you're the one that scandalous in a way.

I mean to her, yeah.

The tables have finally turned on Carissa and now she knows what it feels like to like be at the mercy of someone who's duplicitous and not putting up with a crap anymore.

That's right.

I mean, you were a duplicitous in the way of you just snuck out the backjack without, you know, ever alerting her to the fact that you were leaving.

I mean, that's kind of cowardly, I have to say.

What?

If you would, Matt Carissa, you would never say that escaping her clutches is cowardly. You'd say it's heroic and brave.

I want her to come on the show at some point.

Yeah. Okay. We'll see about that.

Okay. Who knows if you guys are even getting back together, but yeah, if we get back together, maybe she'll come on the show and then it'll be exhibit A for how duplicitous she can be.

Right. Do you ever, I mean, what are the chances you get back together with her? I mean, at this point, you know, I mean, at this point, it's a health and safety concern for you.

Yeah, exactly. I would say I would get back together with Carissa if number one, she's very nice to me.

Number two, I get horny enough and number three, at least 80% of her family that stormed the Capitol goes to prison.

Okay. So one and two, I think are going to happen.

Yeah. Not sure about, not sure about three.

Amen. Amen to what you just said, brother.

I bet 20% of her family goes to jail and one and two definitely happened.

I think two is happening right now, quite honestly. Yeah, no kidding. I'm not going to pan the camera down, but you know it.

Well, I wish you luck with Carissa. I mean, a romance like that that spans, what, five episodes you've been on.

I mean, our audiences want to know that you crazy kids will get it back together.

We will, but in the meantime, I've been doing a lot of things. I've been like brushing up on a lot of hobbies.

I just got into cooking banana bread. Oh, how's that going?

Pretty great. Number one pandemic hobby. Am I right?

That's right. Yeah. And so, but you've tasted the bread that you've made.

Oh, yeah. You got to taste everything that you make, Scott.

Okay. I think that's that's third base.

I think number two is happening right now.

I'm not sure your your voice got very sultry when he said that.

I'm just saying you look at a bunch of nasty bananas. It's time to make that bread.

Okay, I guess so. I don't know that I want. If you know what I mean, I don't know what you mean. I don't know that I want to know what you mean.

We'll just leave it there. So, didn't you at one point get arrested at a liquor store?

No, I got banned. I got banned from working at the convenience store of a gas station because I stole products and and got caught by yelling yolk.

That's right. Every time you would steal something, you would say yolk. You yelled it though.

You before you would you told us that you would just set it under your breath and you said it slightly too loud one time to where the owner heard you.

But you were yelling. Well, yeah, I mean, the older you get, the bolder you get.

So when I started steel and I was younger and I was whispering and then the older I got, the more I'd be like, yolk.

So in that case, you were okay with the steel. Yeah. Yeah.

But then the owner of the gas station, he's the one who stopped that steel.

Okay. I see what you're doing here. You're trying to confuse the narratives and rehabilitate some of these unsavory characters.

So do you have a job? I mean, you haven't been working, right? I mean, if you've been that tight on quarantine.

Yeah. No, I've been working from home. Um, doing what though? Well, initially, I was helping Mark Padavano with his website.

Oh, what's his website? What kind of website does he have?

He has a website that makes online ads for sports websites that redirects people to draftkings.com.

Okay. So if I'm getting this right, you're on a different sports website, like say, bar stool sports or something like that.

You click on an ad that then takes you to draftkings.com?

Yeah, exactly. But it's not an ad for draftkings.com.

No, it could be an ad for like, are you, are you concerned about your elderly parents and be like, oh, I'll click on this.

It's like draftkings.com. There goes my afternoon. Okay. So you're making the ads. So how do you, you're essentially tricking people into clicking on things. It's a trick click.

I will say it's a trick click. I'd say it's targeted marketing research that hits at people's deepest fears.

Okay. So what are the types of things?

All right. Well, definitely worrying about your elderly parents. Sure. Then sometimes we'll use the Chase Bank logo and we'll be like, oh, something's happening with your account.

And people will be like, huh? And they'll click on that and they'll be like, oh, my God, I need to bet on this. I need to bet on this December, Minnesota, Timber Wolves versus Sacramento Kings game ASAP.

What about the one about the cops hate this one trick to get you out of a DUI? Do you make those? Yeah, that was one of Mark Padavano's first ones along with a picture of a fat guy and then the picture of that guy skinny.

And he'd say, this guy lost 145 pounds. And here's why trainers hate him. So Mark Padavano is like a pioneer in this field. Oh, yeah, he's a devious guy. He has no scruples or morals.

So he's devious as well. I mean, he and Carissa would be perfect for each other. Yeah, but he's loyal to me to a fault because we're childhood friends and we've never let sexuality get in the way.

Okay. So he's never gotten sloppy seconds off something you've been with or vice versa.

Well, not with me. I mean, he's hooked up with Carissa a ton of times every time I break. Yeah. Every time we're on a break, he hooks up with her.

Wait, so he I mean, to me, that violates the broke code. Oh, man, you're right. I mean, he's not loyal to you to a fight.

And in fact, I wonder if he isn't with her when you're not on a break.

And then suddenly when the you're on a break, veil is lifted, you know, he's able to keep it out in the open. Oh, no, Scott, don't do this to me right now.

I'm going to start spiraling on this podcast. You haven't thought about any of these issues? No, I'm just happy to have a friend or in quarantine.

Wow. Well, how much is Mark paying you to do this? What kind of work? I got like, I get $15 an hour.

Oh, okay. How many hours does it take? I mean, sometimes it takes 12, 13 hours a day. Wow. I mean, this is not a bad gig.

I'm making really good money right now. Every time I feel insecure, I'm like, Hey, that would make a pretty good ad to get someone to click trick.

I mean, maybe maybe he's paying you just to keep you occupied. Maybe it's worth the $150 to him. You know, I mean, you know, it's better than paying for the other way.

Dang. This is devastating, Scott. I mean, I don't want to bring this kind of stuff up to you, but how many times has Mark Petavano has he been with Carissa?

I'm like in the past or the future. I don't know why you keep asking this. Yes. Are we talking about the present? Is he with her right now? Yes, in the fucking past.

Dang, I knew I'd get shit on on this podcast. I'm sorry. I do every time. I'm sorry. It's just, it's just my nature to push back on people.

Maybe I was hurt myself. I apologize. I shouldn't. I shouldn't lie to you. You're naughty by nature. And you're naughty by nurture. You were raised that way.

Yeah. That's right. I'm Catholic. We're all naughty by nurture. So how many times in the past then?

I mean, I break up with Carissa at least three times a year and Mark's been with her every single time. Wow. Seven or eight times. Seven or eight years. Seven or eight years times three is 21 to 24 times.

Yeah. And I mean, that's a, and he doesn't have a girlfriend or a wife, Mark. Oh, he's famously celibate. Celibate.

Other than when he's with her. Yeah. Yes. Yeah. That's right.

Okay. Yeah. I don't know. This is very fishy. Was he surprised to see you when you came, came by the house and slept in your car outside his house for two weeks?

Yeah. He was his words exactly were Randy Defuq. What are you doing? That's an exact quote. You can quote me on that.

Okay.

Well, Randy, I look, I love talking to you. I'm glad you came by. I'm sorry that you seem down. I didn't mean to, you know, exacerbate that.

No, it's all right. I mean, this kind of played out the same way that all my other appearances on this have played out a healthy amount of disrespect and then by the end, we're good buddies.

That's true. That's why you keep coming back. Absolutely.

Once a year, baby, put it in the books.

All right. Let's schedule 2022 while we're at it. It's like going to the dentist. Hey, do you want to schedule your cleaning for a year from now?

Well, we do have to take a break at this point. We still have much more show, though. We do have a therapist and God, Randy, out of anyone I know, you could use a therapist.

Amen to that. And she is world renowned. So that is exciting. We also have a plumber coming up on the show. And out of anyone I know, Randy, you could use a plumber.

No kidding. The dent. Am I right? That's right. All right.

We are going to come right back. We'll be right back with more Randy Snuts, more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We're back. Randy Snuts is here. The formerly known as the yoy. The yoy anchor. Is that safe to say? The little yoy anchor.

What's up? What's good? I'm here to yoy.

And currently staying over at Mike Padavano. So where does he live? Mark Padavano? Yeah, Mark Padavano. He lives about three blocks away from Carissa and I's old place.

Oh, okay. Great. Good to know. And coming up a little later, we have a world renowned therapist. That's very exciting.

But before we get to her, let's get to our next guest. He is, I already said he's a plumber, but apparently he is commonly known as the no stank plumber.

Please welcome Mike Ruby. Hello, Scott. It's me, Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber, Scott. How are you?

I am very good. It's very good to have you on the show.

Guy, I'm so glad to be here to be advertising on your show.

I don't know that you're advertising as much as you're on the show.

I'm going to talk to you if we if we. If Mike Ruby appearance is an advertisement, you understand me, Scott?

Do we need to hashtag this as ad then right now or? Yeah, yeah, we should probably do a quick ad read. All right. All right. Here we go. Here we go.

Well, I was about to have a dinner party only to discover my bathroom was covered in shit. So I called this plumber named Randy and boy did he give me the run around.

He was talking about estimates and he couldn't guarantee his price, but then I called Mike Ruby.

Hi, it's me, Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber and I guarantee I will fix any bathroom situation with zero stank.

We're not going to give you the run around on whether it's going to stank or not. It's not. And it's the Mike Ruby guarantee hashtag no stank.

Hashtag ad, of course, as well. Wow. Incredible. And you like how I kind of Michael Winslow that I do all the voices.

I do the sound effects.

Yeah, I don't know that you were fooling anyone with it.

Well, I could tell it was you, but just putting on a little bit of falsetto.

But I don't know what you're talking about. That was sort of like a fully fledged character. I was sort of like, I've seen Michael Winslow in person and you know, when he does the helicopter, you'll be looking at the sky going, is there a helicopter right above me?

So you weren't looking around going, is there a woman who's having a dinner party who needs a plumber? You weren't thinking that?

Not really. No, I was thinking, oh, Mike's doing a funny voice, but that's okay. I mean, I just think comparing yourself to Michael Winslow. That's a high bar that I don't necessarily think necessarily you cleared.

Well, you know, you didn't hear my flush sound. So I don't know why you would, you know, go ahead, judge. You didn't hear my flush sound. So I mean, I was pretty fooled.

I like, I thought there were multiple people in the room and I ran to the bathroom to see if the toilet was stanking.

You got up and spray like his hat spun around in a circle as he ran to the bathroom.

You may have missed it then, Randy. Mike Ruby over here was talking about a plumber named Randy that this client called.

Yeah, but that's not you.

Because Randy is sort of a silly name. You know, you think about Randy, you're like, this guy probably smells.

Yeah, no kidding. And so you agree with him, Randy? I mean, I'm not disagreeing. Yeah, it's short for Randall. That's not a name to be trusted.

Yeah, well, it could be short for Brandy, couldn't it? Yeah, Brandy, a fine girl.

Sure. What a good wife she would be. My wife, my lover, my lady, and the toilet stank.

You guys do it a song. We know the song. We probably know more than that. Not that song, but probably we're not going to get into it.

Let's not get into it. So Mike, you you promise in your commercial that it's not going to be stank. What is not going to be stank? What do you mean?

Because this woman in the commercial and I'm being generous when I say that. You mean me?

Oh, whoa. Randy, you took off again. So, hey, Randy, don't worry. It's me. It's me.

Oh, okay. It sounded like a sexy lady was in my bathroom.

So this woman, she what a strange experience for her to walk into her bathroom and it's covered in shit and she had no idea.

Yeah, it's a worst case scenario. Someone else's then or someone. That's a great question, Scott. You know, those are the kind of things I get into.

For me, it's just you don't care why. I don't care. I don't care what it is. If you want me to deal with your shitty bathroom situation and you want it to not smell, you got to call Mike Ruby, baby.

So what's not smelling about? Do you clean up the shit that you want me to walk into my pant and I don't know how many steps, maybe died step process.

Sure. Yeah, nine steps. Let's go. I love that you chose the number and double digits, which I respect. Sometimes Scott, sometimes you over you say it's like a 30 step process.

Then you're fucking locked in on coming up with 30 steps.

Sure. No, under promise and over deliver. So Scott, first things first, I got to start at my home, Scott.

So you, okay. Yeah, that's where the process starts is your house. Somebody gives me a call. They say, my bathroom's covered in shit. Don't worry about it, Randy. That's just me.

So receiving the call. I received the call. Okay. Oh, we're going to answer the call as the lady goes. That's going to be part of the steps. Okay, hold on. Let me recalculate.

I think we're at 11 step process. Oh, okay. All right. So I answer the call and then step two, hop in the shower. Okay.

You want to make sure that you're not stinking over there.

The first step to being a non-stank plumber, Scott, is to make sure you are not bringing any stank into the stank situation, Scott. You don't want any additional stank in there.

You have a beautiful voice. Thank you, Scott. That is for one of our radio ads. Wow. Then I do do all the voices, of course, of course, Michael Winslow. But yes. So I do shower.

You shower, do you rub yourself with soap, essential oils?

So I got a garnet, fuc, tea, sinere. I got a Paul Mitchell, shampoo, and condition is, you know, Scott.

And then I also use Toms of Maine Bar soap, Scott. I don't know about that. I think I would switch out.

Well, that's just exfoliation, Scott. I get that in the crack. I go deep, deep, deep exfoliation that I wash my hair a couple times.

As you can see, I have a flowing mane of hair. Yeah, it is.

I didn't want to say it. But you know, on the zoom, it looks like it was that down to your butthole or right now without it by butthole because I'm sitting.

When I stand, it's right above my little butt crack. But when you have this much hair, Scott, you got to make sure you're clean.

And you know, as a plumber who showers all the time, you could tell that my hair is healthy, nosebleed.

Yeah. You know, if I were you, I would be like a cyclist. I would shave my body entirely so that there is never any doubt that I would be stankless.

You would think that that, Scott, is a good thing, but actually it's not, Scott.

It's true. It's true. The more you shave yourself, the stankier you get. Thank you. Snuts gets it.

Once you shave, you start releasing some of the like really stanky, understanding like the things that get baked into your skin as you sleep.

You know, you shave, it's almost like poking at a dead horse, you know? Oh, okay. I thought it would be trapped in a beard or in the hair, but no, it just releases the toxins.

Well, then you just got, you got to clean that beard. So I brush my beard over a hundred times before I leave the shower.

By the way, your beard is super long too. Is that, that's down by the pee hole I see?

So my beard is not only on the ground, it extends like three feet in front of me.

Oh, wow. So this is like a princess Diana in reverse. It's like a princess Diana. Reverse. I don't even know what that means, man.

She had a train when she got married. It was super long.

Oh, yeah. It's like a wedding train, but in reverse. I don't know.

Okay, so that's step two. Step three. Okay. I drive there.

Now, this is a, this is a really important part. I get it by car. I put up all the windows.

There's a lot of mini steps within this. So if we're doing like an outline, you know, this was like a and now we're down at the eye section where it's like, oh, you know, you did it a little more.

Why, why do the windows go up because you don't want any of the outside air?

Any outside smells Scott. So not only does the window go up, but I do spray heavy chemicals inside the car.

So it smells like that new car kind of thing.

A new car smell, Osmell, bleach, for breeze. I spray it all Scott and the windows up and I keep from passing out by holding a small cloth over my face.

Okay. Wow. Counterintuitive, but that seems to work. It is counterintuitive because that is sort of the chloroform sort of the way your chloroform.

But if you want to make sure that you don't get chloroform, you just have a clean cloth.

So like, like what's like, what is the smell of all those things combined to like make you smell like once you step outside of the car?

I call it the Mike Ruby signature smell.

Wow. And it is, it's, it's trade-bocked. And, and I'll tell you, it's not over yet because when I get out of the car, the final step is I take off all my clothes and spray myself head to toe with X body spray.

Oh, wait, is this step four then at this point or?

We are step four. Okay. Great.

All right. So we shall we shall we shall drive there and drive there, which has a lot of many steps of the rolling of the windows stepping out of the car, et cetera.

And now we have sprayed the body with X body spray. And now we are at the we are at the customer's home. Scott.

So, so no one is smelling the Mike Ruby signature smell other than you because because once you get to the doorstep, it's X body spray all the way.

Well, the reason I do that, Scott, is I want to train my nose to be, you know, it's, it's trained for a good smell.

So any bad smell, I'm going to pick it out immediately when I walk into the house.

Okay. Do you have a do you have nasal cavities a lot like chorizo there where they're just blown out and you can smell everything?

Oh, yeah. I did what they call a cocaine simulation with pixie sticks in order to blow up my my symptoms so that I could smell better. Scott. Okay. Cause you were you're a strict.

Don't do drugs.

Oh, I would never do drugs. God. I signed that dare contract. And I would never go back on that when you were 13.

I was 13, but I was still, you know, my parents were there.

So they did agree if it was legally binding. So, okay. Well, okay. So we are now at step. You should get emancipated from that dare contract.

It's really tough, Scott. We could talk about that, but there's a lot of legal red tape to go through at least nine steps. All right. So step five step five. Now, I'm in your house step five. I'm going to say point me in the direction of the stake.

Okay. So you just want to, you just want the directions.

Yeah. I just want the direction because the east, south or west, just sort of actually hold out two arms and sort of do it at an angle. I know that the mess is within that angle.

Okay. So essentially like a 45 degree or at least you could maybe widen it out. If you put your arms behind your back to like 190 200 degree.

Yeah. If you want to really be up to us with it, you can go ahead and do that. Sure. Of course. So Scott, at this point, I flowed off the ground like Pepe Lebau.

No way. You love the stake? Yeah. You love the stake. Well, see, I don't love the stake, but you're just a trach. I'm revolted by the stake. It's just my job is to find it. So I have to find it. So I have to find.

So what's what step number is this that you're floating on the ground? This is six. This is six. This is six.

Now, of course, I float my way. Now typically we're getting to a bathroom, Scott. And typically there's shit everywhere.

Typically. So high. Why? She would be surprised. You know, you're not calling a plumber for like a simple clog. Like you're calling a plumber for what like an act of God is God.

You know, I wanted to say that I think a plumber would, you know, and I don't want to tell you how to do your job, but I think a plumber could advertise as like the no judgment plumber.

You know how like, right, you know, you're ashamed when you call a plumber because of what they're going to find in there, you know?

Well, Scott, I could advertise that because one of my steps is one of my steps is to disassociate.

Okay. So you're outside of your body. I cannot take the smell or like the looking at even talking about poo poo and anything like that.

You've been doing it now for 15 minutes. I'll puke. So when it comes down to the time to actually clean, I disassociate.

But before we get there, Scott, before we get there, I'm of course going to hop in their shower.

Oh, okay. You want to hear. So that's step. So step seven, step seven. You find the shitty bathroom.

Step six is I float like Pebelip you to the shitty bathroom.

Step seven, hop right on in the shower. And of course I'll use whatever they have in there.

And if you tease, you don't bring your own stuff. Yeah. No, no, no, dove body wash, you know, even if they have like a sort of like a man Leo one that's like an ax.

You know, these are the things that can be found in other people's bathroom. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

So you know that I wrote a magazine article that is 10 things your crush might have in their bathroom? Oh, no, I didn't realize you wrote that.

I don't know why I would have. That's a real manageable number two.

I mean, I don't know that I necessarily want to hear all 10, but we can circle back around. We have time at the end of the show.

But we are. We are at step seven. And of course I am reshowering, which is of course rubbing off that X body spray off because you want the X body spray when you go to the door because you want to smell good for the humans.

You don't want to leave the X body spray smell there because some people might consider that a stank Scott. I don't know who, but I don't think it's a crazy people. But, you know, Scott, I shower again. I wash above those smells.

I don't need my smell heightened as much anymore.

How about the shower, Scott? I look down at the shit everywhere. Is this where the disassociating is? Of course, disassociates.

That's why it's step eight because I disassociate. That's how I remember it. Oh, okay.

So it's hard to remember with a hard to remember that you always disassociate. What do you do? Blumming? Like what's step eight? I've just showered. What is step eight again?

I disassociate. And then I started looking around and things get blurry. And then I sort of fall over and hit my head on the side of the sea.

Oh, gosh. Wait, is this step nine? No, this is a step eight still. The step eight disassociate. Step nine is hit your head on the side of the sea.

Oh, okay. That's a huge, that's a huge part of it. Okay.

Well, that's all the steps there are. No, but there's eleven, Scott, because we were going to get out there. I'm sorry. Yeah. Okay. So two more steps.

So step 10 is wake up and hope the bathroom is cleaned.

Okay. Well, how often 1% of the time is it clean? A hundred percent. Scott is my guarantee.

I don't know what it is about me, but once I disassociate the bathroom, I'm unclogging drains. I'm pulling out. Oh, okay. So you're waking up and you've done the work.

I guess. I thought you meant that when you woke up, you hope to the owner came in. No, no, no, no, no. Like, I do a lot of the work, but I'm sort of drooling and bleeding out of the side of my ear and I sort of clean things up.

And then, of course, Scott, in the event that the bathroom is not clean, step 11, I will burn the residence to the ground. Okay. How many times has that happened? Well, you know, Scott, I'd say it happens around, you know, once or twice a month.

Okay. Cause that's, is that part of the contract they signed when you, if you want the Mike Ruby guarantee, you got to be okay with the chances.

The one and 10 chance that I will have to burn your house to the ground because quite honestly, it's just too far gone. Yeah. Wow. Okay.

So that is the sort of Mike, the Mike Ruby 11 steps of no stank plumbing. Scott. So what I've noticed is there's no step 12 of you going back home. So you're just chilling there after.

No, no. So what I do is then I sort of try to assume that I live in this house because it's going to be really hard for me to leave again without doing the whole shower and then I get so many steps. So, so I live there and I just forward all my business calls to this new address.

And oftentimes the people who live there when they came into the bathroom and they saw me bleeding from the head, they're like, we got to get out of here. This guy, they're going to blame us for this guy's murder.

And then I end up taking over the house. Okay. Wow. Mike's.

That's a very complicated process, but sure is Scott. Are we ready for another commercial?

Hopefully, I guess so. Go ahead.

Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep.

That's not an orchestra, by the way, Randy. What? I don't like it.

Beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep beep. Oh my god. Well, it was the 4th of July. And me and my girlfriends were having a barbecue, but we invited too many of the men over.

If you know what I mean.

That means the toilet was clogged up with shit.

And I called this asshole named Randy and I asked him, Hey, can you get the shit out of my toilet? And he said stuff like that. He didn't even know.

But then I called Mike Ruby. Hi, I'm Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber. I guarantee say it with me. I will fix any bathroom situation with zero stank.

We're not going to give you the run around with whether it's going to stay good not because it's not. It's the Mike Ruby guarantee.

Mike Ruby guarantee may include you having to burn your house down hashtag no stank. Wow, that's pretty good. Wow.

Dang. Those girls sounded hot and there was a huge crowd involved.

Again, he's going to pick any name but Randy, but hey, you got to get it. Yeah, that commercial was shot before a live studio audience.

And they were totally silent until nothing really interesting happened until Mike Ruby comes out. You know, I also noticed quite a lot of cursing in that one.

Where does that run? That one's on satellite radio and how is there? Oh, okay. You can say whatever you want Scott without getting canceled.

Cancel culture. Is that a problem in the plumbing community as big of a problem as it is out here? It's a huge problem.

Let me tell you what gets you canceled as a plumber Scott.

Having your butt crack out. Oh, man. Let me tell you something. If your butt crack is out Scott, you will get canceled Scott.

I did see. I think there's there's a plumber here in town that promises that the plumbers aren't going to have their butt cracks out. He is. And I'll tell you what this guy, his name is Mike Diamond.

And we have a huge. That's right. It's almost like you're a parent. No, no, no. We have a huge father. We got a huge father guy Scott because. Okay. First of all, Mike Ruby, I've been operating in the Great Los Angeles area full.

I don't know 20 decades. Twenty two hundred years. It's a family business guy. Oh, I see. Okay. So many generations.

Many generations. This asshole comes around talking about.

He's the no smell plum. I don't even know what that means.

You don't want any good smells.

So you're the no stank plumber. I'm the no stank plumber. I have no interactions with Mike Diamond. I even know who that guy is to be us. So you had a falling out, but you've never had any interaction.

I had a falling out basically just like legally like nonstop getting papers and people are like, Are you this business?

And you know that kind of he's been serving you legal papers. He's serving me legal papers because he says I'm sort of infringing on his sort of clean cut.

You know, he this guy says, Oh, none of the plumbers are going to have to ask cracks out. Whose idea was that me? I was your I sold at the top of my ass crack two years ago, Scott. Oh, you did. So you have no ass crack. So it's just it's like a candle down there. It is like a candle reverse candle. It's like a candle right until you get to the butthole.

Okay. It was like where your hair is. That is where my hair is. That is where my butthole is actually existent where poop comes out. I came to talk about.

Okay. You're the wrong line of business. I guess. What do you mean, Scott? I mean, you're good at what you do, obviously. I'm fucking great at what I do. Scott hashtag CBB.

If you go to my my group, either those take blah, blah, blah, blah.

Well, why are you hashtag. You can see me. That's my hashtag. Oh, interesting. That's so that's bad. Oh, I guess it's more like a promo code promo code CBB. Okay. Yeah, I don't know.

Randy, you have any any need for a plumber like this? I mean, yeah, every every single day. Because anytime I take a poop, I disassociate and then I fall off. I hit my head on the tub and I poop all over the bathroom.

Oh, okay. So you have that too. Yeah, absolutely. It sounds like a lot of your clients have exactly that. Yeah. You want to know how I learned how to do this is that I was at home. I would be taking a poop at disassociate. I'd wake up my bathroom to be covered in shit.

And then, of course, I had to learn how to clean it while disassociate it. So sure. Maybe maybe if you're looking for a job, you know, I might be able to train you up become the next Mike Ruby.

I mean, I would love to join the team. Necessity is the mother of all inventions and I'm not going to stop shitting all over my bathroom anytime soon.

Okay, that's really good. So your business has been in the family for many generations. You don't have any errors that you can pass it on to. Oh, well, Scott, I got a lot of relationship hang ups. I've got good at, you know, to be honest, I have problems when it comes to women's.

Really? Well, you know what? We have a guest coming up on the show who can maybe help you with that. Yeah, we have a world renowned therapist coming up on the show.

I do. I came here for a reason, Scott. I do. I delivered me to this podcast because I thought it was just a new two of your ads on the show.

Yeah, I thought I was going to be like, am I going to do some ads or maybe I'll talk about the 10 things your crush might have in their bathroom. No, we'll get to those definitely if we ever run out of steam on this.

But the reason I came here was to get some relationship advice, Scott. I'm ready. Well, you're in luck because we have to take a break. But when we come back, we'll have a therapist here and Randy, I think I know you need it.

But it seems to me like Mike Ruby over here, who is not to be confused with Mike Diamond, definitely. No, I don't know who is also not to be. Mike Diamond is not to be confused with the BC boys Mike Diamond either because that's what confuses me.

I'm always like, so the BC boys break up and he gets into plumbing? It's crazy. And then also Mike Diamond looks exactly like Lou Diamond Phillips. So it's very nuts. The whole situation. And you, you look like a really, really old old monk with long, long hair down to the ground.

That's right. The TV show monk, we should say Tony Shalou.

Yes, I look like Tony Shalou with a big beard. Yeah. Well, we're going to come right back when we come back. The world renowned therapist Diana deep will be with us. Obviously, you guys know who she is. So we'll get all of our problems ironed out when we come back. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang. We are back here. We have Randy Snuts here of the of Shabogan, I guess. Are you out there in Shabogan right now? Yeah, currently. That's where Mark Patavano stays at. That's right. So just about three blocks from Carissa's place.

And we also have Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber here who.

Oh my god, my toilet. See, I got you guys. I've just like, it's not your toilet. It's actually like, I've just like, yeah.

And before the break, Mike Ruby told us that some shocking news that he has problems with women. And we didn't get into it because I wanted to save our next guest for that.

And Randy, you already have established you have problems with one woman in particular and perhaps other women, even though you've been in a sclucy relationship with Carissa here for approximately six to eight years or so.

Yeah, I got problems all over the place though. That's right. Yeah. So we don't have to focus just on the Carissa problems because you have many and a multitude of problems.

Uh huh. Yeah, would you say you have 99 problems and women on most of them? Yep, absolutely. And Chris is out of my life. Otherwise, it would be 100.

Well, we want to bring her on the show. You know her as one of the most famous therapists to, I guess, to ever live.

And hopefully not die. But you know, apparently, although I've, you know, I don't know that I'm going to die.

I've never seen any evidence that I am going to, but I, but I don't know why we got on her dying here, but she is one of the most famous therapists ever live.

And she has her own podcast where she helps couples and people out with their problems called Going Deep with Diana Deep. And hopefully she'll help our guests out here with some of their problems. Please welcome to the show for the first time, therapist Diana Deep.

Thank you, Scott, for that truly messed up introduction. I'm sorry. Yeah, I don't know why I brought that up, but I, you know, I mean, really dark.

Well, you know, I don't know why I even said you're one of the most famous therapists to ever live. I mean, like, of course, you are. But of course, all other therapists who have been famous have lived as well. Is that safe to say?

All other therapists who have been famous have lived. Yes.

Yeah. Well, yeah. So every there, every therapist from famous to non famous has been alive.

Yes. Yes. Well, let me just start by saying, Scott, do you want to do you want us to erase everything that we said before you came on here because it seems like you're trying to move on very quickly.

Yeah, I'm trying to move on, Scott, because you're trying to talk about death. And we can get there. Clearly you have some damage. Is that a subject matter that you try to stay away from in your therapy? I would think it would come up every once in a while.

Yeah, of course it comes up comes up a lot with sex comes up with. They're inexorably linked, aren't they sex and death? They are. Because you want them to happen at the same time. No, no, but some say the orgasm is the little death as they call it.

No kidding. How many of the soul. I've had five little deaths today, I believe. So put them all together and maybe I might be close. Is that way you look like the crib keeper?

You know, you know what's interesting is that Scott, you were saying that me and Randy were the ones that needed therapy, but it's like, I don't know, Diana sort of, she's sort of tuning into you right away.

I think Scott needs it the most. Scott's clearly the most fucked up. I don't know why you say that just because I bungled your introduction because I got in my head about why did I say that you were one of the most famous to ever live.

You know, you went down the rabbit hole that way. I don't think I'm fucked up. You started talking about your own death when you were introducing me so clearly. There's some damage there. That's all I'm saying. Yeah. Okay. Scott, Scott, you at Scott, you at least need a glass of water if you cranked your jock five times.

Who said I cranked it? You said you did. You said you have little deaths already today. So someone else cranked it. Oh, now we got a brag and keep score.

I'm married. Wow. This is telling. So he's having to scream that he's married, which I feel like is telling. Is that right, Diana? Good point.

I do. I think, you know, he's, I mean, he's damaged. You can tell. Okay. Look, let's turn the spotlight away from me.

Yeah. You know what? Let's turn the spotlight away from you.

I want all just all your listeners to go ahead and turn off this podcast.

Turn it off. Oh, and search going deep with Diana deep. You haven't even. I mean, go ahead and press play.

And I think I think you'll be happy, happier than listening to this. Okay. So I don't know that, look, I hate to have people with other podcasts on this show in the first place.

Because I don't, I don't, it's just bad business to have podcast hosts on this show. I mean, look what happened with Kona Brian. He's on this show.

Suddenly, he's the most popular podcaster in the world being nominated for all these awards in the top 10 all the time, just from him advertising it on this show.

So I don't know, you know, I don't like having jealous of that. I don't be grudgy him for it. I mean, he's trying to express himself. He's an artist.

You know, I just, I don't know why I gave him the CBB bump that I did to make him the most popular podcaster.

Yeah. And you're taking credit for all of that.

I mean, I deserve the credit. I don't know that I'm taking it. I'm being given it by myself. Sure.

Wow, Diana, you're scribbling down a lot. Like you have been writing non stops and Scott has started talking. Like, is there a lot of like important notes down there?

Like, what do you sort of keep?

Yeah, no, I write and I write in this big manila folder. It's just a folder.

Just overfolded no paper there.

So I cover it and then, but at the end, I light it on fire.

I can relate to that. I can relate to that. One of the last steps of me doing any plumbing is step all around. If it's clean, step 11, I look around. If it's, if it's not clean, I burn into the ground.

So I understand that impulse. I understand that.

You know, I was thinking about you, Mike, when I was listening to you talk and me.

I was realizing, I think did something traumatic happen with poop for you when you were little?

Did you walk in? I think traumatic things have happened to him while he's been an adult with poop.

Did you walk in? I'm not.

Every job he has. Did you walk in at someone pooping?

Okay, so I didn't want to talk about this, but when I was a child, I was playing in the front yard of my aunt Wendy's house.

And she said, go pick up that stick over there.

Oh, it's almost like she's here.

Go pick up that stick over there.

Yum.

I took a ruby.

So I walked by your last name.

They called me young Ruby as part of the family tradition.

So I walked over to what I thought was a stick and I picked it up and I started waving it around like it was a sword.

And I started hitting my cousins with it.

I started throwing it around and as it disintegrated in my hand, I realized it was shit.

I mean, I saw that. I saw that coming right away.

Yeah, no, I should have seen the right way.

I did not see that coming.

So they're not a twist. It's not a twist.

But I had already sort of licked my hands and like sort of done a lot of really girl stuff.

Yeah, so so yeah, maybe that's my trauma.

Also, I lost my dad died at a human waste facility where he died at all a giant vat of shit.

You hear swimming in it.

The volume is so that you have to sink.

It's like shit sand, they call it.

Sort of like a biff and back to the future when that trunks.

Yeah.

So is that the trauma maybe?

I think that is the trauma.

You know, and that might have a bit to do with how you relate to women because we all, all of the way, all of our sexual experiences tie back to how our parents die.

And death in general, back to death.

Wow.

So what if my parents are still with us?

So what are my sexual experiences relate back to?

So, I mean, really you haven't even begun to have sexual experiences.

Oh, so God, are you?

So all that cranking you were talking about?

I wasn't talking about that.

How do you ever say that you'd been cranking it all day?

Five or six cranks, you know.

That you know, call me Jason Statham because I'm the king of the crank.

He said, we didn't call Jason Statham the king of the cranks.

Well, you said you wanted that.

Yeah, dude, you're a crank anchor, Scott.

It's written all over your face.

You're bouncing around like a muppet, telling people that you're yanking, but you got nothing down there to yank because you're a muppet.

Is that what you're saying, Diana?

Yeah, that's exactly.

Scott's got a muppet wiener.

For me, you know, my sexual experiences all tie back to how I watched my father die in the Alps.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

You watch your dad die too?

Oh, yeah.

He fell off of a chairlift onto a bunch of little, little skiers.

Well, little in terms of like they looked little when he was up in the chairlift and then once he got down to them, they were his size or...

No, they were just small.

Children or adults, but they were shorter.

They were shorter, like five, two, to five, six.

Five, two, four, eleven maybe.

Yeah, maybe one or two and he just fell off.

Why were they all hanging out together?

Is that like short people like to hang out with each other or?

It was a club.

Short, skiering club or something like that?

Yeah, exactly.

Okay, so how does this manifest itself sexually for you?

So for me, usually I come the quickest when I'm with short men.

Oh, dang, okay.

And it's cold.

Oh, it's got to be cold as well.

Yeah.

You know, ideally it's winter.

Interesting.

Okay, so it's seasonal for you.

It is seasonal.

I don't come in the summer.

Oh, that's it.

I guess that's pretty cool to know that you just don't even have to like really put any effort.

Yeah, so here in February, you're in hog heaven at this point.

This is your time to shine.

More like piglet heaven.

Okay, Randy.

With these little guys, these cold little fellas, these little piglets poking their tiny little tails in the tiny one.

We don't need to call short men.

Have you ever seen a pig dick before?

It looks like a corkscrew.

Yeah, it's like a corkscrew.

It looks like a long, weird corkscrew.

Yeah, bojolay, if you know what I mean.

Hi, can I have something going on with you guys?

I know.

Every time we look away, you guys are sort of your, I feel like if you guys were sitting under a table, your feet would be played under the table.

You don't have any.

Yeah.

You guys aren't in the same room, are you?

I mean, we're both on two different zooms, but you know.

I don't know, Randy, where are you?

I'm at Mark Padovanos house.

I said that.

You had to establish getting him by now.

I listened.

No, I listened.

Oh, okay.

Well, yeah, then make me repeat myself.

Don't make me.

Oh, yeah.

You want me to make you?

No, you want me to repeat yourself.

I'm at Mark Padovanos house.

Hey, Scott, what the hell is going on here?

What is happening?

He's kind of like fun.

There's some fun sexual tension happening, but I don't know if it's a digital or this is a therapy sort of thing that you're doing.

I don't know, but I'm just, I'm going to answer to myself.

Where's Mark?

Where's Mark right now?

I don't know.

He's out.

He's out on his job.

He's making an ass.

I'm going to tell you what he is.

Is he or is he with Carissa?

Stop Scott.

Stop.

Stop cranking.

What are you doing?

Are you cranking it right now?

No, he's on the tube, but I think he's done.

Scott, I'm itchy.

I'm itchy.

It's just an itch down there.

Yeah, right.

You're scratching the itch.

That's for sure.

Well, I'm trying to tell Diana that Mark is probably, you know, I don't know.

Six things deep in Carissa right now.

Okay.

Six things deep.

Can I ask you a question, Diana, because I was as confused as anyone.

Please.

But like, so I feel like we all have a Carissa situation, you know, like that person that you need to get out of your life, you know, and like, what is it that we have to heal within ourselves in order to be strong enough to release these strings?

You know what I mean?

Well, first of all, I think most men are the weak link in the male female relationship.

Okay, that's pretty fucked up.

That's pretty weird.

Thank you, Fair.

They're they are the dumb ones.

They're the most damaged.

They're the least likely to grow.

So hey, all right.

Hey, that was my senior senior subfertile, least likely to grow.

Does that mean you're pretty short, Randy?

No, I just most likely to show show out to grow out.

That's what I say.

Hmm.

Just Chris, then Chris, I usually hangs up on me.

I think, you know, with you and Carissa, if I'm being honest, you know, maybe, maybe it's not that it's about your relationship, but it's about it's actually between her and Mark and you happen to be the one that she cheats on him with.

Oh, you ever thought about it like that, Randy?

No, I haven't.

You know, I'm not one who naturally gravitates toward confidence and that would probably give me a lot more confidence if I'm being honest.

If I'm the bad boy in this little love triangle, you like to be the bad boy.

I mean, I get, yeah, I am a bad boy.

That was my other senior subfertile, least likely to grow and baddest boy.

Scott, I feel like every time she starts talking, she like starts like her bra strap starts to show a little bit.

Yeah.

She like shows a little bit more shoulder like what's going on?

What's going on?

You are bad boy.

Oh, yeah.

She's ignoring us.

Very strange.

Dang, I'll see the same place.

But I have probably five five, five, five, six.

What?

No, I'm five, ten and a half.

Normal size.

Okay.

Oh, not interested anymore.

You got interested.

Okay.

All right, Diana.

So here's my, here's my problem with women.

I want to bring you in on this.

So, so I beat a woman out in the wild.

I'll be in a bar.

I'm sure there's many.

Go ahead.

I don't even want to give you a chance.

I'm a good guy.

So I meet a woman.

I'll be in the park and I'll be like, oh, you know, they're women as a cute dog.

You know, walk over and be like, oh, that's what I'm trying to do.

And the fact that you do a woman is how their dog looks.

Yeah.

You might be attracted to dogs.

Scott.

No shame.

And I'm not going to be the no judgment therapist when it comes to that.

I feel like there is shame in that game to be honest.

Yeah.

I don't know.

As a Catholic, no shame on that game.

So, okay.

So I mean, I guess they do say that dogs look like their owners.

So you notice the dog first and go, boy, if that was a human and then you look up at the human and it looks like the dogs.

And I'm a personality guy, you know, if the dog has a cute personality, I'm like, oh, you must be getting that from somewhere.

You know, as I look up, I'm like, oh, that makes you think why don't you just engage the woman and see how her personality is first.

Is this my problem?

I engage in people's dogs.

Let me ask you, let me ask you, is the dog shitting when you see the dog?

Oh, to be honest, there's like a 35% chance the dog is shit because it's usually why dogs are outside.

Exactly.

They're out there to eat the shit or walk.

And sometimes with their walking, it's like the shit happens no matter what, you know.

Yeah.

But so are you attracted when you see the shit?

I'll tell you what I do is as soon as I meet a woman and I'm like, okay, we are, we're hitting it off slightly.

I will say, hey, don't move.

I'll be right back.

I get my car, drive home, jump right in the shower.

And why don't you shower before you go to the park or everything?

Of course I did Scott, but now we got to start fresh, you know, fresh, you know, so I shall I said exfoliate.

And of course I use my God name for these.

I get proactive solution.

I rub it right in my butthole Scott.

Sure.

And then the Tom's of Maine, right?

Tom's of Maine, I use that for my underarms, some of my hairy bits.

And then I get back and then they're normally not there.

I see.

So what's the issue?

Do you think Dr. Deep?

Well, I mean, I see an obsession with being clean, which, you know, I grew up in parts of Europe and over there, everyone's just not quite as obsessed with being clean as Americans are, you know, Americans are covering themselves in bleach, you know.

And you're saying this could be related to me watching my dad die in human shit and a water tree, what a treatment facility.

I think there's something there.

I don't know what it is, but I think there's something.

Yeah, talking together.

I'm gonna have to work through some of this.

This is good stuff.

I can't thank you so much.

This is good.

Help you.

I mean, quite yet.

Well, right now, Scott, you can see a single tear road from my eye and normally is all the way down the hair, all the way on your beard, all the way down to the penis hole, all the way to my penis hole.

And the second I go water slide, I normally will run to the shower, Scott, to get clean.

But no, I got something for you, Mike.

We're going to do a little role play.

Okay.

I'm a woman.

Oh, great.

I could do a lot of sound effects, boys.

You want me to be the woman?

No, I'm the woman.

Okay.

I'm the woman.

You're yourself.

I don't have a dog.

No dog.

How much Scott Scott do we do?

Yeah, it's got to be one of the dogs that maybe snuts could be a passing dog.

It's like, oh, it's a hot dog.

They can have their own little thing going on.

Some guys want to be in the skit.

We're here.

Yeah.

You're just going to ignore us.

We're not invisible.

These guys need therapy too.

You guys can be, I know, we'll be at a restaurant and you guys, one of you can be a waiter and the other one can be a waiter in training.

Oh, okay.

Am I shadowing him?

You're shadowing him.

But he's the waiter in training.

Why am I shadowing him?

Because you're both new.

Oh, cool.

But Scott's supposed to figure it out.

We've been throwing things in the deep end.

Randy's been there one day more.

So he knows a little bit more than you do.

Okay.

But you're both new.

Okay.

Hey, Scott, that's your name, right?

We just wait, wait, wait, before we even start.

Are we meeting in this restaurant?

Are we on a date?

Because I don't normally get to restaurants with these women.

Yes, we're on it.

We're on a date.

Okay.

So this is to make sure that you'll have confidence.

So this is second base for you.

I think once you have that confidence, you can ask a woman out.

Okay.

No, this is actually third base for me, Scott.

First base would be a shower or second base.

Third base restaurant.

Okay.

So here we go.

We're at our date.

Hi, what's your name again?

Excuse me?

I'm not talking to you, ma'am.

I'm talking to my waiter that's training me.

Oh, it's Randy.

Don't disrespect me.

I've been here a day longer than you.

What the fuck's your problem?

I'm so sorry.

Look, what are we supposed to do today?

Mary catch-ups or what do we do?

No, we'll marry catch-ups at the end of the shift or unless the bottles get empty.

Look, we just need to go up to this table and ask these people what they'd like for dinner and if they need more time, that's fine.

We can come back.

Okay, it sounds complicated, but I'm with you.

Have you ever been to a restaurant before?

No, this was so exciting to get a job at this place.

I've never been in.

Yeah.

And seen.

So, Mike, how do you feel?

Do you feel better?

You feel like you could do this?

I'll say this.

I was the entire time gripping my seat because I wanted to get up with you.

I'm going to run home to my shower.

But I stood there.

I stayed in the pocket.

I let those people argue around me.

I feel like that was a major breakthrough diet.

Well, let's try another one here, Mike.

Okay.

Who are we?

Who are you?

So, me and you, Mike, we just went out to dinner and now we are in...

Now you're sliding into home and you're feeling all that foam?

No, we're going out for a movie.

Okay?

So, we've just got into the dinner.

That's like a pickle in between third base and home plate.

Yeah, that's like you caught between the show and stop at the third base.

And you're like, oh God, I don't know how to...

Yeah, you're at a pickle plate right now.

It's a rundown.

Okay.

Who are we?

It's a squeeze play, if you will.

Okay.

So, we've just gone through the theater.

Can I be a projectionist?

No, you guys work at the snack booth.

You guys work at the snack booth.

Okay.

And you both...

This is like a kiosk inside the movie theater where we're like...

Both.

Okay.

I'm just wondering because sometimes like you go to the art light, there's like a coffee kiosk or whatever.

Art light.

I just think if you would just listen to her and give her a chance, I feel like you could be helping you because she's doing wonders for me right now.

All right.

This is back when there were people, humans who worked at the movie theater and you're going, we're going to go order some snacks.

Okay.

This is back in time.

This is like 2019?

This is 2019.

Okay.

All right.

So, I know what a snack booth is.

So clearly I've been working there a little longer than Scott.

You've been working there a day longer than Scott.

Okay.

So, but in this case, Scott, you guys have been working there for two weeks and Randy's been working there for two weeks and a day.

Two weeks and one day.

Okay.

All right.

Hi, Randy.

Did you hear that those North Korea US nuclear talks stalled?

Yeah.

No kidding.

I listened to all the classic news podcasts.

First thing in the morning.

All the shit all over the cash register.

What did you do here?

Oh, sorry.

I just, I was thinking about how the US China trade war is continuing.

Yeah.

And I, and tensions are flaring in the Persian Gulf.

All this is stuff is going on in the world.

And I just took my mind off of the ball, I guess.

I got to go home and take a shower.

Okay.

And scene.

Okay.

I didn't make it through that when I had to run home and take a shower.

There was shit.

There was shit on the cash register.

No one was acknowledging it.

Well, what about the shit was upsetting to you?

Normally there is, you know, there's going to be shit out in the world, right?

Wow.

Hopefully, and they'd hide it a little bit.

I mean, you know, I mean, yeah, every once in a while, you're walking along and someone didn't pick up their dog's poop.

But you know, I mean, hopefully.

Why there's human shit?

Hopefully human shit is behind partitions and as we got to stop talking about.

I'm sick.

We can't keep talking about it.

Okay.

Wow.

I do think those role plays were helping diet.

I do feel like I will be able to talk to a woman for maybe a few sentences before.

I feel dirty and need to run home and exfoliate.

Well, that's good.

I think I helped a lot.

I think I did a great job.

And, you know, I think you helped me and Randy here kind of patching up our relationship, you know, I mean, sort of like the tables really did turn with us where suddenly you were the dominant one, Randy.

And it really felt good.

Yeah.

It felt great to dominate Scott.

Yes.

Scott, do you like to be dominated?

I mean, I don't like it necessarily.

It seems like you get a lot of people on here who dominate you.

I tend to think that I'm the one dominating them when they're on the show, you know, I mean, I don't know.

I don't know.

I agree.

I think Scott's right.

He's a power bottom, not like notorious power bottom.

Heavenes are screwed.

Okay.

You there.

What day is it?

Why?

It's Christmas, sir.

Ah, the perfect day to power bottom.

The one as big as me.

Hey, Scott, what's your height?

You're famously tall, right?

Scott?

Well, I'm, yeah, I'm sort of six, two, six, three.

Yeah.

And how, what's your height?

We didn't talk.

I mean, we've talked about the length of your hair, but we haven't talked about how tall you are.

I'll be honest.

I grow my hair really long to sort of hide how short I am, you know, Scott.

Oh, how short are you?

That's what they tell you to do.

They tell me to grow your hair long so that people are like, oh, that guy is at least five feet.

Because sometimes you can hairspray it up sort of like a flocosseagulls or a French steward.

And sometimes if you let your beard get like long enough and then really get it tight with some hairspray, you can walk on top of it, give you like a one inch platform.

You know, Scott?

Yeah, yeah.

I go.

How short are we talking about?

How short are you?

Well, I am what they call four, 11 and a half.

What they call?

Yeah.

What was that?

You get some sort of therapy thing where you're sort of like, yeah, you're writing something down about my sort of psyches.

That would you write?

My vanilla envelope is full.

Oh, Scott, are you seeing this?

I don't know.

What are you seeing?

Are you seeing this tension?

It seems like they're in the same room now.

Oh, yeah.

A lot of people call me a short king.

Is that something that you're interested in?

I love a little king.

A little king.

Oh, all right.

A little king.

I do have to warn you, my job involves a lot of head injuries and a lot of shit and a lot of forgetting stuff.

So a relationship with me is going to be a whirlwind.

I just, yeah, are you sure that you haven't been in a relationship at this point?

I mean, you may have just hit your head so many times you can't recall it.

Two women claim to be married to me.

But I will die.

I don't even, I'm not at good acknowledge that at all.

I say they were clients.

I was just there, cleaner their bathroom and then I left, you know.

Well, guys, this is, this is been incredible.

Wait, hold on.

Let's go.

We got to get to one really important thing.

What's that?

Ten things you're crushing.

No, we don't have a look.

We had time for one final feature and that is a little something called plugs.

I don't want no earwigs in my Peter chips.

No, I don't want no earwigs in my Peter chips.

I don't want their little antennae pressed against my lips.

I don't want no earwigs in my Peter chips.

Oh, yeah, that was, I don't want earwigs in my Peter chips by David Strainay.

And I like this.

The plug themes are no longer about plugs.

I felt that was limiting.

Yeah, definitely slapped.

All these plug themes are going to add up to some weird ass concept album that's like, yeah, it almost be like they might be giant's fingertips or something like that.

This is incredible.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Randy Snuts, do you have anything to plug?

I mean, your life seems so simple and yet so complicated.

I'm not sure if you have anything to plug.

Well, surprise, Scott.

I came on here to launch my latest podcast venture.

Oh, really?

What's that?

Oh, it's called the Randy verse.

Mm.

Is it like WandaVision?

Yeah, it's like WandaVision.

I play all the different characters in it and it just keeps unfolding.

You play Randy and you play verse.

Yeah, I play Randy.

I play verse and then I play other Randy's that are pointing at myself and they're like, you're Randy and I'm like, it seems like you're Randy.

Okay.

Yeah, this sounds really good.

And this is a podcast and audio show.

Yep.

It's already doing better numbers than comedy bang bang.

Oh, no.

Sorry.

Why did I give you this bump?

All right.

Mike, what are you plugging here?

Well, of course, Scott, I'm plugging patreon.com slash shunt distant.

I visited there once or twice.

Oh, yeah.

It's the no stank patreon podcast network.

They call it and this guy shot.

This is doing a really, he's doing a lot of really funny stuff.

Talk about the digital, you know, talk about it.

But the one thing he doesn't do is talk about shit.

So that's why I'm able to listen to it.

Oh, okay.

Good.

You got a patreon.com slash shunt distant.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He does some fun podcasts on these.

A good guy.

Also, don't forget promo code CBB on Mike Ruby's website, Mike Ruby the no stank plumber.com.

Of course.

And Diana deep, what do you want to plug?

Yes.

Thank you, Scott.

I want all your listeners to follow me, Dr. Diana deep.

I'm not a real doctor, but I'm going deep, which is a stitcher podcast.

And then also this account that I love at L I L Y Y I L Y.

Oh, is that a palindrome?

Is that?

No.

Oh, what is it?

It's not as simple as going deep with Diana deep.

It's little.

Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily, it's ill lily.

I L Y Y L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L L. It's not complicated.

It's not complicated.

How do you say it out loud?

Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily, Lily.

Okay, all right.

And so if people can find that, I, although I don't know if people can find it, people have found it in something.

I thought I thought Jason and Zukas had a Twitter account under that.

He does.

He's a big plover.

Short man.

I don't know whether he's a short king.

I don't know whether he wants to be tired with that brush.

All right.

I want to plug look coming up on a perfect time to watch Michael Bolton's big sexy Valentine's Day on Netflix special that we made.

Me and the Lonely Island made a couple of years ago with Michael Bolton and several guest stars.

Maya Rudolph and Andy Samberg and all sorts of great people.

You can check that out.

All right.

Let's close it.

Oh, and this is, we're going to hear one of our remixes.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting the little I missed.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure you got it.

Hey, don't mess around with it.

Make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

You make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Oh, yeah.

That was the Michael Hardigan remix.

That was the first one we received.

So far we've received three remixes and we're just cycling through them.

So if you have one, go ahead and we can add it to the remix pile.

And yeah, guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Randy, always great checking in with you.

I'm sorry to raise so many issues with Carissa and what sounds like your best friend of several years.

Yeah, that's okay, Scott.

It was eye opening.

It was a pleasure and I'll see you in a year.

Hey, unless you're sleeping, you want those eyes open, don't you?

Yup.

If you're not sleeping, you better be peeping.

That's right.

All right, see you in 2022.

That's right.

That's pretty damn good.

We'll put that on our shirt, baby.

And Diana Deep, great to meet you and thank you so much for your expertise and your knowledge here and for imparting it upon us.

Really appreciate it and good luck with your podcast.

Thank you so much.

I'll send you the bell, Scott.

Oh, I thought this was free.

All right.

But and then Mike Ruby.

Look, yeah, they're waiting on it, Scott.

They're waiting.

No, we got to do it.

Hit us.

We got to do it.

Hit us, baby.

Your crush might have in their bathroom.

Oh, David.

Oh, David, baby.

Yeah.

No, two, tweezers.

Oh, no, we're running out of time.

We only have three seconds left.

Shoulder.

Go through the rest really quick.

Medication.

Three, two, one.

Oh, look.

A little trash can.

Loosen.

I'm drunk.

Let it go.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Bye.

You I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look at the next slide.
