♫♫♫ Zoom, zoom, zoom, make my heart go boom, boom, boom, my supernova girl.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Teenage Grave Robber for that catchphrase submission.

Teenage Grave Robber, I believe a new catchphrase submittor or submittress.

Submistress. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another episode.

We are about two inches in Fabi-Dubby here and just getting through 2021 in the best decade of our lives, the 2020s. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

My name is Scott Ockerman. I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

We have an exciting show today. Coming up a little later, we'll have, oh, this is a special treat.

Maybe our first one of 2021, we have an entrepreneur, an entrepreneur coming up.

Wow, that's exciting. We'll get to see what his business is all about.

We also have someone who has a rescue dog charity. So I would imagine we'll be talking to her about how we can get out there. I hear rescue dogs are a lot of people adopting dogs during this pandemic, especially people who are alone and don't have a lot of companionship.

So I'm sure we'll be talking to her about that. But before we get to them, let's get to what I like to call our guest of honor. This is the first time she's ever been on the show.

And in fact, I believe the first time we are meeting, you know her from such things as the recent the wrong Missy film on Netflix with our good friend Lauren Lapkes. You know her from all nine seasons of scrubs, I believe, nine or ten. She also has a new show, Firefly Lane, which is out on Netflix right now. Please welcome to the show for the first time the second Becky with the good hair. Please welcome Sarah Chalk.

Thanks for having me.

So does that break every time your song cut? Like there's no better song.

I love it when people dance to the song. It happens maybe two, three times a year and it's the first time in 2021. And I really appreciate it. I wish I was videoing it, but I didn't.

Three times a year. I would have thought it was every how can you not dance when you hear it.

It just gets into your body. What is your dance song? Like you got to, you know, I would imagine you go out to the club two, three nights a week. What is the song that gets you out on the floor?

Just journeys. Don't stop believing. Really that you can dance to that? And now you're pointing up in the air and you're making fists like you're about to fight someone. So you did sort of the staying alive pointing up at the it's like, hey, look up here. And then you're like doing fists like, okay, now that you're distracted. And wow, now you're kicking. This is amazing. I wish this were not an audio pocket. Now you're doing the karate kid move from number one.

It's going to bring out in you. And because I am standing as opposed to sitting because, you know, I don't have things work with technology. And this was the only way to make this microphone stand.

I appreciate you standing to attention. I wish that most of our guests would do that. I feel like, you know, it's almost like the comedy bang bang theme is the national anthem and you forgot to sit down. I really appreciate it. It is it is going to be my new national anthem. I hope so.

Well, you're from that that's something I wanted to bring up. You're from Canada, which, you know, already just before the show started, I heard you pronounce out out twice. Yeah, but that was kind of on purpose because, you know, we don't actually say oot or a boot. We actually just say out and about as opposed to out and about.

And and so it's just a little more and like house instead of house, but not who's.

So there are some we do say, Garb Raider for garbage disposal and to for hat. And there are things that are, you know, specifically Canadian, but in terms of the accent. On my very first, when I started being second Becky, I was sent every week to this woman's house up in uploral Canyon and Glenn Quinn, who played Mark, who had an Irish accent. We were both sent for our accents to lose our accents. And I just remember like, and they do that up somewhere in Laurel Canyon.

Yeah, it was somewhere up in Laurel Canyon. I was 16. I don't know where I just remember going into this woman's house house house house house house house.

Are you sure? Yeah, you learned it.

Yeah. How see how see how see the thing with the ceiling and a floor and floor and the walls and sometimes the door. Yeah. Yeah, I went there and tried to lose my Canadian accent.

Is it something you had to work on? Do you do you tend to lose it no matter what project it is?

Because knowing that America is so big that you you are mainly appealing there. Or do you ever throw one in just as like a little nod to your friends up north? I feel like it's one of those things where every time I look at a script and start reading it, it comes out in American accent.

And the second they say cut, especially now that I'm in my hometown, I mean, my accent is obviously getting. Oh, yeah, is that where you're broadcasting from? You're up there in where? Where are you from? In British Columbia. British Columbia BC BC.

It doesn't just mean before Christ. It doesn't. It also means the best place in the world.

But I would say before Christ, the best place in the world.

Things really took a downturn once that guy came around. Excuse me. Is that how you laugh? You do the snort? I like that. It's genetic because my aunt Chrissy, she doesn't. I do it. It's just I tried. But one weird thing about accents and Canadian accents and and dialect coaches that I had completely forgotten about.

And we were recapping the story yesterday and I have never shared it because it's the most such a weird thing that happens.

So wait, is this something? Is this a scleary? You've never shared this before?

Lucy. This is a scleary. So I'd complete so this was a couple decades ago. And I was living in Canada, but kind of commuting to Los Angeles for like a chunk of auditions. So I'd go down there for like 10 days and just do a bunch of auditions. And I had this audition with Christian Slater for, I think the movie was called like Bird on a Wire, I want to say. Yeah, Portia de Rossi played the part. Okay, Bird on a Wire was that not Mel Gibson?

I believe Mel Gibson was in Bird on the Wire. Maybe you don't want to say it was a Mel Gibson movie because he's been canceled. Is that what's going on?

It's not it's not Bird on a Wire. No, it's just my it's just my my pandemic mush brain. Okay, but something like Bird on a Wire. So maybe like Eagle on a string. It was Eagle on a string. And it was very well. Christian skaters. I'm I'm I'm I'm D being Christian Slater as we tell the whole time.

It's going to come up. I mean, you know, especially with his recent resurgence with I'm a robot. Is that what his show was called? Oh, Mr.

Robot. And I know that because I'm on his IMDB page right now, but I am going to. So I I I know I'd done a movie of the week with Hillary Swank and her acting coach was Larry Moss. And he was supposed to be this really big deal. And I I I went to Samuel French Bookshop and they have this list of coaches and their numbers. And I called them up and I said, I would love to book an appointment with with you if you have time.

I have this call back and he said, okay, meet me at Barnes and Noble, like right by Third Street promenade. Sure. We all know it. Yeah. And and take the elevator to like the second floor and meet me in the foreign language section. And it's like he's a spy or something. But you're meeting deep throat. I'm not a modern reference. Everyone knows. I think it is. And well, this is like, like my bird on a wire Christmas later. This was 20 years ago. So it actually was very current.

So I'm I was like, Oh, I, um, it's actually 12 pages and there's some kind of yelling scenes.

And it goes doesn't matter. We're going to make sure that, you know, you hit a home run every time.

And I thought, well, he's the expert. Okay. So I go down to, um, to Barnes and Noble.

First real promenade. Sure. I get up to the escalator.

Form like later. And I'm there, you know, by the, you know, between Spain and I'm standing here, standing there. We start running it. What's that just pain between Spain and spas, spas, spas, tuscany, tuscany. Okay. Thank you. Okay. Between Spain and Tuscany.

Yeah. Cause you know, every let's go book has tuscany. So then I am running the scenes with him.

And we were moving through it very slowly. And he's like, now do it again. But I just want you to say every syllable very clearly focus in on every. So I'm, I'm articulating every syllable, over articulating and then not see it and practicing. I'm thinking, I don't know how this is helping me. But I guess, I mean, he's the, he's the expert. So an hour, my hour is up. We've made it about four pages into the 12 pages of audition sides. I'm super confused. He said, you know, so that'll be, it was like 220 cash or something like that. And at that point, I think I was spending about that for like, you know, a month's rent. So I was like, okay. And I said, so I just, you know, was making conversation with him. And I said, I, you know, I worked with Hillary and know her.

And I know that, you know, she speaks so highly of you. And he goes, Oh, oh, you're thinking of Larry Moss, the acting coach, I'm Larry Moss, the dialect coach.

So I sort of been in like, Wow, elocution training for an hour. Oh, no, understanding and knowing and just being so confused. Did he get like, I don't understand how this did he pinpoint any of the Canadians and try to get you to lose those or was it merely just to make sure that you were being understood the entire time?

It was making shots being understood. But I think I was being understood. Like I was just speaking the words that were on a page.

Right. So then when you got into this audition, the final callback for this Christian Slater top liner, I'm assuming cuffs too, did you then over anunciate every single word and fuck up your chances? And that's why you didn't get it. It's like, Christian, it is spectacular to me.

Well, first of all, you called him Christian in the audition, which is like, I'm sure he had a character name. I was a bit confused between reality and movies. How does that work?

Yeah. So do you feel badly that you didn't get that role?

Is that one that you take a look?

You can't even remember the name of the movie. So I can't imagine that you feel too poorly about it.

I can't find it. I have no idea. I would say stop looking down your phone during the during this interview. I just really felt like I needed to come through with that title, but I can let it Yeah. You know, this is the kind of thing. Who is Cletus Tout says our producer?

Okay. Is the name of the movie? Very similar to Bernardo Warr. You can understand why.

Who is Cletus Tout? I think that was the one answering the filmic question. Who is Cletus Tout?

I wonder. Did he play Cletus Tout? I wonder. He did. He did.

He did. Okay. What was this movie about? I'm far more interested in this than any of your major work. I think we should all go and watch who is Cletus Tout. Okay. Let's all pause the show. We'll pause it right now. We'll watch Cletus Tout and then when we come back, we'll have watched Cletus Tout and we'll talk about it.

Okay. We'll be right back. Oh my god. That was amazing. And that Portia, she was. I mean, I couldn't believe it. I couldn't have a persecution. I couldn't believe when they revealed who Cletus Tout was. Oh my god. It's a lie. It's incredible. I thought I was pronounced Cletus.

Well, yeah. I mean, that was one of the biggest reveals too was that it was Cletus Tout and everyone had been mispronouncing his name the entire movie.

And then finally at the end when he reveals who Cletus Tout is. If they'd gone to Larry Moss, the dialect coach, they would have understood the correct pronunciation. Exactly. Wow. Let's do a little section on this show. It's a new feature on this show. It's something I like to call Chalk Talk. I mean, it's a pleasure to have you. So, let's just, you know, this is the part of the show where we just kind of rap about things, you know?

I'm ready to talk. Yeah, it's just Chalk Talk. You know what I mean?

Talking with Chalk. Yeah, sure. Tell us about your new show.

It's called Firefly Lane.

It's on Netflix. I got sent the trailer and I watched it. I'm telling you every step of this process. And I can't figure out what it's about because it is maybe the most non-specific trailer I've ever seen in my life where it's you and Catherine Heigl and you are just saying things.

Yeah, words and they don't seem to have anything to do with any kind of plot.

But how was my elocution? Oh, I could understand every single word.

But it seems to be in three different time periods. And so, which leads me to believe your time travelers. So, tell us how, like, what is the mechanism for you going back and forth through time?

Is it like a sit-down time machine? Like the H.D. Wells thing? Is it, you know, or back to the future more commonly? How exactly do you ping-pong back and forth through time during this?

You're correct. It was a machine. You didn't get that from the trailer?

No one ever said the word machine.

Okay. Okay. Well, we're gonna have to work on that trailer because that should have been clear.

Just put in just one shot of your Catherine Heigl-Sate machine.

Machine! Yes. And we'll get it.

So, it's a story of two best friends over 30 years. So, we play ourselves at 18, 22, and 42, and then two other actresses play us at 14. Because I think they thought we could, you know, get into a time machine enough to maybe... There's nothing more humbling than being in a mirror and make up trailer. And people trying to be like, okay, how can we...

Exactly. Do we figure this...

There are a way to... What if we put tape? Like, what if we tape and then...

In the back of the neck.

There's a lot of consulting going on and a lot of, you know, efforts.

Well, I would imagine the 18 to 22 jump is not gonna be that much different.

But the 22 to 42 is just...

Yes. Yeah.

Yeah. So, for the 42, I pretty much wore a zero makeup, which I've never done before.

Oh, wow. And that was interesting and terrifying.

So, you're three... No, two best friends. Why would I say three? That's a weird slip up.

Was there another person that you cut out of the project?

Oh, well, there's sort of a love triangle.

Oh, okay. That's why he said three. Ben Lawson.

Ben Lawson, who's Ben Lawson?

He's Australian.

That's almost like Ben Lotten. Isn't that weird?

It's very close. Very similar. I did accidentally...

Ben Lotten at one point.

Yeah. Sometimes cleat his tout. It was hard to keep track.

At one point did you turn to him and say, So, what happened when Seal Team Six killed you?

He was so confused.

He... I'd worked with him. I did a pilot with him like 10 years ago.

And the did not go.

And then we worked together on this.

And yeah, so there's sort of a love triangle that takes place over the 30...

So, Firefly Lane, how many episodes are we talking about?

If I know my Netflix, they usually do 10. Do they not?

You've got it. You've got it, Scott.

So, there's 10 episodes. How long do these run?

I'm... If I had to guess, I'd say anywhere between 25 to 35 minutes.

53? 53 a piece? Wow.

53 a piece. This is gonna be a chunk of your day, Scott.

Okay. So, this is approximately 530 minutes of your time, which, you know, these days we have nothing but time, just to sit down for 530 minutes and watch something.

And is this a series or is it a limited thing where, okay, that's all you're gonna do or are you hoping that it comes back?

I'm very much hoping that it comes back.

We ended on a very large cliffhanger.

Oh, okay. Like a Clittest Two style cliffhanger?

Very much so. I mean, how many of those did they do?

I feel like they did like a baker's dozen.

Yeah, 13 at least.

There's 13. So, every episode ends on a cliffhanger and then the season ends on a cliffhanger.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, it's a really fun hanger.

When with Netflix, like every episode ends on a cliffhanger, it's not that big of a deal because the next episode is right there.

You can just watch the next five minutes and then turn it off and go, okay, I see what happened with the cliffhanger.

But when a season ends with a cliffhanger, this is like it's not gonna come back for a year.

I know. I hope it does.

Well, this has been Chalk Talk and so Chalk Talk's gonna end right now.

So, thanks so much for being on.

Thanks for having me. I like the abrupt.

And we're back to Comedy Bang Bang.

That was a great, a great little segment of Chalk Talk.

I think I can see that just being its own stand- Spin on, yeah, a little spin-off podcast.

Yeah, I don't know whether you're on every week, but if you know anyone else named Chalk, that would be great.

We might expand it to people who have worked at Chalk, the hospital, the children's hospital.

Yes.

People have used Chalk?

Chalk?

Any educators?

Any kids who are outside using sidewalk chalk?

When we walk by them?

There it is again.

Oatside.

Bring them in.

There it is.

Oatside.

Well, Firefly Lane is on.

I think we got a pretty good idea of what this thing is about, right?

It's out there on Netflix right now.

We want everyone to watch it to support the incredible diva known as Sarah Chalk.

Her new project, she has just revealed it to the world.

And we want to watch all 10 episodes, even if you're not interested in it.

Just turn it on and go into another room in your house.

Please.

You know, just let it play.

Please.

Exactly.

We are going to come right back.

Now, Sarah, you can stick around, I hope.

I'm here.

I thought we were going to do more.

I have not done that.

We are going to do more.

But what happens is, and I know it's been a while since you've worked on commercial TV, but we have these things called commercials, where we take little breaks during the show.

You have these in scrubs.

I'm pretty sure where something surprising would happen, and everyone would look at each other.

Donald Faison would look at you and go, oh no.

And then suddenly, like a sad music sting, it was like, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Exactly.

Yeah.

And then suddenly, you know, people are talking about vacuums and, you know, toilet scrubs and stuff.

Oh, scrubs.

Is that, did you ever get sponsored by like a toilet scrubber?

Like, hey, we're a scrubber.

This is scrubs.

Oh, that would have been so great.

What a mistake for Tony.

Oh my God.

Mark, our costumer, Carrie Bennett, she made her own line of scrubs, best ever scrubs, which we wore on the show.

Wow, incredible.

This is an incredible detail to get right before a break.

And hopefully, that's going to take you back to coming back on the other side, where we'll get more detail about that.

When we come back, we're going to be talking to an entrepreneur, and coming up a little later, we have a person who works at a rescue dog charity.

We are going to come right back with more Sarah chalk, more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here, Sarah chalk, and before the break, we hyped up an incredible tidbit of information about the costumer on scrubs, who has her own line of scrubs.

Where can people get this?

I don't know.

So that's where my story flies.

All right, wonderful.

I'm not sure, but they're so comfortable and fantastic, and you get them in every color of the rainbow.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He's an entrepreneur, and it's a rare episode of Comedy Bang Bang, Sarah, where we have an entrepreneur on.

So you must feel very, very pleased to be on one of the magical episodes where we talk to someone about their business.

He is the owner, I would imagine, and also the proprietor, I would guess, of structure a stuffy.

Please welcome Bill Eikenberry.

Scott, thank you for having me.

I'm very pleased to be here.

And what a wonderful show this is so far.

I was listening.

Oh, you were listening.

I was listening.

Yes, I was listening as I waited in the green room.

Why are you waiting in the green room?

Because we're on a Zoom.

You could just, were you in a different room?

I have a green room in my house, and that's where I do my waiting for things.

Oh, is that where you grow your pot?

I beg your pardon?

Nothing.

If you were growing pot, you probably would.

You know, we could have winked and been like, yeah, man, four, twenty.

No, I'm in a different business.

You're in a business.

As you alluded to in the introduction that you gave me.

Well, I didn't just allude to it.

I just flat out said it.

You are the owner and proprietor of structure a stuffy.

Is that right?

Yes, I am.

And I'm proud to do that.

It's a business that I started in my home.

And now I have a massive factory.

Oh, incredible.

By the way, this is Sarah chalk.

Have you ever been a fan of Roseanne or Scrubs or the Rose Missy?

Yes.

Both of those.

Of all three things.

All three things.

You've seen all three of those.

Yes, yes.

Thank you, Bill.

Are you, I guess I should, I was going to ask, please, is anything like Build-A-Bear, but I probably shouldn't bring up a competitor.

I apologize.

But you know what?

That's fine.

So, Sarah, that's fine.

It's very much like Build-A-Bear.

Structure a stuffy is a business.

It's a little more specific than Build-A-Bear, because you know, Build-A-Bear, it's for children who want to Build-A-Bear.

And I confess that I have heard of Build-A-Bear, and I believe I saw a video of it once, but I'm not remembering exactly how you saw a video of it once.

I believe that in my heart.

What were the circumstances?

Can I ask?

I think I was watching television, and there was perhaps a news piece on it, or something like that.

For some reason, that's sticking in my head.

Well, I'd love it if the news would report on structure a stuffy, because I think a lot of people would like to know about it.

What we do is, much like, okay, so Build-A-Bear, Scott, if you're not familiar, if you didn't retain all the details from that news report you watched, Build-A-Bear lets children create their own stuffed teddy bear, and they are in control of the details, and they...

I see.

So they can make the arms really muscular?

Or what?

If they want to make a teddy bear that's flat out swole, like a chameleon Johnny, they can do that.

And then, of course, they could take pictures with the bear sitting in front of a plate of a cake with a dozen eggs on top and say, cheat day.

So that's what Build-A-Bear is.

What are the options you can get?

Is it like, put a bow tie on him, or a top hat?

At Build-A-Bear, full outfits.

Sarah, you're a mother, so you probably know about Build-A-Bear.

You've probably heard of this, right?

I was in New York in January, and I went to my first Build-A-Bear, and my daughter built a bear, and they stand by the machine and they put all the stuffing in, and that's super exciting.

See, Scott, now do you get it?

I don't know that I would want to see stuffing put into...

I don't know that I want to see the process, you know what I mean?

It's like...

Uh-huh.

If they don't put organs in, it's really just stuffing.

So it's not gruesome to watch.

It's like, okay, I'm married, right?

They do put a heart in.

Well, you get to take a heart and you kiss it, and you make a wish, you wish a blood, you put it inside.

But I guess what I'm saying is, I'm married, but I wouldn't want to watch God creating my wife from the peanut.

You know what I mean?

Like all the sinews.

You must feel it, sir.

You see how it's different, though.

Maybe.

A one time I was at a Build-A-Bear, this is when I was...

I was very intrigued by Build-A-Bear, and I didn't know why, because I am my wife and I are child-free by choice, my choice.

And...

You're...

Just your child.

She wants to have children?

We flipped early on.

When we got married, it's part of our vows.

We flipped to coin to see if we were going to have kids.

It's not an...

I'm hurting the vows.

And what...

And how was the honeymoon when she realized that you were not going to have children?

Well, the honeymoon was fine.

Look, we agreed upon it beforehand.

So she wasn't a sore loser.

She was...

No, my wife, Lil.

She's wonderful, and she is not a sore loser at all.

How many did she want?

She's a great gal.

Oh, she wanted to point out...

She wanted to have an army.

Are you kidding me?

She...

I remember when we were courting, she said, I want to flood the world with children, I said.

I don't know.

I don't know if I could have sex that much.

I don't know if I'm on board.

Well, I didn't say that.

And what a beautiful name, Lil.

Is it short for Lil?

Yes, it is.

Is she little?

No, she's very tall.

Oh, it's one of those ironic names.

Yes, my wife is 6'4".

Well, but your birth name is Lil.

Because her parents were not very measured.

So she came out and was like, well, she's little.

And that was it.

And then immediately...

It was one of those things where they immediately the nurse wrote it down.

You've heard these stories where somebody gets an accidental name at the hospital because of these nurses.

They're so quick on the draw with them.

Oh my god, anything you say?

No, you got to be careful.

You got to be careful.

So anyway, so we don't have kids, but I was fascinated by a builder there because it's not the joy that it gave children when they could put the heart in.

One time I did see a little girl who didn't want the heart put in.

And they said, okay, now it's time for the heart.

And she went, no, no, I don't like that part.

Interesting.

So she went home with a heartless bear.

And she was with the look she had on her face to.

I'd never forget it.

She was haunting.

Anyway, so I would...

I observed this and I thought, this is...

This gives so much joy.

There's got to be a way to give joy to people that don't have kids.

And I thought, who, beyond children, who are the people that like stuffed animals the most?

And I realized it was sanitation workers.

Every time you see a trash truck, they have one of those big stuffed animals on the front of their truck.

And I thought, these guys, they must want to participate in something like this.

So that's what structure of stuff he does.

It gives sanitation workers.

Yes.

I don't know that I've noticed that.

Is that a thing?

Never.

You've never seen on the front of a trash truck, a big dirty stuffed animal.

I've never seen this.

Now that you mention it, I guess maybe once or twice.

Yes, of course.

Of course you have, Scott.

Of course you have.

And it's a thing that it doesn't register much to you because you're not the sanitation worker.

You don't know the love that goes into those stuffed animals.

And so I realized there's a market here.

And so I started out small.

We just, as I said, a little in our home.

Yeah.

That's right.

In our home.

And we dedicated, I think that was the brown room.

Every room in our house is a different color.

Do you have like the full Roy G Biv or?

Oh yes, absolutely.

And beyond.

We have, there's so many gradations.

And beyond.

That would be a great character in something like a toy story.

Roy G Biv and beyond?

Yes.

Or a Bed Bath and Beyond like sister store.

Bed Bath and Beyond.

That's what I say every time I enter a Bed Bath and Beyond.

That's right.

And you're stepping into the future.

Oh, then I hit them with those coupons.

And they don't like to see me.

They don't like it.

But you know those things can't expire, even though they have an expiration date.

And they add up and I hoard them, Sky.

I hoard them from months and months and months.

Which room in your house are those in?

That's in the white and blue room.

The white and blue room.

Wait, did you combine some colors?

Sometimes it depends.

Like the Bed Bath and Beyond colors are white and blue.

And so we know immediately.

Like if you walk into the blue room, you might think, are the Bed Bath and Beyond coupons in here?

And then it's like, no, they're not.

Because this is just blue.

Wait, so do all of your possessions are kept in whatever room that color the possession is?

That's exactly right.

So do you have to go to like, what if you need like a saucer?

And it's pink.

You just go get it from the pink room and then you got to come back to the kitchen.

Exactly because, well, we don't have a kitchen because there was too...

It was just, it would have been a riot of color in there because, you know, and of course also the metallic paint because a lot of the things are metallic.

And you can't do that because of the Tin Man.

He died.

The actor who played the Tin Man died because of the paint.

And so my wife in our very safety conscious.

But he had the tin.

Yes, but he had the tin man died.

Did you hear?

I'm not paying from that paint.

But he wore it.

Yeah, it was a slow death.

It was a slow death.

And he died, I think it is upper 90s.

But he died.

He died.

There's no way around that.

Buddy Upton is dead.

And in the ground.

He is dead AF, is he not?

Yeah.

So you don't have a kitchen.

How do you do food?

How do we do food?

This is a great question, Sarah.

What we do is we order out and then we eat in the brown room because it comes in a brown bag.

And of course, when you take the food out at different college, but it's a little bit of cheating.

But also when it comes out the other end, when it comes out the other end, it's brown as well.

So I got, I hope so.

You know, if you're lucky.

Sure.

So, so we started.

So it makes it not to keep harping on this, but it must make it easy to find things if you can remember what color they are.

So like, oh, where did I put my keys?

This is exact keys are gold.

Go in the gold room.

You have gold keys.

How many rooms?

Do you win the key to the city or?

You know, gold is a color as well.

So, yeah, we started in the brown room, but then we realized that for these sanitation workers, what they really want is bears in different colors that really show the grime.

So we moved on to the white room and the pink room and we have so many, the robin's egg room.

You have a lot of rooms here.

How big is your house?

Oh, in my house, there are many mansions as scripture tells us.

It's a big house.

Well, it's, we hired the same contract from the Winchester Mystery Mansion.

So they, it's, it's in a continual state of build and it's loud and, you know, we sometimes, sometimes when I would say, did we make a mistake?

And then we think, no, we didn't make a mistake because we love our lives.

Well, everyone, so while a new color will pop up and you need to build an addition.

Well, we don't, we, we build them as needed.

So we don't, it's, it's not that, you know, Pantone releases some statement and we're like, well, we got a bell room.

But you buy a possession that has a color that you don't have a room for.

That's our workaround, yes.

And then we say, well, we need, we need to build new room for this.

This trash key.

Now this, this house that you have that is so roomy and so many rooms.

So roomy.

Did you, it's not the house that structure a stuffy built because you had it and you started in the brown room.

Yeah, where did, where did your money come from?

Where did it come from?

Is it family?

Like, how did this work?

We are, I, this is embarrassing to say, but we are independently wealthy because of a treasure map.

Oh, a treasure map.

We found a treasure map.

Wow.

On our first date, can you believe it?

That's when we knew we're going to get married because it would look like this.

Yeah, incredible.

And this was incredible.

We found a treasure map and we said, okay, well, I guess we're not going to go see CleanIt's Tout.

Let's go.

This is about 20 years ago.

Yeah, this is about 20.

We've been married.

2000 years.

Got it.

And, and we said, so let's skip the movie.

Let's, let's find this treasure.

Gotta get that treasure.

Um, you know, it's like the meme.

Good morning.

Let's get that treasure.

So you found this treasure, two questions about the treasure.

First of all, I'm assuming, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, I'll, take questions about the treasure all day long.

I'm assuming that you, you built all of these rooms in your house because you were expecting to have that many kids.

Were the coin flip to go the other way?

Here's the thing is that, uh, little said, I think we should build a bunch of rooms in case we have a kid.

I, in case we have, uh, an army of kids like I want.

And I said, I think we should build a bunch of rooms because we can really spread out.

And we won't be underfoot, uh, with each other all the time, you know.

And let me tell you something, it really paid off in this pandemic because, uh, we're, we have, we have so much space to stretch out and we're never in each other's business.

I can only assume that it would go, you'd go days without seeing her.

No, Scott.

Well, she's so tall.

Yeah, you're right.

And all the, all the walls are partitions.

So I can always see where she is in the house.

And you know, it's not.

You see you.

Where do you fall in the partition?

Yeah.

How tall are you?

I am, I am, I'm five, I'm five, 10.

So I am a mid-sized king.

I'm a mid-sized king and I'm just under, I'm just, just like, just a little bit above the partition.

So she can see the top of my head, like the very, like the very, the crown.

She can see the crown of my head, but you got to look because you're not always going to see that right away.

And if I'm in the room, uh, if I'm in the blonde room, because I have beautiful blonde hair, she's not going to be on the gorgeous.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

How do you, what do you do?

How do you, what do you, what do you products?

I mean, are you, is this like a, is that a straight nation or like that?

Or what do you want to use as main and tail, the horse shampoo.

And it's not, it's not just for horses.

It's also for me.

And I, I, it makes, it makes not just a hair on my head, glisten and shine, but also, uh, the fine hairs, because I'm blonde, the fine hairs all over my body, um, uh, are also very lustrous.

See, you're shampoo and conditioner all over your body.

Over my body.

I was going to say, you're shirtless right now and it looks, it looked to me as if you shaved your entire body, but that's actually just blonde hair.

I am not, I'm not shirtless per se.

I'm wearing a tube top.

I'll tilt the camera down.

I can see, but I do like, I like people to think, I like people to think I'm nude on a zoom.

So I always wear a tube top to these things.

Thank you.

I appreciate it.

For warmth or for modesty?

Well, just as a reveal, like I, I wait until people, I wait until people acknowledge it and I say, I'm not nude.

I'm wearing it to die.

Um, one other, one other question to know about the treasure.

Was this treasure underwater?

Or was it below the ground?

It was a land, it was a land treasure.

It was, oh, so I have a friend who, who primarily, I don't know that we call him a friend necessarily, but we've had a guest on this show who primarily finds treasure underneath the sea within water and yours was land based.

You're describing a guy like Brock Lovett, the famous treasure hunter.

Yeah, you've heard of him.

That's where he's been on the show several times.

Obviously my wife and I became kind of treasure nerds after we found this treasure.

Do all treasure like finders stick to like, it's kind of like a community or how does that work?

Well, on the show previously, we've established they'll be on the message boards and suddenly constantly on the message boards.

Yes.

There'll be a heading of new treasure.

It's out there.

That's right.

Yeah.

And we're on those message boards and, uh, we're, since we're land treasure people, we're called dirt kickers.

That's what you call land treasure people.

And, um, uh, the, the, the guys who, the guys who look for a treasure under the sea, they're called wet willies.

And, uh, and, and there's very few air treasure people.

Oh, there.

I would imagine the DB Cooper, maybe it's still floating up there, like all the dollars were said they haven't floated down to the ground yet.

But I think he had the container.

I don't think they gave him the money.

Like in a big pie.

Nobody.

I think he scooped it up with his arms.

I think he was in his backpack, wasn't it?

Or maybe I'm just remembering the poster from the movie that came out in like, 19 year, remembering the poster.

And it had dollar bills fluttering out.

Yes.

That's the.

So there's air treasure hunters.

Is there also like space treasure hunters?

Do you.

Oh, I would imagine.

I would, here's the thing.

There was, um, I think a lot of people think there's treasure in the air from, uh, the video game Animal Crossing.

Um, and they think that there's just balloons floating around there with wrapped gifts.

And, uh, that no one has found one.

Yeah, there's a lot of rumors, but no one's found one yet.

So I feel they're called air heads.

Those, those treasure people.

Oh, okay.

Um, did you say, by the way, did you say wrapped gifts or wrapped gifts?

I said wrapped gifts.

Oh, okay.

Cause it wrapped up.

You're talking about.

Well, wrap gifts are, it would be like, you know, a scrubs hoodie or.

Oh, like a, like a branded, a branded fleece.

Yeah.

A travel mug.

Usually they're like, treasure on it.

Baseball hats with the Oscars on it.

Right.

Baseball hats with the Oscars on it.

I'm just talking about my closet.

I do think there are space treasure hunters.

Uh, I have not seen one on the message boards, but I do remember a television show called salvage one.

And it was about, uh, some people build a homemade rocket so they go up to the moon and collect all the shit that they, like, got left up there.

And then they were going to sell it back to the government.

Do you think that's why Elon Musk is going up there?

Maybe he's a space treasure hunter.

I can only imagine.

Amazing space.

So are there fire treasure hunters as well?

I can't imagine.

I would imagine that's the most dangerous type of treasure.

I think it's also, it's, well, here's the thing, because fire is not a fixed thing.

I think the idea that you're going to hide your treasure in a fire.

I was thinking it would be okay.

It creates a logistical nightmare.

Sure.

So I mean, there could be some, but I haven't come across them yet.

So Bill, you, you, uh, your treasure nerds, have you found any other treasure or was it, was this the only treasure that you found?

No, because that, you know, that's, that's the, that's the map.

We found that map.

And then mostly we've been looking for the maps to find the treasure.

Yeah.

Because that, that experience is so fun.

And on the message boards, they'll tell you exactly what the treasure is.

And it's like, well, that's, yeah.

Okay.

But is there a map?

Right.

Where did you find the map on your first date?

On the ground.

Really just lay in there.

Where?

What part of town?

It was downtown.

Were you just being like good Samaritans picking up litter or could you, were you just like, oh, that's a treasure map?

Well, you know, it was a very windy day.

And, uh, you know, sometimes the trash will swirl around in the wind, uh, little cyclones of trash and, uh, a, uh, Like that movie American Beauty that came out around 20 years ago.

Yeah.

That was her second choice.

We're either going to see Cleeley's.

Just out or American Beauty.

Two of your favorite actors.

That's right.

Christian Slater and...

Christmas's own Kevin Spacey.

That's right.

He's really co-op to Christmas with his famous Christmas day messages that everyone loves.

No one else is more associated with Christmas than Santa Claus other than Santa Claus, I would imagine.

No.

It's Kevin Spacey all the way.

And, uh, so this, uh, this treasure map, uh, is like blowing along the block.

And you could see that it was different from a block away.

Like we saw it coming towards us.

And it's got the...

It's, you know, it's, it's, it's all, uh, wrinkled.

It's got the torn edges.

Sure.

Uh, the, the, the browned edges, the, uh, intimating that it's old.

Yeah.

And it's big.

It's like a big piece of trash that's coming at us.

And, uh, and so it, it, it, it, it blew right up against Lil's shin.

And she's got gorgeous legs, of course.

Oh yeah.

I would imagine.

Are those, are those long?

I mean, she's 6'4.

She's got long stems.

They go all the way up.

Sure.

And torso.

Very short.

So a tube top to her would cover her entire.

It's a dress.

Well, I'm, well, yes, exactly.

So we, so we buy tube tops.

I wear them for this and she wears them to go out in the town.

And, um, uh, so I, I said, this is a treasure map.

I think this is a good omen for us.

And so we immediately set out to find the treasure.

And I think how far away was it?

Uh, it was, let's see.

We got to the airport.

Oh, okay.

So this was not local based treasure.

No, no, no.

It was in the Caribbean.

And, uh, we, uh, so we, we got, I mean, this was an exciting first date.

And, um, yeah.

I mean, destination date on your first date.

That's incredible.

We, the hardest part was showing up to the airport and, and pointing to the map and saying, do you have tickets for here?

And, uh, well, because you don't want the, the person at the airport to know where the treasure is either because I would imagine they would quit their job.

It's true.

We were not experienced treasure hunters.

And I guess, I guess it would have been suspicious if the, if the, if the person at the desk had said, no, there's no such place.

And then immediately left the desk.

There's a certain demographic memory.

Yeah, exactly.

Screenshot.

It's only 20 years ago.

People doing screenshots?

No, I mean, you know what I mean?

They didn't even dream about it.

It's like I had a, I had a motoral razor, I think.

So, um, so we get there, we get there to this island and we, uh, and we, we start following the instructions of the map and, uh, you know, taking all the paces and so forth.

And, uh, finally we got to where the X indicated we should start digging and we started digging and we found that treasure.

How far down was it?

It was like two feet down.

It really wasn't that hard.

Wow.

It was, it was very shallow.

That's like the surface.

I think that, I think that, because it was an island, I think that it had eroded.

I think it had a load.

Oh, okay.

And, uh- How long was it there?

Do you think buried?

Uh, probably- I guess it could have, yeah, it could have been decades or it could have been, uh, you know, a couple of hours.

I think it was 251 years.

Wow.

Hours.

Well, since it was so close to the surface.

Hold on a second.

It's been a good period.

For mere hours, how did the map end up where we were?

I'm saying that the person who buried it, lets the map out into the wild and knows that, you know, someone's coming.

Okay.

So even though we took a plane to get to this place.

Sure.

It gives him about him or her.

This map.

Give him about 12 hours.

It's an ocean.

Yeah, he gets a head start.

He lets the map out or has an associate do it.

Right.

I saw that in end of itself.

Like Derek De LaGuardio isn't putting the brick out onto the street.

Audio.

What's his name?

Delgaudio.

Okay.

I apologize.

We're obviously huge magic enthusiasts.

He never said his name in the actual movie.

He never came out and said, you know, let you know how, I don't know if you know the world of standup comedy, but a standup comedy because it's supposed to say their name at the beginning of their set and at the end of their set.

What's worse than standup comedy?

Yeah, I know.

I know.

But in any case, so congratulations.

I mean, do you still have any of that money or were you like Jay Leno never actually living on your treasure money?

Yeah, I'm going to touch out treasure money.

But I thought that's how you start up money for the house.

But after that, you don't touch it.

Exactly.

We started up for the house of the business and then that treasure as we went back in the chest and...

Wait, did you bury the treasure yourself?

In a matter of speaking.

I mean, it's in the basement.

And oh, okay.

So did you make a map to it?

Yeah.

Do we have that?

We have that map.

It's on the fridge.

Oh, it's on the fridge.

And you know it's still there, right?

It hasn't like blown away and is out there in the wild.

No, that was your scenario.

Well, no, my scenario was someone let the map loose first and then said, I got to go bury that treasure and got a head start.

They...

Hold on a second.

They let the map go first and then they buried the treasure.

Well, yeah, it's like a fun day.

They're standing at the burial site and they say, all right, go map go.

Okay, got to have them.

Well, no, they're standing in whatever city you're at.

They let the map go.

Then they hop on a plane.

And wouldn't you like to know what city I'm at?

I really, really would because I would love to find that treasure.

That will remain secret, I'm afraid.

But it is a city that has wind.

That's your first clue.

Chicago?

Chicago is wind.

Could be.

Okay.

All right.

You seem to have quite a disdain for stand-up comics.

Is this like a personal experience?

Or is it like a...

Are you a failed stand-up comic?

No, how dare you?

I would never...

I wouldn't sully myself.

Lil and I once went to see a stand-up comedy show.

And this comedian, he saw us in the crowd.

And he started merciful, mercilessly ripping into us.

A clothing.

How long we'd been together.

What we did for a living.

Were you wearing the tube top?

Yes, I was.

We were both wearing tube tops.

She was wearing a dress.

It was summer.

This sounds exactly like what I'm doing.

I'm talking to you about your tube top, what you do for a living, your treasure.

But you're not standing on a stage in front of other people.

Oh.

And you're ridiculing us.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's only when we go on tour.

Get that guy.

Well, I feel like we haven't talked about structure of stuffy all that much.

We got hung up on the treasure.

Is there anything left to say about it?

I just want to say, if you're a sanitation worker, and you're looking to brighten your day, and have someone to love while you're out on your route, come to structure a stuffy.

What you can do is you can build your own oversized stuffed animal that will attract all manner of crime.

And you get to put the heart in yourself.

And the heart, of course, is made of trash.

Wow.

You make a wish.

You have to give the trash.

You have to get the trash.

But it's clean.

It's clean trash.

Yeah.

And when you say oversized, do you mean bigger than a normal stuffed bear, or bigger than an actual bear?

What do you think I mean?

I asked the question because I don't know.

I'm going to say that bigger than a normal bear would be an obstacle to driving the truck.

But these are big trash trucks.

Yes, they are.

And bears are big animals.

True.

What's bigger if you had to guess?

A trash truck or a bear?

Sure.

I didn't say trash truck.

Okay, great.

So you still can kind of figure out from your eyes what I'm going to say, a trash truck approach to bear.

The bear would say, uh oh, I got to get out of here.

That thing has been bigger than me.

Well, wonderful bill.

I can bury.

Where can people find your stuff?

At the store.

Go to the store.

And there it is.

The structure of stuffy.

We have over 3000 locations.

That's as many miles as it is across this US of A.

Everywhere there's trash, there's a structure of stuffy.

Wow.

So when you see your sanitation worker on your street, he's picking up your disgusting cans.

Make sure you wave and say hello to this to this stuffy that's strapped to the front.

And say, Bill, I can bury sent me.

I don't say that.

Okay, sure.

But you can say anything else.

Just wait.

You say anything else.

But try to remain deadly quiet.

Because it's a bear.

You want to awaken the sleeping bees.

If you see one, if you see one, make yourself a bit bigger.

Well, that is because, you know, if you're seeing a bear too, it could be a real bear and not a stuffed bear.

You never know.

Well, you often know.

Often, but you know, usually the bears, fake, fake bears are sort of cartoonish in quality.

They're not going to mimic.

Yeah, exactly.

I guess it depends if it's like from the brown room or if it's like from like Marion barrier tote or if it's like a baby pink or soft pink.

Exactly.

These are all harder to tell.

It's harder to tell if it's, you know, real bear.

Exactly.

Bermuda peacock.

These are blues peacock, by the way, streaming now.

Uh, you can get, uh, I'm sure the entire nine or 10 seasons of scrubs on peacock, I would imagine.

Is that true, Sarah?

Um, I don't know, Bill.

I can vary.

Are you aware?

I am not aware.

Um, Scott, what do you think?

I think, uh, it depends on who produced the show.

Did NBC own it?

So, ABC touchstone owned it.

We were on NBC, then we switched to ABC for the last season.

Oh, god.

This is hard to gauge.

But I thought it was not a big shock then.

I'm guessing I'm going to say not on peacock.

That's it.

This is a great new feature for 2021 on peacock or not.

It actually, it airs right after talk talk.

Okay.

Good.

But if you do want to do the on or off peacock spinoff, I'd be into it.

Just.

Yeah, I would love to have you on is not necessarily a full equal co-host, but, uh, of course not.

No, no, no, I would never.

Psychics.

I would never say.

Psychic or, you know, second Becky third, before.

Second, yeah.

Fourth Becky would, yeah.

What, how, how, how liberal is the title?

Chalk talk because I have chalks that are the kind of, uh, they're the wedges you put under airplane wheels.

Mm.

Yeah.

It's not spelled the same way, but it does sound like it.

It sounds a little like.

I think you can come on.

You thinking, come on?

I don't know.

I, you've got my contact info.

So the next episode of chalk talk, if you, if you can't, your address is right down here.

No, no, hold on a second.

My, that's a P.O. box.

Oh, that's a P.O.

Are you just saying it's a P.O. box?

So I don't show up to your house tonight and try to get that treasure.

It looks like an address.

All right.

Look, we have to take a break speaking of taking things.

When we come back, we're going to have, uh, we're going to be talking to, uh, the person who works at the rescue dog charity.

That's fantastic.

So we are going to come right back.

We'll be right back with more Sarah chalk more bill.

I can bury.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Sarah chalk of firefly lane, which to me sounds like these two characters live on firefly lane.

Is that the one?

I mean, Scott, you are very, very, very bright because.

I mean, I, I, quite honestly, this, this trailer left me no clues as to what this show was about.

They never mentioned firefly lane as far as I'm concerned.

They don't talk about like, Hey, isn't it great to have houses next or to each other on firefly lane?

It's just like saying random words that don't have anything to do with each other.

They met.

They met random, not like the specific sentence.

Isn't it great to have houses next to each other on firefly?

Right.

So they, they actually live on.

Got it.

They live, they live there.

Do you made this trailer?

Is that your, is that why you're taking notes?

None take.

All right.

So, uh, we also have Bill Eikenberry of structure of stuffy.

Uh, you got any one of us 3000 stores out there, wherever trash is disposed of.

And, uh, we do need to get to our next guest speaking of disposing things.

I just very quickly plug my new project, Lightning Bug Lane, which is going to be seen on Amazon.

Sure.

Yeah.

This is already pitch structure of stuffy.

Bill, you're just a one plug per person.

I, well, that's what I was told.

Okay.

Is that why you're not plugging, uh, scrubs on peacock?

That's why I was playing dumb going.

I don't know where it was.

I was contractually.

I thought it was one plug.

I understand.

I would appreciate if he stuck to his sanitation bear plug, as opposed to encroaching on my firefly lane plug with his lightning bug.

I, I do apologize.

I do apologize.

That was rude and un-gentlemanly.

Well, if you want to, my PO box is at the bottom of the screen.

So you just ship me a structure of stuffy.

Yeah.

We all put our PO box.

We have a lot of more screens.

What's that?

Do you have a trash truck?

No redundant questions.

Obviously, I have a trash truck.

How do you think I get around safely?

Do you know that this is the most, it's the safest being a bear?

I would love to send you a complimentary structure of stuffy for your trash truck.

And I will leave the heart out so you can put it in yourself.

Yeah.

Don't be putting any of your wishes in my I would never, I would never.

You've never put your wishes in another.

I would hope that I think that would probably really, you know, interfere with the integrity of your company.

My only wish for all stand-up comedians to die.

Oh, wow.

Every birthday, that's what I wish.

It's never come true.

Came close with COVID.

You must have really felt special on your birthday in 2020.

And countdown all these different set of comedians.

All right.

We do need to get to our next guest, but I was going to say speaking of disposing of things, our next guest tries to make sure that we do not dispose of these dogs.

At her rescue dog charity, please welcome first time on the show, Deb Tunt.

Oh, hi. How are you guys doing?

It's so good to be here.

You're doing great.

Thank you so much.

It's great to have you.

Thank you.

And I'm loving this.

And I got to say, Sarah, I got to say, I loved the scrubs.

And I thought you and Dak Shepard were so good together on that show.

And I loved it.

And it really is a, it's an honor.

Oh, yeah.

Dax and I had a great time.

He's really funny, fun in person, bright.

It's a great guy to work with, isn't he?

Yeah.

I'd plug his podcast, but we're down to one plug.

Oh, yeah.

And by the way, I'm not letting anyone plug any other podcasts on this show anymore, because I talked about it last week.

I have Conan O'Brien on to plug his show.

Suddenly, his show is more popular than my show.

I give him the old CBB bump, so no more.

Yeah, that's in a pretty...

No CBB bumps for Dak Shepard.

No, not for his...

Not for his...

But his podcast is fantastic, Scott.

I mean, have you listened?

No, I know.

Yeah, he's incredible.

Yeah, so I mean, everyone, of course, should listen to it.

So, Deb Tont, you work at a rescue dog charity.

I do, yeah.

I work at Tunt's Runtz.

And what we do here is we take rescue guys.

Is that named after yourself, by the way?

Yes, my last name is Tunt.

Oh, I know.

I just wondered if it was already named that, and then you started working there.

Could you imagine the world where that coincidence would have happened?

But no, no, that was me.

That was me.

Tunt is my maiden.

I didn't take my husband's name.

Oh, why?

What's his name?

Dianetics, is his name.

Oh, I can...

Yeah, I can understand.

Yeah, so I stuck with Tunt.

But yeah, so we have Tunt's Runtz, and we're up in Sawyer, Michigan, and we have...

It's nice up there.

It is nice.

I do love it.

I love Michigan.

You go love where you live, otherwise move.

I need to point that on a pillow.

I'm serious.

But I will say, so we have an open land, which is nice.

And all these dogs would wander onto our property, and they were half-dead or...

Half-alive, you could look at it like that.

And I'm loving this.

I'm really loving this attitude, because really that's what we got to go into in 2021 and beyond.

So yeah, so they are half-alive when they come on.

That's the truth.

And...

Wonderful.

And so Kale and I decided, you know, what if we...

Kale is...

Kale Dianetics.

That's my husband.

Yeah.

What does he do?

We're both full-time with the rescue.

And he put...

Is he from...

Like, where does he get his family name?

Is he related to Elrond Hubbard at all?

Yeah, what ethnicity is he?

That what you're asking?

He's Greek.

No, not necessarily that.

He's Greek.

Oh, he's Greek.

Oh, okay.

Wonderful.

Okay, so it's probably...

It's spelled differently than the famous book.

It's like D...

It's spelled with a bunch of wise and...

In case...

And yes, yeah.

So yeah, so no, he's Greek.

And so we decided...

What if we created an official place for these rescue dogs?

And one of the things that I love...

So it was an unofficial place.

They were just hanging out at your house in this open land?

Yeah, they would wander onto our property.

You know, half alive.

And we decided we're just going to keep them.

So now they wander into the store instead.

Oh, well, I hesitate to use the word store.

Because what you're implying is that you could purchase a dog.

And I just feel that anyone who purchases a dog instead of rescues a dog is a monster.

And it really...

Because there's just too much...

Why is that?

I mean...

Because there's too many...

There's too many.

And you're playing God.

You're playing God by saying this is the type of dog I want.

Because you can't really own a living being, can you?

I agree.

Except for fish.

I do think you can want a fish.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Snakes.

Yes.

I wouldn't advise it.

We do have a lot of snakes on the property.

And in fact, a lot of the half alive dogs were the victims of snake attacks.

Oh, how many snakes are on your property?

Do you live in a snake farm?

I look out there and I'm thinking, is that Medusa's head or is that our backyard?

Well, if you're not stone at the end of that look, then it's probably your backyard.

Oh, I am always so impressed with how educated you are, Scott.

I mean it.

Thank you so much.

I have approximately a senior in high school education.

Well, that is fantastic.

I say approximately because I don't believe I was supposed to graduate, but I sort of finagled my way through it.

Well, you did.

And you know how I look at that?

I say you have a quarter of a PhD then.

Thank you so much.

I love the optimism on this show for 2021.

It got a positive for 2021.

Yeah.

That's right.

So we started Tunt's Runts and what we've done is none of our dogs are fixed.

And so we...

They when they wander into the place, they're full on.

They got all the parts?

Well, yeah.

Well, yeah, they do.

And we don't think it is our job to decide what the dog's choice would be.

So they are not fixed.

And...

Are there any of those dogs who can do the tricks like, you know, where you do math tricks and they pound the floor?

I guess that's a horse, but there are dogs who do those kind of tricks.

Who you could ask them, hey, do you want to have your penis chopped off?

And they like pound the floor a couple of times?

I don't think it's the...

If I may.

Sorry, Deb.

Yes, no, please.

I don't think they chopped the penis off the dog.

Oh wait, is this the other stuff?

It depends on what vet you go to, honestly.

You've seen some pretty gruesome...

It's one of the reasons...

This is like choosing what vaccine you get.

You know, are you gonna get the Moderna?

Are you gonna get the Johnson & Johnson?

It's like an either or...

What are you gonna have chopped off?

Yeah.

Or you could just let your immune system do what it's supposed to do.

But one of the things...

Okay.

I didn't realize...

One of the things that I...

I'm in the tent.

Oh, I don't know.

I don't know.

Wait, who booked Miss Dunne?

It's...

You know, I say Mrs. Tunt, even though it is my maiden name.

I do hope I miss this Tunt.

Oh, okay, Mrs. Tunt.

I have always done this.

Two books, Mrs. Tunt.

But yeah, so we don't think that that's our choice.

So we, our dogs...

It's wonderful because the rescue dog is the best breed.

And so we don't like to say we breed our rescues, but we do...

We do love that that breed will breed for us.

I see.

So you're making new...

Sorry.

Yeah.

May I ask a question?

Oh, you don't even have to say may I ask the question.

You could just ask the question.

Thank you, Mrs. Tunt.

Yes.

Miss Tunt.

Have you considered the slogan?

Yes.

A rescue dog is the best cue dog.

Honestly, I will cash app you whatever you want.

No, no, no.

That is honestly...

Well, also he's independent...

I treasure...

A treasure that's been unburied.

Oh!

No, not required.

Because a lot of the dogs we get were...

Were buried when we find them.

So...

Freely!

Yes, we do have to unburry a lot of the dogs.

They're in a rough, rough, rough condition.

So I'm loving it.

So someone's burying the dogs half alive?

Yes.

People are really...

Really?

A lot of times they're covered in snakes.

That's right, Sarah.

Sometimes they're in a...

What we call in Michigan, a snake grave.

But that's just Michigan, I don't know.

But...

I don't know that we have those out here in California.

I don't know where I am.

We're up there in BC.

I don't know.

Yes.

I think I know where you are.

I think you're in Missouri.

I notice...

I notice your accent.

That's Missouri.

But any...

We really have found a purpose by doing this.

And you know, you touched on it earlier, Scott, that...

Oh, good.

In COVID, a lot of people are lonely.

They're real lonely.

And I think if you can adopt a dog, we also don't necessarily like to say adapt.

We like to say embrace a dog.

Because adapt implies, again, some sort of ownership.

Some sort of, yeah, like a hierarchy within the family.

Absolutely.

Hierarchy is a great word for it.

Thank you.

Yes.

And so...

No, take it.

I don't follow that.

But...

So we encourage you to...

Instead of going out there and raising a ruckus, just embrace a dog.

So don't raise a ruckus.

Give us a few buckus.

That's another great...

Again, I encourage you not to exchange money for a dog.

Because again, that...

Okay.

So all these dogs are free.

If you come to Tonsrants, you don't have to have credit card ID or hell, even a shirt.

It's just cash.

I'm just curious, this is tough, because you're breeding them.

And you're also...

We're not breeding them.

We're not breeding.

You're letting them...

You're letting nature take its course.

The rest of the best you...

Like the immune system.

The rest of the best you...

Just like your immune system, we're letting them do what God intended us to do.

Sure.

Wait, did God intend us to have sex?

Yes, yes, but only for procreation.

I think that God is fine with us having sex, because it's necessary.

But I don't think he wants us to, right?

I mean, don't you think it's kind of dirty and it's a sin?

I think some people do it in a way that it is, yes.

But I think...

Which people...

I mean, my life.

Oh, I worry about you and Lil, because it seems like you have an active life without the process of procreation.

So I worry about it, but I don't judge, because that's judging us for God.

And for the folks on the voice, I do love the voice as well.

I love...

I love it because they don't know what the singers look like until they push their button and they turn around.

That actually inspired us.

We do a voice-like system, as far as getting people to embrace the dogs.

So we have...

They listen to the dog and they smell the dog, but they don't see the dog.

And then...

So then they say...

So they use four of the five senses.

They use listening.

Yes.

They use smelling.

And they...

Are they allowed to touch?

They're... You cannot.

It's voice-able.

Cannot touch. Okay. So three...

So it was... No touching.

It's just listening and smelling.

It's voice-roll.

So just two of the five.

And do you have special chairs, like the actual voice chairs for them to sit in?

It's funny.

We do not have the actual ones.

So we do have their little...

Their neat...

Their Adirondacks that we put little wheels on.

Well, Kale did it.

I can't do it, but we put little wheels on them.

And so when they say, that's my dog and they spin around.

And that's their dog and it's beautiful.

Wow. Are they ever disappointed like Kelly Clarkson or...

You know, I love Blake and Adam's relationship.

It's so funny.

I'm telling you, and I don't think it's put on.

And that's why I like it.

That's what's so funny about it is like...

You can tell they really love each other, but they're also giving each other some crap.

There's some raisin and I love that.

Yeah. It's so funny.

It's just stand-up comedy for me.

You know what I...

You wish they would die as well.

Oh, I tell you.

They're on the line.

I've never liked stand-up.

I do like...

I do like Jeff Dunham.

I think he's got...

I do like a puppet.

That doesn't qualify as stand-up.

I agree.

Yeah. Yeah. It's not.

It's more storytelling.

I think that's fine because Jeff is making fun of...

He's got a puppet making fun of him.

And it's not a real person.

He's making fun of himself.

That's fine.

I agree.

I think you got to be able to...

That reminds me like...

It would be fun to see a stand-up comedy who...

A stand-up comedian rather, who is out there.

And they've hired someone to make fun of them.

And that's the act.

Someone in the crowd.

Someone like you.

You know Bill?

Oh Bill.

I'm serious.

That would be a...

Whoa.

Oh.

Hold on a second.

Let me get...

Instead of doing an act...

They stand up there on stage.

And they've hired you to sit there out there in the crowd.

And you just make fun of them.

Their entire spot.

Look at your shirt.

It's stupid.

Oh, that...

Cool.

That cuts to the quick.

So Bill, would you be okay with that?

Like, would you be okay with that idea?

Yes.

Or stand up like...

If...

Audience like that.

What do you think of that?

What is the stand-up doing while I'm doing that?

Just sitting there and taking it.

Indooring, enduring it.

Okay.

Not giving it to you back.

Like an atom or a Blake.

Then yes.

And yes.

It feels like a bit of a double standard.

Yes, but I will say if I could direct you...

There is a dog stand-up out there.

Who's this?

His name is CrankFido.

And I'm telling you, he is so funny.

I don't know if you ever see him.

And it's a lot of looks.

Do you like when stand-ups do like a...

Oh, oh, you know, they do like a movie.

Like a Steve Harvey.

What a reaction shots.

And it is so funny.

Because with a look, he's funnier than a lot of these comedians out there today.

So, CrankFido, I...

This dog also issue a long memo that said don't...

Don't look at me and speak to me.

Don't come into my office.

I will have my security detail remove you.

Yes, but he asked who for his safety.

Yeah, he's in the dog.

CrankFido, by the way, has a first-end last name.

A lot of dogs don't have those.

I know, but they should because that would give them...

It's an easier way to identify them.

I agree because a lot of dogs have the same name.

And I don't think that's fair.

Yeah.

So, people come into your...

It's not a store, but people come into your establishment.

Yes, and we do...

We ask them what they're looking for.

And we do like sort of a voice style interview.

Voice style, they turn around.

Are they disappointed sometimes when they see the dog?

I don't see how you could be.

I could see turning around and being disappointed in a human.

But I don't see how you could turn around and be disappointed in a dog.

That's a great point.

Sarah, do you have pets?

Oh, I love this.

I do.

Sadie, come here.

Sadie.

Is this Sadie one of your children?

You're asking Sadie to go get the pets?

Yeah, that's right.

Oh my God.

Oh, boy.

Now, that's an angel from heaven who deserves to walk by the hands of God more than most of us humans.

I mean it.

Well, Mrs. Tan, I have only you to think.

I mean, I never thought when I walked in there that day in my chair spun around that I'd be looking to the eyes of the two of you.

Sarah, you went to Tundt's.

Sarah and I have known each other for years.

Oh, but what a reveal.

Well, we didn't want to.

Oh my God, that's the biggest reveal in comedy, bang, bang history.

But you told us we weren't allowed to plug.

So we said we're not going to plug.

Why you can plug the fact that you know each other.

We can not.

I don't know.

I thought we signed a- We didn't know.

But Tal and I had met.

Yes.

I mean, we dated long ago.

Yes.

Like really?

In the- It's all right.

You had a little bit of a flingy ding and that's all right.

But you had a fling with Caltine edicts?

We did.

It was in the 90s.

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

That's all.

When people were dating Greek people.

I was so sorry.

Greek people were very big.

My Greek wedding.

Yeah.

Everyone was great.

My Greek people.

I'm telling you that would be the riot.

But I'm always grateful for Sarah because she taught, Kale, I think had a love and trust, even though it didn't work out.

And then I got- You know how you- The benefits.

Sometimes you rescue a dog and it has real bad behavioral problems.

And then you work with it and then it goes to another home.

And you're so happy that they got the best version of that dog.

I feel like Sarah did that for me with Cal.

Wow.

And I feel like you, you know, it was like, I know that there is really no, you know, payment in your thing, in your establishment, Mrs. Tunt.

But it was like, you're repaying me for what I- Oh.

All of the trust that I've still done, Cal, and then you get me- Well, Sadie is an angel.

And the thing I loved about Sadie always was she had a strong, a strong musk to her.

Really?

And I think- So you smelled Sadie first.

Yes.

Yeah.

I was in my Adirondack and I, you know, I was just taking in all the sense.

And it's an interesting experience because as Mrs. Tunt brings in multiple dogs, you have to really trust your sense of smell to distinguish between all the dogs that are kind of running around you. You know, you've got your blindfolded.

So, um- Oh, I do.

That was- That's part of the process.

Well, sometimes the dogs actually, you know, spin around the whole chair.

So there's- Oh, I see.

So there's- They don't blindfold the people on the voice because it's not often that the contestants will, like, run around the chair and say, Hey, look at me.

Yeah, we have to do our own little spin on it.

Literally.

Right.

So why- I don't know.

Why the spinning if the blindfolds are already there?

It seems like you could eliminate that part of the process.

It wouldn't be that voicey then.

Yeah.

Then it's- Then it's American Idol.

Yeah, that's a good point.

But blindfolded American Idol.

Although that gives me a great idea.

Oh, is it to put blindfolds on the judges on America?

Oh, no, no, no.

It's just- It's for something I'm going to eat later.

So, uh- So, wow.

So you- Sarah, you gave Deb a husband and Deb, you gave Sarah her dog.

I mean, I- I'm going to say, I think Sarah got the better end of the episode.

And I'm just saying it, and it's not- It's no offense against Kale, I mean it, but, um, but yeah.

But she- Is there- There are trouble in paradise over there with Kale in you?

No, I mean, he- You know, he's still recovering, but- It's from the way of recovering from what?

Oh, uh, well, he was hit by a bus and- Oh, no.

A bus, right?

It was not a trash truck, but I- Oh, excuse me.

I will say, um, there was a large stuffed animal on the front of the bus, and I'm wondering if that was- On a bus?

Yes, it was a Michigan- A Sawyer Michigan public bus.

And there were- That's not supposed to happen.

Was this bear bigger than an actual bear and obscuring the bus driver's line of sight?

That's why I wonder if it was the knockoff, because it was so big.

So I'm wondering if your- If your stuffies are getting ripped off.

There are- There are people who try to knock them off and try to- Try to duplicate what we do, but- Yeah.

But the- It's- You can- The craftsmanship is totally different, you can tell.

Right.

A lot of times they look too, and it- Too much like a rear bear, and they don't have a trash heart.

Thank you.

That has been kissed and- And wished upon.

Yes.

Well, I can only imagine that that being on the front of the bus maybe cushioned the blow a little bit.

I mean, maybe it saved his life.

In a way it did, but it really- He lost- In what way did it not?

Well, because he did lose- He lost a hand.

Oh, no.

His or someone else's?

It was his, unfortunately.

Yes.

He lost a hand, and it was his dominant hand.

Which one the left?

Yeah.

He was left-handed, like a lot of creative types are.

Yeah.

And- Christian Slater, from what I hear, is left-handed, and that's- He asked to- Anytime he's in a movie, he asked to train his right hand, because most people are right-handed.

Oh, I wonder if that's- Well, I wonder if that's what he did for the untamed heart.

That's one of my favorite movies.

Oh, yeah, it's a heart from the baboon.

And I think- Yeah.

Did they kiss that and make a wish on Christian Slater when they put that in?

The heart?

I think Marissa Tomay kissed it, and I put it in them.

Yeah.

I think that is where the practice came from with Bill DeBere was from actual heart transplants, where the doctor's surgeon will kiss the heart.

Yeah.

To make a wish.

To make a wish on- Put it in there.

Yeah.

Yes.

Wow.

So you're saying, Cal is a creative type, obviously.

Left-handed.

Oh, I'm handless.

Do you want to reveal?

Why don't you tell them?

You tell them why.

Can we ask- Yes.

Yes.

This is- Yes.

Does Cal have, as a left- As a left- Does he have one of those left-handed mugs, which are specially designed so that a left- hander finally can drink and look at the logo on the- I know it.

Which is denied so many left-handed people.

I know, and I will say that that was something he struggled with until he lost the left hand.

So we do have a lot of left-handed mugs that are not getting a lot of use.

So- Right.

Wow.

So, but to Sarah's point, he's creative.

What does he actually do?

He makes watercolors.

He makes the paint.

Does it- The actual paint.

Does he paint with them?

Wow.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

Well, he makes them because then our dogs paint with them.

Oh.

Mm.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, this is exciting for you, Bill, like in Barry, I would imagine because- It's very exciting.

Are you kidding me?

That's what I was doing.

You know, you're colors.

And he actually does a bed bath and beyond color that is a mix of white and blue.

So light blue.

So it's like a light blue.

And I don't know- Watercolors are a mix of white and the color.

Yeah.

Sometimes, yeah, but- It's a ratio that he gets it.

Yes.

And he- So he makes watercolors and they're safe for dogs.

Oh.

Safe for them to not make a mess or safe for them to eat them.

They- Dogs like to paint with their tongues.

So they're safe.

Oh, god.

Say they're edible paint.

Yeah.

So will they go over to- Bill, I can bury his house and just- You can have the dogs just paint it.

I would love- If they can find it.

I would love to come down to Hamilton, Missouri.

And- Old- Old- Old- Old- It is called there.

I don't know.

Oh, yes.

Not just you saying cold, it's cold.

I don't know.

It's- We're having fun.

I don't know.

We are having fun.

It's fun.

So this- So poor Bill, he's recovering- Cal.

Cal.

I'm- You're- Well- And I'm fine.

You're okay.

Okay.

But poor Cal, he's recovering.

Did they- Did they sew up the end of his stump or, you know, is everything- They gave him a paw.

They gave him a paw.

Oh my god.

Speaking of adopting, they gave him a paw.

And it is a dream.

It is a dream.

And it is- He is kinder and- Can he run faster?

Well, he can run on four legs now, because of the paw.

Wow.

Yeah.

And he- This is t- Can I ask you?

Oh, you can call me, Deb.

I think we're pinned.

Oh, I couldn't have married man.

Oh, oh.

Mrs.

T- Mrs.

T- I see sparks between you guys, but- Why did the paw come from?

He got- It was one of our- Our dog- Oh no.

Had the snakes been hoarding it?

Yeah, we found it.

And we- We says we're- We're going to use this- We're going to use this in a good way, to honor- Wow.

Our dog- Our dog, Eric.

I mean, it had to- Hey, that'd have been pretty fresh- The paw in order for it to be a successful graft on Julie's human stump.

Yeah. Although, you know, there are- That we have some crazy good doctors out here in Michigan.

You don't get a lot of- Oh, better than the normal doctors.

So they're able to attach something that's even a few weeks or- Michigan is the number one interspecies limb- surgery- Wow.

Surgery- Wow.

- place.

Surgery- Well, I'll have to go there if I ever, you know, if I ever get my penis chopped off and I want it to be replaced with, you know- A dog's penis.

Mm-hmm.

A dog or, you know, maybe- You want to get a lipstick surgery?

Oh, we worry about- They don't do- Mrs. Tent doesn't do that, so she's not going to have products for you.

That's the thing.

Yeah, we wouldn't- Okay.

But if it was the natural passing, I suppose, yes, but- So is he not able to open doors anymore?

Does he like, kind of jump up on a door?

So you know how- You have to open it before- He won't tell me when he has to go out or run an errand or things like that.

Because he refuses to use his human right hand.

Well, I told you, he was left-handed.

He was left-handed.

He just doesn't know how to do it.

Yeah.

He's soft-spoken.

You know that, Sarah.

He's soft-spoken, so- How soft?

He- Yeah.

Be relatable.

Yeah, he's really- He's a real, just like a quiet guy.

I can only imagine Sarah, this would have been one of the problems.

Or is this what you taught him how to do?

Because he was so loud when he was with you.

Yes, correct.

The latter.

Oh, okay.

So he was over-anunciating.

Like he went to- What's his name?

Larry Boss, the dialect coach.

Larry Boss.

But that's who he wanted.

He went to the right.

It was funny because he says- Oh, he went to the acting- I said the- I said to the dialect coach.

That's where he wanted.

That was what we were going for.

Oh.

Yeah.

So yeah.

But yeah, so he uses the pod to communicate, which is lovely.

Wow.

Well, this is an incredible story.

I don't know that we got, you know, too much information about your actual establishment.

It's not a store, but it's a plan.

You understand, Scott, that you're in control of the questions.

I guess, but you know, sometimes I get- Sometimes?

Side-tracked by all these sometimes.

Interesting details about a person's life.

Look, this is the show where we talk to interesting people.

It is true, but Bill, what you just did there, you could do to a stand-up.

Yeah, you did it.

You could be a heckler.

Tear I'm a pod.

Why don't you go to your local stand-up comedy improv or whatever it is and just like shout out at the- I'd love to go to New York City, go to that comedy seller and go to that one table where they'll sit around and just to rip into all of them and make them cry.

I just pulled a stuffing out of them.

Just pulled their stuffing out of them.

Yeah, you can walk out.

Such an interesting dichotomy of such a big heart wanting to create so much joy for these sanitation workers and then wanting to bring so much pain to these stand-up comedians.

It's the yin and the yang.

I love sanitation workers.

I despise stand-up comedians.

We have two.

Everyone else is like flat line.

You're okay with them?

Yeah.

We have two pugs named yin and yang.

Oh really?

Congratulations.

One black and one white.

God, I hope so.

They're both, yeah.

They're black and white, both of them.

Oh, okay.

Well, yeah.

Yeah, it's all, yeah.

And I will say, I just want to do, I don't know if you do a shout out.

We could do a shout out, yeah.

I mean, we'll- Kind of like a plug, Dad.

Well, we'll do plugs in a second, but- Finally.

Between plugs in a second.

Yeah, shout outs.

I don't know.

I was, so I've been doing morning pages and one of the things that they said was it's okay to talk about you.

Oh.

So I'd like to give a little shout out to myself.

And today is my birthday.

Oh, happy birthday.

This is a fun, happy birthday.

Thank you so much.

Happy birthday.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.

No, no, no, no, no.

No, no, no, no.

One of our dogs- No, no, no, no, no.

Oh, that'll wake the dogs?

No, Norman has, he'll have a rage fit.

He hates that song.

What's his last name?

Norman's last name, Rita's.

Norman Rita's.

Because when we found him, he was the walking dad.

He was the walking dad.

Oh, or the walking alive.

You could have looked at it like me.

That was the walking alive.

Yeah, but he was- Wow.

He was abused by a birthday clown.

So that- Oh, terrible.

They shouldn't allow birthday clowns to have pets.

Yeah, and we did put something into the legislature about that.

Yes.

Good, good.

Yeah, I'm glad.

Just anniversary clowns.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I like that.

But yeah, I had to just say it is my birthday.

I'm double nickels.

I'm proud of it.

Yeah.

Oh, congratulations.

Double nickels were- you're 55.

Yes, yes, sir.

And I just wanted to get that out there.

Congratulations.

You looked terrific.

Oh, well, I think it's- because I think it's because I'm doing what I love.

I really do.

Exactly.

Yeah, yeah.

Wonderful.

I find a treasure in the ground every day, and it's those dogs.

Wow.

Oh, I got so excited for a second.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

But yeah, we all have different definitions of treasure, so.

We certainly do.

Yeah, it's too bad, but it's true.

Yeah, it's unfortunate because you've told us where you live, and I would have been hopping on a plane immediately.

But speaking of other definitions of treasure, we only have one final bit of treasure on this show, and it's a little feature that we like to call plugs.

I want a real job.

An honest living.

That's all I want.

I don't want a real job.

I just want to sit on my ass and smoke.

I want to work outside.

You're inside.

I don't care.

I just want it to work.

I want to watch porn and jack off and smoke and also eat.

I don't want a real job.

Wow.

Okay.

What is that feeling when you don't like the first half of something and you love the second half of something?

Oh, that's the Titanic effect.

Oh, yeah.

That would be like looking at Lil, I would imagine.

If I were to look her up and down, those long legs, what are you?

That stumpy torso.

This is very cool.

Nothing wrong with a short torso.

That's wrong with a short torso.

I apologize to our short torso listeners out there.

She's the shortest of Queen.

That was Plug My Resume by Mannheim Cream Troller.

So thanks to them.

Thanks to them.

Do you want to hear your plug's theme played?

Go put it wherever we get them.

I do.

I like that song.

I like it was fun at the beginning.

The guys are opposites.

And then at the end it's Phantom of the Opera.

Do you like musicals?

You don't like going to stand up comedians.

I love musicals because no one talks to you.

I don't like what a musical...

I don't like it in a play, any kind of play.

Musical or otherwise, where they look out at the audience and start talking.

So you hate Hamilton then.

Well, I mean, I didn't feel like Hamilton was addressing me, per se.

You personally.

Do you like it when it's like addressing the entirety of the audience?

When they're just sort of talking out loud, that's 1776.

When they like when a second person is saying you, I know what you're thinking.

What?

You don't know what I'm thinking.

How dare you?

Yeah.

Okay.

Good.

Getting to know what Bill Eichenberry likes and dislikes.

I don't like when there's a trailer for a movie and there's a record scratch.

Scratch it's somebody says yes, that's me.

Yes, that's me.

Oh, well, that means you know that I'm watching you.

I don't like it.

You like to be sitting there in the shadows watching them like, Oh, yes, I look at the shadows.

Well, what are we plugging?

This is the time and look, all bets are off Sarah.

So at this point, you can plug anything you want.

How about my short torso, Scott?

Hey, if you want to plug your short torso.

I might have short.

I'm just saying I have extremely long arms.

They're too long for my body.

They're longer than this.

Zoom is wide.

They're longer.

You're supposed to have your height and your wingspan is supposed to be the same.

But I'm 5'8", and my wingspan is 6' feet.

Interesting.

So it's hard to buy jackets.

Yeah.

I think I have, I can sit.

Sarah is turning around right now and then and hugging herself like she's another human being.

Ralph Malth.

It's one of my party tricks.

So I would love to go to a party with you.

You're well, I mean, I would love to trick you.

Come over.

I've got anyone over in a year.

I'm ready.

You're ready.

Really?

I haven't had the vaccine yet.

You're ready for me to come up.

Yeah, close enough.

Everybody will take a party.

They're running over to Sarah's.

But obviously Firefly Lane is out there on Netflix, and all 10 episodes are available and you know, 530 minutes of viewing pleasure out there.

Anything else you want to say about that particular project?

Just watch it.

All 530 minutes.

Don't stop at 529 because you'll miss the cliffhanger.

I can't wait Sarah and we got our Hugh's net fired up ready to go.

Mrs. Tunt, nothing will make me happier than visualizing you and Cal.

Snuggled up.

You just get a glass of wine or whatever you prefer.

You get a brew up your hot tea.

Yeah, we get a hot tea and he's been drinking out of a bowl, actually lately, but there's nothing better than a bowl of hot tea because the tea is too small in the mug.

So if you have the bowl, I don't have to keep going back to the kettle.

Yeah, I agree.

Do you have a problem with people being too small in the mug, Scott?

I know you don't like short torso.

Okay, look, don't tell me with this brush.

I are short torso friends out there.

Everyone welcome here.

I apologize, Sarah, for...

Look, you know, quite honestly, your torso looks bigger on TV.

I have to say.

I know.

That's a common thing I've been told.

Look at that long torso.

People are always saying that about a Sarah Chalk product.

Yeah, and then I meet them first on the street and they're like, your torso is so much shorter.

It adds three inches.

Anything else you have to plug out there?

Anything coming up in the...

or up or down in the pipeline?

Whichever way it flows.

Up or down the pipe we've been...

we're brought to record Next Season of Rick and Morty.

Oh, that's right, Rick and Morty.

I haven't even mentioned that.

By the way, we mentioned this a few months back.

Rick and Morty, maybe this was on our sister show, You Talking, Talking Heads, My Talking Heads.

Rick and Morty, is it a parody of brick and mortar?

Yes.

Okay, I thought so.

They're not.

Sarah, can I ask any more episodes of The Boo in the Works?

It's interesting that you bring that up, Bill.

No, unfortunately not.

Is it because everyone, when they watched that, they were booing, thinking that was what they were supposed to do.

Much like when you see Bruce Springsteen, and I was so confused when I saw it.

Yeah, it was confusing.

The Boo was the very talented, lonely island crew, and it was, I don't know, circa 2000.

For Channel 101?

That's correct.

Yes, and so I met them because one of my good friends was dating one of their good friends, and they said, do you want to come do The Boo with us?

And I said, yes, please.

And then if I was shooting scrubs that week, when they're so talented and they're so kept getting voted back in, and then if I was shooting that day, then their friend Chester would play me or sometimes I'm up it.

And then on days that I could, I did, and I just loved it and loved them.

I remember one time they didn't do a new episode at all, and they just filmed themselves saying, we didn't do The Boo this week, we didn't do The Boo.

And it's been stuck in my head for four, however many years that's been.

Oh my god, there's no flooding.

And speaking of Andy Samberg and plugs, I, so my son is 11, so we've just been watching all of Brooklyn Nine-Nine, and I'm obsessed.

They're so funny.

You may get to a particular episode with a hacker who was apparently so incredible on the screen that they thought there was no way there weren't going to bring him back for the season premiere of the next season, and then suddenly he never got a call again.

Oh, I hope it's Stax Shepard.

It's probably a kid.

You also may get to an episode where you see a certain cruise ship captain who was obviously never going to appear again and didn't.

Well, it's a landlocked show for the most part.

Oh, I hope that's Tim Allen.

Well, so Bill, I can bury anything you want to plug?

Yeah, I'd like to plug some podcasts that I listen to.

One is called Stay at Homekins.

It's this guy and this woman, and they're a married couple, and they do this podcast where they just talk.

They're married.

I hate it when a guy and a woman do a podcast together, and they're not married, it always brings up these like, well, what's the point?

You know, if you're not doing a podcast in order to get married, why are you doing it?

Well, here's my thing is we're sexual beings.

We're not meant to be just pals.

You are horny, Bill.

It's because he's looking at Lil's head out for the partition, and she's just like just going back and forth.

And Bill went by his dad.

He drives me wild.

I love that wife.

He's gammied.

You love my short-tourseaued wife.

When I was in high school, other guys used to make fun of me.

Yeah, I'll go ahead and short a torso.

So that's one, and then there's another one called the Neighborhood Listen, which is that's two other.

I like that one, even though the people that do it are not, it's a guy and a girl, but they're not married, and they are playing characters who aren't married.

Now, one slips through the cracks for me, and I still enjoy it.

Yeah, what about there's a show called Freedom, where three people were not married to each other?

Three people.

Yeah, it's like a throuple who are unmarried.

I don't follow at all.

Yeah, it's gross, but it's if people...

How does that even work?

I don't know, but it's with Paul F. Tomkins, myself, and Lauren Lapkus, and if people like the episodes that we had recently of the best of of comedy, Bang Bang, where Paul F. Tomkins and I just chatted in between the clips, they would probably like Freedom, and that comes out every Thursday.

I like that we seamlessly transitioned into your plugs.

I thought you would be into this show.

I don't know, I thought it was my time to talk, and then...

Oh, well, let's take a little extra time.

I'll give you 15 extra seconds.

All right.

I'd also like to plug...

Oh, yes, see, it's not so easy, is it?

Ugh, structure there?

Now I understand why state of comedians are the way they are.

Oh, you finally have empathy!

I retract everything that I say.

You want them to live?

I want them to live!

Too late for some of them.

I know I did make those wishes.

All right, Deb Tunt, what do you want to plug?

Well, I want to plug...

I did get hair plugs, which I want to plug.

Oh, what do you look so great?

Thank you.

They're just my bangs, but the other thing I'd like to plug...

You just got implanted bangs?

Yeah, and when I wanted to try...

You couldn't grow there?

No, I don't have any hair follicles.

Oh, so you wanted to get the bangs, but you didn't want to cut them yourself, because then the dust can be made.

I can't, there's nothing there.

Oh!

I...

It doesn't...

I...

None of those baby hairs up top?

No, I...

It's a little confused, so you do have...

I think it's pretty straightforward.

So you sort of have a...

You have a Larry David kind of?

It looks like someone was putting on a bell cap and then got a phone call.

A good phone call?

No, because they didn't come back.

So someone putting on a bell cap got a phone call that their parents died.

They did harder for me to picture.

Oh, I'm...

Oh, okay.

Well, I can send you some documents, but I wanted to plug my plug.

Please do send those documents.

The plugs look fantastic.

Thank you, Sarah.

I mean it.

And there's also...

I don't love comic books, but there is an HBO Max.

There's gonna be...

It's called Batman, the audio recordings.

It's coming out and...

I'm plugging it for a friend.

Oh, okay.

Oh, that's very nice.

So this is the show seven in...

In the town where a billionaire playboy Bruce Wayne resides.

Is that not true?

I'm not familiar with Batman, but I don't think so because it's called Batman.

Oh, okay.

I don't think it would be about another person.

Okay, got it.

And that's coming out soon.

That's coming out soon on HBO Max.

Wonderful.

I want to plug...

Look, this is the week for it.

Sarah, you mentioned the Lonely Island.

The Lonely Island.

And I made a holiday special for Netflix called Michael Bolton's Big Sexy Valentine's Day, which this is the week to watch it.

It's got Akiva and I Co-directed it.

And it's got Andy Samberg and Maya Rudolph and Randall Park and Michael Bolton, of course.

So many great.

It's about an hour long, really funny special we made a couple of years ago.

This is the week to do it.

Celebrate with your lover.

Curl up with your bowl of hot tea.

And really make an evening out of it.

That's on the list.

Well, that's on the list.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Oh, yeah.

But before we do that, we have a new remix by John Estanish.

So let's hear that.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting a little eye mist.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the pump bag.

Open it up.

Open up the pump bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open up the pump bag.

Make sure you got oxygen.

And don't mess around with it.

Make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

Make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Okay.

Thank you to John Estanish for that remix.

Normally, a remix adds more than just a drum of a few random sounds.

I was gonna say, do you listen to these before you, you know, you probably didn't know.

I'd probably be surprised by it.

They're all un-vetted.

Okay.

Are you not?

I mean, it seems unkind to John Estanish.

Oh no, John Estanish, we appreciate that.

Oh, me?

No, I- Do you think they just seem to be a little judge?

It was just a question about the procedure.

Oh, just the procedure.

Just a procedure question.

Okay, got it.

I love procedural.

You love the parliamentary process.

When it comes to the- Yes.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Sarah, first of all, so nice to me.

You're so wonderful to have on the show.

You're really good.

And one of our favorite actresses- Fuck it, I'll just say actors for two decades now.

And good luck with Firefly Lane, whatever it may be about.

Thank you so much for having me.

This was such the highlight of my day.

Oh, wonderful.

And your day's just beginning, so- Yeah, really.

I'm assuming you can peer into the future.

It was the highlight of my 10 to 12.

It really was.

No, I'm such a fan of your show, but this is so fun to get to come on.

So really, thank you for having me.

And Deb Tunt, so great to meet you as well.

Good luck with all of your dogs.

I presume your dogs are just- It's a fuckfest going on there in your establishment.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

It is a natural term of events.

It is natural, yeah.

Yeah.

You had a bit of John Astonish in that answer.

Well, I'm going to put that in my packet for when I need it, when I need to pick me up.

So thank you.

Okay, well, I hope that's not soon.

I hope your life is just a wonderful- experiences coming at you and no depression at all.

That's what I wish of all of my guests.

55, can you believe it?

I cannot.

Happy birthday to you.

And Bill, I can bury so wonderful to meet you.

Oh, yeah.

Nice to meet you, Skye.

Have you known the show.

Yeah, I hope that they continue to make trash so you don't have to close down any of these stores.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

All right, everyone, goodbye.

Bye.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.
