♪♪♪ Don't piss on my leg and tell me it's raining.

I know it's raining, just piss please.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Euripides shorts for that catchphrase submission.

Euripides shorts, catchphrase superstar.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And what a week it is.

I hope you all had a nice Valentine's Day yesterday.

I hope you're all basking in the afterglow of your lying and puddles of sex.

And my name is Scott Ockermann, I'm the host.

Coming up a little later, we'll be talking to several, this is of course the show where we talk to interesting people or AKA humanity's podcast.

We will have a community organizer coming up.

That's, oh wow, I wonder if it's Barack Obama?

It might be.

I mean, I worked with him on Between Two Ferns.

He could be returning the favor and peering on my podcast.

Who knows?

We also have our old friend Albert Rowe, the grocer, will be back.

Well, this is exciting.

We haven't talked to him in a minute, so we'll be talking to them coming up a little later.

But before we get to them, we have a first timer on the show.

Never been on the show before.

And of course, as you know, if you're a listener, we tape first and last episodes here.

So we tape your first episode and your last episode.

So after this one, she needs to stick around and we'll tape her last one.

It's kind of like rent.

We get your first month and last month.

So she should be prepared to do two episodes today.

She is a stand-up comedian.

She has a comedy special to Catch a Dick, which is out there on Netflix currently.

She also is on the History of Swearwords, which is hosted by Nicholas Cage, which I believe is on Netflix as well.

And the Netflix trifecta, she is a host, or at least a co-host.

I'm not quite sure whether you're a co-hosted David Spade or a fellow host.

We'll figure that out.

That'll be my first question I've decided.

Of the Netflix after party with Fortune Feamster and David Spade, please welcome first time on the show London Hughes.

Hello.

Hi, babe.

You're all right.

Am I all right?

I am all right.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate it.

More guests need to ask me how I'm doing.

Yeah.

How are you?

Like, how's life?

Oh, it's so good.

2021, Best Year of Our Lives.

2020, how could it exceed 2020?

I know, mate.

I just listened to the intro for COVID-19 Bank.

I said, what is my life right now?

Yes.

What are you doing here?

What am I doing?

London, it's great to meet you.

You are a stand-up comic extraordinaire.

Yes.

You have approximately one special on Netflix.

Is that correct?

It's a very special special.

It's good.

Yeah.

It's called to catch a dick.

You said it so weird.

You said it so caucasian.

How did I say it?

You said it caucasian.

I can't get titles right.

There was this woman Gillian Jacobs was on the show about three months ago.

She's in this movie, Come Play.

And somehow they kept saying like you're saying it wrong.

You said it wrong.

Come Play.

No, stop.

No, how would one say to catch a dick?

You said to catch a dick when you introed it.

To catch Andy Dick, isn't that what you guys are running around chasing Andy Dick?

Yeah, we're chasing Andy Dick all over the face.

No, to catch a dick.

Say it like that.

To catch a dick.

There you go.

To catch a dick.

Is it like it's to catch a predator, but with penises.

Is that right?

Yes.

To catch a dick.

So you entrap these penises.

In fact, the penises.

And then you show up and just see him and say, well, how are we doing today?

Yeah.

Mind you, you want to sit down for a second?

Yeah.

100%.

No, it's honestly, the title is like that because I just love it.

But it's not all about it.

A different to catch a show like about fish?

No.

Just to catch a fish.

There's no to catch a fish.

To catch a swordfish.

To catch a fever.

To catch a cold.

No, just to catch a dick.

I want to catch a dick.

To catch a dick.

Scott, have you watched it?

Yeah, you even watched it, have you?

Well, you know, look, a guy like me.

See?

I had a very busy Valentine's Day.

See?

I'm a guest on the show.

Every half hour on the hour, Cool Up wants me to do something special for her.

Scott, you disrespected me.

I'm a guest on your show and you haven't seen my wife.

What's cool about you?

Okay.

Tell you what.

Here's a question I wanted to ask you.

What?

You're on the Netflix after party.

Yes.

Which comes after these Netflix shows.

Yes.

Which are 10 episodes usually.

Yeah.

Have you watched any of these episodes of television that you're talking about?

It's really single one.

You have to watch it like all of the bling.

Yeah, they play me and all that.

Or the bling, whatever it is.

Yeah, the bling empire.

They pay me to watch it and I watch it and I'm a fan of these shows.

I'm a fan of Netflix.

But you are clearly not a fan of me, Scott, because you ain't- It seems to be like- It seems to be like- Like, I passed through the room while the bling empire was on because my wife had to watch it for a show.

Right.

And I, you know, I watched maybe five minutes.

Okay.

I get this.

I get this job.

I would watch five minutes and I'd go like, I understand.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, because you have to have an in-depth interview with the cast about the show.

So if you only watch five minutes and they're talking about something that happened in episode eight, what's your answer, Scott?

What's your answer?

Well, I watched, I watched about five minutes of the Netflix after party as well.

And I think I got it as well.

And I can talk to you about it.

You are a loser.

I'm really deeply hurt that you've had me on the show about watching my special.

So after this, you and your missives are going to go watch to catch a dick.

OK.

Well, it's very difficult.

You know, all of these specials out there, everyone's got one these days.

So it's like, you know, I mean, you know, I'm the first British woman to have a original Netflix special.

Do you really?

Yeah.

It can't be true, really?

Yeah.

That's insanity.

I know.

It's crazy.

I'm very, very happy and humbled by that fact.

What is it about the Brit's stand-up comedians that the Netflix hasn't come courting it?

Well, it's just that, you know, comedy, America's really advanced in their stand-up comedy.

Britain's still a bit behind.

White dudes are still ruling stand-up in the UK.

Tell me about White dude mediocrity.

You're white dude.

This show has been the beneficiary of it for 12 years at this point.

I'm talking to about three of them right now.

So, yeah.

It's nice to be.

I don't know what we can call it.

Let's say three of them.

We'll talk to Albert Ro a little later.

But to tell me about your special, I have watched, look, I'm going to be honest, I watched the trailer of it, which is approximately the amount of research I do for this show.

Okay, cool.

It seems to be about your dating life to catch a dick.

No, I said it wrong again.

No, you need to catch a dick.

There we go.

To catch a dick.

Let it roll off your tongue.

It seems to be about your adventures in the art of wooing partners into sexual congress.

Is that an inaccurate description?

No, it's not.

Sorry.

It's so much more than that.

That's what you have to actually watch it.

It's layered mate.

It's all about my sex life, but also about how hard I find it as a successful woman trying to find a guy and then also being a comedian as well.

Guys are so intimidated by female comics and there's such a double standard when it comes to dating because hot girls will date funny ugly guys.

But hot girls don't- Why are you looking at me when you said that?

It's true.

I'm sure your wife is gorgeous.

Better looking than you.

I will bet money on it.

You don't have to bet money on it.

Everyone knows it.

There we go.

But that's the thing.

Funny ugly girls don't get hot gorgeous guys.

It doesn't work the other way round and I'm just exploring that and I feel like the theory is because men see women that do stand up as too much and it's a whole thing.

It's a journey.

They think it's a little extra.

It's just like they would date.

Now personally I don't think that you are an ugly woman.

I think you're- Oh no, that's really beautiful.

Yes, exactly.

So I think comparing yourself to ugly comedians is a bit of a stretch.

But you find it hard to do people- What is the issue in dating?

I've dated a few comedians in my day.

What do you think is the issue with, as we say, non-coms or civilians dating comedians?

Men always think that for some reason they're going to end up in my jokes and they just genuinely think that my whole presence and life is about them.

So anything they do that might be mildly entertaining.

They're like, you're going to put this in a joke, I, you're going to put it in a joke.

Oh, don't do a joke about me.

Oh, is our sex I've got to be in a joke?

Oh, I'll tell you a joke but don't put it in your jokes.

And it's just like stop.

But London, you did put them in your jokes.

Yes I did.

Hey, I've seen enough of your special to know that you talk about very specific people.

Yes, because I brought it up to be ironic and then put it in anyway.

But like, you know, most of the time I've been doing this on up for 11 years and until my Netflix special no guy I was dating ended up in my jokes.

So really I just feel like it's just so, I'm intimidating to men and that they live such a boring life.

I can't date a non-com or someone who's not in entertainment because our lives clash.

Like if he had like a nine to five and like will come in from work and be in, he'll be like, oh, what happened to you today at work?

And I'm saying, oh, I don't know, Kevin Hart flew me to Vegas to meet him and you're telling me Debbie from accounts bought in a cake.

It's not the same.

It's just not the same.

That's the thing.

I mean, jobs that aren't show business jobs are terrible.

Terrible.

I can't believe.

The human garbage, the people who don't have entertainment jobs.

Yeah.

What do you do?

What have you done?

I can't even make.

Do you know what?

I was chatting to this guy on Bumble.

Was it Bumble?

One of the apps dating apps, yeah.

And like I messaged him and it took him four days to reply.

And after he replied after the four days he was like, oh, I'm so sorry.

Life's been so heavy.

I've had such a crazy week in recruitment.

How was your week been?

And I went, oh, mate, it's been crazy.

I've been doing press.

I'm doing Jimmy Fallon tonight.

So I'm preparing for that.

And then he blocked me.

He blocked me.

Yes.

Blocked you.

He blocked me because his mediocre life could not compare to mine.

That's why.

Maybe he's not a Fallon fan, though.

Maybe it was a Kimmel guy.

I don't know.

Yeah, it might have been Jimmy Kimmel.

Did you check?

Has he not checked?

Jimmy's stepping out on Bumble.

It was like, oh, my crazy life in recruitment.

Oh, it took four days to reply.

What is recruitment?

What do you do?

I know I did.

Like army recruitment or?

I don't think recruits.

They're still on valleys.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

They're still on valley guys in entertainment people they don't mix.

It's oil and water.

Yeah.

And so I have that in my life a lot.

And I'm just like, mate, I'm awesome.

Bring a lot to the table.

That's right.

So how do we, and this is one of the features on the show, how do we get you a date out of this show?

We have several.

We have one and a half white guys coming up here on the show.

Maybe they're single.

I'm not quite sure.

Let them know.

The one half white guys, the half white guy I'm interested in.

Alberrow Groser will be talking to him a little bit later.

I'm secretly a nerd.

So like, even though it sounds like this show is literally just weirdly not, I wouldn't be into it.

I'm totally into this kind of stuff because I'm just thinking.

Oh, good.

When you say you're secretly a nerd, what does that mean?

What are your interests?

And so I used to write Frasier fan fiction.

Oh, my God.

What was Niles up to?

So basically that's uncle Niles.

Basically I was Frasier's adopted daughter Denise and I was British and went to Oxford and I would help him get the ladies.

And yeah.

Wow.

So you, your character, the one you were moved to Seattle to live with them?

Yeah.

He adopted me at the age of four.

Wow.

But I literally just, he kept me true to my British roots and I was still British.

I had a British accent and he would just basically use me to impress women.

Like I have this black British daughter that's a genius that went to Oxford and so I Frasier adopts you just to meet women.

Yes.

And I in turn date their sons.

It's a whole partnership.

It was where where would you post these?

Are these on Frasier?

These are on a floppy.

No, this is before fan fiction was a thing.

This was just a first day night for me.

They were my flop.

They were my floppy disks at my mom's house.

Whoa.

So you wouldn't even share them with anyone.

You would just write them.

I would write them for fun.

I enjoyed it.

And I would love for you to bring those on the show next time you're on and read from them.

I mean, I would love that too.

Yeah.

How did you get floppy disks to?

I mean, I'm sure one of you.

They're so floppy.

How do you fly them here?

They're going to break.

But yeah, I used to write myself into different TV shows.

I had a free part on the Fresh Prince of Bel Air.

My character was Ashley's Will Smith's cousin, Ashley.

I was her English tutor.

Oh.

Me and Will had an honor again off a game relationship for two and a half episodes.

And then we realized that Ashley's education comes first.

So halfway through the third episode, you realize that?

Yeah.

See why that would be the end of the third, baby.

No, no, no.

But we're just halfway through.

They're like, all right.

And then you just sit in silence for the resume episode?

No, no, no.

I was going to stay in England to be his girlfriend.

And then we realized that Ashley's education comes first.

And so I went back to the UK.

Oh, OK.

And that was a tearful goodbye.

So were you writing these in script form or were they all?

Yeah, script form.

Wow.

Yeah.

So were you giving yourself all the good jokes?

No, I'm very generous with my jokes.

I was sharing them.

We've all got a lot of jokes, phrases, and I'm not a person we need in the writer's room.

Yeah, no, I'm good at that.

I found I didn't have many friends and I would come home and write my friends and write my life.

And it was, yeah, I was a nerd.

I said, I love that you're not writing.

Everyone seems to write an office spec or a friend spec.

You're writing Frasier fanfic.

I know.

I loved it.

You know, they're doing a Frasier reboot.

I didn't tell.

Yes, I would in a heartbeat.

I mean, this is not a bad character to add.

I know.

I mean, John Mahoney, of course, he's with his ancestors.

Yeah.

He tells the dog Eddie as well, I believe, is with his ancestors.

Eddie has gone.

Yeah.

And you know, maybe, you know, they need someone to fill up this space.

Listen, if you're going to watch a show with zero black people in it at all throughout all of the seasons, Frasier is the only one you're allowed to watch.

I give you, and the black woman, I give you permission to binge watch Fraser.

If you want to do something with me.

What about it appealed to you?

The whiteness, no, it works.

Do you know what?

I just, I found it hilarious.

I found it so funny.

I love Frasier and Niles.

It's dynamic.

The way they carried themselves.

I just wanted someone saying it.

Was it the erudite nature of the quips?

I loved it.

I loved it all.

And I genuinely was like, it was, you know, it was aspirational to me.

It was my sex in the city.

So I was like, this is why I'm like 13, 14 right in this, by the way.

I just loved Frasier.

And you're from London, and your name is London, which I find helpful.

Yes.

Like anytime I'm thinking like, what is her name?

I'm like, where is she from?

And then it just pops in my head.

I think people's first name should be their address.

And their last name should be their age.

That's a porn son name, isn't it?

Well, have you ever tried to look up like an old flame on Facebook to see what they're doing and you can't find them because they have a common name?

Like this would take care of that.

OK, I'm not out there doing that on Facebook, by the way, cool up.

Ha ha ha.

Do you know what?

I like that.

My name's London.

I mean, I get teased about it, but it's cool now because of my career.

But if I wanted to be a normal human, ha.

Well, you have you.

I was reading you actually have an even longer name than most humanoids.

Yes, I do.

Yes.

My full name is London Dion Misha Stacy, Stephanie Essina Nibs Hughes.

Incredible.

And that's because is that and I was reading something about everyone in your family got to choose one name for you.

You did a little bit of research.

I did the bare minimum.

Scotty.

I feel better, babes.

That is correct.

OK, thank you.

Yes, basically I was a miracle baby.

I had a twin sister who died in the womb.

It's a case strong chance I killed her and it was between me and her and I.

You survived.

Hey, survival of the fittest.

I won, but apparently I died for like 30 seconds.

So that's too long as far as I'm concerned.

You want to die maybe for like two seconds.

But not that anyway, it was touch and go.

If ever I would make it.

So when I did make it, my mom thought it would be great if every member of my family gave me a name.

And if you watch my special, I talk all about this in the special because there's some funny, funny stories about the name choosing process.

So OK, well, this is I mean, this is a great tease for your special.

If you watch the special, we can find out about the name choosing process.

And no sharp.

You made it sound so listen, right?

Also, I talk about my Frasier fan fiction days in the special too.

You would know that.

Whoa.

It's a special Scott.

Well, look, trying to get me to watch a special.

That's just not going to happen.

But I think our listeners are listeners like special.

Look, I was in standup comedy for far too long to ever watch a special.

Come on, do it.

Just do it.

Black history month.

All right, God, you really know how to get it.

Geez, the guilt trip.

Cos slavery.

You can't use black history month to get people to watch your special.

Watch it.

Cos slavery.

There you go.

All right.

Good.

Incredible.

Well, London use people can just flip on Netflix and keep it on and just.

Just type my name in the search and my projects come up.

You probably won't you won't get it after London because there'll be a lot of things set in London.

No, you know what?

You type in London and you get London is falling.

It's Morgan Freeman thing.

With that with Gerard Butler.

The bubbler did it.

You got that and then you get me.

I'm the next London after the city.

You're number two.

Yeah.

Okay, that's not bad.

I mean, comparatively, I've always wanted to have a career where I'm second to London as fallen.

So that's not bad.

You're doing well.

But just just type in London.

You can get all of these to catch to sorry.

Let me try it again to catch to catch.

No, you're doing too much to catch to see you to catch.

Slow it down.

Live it.

No, slow it.

Live it.

You catch.

No, see you fucked it.

No, from the beginning to catch to catch a dick to catch a dick to catch a dick to catch a dick.

There you go.

Yeah.

Okay, to catch a dick is out there.

The Netflix after party, the history of swear words.

Did you actually work with Nicklaus Cage?

No, we filmed a bit separately because COVID.

Yeah.

He also seems like a real like, let's shoot this in two hours and I'm done.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He gives off that energy when you watch it.

He really does.

Anything he does, I kind of assume that he had like a real hard out.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And also when they told me, because I did it first and I was like, oh, who's hosting it?

And they were like, Nicklaus Cage.

And I was like, whoa.

Really?

And they were like, yeah.

And I just couldn't believe it because why?

But he's really good at it.

He's such a good guy.

No, he's amazing.

One of my favorite actors.

Yeah.

And got to catch up on that as well.

You know, it sounds like me and my listeners have a, you know, a full week of watching your work out there on Netflix.

So clear your schedule.

Because it's not that cool yet.

It's all the neighbors that you're going to be unavailable.

Should they need your assistance?

Because we have a London Hughes all week long here on Netflix.

Yeah, we do.

Yeah.

London, can you stick around?

We have some other people to talk to here on the show.

Fine.

I mean, I guess I'll have to.

We have one and a half white people coming up.

And let's bring on our next guest here.

He is a community organizer, which is an interesting job that I don't, to be frank, I don't know that much about.

I'm seeing it's not Barack Obama.

Are you disappointed, London?

It's not Barack Obama.

I'm sorry, because I wanted to meet him.

But it's not Barack Obama.

I'm so sorry to say, but he is a community organizer.

Please welcome to the show, Ruben Stone.

Oh, hello.

Thank you, Scott.

Thank you so much for having me.

Hello, London.

Nice to meet you.

Hi, Ruben Stone.

Hi, babes.

Lovely to meet you.

Are you from Ruben?

Like London is from London?

Stop talking.

No, but I wish I was.

And if I ever find a town named Ruben, I'll move there.

Oh, you said Ruben Stone.

You know, you can open up Google Maps pretty easily now.

I'm just going to get one.

Yeah, I've tried to open up Google Maps.

I haven't yet been able to get it to work.

I haven't.

No, what's the problem?

The interface is too complicated.

I don't get it.

Where are you?

Where do you enter stuff?

I don't know.

I open it up and I just...

Have you ever been on the internet?

There's like a box at the top.

Yeah.

If you click on it, you can type in.

Oh, there?

Yes.

Oh, I thought that was for my name.

No.

Wait, you were just putting your name in?

That's still the same thing.

You were asking for Ruben Stone.

Yeah, yeah.

So I'll tell you, the thing is all messed up.

Look, I'm no good with computers and tech.

I'm sure I'm doing something wrong.

All right.

Well, Ruben Stone is here with us.

You're a community organizer.

Community organizer.

What exactly does that mean?

Scott, thank you for asking a community organizer.

You know what?

You're welcome and it is my job to ask people about what they're here to talk about.

Well, John, was the beneficiary of it earlier?

Mm-hmm.

And you're here?

I still appreciate it.

I don't know if it's your job and you're doing it out of total obligation.

I think more people should be thanked when they do their jobs.

You know what I mean?

So, too.

If I were a boss and I pray to be a boss at some point in the future, I would thank every single one of my employees.

I would make them form a line as they exited whatever building we were in.

And I would shake each of their hands and thank them personally every single day.

Like the end of a baseball game.

Yeah, good.

So good games.

Well, teams line up and they tell each other good game.

Yeah.

You know, this is early in the interview to flip the format, but can I ask you a question?

Wow, this is so early and this is unprecedented.

I wasn't.

You know, London asked me a question when she first came on to about how I was.

Is it going to be how am I?

Because that was already covered in the show.

No, we're going way deep in that.

When you're dealing with Ruben Stone, I flip the script.

I do not like to play out things the way they go.

All right.

Are you going to just ask me a question or are you going to ask London a question as well?

I'll ask you both a question.

Thanks for Ruben's time.

I'll ask you both the same question.

Oh, okay.

What way are you not a boss?

In what way do you wish to be a boss?

He said someday I hope to be a boss.

Scott, at this point, you know, I have been a boss before, you know, directing movies and with my own television show and at this point, nothing's really going on in the house.

You're going to cut me off?

I'm going to interrupt you.

Yeah, I'm off.

I'm off.

Because I'm going to tell you you are a boss because a boss is a state of me.

You are a boss the minute you declare yourself internally to be a boss.

London, how are you not a boss?

I am a boss.

Ruben.

Start the answer.

I'm going to interrupt her before before Ruben can interrupt her.

You are a boss.

It's a state of mind.

I was going to say that.

Sorry, man.

There's just something I came up with.

You can't do it.

Oh, Ruben, Ruben Stone, can I ask you a question?

Of course.

I'm an open book.

What is it?

What do you do you get paid to do the community?

What do you organize?

What do you do?

What does that mean?

It is a completely fair question.

No, I don't get paid and I wouldn't take money for it.

What I do, I live in Los Fela, the Los Fela's neighborhood of Los Angeles.

And I walk around the neighborhood and I do good.

That's what I do.

I try to make the world better.

How do you do that?

Do small actions in my community, not for money and not and I have no power.

I have no elected office.

Do you live above Los Fela's boulevard or below?

I live, I guess I live above it because I'm higher than it.

I'm going to put you in a scenario.

We're in Los Fela's.

You're a stranger to me.

I'm walking around the street crying.

Oh, gosh.

What would you do to help to do good, to help me as part of the community?

Okay.

So you elaborate what you're crying about London?

Do you mind?

Listen, I'm crying.

You wouldn't know.

I just see somebody crying.

You just see someone crying.

You don't even know why.

No backstory needed.

This is a terrific scenario and it's one that I get involved with all the time because you want to be respectful of the person's privacy.

Yeah.

But if you can help the person you want to do it.

So I stand at a respectful distance and I say, Madam, may I be a service to you?

How respectful is this distance?

50 yards.

Yup.

That's a half a football field.

I'm a stranger.

You don't want to be threatening.

So I'll back up.

If I see somebody crying, I'm going to give you a real LA specific in London.

I know you're sort of new to the cities and these intersections won't mean much to you.

But let's say you're at Vermont and Franklin.

You're right outside House of Pies and you're bursting into tears.

Yeah.

I'm at that Indian restaurant right across the street from it.

Is that still there?

That's still there.

I don't know.

House of Indio, is that what it's called?

I can't remember because I just called the place next to the 7-Eleven.

So let's say I'm near that Indian restaurant and I'm coming out of it.

I just had a heck of a meal.

I just had a chicken tiki masala and I'm full.

Okay.

I'm going to tell you about how supplies you're bursting into tears.

That's the state that you want to be in when you exit a restaurant, isn't it?

Just seated.

You want to be still hungry when you leave a restaurant?

Well, yeah.

It might seem unnecessary to say.

But when I describe myself leaving a restaurant, I want to point out I'm not hungry anymore.

Some people say when I tell stories, I throw in stupid details that are uninteresting and not necessary.

I say no.

I like to spell it out.

Good for you.

So London, I see you crying outside of House of Pies.

50 yards away.

Not yet.

I'm outside it.

I'm right across the avenue.

Yeah, right across the street.

So you're approximately what is that?

10 yards away?

10 yards.

So you've run in the opposite direction to come with me.

I back up my eyes on you.

I back straight up, straight down.

When you're coming out of the restaurant, are you back out of the kitchen?

I get a sashay to the right so that I'm lined up with Franklin and then I back up in a nice and a nice power walking stance.

Yes.

Keep my eyes locked on you.

And I'm like, one moment, Madam, one moment.

What say, and I have to eyeball this.

I can't promise that it's exactly 50 yards.

Yeah, no, no, no.

There are apps on your phone that you could, if you were, you know, how to use that.

Yeah, no, he knows that way he climbs.

He doesn't have to use it.

Why do you use Google Maps to measure distance?

And it really doesn't do any.

I type it 50 yards back.

It works bad.

I mean, kind of.

One thing phones are bad at is knowing where you are.

Yeah.

Ruben said we caught you off, sir.

Continue.

Oh, polite London.

You are a gracious, um, co-guest.

Thank you so much.

Oh, I forgot to ask if she was the co-host on, on the after part.

I'll see my time to find out this information.

No, we'll tease it.

When after the break, we'll find that out.

Yeah.

Um, so I'll back up 50 yards and I'll shout, Madam, how may I be of service?

Right.

And then if you indicate that you need to talk about something or that if you need a ride somewhere or if you just, if you just need, then I will, then I will move closer.

What if what I wanted was you to come closer, but you will be charged immediately reverse my stuff.

And charge head as fast as possible.

Tuck my head down shoulders.

How fast can you run?

Last time I timed it, which was this morning, I can do.

Okay, we don't need any time in between that.

Yeah.

So just use the one from this morning.

We don't need any updated time.

I can go through it right now.

If you need, I don't know if that's what I asked you.

We'll take the one from this morning.

I can do a 50 yard dash in about 20 seconds.

What?

Yep.

Wow.

Why aren't you in the Olympics?

I should be.

You should, yes, you should be.

I'm not interested because the Olympics don't do enough good for my community.

And I'm interested in being a do-gooder.

Okay.

Yeah.

So you're just wandering around Los Files looking for crying people.

Is that what's happening?

That's what I'll do.

That's many of them out there, I reckon.

Yeah.

Would this be a bad time for me to explain my origin story or should I wait for that?

Oh, I do.

A lot of guests don't have origin stories.

London, I didn't even ask you about your origin story.

Yeah, you didn't chat about my origin story.

Yeah, that's true.

That's me to this community organizer over me.

So carry on.

What's your origin story, Ruben?

As a mediocre white man, I have my origin story ready to go.

There you go.

And I let it out.

Yeah.

Any chance I get.

It's way more interesting than the black girl that's come from Britain, it's conquered America.

Go on.

Your sarcasm is on point because this following story is not as interesting.

Go on, babe.

It's true.

Come on, dear.

I mean, go on.

I'm going to say it anyway.

And see if it's interesting.

Go on.

My goal here is to help my neighborhood.

So even if I'm boring in mediocre, I still hope that it adds some good to the neighborhood of Los Files.

And I'm coming on the show to inspire people.

So if that happens, then I've done my job.

My origin story is that I was fired from being a predatory stockbroker and investment manager two weeks ago.

Oh, predatory.

I would to your coworkers or coworkers.

I would be harassing and angry to my coworkers.

I would call up senior citizens and lie to them to get them to invest in poor stocks.

I would take that money and use it to create poorly run apartment complexes.

I love when you're a landlord as well.

Oh, yes, I was.

I got fired.

I lost all my assets.

Okay.

It was money, money, money.

That was my goal.

And it didn't matter who was in my way.

I punished and ruined people.

And this is just two weeks ago?

Yeah, 10 days, really.

I'm rounding up to two weeks.

So what happened?

Usually in the origin story, something happens that makes you change your bad ways.

Wow.

Yeah.

Was there an Uncle Ben type character who died because of this?

Would you be buying a radio active spider?

Like, what happened?

Yeah.

Did you both make Spider-Man references at the same time?

Yes.

You are a nerd, London.

That was so weird.

Were you bitten by a radioactive stock?

What exactly happened?

A radioactive Frazier, perhaps?

Given all the powers of Frazier, I was given all the wit and empathy.

Infrastration.

Yeah, and frustration.

Just all the proportional empathy and frustration of a full Frazier?

No, that did not happen.

My boss took me to his office and said, you're under arrest.

I ran out of the building.

Was he making you a citizen's arrest or was he undercover?

He was arresting me.

He was like, hey, as a citizen, am arresting you for your bad behavior.

Very definition of a citizen's arrest.

As I'm running out, I'm like, you're not a police officer.

He's like, try and stop me.

I jumped out of a window.

Luckily, we were on the first floor.

Oh, thank God.

I just landed in the next.

Did you find that out once you jumped out the window?

Yeah.

I just said, any window will do.

And I was outside.

I'm like, oh, thank God, this is the first floor.

Landed in a soft rolling, some result.

I'm incredibly athletic.

You were running 20 seconds fast.

I could imagine.

Yeah.

But it was soft rolling, some result.

Right now, fast as I could, about 20 seconds, 50 yards.

I didn't time it that particular day, but I assume it was sometime around that fast.

Yes.

At the end of my 50 yards, I'm like, OK, I got to lie low and I'm calculating.

What am I going to do?

I got to escape from the citizens' arrest.

You know, and you start to, who can I hide out with?

What friends of mine won't talk?

And then on the ground, you're not going to believe this.

This isn't Los Felas.

On the ground is a Knight's gauntlet, a metal glove.

A glove, like an old chainmail style.

Right.

It was a suit to armor.

Did you work next to Medieval Times?

Yes.

I worked next to Medieval Times, but I believe that was unrelated.

I couldn't believe this.

On the sidewalk.

Have you ever been to the Medieval Times at Los Felas?

No.

They didn't know they had to change behind the Starbucks at Los Felas and Hillhurst.

OK.

There's a little medieval times.

There's a little mini one.

Yes.

So you find this gauntlet that's been thrown down.

And that is, of course, the origin of these phrase throwing down the gauntlet.

That's right.

Yeah.

And I'm like, I have been challenged.

And Knights, of course, are men of honor.

Of course.

You know, like Sir Lancelot, they are fighting for their kingdom.

They're fighting for chivalry.

Yeah.

You got Brian McKnight.

He was fighting for...

Oh, yeah.

Brian McKnight.

He was one of the...

You can do it anytime.

He's a man of honor.

Brian McKnight.

If you see Brian McKnight walking down the sidewalk and he's singing and you're crying instantly because his voice is too beautiful.

Brian McKnight's voice is so beautiful.

He should be regulated.

Do you know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

The government should step in at this point, most like they...

He shouldn't be allowed to just sing anytime he wants because everyone will just break into tears.

They should break up the monopoly of Brian McKnight's voice.

You know, separate his voice from his body because he's good looking and he has that voice.

Yeah.

It's not fair.

London, you should date Brian McKnight.

I don't know what his status is.

I feel like he's like, oh, though.

He's like, six-se odd, isn't it?

He's just black.

So he looks about 40.

But he's like six-se odd.

That's too old to be a sexual human being.

Would you go out of date with him though?

Just for the spectacle?

Yeah, I would.

I'd probably smash, to be honest.

But...

Yeah.

Can I ask...

And I'm sorry, as a sexless older man, when you say smash, to what degree of interaction are we talking about?

Oh, full penetration, full pain.

Really good.

A slimy in the home.

And feeling all that foam.

I thought smash was just like hard kissing.

Just like, just like, oh no.

It's like, full pain.

Can I ask Ruben, why are you a sexless older man?

I had a castration.

You had a castration?

Self-castration.

Chemical or the old...

Or the old...

Snip-snip.

Yeah, gilding.

Like a full gilding.

Why?

It was interfering with my stock trading.

It was...

No, he's true.

I dated stock traders and they wank a lot, honestly.

Yeah, that's right.

And it was distracting me.

You went through it like four or five times a day to get the drama out.

Yeah.

So I was like, no, no.

All I care about is money, so I gilded myself.

Yeah, I guess that.

It seems like cutting off your junk would make you lose that sort of drive that drives you.

Nah.

Somehow it inspired me more.

I was getting in the way.

It was more focused.

Yeah.

More focused, yeah.

So why were you going to be arrested by your boss?

Because when the boss normally have called the securities, you know, exchange in, they would arrest you.

Is that the question you want to ask him?

You don't want to know about this gauntlet.

More about the gauntlet.

You want to find out about why he don't want to do it?

They are related.

Okay.

Go on.

This is why I like to have people like you on the show because I get lost in these stories of the people's health.

Yes, you can't even.

So I appreciate you have a very organized mind, which I appreciate.

So to have three shows on Netflix, you must be able to because, you know, I would be on the afterparty and just start talking about the history of swear words.

Right.

Is that okay?

You know, like, oh, fuck happened when someone was having sex and banged his penis and said, fuck.

And then said, oh, that's, that's pretty good for what I'm doing right now.

You have watched the show.

Yeah.

Maybe a little bit.

When you, when you said the name of your show was to catch a dick, I thought I was about people who cut their dicks off and had to catch it in their hands.

I thought that the whole special is that what you did or do they have a little bucket down there and then I just like scooped it up in my hands.

And then it went right now.

It's in a little zip block bag in your freezer.

Yes.

Where is it?

I keep it in my freezer.

It's sort of as a keepsake.

Just sort of a memory of my past life.

I would frame it and put it on my shelf like a Grammy.

I'm gonna get a taxidermist to make it look like a little chipmunk.

Well, so you can like say you didn't want to remain sexless and you had a partner and the partner comes over and you say, look, I was castrated, but I can still pleasure you with my original penis.

Yes.

And it's here in the freezer.

What a gentlemanly offer.

As a, as a man of honor, I'd like to say that.

So to, so back to London's question.

Tell us about the gauntlet.

You found the gauntlet.

I found the gauntlet.

I'm in a rent.

So my boss wants to have me arrested.

I assume he was in contact with securities and exchanges commission with the government and he was simply execute.

Because I had broken an insanely high number of laws.

Oh, yeah.

What's high when it comes to laws to?

Yeah.

That's a lot to.

Yeah, at least to.

I had insider trading, you know, I used knowledge from CEOs of actions they were going to do.

What did you know about?

This is 10 days ago.

What did you know about?

Did you know about the game?

Stop.

I knew about game.

Yeah.

Must have known the one of the moderators of the gate of Wall Street bets on Reddit, the little subreddit where this whole thing started.

He and I are buddies.

We're on a trivia with pub trivia team together.

You're on a pub quiz.

I'm going to come to a team with the moderator of Wall Street bets.

And this is the place where they organize the whole GameStop thing where they drove up the price of the stock artificially to frustrate people like me.

But he's my buddy.

He's like, Hey, he's like, and this is a little bit complicated.

He's like, do not short the GameStop stock because, you know, we're going to drive the price up.

And I was like, oh, really?

That's not complicated.

That's exactly what the whole story about GameStop.

Okay, great.

I can't.

I don't know what normal people know about investing.

We know it all.

We understand it.

Yeah.

These are smart people London and I, right?

Yeah.

Mm hmm.

Seems like a, seems like a huge claim, but, um, you're very big.

I may be just, you know, yeah, this is my old, this is my old self coming back.

My credit to her.

You got to cut off your, your, your penis.

I don't know what's left.

You're both still there.

Everything's gone.

The whole thing.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

It was a disaster.

I shouldn't have done it.

And you did it yourself?

Yeah.

See, I see quite a lot of people in this.

Yeah.

No, I bet, but normally I would go into like a surgeon to do that form.

Normally, did you just say, Scott, did you say normally you were?

Yeah, in a normal situation.

When I'm cutting my penis off.

Okay, cool.

You're right.

It's an extraordinary situation.

I think I would leave it to a professional.

You out your, and you know what?

You'd be right because I screwed up.

I was like, I'm an athlete.

I can do this.

And I blew it.

I did it.

What's that movie?

Is it 120 to an hour?

Yeah.

What's the face is cutting off its arm?

What is like that?

Yeah.

It was like that.

In one freak.

And it was like.

You know, if it had been, if it had been 128 hours, he would have gotten to his penis.

He would have finally gotten around to it.

Thank God they came in when he did.

I pitched a version of that movie where a guy's dick is caught between two rocks and he has to cut it off.

And I'd be like, this is like two hours.

This movie would be two hours.

Because you'd just do it right away.

You'd just do it right away.

Yeah.

You know what?

It's not working.

What was he doing with his penis in the rocks?

Exactly.

How big did you think I have to be to get into rock?

And why not just like let it go soft?

What if you're somebody who's aroused by nature?

So you're in the majesty.

Yeah.

It's just never going to go soft.

I may as well just cut this off.

Yeah.

Tragedy.

That is a thing.

You know, you can be aroused by rock.

Yeah.

Well, you know what?

Ruben, Ruben, we do need to take a break.

I want to get your second crime when we come back as well as whether London thinks she's the co-host or a fellow host of the Netflix afterparty.

So these are two big revelations that we're going to have when we come back.

Okay.

We're going to take a break.

We'll be right back with more London Hughes, more Ruben Stone in Oh, Albert Rowe is coming up a little later.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang, after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

London Hughes of the Netflix afterparty and to catch a dick and history of swear.

We're going to take a break.

Hi.

And we teased it before the break.

Are you a host?

You can do yourself a host?

I consider myself a host.

Whoa.

Yeah.

Incredible revelation.

Yeah, I'm a host.

You're the, you're a host.

I would say there's free hosts.

There's free hosts and I'm one of the hosts.

So I am a host of the Netflix afterparty.

But do you, do you give David Spade a little bit of deference?

Like a, no, you're a co equal, co equal branch of hosting.

Tell you why.

Cause we've all got different parts of the show that we host by ourselves.

That's right.

Yes.

It's not like David Spade hosts the whole thing.

And I'm just there to look cute and be diversity.

Do you know what I mean?

No, it's not.

I actually have a section.

It's called off to London.

And I host it by myself.

And I interview the guests by myself, which you hope that much like when the Simpsons was on the Tracy Omen show and it became its own thing, do you think off to London?

Would just be its own show after it.

Because David Spade, he seems during that show like he has one foot out the door anyway.

And it just started.

So I don't know how much longer he continues this.

David Spade, no.

This thing about David, that's his whole stick in it.

You're not loving for that.

You love that part.

Of course.

We love David Spade was on this show just a few scant months ago.

The thing is, it's crazy thing about me is doing a show of him.

He's not famous for anything apart from being the llama in the Emperor's new group.

In Britain, really?

No one knows him for anything other than that.

It was like David Spade.

That's the note.

I'm like, llama.

He was llama.

Ruben Stone is also here, community organizer.

Ruben, before the break, we were, we teased that we were going to hear your second crime.

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

Because the first crime was basically a financial crime inside your trading.

Yes.

What was the second crime?

Malphizans.

Malphiz.

Whoa.

Wow.

What an amazing revelation to bring back after the commercial break.

I bet our listeners are so glad that when you say- Why do you first foster that crime?

It's a high stakes crime.

What exactly did you, Malphiz?

Yeah.

Malphizans is like the wrong doing of a public official basically, like misusing your political power.

Were you a public official?

It seemed to me like you were just a stock trader.

It seemed to me like, yeah.

I was the president of the One Direction Fan Club in Los Feliz, and I used my power to take all of the leaked MP3s for myself and not distribute them to the group.

I see a head of the criminal- And that is a criminal offense?

I didn't think so, but the- it was a very passionate fan club, and they were able to get me charged with Malphizans.

Yeah.

They got a very talented lawyer, and the charge is stuck.

This also seems like a civil trial more than- I think it should have been.

Ruben.

Absolutely should have been.

Who's your favorite member of what?

In order- In alphabetical order.

Who's your favorite member?

Who's your favorite member of what?

In order?

Who's your favorite member of what?

In order?

In alphabetical order.

Who's your favorite member of what?

In order- In alphabetical order.

Who's your favorite member of what?

In order- In alphabetical order.

In alphabetical order.

Who's your favorite member of what?

In order- In alphabetical order.

In alphabetical order.

Who's your favorite member of what?

In order- In alphabetical order.

Who's your favorite member of what?

In alphabetical order.

Who's your favorite member of what?

In alphabetical order.

in Fat Club.

It's a little known B-side that never got released called Check Out The Shopping Mall, which they just did a tour of a shopping mall.

And they each took a little verse where they would talk about different stores.

Different stores?

Oh baby, what?

Can you sing some of that, I never heard of it.

Yeah, oh hang on, I'm a cut of my other foot.

Oh no, your other foot?

My other foot is caught in a different shower drain.

How many showers do you have at your place?

Yeah, I mean you're rich obviously.

I'm super rich.

I got a ton of bathrooms, I got at least three.

How many baths, how many baths and is it a tutor?

What's a tutor?

It's an English tutor house.

I've seen some tutors over there in Los Villas recently.

This is a ranch style, a single one story ranch style, two bedroom, four bathroom.

That's a lot of bathrooms for a two bedroom.

I had two at it, I had two at it.

And how many drains, how many drains are there?

Yeah, how many drains are, what normally a bathroom has?

Two drains at least if they have a shower in there.

Just one.

Just one drain.

So the sink and the shower share a drain?

That's right.

I had the sink routed into the tub.

I was like, this is wasteful to have two drains.

So what was you so, it's best to sing in the shower and you are in the shower.

So why don't you sing those shopping now?

Yeah, let's hear a little bit.

We've already talked about me being a mediocre white man.

Do you really wish me to display by lack of talent in another area?

Is that so the year?

Well, who threw down this gauntlet?

I think that's the big question.

I've been trying to get to know this question for so long now that I don't really care anymore.

I have to, but I'm reading into the situation a little bit, but I assumed that a knight, a man of honor, had thrown down the gauntlet to challenge other citizens to also be men of honor.

That I was chosen by finding this gauntlet, by the universe to live my life in an honorable fashion, to be a modern knight in all the good ways.

So you jumped out the window, did a somersault.

Did you do a somersault or am I just making that up?

I said that several times.

I fell into a nice graceful, so I was proud of it, which is why I brought it up.

How many times did you turn over to do a 360?

One and a half, one and a half sprung to my feet lightly.

Right.

It's easy to tuck and roll when you have no junk because you can sort of compress.

This is true.

You don't have to be in the tuck part.

As a woman, I can confirm that this is true.

Yes.

Then I ran top speed 50, 75 yards, found the gauntlet.

Have you ever timed yourself at miles per hour?

No, I haven't done it.

Huh.

Are you only good in short distances or can you run long distances as well?

Yeah, I run out of gas quickly.

I'm like a turbo boost.

50 yard guy.

50 yards, I can probably squeeze 100 yards, but if I try to do like a five cave and I'm out of gear.

Why aren't you like a running back for the NFL?

I should have been, I should have been.

But nobody was in the previous life.

But it's true.

Yeah.

Have you ever gone to a psychic or, you know, an astrologist and figured out what you were in a previous life?

Yes, I have it.

And I was not involved in football.

I was a very fast welder in World War I.

Oh, okay.

That's not bad.

No.

Yeah.

I mean, they needed those planes.

What's wrong with you, Ruby?

Nothing.

Nothing's wrong, man.

I've never been better.

My life is on a terrific upswing.

I have purpose.

Yeah.

Ruby, you've got your hand.

You've found on the gauntlet, right?

Yes.

You found the gauntlet.

You picked it up.

Yeah.

How did it turn you into a good person?

I just decided.

Oh.

Ruby, I need to say that this whole time.

Yeah.

Unreflection, I should have.

I'm mediocre even in my narrative, uh, churchness.

It seems to me like, Ruby, you, you, you, we're outside of a little medieval times.

Yeah.

Where one of the employees just dropped part of his costume.

Mm-hmm.

Because of Good Samaritan, what you should have done is went to the little medieval times and said, hey, someone dropped this outside your place.

In the Lost and Spout.

She was looking for it.

Yeah.

Because that employee now has to pay for this glove.

And I bet it's better.

And it's coming out of a salary.

Yeah.

And it's COVID.

So no one's got there.

What's it?

Stimulus checks.

Oh my God.

So it's sad.

London, you're up to date on American politics too.

That's humiliating to me.

See, we're both smart.

We really are.

Yeah.

We're not.

Well, this is a terrible story.

Rubenstone, community organizer.

Yeah.

You know, I mean.

He's been through it, man.

He's been through it.

Yeah, he has.

But I think we're finding out that not everybody gets on this show is someone that we can admire.

And your story is good.

And it started out so well.

Like, we need to organize that guy that does good deeds.

Like, I was crying and you helped me from 50 yards away.

And you fucked it.

You fucked it.

I did.

Get yourself together.

I need to hear it.

I'm face to demons.

And return that glove.

Return the glove.

Give back the gauntlet.

Stop the steal.

Yeah.

I really don't what I'm going to see if I can keep the glove.

But I'll go offer it.

Why do I keep the glove?

So it's rad.

I just think Mike's stuff is rad.

Do you own like other other sort of night memorabilia, like swords and stuff like that?

I got stuff here there.

I got a sword.

Yeah.

I'll run across a mace or a battle axe and I'll pick it up and I'll take it back with me.

This is all just stuff you're stealing from many times.

You need to give it back.

You need to give that back to people.

I like to go to medieval times.

And if someone's leaving something around, I feel like that's there for the customers.

So I'm leaving it more in like the employee break room, play break room, the trunks of people's cars.

If somebody's just like leagues leaving something around, I'll pick it up.

No, Ruben, you need to give the people that stuff back.

This is bad.

Ruben, well, Ruben, we have to move on to our next guest.

If that's really fun.

No, London, how we feel?

You ready to talk to?

No, I'm not really.

You're not really ready?

Okay.

So you can actually steal yourself if you can because this person has been on the show before.

He is a grocer.

I can't remember exactly what the name of his store is, but I do remember that it is completely glass and he paints the windows, I think.

But welcome back to the show Albert Rowe.

Hello, Albert.

Hey, Scott, let me ask you something.

Oh, God, wow, the third guest in a row to ask me something.

How you doing, boss man?

Hey, bringing back the first two questions.

And combining them.

I'm doing well, my man, Albert Rowe.

Great to see you.

This is London.

This is Ruben.

Hello, Ruben.

Hello, London.

Nice to meet you both.

Hi, Albert.

You know, I wish I could say, you know, that I was here under, you know, different circumstances, but I do have an announcement today.

Different as in better or different as in worse?

You know, it's hard to say.

Yeah, it's hard.

Yeah, I don't think anyone ever wishes they were somewhere under worse circumstances.

Yeah.

I really don't wish I was here for a worse reason.

Right.

Go on, Albert.

Speak your truth, honey.

So as you said, some of you know, I own a grocery store.

I own an operated grocery store called Kisses.

Kisses, that's right.

And your promises to, I'm going to kiss every single item in the store.

Every item in the store has been kissed.

And that's the kiss he's guaranteed.

And kissed by you.

Like, I want to make sure the kiss he's guaranteed is not that your employees are kissing.

No, no, no.

Yeah, personally kissing.

If I even get catch wins that someone else is kissing them, they're fucking done.

Because that cancels out your kiss.

It cancels it out and it's just it doesn't feel as special if like an apple had multiple lips on it.

That's right.

So you you own and are the proprietor and those two usually go hand in hand.

That's right.

They have a different proprietor for a little bit, but I got it back.

So you are the owner and proprietor of Kisses.

And we've we've talked to you a few times almost like you're trying to become a thing here on this show.

But we've talked to you a few times and what I own thing, baby.

That's true.

What happened the your previous just catches up on on the Kisses experience.

So last time I was here establishing myself, I suppose, I we I revealed that I was not complying with the who or CDC guidelines.

You could come into my store without a mask.

You don't have to separate six feet and all that stuff.

But and there were freeway directions painted on your windows.

Is that what there was the freeway directions are not painted on my windows.

There are there are things painted on my windows that say like advertise like what's going on in a store.

I'm going to go door on the store.

The the freeway directions are on other windows across the town because I like I did I picked up vandalism last time I was here and I just wanted people to know that they had passed a certain point.

They've gone too far.

Right.

Okay.

They got to turn back around and go back to the store.

That's what they're looking for.

But if not carry on.

Sure.

Okay.

So that was the those were the previous circumstances and it seems to me when you left the show last time everything was going your way and and and row was going to be on the upswing and everything is just going up up up.

But what happened?

Well it hurts to say that we did have to close.

We had to.

What of kisses.

You don't have doors.

Well, yeah, I know.

Imagine how hard that was and how confused I was.

I had to I had to do what's called a controlled blast and I had to sort of like debris.

If not 11 weeks.

Well, I let's say I borrowed a few techniques.

Okay.

All right.

George W Bush on the phone.

Yeah, I had to call my pal, W and so what I did was yeah, I had to sort of allow debris to fall within the door frame and that allowed people to not go inside.

What happened?

Why did you who's making you close?

Well, it finally happened.

The CDC came for my next got my own on your neck.

I thought I was sitting pretty.

I was having I was feeling cocky head.

I was cocking the walk.

Wait, wait, wait.

How did this see how did the CDC find out that you would just like?

I mean, you were on this very popular podcast talking about it.

I did sort of advertise to an audience of hundreds of thousands that I was doing this and numbers.

What would you work for the company?

I might know a guy.

But I so you know, that didn't help.

And also I was just telling everybody about everybody that asked.

And so they found out and I you know, lo and behold, I had a secret shopper.

Oh, no, who worked at the CDC undercover?

Well, it was Dr. Fauci.

Oh, Fauci.

Wow.

Yeah.

And you know, how could I I should have known London that it was him?

Right.

He was just wearing like those glasses with the big nose and mustache.

Right.

I thought he was just like a strange looking man.

Like the grout your glasses?

The grout your glasses.

Yeah.

And I said this is the craziest guy I've ever seen.

And he came in.

Did he buy any of the kisses product or did he just walk around looking?

Well, he had to entrap me, didn't he?

And so he he tried to buy a loaf of bread.

Right.

And mind if I give that a kiss.

And wait, so you hadn't pre kissed it because I was under the impression that everything once it got to the shelves, it had been kissed.

Well, that was sort of how I was doing it before.

Do you sort of have it?

Do you have a never been kissed section of the store?

I call it the Barrymore aisle and there is a sort of there's a lot of nothing stuff never been kissed in there.

But I found recently that people are more into the farm to table experience.

So they like to see how the I think is like their pretty experience.

And like, wait, so like when you go to subway, you have to choose your own order.

Exactly.

Yeah.

When I go to kizzies, I could get give you this thing to kiss.

Yeah.

And if you're like not satisfied with like my performance, I could like go back at it again and sort of just be like, how would you like this kiss?

That's sort of like my my mics way.

Because I'm subway, you can have different types of style of bread.

Like what type of thousand kisses do you have?

Yeah, do you like your mom's?

I do sort of like a more conservative wedding kiss like, you know, just kind of like cheek to cheek.

I'll do cheek to cheek.

Where do you say more conservative wedding kiss?

Do you mean the bride and the groom or like people congratulating them?

I guess I mean, I mean the bride and the groom.

You know, maybe they're not trying to do like tongue necessarily, but I'll get tongue in there.

How many times have you seen people when they say you can kiss the bride like doing full just gross tongue?

They should.

I mean, some of these, you know, young young people are getting married nowadays.

Yeah, I would be surprised if we go to a wedding someday, someone needs to ask.

I would have had like like mono from.

Well, yeah, that was sort of like why we had to shut the store down.

It wasn't like a it wasn't a COVID outbreak.

It was a mono nucleosis.

It was it was mono.

It was the herpes syntax virus.

It was a lot of stuff going on.

Oh, God.

Yeah.

Wow.

It was a big to do.

So Fauci busted you himself.

Did he take off his groucho glasses and say, Hey, recognize me?

Your bus.

Yeah.

And I was like, well, you're wearing a mask, sir.

I don't.

I can't really.

But I would think Fauci would wear a mask that you know those masks where you can take a picture of the lower half of your face.

So everyone recognizes you.

I would think he would do that because he's like famous now.

So he's also I should have really known because he said his name was Dauci.

Like he didn't really come up with a good name.

That's just taking the R out of it.

He took the whole thing out.

Yeah.

He kept the D from doctor.

Wow.

Crazy.

But so we had to close down and I but I'm happy to say, Oh, wait, wait, you're happy to say something?

This is incredible.

This is a tease, I think, because we do need to take a break.

Oh, great.

When we come back, you are going to tell us if something you are happy about.

Yes.

Wow.

This is incredible.

All right.

We're heading into act three of the narrative of this episode.

Yes, that's right.

We're in the crisis of conscience right now as far as this episode.

Oh my God.

When we come back, we'll have more London use more Ruben stone.

Sorry to call you Robyn there, but you know, it's what we call a slip of the tongue.

I hope you don't throw down the gauntlet to me and we'll have more Albert Rowe will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

We're back.

We have London Hughes of the Netflix after party and to catch a dick and history of swear words.

You actually said to catch a dick properly that time.

I can talk like a human being occasionally.

Well done.

Thank you so much.

We also have Ruben stone who's currently on the run from a citizen's arrest situation.

We also have Albert Rowe here.

He's got happy news to tell us.

Happy news.

Thank you for keeping me on track London.

What is the happy news?

Well, the store is valid again.

We're back.

We're open and we're bigger than ever and we have an app.

What?

Yeah, we've gone mobile.

We're online.

We're logged on.

Are you viral?

We're viral.

Well, we were viral and now we're viral.

Yeah, you're both kinds of.

Five.

What kinds?

And the app, it's not just for ordering groceries.

This app does all sorts of things.

We got some of the best and brightest from Silicon Valley on this app and it's really, really spectacular.

Some of these people who won't date London, these Silicon Valley types.

Unfortunately, I did run into some of them and I was sort of just like, what is your problem, man?

Get out of here.

What are you doing?

What do you say?

Well, they said, look, I'm not in the dating business.

I'm in the making apps business.

It was like a news route.

Why are we only on bumble then?

Was this just a guy who made the app?

It probably was.

Yeah, he might have just made these guys make apps.

You won't have been talking to the developer of the app itself and then suddenly you asked to date him and he blocked you.

The thing is, I didn't even know it's a date.

I just said to me, Fallon, you know, so.

Yeah, those are two scary words to a developer.

I've tried using the dating apps.

The interface is too complicated.

I don't understand how they're so easy.

I mean, I wouldn't know because they were invented after I was already off the market, as they say.

Oh, Scott.

Not to bring up markets to you, Albert.

We get it.

Well, yeah, that's sort of my lane.

So I'm going to ask you to watch yourself.

I'm coming for your neck.

I swear to God, everyone, this is why I got into the app business because I needed to make my neck so thick nobody could get around it.

OK, so we're doing more than just, yeah, you can order groceries online.

We can do deliver.

I will bring a groceries to your house.

Wow.

OK.

And these pre-kissed.

Well, that's the thing.

You can sort of have a pre-kissed and have a no-contact delivery.

Contactless delivery.

Yeah.

Yeah, contactless delivery.

Or you can get full contact, get in your house.

And I'll kiss everything right in front of you and then whatever else you want, kissing there.

Everything in their house?

Anything.

Yeah, they can pay a premium for it or they can get Kissi's Prime, it's called.

And then I'll just kiss whatever they ask me to.

Wait, what about like single women that just need some attention from the future?

Well, so there is an app function for that and it is you can either pair up with other people on the app for kissing.

Wait a minute.

So you just have a dating app within your grocery store app?

This sounds like an escort service.

Exactly.

No, it's well, I mean, you could call it that if you want.

I, I, personally would be.

Did this start as an OnlyFans account?

Yeah.

Look.

Sounds like it did.

There is a tier on there that you could, you could purchase, you know, nudes or a little if engagement, like sort of things like, you sound so dismissive of your nudes, like nudes.

Well, whatever of your nudes, you know what?

Yeah, my nudes.

Are you proud of your individual nudes out there?

They're my nudes there.

Yeah, there's sometimes maybe a picture of me sort of caressing like a melon, a sort of bushel of grapes, you know, some, some, a bag of flour, whatever you, whatever you think is good.

I'll give that a kiss, but that's, you have to put all three of those things together.

And it's almost like a woman's body.

Oh, a couple of melons, some grapes down there and a bag of flour.

I'm looking at your app right now.

I loaded up your app out of my phone.

So if I go to kiss these primes, I'm able to navigate this app and not Google.

I downloaded the beta.

I signed on as a tester.

Yeah.

I figured out, but this I got.

Okay, what's your, what are you finding on that ribbon?

Any nine?

Kisses prime.

I'm going to kiss these.

Yeah, there's food.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm going to go over.

Well, right.

I'm in, I'm in the delivery method and I'm picking full contact.

Right.

It's asking me if I want to join kiss these prime.

I'll say yes.

We're going to enter my credit card number.

Hold on.

I have several, not mine.

I'm in.

Okay.

I got these ones that you found at medieval times as well.

I found these at medieval times also.

I just laying around.

I found this one in a glove compartment of a, of a truck.

Oh my God.

I'm just happy the app's working.

It seems like the, the UI is, has really improved from, from where it was a couple days ago.

So this is good.

Get to the developers to talk to the stitcher people.

How, when did you realize that you wanted to do kissing professionally?

Well, you, so that's the interesting thing here is that I wouldn't say that that is my main job.

It's just like one of the, it's just a benefit of what I get to do.

And people are grossing with benefits.

I'm a grocer with benefits and, you know, it's, it's, you know, there's some days where I wish, I mean, do I wish the store would just close forever?

I can just kiss whoever I want.

I, that's what you think would follow if the store didn't exist.

You have your chance, by the way, when you did the control demolition of the building.

Look, I had to come up with this whole thing.

I had to come up with a grocery store.

So then I could even kiss even a, you know, a cooking tin or whatever they sell at stores, anything.

You don't know what they sell in other stores, other than your store doesn't have everything that normal stores have.

It is sort of like a boutique market where you can kind of just get the essentials.

But we've expanded now to sort of branded snacks so you can get like kisses versions of like Oreos or whatever.

Do you kiss the Hushies kisses?

So those then actually cancel each other out and just become Hushies.

Oh, yeah.

So it's just candy bars?

Yeah, they turn into candy bars actually.

Oh my God.

I'm ordering some candy bars here on this app.

Yes.

I'm ordering some Holy Bread, two melons.

It looks like, yeah, there's a lot of, there's junior mince.

We have a lot of branded candies here.

Well, yeah, I'm starting to, we're starting to remove the brand and put the Kissies logo on it and up just an outline of my lips on the package.

Does it have to be an outline of your lips?

Because I think we would get it if it was just an outline.

Yeah.

General lips, we would understand.

I just need the people buying the stuff to know what they're getting into.

Did you pose for like a molds of your lips?

Like when they do the molds of the fake vaginas and all that?

Yeah, you can buy a pair of my lips on the website as well.

On the media app.

Okay, see, this is now you're in the sex toy business.

Yeah, see, this is the thing.

I think you're confused.

Is this like a flashlight with your lips around it?

What is a flashlight, by the way?

Well, let me just show you.

It's too hard to explain.

No, it's a thing.

It's what they call a sex toy that is contoured like a vagina for men to stick their penises in and it's, I guess maybe they vibrate.

I have no idea.

Why is it called a flashlight?

It's because it's shaped like a flashlight.

Because the top part where the light would come out is where the business happens.

Where the contours of a vagina are.

What?

It does seem like they were.

You guys call it a torch.

This is where the confusion is.

Yeah.

A torch in England is a flashlight here in America.

Yeah, I'm aware, but what's a flashlight?

They just did a long walk to get to a pun basically.

Why even if you shaped like a vagina, why is it long?

Because it has a tube in it.

You know how long your vagina is, right?

We all measure our vaginas.

I actually don't.

I'm sure it's cool.

You don't have a 10 inch vagina?

No, I don't know.

I have no idea how long it is.

I know it's great down there though.

Okay.

Yes.

So it's shaped like a flashlight for men to put their penises in.

Okay.

Yes.

Okay.

So now we know.

Yeah.

This is an educational podcast.

You sell flashlights and you kiss them.

No, it has the shape of his own lips.

Yeah, exactly.

So and they only go about like skull deep.

They don't go very far.

They're not very long.

Albert, I just matched with somebody on this app.

I ordered a full contact kissies and I have matched with a woman, former stockbroker who's on the run.

I don't know.

I never I haven't been able to.

Wow, you have a lot of con with her.

Yeah.

I'm actually looking forward to me to really do a COVID safe.

So wait, when people match and you're not involved in this, Albert, do you do you get involved?

Is it like a trouble situation or?

I do have to sort of like be there for the whole thing.

So chaperone as a chaperone as a participant as like a shop.

Everyone is not a participant.

Okay.

So you're doing free sims with the kisses matchmaker.

Okay.

But I'm not doing more than kissing.

Okay.

So like when you guys you guys do you handle first base only I would like that.

I do first base.

It's like if you you guys handle the rest, I'm not getting involved in like the coitus or at all.

I'm sure I'd be but I think I'd enjoy me having sex with a guy and then you just come in now, but and just kissing off.

You're you're a lot like if you're watching baseball game, you're really good to hit a single and then you run to first base and then they get a faster runner out there to round the rest of the bases.

Is that what it is?

Exactly.

Yeah.

It could be a great job.

I think it's absolutely it's stealing bases I think.

Yeah.

You guys can't kiss contractually.

You're not allowed to kiss during all of it.

But like when you feel like kissing, that's what I'm like.

Yeah, exactly.

I'm a pincer kisser.

I don't know London.

You're maybe the only person who's in the market for this pun intended again.

I mean Ruben Stone is a sexless old man and I'm off the market.

Yeah.

How does this sound to you?

This sounds great.

Honestly, I mean, I'm excited to come over and watch me.

I'm sex with someone and then just kiss us.

I don't watch.

I'm just kind of there.

Do you hurt your eyes or do you like cover or do you ever peek in between your fingers?

I took look at the time.

Yeah, because like I'm not trying to let anybody.

I mean the story is my first love and I love kissing, you know, deli meat and so wait, every slice or do you just kiss the like a ham is delivered and you kiss the ham itself.

No, I'll kiss the slice.

I'll kiss the full ham.

But I'm slicing and I'm kissing, you know, and every I'm chatting here on your app with this woman and every time I submit a text, the app makes a little kissy noise as I submit.

That was like a day of mine.

Yeah, I was like, I don't want to hear this.

I don't want to hear who I want to hear.

And with your original kissing, I recorded I recorded a bunch of sounds and he took, you know, the better part of like two months to get every sort of kind of kiss.

So I didn't realize there's that many kisses.

Oh, yeah, because it's the long kiss.

Yeah, exactly.

I'll be able to.

Well, yeah, I did a lot of like.

Mm.

These are noises you're making that are that accompany the kiss.

Yeah, but I did a lot of that stuff and I had to record it for a lot because like depends.

It's linked to the type of message you sent.

So like if you just said like a, hey, I'll be right there.

So wait, they're reading your messages and they know the tone?

Yeah, exactly.

It'll sort of like pick up the tone.

Are there certain keywords that if they say this keyword, okay, it's going to be this kind of kiss.

Yeah.

So like if you said like, hey, I can't wait to meet up or something like early, it'll be like, great, like that's sort of like a short and sweet casual kid.

Right.

But if you like send something like very like explicit, I'm in love with you.

What's the kiss for that?

Mm.

That's not, I mean, that is not the most romantic kiss I've ever heard.

Stop kissing me goodbye.

Yeah.

What about, hey, let's smash.

If it's let's smash, it's like a lot of like, it's just a lot of like, oh God.

Wow.

ASMR friends are very happy with this episode.

Yeah.

I am not.

Also, I just feel kind of these kisses are lacking in diversity.

They just sound like patient kisses to me.

Or patient male kisses.

Well, yeah.

I'm going to get some kisses from different, you know, kind of people.

I mean, I could do like, like for example, if I were to pick a type of person, maybe like a half Mexican half Puerto Rican kiss, like sort of just like, mmm.

Mmm.

If I happen to be half Mexican half Puerto Rican, that's how I would do it.

Right.

Well, that is not you.

Is that right?

Elmer Robeson.

That's not you.

I know Azosas son.

Yeah.

I know Azosas son and I do consider myself to be actually a pretty astounding white man, not mediocre.

I'm very good at your white.

Yeah.

Wow.

Like a baffling one.

Yeah.

It's like this guy is so white.

Yeah.

Wow.

Well, Elmer Robe, congratulations.

I mean, it seems like things are on the upswing for you.

Thanks.

You know, I mean, 2021 is looking good for you.

So good.

I actually do think 2021 was my year.

So this is kind of just extra.

Oh, okay.

Well, we are running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

What have you been up to?

What should we go see?

It's time to plug up all those holes you left inside of me.

Oh, it's time.

Yes, it's time for some plugs.

Oh, very nice.

Beautiful.

That was double plug in by Wobsie.

Wow.

That was beautiful.

I mean, again, it's about plugs, which I thought we'd moved on from there, but we're back to singing songs about plugs here.

Guys, what do we want to plug?

London, you have free rain.

You can plug anything you want.

I feel like I should really be plugging kisses.

I said, sure.

Why not?

You can seed your plugs to him and then Ruben, I'm not going to plug you.

You need to get help.

You really do.

You need to see professional help.

You need to get back then people that go on lips and they're chamell.

Yeah.

Only one gauntlet, but I have several other pieces of channel.

As a source.

Yeah.

No, that's true.

Yes.

You need to get back to me and then you need to get back to me.

I'm going to be a bit of a fan of this.

I'm going to be a fan of this.

I want you incarcerated.

Oh, my God.

Have you ever held doors in a window?

I fit right into your store.

I'm jumping out of the windows all the time.

I think I'm a thing, baby.

We'll link them to the listeners decide.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
