---
layout: page
title: 694. Adam Brody, Ryan Gaul, Madeline Walter [c74c0f19-d28e-40fb-8a74-acd7000ec9c2].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪♪ Every tool is a hammer if you put parachute pants on it.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Nicknames Expert.

Nicknames Expert for that catchphrase submission.

I believe a new catchphrase submitter.

Thank you so much, Nicknames Expert.

Not an expert on nicknames, but it is possessive.

Nicknames, nickname, apostrophe S expert.

So I don't quite know what that means.

But thank you to them for submitting that.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

We have an incredible show.

I know I'm used to saying that, but this time I actually mean it.

I have not meant it every single other time.

This is the first time I've ever meant it.

So you are in for a treat.

Coming up a little later, we have a businessman.

Businessman, not an entrepreneur.

Let me be clear, a businessman.

So that is gonna be an incredible conversation.

Also, my new neighbor is gonna be on the show.

As a lot of you know, I recently moved into the neighborhood and I have a new neighbor.

So I thought, hey, you know, why meet them in person?

You know, at their place, why not invite them onto the podcast?

This is my true home.

So coming up first though, we have a gentleman he is returning to the show.

He has not been on in eight years approximately.

One of the longest stretches.

Look, I gotta say though, it's even longer for the people who are on once and then never return.

So, you know, we're happy to see him back.

He is an actor who first burst onto the screens back in the early 2000s on a little show called The OC, then leapt into movies such as Mr. and Mrs. Smith sleeping with other people, Shazam.

He has two movies out right now, both of which I've seen and we'll talk about promising young woman and the kid detective, which is available on Blu-ray DVD and digital right now, returning for the first time in eight years, Adam Brody.

Thank you.

Thank you for having me.

I didn't want to come back till I had anything.

Good to plug in this.

Yeah.

So I think in between then you've done a lot of stuff.

So you don't think any of it is any good?

No, no.

Okay, good.

No.

I mean, I like to last, leave me with other people.

Yeah, I don't know.

Those weren't mine.

These are mine.

Keep the detectives in mind.

Good, good, good.

Well, it's great to have you back on the show.

I've been a big fan of yours ever since the OC days.

And you're always very funny in popping up in little comedy projects and stuff like that.

You've always had ties to the comedy community.

So it's great to have you back on this show, which also shares similar ties with the comedy community.

I walk in both worlds, the drama and the comedy.

You're much like Blaine.

I'm a day walker.

You're a day walker and a night walker.

I would love to see you in the movie Blaine now.

Look, obviously you can't play Blaine, not in this climate.

But I would love to see you.

Remember how Stephen Dorif.

I was just gonna say that, yes.

You could be the new Stephen Dorif.

I'd love to be the old Stephen Dorif.

Sure, why not any iteration of Stephen Dorif?

I would love to be.

It's great to have you on the show and both of your films I saw in the last couple of days, promising young woman I did not even know you were in, not due to any fault things of your own or your PR department, but you have an, you're not necessarily the star of it, like you are in Kid Detective.

You have a pivotal role, which I don't necessarily want to spoil promising young woman all that much, but you play a role that sort of gets everything going.

Is that right?

Yeah, I'm the first a Psalter, the first rapist maybe.

Oh God, okay, I didn't want to spoil it.

I think the cat's out of the bag now.

Yeah, people don't know what promising young woman is about.

It's about a woman who sort of takes, it's sort of like the old revenge movies in a way where a person is wronged and they then take revenge upon a bunch of people.

And what's interesting about the film is it's cast, I don't know who cast it.

Do you remember who cast it?

No.

Okay, sorry.

I wish I did, but I don't.

But the casting is so interesting because it casts all these really funny comedians in it, almost like it's on purpose.

Like you're really funny and Sam Richardson and...

I think more than even humor the through line there with all the men is, you know, affable, plain, mostly, you know, known for plain nice guys that you would take home to mom.

Right, yeah, they're all these really nice guys and in your, since you've already spoiled it, in your first scene you are kind of the nice guy in your group, which is really interesting.

And you are the one kind of telling the other guys who are these sort of lecherous guys to take it easy and you go out of your way to help this young person.

And then in between you taking her home and the bar that you find her at, you make a diversion to your place and you find out that you're not as nice as you seem.

Yeah, and what's so funny and disgusting about it is, I think he thinks they're really hitting it off.

You know, he's not like, I'm gonna, you know, he doesn't have a nefarious plan.

I don't think he thinks like, this is, there's something here.

There's a spark between us.

Right, which is like, when you're observing it from the outside like we are, there's obviously nothing going on.

It's like, you know, and the film really explores that in a really interesting way.

So I thought it was really cool that you were involved in that.

So Kudos to you for being in an interesting film.

Yes, thank you.

Well, it was my treat.

Well, and was it a treat?

Did you get a treat at the end of every filming day?

Oh boy, no, not, no.

You get older and the craft service and the catering doesn't have the same.

The lure?

Yeah, yeah, the same aromatic.

Do they make mini grilled cheese sandwiches ever?

I don't remember.

It's almost exclusively tied to the budget and this is fairly mid-low.

So it's probably not that good.

Grilled cheese probably was the order of the day.

The director ever ordered a coffee truck as a treat?

Oh yeah, I'm sure that.

Why would it treat?

Oh boy, something you could go to any corner in America now and get for yourself.

Well, that's a great film, but primarily you're here to talk about the Kid Detective, which you star in.

And I saw this last night and it's really, really funny and really good.

I really, really enjoyed it.

And a lot of times I have people on the show before I see their thing and then I watch their thing and I'm like, yeah boy.

But Kid Detective is really good.

It's on Blu-ray, DVD and digital right now, but it wasn't theaters at the end of last year.

I'm so weird.

It was like we got this, you know, took forever to get this movie, I mean years and years and years and years to get the idea.

Were you involved from the beginning?

Yeah, I mean, the director approached me with this idea even before the script eight years ago and then a year later showed me the first act and I was like, it's great.

And then we talked about it a little disappeared.

It took him a year to write the first act.

This is slow.

Well, I'm sure he had other stuff going on.

And then but that said, he's not prolific and came back a year later with the, I kind of forgot about it with the finished screenplay and then it was the five secure journey looking for money for this, which is so boring.

Yeah, were you out there knocking on doors yourself or?

Yeah, I mean, I mean a handful, you know, we went to a handful of meetings and conversations about pitching in places and finding indie financing is like one of them, I've done it a handful of times and been involved in trying to do it.

And it's such a boring racket because you would, you're going to, there's companies, but they don't have money or everyone's like, yeah, we'll make your movie.

If you get movie stars to do it for scale, no problem.

You know?

Right.

And which is, you know, hard.

And then you're meeting people that either don't have money or you're meeting even worse, you're having these dinners with random like people that have oil money or tons of money, tons of money from a different industry and don't know anything about movies and you've got to indulge them for, and then they find the movie industry to be sexy and they want to get involved.

And you've got to explain the subtleties of your movie to someone who doesn't really speak the language and ultimately isn't going to make it.

And, you know, I get a little bitter about having spent my time that way.

But ultimately, the way we really got this movie made was the Canadian government telefilm paper.

That's right.

Well, I wanted to say I was watching this last night and I don't know where it was supposed to be said in the film, but suddenly- It's a fictional American.

A fictional Americana.

Suddenly one of the actress said a boat.

Yeah.

And I said, this motherfucking movie is made in Canada.

And I looked it up and sure enough, everyone in it is Canadian except you.

Yeah.

Which is wonderful actually because what it allowed us, we filmed in this town called North Bay, Ontario, three hours north of Toronto.

And although it's been used for a lot of hallmark movies, town has a lot of character and it's certainly not overshot.

So you have fresh locations to pillage.

And then the cast too.

I mean, it's not that, you know, not everyone was green.

There's a lot of veteran Canadian actors.

The cast is really, really good.

But they're not faces that you've seen.

Kind of recognizes anyone.

Maybe a couple people.

And I love that.

I think the dead boy's father obviously is- Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, he's a team boss.

Yeah, he's great.

He's in everything.

He's amazing.

Funny enough, I hear that.

Yeah, I didn't recognize him, but I liked him a lot.

And he's great.

And I've heard people people clearly know.

When you're married to an Asian woman, you know a lot about him.

Yeah.

But you know, it's one of my favorite things as a movie goer is kind of witnessing a fresh cast, a bunch of faces I haven't seen before, be really good.

So.

Yeah.

I mean, the cast was great.

And I kept looking up the individual actors going like, wow, they're so good.

What else have they done?

And to a man, they were all Canadian people who mainly have done Canada stuff.

I'm like, wow, they're- they must have acting classes up there in Canada or something.

Something, yeah.

I don't know.

I did that.

It seems exotic, but they must teach acting classes up there.

It's crazy.

I, yeah, I mean, you know, there's a lot of good actors that just myself included.

Just a good part will do wonders for you.

Well, that's- That's why I wanted to say you did this- A well-written part.

You did this for scale, you said.

I didn't, but I did.

Oh, okay.

I didn't say that, but I certainly did.

How much did the budget was your fee?

75%?

Not much.

But it's obviously it's a low budget film.

And you're doing it just for the love of it.

I mean, it's a great part.

I mean, it reminded me of things like The Long Goodbye in a way.

Yeah.

Talk about what is the film about?

I obviously, I've actually had kid detectives on this show before.

No.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

They're bizarre people.

They've been on two or three times, but this is about a former kid detective.

Is that right?

Yeah, this is about a washed up.

He was a famous kid detective in his town.

You're in Cyclopedia, Brown, Nancy Drew, and he got a lot of accolades.

When he was 12, his secretary, who was also his age, went missing and wasn't, was never found.

And he was sort of tasked to find her in a way.

The whole town was banking on it.

Yeah, at least in his own mind and in a way in the towns and certainly the other kids felt like he should.

And he kind of never got over it or really moved on.

And not that he's trying to solve the case, but he just never really dealt with it emotionally or otherwise.

And 20 years later, he's still looking for missing cats and stuff when a high school girl tasks him with finding her boyfriend's killer.

Right.

So it's got a funny sounding premise, but it's not, and it is kind of a comedy.

And there were scenes that I was really laughing during.

All the closet stuff was really making me laugh.

But it also is tonally a little dark as well.

Yeah, I mean, it's a ridiculous high concept, you know, Adam Sandler premise, but it's taken about as seriously as you could ever take that premise.

Right.

While still being very funny, mostly funny.

But it is grounded.

It is grounded.

That's the thing.

And your performance, I think, does a lot for that.

I mean, this is just a minor joke.

But the fact that when you were young and you were given free ice cream for life and you're still getting it as a burnout that the town doesn't respect anymore, but you're still cashing in on that.

And it's so subtle and played for like such subtlety.

It's really.

Yeah, it's pretty much silent.

Just the ice cream owner just.

And the guy just glaring at you as he gives you your free scoop.

Me shamefully taking it.

Yeah.

Some, but you know, the writer Evan is a very, very good friend of mine now and director.

He's got a unique voice all his own.

It's a little stylized, you know.

I can hear pieces of, I can hear pieces of Whitstillman.

I can hear pieces of the Cohen brothers and Wes Anderson.

And that sounds of not, those are some of my favorite filmmakers.

And yet that sounds obnoxious.

Anyone even remotely in that territory.

And yet it's not.

He's wonderful and he's got his own.

He's got his whole own voice and palette.

But what else, what else had he done before this?

And how did he get the script to you?

How did he get to know you?

How does someone pass a script to Adam Brody?

I met him at Toronto.

He was there with a film that he was involved in.

And then again at Sundance, he was there for the same film.

His film won Slam Dance, those down the street.

Anyways, like, you know, a decade ago almost.

But it's called The Dirties.

And he was an editor, producer, somewhat writer, very instrumental.

And his fingerprints are over it.

Maybe more even than his titles would suggest.

But it's another, it's a special film as well and shares a lot of similarities.

It's found footage movie about two kids, high schoolers, who are making a sort of comedy jackassie type movie for their video class.

And it devolves into a school shooting in the last, in the third act.

So what starts as grounded but very funny, ends in a place you just could never have thought with the stakes as real as that suggests.

And it's a similar trick in this one.

Yeah, I mean, it totally keeps bouncing back and forth from just laugh out loud, funny scenes that are still grounded and not crazy like an Adam Sandler film like you said.

But then the actual, what is going on in the town is very dark and very real to all of the participants.

Yeah, and I would just say again, in no way trying to be hardcore, like yeah, a fucking dark, we're cool.

It's elegant, he's wonderful, he's a poet.

And all of it has such a heart and sense of humor, never loses its sense of humor, it's never, none of it is opposed.

Any of the darkness is absurd.

It's not floating with a darkness like movies in the 90s seem to be like in a shocking way, like ha ha ha, isn't it funny that.

Or some deconstruction of a comic book movie where we're blown heads off, you know?

Like it's very, very human and funny and bleak.

Right.

And more people should see it, I mean, it came out.

Oh, sorry, so real fast.

You asked me about the theater question.

Oh yeah.

So anyways, we made this movie as Long Road and then unbeknownst to us, we would have still taken the money anyway we had it, but turns out like it was always gonna kind of go to Sony if they wanted it.

And thank you Sony on one hand, but they're a big company, not Sony Classics, which would have been nice and they would, you know, kind of know exactly what to do with this kind of thing, but big Sony and they bought it.

They make TV still, right?

They make, I think motorcycles maybe?

I don't know everything, everything.

And so anyways, they bought it.

We didn't have much of a say, but we're happy that, you know, big companies buying it and cross our fingers.

And then we talked to the advertising people and marketing people, like, we're not sure what's gonna happen.

This is pandemic, this is, you know, in late summer, early fall, and like, we're not sure what's gonna happen.

We'll let you know as soon as we do.

And then like three weeks later, they're like, okay, we're gonna come out next week on 850 screens.

We're all caught at the trailer.

Here's some poster ideas way in, you know?

And this was on like a Wednesday.

We gave a few notes, finalized it's a Friday.

They put the materials out, you know, just online on Monday for it to be released.

That was very wide release that Friday.

And it was, you know, this bittersweet, it was very weird, cause it's like, all right, we're hugely, you know, major release, but invisible.

And it's a abandoned apocalyptic, you know, theaters and country and surreal.

But it allowed us to at least get reviewed by a lot of places, which was beneficial.

Yeah, I mean, that's a lot of times I know my wife put out her film in a couple of theaters because of guaranteed reviews.

Yeah, so that's one way to do it.

But yeah, I mean, did you ever get to see it with an audience in the theater?

No, no, and it would have been, I mean, you know, we'll join the club on that one, but it would have been wonderful.

I think of, I know it would play so good with an audience.

Yeah, I mean, it's such a amazing movie.

It's such a crowd-pleasing movie.

I think it's fun.

It really, and you never tested it with a live audience or anything like that?

She tweaked, I mean, we're in quarantine the whole time.

So we got to tweak the editing for, you know, eight months of just showing it to different friends, but never, never a large.

Right, yeah.

You know, well, so I would suggest that people either rent this or buy it and gather up everyone in the neighborhood in your own pod and just, you know.

Not feeling, yeah.

Projected onto the side of your house.

And, you know, it's really enjoyable.

It's one of those films that I saw and I was like, oh man, more people need to know about this because it's really interesting, really funny, really cool.

Well, it's been interesting too to kind of try and spread the word.

I mean, normally I, you know, do a little press for a week and then wash my hands and whatever.

And because it, and also you can track it online, you know, with Letterbox.

And you see exactly the social, you know, chatter.

And so I feel like we just tagged it and released it into the wild online and we're just following it.

And, and yeah, a lot of people are still, you know, just hearing of it for the first time.

So it feels worthwhile to keep talking about it.

Yeah, I mean, it is kind of disappointing these days when you put out a film, especially when you put it out on a streamer.

And it seems like all of the talk about the film is done within three days and then no one ever mentions it ever again.

So something like this, you know, it could build with word of mouth and get bigger and bigger and then get smaller and then get bigger again, you know.

We've had a few peaks in Valley so far, you know, where it's like, oh, it's more people are seeing it today than any day and then kind of starts to die off.

And then somebody sends a very influential tweet or review and all of a sudden the traffic is.

Well, let's get that journey.

Yeah, let's get the comedy bang bangs going.

Let's get grinding for you.

You know, let's get all of our listeners out there.

People can, is it, it's on video on demand?

Is that how would I know it's on DVD in blue?

I mean, yeah, who cares?

But it's on, but it's certainly.

You can rent it on Amazon and Apple and all those places.

I can't imagine anyone ordering the hard, you know, the hardware but be my guest.

And I will just say too that despite any relief, whatever, we got to make ultimately, we got to make the movie we wanted to make.

Well, it's low budget.

We would have made it for a lot less.

So we had a healthy budget for what we wanted to do and no notes, you know, we got to make, be left alone.

So we have it for posterity.

It's what we wanted to do and that.

I do have some notes that I dream.

I hope you'll take them.

Maybe do a recut, director's cut with my notes involved?

If the, if the, if the audience is there for it.

Much like the Snyder cut, release the Aucherman notes cut.

Well, it's really great.

The kid detective is out now DVD, Blu-ray, digital.

That it's really great.

I want to direct our listeners to see it.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a businessman.

I mean, you had all these dinners with businessmen.

Is this going to be an uncomfortable flashback to those at all?

Do you think I can bring some of my, my expertise, my experience to the, to the table, no pun intended?

Hopefully we'll get some funding out of this businessman.

We also have my new neighbor will be on the show.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang, more Adam Brody will be right back after this.

Comedy bang bang we're back. Adam Brody is here.

Of course from the OC.

Is there going to be an OC the next generation where you play the Peter Gallagher role, do you think?

Not where I play the Peter Gallagher role, but there might be an OC.

Me meaning the, his, not his literal role.

I know where I, where I'm in it.

Okay.

Where I'm in it as an older man.

No.

But whether they do it again or not.

I don't know.

It seems like a weird one to adapt actually.

Like I almost would have thought they would have, if they could have already, but it seems tough.

Wasn't there, wasn't it announced at one point?

Like they were going to reboot it or something.

Oh, okay.

What about a growing up Brady sequel that covers their recent HGTV show, the very Brady renovation?

Would you, would you be in that?

I'd, oh gosh.

I'm gonna have to pass on that one too.

Oh gosh.

Wait, this is not, I don't, please tell me if you, if I'm, if I'm overstepping my bounds, but, and this is not a knock, but I would like to see you in more things.

Is that, is that?

That's, that's a big overstep, my fresh air.

But I guess what I mean to say is, is, and I don't mean this to say like you're not doing a lot of things, but I want you to be in more things.

You know, like it's all.

I appreciate that very much.

You know, I mean, me too, to a certain extent, on the other hand, I got a nice work-life balance and, and I was gonna say, my questions I wanted to ask you is, how do you balance work and family?

And what is your fitness routine?

And also since I've seen you last, you know, I've been working the whole time at some stuff people see, some stuff clearly they don't, and I'm not even saying that that's a crime, but I feel like I've, I've had a nice thing going, but it's, it's a lovely sentiment that I am.

I mean, I want to, I want to see you in these big, obviously you were in Shazam, the DC Extended Universe, you know, home of the Snyder Cut as well.

Are you in that Snyder Cut?

Not yet, but I think there's still tweak.

Anything can happen.

I mean, you're still shooting the thing as far as I've heard.

Yeah, I mean, me too, to a certain extent, you know, like I said, I don't necessarily, we need to be on the road all year.

What do you do all day?

Well, got some kids.

So two kids is from what I've heard, from what I've read, unless you snuck a few in there that you haven't announced publicly.

No, you've heard correct.

So it's a lot, it's a lot of that, which is wonderful.

I've been surfing a lot.

My wife and I have been surfing a lot together actually.

Whoa, unlike a tandem surfboard that's like connected by a bar or something?

No, no, we separate in the water and then we hold hands going in and out.

That's a great life lesson, I think.

Separate in the water, hold hands going in.

Yeah, yeah.

But, and other than that, try to get those next things going.

You have a, from what I can tell, it looks like you have a lovely home, you're in front of a bookcase with approximately four pictures behind you and books.

Yeah, I put my wedding photo down just so it wouldn't be distracting.

Not distracting, but I don't know.

You don't, in case anyone were to photograph this zoom, you don't want to.

Yeah, I guess so.

I wouldn't worry about that, but I just, when I'm doing the zooms.

Is that a picture of Morrissey behind you?

No, it's a picture of Jack Parsons, who was a, have you heard of Jack Parsons, anyone?

Such a great.

I definitely heard of Jack Parr, if you would stop there.

I would have heard of him.

Such a great, great book called Strange Angel.

They made the show on CBS at All Access, kinda recently, it's okay.

A little bitter.

And I had the, anyways, short, I had the, I tried to get it made a lot, you know, for a long time.

But a great LA history biography.

It's just like a must read.

If you like LA, he was rocket scientist.

He, and Holmick's trained explosives expert who invented rocket fuel by just blowing shit up.

And ultimately himself.

Wow.

In Pasadena, the early days of Caltech.

And then at the same time, got very into, was very into sci-fi and got very into black magic under Alistair Crowley, and became sort of also like, friends slash rivals with a young L Ron Hubbard, and who ended up running off with his wife, and who was really his previous wife's younger sister.

Anyways, a lot of us salacious stuff, but it just, it's just a wonderful LA history.

It's, it crosses so many different, just such a cross section of so many different things happening in LA in the first half of the 20th century.

I've never heard of that sounds incredible.

I can't recommend it enough.

Strange Angel, the book, it's such a quick read, and you'll love it all.

And you have a picture of him next to your wedding picture.

Well, the wedding picture's over there next to my wedding.

There are approximately two feet apart, baby.

You might.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, they're cool, important.

And I got my old dog, and I got photo, nice handsome photo of my grandpa.

Okay, so all of them are personal pictures, except for the one of this guy.

Yeah, I was given it by the author of the book at the time that I optioned the rights.

Not that that holds, like I optioned the rights, and it holds, it's just a nice photo.

Right, I just need some.

What if he had given you a picture of himself?

Would you put it up?

No, unfortunately.

Although it's cool looking guy, George.

Cool guy, but it wouldn't have been placed right next to the wedding photo.

Is this a cool photo?

And he does look like Morrissey, and that's what's- He does.

He's not like the 30s, so it's cool.

Wow, it is cool.

Well, I'm sorry to hear that the rights no longer belong to you, but maybe you can get back.

They made it.

And yeah, I'm too old now.

He died at 37.

You could still play- I could do it.

I could still want to.

Oh, okay.

I'm sensing why I don't see you as much.

Well, he also, so much of his life was in his 20, you know, the cinematic element of his life was also in his early 20s and 20s.

So we need like a young Adam Brody type here.

Who would you say is it?

Maybe I could play the older.

Who's the next?

Yeah, who's the next Adam Brody?

If you, it was the next generation back then.

I get a lot of it.

I get a lot on Twitter.

It's a constant comparison to Dylan O'Brien, so maybe him.

Dylan O'Brien?

What's Dylan O'Brien from?

He's in it.

I saw his movie, we've got a movie, people like called Love and Monsters right now, but I believe like myself, he was, Teen Wolf was his jumping off point.

Oh, okay.

And yeah, I don't know.

I'm not familiar with the whole filmography, but people like- But you are, you are in Shazam, you're the older- Jack Dylan Grazer.

Jack Dylan Grazer, who was on the comedy Bang Bang television show, Playing My Son.

Oh, really?

One of his first roles.

Wow.

I always appreciate seeing my sons go out into the world and get good parts, so.

Speaking of aging, we're gonna do the sequel to that soon, and you know, those kids are getting pretty old and we're getting even older, and so at certain point, they're not gonna wanna turn into us anymore.

Right, at a certain point, you guys are just gonna kinda look at each other and be like, oh yeah, we're about even at this point.

And then yeah, suddenly you're older.

This is a good idea though, a reverse Shazam about an older guy who turns into a younger guy.

Oh boy, yeah.

Yeah, okay, you and I, we're gonna do this.

I love it.

Do you think the Shazam people will be mad that you're doing this as a separate side project?

No, no, they're very supportive.

They're very supportive of me.

Okay, it's like a family over there.

It's a family.

It's a big DC family, it's.

Well, speaking of family, we need to extend our family and have another first time guest on the show.

He is a businessman, and I don't know quite what his business is, but we're gonna be speaking to him for the first time.

Please welcome to the show, Gary Candles.

Hi, Scott, how are you today?

I'm great.

It's great to be on the show.

Great to meet you.

This is Adam.

Thank you, hi Adam.

Hey Gary.

Well, hi, and it's great to see you guys.

I am a businessman.

Yeah, that's what I said.

Yeah.

And I heard you.

I own my own driver's education company, Gary Candles, drivers, education.

And I like to teach people to drive.

It's simple and it's easy, but it's something everybody deserves and everybody likes to do.

What's your favorite thing to do?

A favorite thing of all things to do?

Drive everything I've ever done?

Probably driving.

I don't even know if driving would hit the top 10.

I don't know.

Top 20.

You know, if I'm driving alone and I get to listen to some podcasts and make some calls, it's pretty lovely.

It's pretty fun too.

Wouldn't that be horrible if you didn't know, if you picture a world where you didn't know how to do that and picture a world where you knew how to drive, but it was the wrong way or you drew not just the wrong direction, but you were driving the wrong way.

You need somebody and to freshen up your driving skills, possibly learning for the first time as long as you're 14 years old and you have a driver's permit.

Adam, if you could, instead of driving, if you could surf everywhere, like in LA, they just opened up, you know, like canals with fake waves everywhere and you could just like surf to the Sony lot.

Would you do that instead?

Yeah.

Yeah, I think I would know disrespect to Gary, but no disrespect taken, but I think if we're all honest with ourselves, that's not going to happen.

No, no, we're going to need those cars.

We're going to need somebody to teach us how to drive as long as you're 14 years old with a driver's permit or younger.

I think it's interesting that you're suggesting sort of going in, you're never too old to kind of brush up on your skills too.

It's not just beginners.

It's not just for beginners.

Do you get a lot of people who already have their licenses who come in and just say like, yeah, I'd like to learn how to drive better?

Absolutely.

In fact, I would say the majority of my clientele are people who already either have their license and are looking to brush up or they are people that have never driven before and are not even familiar with the concept of driving and they need somebody like me to help them.

So it's evenly split between people who already have their licenses and people who don't even know the concept of driving?

No, I would say the majority, the majority, which is not evenly split, Scott.

51%?

Yeah, it's 51% or more.

Have never even heard of the concept of driving.

You've always never heard of the con.

Who are these?

You'd be shocked to be out there.

Or my father always used to say the world's a crazy place, full of crazy people.

And I've met a lot of them.

And I'll tell you this.

You're probably thinking there's a lot of driving schools out there.

There's a lot of driving edge of caution that people can take advantage of.

But mine's different.

I put you in real scenarios.

I put you in, I put you in the car on day one, whether or not you know how to drive or have ever seen a car.

And we're going to figure things out.

Okay, so that's different.

I do believe when I took, Adam, I don't know when you took a driver's education.

I believe I took mine in high school when I was 15 years old or so.

14 years older with a driver's permit, more older or younger.

And you can sign up for my class.

Well, any person, any person, any, I've taught animals.

I've taught for movie sets.

I've taught animals how to drive.

I'm sure you've seen animals driving in, in movies.

Tunes is the family cat.

He was a famous animal that drove.

I remember him.

I think that was before I came up.

I think that was before my time.

And also it was fake.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, I know it was okay.

Some are fake.

Who are the real animals that are driving?

I don't know.

I mean, did Garfield drive a, babe drove?

Babe drove.

They cut it.

They cut it from the movie.

Oh.

He had a very long driving scene.

It was from Babe Pig in the City.

He had to get to the city.

I think they're okay.

They replaced it with him being driven there.

But originally in the script, it was, he drives for it.

It's kind of, it's kind of bougie of Babe to be driven into the city.

I think it didn't fit the tone.

Eventually they figured out it just didn't fit the tone of the film.

Right.

Is it, is it difficult to teach animals to drive?

I don't know where I would even be very hard.

It's very hard.

And sometimes I don't know where to begin.

And I would say when you're teaching an animal to drive, about 95% of whether or not they can learn or complete the driving task at the end is pure luck.

Luck.

Yeah.

So most of the time an animal will not learn to drive and it will be catastrophic in how it ends up.

I, most of the time, every once in a while though, it does, it does.

Is that another 51% of the time?

We have the majority of the time.

The majority, 50, 50, just over 50 to 51 plus.

But yeah, I, but, but what I do is I try to lean towards teaching humans who are interested, regardless of their age, and I put them in real driving scenarios.

What are these real drive, you keep mentioning real driving scenarios.

Is that just driving a car?

I mean, I can't imagine a more real driving scenario.

Well, for example, the same car.

Say you came and this, this is interesting.

Say you came to me and you.

By the way, don't just say something is interesting.

Let us be the judge.

Okay.

No, well, I'm a self aware person.

I like to judge myself as well.

I thought that was interesting, what I'd say.

And you're welcome to, you can judge it on your own.

But say you want to learn how to drive and you call me and you call or email me.

How do you prefer to be contacted?

Email.

You were responding.

Email is better than calls and texts.

Terribly uncomfortable with phone calls.

I'm not good.

Do you have crippling social anxiety?

Yeah, it's beyond crippling.

It's the majority of my anxiety comes from.

How are you even on this show right now talking to us?

I mean, Adam is a big movie star and I'm podcast famous.

I have my eyes closed.

I'm not listening at all.

Mm-hmm.

I'm pretending.

I'm pretending I'm talking to myself.

That's a trick that my therapist taught me.

Pretend you're talking to yourself when you're having a conversation with somebody and it doesn't always work out.

You're getting rid of our Zoom boxes and you're just looking at yours.

That's correct.

And I'm going off instinct when I respond.

I don't know if any of this is fitting into the conversation.

Wait, so you're not even listening to us?

Guessing.

I'm hungry too.

Now say you want to learn to drive.

Well, what I'd say is like, well, what do you have scheduled this week?

And how can we fit it in with my schedule?

So I might say I have a dinner on Friday night.

I'm going to schedule you to drive me to dinner and you will wait outside the dinner until I'm done with the dinner and drive me home.

And on the way by doing that, you're putting yourself not just in this situation where you feel pressured to learn how to drive.

You're actually taking me some where I need to go.

So it's a win-win.

You can do whatever you want while you wait as long as you stay there.

You can listen to music.

And then...

Is that...

It sounded like you were going to start a list.

Listen to music.

Your voice went up.

Listen to music.

And then you just moved on.

I prefer you just listen to music.

And that was my way of nicely saying it.

And I didn't want it to be...

Like their own music that they bring or music that you have provided for them.

I prefer it's the music I provide.

What is it?

The music that you like.

It's Christopher Cross's sailing.

And it's constant.

Constant.

And honestly, only the bridge.

So it just picks up mid-song, does the bridge.

And then like...

And loops.

Loops on the bridge.

It's calming.

And I found that most of my...

The majority of my clientele, it calms them.

Well, they're waiting.

I don't know if that would be calming to me.

I'm going to be...

That might feel...

Yeah, it might be tense.

I know.

It feels that way.

But it actually eventually...

Some of my dinners go on for a long...

Why?

Who are you going to dinner with?

I can go to dinner almost always by myself.

Why?

And why are they taking so long?

Usually when you go to dinner by yourself, it's like expedient and you like sort of fly through it because you don't have to wait for everyone else.

Well, Gary candles like cicitta at a table and camp out.

I like to camp out.

That's the other thing.

Restaurants don't like that.

Because you're taking up a two-top presume unless you're getting a whole booth to yourself.

You're not wrong.

Which is even worse.

You're not wrong.

They made it.

And that's a quarter of a check that they normally would get tipped on.

Oh, and I don't tip.

And legally, they can't kick you out.

When I learned that, I thought that would be...

That's fun.

That they legally can't kick you out.

Once you sit down and you make any purchase, you can stay there.

They can legally kick you out.

Not legally.

Any business can legally kick anyone out.

Well, not...

No, I get squatters rights.

What's...

Oh, okay.

Once I sit down.

Do you handcuff yourself to the table as well?

No.

I tie myself to the table.

But I don't...

I honestly...

Things have been...

I haven't profited a ton of money through my business yet.

And do you know real handcuffs are not very expensive?

And I found that just a small book on a boy scout knot, I can tie a few knots that will be just as effective as a pair of handcuffs.

Where'd you find this book?

I am too.

I'm very hungry.

Okay.

So so far, Adam, I think we've just lucked into getting a lot of the answers to our questions.

I don't even know if he knows he's answering these questions.

Well, there's other scenarios as well.

I mean, I could have to go to the airport.

I could have to go to the grocery store.

The airport, are they allowed to leave after you get out of the car?

Or do you have to wait for the return trip?

They're allowed to do anything they want as long as they stay there and listen to music.

Okay, again, you ended very abruptly with that list.

It's a proverb, but if it is a different song at the airport, then if I go to the airport, they're allowed to listen to more than just the bridge.

They can listen to the first verse and the bridge.

But I do take, I do take ridiculously long trips.

Where are you going on your trips?

Oh, I don't go, I don't fly out.

I just go to the airport, but I stay.

Have you seen the Tom Hanks movie?

We might be talking about the, what does it call the departure?

The terminal.

Terminal, that's it.

Yeah, I thought that was going to be about a cancer patient when I saw it.

No, or we don't know, maybe it was.

Maybe he was, yeah.

Maybe he immediately died right with that filament.

We don't know.

We don't know, but that's why I did learn that you can get double.

You have squatters rights in an airport as well, and you can stay there as long as you want.

Do you hear about that guy who'd recently was at the airport during the pandemic, just because he didn't want to go home, because he thought that would be unsafe?

It's worse at an airport, I would think.

I, this is crazy.

That was, that was.

Well, so that was you.

That was me.

Gary Candles.

Well, that's my name.

Wear it out.

But yeah, absolutely.

It was me, and I had a ball.

I had a ball.

So your business isn't doing well.

Got it.

Well, it's not making, it's not profiting.

I wouldn't say it's not doing well.

I would say that's synonymous with not doing well.

Sure.

People get into businesses to profit normally.

Well, I feel my inkwell is pretty full, if you know what I mean.

I don't know what I mean.

I mean that my, my, my spiritual bundle is, is stuffed.

I still, again, you're going to have to be more specific, because I don't know what you mean.

You, you're happy, is that what you're saying?

Yeah, my, my, my soul is full.

And that, because I don't like to equate monetary success, or career success, or the growth of any individual life, life.

I don't equate that with my.

Are you still talking to us, or are you answering an imagined question that you?

It's a funny thing when people try to figure out what's going to make them happy in life.

And I'll tell you the truth for me is that I, I always, I just take, I think of life as a bunch of scratch tickets.

Every day is a scratch ticket, and they're all, you have a chance to win either a dollar.

Again, again, you just, you've only made like a dollar a day.

I have, I have not made a dollar a day.

I, I, the last time I, you get the losing tickets a lot of time.

I do.

I feel like I've scratched, but you know, they say the more you scratch, you're going to hit one of the big ones.

So I, I feel like I could at any moment get the big scratcher.

I mean, that is a way to look at life.

It's just like every single day you wake up, you get a scratch ticket.

And then one of those days you'd scratch off, you know, three skull and crossbones, and you just keel over dead.

That's right.

That, well, I mean, that was, I mean, or you could get three little angels with a bows that, and the bows you can see are being shot towards another little angel, hitting him square in the face.

This is like a cartoon strip, like a three panel cartoon?

Yeah, what kind of scratch tickets do you use?

Mine are, you open them up and you read all the, the, the, a little cartoon that tells a story.

We are there.

When you open it up are there headlines as well about news stories?

Mm hmm.

And you can learn all about this.

This is a newspaper.

You're not, you're not winning it.

This is not the lottery.

This is a newspaper.

That is new.

That's new to me.

And that might explain why I haven't been able to.

Every day it's new to you.

Yeah.

Every, it's news and I scratch off the, uh, but.

What are you scratching?

Well, it looks like ink on the paper and you.

It is.

Yeah.

If you scratch off certain words, you can recreate sentences and make it into the news you want.

So you're cutting out headlines from the newspaper and, and turning them into other things.

Are you sending these missives to anyone?

And did you ever live in San Francisco in the 1970s?

I actually did live in San Francisco in the 1970s and I had a horrible time.

Mm hmm.

That's your zodiac sign.

Okay.

I mean, it may be a sound like an unrelated question, but.

I don't, I don't, I don't want to talk about, I don't want to talk too much about that.

Cause honestly, and I know we're all joking around, but the 70s for me were horrible, horrible, horrible time.

I was moody.

I was so moody and I would, I would get so mad sometimes.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, we can, we, oh, let's set that aside.

Yeah.

Cause here's what I want to do.

I want to, I want to offer, I want to use your platform.

How can we help you?

Obviously we're giving Adam the CBB bump here with the kid detective.

And he's going to be tracking his movie the day after this episode drops and he's going to see just a giant peak in the algorithm here.

And I love it.

How can we help you similarly?

Well, I think Adam right now could commit to using me to help people drive on his next film.

I think that would be something that he could do immediately.

Cause I like to think of things that you can do immediately.

And if you commit verbally or on any other way to me, then we can, we can set that up.

Yeah.

Adam, what's your next film?

Is it a driving film?

Is it like, well, it's past and furious?

It's sort of, it's Shazam too, but I imagine there'll be lots of driving in it.

I mean, those, those guys, those superheroes normally they fly, but I can only imagine that it's tiring.

Well, there's a hole they live in the city.

Right.

So there's in the background, you see probably hundreds of cars, hundreds of cars.

And sometimes they figure very prominently, the last one had a bus hanging off of the overpass.

So see, somebody probably had to learn how to drive to drive that bus to just get it just right to hang off the overpass.

Adam, do you think that there's maybe a role for Gary candles in the new?

Oh, I'd freeze up.

I would freeze up.

I, you don't want me in front of a camera.

I'd freeze up.

I can feel myself freezing up right now.

I mean, and P just a little.

Well, here's an idea.

Here's an idea.

Maybe this is kind of a way to, if you weren't, if you were not just the driving instructor, but the driver.

I mean, it sounds to me like you're not that great of a teacher.

Well, I mean, that's very nice of you to say, but I, I don't think he's hearing me.

Yeah.

He's not listening to you.

Because a lot of people will say I'm not great at teaching.

I mean, he came close.

I do.

To be honest, it was the same subject matter.

He just took the opposite meaning of what I said.

I enjoy a compliment just as much as the next guy.

Well, let's let, I would like to help your business.

How can people get a hold of you?

I mean, you said you, you, you mainly like to do it through email.

I, the majority, if not all, is done through my email.

Underscore, Gary underscore.

You start your email with an underscore.

Just so nobody steals it.

Okay.

All right.

Underscore, Gary underscore candles.

Underscore, drive yourself crazy.

Underscore, 1984.

Underscore, driving school at Toyota.org.

Toyota.org.

Wait, how did you get a Toyota.org email address?

They don't check.

So I took it.

They don't check.

It's an easy way to get a free email.

Wow.

Okay.

Well, people, I don't know that we can necessarily repeat that email address, but hopefully people can do the- Underscore, Gary, underscore candles.

I guess you're just doing it.

Okay.

Driver.

Self-crazy underscore, 1984.

Underscore, driving school at Toyota.org.

Why 1984, by the way?

Was that an important year for you?

I was just when I came out of my slump in San Francisco.

And I swear I saw the light and I was like, we're changing it.

I'm changing my ways.

So you want to be- If you want to be taught driving from someone who hung out in San Francisco, sending anonymous letters and had a real bad time- Scratch tickets, by the way.

Scratch tickets who may have lured people into his vehicle back in the 70s.

I definitely- So he's got a lot of experience behind the wheels, what I'm trying to say.

I had a different philosophy on teaching back then.

All right.

Gary candles, we need to take a break.

When we come back, my neighbor is going to be on the podcast.

I almost said it on the phone because we're talking about the phone, but that would be interesting.

When we come back, we're going to be right back with more Adam Brody, more Gary candles.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang.

Bang, bang. After this.

Comedy bang, bang, we're back.

We have Adam Brody.

The kid detective is out right now available on Blu-ray DVD and digital.

Running approximately 109 minutes.

Is that correct?

Yeah, down to the minute.

I got it, really.

So now if people look, if you only have 105, there's probably four minutes of credits that you can skip through if you had to.

Yeah.

If you've got 105, I still say do it and you'll find where to cut.

Yeah.

If you had to go to the restroom in the middle of it, would you say pause because you don't want to miss anything?

Or is there a good scene to do it in?

Oh my god.

If you have one of those pause buttons, I would say hit it.

But if you don't.

Not a lot of people do.

I mean, we don't want to be these like Hollywood celebrity types.

You were like, oh, I have a pause button.

Yeah, I wouldn't want to assume.

So I guess if you don't have a pause button, try your best not to go.

And if you have to go.

Maybe just a portable bidet situation where you have just a pot next to your couch or something like that.

So you don't miss anything.

Yeah, I wouldn't call that besides a bidet.

It's a chamber pot.

Yeah.

You grab a chamber pot or?

Grab yourself a chamber pot.

We call it a thunder jug.

Have you used the thunder jug?

Thunder jug.

I have a thunder jug in all my cars.

In your cars.

In my cars, I use the thunder jug.

Do you empty them?

Gary candles, by the way, is here.

Driver and structure.

I was going to say to the stars, but babe is the only one that you mentioned who is a star.

Well, the thunder jug, it's interesting to me, but that word thunder sticking to me makes me think of more of a number two situation.

Oh, where you guys are just talking about number once.

Oh, wait, you're doing number twos in your car?

Well, it's called the thunder jug.

What? You called it that.

It doesn't have to be a thunder jug.

I think we've I thought somebody else said it before I did.

All right.

Well, look, we need to get to our next guest.

This is exciting because I haven't really met anyone in my new neighborhood.

And I invited my neighbor Tina onto the show and I want to welcome her.

Please welcome to the show Tina.

Hi.

Great to be you.

Hello.

Hey, hi.

I mean, I'm glad to be here.

It's nice.

Oh, good.

Well, I'm happy to have you.

This is Adam Brody.

Is this your first time meeting?

Yeah.

Yeah, it actually, I mean, I actually asked to be on the show because, I mean, as you might know, I'm next door and I'm.

You're my next door neighbor.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, right next door.

Tina.

And I asked to be on the show because I'm like a really like super not a confrontational person, but I just feel like there's not a couple.

That's going to work out great.

Awesome.

Great.

It's so nice to meet you.

It's so nice to have you on the show.

Oh, I mean, it's I like, I'm really happy to be here.

I just kind of thought we could take this opportunity to discuss like just some neighbor, I don't know, like etiquette kind of stuff.

When you mean etiquette, what do you mean?

Like like napkins at the dinner table.

Like do they go in your lap or I've never, you know, or you just keep it.

They do go in your lap.

Okay.

Do you wipe your hands on the tablecloth or you know what I mean?

Is that no?

Okay.

All right.

Yeah.

No, I guess I'll just cut to the chase.

I mean, I, I'm sure you're aware of like the noise level kind of coming from your home.

I mean, I am in the middle of my home and I, so I'm aware of what goes on in my home.

Is that what you're asking me or?

Well, I think, you know, it occurs to me.

I guess this is a lot of what you're doing.

Like I'm like, so like I'm in my house all the time working from home on zoom all day.

And I just, I'm like hearing a lot of you just sort of talking, kind of laughing, kind of saying like odd little things and it's.

Are you talking?

Oh, maybe it's the catchphrase submissions, the odd things that I have to say at the beginning, we had a really funny one.

You weren't here for it, but let me, let me repeat it.

It was a nickname's expert said every tool is a hammer if you put parachute pants on it.

Yeah.

And I heard that.

Oh, you did hear that.

Oh, okay.

Great.

That's funny.

That's the kind of thing that we do on this show.

It's like little non sequiturs, little, it's kind of irreverent, but it's sort of, you know, abstract as well.

It's kind of random if I don't mind saying.

And so it's like, you know, I mean, that's kind of the vibe of this show.

You know, Adam gets it.

He was on the show eight years ago.

Uh huh.

I just seen it all.

I'm sorry.

So what is, what is this?

Oh, it's a podcast.

Podcasts are like radio, but for millennials and, you know, and that's kind of my shows for millennials and younger, you know, it's like hip.

Like, wait, wait, don't tell me or what?

No, that's, I think for an older audience, you get it.

You get it.

I mean, I'm, again, I'll be like fully honest.

I don't, but whatever kind of like, like your hobbies or your hobbies, that's great.

I mean, I have, I've really watched.

I'll be like, it's kind of my profession in a way.

I mean, I'm, I, I do it professionally, technically.

I tell you what, sometimes it doesn't seem like a job because it's so fun.

And then other times it really seems like a job.

If you know what I mean.

That's so nice.

Cause I was honestly feeling really bad.

I was like, this man has no job.

Cause I'm, you know, there's that one window by your kitchen.

You're always like walking back and forth.

You're like carrying a bowl.

I'm like, this is just a man who's like eating an oatmeal all day.

So I'm like glad that this feels like a job.

It's, it's an, it's an oversized bowl.

It's mainly it's, I call it fun salad.

And it's just whatever leftovers I have that day.

You know, I just throw it in.

Sometimes it's like, you know, hey, it's fried chicken and beans.

And, you know, other times it's, I mean, not often is it caviar and, you know, champagne, but whatever is left in the fridge, I just throw it in there.

Like a thunder jock.

No, like, no, I want to be clear.

Not like a thunder jock.

Just like a thunder jock.

Yeah.

Again, like I just, I am like, you're allowed to eat whatever trash out of a bowl you want.

But I also like your spoon on that bowl is like loud as a ringing bell.

And like I have a very like hard work schedule.

Like I'm pretty much like, I work from like a levity and a 2 p.m.

Oh, that doesn't, I mean, that's that.

I mean, it doesn't seem like a hard schedule.

What do you actually do for a living if you don't mind my asking?

Well, I do mind you asking.

Can I apologize?

Actually, no, because I don't believe in apologies.

I believe in knowing better before you do the thing.

I see.

I'm a graphic designer.

I do graphic design for KFC.

I would say Kentucky fried chicken, but it's now just called KFC.

It's actually.

Oh, so you do?

KFC fried chicken.

Graphic design, do you do the buckets or advertisements?

What do you?

Yeah, I do.

I do the advertisement.

So the buckets are a part of what I do.

Like a lot of times I'm most of the time using Photoshop.

You're probably not familiar because it seems like you just talk.

I can't say I use it all the time, but I definitely know what it is.

It's like where you take a picture and you do something to it, right?

The way you chilled off made me think you're lying.

I mean, I don't know exactly what it is, but I mean, I don't have to, right?

I mean, guys like Adam and me, we're very similar, Adam.

We don't need to use Photoshop.

You know what I mean?

Other people use Photoshop for us.

More talking, let's play.

Adam, do you also not have a job?

Not really, no, no.

No, but I do a lot of thinking and you know.

It's like the work you put in before the job.

You do a lot of thinking and- I've got to fill up the tank, the cup, you know, and then before I- You're going to say like a thunder jug again, aren't you?

I was just thinking it's coming.

If you throw it up in the air, Daddy's got to take a swing.

You're not talking about the thunder jug there, are you?

Nah, I'm raising it as a pinata, are you?

I'm as hungry as anyone, guys, and I'd love to do that.

Okay.

So are you the person who sort of like when Norm McDonald became the Colonel Sanders, did you design that?

My job, it's a big company.

My job is I- If an advertisement calls for a bucket of chicken, I individually fill the bucket with digital chicken.

Digit chicken.

Yes.

Is it a digital bucket or it's a real bucket that you fill with digital chicken?

Is that an earnest question?

As earnest as the importance of by Mr. Who wrote that?

Oh, no.

Who wrote it?

Oh, Henry?

No.

Another one of those arrived.

Oscar Wilde, thank you.

I knew it was an O-name.

Yeah, I don't really.

I don't know.

I'm not going to- You're getting the vibe of this show, right?

We kind of goof around and we, you know, I mean, it's like, we're entertaining.

You know, it's mainly an entertainment podcast.

You know, where people are like, aha, I'm really enjoying myself.

Okay.

Well, you know, again, like, I don't want to take up too much of your time, but like- You're my guest here.

So take up.

I mean, this is your segment.

Please get whatever you want to get off your chest.

Can we say get off your chest in this environment these days?

I'm not quite sure.

Off your brain?

Is that it?

I'm mainly interested in your brain, not your chest.

Is that- Oh.

That's okay to say, right?

Say go off, queen.

Yeah, go off, queen.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Adam understands.

Thank you.

Um, I'm just- I just have like a couple other things that I wouldn't- Okay.

That like, just again, feel like regular neighbor things.

Like if you could just, like okay, you know your car?

Yeah.

The one I drive?

Yeah, like the one in the driveway.

It's like outside, sometimes, you know, you park it or whatever.

I- It just like feels like- It would be much better for me if you like put it like a sheet or a tarp over it.

So I don't have to like see it.

What's so offensive about my car?

I mean, I'm a big fan of movie memorabilia, you know?

Yeah, it's just, there's like too many stickers on it.

There's too many- There's like that big- For stickers, those are the Ghostbusters logo.

I mean, it's Ecto 2.

You realize how valuable that is?

No, I like don't know what that is and that- That man- It's a ghost- It's a ghost holding up two fingers to say like this is the sequel, which I always was like, when you're watching Ghostbusters 2, how do they know it's the sequel?

Why is the logo holding up two fingers?

Yeah, I don't really watch movies.

Like again, like Adam, I know you, it seemed like- You said you're some kind of entertainer, like you're in movies, I'm not that.

Just want to throw this out there really quick.

But would you consider at KFC doing a thunder bucket?

A bucket designed for someone to- Well, you have the chicken originally in it.

But a lot of people, I would say the majority of people are eating a bucket of chicken in their car.

So wouldn't it be- It's like why not eliminate the middleman?

You got the bucket for the chicken and then you put the bucket on the other way out.

It's greener that way.

Yeah.

So, okay, well, just like walk me through this though.

Like so you think we should have an advertisement demonstrating somebody defecating into an empty bucket of chicken?

It could just be a picture of somebody like me like sitting by themselves in a- old, uh, unworkable station wagon.

Sure.

Or like, you know, somebody walking around his kitchen just like clanging a spoon against his bull endlessly.

I'm sorry.

I- Yes, I have metallic bowls and metallic spoons.

I didn't realize that, you know, bumping them up.

I- I apologize.

I didn't- I didn't realize that was going to make so much noise.

And I'm a- I'm a heavy slurper.

So that, you know, doesn't help things.

I- No, I- I only have- I have the tapes.

I- I have- And I have narcolepsy and so I'm in and out of snoring while it's happening.

I think maybe working in the paper bucket industry too might be- Yes.

You might have a little, I don't know, prejudice against the ceramic stuff.

Um, um- Yeah, plast- You know, your plastic spoons that are being given it, you know, come on.

I mean, some of us can afford one metallic bucket and one metallic spoon.

Okay.

And you know, fair enough.

I don't really like- Respect that or relate to it, but like we can move- So actually you can't buy just a bucket.

And we're- It's- there's actually a very specific code because like for a while we- If someone goes in and orders just a bucket, there's a code that gets put over the- I guess a code read there.

Or read?

That's the worst code.

Yeah, they're- they're subtly escorted out of the store.

How subtle?

Well, we wait- We ask them to wait five minutes for their order to come up and then we call security.

Um, and security sort of gently puts their arm around.

This person's waist and kind of- Around the weight, that's very intimate.

Well, it's gentle.

It is subtle though.

I do agree, but it's very intimate.

You should- maybe you should have characterized it as intimate.

Okay.

Fair enough.

All right.

If you want to correct my language.

Um, but yeah, it's just- It's some- There was a point which we were making.

The buckets looked too good.

And basically just everyone was coming in for just buckets and we couldn't move any chicken.

Right.

Did you have to do something with the buckets to make them look less good or- Yeah.

What did you- That was actually my job.

That was bad.

Yeah.

I um, I just had to photoshop stains on them.

Boy, grease stains?

Yeah.

Grease stains.

I did one that was a dirt stain.

That was hard because- You think it's easy to like photoshop dirt onto something, but like- It's just like a few brown specks I would imagine.

Exactly.

And like that- Well, but that could be anything.

You know, like I'd always- That could be the truth under bucket.

Well, yes.

Again, I um, you seem very committed to this idea of advocating in a bucket.

You know, I, you know, if I were walking through the Irish countryside and I were to see a big pot of gold, would I say, hey, that's not my gold.

I'm going to turn my nose up at it.

And I'm just going to continue on because I didn't take that trip looking for gold.

I actually took the trip to get some exercise or to go see a friend.

I didn't go there looking for gold.

Well, I know you're not doing that.

Because again, I basically never see you walk around.

I'm all over the place.

Okay, but this is metaphor.

Yeah, I'm sort of a homebody, but what I'm trying to say is- You can take a walk around the block.

I just, that's all I'm saying.

You're passing up this gold that Adam and to a lesser extent, Gary and I, is really, you know, giving you here.

This is a multi-million dollar idea for your company.

You could get a promotion.

To Thunder Pot.

A Thunder Pot of gold.

That's what a Leprechaun's pot is.

It's a Thunder Pot of gold because they shit gold according to you.

Moving on from the Thunder Bucket branding because I really, I thought that was a little- That's got a ring to it.

That's the, yeah.

Yeah, Thunder Pot is weaker.

So, you know, don't gild the lily here, you know.

Well, I'm, I actually- I take your gold chit in point though.

That's good.

Yeah, that's a good point.

Yeah.

I mean, I would kind of turn that question around on Gary even and say like, it sounds like you're operating a failing business.

Is that correct?

Mm-hmm.

Well, why don't you advertise your Thunder Bucket if you believe them to be such good business?

Oh, this is a great idea because, okay, have you ever- and I'm speaking to you right now, Adam, have you ever been out there on the town?

You're going out to Nobu- Sure, with you so far?

Sure, okay.

Yeah, you get it.

Like I'm relating to you on your level, Spago, Nobu.

And you're out there and you're like, oh no, I need to take a massive dumpster.

Yeah.

What if you were like Uber for bathrooms, Gary, where you drove your Thunder Bucket to the people from an app and they get inside your barely working station wagon, they do their business and then they leave and they don't have to worry about like, oh no, you know, what kind of business did I do in there?

Is the next person who's coming into the stall going to be like, look at what I just did and say, oh my God, I shared a stall with Adam Brody after he went to Nobu and he just made a whole mess of everything, you know, it's like privacy. I know- I'm listening. I'm listening. I really- I don't know if he's listening, I used to be honest.

I- I like the first part. I take your point of driving the bucket around, but- and this is going to exclude the guests. So I apologize, but I think you hit on something here, which is a sort of, you know, gig economy sharing app for borrowing people's toilets.

You're driving through neighborhood and you have to shit.

You can put your toilet for sale for around the same way they do it for pools now and stuff.

So you can just come in and take a dump in your house and leave and you get 10 bucks or whatever.

You get privacy, you get- there's like some sort of NDA that- You rate it?

They sign- It's like it'll be everything would be rated for cleanliness and what have you.

Anyway- Sure.

I don't want to get distracted, but- but I do think there- This is an even better idea. You know what? Forget KFC, forget Gary. I think you and I just need to go in on this.

In the business, yeah.

Have you ever- have you ever created NAP?

No, this would be my first app.

I think I'm really- I- That's- I believe in you though. I think you can do it.

This seems good because the two of you, again, like seem like you need something to do with your endless time. So I- I- I'm gonna be honest. Yeah.

Adam and I, we have a lot of time on our hands, it seems.

Well, I would just, again, like request that as you are talking to Adam about this in the future, like is there a place in your home where you could maybe like speak more quietly? Is there like a closet where you could put a comforter onto yourself?

Or could you just like have your conversations between the hours of like 11 and 2 and then like be silent the rest of the time?

Well, look, you know this building better than anyone, you know, these are- these are studio apartments.

Yes.

The walls are as thin as paper.

There's nowhere else I can go. I mean, what do you want me to go into the bathroom?

Well, I wish the bathroom provided some kind of sound insulation, but unfortunately it doesn't.

And I mean like- And I'm sorry that the wall of my bathroom, you know, is- joins your bedroom. I'm sorry.

Yeah. I mean, I- and it's fine. It like does it bother me?

I'm just asking if you could like refrain from using the bathroom when I am sleeping, which is- Those are like prime hours!

P.M. until anywhere from four to the next morning.

Look, I can't predict it when it's going to happen, but when it does, it comes out in just a flurry.

And I'm sorry that I feel the need to comment on it when it comes out, but it's surprising every single time.

Well, and what's like- I would be better able to tune it out if you said like the same thing every time, but you say a different thing every time.

I gotta keep it fresh.

I mean, it's like even if you could just like be a little less high-pitched, like even if it's just like a little less operatic.

Well, tell you what, why don't we put a hole in the wall that connects my bathroom to your bedroom, and that way you can stick your arm through if ever I'm making too much noise, or I could peak through if you're ever, you know, making any kind of noise, or you have a visitor over and, you know- No offense.

Scott, but that sounds really perverted.

You sticking your hand through my wall?

I'm okay with it.

Well, am I sticking my hand through your wall and you peeking into it? I don't know that I would peek.

I would just kind of look.

I think you just say peek.

You know, I'm thinking implies I'm trying to be secretive about it.

Well, and it's kind of more upsetting because instead of a people, I would see like the top like chunk of your face.

Yeah, approximately like 51% of my face.

The majority of my face.

That sounds- it sounds upsetting.

It sounds- Okay, I won't talk about it.

I imagine looking at your rather mall and just seeing like eyes, nose, and a top lip.

Okay, well, we can talk about it.

I'm just- I'm imagining like a porthole, you know what I mean?

Like you ever go on a Disney cruise, you know what I mean?

And- No, I hate the water.

We can talk about the whole porthole situation.

I think every room, you know, I know it's just- we have studios, but I would put one in the bathroom, put one in the kitchen that, you know, is adjacent to your bathroom, my kitchen, your bathroom.

Just a couple of portholes.

We can talk about this.

We'll just- it would open up communication between us, and I think it would be a great idea for us to do.

I would prefer not to do that and then to only communicate with you via Zoom.

Okay, well, we can find a middle ground in there somewhere, maybe one porthole instead of two, and no zooms.

That'll probably be what we do.

But we are unfortunately running out of time here, and we only have time for one final feature on the show, and that is a little something called plugs.

I am sitting all alone in the night in the backyard.

Dog comes out, takes a squat, then goes back inside.

The cloud blanket is giving the sky a spanking, and the bright city lights cast a glow upon the whole thing.

The streets is tough and it's enough to live a life worth living.

When you're giving all your guy, you gotta stop your body.

I'm always gonna try to have a backyard, and if I have a backyard, I'm gonna see it in it real hard.

A geese flock squawking draws my eyes to clocking.

They're very handsome, below enough that I can see, even make out some feet as a rise to go pee, and then I think I hear your bicycle approaching on the street.

And I call out each street in the backyard.

Ooh, that was nice.

That was, I'm in the backyard by Bebrave Bold Robot.

Adam, you're a musician. What did you think of that?

I'm not, but I like to dabble.

And that was good. That was good.

Nice. That was good.

That was good. That's the book.

Whoa.

Felt like there was more than just a bridge.

They had, seemed like they had a chorus kind of a verse.

Yeah.

More than just a sail away bridge.

A whole chorus for a song, really.

Hmm.

Yeah, I liked it.

Thanks to Bebrave Bold Robot.

And finally, we're moving away from songs that are merely about plugs as well.

That seemed to be about someone being in the backyard.

So it was just, you know, 10 years of people singing about plugs.

It just got to be very repetitive.

It's like having businessman on this show constantly.

I like the beginning of that song when a dog went to the backyard and took a dump.

I don't think you're hearing what I'm hearing.

All right, Adam, what are we plugging?

Obviously, the Kid Detective, it's available now.

Yeah, that's it.

Kid Detective on Blu-ray DVD and Digital.

And I give it a watch.

I think people will like it.

I really enjoyed it.

All right.

Gary Candles, what are you plugging?

Well, if you ever find yourself in a situation where you have to use the restroom and you're out and about and you don't have one, I'd love you to try my app.

It is Air P&P and what?

And you can just have for P&Poo.

Well, I haven't decided on that yet, but it's my app.

If you're interested in investing, we can talk about that.

Adam, have you made your app yet?

No, I know.

Intellectual proper.

I just, I say all my ideas to everyone right as they come to me.

It's not good.

Snooze you lose.

We were beat out for this app.

This is terrible news.

All right.

Well, yeah, make sure you check that out.

Anything else you want to plug there, Gary, anything on TV or anything that you like?

That's great.

That's fantastic.

Oh, he's not listening to me.

All right.

Tina, this is a part I know you've never heard the show.

You've only heard me doing it next door, but when you're on the show, you can talk about anything that you have coming up or anything.

Maybe you're watching on TV or anything like that.

So this is kind of your time to shine.

You can talk about anything you want.

I mean, I have a lot coming up.

I have a big assignment where I have to put two buckets of chicken on one page because we're doing like a two buckets for $12.99.

Oh.

And then I have to zoom with my uncle and he's like, he's always like, wants to talk about his feet or whatever.

Like, is that I have others.

Do you want?

Yeah.

No, no.

That's what I have coming up.

Are you going to put the one bucket behind the other bucket?

So they both fit or are you going to put them side by side?

Slightly behind, right.

Which is harder than you think.

That sounds tough because perspective and...

Ex, well, exactly.

Yeah.

And your uncle doesn't, I mean, talking about his feet or your feet.

His feet.

They're small and he's always surprised by it.

Oh, I can understand that.

If you look down and you see those things and you're like, holy shit.

Yeah, like, are these mine.

Yeah.

So you get it.

I understand.

Yeah.

Okay.

So not okay.

Yeah.

That sounds like honestly you could take this opportunity to plug your show because it seems like it's not popular as weight.

Yeah.

And everything to do that because people are already listening to it.

But yeah, listen to Comedy Bank thing every week.

That would be, that would be.

All right.

Before we close up the old plug bag, we have a closing remix just submitted by Adam Stone.

Let's hear it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting the little I missed.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the club and open it up and open up the club and make sure it's not closed Open up the club and make sure you've got eyes on here Hey don't mess around with it, enjoy your dope mess around, don't mess around, you make your leap don't mess around ♪ Don't mess around, don't mess around ♪ ♪ Don't mess around, don't mess around ♪ ♪ Don't mess around, don't mess around ♪ ♪ Don't mess around ♪ ♪ Don't mess around, don't mess around ♪ ♪ Don't mess around ♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ Wow! Adam Stone!

Not bad.

Somehow these always end up being longer than the actual the tag team.

And that's already too long.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Adam, it's great to have you back on the show.

Come back in another, you know, eight or so.

Eight or so.

Seven or seven.

Yeah, twenty-twenty-nine.

The world will be right at the precipice of ending.

Yeah.

I think.

Good luck with everything.

Great to see you again.

Thanks, like, yes.

Yeah.

And Gary Candles.

Good luck, look.

We missed out.

You beat us to it.

Good luck with your business.

One person's success is everybody's success.

Don't forget to fill your ink well.

Okay.

And Tina, great to see you, great to meet you.

And so we've decided the one-portal situation with kind of an opening-close situation.

Either one of us can open it or, you know, at any time.

Is that what we're talking about?

Absolutely not.

We will speak again.

It was so nice.

It's so nice meeting you.

It was so nice to meet you.

It really is so nice to meet you.

I love knowing the neighbors.

I love it.

You're a wonderful person.

And speaking of wonderful people, we will have more on the show next week.

So we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
