♪♪ You can't spell electric car without electric and car.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm. Thank you to Voicicoski for that catchphrase submission.

Voicicoski, unfortunately, I don't think that one's going to stick, but keep sending them in.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We have a great show today.

Coming up a little later, we have a small business owner.

I feel like people are now describing themselves as small business owners in order to stay away from being an entrepreneur.

Not sure, but not an entrepreneur, a small business owner.

That is the trend for 2021 is owning a small business.

And what a great time to start a small business in the middle of the demi.

And we also have a bounty hunter.

I don't think we've ever spoken to a bounty hunter, at least not a professional one, maybe someone who did it on the side, but that'll be coming up a little later.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

By the way, I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And we also have someone who is in the performing arts, the performing arts.

Is that kind of a highfalutin' way to say actor, I guess?

But why don't we talk to her right now?

This is her first time on the podcast.

And she was on the Comedy Bang Bang television show a while back, which we can talk about.

You know her from such movies as Star Wars, the Last Jedi, Star Wars, the next Skywalker, Star Wars, the previous guy.

I don't know what all those titles are.

She has a new movie animated movie coming out this Friday called Riah and the Last Dragon.

It comes out this Friday.

I've seen it.

We'll talk about it.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, Kelly Marie Tran.

Hello.

Hi.

Nice to see you.

What up, dude?

Hey, dude.

Good to see you too.

I'm excited to do this.

Yes.

Welcome to the show.

I mean, most people probably would know you from Comedy Bang Bang where you played disgruntled teen.

Is that an accurate description?

Was that teen?

I don't remember if it was teen one or teen two, to be honest.

Definitely not teen three, though.

No, definitely.

You never would have accepted the role.

Yeah, teen three.

No, I have standards.

Come on.

Yes, of course.

That was where we first ran into each other.

I was trying to remember how you got the part because for the most part, we just kind of gave the parts out on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

I had auditions for that, man.

That's what I thought.

Yeah, because if there was ever a part that we didn't just kind of casually know someone who could fit into it and teen would certainly be a part that we really weren't hanging out with any teens at the time, then people would audition for it.

So yeah, I must have seen your audition and cast you from that.

Is that sound like an accurate description?

Yeah, lucky for you.

I am a 30 year old.

That looks like 14.

So right for that.

Yeah, I definitely auditioned for it.

I remember that.

You were great in it.

It's actually one of my favorite episodes.

I don't know what about it.

It was you guys's performance.

I think Ben Berman, the director, did a great job with that episode.

The writers, of course, did a great.

I can't remember who the couch guest was, but maybe not.

Thomas Middle-ditch.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, yeah.

But it was such a funny episode.

And you guys were so funny in it.

And I don't know whether you've heard this story, but we were, I think the next season, trying to figure out who could play a part.

I think it might have been like a regular part, like one of our, you know, quote unquote, PA parts that were in several episodes.

We're like, who can do it?

Who can do it?

And I was like, you know, who was really funny?

It was Kelly Marie Tran.

Why don't we just get her back?

And so, oh, yeah.

So we reached out to your agent and your agent came back and said, no, she can't do it.

She's an England doing a movie.

And Neil Campbell, the executive producer said, she's probably in the new Star Wars movie.

And we said, yeah, that's probably it all kind of like going, all right, Neil, you're, what are you even talking about cut to, I think a year later, they announced you're in this Star Wars in the freaking start.

Gosh, that is crazy.

Well, that was prophetic, I guess.

Yeah, he's a genius, Neil Campbell.

True genius.

So anyway, one of the favorites on comedy, bang, bang, the television show.

And now you're here on the podcast and we'll see how you do on this.

But you, you, you kind of burst out of nowhere, you know, to a lot of people's to the public eye.

When you did Star Wars, but before then you, you actually were around LA.

You were, you were doing UCB.

You were on an improv team, right?

Yeah, I was doing improv and taking classes at all of the schools.

So I went through IO and second rest in peace.

I owe by the way.

Oh, yes, that's right.

We haven't given them their proper rest in peace on this show yet.

I don't think it's ever come up.

I know.

Yeah.

So IO, second city, and I also did my own straw workshops.

I did it all.

Wow.

Yeah.

And did that, so, so when you got the call, when you answered the call is the Lady Ghostbusters once did, and went to the audition for Star Wars, was that the type of role you had been auditioning for?

At the time, or was it kind of out of left field?

It was absolutely out of the field.

I thought it was a joke.

Like, I thought it was like, huh, there's this funny joke because I got, I was.

It was kind of a joke that they would play, isn't it?

Yeah.

They were like, look at this idiot who thinks she could be an actor.

Let's just pretend like she's auditioning for this thing.

Let's give her a fake lightsaber and see what she does with it.

Exactly.

No, so I was auditioning for a bunch of stuff and I was mostly going in for, you know, things on Unsick Combs and getting pretty close to some series of regular roles, but nothing had really, nothing had really gotten to that point yet.

And then as I was auditioning for a bunch of stuff, this audition came through for this thing called the untitled Ryan Johnson Project, which if you do a quick Google, it was very clear he was doing.

Star Wars plus they, plus the word laser was in a lot of the lines, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It was like, it was like untitled Ryan Johnson.

Pew, pew, pew.

Exactly.

It was.

So I auditioned for six months and sort of kept it this big secret.

Well, you audition, it was a six month long audition.

Usually they take the 15 minutes or so.

This was a six month long audition.

Yes, it was.

Was it in real time in the events of the movie?

Yeah, it was spending the night there.

It was just constant torture over and over.

Just the callback, the callback process, you went to a lot of different.

Yeah, yeah, because they were, they were auditioning people in New York and in London and pretty much everywhere.

So it was definitely something that I was like, oh, this is like a fun thing that I'm doing that's never going to pan out, but I'll just congratulate myself one day when I'm like 85 and be like, remember that one time you auditioned for that thing that you didn't get.

That was good.

How many auditions and callbacks did you do before it started to feel kind of serious to you?

Okay, so I think it felt serious around audition for.

I remember that's when I.

That's more than how many Star Wars movies they made in the sequels.

I know.

Hi.

Oh, hey, we have a special guest here, someone who just zoom jacked us.

This is a people know her as my ex girlfriend, people know her.

I wish they wouldn't.

Okay.

The widow.

Like that.

Not a widow.

Please welcome to the show.

Cool up.

You like sock.

Hi, everyone.

It takes a special person to be late in a podcast via zoom in her own home in the home she shares with the host.

But here she is.

Welcome to the show.

Hi, everyone.

Hi.

Hi, Kelly.

Hi.

I'm so excited to talk to you.

I'm so happy to see you.

What are you doing here?

Oh, you know, I have nothing to do.

Okay.

Well, welcome all are welcome on the show.

It is an open door policy.

And you know, we when we were in the studio, we were doing comedy, bang, bang.

It was an open door policy and all these weirdos would just walk into the studio all the time.

And I've missed that on the show here at home.

No one can just walk into my house other than you.

So, you know, we said, hey, why not have an open door policy with today's show.

So welcome.

I mean, this is very indicative of our relationship, which is me constantly invading your space.

Yes.

Thank you.

All right.

So we were just talking about Star Wars, which we were talking about.

Kelly's fourth audition is when it started to feel kind of serious to her.

Yeah, because that's when they brought John Boyega in and it wasn't announced.

Like I went into the room and they were like, like, oh, Kelly, by the way, John, be a good here and you're going to chemistry read with him.

And I was like, had he been cast?

Already?

Yes, because they had already done the seventh movie, which I.

Oh, that's yes.

I forget.

Yes.

Yeah.

I also was not a big Star Wars fan growing up.

So I kind of was like, OK, cool.

I don't know what's happening.

It was also the first thing I ever tested for.

Whoa, that's a huge one to test for.

What if what if they said to you, by the way, we're bringing Darth Vader in for a chemistry test.

And it's just like just some tall dude wearing a Darth Vader thing and they're like, all right.

Let's see how it goes.

I guess I would have just gone with it because I really feel like I was just flying blind at this point.

I had no idea what I was doing.

And that is a pun, by the way, because Rose Tico used to fix airplanes.

What did she do?

Oh, my God, I almost forgot.

I was like, what?

It's like, this is years ago.

She's an engineer.

Oh, yeah.

Maintenance worker.

That's great.

That's the technical term, I guess.

So did you when you when you were doing a John Boyega, did you do the like that first scene?

Where he as I'm remembering it, he comes out of cryostasis or something and or something or or he comes across you when you're trying to hijack a ship or something?

What was the plot of that?

Yeah.

Do you remember?

I know.

It's weird.

It feels like so long ago.

No, so that scene I didn't do until the final test in London, which was like a few auditions later.

Did you see Ben when you were there?

Big Ben.

Oh, you mean, uh, Kyler.

Big AKA, the big clock.

Oh, big Ben.

I thought you said it.

Like my best solo.

Wow.

I am in a weird world.

Yeah, I just see big Ben.

I did see big Ben.

I did all the tourists.

That is not a bad.

That is not a bad nickname for Kylo Ren big Ben.

If everyone just like to make fun of him started calling him big Ben, he's like, stop calling me big Ben.

I'm Kylo Ren.

Not a bad nickname.

So you did some scenes with John Boyega.

You leave the room.

Are you are you sort of like at that point going, did I do well?

Did I not do well?

Do you?

Oh, I thought I completely messed it up.

I don't know if you guys know Caitlyn Tainemoto, who's also sort of in the used to be world.

No, you know, I like to get to know her.

Yeah, she's amazing and she she's.

Have a come by the house.

Drop.

I have a goodbye.

I can't have a come by.

And so she was my roommate at the time and I remember going home and being like, oh, I absolutely messed this up.

And I just like was sitting in my bed crying and I made her crawl into bed with me and hold my hand because I was so upset that I thought I messed it up so badly.

Why did why did you think that that you messed it up?

And is it something that they actually liked about your your audition and then said, hey, keep doing that thing that you thought you messed up during the.

So I don't know if I don't know.

I feel like sometimes I'll get into an audition and I feel like I leave and I'm like, what just happened?

Like I feel like I totally I don't know if I took any of those directions.

That's kind of how I was feeling like I remember.

I can't really relate because I'm off her only.

So I can't really relate.

But go ahead with your story.

Right.

Yeah.

So yeah, so I just honestly thought I messed it up and it was pretty horrifying.

I guess it was horrifying because I knew in my world, I was like, I've never seen anyone like me in a movie like that.

This was my only chance to do anything like that.

So it felt like a big disappointment.

Yeah, it's not like they can be like, well, you didn't get the role of Rose Tico, but you know, we have, you know, a droid that you can play.

Yeah, you know, or like, you know, droid number two, much like team number two, which you played on comedy, bang, bang.

My big break.

Yes, of course.

I can do your big break.

Wow, you've got that on record now, Scott.

Are you happy?

Yes.

Thank you.

Have all the headlines.

Kelly, we're trans from comedy, bang, bang.

What season was that?

Well, I, you know, I will say that when you are cast, it did make me laugh because I have a Google alert for comedy, bang, bang stuff.

And when you were cast, it was one of your only credits that they, that every single article brought up.

They were just like, so I was very proud that the name comedy, bang, bang, at least was out there and all these like.

I'm pretty sure it was comedy, bang, bang and college humor.

Those are the two things that people were like, she's known for these things.

And I was like, I'm proud.

Yes.

So what was it like when you got the call when again, as they say, you answered the call and it was them telling you, you got the part where you still in bed with your roommate at that point.

No, I was so I was working at, I was, was working this office job.

I was a, an assistant to a creative director at a creative recruiting firm, which was at.

Okay, do you guys know where the CA building was?

Is the, the one with a big hole in the middle?

Yeah, the big hole.

So I worked in the desk across the street, the desk star.

Exactly.

Here we go.

I worked in a building across the street.

And so I was working at the, what is that?

Italy, is that no, I worked.

God bless Italy, by the way, we love you.

Oh my God.

I've been in a year.

It's killing me.

It's so good.

I'm dying to car blood.

So.

Yeah.

So I was just called at eating, by the way.

Yeah, I was working at this desk job.

I got this call and they were like, Ryan wants to have a meeting with you.

And I just assumed, I honestly thought it was going to be like, Hey, you got far, but great.

Try kid will keep you in mind for other things.

I kind of thought it was like a, what's it called a a comfort call or a, a consolation call or.

It's kind of what it was.

And then I went into the, the room with him and he was like, you know, movie the room or.

No, because that would be a weird place to tell you.

You got the part.

No, we went, okay, we went to the casting room and he was like, Oh, yeah.

How are you doing?

I'm like, great.

I was like casually pretending to like look at a book of like on the coffee table.

I'm like, Oh, I'm just like, I don't care what you're about to say.

I'm so busy.

And he was like, I want to offer you this role and I remember.

So I remember thinking years before, like as a kid, like no one ever thinks they're going to be able to be in like a fantasy franchise movie.

Like that's like a deranged dream.

Like you'd have to be crazy to believe you could actually do it.

We all know how out of control all of that booking stuff is like I was barely booking like a one line role on anything.

You know, I could barely get team two on comedy bang bang for gas.

And this guy tells me that he wants me to be in his star wars movie and I was just silent for a full like two minutes.

Like I just froze and it was the moment of, Oh, I was fighting this whole time to do this.

And then when it came to the moment, I just don't know if I can do this.

Like I was just so scared.

And yeah, I was so quiet that he eventually was like, uh, do you want this?

I was like, no dude, I'd rather be crying about with my roommate.

Come on.

Incredible.

And then, uh, you know, uh, it's because I had assumed that they would have called your agent and your agent would have called you and said, hey, good news.

But that's, I mean, that's the personal touch.

I like just calling you to a meeting.

I wonder if he called the people that he didn't cast to the meetings or whether, you know, or, yeah, I don't know.

We'll never find out.

I guess.

Like it's the bachelor.

Yeah.

Exactly.

And he says, will you accept this comma rose?

Um, which by the way, are you going to do one of these Disney plus series as Rose Tico?

And if so, I have a pitch and I, I would like to be the show runner and you know, you'll be in safe hands with me.

Let's hear the pitch.

Okay.

So it's a kiss from a rose and it's kind of a bachelor kind of thing where like you're, you're out there.

You're like looking for love, you're flying around in a ship.

You're, I guess you're an engineer from what I'm hearing.

And so you're like fixing the ship every other episode and then it flies for one episode and breaks at the end of each episode.

Anyway, so you're sort of like dating a lot of like, you know, gritos and, and job is and all that.

And you can't seem to find anyone great.

And then at the end, you finally find you, you have been texting space texting.

I don't know exactly what they call it.

They're yeah, they call it space texting space texting with someone who seems so cool.

And you're like, I think this is the one and we find this out at the very end of the season, which makes us come back for season two.

It's the eye of Webish bog.

I'm out.

No, I'm calling Kathy Kennedy.

We're going to green light this.

Let it be known.

We're announcing it here.

Okay.

Great.

Wow.

Finally getting on those nerd websites again ever since the first time you're cast.

I love it.

Well, yeah, we the world wants to see more of that character.

So I know you can't ever say anything until it's actually, you know, announced, but I can see you nodding that you're doing it.

So, I mean, you and like, who would you team up with if you could do a series like that?

Like which one of the characters?

Which one of the characters?

Yeah.

A past or present?

Pastor present or future.

I don't know.

I feel like I'm biased because I spent so much time with John Boyega in episode eight that I just love him so much.

So probably Finn and then Jana because Naomi Aki is a badass and I think she's so good.

The three of you together.

That is a hit show as far as.

Yeah.

Yeah, we've pitched it.

It's going to be made.

Just watch.

And then you're you're like driving in the spaceship and you pass the Mandalorian and you're like you wave him as he goes the other way and you're just like, hey, what's up in that?

Yeah, it's this is perfect.

Okay.

We want to make this happen.

We do want to talk about the the new movie coming out this Friday, Ryan the last dragon now would it surprise you to learn that I've seen this film?

No, because you told me like oh that's right.

It's good.

Yeah.

Upcoming animated film very akin to frozen except it's not a musical and it's not set in the snow.

Are those the major differences?

Yeah, I'd say you're right.

Yeah, although at one point there's a little bit of bad weather and you're kind of like it might snow, but then it actually never does.

What is what is your you play the lead you play.

Riah the titular Riah describe the film for me if you could within one to two to three to four sentences.

Great.

Wow, that just made me so nervous because I'm now like counting my sentences.

You can put commas at the end of your last sentence so that it's just a big long run on if you want to.

Great.

So this movie is about a girl named Riah who grows up it and she's technically a princess, but Disney's told me that we're trying to veer away from that word.

So she's a warrior.

Yes.

All right.

Warrior, which is true.

That's right.

But you are.

I mean, technically you're one of the Disney princesses now.

Yeah.

Isn't that crazy?

Oh my gosh.

Amazing.

It's true.

Beautiful.

It's crazy.

Ah, okay.

So she experiences something pretty traumatizing in her younger years and I hear myself already going into the press answer for what this movie is about and I hate it.

Okay.

Talk about that for a second about like it's so easy when you do more and more interviews.

You're like, this is my blurb.

Well, you were telling me you just started doing the press today.

This is one of your first interviews.

So you got to get good at it.

So maybe this is where you could practice it and I can give you some tips.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

So she's a young warrior who experiences a traumatic experience in her younger years and it filters the way that she sees the world.

So she's now looking at the world from a place of distrust.

Everyone's out to get her.

She doesn't feel like she wants to let anyone into her life.

She has to figure things out by herself and then she goes on to this journey and through meeting other people and all of these sort of magical things that happen, including one of them being meeting a dragon.

She learns how to trust again.

So, okay, pretty good, pretty good, pretty good.

Here's how I here's what I would say having seen the film.

Okay, great.

I would say long ago in the world of Kumandra, humans and dragons live together in harmony, but when similar monsters known as the Drun threatened the land, the dragon sacrificed themselves to save humanity.

So now 500 years later, those same monsters have returned and it's up to a lone warrior, Raya and her pet pill bug companion, Tuk Tuk to track down the last dragon in order to finally stop the Drun for good.

However, along her journey, she'll learn that it'll take more than dragon magic to save the world.

It's going to take trust as well.

That sort of is what you were trying to say, but a little more.

Did you memorize the press release?

That was amazing.

Kelly, this is why he's offer only.

I mean, that is the ochremen.

You know, it's the year of the ox, but it's also the year of this hour.

Oh, so many.

Well, you just put me to shame.

Surely do you want to do my interviews for me as well?

I would mind actually.

Yeah, I'm going crazy here in the house with no one to talk to.

Yeah, me too.

Me too.

What who else is in this cast?

We have some some friends of the show have are in this cast as well.

We have aquafina is in this place.

The other titular last dragon.

Well, so we have we got JAMA Chan who's playing tomorrow.

We have Daniel day Kim who's playing Benja, my father.

We've got Isaac wang who's playing Boone.

Talia Tran is playing baby.

No, I'm Sandra.

Oh, I believe.

Yeah.

Yeah, she plays in Mars mom.

Well, it's been a just long since the movie.

Former comedy bang bang guest, Alan Tudyk apparently is in the movie, although he plays a horse.

Is that right?

He plays the pill bug.

Oh, yeah.

Took tick.

Yeah.

Oh, OK, wonderful.

Patty Harrison is in it.

Love Patty Harrison.

Yeah.

So a really great cast and it comes out this Friday.

Is it I mean, was that did you do it right off a Star Wars?

Was it was it kind of like?

I mean, you've just been living the Disney dream life.

I know.

I feel like I won some golden ticket or something.

I'm like Charlie in the chocolate factory.

Truly.

It's like except this chocolate factory is two rolls in three movies.

Yeah.

So I found it about right right around episode nine was coming out.

Oh, cool.

So yeah, it's been sort of a weird whirlwind.

Yeah.

Is it?

And the first time you saw the film, were you surprised it was animated?

Did you think they were filming you the entire time or?

Well, I was pretty upset because I did all those stunts myself.

And then when I saw the movie, I was like, a hell do.

Yeah.

But Kelly, you look ripped.

Kelly, right?

Animated self is just fully six packed out.

Yeah.

Truly.

Now, Colop, you and I have not spoken during the pandemic.

No, what was mainly, mainly notes, either paper or via chalkboard.

Right.

You and you have a bit of a connection to this film as well.

Is that right?

That is right.

The filmmakers and Los Angeles Scott, you've heard of Los Angeles, right?

I've seen the swag around the house.

Yeah.

And you know that boxes of t-shirts everywhere.

Mm hmm.

Stacks of boxes of t-shirts and you know that I'm loud, right?

I look.

I mean, we probably discussed that early on in our courtship at this point.

It's been 20 years.

So I don't know what.

Scott, we talked about in those early dates.

Scott, how dare you?

It's been 22 years.

I beg your pardon.

Apologies.

Well, we, we did a little collaboration with the filmmakers and we did a blessing ceremony at the start of the production in the Disney animation building in January of 2020.

So this is right before pandemic hits.

Yeah.

This is like patient zero super spreader event possibly.

What?

Oh, oh no.

Her cuticle aim for home.

I'm sorry.

I mean, I don't, I guess I don't know.

I don't know.

Right.

So you did a, you did a loud blessing ceremony.

Can you describe that just a little bit of what happens?

Yes.

So it's called the bossy and in the loud culture.

It's where we, we believe that as you go into life, sometimes you leave your spirit in different places.

And so you're calling it back.

And so that was when I first knew that Kelly was involved and she was there.

And so the, the ceremony is about an elder giving you blessing and tying a string on your wrist.

And it's, it's really about the group coming together to support one another.

And the, the film, it's, it's not set on earth and it's not set on Mars or Pluto or Jupiter or anything like that.

They never say what the planet is, but it's, it's set in a fantasy land called Kumandra, right?

Yes.

Which is, and it's inspired by Southeast Asian cultures like Laos and Thailand, Vietnam, Cambodia and stuff like that.

So the filmmakers were reaching out to groups so that there were authentic touches in the film.

Is that right?

Yeah.

And the lead cultural consultant is Dr. Steve Arunasak.

He was a associate professor of Lao anthropology at CSU, right?

Yes.

And he's also like a big brother to me.

And so that's the reason why Los Angeles got connected.

But yeah, so there was a South, Southeast Asian story trust that was involved.

Right.

So when, when we, and Kelly, when we watched the film, cool up, can you say what your reaction was?

I don't want to spoil your reaction, but certain moments in the film were provoking strong reactions.

And you correct?

Yes.

Scott said beside me as I wept.

I laughed.

I wept.

I was just so, I was surprised at how little details had this like this record cultural recognition, these little pieces of Laos that came forward.

And Kelly, you know, like we never get to see ourselves on screen and much less in a Disney animated film.

And it just, it made me so happy and I was so touched on like a really deep primal level.

And you were fantastic.

You're so good in it.

Thanks for saying that.

Oh, it means so much to me that you were moved by the whole experience because I feel the same really like when I saw it.

So much of it for me was just looking at the food and looking at the fabrics and looking at how meticulous the story trust and Disney was about making sure that this was authentic.

Like, I don't, I don't know if you guys know, this is actually a funny little tidbit, but Disney actually reached out to me and had like an hour long phone call with me just about Raya's hat.

What?

I don't remember.

Were you wearing a Santa Claus hat?

I can't remember exactly what it was.

Yeah, Kelly moved them away from the Santa Claus hat.

She was like, exactly, exactly.

I was like, that's like, that's like frozen.

Yeah, yeah.

She's exactly.

But I guess what's been crazy to me is just how in depth everybody is in this whole experience and just knowing how important it is.

Like with what you were saying, we never, we never get representation.

And so it feels like a lot of, you know, it feels like a lot of pressure to do it, right?

And I've just been really wonderfully surprised and just grateful that everyone has been so thoughtful about everything.

It just makes it that much more of an enjoyable experience.

Incredible.

Well, it's a great film.

I think people should bring as many children as they can to it their own other people's just gather, you know, round up children.

This, I mean, this to you is like what Fargo is to me, you know?

Fargo is my culture.

No, it's not.

Fargo is more my culture than your culture.

I'm just not good white people.

I'm from Minnesota.

I have that accent.

That's true.

Have you guys seen Kumiko, by the way, this movie that was like based on far, it's like about this Japanese woman who thinks a lot of Fargo is real.

It is amazing.

Oh, it's amazing.

Oh, all right.

It's amazing.

I'll send you an email about it.

Oh, please.

Anyway, it's yeah.

But we're not here to talk about Kumiko.

We are here to talk about Riot the last dragon.

It comes out this Friday.

It's in theaters if you're near a theater that's open, but it's also on premiere access on Disney Plus, which essentially is Disney Plus Plus.

Disney Plus Plus.

Does that cancel?

Would it be Disney minus then?

Disney Plus Square.

Yeah.

So people can rent it in the safety of their own homes or someone else's home.

I mean, go somewhere else if you want, you know, just break into someone else's house if you like and charge it to them.

Give them a cup.

I don't know if that's something anyone should do, Scott.

I feel like maybe that.

Not quite sure.

Oh, by the way, we know Isaac, right?

Yes, we do.

Isaac's loud.

He's loud Chinese.

And one time he was over for a Los Angeles potluck and he decided to sing karaoke.

I think it was a whole new world, but he did it in sort of a scream core way.

And then Scott angrily texted me.

WTF is going on.

I believe I was trying to sleep.

That's right.

And he was a whole new world.

So it's wonderful to see him springboarding from that experience to the big screen.

Oh my gosh.

He's so good in this.

He's really funny.

Amazing.

He's so good.

And Kelly, did you know that his mom was dancing in the bossy ceremony?

Yeah, they told me afterwards.

I think that's so like how full circle is that?

This is more like an off mic conversation.

Oh, well, I think.

All right, well, you keep talking about how people should break into other people's houses.

Use your platform that way, Scott.

Scott, why don't you just keep talking about Fargo?

Well, I am using my platform to talk about Ryan, the last dragon.

People should see it.

It comes out this Friday, Disney Plus, or go hit up a theater if you're near one.

We have to take a break if that's OK.

When we come back, we are going to be talking to a small business owner and also a bounty hunter.

This is a very exciting show, Kelly.

And Koolop, are you sticking around or are you?

What's going on?

I ain't going nowhere.

Hell yeah.

All right.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more comedy bang, bang after this.

♪♪♪ Comedy bang, bang, we're back here.

Kelly Marie Tran from Raya and The Last Dragon in theaters and also on Disney Plus Premier Access this Friday.

We also have Koolop, Eli Sock of the Add to Cart podcast.

We didn't, we talked about it on The Last Show.

Yeah, people know about it and also I come from your bed.

That's right.

♪♪♪ Yes, getting a lot of reaction from our other guests.

But speaking of our other guests, we do have to get to our next guest.

She's a small business owner.

Have you ever spoken to a small business owner, Kelly?

This is exciting.

I have because I go to farmers markets.

Okay.

Well, maybe this small business owner works out of farmers market.

We'll find that out.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Chrysanthemum Trummers.

Oh, hi.

Hi.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you.

Are you okay?

Oh, yeah, I'm oh, no, I'm thrilled.

Oh, okay.

This is huge for me.

Thank you.

Oh, no problem.

I mean, a lot of people come on this show to talk about their businesses and, you know, get the word out about what they're up to.

Oh, that's exciting.

You think someone might, I might get some business off of this?

Why else would you be here?

Oh, I just, you know, I thought, well, this sounds like a nice time.

Well, you don't think so.

I've been going so well for my business.

So I wasn't totally thinking about that, honestly.

Okay.

Well, we'll get to what your business is, but this is.

Will we?

Are you all right?

It seems like you're, you're, you're, there's no pressure on this interview.

Okay.

Just relax.

Okay.

Oh, yeah.

I tried to take a meditation course once and nothing worked as good as just picturing a tumbleweed for me.

So I'll do that.

picturing a tumbleweed.

Okay.

So, yeah, please continue to do that.

I mean, that's what a lot of our listeners do when some of these jokes.

All right.

Okay.

All right.

Yeah.

All right.

I don't land exactly the way that they're supposed to.

Welcome to this is Kelly.

By the way, this is cool up.

Oh, hello.

Hi.

Hi, Mrs. Terrence.

I don't know why I waved.

Well, you're, it's a nice friendly thing to do and they saw it and they responded in kind.

Oh, good.

Yeah.

It was very nice.

Oh, good.

He seemed very in your head about what you did.

Well, I don't know.

You know, it's a lot.

You know, when you are, you're your own business, you're doing all these things by yourself and maybe you didn't make all the right moves, Scott.

Oh.

Maybe you have gotten yourself in a couple of pickles.

Oh, is it?

Okay.

So what, before we get to the pickles, let's get to the, the, the movie.

The meat of the matter, the burger.

What, what exactly is your business?

Oh, well, Scott, I went real big on, um, by the way, you don't have to just address me.

You can, if you're going to say, well, Scott, make sure you say, well, Scott, Kelly and Coolup.

Well, Scott, Kelly and Coolup, I went big on a trend that I thought was forever and I got just a storage unit full of fidget spinners.

Oh, that's all I'm sitting on.

Well, Scott, Kelly and Coolup and not just my own, but my parents, they, they got a storage unit full of fidget spinners.

Oh, no, a separate storage unit.

Yeah.

You want to just get a bigger one together?

When my uncle sold his RV, he let me use his RV parking spot, a covered parking spot to store more fidget spinners.

So well, Scott, Kelly, Coolup, it's not going so good.

No, no, it's right.

How long ago did you buy these?

I remember people talking about fidget spinners back in, I would say earlier.

Did you have one of these?

I can't quite tell how old you are.

Oh, me?

No, Kelly.

Oh, so sorry.

She's, she's a 30 year old woman who can play a teen.

So I'm not quite sure.

I have two fidget spinners.

Oh, do you need a third, Kelly?

Do you need approximately 20,000 more?

Well, I'll start small.

Well, Scott, Kelly, Coolup.

I take just one more, Kelly.

Coolup, Scott.

Any of you want just one additional fidget spinner for what you need?

Kelly, how long has it been since you busted out the fidget spinners?

It's, they're collecting dust, to be honest.

Okay, yeah.

Well, hey, Kelly, you know a great way to knock that dust off is give them a little spin, you know?

They're kind of their own mini ceiling fans.

That's what's great about them is they, that dust will go right off.

Is that how you've been advertising the ones you've been trying to sell?

They're like their own mini ceiling fans?

I've tried everything, Scott, Kelly, Coolup.

I've tried.

There's their own mini ceiling fans, their little pinwheels, their, their, their like fans, their like, if you had a, that's a lot like the first thing you said.

Yeah.

Okay.

You seem to be reviewing yourself.

Yeah, they're all fan based.

If I, I'd said they're like what you'd put behind a boat.

That's a fan boat.

So yeah, I guess I made a lot of comparisons to why would you buy so many fidget spinners?

Yeah, I know they were popular for a while, but was someone unloading them or were these made to order for you?

Well, well, Scott, Kelly, Coolup, I, I had loved them when I had them and I, and I was even a little late.

I think they were biggest in, I'd say 2016.

I'm coming in the end of 2017 and I'm saying, I still think that he's got legs and I just really enjoyed how they made me feel.

And I thought, Oh, this, how do they make you feel?

Because if, if I could be frank with you, you, you seem to be a nervous wreck, someone who's kind of at the precipice of emotional instability.

Sure.

Do they calm you down?

Yeah, they have a calming effect.

I don't know if you've ever moved them side to side.

It kind of, I've never even touched one.

I don't even know if I've ever been in the same room with one.

Oh, Scott, could I give you a box?

A box.

Could I give you a box?

Scott, not a box.

How many are in a box?

Not a box.

A box has about 500 count.

500.

You can't afford to give away 500 of these things.

I can and I will, Scott, you know, even, you know, because the overhead that I have on the, on the storage spaces is, if I could reduce even one of these storage spaces and get it down to just my uncle's old RV spot that might, that might put me back towards the charging.

Is he charging you for that one?

No, God bless his soul.

He has, I don't know.

He just said, Hey, my RV was there.

You could use it till you get down to just this one.

What happened to his RV or is he, is he passed away?

He just, he just decided he preferred hotels.

See on hotel tonight, what is he booked through an app or what does he do?

Oh, no, he still uses a travel agent.

He's interesting.

Travelers checks as well.

Anything traveler.

Yeah.

He has a, he has a diner's club credit card.

He's just, he's real old school about that.

Scott Kelly.

Cool up.

So, so you have all of these fidget spinners.

I mean, maybe there's another use for them.

I mean, Kelly, what do you do with yours?

You basically, what is it?

You put them on the floor or something?

What do they do?

Okay.

So I bought them thinking that it would help with my ADD.

Like I was like, Oh, I'll just like spin this while I'm watching a movie.

But then what happened was I got really into those, you know, the other fidget, like cute.

Oh, the fidget cube.

Yeah.

Kind of like you're a spin.

No, the cube doesn't spin.

No, it just has a little clicky clack.

It has little things you can manipulate with your every side of the cube.

All six sides are different.

Scott Kelly cool up and you could do all different kinds of things with it.

And yeah, so I might say it's a superior product to the spinner.

Why didn't you buy those?

Well, Scott, I thought just stand by what you believe and I believed the spinner was superior.

I like how you didn't.

You just said they weren't.

Well, at the time I did.

I thought I like how passive it is.

I don't like the click clack.

I don't, I don't think a noise making component is good.

It's meant to be soothing.

Oh, it's all right.

Kelly.

I understand that the cube had.

I love the cube.

Do you still use the cube?

I still use the cube.

Oh, no.

Wow.

So the cube is getting a lot of work and no dust on that cube.

No dust on the cube.

Truly.

And it just, it sits perfectly and it's like cute.

You know, it just is a lot cuter.

Yeah, it's a much cuter product.

Maybe you could try to do something with your fidget spinners to make them cuter.

You could put like, you know, fake googly eyes on them or something.

Now there's an idea.

Well, I will say those Scott, sometimes, oh, so sorry, Scott Kelly, cool up.

Sometimes I do find myself in a situation where I imagine, I imagine that a bit of a toy story is happening and I just have boxes and boxes of lonely.

And you're keeping them conf, they're like in prison.

And I want to just be at this point, I'd just be an Andy and pass them to a younger child who appreciate them because it's time for me to go to college.

I'd be willing, but it's just so many of them.

And, you know, during the pandemic, I can't just ding dong.

Here's 500 count except for maybe you two, if you would take one.

I don't know.

I don't know the way you have room.

Yeah.

Trying to minimize our choice.

Yeah.

I'm doing a Marie Kondo thing or I'm watching a lot of Netflix.

Yeah.

Absolutely that.

And I got, I can't argue with that because it makes sense.

Who, who, who sold you these spinners?

Oh, I bought them from all over, you know, way, not even by men bulk for one source.

You bought them one at a time.

Christopher mom.

Yeah.

No.

Every time I saw.

You're never going to make your money back that way.

Every time I saw one that I liked, I added it to the collection knowing that someday it would make someone else happy.

It needed to like, you know, we don't need to spark joy with me.

Oh, some of them are metallic.

Some of them are neon green.

Some of them have a lot of weight to them.

Some of them not so much.

You know, I know.

But Chris, anthem, did you buy them all retail?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Sometimes.

Were they marked down at all or?

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it was this your life savings?

How much money did you sink into this?

Well, I had, I had inherited several bonds when I was a woman.

Was this the uncle who gave you the RV spot as well?

That's right.

Yeah.

Why is he giving all this stuff away?

He's just, it sounds to me like he's just vacationing in hotels.

You know, I think he's just one of those guys who goes through true phases.

Oh, he had an RV phase.

Now he's back on hotels.

He used to be into time chairs before that.

He's just one of those guys.

So every phase he gives away all of his possessions and then starts anew.

Yeah, you know, he likes to start with a clean slate.

Yeah.

So I, I cashed in those bonds.

So I'm about $47,816 in on Fidget Spinner's off of retail.

Oh, this is, I mean, from one, I, from one, I'm told that's a lot of money.

I mean, why don't you just, you know, work a couple of weeks on a sitcom, do some pump you up on a movie or something?

Yeah.

Why don't I?

Why don't I Scott?

These are all easily manageable problems.

No, Scott, what you're forgetting is though 2017 was already on the day, I had a whole year of selling them and I thought, okay, here we go.

I'm, I'm, I'm putting a, I'm putting money in my jar to get my catamaran and I'm getting closer.

I'm clicking closer by the day.

And then that was your goal is to, to buy a catamaran?

Well, sure.

And where would you take the catamaran?

Just off, you know, up and down the coast, I'll just go down to Dana Point.

If I need to, that's, um, you know, do you drive the catamaran?

Down to Dana Point or do you, you can use a motor or a sale.

Okay, but you'd have to, I guess I mean on the back of a truck or something.

Oh, where would I launch it from?

Sure.

Yeah.

Oh, well, my uncle has a slip and Marina Del Rey.

Oh, you're uncle.

Why don't you tell your uncle about your problems?

It sounds like he would help you out.

Well, he, oh, I have and he does, but he, he's one of those, I think in a good way.

He's one of those older figures in your life who helps you, but doesn't want to just erase your problem for it.

You're like, you know, he's giving me the RV spot for free Scott.

He gave me the bonds.

He's just, you know, hey, Chris Anthemum, you keep going on this or you try to pivot.

And if you got your next idea, you know, you can count on my support.

Well, I look, I wish you luck with these, this business of your, I mean, it's not even a business.

It's more of a collection that you're trying to turn into a business.

Uh huh.

That's a fair assessment.

Yeah.

I think it's really, it's a poor investment.

I'm looking to offload rather than a small business.

Yeah.

You may just want to take this as a loss.

And if you're not enjoying the fidget spinners any longer, which it sounds like maybe you're not because the pressure of them is, is just weighing down upon you every single day of your life.

I mean, maybe you just throw them in the trash or or a bonfire.

That could be really like the Phoenix, like you're not sure of them and sure them.

And then, and then torch the, the, the, the, the storage space.

Oh, oh, oh well.

All right.

Now see now we're cooking with gas.

Have we ever said anything on fire?

Uh, yeah, I have actually.

Um, what are we talking?

We talk in food.

Um, what else?

I, I feel like when I was a kid, I used to like wreak havoc a little bit and I would just set little structures on fire.

Am I a sociopath?

Yes.

Structures like a shed.

I'd like build little, um, with like builds, build little like popsicle structures.

And then I would just, you know, burn them like people.

Okay.

Are we talking popsicle sticks or actual popsicles because those things.

Popsicle sticks.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

That all tracked for me.

No, I gotta say I, I had a lot of nods throughout that, that I felt like.

Right.

Mm hmm.

Yeah.

We're about that.

So we're like, well things on fire.

Uh, look, we have to take a break if that's okay.

When we come back, we have a bounty hunter.

Now look, uh, we don't, you haven't committed the crime of arson yet, but if you do, the bounty hunter might, you know, eventually track you down and turn you into, you know, if you skipped bail, of course.

Oh, oh, turn me in.

Oh, yeah.

That's part of, that's part of skipping bail is the whole bounty hunter experience.

I wonder, you know, if in the Mandalorian, look, Kelly, you're in the Star Wars universe.

I don't know whether you've found this out yet, but I wonder if he goes after people who have skipped bail, like space bail.

Oh, I've never seen that show guys.

If I have to see one more laser, more pew pew.

Honestly.

All right.

Well, uh, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll ask about a bail and its relation to bounty hunting.

We will be right back with more crescent them.

Trummers, more Kelly Marie Tran, more cool.

I feel like I suck.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

We bang, bang, we're back Kelly Marie Tran of Ria and the last dragon lending her dulcet tones.

Did they ever tell you it was a musical just to hear you like sing some stuff and then kind of laugh at you?

I begged them to make it a musical.

The answer was a resounding no.

Look at this dragon.

It's the last one.

My name is Ria.

That gets all the info into one song.

Right.

It's perfect.

She was the composer of the sequel that is a musical.

Okay.

I would love to.

We also have a cool off Eli Sock here who gets special thanks in the credits of Ria and the last dragon.

Pardon me.

Hello.

I'm here.

Yes.

We also have Chris.

Anthem.

Trummers who has no relation to this film as far as I can tell.

That's right.

Unless unless they made a promotional fidget spinner that I could acquire.

I probably.

You still want to acquire more?

It's hard to break a habit, Scott.

Are you wearing a hat that says crunches, by the way?

No, are you just putting reminders everywhere to do your cardio?

It actually says crunched.

Okay.

Scott Kelly cool up and well, the details of that story.

Do you put that on every time you finish your breakfast?

Oh, crunched.

All right.

We don't have time to get into that.

We do have to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned bounty hunter.

This is very exciting.

This is one of the most exciting jobs I think we've ever spoken to.

I mean, you know, actors are fine.

Kelly, no offense.

It's cool.

And you know, small business owners, we get a lot of those AKA entrepreneurs.

But bounty hunters, I don't think we've ever spoken one.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Eli Fusselli.

Oh, howdy Scott.

Eli Fusselli here.

Happy to be here.

Sorry.

Howdy Scott Kelly.

Hey, howdy.

Hello.

Hi there.

I'm in the waiting citation by Disa Howdy.

Yes.

Okay.

And thank you for saying it.

You know what it means.

Howdy means is it?

Well, is it akin to hello?

Is it like a low hop?

It's extremely similar to it.

It does not mean peace or goodbye like a low hop might.

But it does.

And Namaste, I think, as well.

I would say it's in its Venn diagram with sort of Shalom and Namaste.

Aloha.

It does have the hello part is similar in the rest of it.

So you couldn't say howdy when you want to say goodbye.

You could, but I think you would leave someone staring at you wide eyed and a bit confused.

Okay.

So you don't want to do that.

I wouldn't.

I wouldn't do it.

I won't do it at the end of this conversation if you're wondering for like a personal.

All right.

Well, I'm going to hold you to that.

If you say howdy at the end of this show, I'm going to be so upset.

Okay.

So zero percentage.

Not a lot of showers, chance of a windstorm.

Scott Kelly Koolop, Chris and the moment.

It ain't going to happen.

Don't you worry about it.

All right.

Good to see you.

Oh, bounty hunter, this is exciting.

Yes, sir.

Exciting job.

Try to.

You're from the south.

I'm actually from, I'm from Northeast California, a little town called Calico.

Okay.

Calico.

Yeah, that's right.

Sounds beautiful.

It was one, one time back in the day.

Yeah.

Where'd you go to high school?

Oh, did not, sir.

Oh, really?

Oh, so you were, you graduated.

Are you like a prodigy who graduated when you were like 11 from college?

I don't know that I call myself a prodigy, but I'd say that, yeah, ever since I was 11, I've absolutely been hunting things down, turning them to their right flow.

And as I remember this one time, I come outside my house and there was a baseball glove just lying there in the dirt.

And I said, now, hold on a second, Mr. Eli, if you see, you do not own a baseball glove.

Therefore, this baseball glove must belong to someone else.

I'll tell you what it was.

And there was a kid next to it.

And it was his side.

Oh, kid right next to it.

Like adjacent to it.

Yeah.

I did not see him at first.

I just saw the glove.

Was he obscured by a shadow or a tree?

No, he was right there.

Clean his nose on God's face.

I'll tell you what, he was sitting right there right next to it.

But I didn't see him.

He was sitting next to it.

Yeah.

So I don't even have the excuse of sort of like, I line was wrong was looking down at the glove and then immediately behind the glove was the.

So not even adjacent just behind it.

So I tell you right, my line of sight.

I'll tell you what, that was a blind spot that I had to sort of work on in my line of vision because it's not good when you're looking for something and they're.

And it's in your line of vision and you can't see it.

And it's obscured by a thing that's smaller than the thing that is hiding.

Yeah.

And it doesn't work out great.

Well, welcome to the show.

I mean, that's what a wonderful story that you were able to return that glove to its rightful owner who was right there.

Yeah, he just sort of picked it up.

Yeah.

But I felt like I had a hand in it.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, definitely, definitely.

Oh, your hand was in the glove?

No, sorry.

Sorry, ma'am.

I felt like I had sort of a part to play in the reunification of your.

An active participant.

Yeah.

I felt that way.

Yeah.

You know, they say that if you are, they say that evil does not need more evil to succeed, it just needs the absence of good.

You know what I mean?

Like if you're doing nothing, you're on the side of evil.

Are you sure you didn't graduate high school?

That's a quite a philosophical quote there.

Oh, yeah.

No, I'm full of philosophical quotes.

I got the internet.

You don't need internet.

You need your high school to get internet.

That's true, but you may need internet to get high school these days.

I believe that's true.

I believe children are sort of learning in their own homes.

It's sad.

It should be a public utility if you ask me.

Oh, well, I think that's sort of out of your purview.

I mean, you're here to talk about bounty hunting.

Before we get to the bounty hunting, why didn't you own a baseball glove?

No, well, I mean, it's not really a sport.

You can play all by your lonesome.

I wasn't about to play with that kid next door.

So I was wrong with him.

He was...

Well, he was...

Please collect your thoughts.

Whatever you need to do.

I mean, he was not sort of alive in the sort of usual sand scot.

What?

He was a little ghost boy.

A ghost boy?

Oh, okay.

Is this part of your thing?

What do you mean?

Well, I mean, you're here to talk about bounty hunters.

Yeah, it's unreal.

Now he was a ghost.

The supernatural into your whole thing.

I'll tell you what.

What's that?

Well, then maybe it's okay that you didn't see him?

Exactly.

Yeah, he may be shimmering in and out.

I tell myself that.

He was brat green.

He was she was pretty shy.

Wait, is this slimer?

You know, I know he looked a lot like slimer.

Do you have hot dogs in his mouth that he'd stolen from a New York street cart?

Yeah, that might be the guy.

I'm not kidding him.

Okay.

Well, I don't know what he has a baseball glove for.

I didn't ask him.

He wouldn't tell.

Okay.

Well, yeah, as far as I know, he can't talk.

So yeah, well, it didn't talk to me.

That's why we didn't play baseball together.

I'll be listening next door.

Also, he was a ghost.

Yeah, I mean, I don't know if lived is the correct word, but he was next door.

He sort of inhabited.

Did you live next door to a fire station in New York City?

Did an old abandoned fire station that had, you know, what they call an ectomobile car to the garage?

I've been to New York one or two times, so I didn't live there.

What'd you do there when you were when you were in New York?

I was hunting someone down.

I've been paid to sort of find someone who was having a marital disagreement with their spouse.

Okay.

Well, this is what you're on the show to talk about being a bounty hunter.

I can only imagine Kelly, have you ever met a bounty hunter?

Have you ever been related to one?

Have you ever seen any kind of film or television show about one?

I have not seen any films or television shows or have been related to a bounty hunter ever, so I'm fascinated.

Well, you met one now.

Nice to meet you.

Nice to meet you too.

Ain't that a thing?

You come on a podcast, you meet all sorts of new and interesting people.

Listen, listen, I'm extremely excited to hear more about how bounty hunting works.

Yeah, tell us, tell us how you got your start.

Now, you know, we raised the supernatural and ghosts earlier.

That will have nothing to do with this?

Yeah, it's neither here nor there.

Okay.

Continue then.

Yeah.

So what happens is someone comes to me, let's say you cool out came to me and you say, I want you to hunt down my husband, Scott Ockerman.

Scott, you skipped down.

I don't know where he is.

I want you to go find him.

I thought that that's more of a private investigator thing.

A bounty hunter, doesn't that imply that you're chasing down people who have skipped their bail?

That's possible, but that's, I don't work with any sort of organization.

I don't work with prison system and I'm not really reliant on it.

Yeah, I guess it is similar to a private investigator except that I don't do investigations, really.

I just track people down.

I guess that's an investigation sort of in its own way.

Yeah, the bounty is usually like, okay, we're going to give you some money that's less than the amount that we're due to pay the courts for the bail.

Why am I explaining bounty hunters to you?

You are one.

No, sir, but the way that it would come to me is the cool opposite.

I'll give you, I don't know, $500 a hunt down to Scott David Ockerman who has skipped down and gone to New York City.

You know, that's 600.

600.

You get him.

There you go, 600 dollars.

This is bad negotiating taxes.

Cool.

You're just giving our money away.

Like you already agreed to do it for 500.

He needs a bounty.

You can tip him at the end.

Wait, do you have to kill them at the end?

It depends on the job, but no, ma'am, I have not killed anyone in my particular.

Oh, so you're just finding people.

Have you killed anyone in your personal life?

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Well, this is, I have to say.

That's not what I'm here to talk about.

The bounty hunting is interesting, but the ghosts and the fact that you're a murderer?

No, not a murderer, sir.

Not a murderer, sir.

I could not.

It's a sassen.

I need to clarify.

I've shot one man and he drew first.

So that was self-defense on my part.

Oh, well, what situation was this?

Oh, we were in a disagreement.

He was out.

He was trying to order a wedding cake.

From you or from me?

From a bakery nearby?

Nearby.

So he wasn't even at this bakery.

He was on the phone?

I guess neither of us were at the bakery.

He was on the phone trying to order a wedding cake from a bakery.

What was the disagreement about?

Well, I was getting to that part, Mr. Auger.

Sorry, I don't mean to interrupt.

He was ordering a wedding cake on the phone and we were in a street nowhere near the bakery.

And as he was on the phone...

But it wasn't nearby.

The baker was nearby, but not so near that he could call it with his voice.

He had to call it on the phone.

Okay.

As he walked by, he bumped into me and I said, beggar pardon, sir.

And he said, I'm pissed off at you.

And I assumed he was talking to whoever he was on the phone with.

So I just kept walking.

And then he threw his phone in the dirt and said, no, you, person that I just bumped into.

And I said, I don't know who you are, sir.

He said, well, get ready to meet your maker.

And then he drew a gun on me, but I drew faster and I did a different round.

There's got to be a better way for that to be a snappy quip.

Maybe if you would have said, hey, I haven't even met you yet, well, you're not going to meet me, you're going to meet your maker.

It just needs to be punched up a little bit.

Punch up on what he was saying or what I should have said.

Well, both of you, if you could have worked-shoped that a little bit, it would have been.

Maybe, hey, I don't even know you.

Well, the only person you need to know is God.

Because if you don't know him yet, you're about to go to hell.

You know something to that effect?

Absolutely, sir.

I agree.

I'll let him know next time I see him.

He pops up my career for every once in a while.

Oh, so he survived?

Wait, I thought you said you killed him.

I did.

Oh, but wait, his ghost.

Is he Slimer?

Listen, that's not what I'm here to talk about.

Well, it feels like maybe it should be.

And now, is he the same Slimer?

Are Slimers all over?

Is there only one Slimer?

AKA Onion Heads.

I don't know.

He's not, he looks sort of like he did before, but translucent and yellow.

Yellow.

Oh, okay.

So why the yellow do you think?

Is that just a ghostly color?

Did you urinate on him after you shot him?

Or is it his favorite Coldplay song?

You know, I'll ask him.

I don't know.

It's a good Coldplay song.

So you killed one man.

He drew first.

Were you taking a cord or arrested for that or anything like that?

I'm asking that happens all the time in the desert.

It was the desert nearby a wedding cake store?

It was a desert town.

But yeah, it was a town in the, you know there are towns in the desert, right?

This whole state's a desert.

Okay, because I like you don't believe me.

Now I meet a lot of people that don't believe there are towns in the desert.

Are these ghosts you're meeting?

I mean, who were killed before they made the towns in the desert?

Yeah, okay.

Yeah, I meet a fair amount of ghosts in the desert.

That's not all I'm here to talk about.

Okay, all right.

Look, let's talk about bounty hunting.

Okay.

How does it work?

I'm going to hunt you down for $600 in New York City.

I find you, where would you be hiding?

It's sort of a red lobster or a cozy pizza.

Yeah, probably.

It's getting some cheddar biscuits.

Cheddar biscuits.

Yeah, definitely Times Square.

So I go to your, I'm in the Olive Garden in Times Square.

Yeah, the greatest place for locals to go, you go to the Olive Garden in Times Square.

I go in, I interrupt.

You're unlimited soup salad and breadsticks.

And I say, Mr. Ockerman, I've been hunted.

I've been hired by Koolop to hunt you down and bring you back to her.

Now she has paid me $600.

And at this point that I would give you the option to pay me more than that to not hold you in.

I'll say, so I can outbid her?

Yes, I say, turn about fair play.

If you would like to hire me for $601 or more dollars, I will hunt down her and I'll bring her back to you.

I'm just going to make 601.

I'm not going to pay any higher.

Well, you're mad.

But then I'm going to go back to Koolop.

Now I'll say Koolop below.

I found Scott Ockerman.

I found him.

That's where I found him.

I found him in the Olive Garden in Times Square in an unlimited soup salad.

No, you're not supposed to say that unless she outbits me.

No, I tell her right off the bat.

I tell her exactly where you were.

And by the way, when I get to you, I'll tell you where she was.

I let both parties know where the other party was.

And I say, now if you'd like to go back, the bid is like eBay, right?

It's sitting at $601.

If you give me $2, I'll go back.

I'll go back and bring him to you.

I have a question for Eli.

Well, yeah, so if I don't want to pay you more, you will take me to him.

Correct.

Times Square.

But he doesn't, he's trying to run for me.

That's right.

Turn about fair play though, isn't it?

If he pays me, if you started it, but then he pays me more, I'm about to hunt you and I'll bring you back to him.

I don't want her in this scenario, in this scenario.

Okay.

But then you have, you've, isn't it like, why doesn't it just end when you tell me where he's at and you don't have to bring him?

Yeah, it seems like she could eliminate the middleman and just go to the Olive Garden and, you know, say what's up herself.

Well, she could, but she won't and I'll tell you why.

Oh, please do.

That would answer my question that I just asked.

Well, yeah, she could.

She could.

Really 10 seconds ago.

She won't and I'll tell you what, Scott, here's the reason why she will not do that.

Okay.

She won't do that because she's hired me and that's my job.

Okay.

But then Eli, how do you get Scott to stay at the Olive Garden this whole time?

It's tricky because, you know, that's an excellent point.

Most of the time he does not.

Finally, the Olive Garden, by the time I get back to you, I'll say, I found Scott Ocarman, last known place.

I'll tell you, I'll tell you where he was.

I'll tell you a social security number if I've got it.

I'll give you some of his internet path.

If you've got it, how do you get it?

Well, I do.

I have it.

Yeah.

You got it.

So you've asked her for it.

Yeah.

Sometimes I'll go into your like Google Chrome.

You ever get one of those alerts on Google Chrome that's like, hey, listen, you got to stop using the same password for everywhere you go.

I'm like, I'm not going to, but thank you for telling me Google Chrome is probably like that.

Like you probably were like, you probably, your password was probably like comedy bang bang boy.

You probably just type them out in.

All right.

You got it.

Scott.

Some of those passwords, not too hard to guess.

I'm a big, big man.

Scott, you should, you should try to get hired by Google Chrome to make that an audio alert where you say, hey, no seriously.

You're getting nervous again, Chris, I can hear the quivers in your voice.

I wasn't sure if I'm, am I, can I be in this part?

Please, yeah.

We'll take all comers.

We enjoy having you.

Okay.

Uh, maybe you should be a little audio that says, you should be audio that says, hey, reminder, no, for real with those passwords.

So I pop up like clippy on your computer screen.

No, I think you can, we can, you can be better than clippy.

You can be better than clippy.

Dream, dream, dream hire.

You guys are so supportive.

Yeah.

Don't talk about my new friend that way.

Clippy is a menace and you would be helpful.

You don't like clippy.

Do you see clippy?

By the way, Eli?

Oh, yeah.

Absolutely.

Is clippy a ghost?

No, he just pops up every time I boot up my 1998 Dell laptop.

Why did you say that so slowly?

Well, it's an old laptop and I was trying to, I was reading, you're, you're the slower you say something, the older it is.

Is that what you think?

Yeah.

So like when you say grand ma, it's because now when you say that way, I'm picturing it older.

Okay.

That's why I have to say baby.

Baby, baby, baby, baby is young, baby, but a grand ma.

I think about why someone take their time saying that like that.

That woman does not have many hours left on this earth.

So are you, are you here, Eli, to bring any of us in?

Have you been hired to?

Oh my goodness.

I mean, I just got to ask if I meet a bounty hunter, I'm presuming he's on my tail.

Yeah.

And you would be correct in assuming that I am here for someone on this pod.

Although it is not.

Oh, I hope it's me.

It's not me.

Oh my goodness.

Oh, sorry to disappoint you, Miss Chris, and the moment is in fact, Miss Kelly and Marie Tran.

What?

Ellie.

Who?

Who hired?

Who hired you?

And for how much?

Yeah.

What's the turnabout?

Oh, well, I was going to say hello.

Hello, my name is Eli.

If you see, I'm a bounty hunter.

I was hired by, um, I'm sorry.

I wrote his name down here.

Hire.

Bye.

David Sessnook.

I think he's just a fan.

Wanted me to hunt you down.

Oh, tell him what a good job you did in the Star Wars movies.

Now, if you want me to turn around and tell him what a good job you did.

And the Star Wars movies.

Now, all you got to do is pay me more money than he's paying me for just a hundred dollars.

Just a hundred dollars.

A hundred dollars.

Honestly, I was expecting this one to be much harder than it was.

I did not know you were going to be here.

Oh, wait.

You were just on this show and it's a coincidence?

Yeah.

I mean, you didn't tell me she was going to be here.

I just got an email that said, you want to come on comedy bang bang?

I said, what's this now?

I'll show it.

And then I did.

And what do you know?

So yeah, what a happy accident.

Well, do you want to hire Eli here for at least $101 Kelly in order to tell him what a good job you did in the Star Wars movies?

Listen, I'll pay anyone to tell everyone that I did a good job in the Star Wars movies.

How much do you have?

A hundred dollars is cheap for this.

Yeah.

I need some good publicity.

So I was just.

I saw all those movies.

I love those pew pews and those lasers.

I'll tell you what.

All right.

Well, you know, we are running out of time here.

We only have time for one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

Five, four, three, two, one, give me five plugs.

Give me five plugs.

You're exactly five plugs.

Ooh, that was Gimme Five by Scott Rolf.

Austin, thank you so much to Scott Rolf, for that plugs theme submission.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging?

Kelly, we obviously have Ryan, the last dragon opening not only in theaters this Friday, but also on Disney plus premiere access.

Is that right?

Yes, on March 5th.

Kelly, anything else you want to plug?

I mean, obviously, Ryan, but I would like to plug comedy bang bang between the show, which I also appeared in the Thomas Middle ditch episode.

Yes, of course.

Wonderful.

All right, very good.

Chris Anthemum.

Oh, no, cool up.

You're to the right of me.

What would you like to plug?

I'd like to plug the Add to Cart podcast on Little Lemonade Network.

I co-host with Suchen Pak.

That's right.

And you've been going for a few months at this point and people can find that wherever podcasts are made and sold and distributed.

That's correct, Scott.

I love you so much.

Thank you for having me.

All right, you are quite welcome.

And Chris Anthemum, I love you as well.

What do you want to plug?

Well, boy, if you want a fidget spinner or don't get nervous.

Don't get nervous.

Take a breath.

If you want a fidget spinner or a Venn diagram, please write me a letter and please listen to off book the improvised musical podcast.

Oh, that's right.

That's the podcast hosted by a couple of friends of mine, Jess McKenna and Zach Reno, who they improvise a full musical every week.

As far as I know, but I'm not here to talk about that.

Well, you just plugged it.

Well, sorry, mapper, boom.

Nothing.

It was just I was thinking about just what else I should say.

And I got nervous and that was the first thing that popped.

Real ghost in the room.

Sorry, pops up.

It's now it's not about you off, but the improvised musical podcast.

Get out of here.

It sort of popped in my head like a ghost for sure.

Yeah.

Eli, Eli, the ghost, the ghost bounty hunter.

You should be a ghost hunter.

Yeah.

Like a hunter.

You're not looking for it.

You're not hunting for go.

I'm up to look into if I am a ghost.

Now you get this.

Yeah.

Look at that for the next time that you're here.

Put money in my hand.

See if it turns the goop.

Yeah.

What would you like to plug?

Yeah, you can find me at wordpress.elafusili slash bounties.

You want to start a higher me?

Find you bring someone.

That's a complicated wordpress.elafusili slash bounties.

Okay.

All right.

I've got to build myself is more difficult than you might think.

So anything else you want to plug that's out there?

Well, that's weird.

Just something called off book musical pocket and brand new pocket.

You do?

That's not about seems like that's not what we were talking about this.

I'll just tell off book, the improvised musical podcast.

Get on out of here.

Oh, all right.

Remember, don't say howdy when we end this episode.

You're on notice.

I want to plug, I guess, the between two Ferns movie.

That stars Aquafina too.

So you know, you can have a real night of it on Friday.

You just watch Riah with your kids, then put them to bed, shush them, and say, don't you scream in the night, little ones.

And then watch the between two Ferns movie, flip over to Netflix.

All right.

Let's we're going to close up the old plug bag.

But before we do, we have another remix.

This is by Mitch Stevenson.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

And you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting a little honest.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You got it open up.

Open it up.

Open it up and start to twist.

Open it up.

Open it up and start to twist.

Open it.

Don't mess around with it.

Open it up.

Don't mess around with it.

Don't mess around.

Open it up.

Open that shit.

Very nice.

Thank you, Mitch Stevenson.

I noticed none of these remixers have made it shorter.

They always seem to make it longer.

It'd be interesting to have a remix that just like cut off the last minute of that song.

Guys, I want to thank you so much for being on the show.

Kelly, great to see you again.

I wish you continued success.

I want to write that Disney Plus show for you.

Let's do it.

Cool.

Always great to see you.

Always nice to meet a fan.

Chris Anthemum, good luck to you.

Thanks.

And Eli, this is the true test.

I'm going to say goodbye to you.

And you know what you're supposed to do.

Yeah, I do.

All right.

Goodbye and thank you for being on the show.

I just got.

Oh, you do.

Oh, man.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look at the video.
