---
layout: page
title: 696. Gillian Jacobs, Diona Reasonover, Paul F. Tompkins, Neil Campbell [7695fab6-58d4-4a3f-9eb0-ace50016b5ba].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Red leather, yellow leather, red leather, yellow leather.

This concludes my description of Hulk Hogan's living room.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And for another week, and what a week it is, we have an incredible show coming up for you today.

My name is Scott Ockermann, by the way.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

Coming up a little later, we will have a businessman.

No, not an entrepreneur, a businessman.

That's right.

He has his own business.

He already had the idea.

He has already executed it fully to its full potential.

So a businessman will be coming up a little later.

We also have an art critic.

And that's exciting because I consider this podcast to be art, or at least podcast art.

And they'll be coming up a little later on the show.

But in first position, as they say, and I remember my positions from ballet class first, third, fifth, but in first position, we have, and it's interesting how we usually have entertainers in this first position.

And then we have worse jobs a little later, businessman art critics.

But we have a couple of entertainers.

They look, they're both, you know, veterans of the small screen, but they have decided much like a lot of celebrities these days to intrude upon the podcast scene and try to muscle in on the business of pod over here.

They have a new podcast, which is out now called If Then, and I'll be talking to them about it right about now.

Please welcome to the show back for her.

I'm going to guess 20th appearance, Gillian Jacobs and first time are Deanna Reason over.

Hello.

Hi.

Hi, guys.

Hi, Scott.

Hi again.

Hello.

Sorry.

We're going to break out of this hello, Jane.

Welcome back to the show.

Gilly, always great to see you and hear you.

And look, the other three senses take a breather because that's all I'm doing right now.

Unless you're a ghost, in which case, that sixth sense is working just fine.

What a pleasure to see and hear you as well.

Yes, that's right.

And Deanna, we, of course, have met approximately one time, one time.

Over there on the Comedy Bang Bang television show, you played a disgruntled clerk.

Is that an accurate description of your role on that show?

That absolutely is.

I still have the purple sweater that I wore on the show.

Was this something you bought or you stole it from the costume department that I need to alert Corinne?

Don't tell them.

It looks so good on me.

Please let me keep it.

Now, you guys are, I mentioned veterans of the TV screen.

Gilly, we've seen you on a community and our friend Paul Rust's show, love.

Is that fair to call it his show?

I mean, you guys, it was a two-hander, but he co-created it.

He co-created it and starred in it.

Yeah, it's Paul Rust's love.

Paul Rust's love.

That would be great if his name were above the title.

Everyone's like, who?

Paul Rust.

Paul Rust, of course.

We've also seen you on the silver screen in the Adventures of Bert Wunderstone.

I need to play in front of my credits.

And, Deanna, we have seen you in NCIS recently.

Have you?

Well, I mean, I'm not 80 years old.

All right, all right.

There you go.

That's it.

This is a show that deals with naval crime.

Is that right?

There's apparently rampant amounts of naval crimes happening.

Are there standards of acceptance into the Navy so low that they just are taking wanton criminals?

It's not the Navy.

It's never the Navy.

It's always surrounding the Navy.

Where does the Navy have jurisdiction?

Is it just like within 50 yards of a boat?

What is it?

I'm pretty sure they have land and sea jurisdiction.

Just land and sea.

Oh, yeah.

The Army and Air Force and Marines, they only have the land.

Oh, yeah.

That's the great thing about the Navy is that you think you can dive underwater and commit crime.

You can't because we've got sea jurisdiction as well.

Seems like there's a lot of scenes that take place on docks.

Is that fair to say?

Not as many as there used to be.

You know, COVID is really wreaked to have it on our dock work.

It's been very difficult.

Is everyone just taping it in their houses and splicing the footage?

Are you sure you're trying to get the footage together?

I would love that.

I would absolutely love it.

I have a cat who's constantly begging for attention, so I would love her to appear on screen.

And what parts do you play on this show?

Okay, so let's list the kinds of parts that are on this show.

You have the brash investigator who thinks first.

No, that's first.

Acts first.

Things later.

Yes, not that.

Not me.

Not you.

Okay.

Narcastic co-star who's there to kind of add a quip or two whenever a dead body turns up.

Ooh, very close, but also not me.

And then you have a computer nerd.

Ding dang, you found me.

There we go.

Did the glasses tip you off?

Yeah, absolutely.

Real life nerd in other ways.

Fake TV computer nerd.

I see.

So it's essentially you staring down at a computer for long stretches of time and saying like, the guy ripped off the naval handkerchiefs is outside of the area where we can track him.

Is that essentially what you do?

Well, I feel like I, okay, so she does do some computer work.

I feel like I short changed her and NCIS are going to be ri- fans are going to be really mad because they're going to say, Maggie's the computer nerd.

So I feel like I should have all let you have another guess at exactly who I am.

Oh, okay.

So wait, there's a, there's already a computer nerd.

Yes.

You thought you were a computer nerd.

So you are on a few computers every once in a while.

Yeah, I need computers to do my work, but I wouldn't call it my first.

I would say T person computer technician.

Mm-mm.

Guy who comes in and fixes?

Nope, not yet, not the fixer.

Huh.

Um, you usually have like a brainy person in the lab who's looking at evidence.

Okay, that's me.

Yeah.

That is you.

That's me.

Yes.

Okay.

So you're like pouring, pouring vials out into the sink going, oh, this DNA is old.

Yeah.

This DNA is so old.

I can't tell what it is.

It's too old and corrected.

Someone called bones.

Yeah.

You know what?

One of our writers actually used to work for bones and I did.

The real bones?

The real bones and I several times have asked him to please put a bones joke in the script and he won't do it.

Isn't that weird that David Boryana's if you take out a bunch of the letters in his last name, it spells bones, but he didn't play bones.

Oh, I just had to pause because you blew my mind.

I never thought about that.

Isn't it weird?

Do you think about this a lot?

Hell yeah.

This is the first time it's come up on this show, but it's a daily thing for me.

So you're in the lab.

You're checking out DNA.

They ever investigate.

Remember those three sailors from on the town, Frank Sinatra, Gene Kelly and the other guy?

No.

I'm assuming they had a bunch of crimes when they got shore leave.

Yes.

Yeah, it was a problem.

The Bronx was up and the battery was, but the battery was down.

The battery is down.

They weren't committing battery.

So that was good.

No, yeah, no.

I mean, but just to mention battery, but then they're dancing around with Jerry the Mouse.

That's got to be illegal.

Never seen on the town.

All my theater nerdness is my hackles are up because I've never seen this show and I feel like I'm failing my theater degree.

You got to check it out.

Anyway, you ever be on that NCIS?

Not yet.

Emphasis on yet.

Would you go?

What, like, you're off for only.

I'm imagining when it comes to something like NCIS.

What kind of part would you accept on that?

Ooh, this is such a great question, Scott.

Thank you so much.

I think that perhaps I would like to play.

Hmm.

Ooh, maybe I could be a witness.

Killing, by the way, is looking around like it's a beautiful mind, just looking at the possibilities flashing in front of her face.

So many different types of roles.

You can't see the thought bubbles.

Perhaps a witness.

A witness?

A witness to what?

A naval crime.

I mean, good.

Hey, that's right in their wheelhouse.

Yeah.

Witnesses only get like one scene.

Oh, that's a spin-off with you.

Well, usually a witness.

Okay, here's, I think, the formula for these shows.

Go to the obvious culprit first.

Okay.

They say, I was never even there.

Find out a piece of evidence that places them at the scene.

Okay.

Go back to the person.

I was there, but not for the reason that I lied because I'm actually having an affair and I didn't want it to come out.

Uh-huh.

I was there, but I didn't do it.

Uh-huh.

Then it's pointing towards someone that they, all of the evidence finally points to, and then it comes back around the first person actually did it.

Oh, really?

Yeah, actually.

Yeah.

You can do NCIS Burbank.

I think that you can officially write that.

If you want.

So who am I?

Am I the person?

Yeah, you're the person.

Oh, look.

You're going to be the biggest star on the episode.

Who, whomever is the biggest star on the episode always did it because they want that juicy scene at the end where they're like, oh, yeah, of course I did it.

You got me.

Okay.

That'll do that.

Sure.

I thought, oh, I thought the ocean would wash all the DNA away.

Yes.

Great.

That's me.

That's totally you.

Can I hear a little bit of that monologue?

Okay.

Sure.

Um, is this my, this is the final monologue?

Third.

I'm a monologue where they're, they're about to slap the Navy cuffs on you.

I don't know whether you have different equipment.

Yeah.

I was going to say, they're ice.

They just freeze them.

All right.

You got me.

Thought I could get away with it.

Thought the water would wash away the evidence.

Thought you'd never figure it out.

Thought I erased all the tapes.

But those darn forensic scientists got me just when I thought I got away with it.

Is that it?

Yeah, that was pretty good.

All right.

Not bad.

That was it.

What if we added a level to it where I'm not quite sure who your character is, not McGee, McGee adjacent who, Deanna, who's, what's the name of your character?

Casey.

Is that a K and a C or is that C-A-S-E-Y?

That's K-A-S-I-E.

Okay.

Now they're just getting tricky with this.

Okay.

But say your, say your Casey's best friend.

Oh, no.

Betrayal.

Okay, try to add that wrinkle there.

Now you're talking to Casey is the one who actually uncovered the crime because she was in her lab.

She like was in her home lab.

And you left a piece of evidence in your room or like in the fridge in the common area.

You want a little lead in for you, you really?

Please, please.

Okay.

Marta.

How could you do it?

Casey.

I can't believe this.

I knew you were a forensic genius, but I didn't know you were this smart.

I had to.

You don't understand.

I had to.

They were after me and they said if I didn't do it, then they were going to get me.

And I thought I've learned so much from you as my best friend that I knew all the tricks, how I could get a waiver.

But I didn't realize that you had new forensic technology that would catch me.

Oh, no.

Take her away, Poseidon.

Then he rises from the deep.

Of course.

He has the ultimate jurisdiction over the sea, of course, as we know.

Stabs you in the butt with that little pitchfork.

Oh, ow.

Wow.

Was that good Scott?

Powerful.

You got the job as far as I'm concerned.

Oh my goodness.

Um, so is that enough fancy?

I asked talk.

I know you guys wanted to talk about this.

Gillian, what do you think?

I think we did it.

Yeah, I think so.

I feel like I learned a lot and I got to improvise two monologues.

That's an actor's dream.

Mm-hmm.

Did you do that in Juilliard ever?

Did you have to improvise monologues or did you?

No, no, no, no.

They did not condone improvising ever.

It was antithetical to my training.

What was I, you know, I thought about auditioning for Juilliard once or twice.

What was like the hardest part of it?

What's the most fun part of it?

The hardest part of it was probably that the faculty didn't think I was very good and almost kicked me out.

I do remember.

How did they let you know that?

Were they like holding their nose and waving the air while you acted or?

You know, some choice quotes stay with you your whole life.

Like, you do well for someone with no natural talent.

I'll never forget.

I'm natural talent.

I'll never forget being told that.

They also let me know when they placed me on probation my sophomore year and said, if you don't improve, we will kick you out of the school at the end of your sophomore year.

Well, why were you not improving?

Because normally someone is put on probation because they're acting out or breaking rules.

It's just bad acting.

Mine was purely for bad acting.

Mine was like, we don't think you're very good.

We're rethinking this admitting you to the school.

Wow.

How did you get in?

What was your audition?

I did.

Or is it just you paid to get in?

The almighty dollar.

I, you have to do two monologues, much like, you know, classical and modern.

Classical and contemporary, yes.

Hopefully they'd like a drama and a comedy and then you have to sing a song, a cappella.

16 bars or so?

Yes, roughly, I'd say.

Okay.

And what was your classical?

Yeah.

My classical was from a Midsummer Night's Dream.

Mm.

Were you Titania?

Yes.

Okay.

A song about Bicea.

What?

Nothing.

I don't remember the play that well, I guess.

So you gave a dynamite audition somehow.

Somehow.

And then after that, it just regressed from there.

Yes.

They, they thought it was quite bad in a production of the play Broadway.

I got very poor reviews from my teachers after that.

Well, I mean, that play, to be honest, like, you can't just call your play the thing that you want it to go to, where you want it to play.

You know what I mean?

Yes, that's true.

But that's not what they were critiquing.

They were critiquing me as an actor.

And they thought I was very bad in movement class, very bad in movement class.

We were supposed to, we had an assignment that we were supposed to conduct a piece of music in movement class.

So we were all chose a piece of music and then we performed it.

And we were supposed to rehearse this.

And as everyone started to go before me, I realized, oh, what they meant was like, move around in a dancey, move it way.

And I just stood up there.

You just stood there conducting.

Waving your arms up and down.

They didn't like that.

Like Mickey and Fantasia.

And they didn't like that at all.

Got into a lot of trouble for that.

Because they thought you were fucking with them or?

I just think they thought.

Did you just say like, no, I'm stupid.

I'm not bad.

I'm stupid.

I wanted to do well so badly.

And I think they also didn't like that.

They said that I had terrible posture.

I remember that was a big, big problem.

They really wanted me to.

Like when you were walking around the halls or during.

Yes, I got yelled at.

I remember coming into a room and the teacher saying, I don't ever want to see you walking like that again.

That was another one.

I'll never forget.

So they didn't like the way I walked.

Who knew this about Juilliard?

What a bunch of stodgy old dicks.

It was not very fun.

I've heard they've gotten a lot nicer.

But when I was there, it was not very fun at all.

So when you asked me what was the most fun, it's a graduating.

Your teachers, when you graduated, did they say something to you like, we never thought we'd see this ever happen?

I do remember my senior year I was in a play and two of the acting teachers there, one of them said to the three of us were standing there.

One acting teacher said to the other acting teacher, wasn't she good in that?

And the second acting teacher replied finally.

With me standing right there.

So I guess.

Are these people still employed?

One of them has passed away, but the other one I do believe is still employed.

Yes.

I do also remember that there was a guest teacher my senior year and we all had to do monologues for him.

And he was nice to me and I started crying because of this.

Wow.

What an incredible and four years of this or four years, I, you know, you're a stronger person than I.

I wouldn't have been able to do that.

That's.

It was also scary because none of your credits transfer.

So if they had kicked me out at the end of my sophomore year, I'd have nothing.

Yes.

That is, that's what a terrible situation and you came out of it and like a phoenix from the ashes, you suddenly became so much more successful than any of your classmates.

Is that about right?

No, I wouldn't say that.

But I, I think just the fact that I've ever been employed as an actor, it gives me great sense of satisfaction after my time there.

Well, it's an amazing American success story.

All, you know, all you need is no natural talent.

Yes.

Terrible.

And it looks, I guess.

Is that, is that what catapulted you?

You know, okay, so here's another thing is that Juilliard, the voice and speech training, is training you to essentially sound like Kelsey Grammar.

That's.

If you're not on Fraser after your four years, you have done something wrong.

Kevin Klein, Kelsey Grammar, sort of voice.

And I thought, I don't think I'll ever work in film and television if I talk like that.

So I do also think they didn't like me because I purposefully never did my voice and speech homework and maybe they sensed that.

Yeah.

So, well, I mean, that stuff's good for, you know, being in the works of the immortal bard.

Sure.

Willy Shakespeare, of course, I'm talking about out, out damn spots.

Time is just a brief candle, all that kind of stuff.

But you know, I mean, there's not a lot of movies made where people are talking, you know, with that booming over-anunciation voice.

Oh, yes.

I remember one of my first auditions out of college, the casting director said, we have to wash the stench of Juilliard off of you.

So.

Yeah.

Is it because you tried that conducting thing?

It's your position.

So confused.

Well, I think we've discussed everything you guys wanted to come to talk about.

Is that right?

Yep.

Or we did NCIS in Juilliard.

Yeah.

Oh, wait a minute.

No, wait a minute.

You guys are doing something together.

Is that right?

Correct.

We are.

You guys are doing a podcast called If Slash Then.

Although, Deanna, you were saying before the show, Take the Slash Out, which is what Axel Rose did for a number of years with Guns N' Roses.

Is that right?

Oh, yes.

Yeah.

It's just pronounced If That.

So tell me about this show.

I have listened to an approximately 120 second long trailer about it.

But why don't you explain it to the listeners and to myself?

Well, it's a podcast.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah.

Start.

Yeah.

Start on a macro level.

Wait, is this on planet Earth?

Um, zoom out.

Zoom out.

Okay.

All right.

Radio waves.

Oh, okay.

No, RTF.

Deanna is probably better at describing it succinctly than I am.

I want to hear it.

I'm excited.

Oh, okay.

Um, it's a show.

And.

Sorry.

Jumping.

Oh, no, please don't die.

Please don't die at my show.

Um, and we, we, we, we, we speak to people who.

I'm sorry.

We speak to people who work in the world of STEAM, that science, technology, engineering, arts and mathematics.

And we talk to them about their work, their interests.

And we, we learn together.

Yeah.

Gillian had this really awesome idea a few months back where she was like, let's get a show together that really highlights innovative people that are interesting and cool and that also happened to be women and people of color in the STEAM fields.

Let's get them together.

We're still learning.

We're both very nerdy, but don't know a whole lot about a science or tech or math.

And so in this way, we're kind of learning together.

It's really fun so far.

Wow.

What is an alternate title?

Could it be called the two dumb shits?

Yeah.

I mean, comparatively.

I don't know what alternate title I thought you were going to propose, but that one really caught me out guard.

And now I really like it.

But that sounds like it would be fun.

I mean, you basically look, I try to learn as much as I can from my guests, but it always seems like we have something about our booking person always books these eccentric oddballs if I'm being nice about it.

And I don't end up learning that much about it, but it must be nice to come out the other side of a podcast, you know, because usually when you hear these podcasts where they're talking to celebrities, it's like, God, who gives a shit, right?

But like you're talking to people who are actually affecting the world for the better.

It's interesting through this podcast.

I really don't know a whole lot, but I've learned a lot about Gillian's interest and she has a lot of knowledge about like birds and insects and a lot of really cool scientific knowledge.

And I think we're just having a chance to expand on that.

Well, Gillian, you're a naturally curious person.

It seems like you never opened up those acting books, but about other subjects.

Everything else I was very curious about.

Yes.

Who and you know, how is this show booked because these people don't have PR agents, I would imagine, you know, how do you find the people?

Yes.

Well, we have two incredible producers, Tamika Weatherspoon and Kimmy Lucas, and they have really helped us so much in terms of shaping the show, finding the people.

And so they have, I mean, we've gotten to speak to an astronaut to, whoa.

That's amazing.

Yes.

And are they in space while you were talking to them?

Not currently, but may be returning to space in the next few years.

Oh.

Yes.

And so it's been a combination of, you know, interest that Diana and I have had and then guests that are producers have found.

And I like the show as, as, as Yana said that we aren't steam professionals, but we have an interest in curiosity.

And so hopefully, you know, you don't have to know really anything about these professions or these areas of study.

You just have to have an interest in curiosity and hopefully people will enjoy listening to our show.

You ever talked to anyone about 3D printing?

Hmm.

I want to know about that.

I haven't passed, but not on the podcast.

Did you?

Yeah.

Is that your pitch?

Yeah.

I want to know about that.

Great.

Anything specifically about it?

I don't know.

What is it?

They just squirt a bunch of stuff out.

Sure.

Sounds like it.

So we're a couple weeks deep into this that you have a couple episodes out.

If then is the show, people can find it anywhere podcasts are sold.

You're selling your podcast, right?

Of course.

50 Cent's pop.

Great.

And do people enter if slash then?

Slash then.

No spaces.

You got it.

Wow.

Well, this is incredible.

And is this a limited series or is it a continuing thing you guys are going to do until the end of time or what?

Question mark.

I didn't mark.

Decided yet.

We could enter it for a limited series for an Emmy.

I think we can't.

Sure.

They should give Emmys to podcasts, shouldn't they?

Yes.

You know what I mean?

Yes.

I do know what you mean.

I know exactly what you mean.

In fact.

Okay.

Thank you.

Should they give- Is that how you act on your show, by the way?

I'm not on a show.

Your podcast, I mean.

Oh, oh, oh.

I know exactly what you mean.

Yes.

When I could tell you, obviously, I have no idea.

No.

Yes.

I nod.

Mm-hmm.

No, but I mean, I understood the sentence.

You said they should give Emmys to podcasts.

And I thought, I know what an Emmy is.

And I know what a podcast is.

And I understand the current- Currents and there that maybe I have no idea about, but- Currently, you can't win an Emmy for a podcast.

So Scott's saying, what if you could win an Emmy for a podcast, then Scott would probably be a multiple Emmy winner.

Well, not at this point.

I feel like, you know, there are several other celebrities who have come in here and taken over the game.

People much like yourselves who are on TV shows who decided, hey, I want podcast money too.

Mm-hmm.

So, you know, I understand.

I'm past my prime, perhaps.

But you know, who's not past their primes is Gillian Jacobs and Deanna Reasonover who have the show If Then, which is out now.

And we have to take a break if that's all right.

When we come back, we'll have a businessman.

So this, I mean, now, this is- You have a little bit of training with your podcast, talking to people whose jobs you don't know that much about.

This man is very different than entertainer and actor.

You know, I'm sure their day-to-day routine is quite different.

So hopefully you can get into the mindset of asking inquisitive questions about this person.

Well, I hope so.

We'll see.

Who knows?

Do you feel a little more confident about your abilities?

Well, I'm intimidated, but we'll try.

By a businessman?

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, we'll see.

When we come back, we will be talking to the aforementioned businessman.

A little later, we have an art critic.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

We have Gillian Jacobs and Deanna Reasonover here.

If then the podcast and they were about to talk to a businessman, have you been thinking about your questions during the break?

Mm-hmm.

Good.

We've had him on the show a few times.

I can't remember what his business is called, but he is more commonly known as the Smooth Criminal.

Mm-hmm.

Please welcome back to the show, Allie Peterson.

Scott, thank you for having me back on the show.

It's a pleasure to see you again.

It's a pleasure to have you.

Nice.

Yeah.

Well, this is Gillian, this is Deanna.

Hello, ladies.

How do you do?

On shot tag?

That's better now.

Thank you.

So that's those low rumbles are having an effect on...

...my other guests' sell.

People do enjoy my voice.

It's true.

They don't...

I think it compensates for my appearance, which of course is somewhat grotesque, as I am completely hairless.

What?

Well, Allie Peterson suffers...

You step into the light.

Oh, my.

Yes, as you can see, I am completely hairless.

You'll have to think my mood for it.

Why are you nude?

To prove my point.

Okay, well, you've proven it.

Please put on some cargo shorts.

All right.

I will put on, and you request, some cargo shorts.

I'm going to tank top, maybe at least.

I do not have a tank top.

I can put on the hoodie.

Thank you very much.

Al, you suffer from the ailments commonly known as alopecia.

Is that correct?

Well, that is actually not true.

If you'll recall, Scott, I faked alopecia to get out of a long-term relationship.

That's right.

I'm sorry.

I've forgotten already.

So I have shaven myself from head to toe, and I continue to do so out of respect for a love lost.

So there's no current reason why you should be doing this, because you faked the relationship with...

What was her name again?

I did not fake the relationship.

I faked the illness to get out of the relationship.

Yes, I...

Okay, quick summation.

I know that, Scott, you need this every time.

I was in a locked her relationship with my college sweetheart, Carla Firth.

I got cold feet when it seemed that we'd been together long enough that the marriage question was going to come up.

And so in a terrible, terrible fit of misjudgment, I assumed that she would break up with me if she discovered I had alopecia.

But I misjudged Carla Firth.

She's a bigger person than that.

She's not a shallow person.

So I had to face my own stupidity, frankly, and leave the relationship with, unfortunately, her favorite hoodie.

And she has been hunting me to this day.

But in the meantime, I have helped other people get out of tricky situations by means of my business, which is, of course, to help you fake your own death.

So you help people fake their deaths, not alopecia.

Did you start having people fake alopecia first?

No, but if you'll recall, step one in faking your own death is you shave your entire body.

Except the anus, is that right?

Except you retain the hair around your anus to keep some sense of your own identity private to yourself.

Sure.

Yes.

So that is step one and then step two and three and everything we've all we've gone through many, many times.

Fake passports, fake drivers, life and all that stuff.

But you must, must, must shave your entire body first.

Right.

Can we go backwards a little bit to the romance with Carla Firth?

Do you have any questions about that, Gillian or Deanna?

You're currently wearing the hoodie without a shirt on underneath.

That's right.

I just want to ask the feeling of it.

It doesn't feel like I'm having her on my flesh.

Yes, of course.

No, no, no.

I was going to ask the feeling of a zipper.

I really took the gun there.

Do you dislike the feeling of a zipper just on your sternum without a shirt there?

I like, I actually enjoy the cold sensation.

I enjoy the warmth of the hoodie with that one thin line of cold on my sternum, especially because I'm hairless.

It's the sort of pleasure-pain principle.

Aren't you worried that the smell of Carla Firth is no longer going to be on the hoodie if you wear it next to your bare skin?

Oh, I see what you're saying, Scott.

I see what you're saying, what you're wrong.

Your scent.

Because I am completely hairless, her scent is retained in the hood.

Smell is on the hair.

It's relating this cure once done.

I'm a little confused about timeline here.

Sure.

You were in the relationship and then you started faking Alopecia.

That's what, did you do it suddenly?

Did you gradually shave?

Was it a subtle?

It was extremely suddenly.

I shaved one night.

She was asleep, crept into the bathroom.

I shaved my entire body, standing over the toilet so all the hair would go down.

I could flush it easily.

And I crept back into bed and waited for her to discover.

Well, she's a heavy sleeper.

And so in the morning I had to shout, oh no, I seem to have contracted Alopecia overnight.

This all grew up.

And she...

Oh, it woke her up.

It woke her up and she immediately professed sympathy and wanted to take care of me.

And I realized, oh no, I have made a grave mistake.

And so she went into the bathroom to see if there were any sort of anti-Alopecia unguins or sabs that we had in the medicine cabinet.

And I took that opportunity to grab the first piece of clothing available, her hoodie, and jump out the window.

So you defenestrated?

I did.

Oh my goodness.

I used the hoodie as a sort of parachute.

Did you wrap it around your fist to break the glass open or did you?

I'd just open the window.

Why would I?

Oh, I see.

Oh, yeah.

What carlover to knock at the deposit back on the apartment?

Have you ever found yourself in another relationship?

I have forbidden myself to be in other relationships.

I've come close and of course I've had one million one night stands.

The one million.

I mean, that's a rough estimate and it's a guesstimate.

How long have you been away from carlover?

Well, let's see.

That happened when I was 25.

I am now...

I'm a little years old.

Forgive my vanity.

But about 50?

About that, yeah.

Okay.

Can I ask, where do you advertise your services?

I advertise my services, of course, on the dark web that still growed.

The Penny Saver.

Miskinnexions.

Very carefully worded, Miskinnexions.

Have you ever gotten any of those one night stands out of that accidentally?

Most of my one night stands are people misreading the artfully worded Miskinnexions.

Can we hear one?

Can we hear one of...

Sure.

Yes.

You wanting to fake your own death.

The guy who could do it.

I mean, that's intriguing.

As far as I'm concerned, I would call it up.

Suddenly, just things happen and your bodies are tangled up.

I get it.

Yeah.

Wow.

One time I was able to have a one night stand with a woman who was also completely hairless by choice.

It was a magical night.

Wow.

I just want to say that.

Two completely hairless mole rat-like bodies sliding together.

It seems aerodynamic.

It was aerodynamic.

It's the fastest sex of ever.

There are like three seconds and you're done.

It was extremely efficient.

Like cucumbers mingling in a bowl.

With all that, please, Yada.

You're getting me all worked up over here.

Wow.

And, and, and, Carla Fuhrer.

How did she get that name?

Aren't you interested in that, Gilean, Indiana?

I think I may have told you this before.

I'm not sure.

It's not ringing any bells.

Carla Fuhrer, the name comes from both her parents' names, Carl and Jennifer.

They named her Carla Fuhrer.

And I thought it was a, although I loved Carla Fuhrer to the moon and back, I thought I was a criminal.

But did you though?

I did.

The problem was, Gilean, I didn't love myself enough.

Mmm.

Have you ever written a song about your feelings of guilt and remorse?

All the time.

Gilean, I feel like we were going to get to the bottom of this Carla Fuhrer thing.

So sorry.

Which might be my favorite part.

It's funny.

It seems that most people are not as interested as you are, Scott, in the origin of Carla Fuhrer's name.

I feel like we, we figured it out though, right?

Combining the parents' names.

There you go, Carla Jennifer.

That's it.

That's a clumsy poor Manto.

And you told them as much.

Well I told Carla, Carla Fuhrer's father.

This was early at, and please Scott, stop me if you've heard the story before.

This was early in our relationship and Carla Fuhrer invited me to her parents' house for dinner.

And I was meeting them for the first time.

Carla was a spineless, nibbling worm.

Jennifer was a vermouth drunk.

She was an alcoholic, but only with vermouth.

She was in the kitchen probably on her third bottle of vermouth of the night.

May I ask?

I'm sorry.

What is vermouth?

Vermouth is a mixer commonly used in martinis.

You pour it out a lot.

There's a low amount of alcohol.

Yeah.

So you have to drink quite a bit.

Quite a bit to get drunk.

But she developed a taste for it.

She certainly did in the most terrible way possible.

Dry or sweet?

I think for her, Zany, as long as it's a long way to the end.

If it ends in mouth, put it in my mouth.

Vermouth, mouth, mouth.

So I was stuck in a living room with Carla as, Carla Fuhrer was upstairs getting ready for dinner, making herself even more beautiful as if that were possible.

And I remember saying to Carla shaking his hand.

Shaking his hand and saying, Carla Fuhrer is a clumsy poor friend.

I was doing so.

I was forcing him to crouch before me by the sheer force of my handshake.

And he thanked me for telling you I was a clumsy poor friend.

Like the sniveling worm you were.

Like the sniveling worm he was.

Wow.

An incredible story.

You've heard 100 times.

I mean, it's amazing.

I'm sorry, Gillian.

I'm sorry.

I was just, I can't believe.

How long do worms normally live?

Sometimes if a worm is sniveling and cowardly, they escape detection and they live a long time.

Isn't that right?

It's very true.

If sniveling worms only knew that if they were chopped in half, they could have a friend.

Wow, that's beautiful.

I would love to see that.

It's one of the songs I wrote for Carla Fuhrer.

Now, can I hear the song, Scott, please?

Yes, please.

I'd love to hear it.

Okay, this one, this is not the first song I wrote for Carla Fuhrer, but it's the one that comes back to me the most.

And I wrote this when I was 26 years old.

Did you ever make a choice that you regretted from the very first moment you realized?

You were having one of the best things to happen and then you walk out and you open your eyes.

Now you know what it's like to feel pain.

Now you know what it's like.

Now you know what it's like to feel pain.

Better get on your bike and help people too.

Fake their deaths, yeah.

For people too.

Fake their deaths.

Yeah, people too.

Fake their deaths and then maybe you can put out the fire inside of your mind.

Wow, wow, wow, wow.

Weird reaction to a very sad song.

But you know what?

Music moves us.

That moves with me.

Yeah, it moves us.

That's true, Deanna.

Alar, your primary influences TV theme songs.

Yes.

Carla Fuhrer, played by Gillian Jacobs.

Oh, I would love to see you star in the biopic of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, of, I never, never, never occurred to me to make a movie of my life story, but I suppose people would find it maybe vaguely interesting, my story.

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean, Gillian, you could play Carla Fuhrer and Deanna, you could play, you know, Why not?

Why not?

You can snivel.

Great.

Deanna, shall we act out the scenario of my first meeting with Carl?

Puh, please.

I would love it.

So here's the scene.

I come to the door, I ring the doorbell.

Carla Fuhrer welcomes me in and says, I'll just be a minute.

I'll just be a minute.

Pretty good.

Who am I going to be?

You're in the kitchen.

You're, you're, you're Jennifer.

You're drunk on Vogue.

We don't hear you or see you.

So here's the idea, Gillian.

You are, you are a Carla Fuhrer.

You welcome me in.

You say you're just going to go upstairs and then you're going to leave me alone with your father.

I'm just going to go upstairs and leave you alone.

Oh, okay.

Now it starts.

I'm just going to leave you alone and...

Dang.

Okay.

Hold on a second.

I'm not, I'm not continually ringing the doorbell.

You do have to...

Oh.

Do you, do you...

Oh, I have to say all my actions.

Did you hear the previous segment, L.A. Peterson, by the way, where she was talking about her problems at acting school?

You know, he should have gone as Julia, the easiest acting school there is.

I opened the door.

I see.

No, you don't have to be...

Oh.

What do you want?

Oh, hello.

Oh, oh, oh, hello, darling.

Cut, cut, cut, cut.

What's, what's, what's, just take it from the beginning.

Okay.

And action.

Ding dong.

Errr.

Hello, darling.

I'll, I'll dress with dinner.

Someone fix that door.

No, we do, we do not see you or hear Jennifer at all.

She was concerned about that squeaky door.

No, I got your motivation, but it's...

You love Big Rogue with my door?

Oh, look, it's my father, Carl.

I'll be upstairs dressing for dinner.

Well, you're leaving me alone with your father for the very first time?

You can handle it, darling.

You're such an imposing authoritative figure with such a quick wit and what a brain.

I love everything about you.

My darling, my dear, my heart, my soul, my everything.

Oh, god, I've...

She brought her to life a little too well.

What a pang in my heart.

Here, you can stay in it, man.

Stay in it, say in it.

I have to continue after continue.

Yes, thank you, dear.

Hi.

Oh, god, just hearing his voice.

What a worm.

Hello, Carl.

Your...

Carl, if his father, I assume?

Shirel, but...

I used to meet you.

By the way, my name is redacted, of course.

Oh, that's right.

Allay Peterson is not your real name.

That is my real name.

Of course, that's my criminal name, my criminal nom de crime.

Dude.

Carl, something I'd like to tell you now that we've finally met for the first time.

Sure, Eddie, big.

First of all, put her there.

Oh, you're head.

Be crushed.

Listen to me, you sniveling worm.

You okay?

Carlifer, it's a clumsy portmanteau.

You're right.

Oh, and...

And?

Thank you for it.

I'm right, and...

I'm big, you.

Sorry.

That's right.

There you go.

Darling, I'm dressed!

Carlifer comes down the stairs and what a vision she is.

Singing her down the stairs song as she always does.

Father!

Lover!

Shall we die?

Yes.

Although I'm already full of love.

Wow, so, and is the scene called or are you guys still in it?

And cut.

Great job, everyone.

Wow.

How many business questions for me?

I know we've talked about my personal life.

Yeah, well, I know you're here as a business person.

You know, you have...

What is your business called, by the way?

My business does not have an official name, but there's a little nickname that I call it that I've never spoken aloud.

Isn't that funny?

It's always been in my head, but I wouldn't mind sharing it with you right now.

Please, yeah, I would love to hear it.

Shaved to grave.

Mmm.

Is that like too fast, too furious, where it's a two instead of a T.O.?

No, it's a T.O.

Oh, okay.

Why would it be a two?

I don't know.

It's like a second life for these people.

Mmm, now you got me thinking.

I mean, T.O. is like that short for Torello, but that doesn't say anything about your business.

It's also short for Time Out, which is sort of what you're taking.

That's true.

Oh, gosh.

So, I'm not sure.

It's kind of six to one half dozen of the other.

In any event, I'm just thinking it.

I'm not seeing it written out in my head.

I'm sorry.

Is your name L.A.?

L.A.L.

Middle initial A. Peterson.

So, you came on to talk about your business.

What's going on with your business now?

Just still doing it.

Oh, really?

Yep.

Still doing it.

If anyone wants...

There's no new wrinkles.

No, no new wrinkles.

None taken.

If anyone has any need to fake their own death, then I'm here to help you fake it.

How many clients do you get in a calendar year or in a fiscal year?

I'll take either one.

I would say probably 300.

Wow.

So, you're working almost every day to take 65 days off.

Absolutely.

About one day a week.

Yes.

Wow.

Yes.

That's a lot of...

One day a week?

Well, when you love what you do, you never work a day in your life.

I love helping people fake their own deaths.

What part do you love the most about it?

Is it just shaving?

Yeah, I think it's shaving people.

I think it's...

Because you do that yourself.

Your hands on when it comes to that aspect.

I do...

I do 99% of the body and then there's obviously certain personal areas I let the person shave themselves, but I am standing there watching and taking photos.

Gosh, where does all that hair go?

What do you do with that?

Well, it all goes down the toilet.

I make them stand on the toilet.

Oh, sure.

While I show them.

Recreating your process.

You don't fix it.

And I will shave them.

I don't keep the pictures.

I give them the pictures.

Oh, why would you take them in the first place then?

So they can symbolically burn the pictures?

Oh, this makes sense.

Because all the hair go on the toilet.

And that's not as dramatic.

Flushing a toilet is not as dramatic as burning a photo.

It seems like they could symbolically burn their hair and that sort of eliminated step.

But the smell, the smell.

The smell.

Sure.

Because the hair is what smells.

I look like you're on fire.

The smell is in the hair.

So you're looking for new clients, essentially.

Even though you have, it seems like almost more work than you can handle.

Yes, but I would say if you have any reason to fake your own death, please come to me.

Gillian, Deanna, do you have any reason to fake your own death?

I mean, maybe you want to get out of a podcast that you agreed to that suddenly you'll find out your way in over your head.

Yeah, I just, I had one question.

Yes.

Since you are wrestling with these feelings of guilt and remorse all the time, do you ever feel like your clients then experience similar feelings?

Or are their circumstances so different from yours that that is not something that they then deal with?

Do they, do they keep in touch with you?

Has there ever been a client that you've kept in touch with because you sort of liked them and then suddenly they faked their death to get out of being your friend?

Yes, that has happened.

And it's mortifying, of course.

There was a guy named Malcolm Jerry.

Seinfeld?

I will not call him Jerry Seinfeld.

All right, all right, too bad.

I will call him Jerry Orbach.

And he actually has his past on.

Has he?

Oh, what?

It's Jerry Orbach.

I held Jerry Orbach Vegas.

Sorry, I don't know.

Who's Jerry Orbach?

He's on your competitor show, Law and Order.

No, no, no, no, that one's been canceled.

The original Law and Order is no longer on the air.

Yes, Jerry Orbach, the wonderful Broadway star.

Sure.

He was in the original production of Chicago.

And the Fantastics, of course.

Yes.

He was tired of people yelling, Hey, let him brisco at him on the streets.

And he asked me to help fake his own death.

Now I was a huge fan, of course.

And shaving his real creamed head.

And on her?

And on her end of tragedy.

And I guess I was a little starstruck.

And I did try to keep in touch with him.

And after a while, I heard that his false identity had died.

And I thought, hmm, this is even though he's an elderly man, this is very suspicious to me.

Diana, do you have any questions?

That's the sort of question someone asks when they don't have any questions.

I am curious about this one small patch of hair that you have retained.

Do you feel like it really has helped you maintain a sense of yourself?

Forgive me, Diana, but no one's ever asked me that before.

And it's been unexpectedly emotional.

Oh, sorry.

Sorry about that.

No, no, no.

You don't have to apologize for your question.

Yeah.

I think I'm the person that says that's got.

Wow.

So it asks me a very personal question.

I think it's on me saying you're a topologist, not for a third party.

Diana, yes, I sometimes feel as I'm shaving other people's bodies as I am reflecting upon what I have done and how it's led me here.

I have to cling to that ring of hair around my anus as a lifesaver, frankly.

It's shaped like one.

Sure.

It is one.

It's shaped like both lifesavers, like the...

The candy.

The nautical lifesaving device and the candy.

Sure.

By the way, Diana, how often do the lifesavers come into play on NCIS?

Are you always like throwing them at people?

You know, we haven't had any lifesaver scenes, but I will think of this.

Just like capture someone, like, you know, throw four on someone and go, yes, just pin their arms to their sides.

Sure.

Make them walk like a penguin in a comical fashion.

Yeah, sure.

Would you like to be on NCIS, L.A. Peterson?

Where I like to peel an NC.

Yeah.

I mean, Diana's given out parts.

She's going to give a part to Gilly in here.

Well, no one's ever asked about my acting ambitions.

I mean, I don't have any natural acting talent, but I am good-looking.

Other than, you know, how horrible you look right now because of the fake Dalapisha.

True, but if you focus on my features, just you have excellent bone structure.

Yeah, incredibly symmetrical.

I do have a well-shaped skull, despite it being completely hairless.

I'm built like a brick-shit house.

That's one part of your whole deal that we never talk about all that much.

We don't really talk about it, but I am Jack.

You are Jack.

You are Swole.

I'm Yoked and Swole.

And I wish I could show you photos of my cheat meals because they make your eyes pop.

Well, if you want to put out your pitch for your business here, how people can contact you, feel free.

Thank you very much, Scott.

Are they onto you?

How are your days numbered?

Do you need to escape?

Hi, I'm L.A. Peterson.

Let me shave your entire body.

Give me some false documents and you can start your new life.

Look for my ad in the Penny Saver in Miss Connections and on NPR's Wait, Wait, Don't Tell me.

All right.

Well, if any of you out there need that, make sure to hit L.A.

up.

We need to take a break.

L.A.

Up.

L.A. up.

Wait, L.A.

Peterson.

It's like chicken all-out king, isn't it?

I think it's if you think of Alipisha, think of Alipisha.

Yeah, it may sound a lot like Alipisha, which should give you...

Almost as if it's a parody of it.

Was that your intention when you thought of this?

I wonder if I should have called myself Al O' Peterson.

Maybe.

That's too late now.

We're worth four years deep into this.

It's Alipha Peterson, it's canon.

Yep.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll be talking to an art critic.

That's very exciting.

A critic who has critiqued some of your art.

Who do you mean to me for a very long time?

Who knows?

It felt like a very long time.

Especially a picturing someone in my head waiting to be able to talk and just see...

Don't worry about that.

Just seeing in my mind.

Just seeing that waiting and waiting and waiting.

Nah, he's fine.

We'll be right back.

When we come back, we'll be talking to an art critic.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

We have Gillian Jacobs and Deanna Reason over of If Then The Podcast, which is out now.

We also have Al A. Peterson of Shave to Grave.

That is an unofficial title.

Merely in his head, he has not even spelled it out in his head.

That's great.

He's just thinking of the sounds of the words together.

I did, I am.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is an art critic.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, Aleister Brown.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

My pleasure.

This is Gillian.

Oh, are you getting a round of applause?

I guess critics are not used to that.

Not really.

No.

You're used to giving those out though to art that you like.

Is that right?

Sure.

Yes, I offer kudos.

Right?

Right.

And if you were to go see a Broadway play that's customary to clap at the end of those.

Certainly.

Yes, I know that breaks as well.

I don't know if that's the type of art that you cover.

No, I specialize in the visual arts and painting.

Oh.

I thought maybe I'd come on your program and talk about some of my favorite paintings.

Some of your listeners could learn a thing or two about art.

All right.

So we've cleared the table and now we're all set for the meal that is Aleister Brown.

So I'll describe a painting.

Your listeners can Google it, look up an image and I'll sort of talk about it a bit.

Oh, okay.

So do you want us to Google things while you're talking?

Sure.

Yes, unless you're driving.

Okay.

And if you're okay.

So if you first let's get a start.

Paul Cezanne's a boy in a red vest.

I'm picturing it right now.

If you get Cezanne's boy in a red vest.

Boy.

I'm picturing a little boy and he's wearing a red vest.

Yes.

And if you look at this painting, one thing you may notice about it is that the use of color is rather good.

Yeah.

I mean, it is very striking.

He's using some brighter colors that one does not normally see.

Yes, it's rather good.

I agree.

Yes.

Moving on.

Perhaps we could talk about moving on to a different painting.

Yes.

I was going to talk about Van Gogh's.

We'd field with crows.

Okay.

If you look up, we'd field with crows.

One thing and not many people always pick up on this, but if you'll notice the brushwork in it is rather good.

Okay.

The meaning his strokes, his...

Yes.

How long they are.

The...

No other way to put it.

Rather good.

Okay.

Well, hold on now.

Wait a minute.

Now, we'd field is actually a series of paintings.

It's not just one.

Yes, but the first one you see, the brushwork is rather good.

Okay.

Should we compare Van Gogh to Cezanne?

He says on had a much different style because he was a post-impressionist.

That's true.

Yeah.

And his use of color...

Well, that was one thing they have in common.

His use of color and his brushwork are both...

Can only be put as good, rather.

So they don't have it in common.

Their brushwork is not something they have in common.

No, just the quality...

The quality of their two things.

Much like in a Frida Kahlo's Girl with a Death Mask.

Oh, okay.

Her use of symbolism is...

Rather good.

Like what?

What symbolizes what in that?

Oh.

The amount and the specificity.

How much, if you had to quantify it, how much symbolism is she using in this painting?

Yeah, percentage-wise and then by volume.

I would say 97% and I guess that puts it at seven liters.

Okay.

All right.

I mean, this guy knows what he's talking about.

I don't want to sound nitpicky and, you know, I'm not an expert in anything really, but it just...

It feels like these are a little bit of surface analyses.

Really?

I'm not...

I mean, maybe I don't know anything about art, but this is opening my eyes.

No, I can describe some more.

Maybe that'll...

Please.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

I'll need...

Sorry, I'm chuckling.

I'm thinking of Andy Warhol's soup can painting.

They do make me laugh.

Why?

Well, the use of humor is rather good.

What was it if you could say, what is it that's so funny about these soup can painting?

Oh, it's a painting.

It uses humor.

Just the quality of the humor is what makes it so fun.

Yes, the quality of the shine is through much.

Because if they were a bad quality of humor, that would not be funny.

No, I would be...

It would be grim.

You'd be crying, perhaps.

Yes, yes.

Much like when I watched a grim, I would be crying.

The TV show grim would do it.

Yes.

Why were you crying during grim?

I was worried the monsters would win.

Did you cry for every episode?

Of both?

Yes.

What about the finale?

The series finale?

I mean, the monsters didn't win in that, did they?

No, no.

But again, usually the second act break, I'm in tears.

But even after repeated episodes where the monsters did not win, you still can assert...

You just never knew.

That was the genius of grim.

But I'm saying eventually you would catch on that the monsters are not going to win.

Were you worried that just like 12 minutes into one of the episodes they would win and the entire show would be shut down?

Yes, frequently.

I would always check the TV guide listing to see if the next show was beginning at 8.12.

How did you get into art into your appreciation of art?

I don't know.

I...

Just always been a fan, I suppose.

What do you remember the first?

You've never been to a museum, but you've never been to a museum?

Oh, no, I've never been to a museum.

Oh, where are you seeing these pieces at?

Jpegs.

Why can I ask?

Why have you not gone to a museum?

Do you not live near one?

No, yes, I live on the Washington-Idaho border.

Oh, there are museums there actually.

At the Newport, Washington?

Were my street addresses?

Or an old town Idaho where the back of my house is?

There's not a museum anywhere around.

Well, I mean, maybe you don't live next door to one or inside of one, but I mean just a short trip you could actually get to one.

Sure, go to Spokane if my dad would drive me, but he won't.

Wait, how old are you?

27.

And you can't drive?

I know, I've never learned how to drive.

Wait, I didn't offer it at Newport High School.

Go Grizzlies.

But you could.

You could learn as an adult.

Adult drive.

Sure, but I don't have a car anyway, so it's a moot point.

But your father does have a car.

My father does a car, but he uses it for his business.

What's his business?

Do you mind?

He's a house painter.

Oh, so he doesn't use it during his job.

He just uses it to get back and forth.

A car or a truck.

A truck.

With ladders and paint cans.

Oh, the usual accoutrements.

The usual accoutrements.

Do those cost extra?

Or would they just factory standard?

The cans?

Okay, never mind.

If you were to learn to drive, maybe your dad would maybe gift you a car or you could buy your own car.

I don't think so.

He's rather upset with me from.

Why?

Because I haven't joined the family business.

Oh, he wants you to be a house painter.

Yes, but you know, you set that eye and then you just kind of trailed off.

Well, I was upset.

At what?

At my father has a business, Brown House painting.

After our last name, but people get confused.

And they think he'll only paint your house one color.

I always say you should change.

You say to them with a company and he won't do it.

We have terrible rose.

Are there any people that think that he will only paint brown houses and paint them in a different color?

Yeah.

Another misunderstanding.

We could prevent business.

Yes, there are several different misunderstandings, but none of them leave customers wanting to hire their.

Right.

Yes.

He'll only repaint a brown house that he'll only paint.

Oh, different color, different color house, Brown.

But what is his first name?

His first name?

Gothar.

Okay.

Gothar.

That's a Brown.

But he could literally paint a house that was Brown and he could paint a house Brown.

And he does get a little bit of work doing that.

But I'm sure he always shows up because what color do you want?

They laugh.

They go brown obviously.

But as he thought about any sort of advertisement or even painting, clarifying, we do all colors.

Yes.

I mean, he hired a town crier once, but he walked through the town square.

Ring a bell.

It's through Old Town Idaho.

Through Old Town Idaho right into Newport, Washington.

No, let me ask you something.

Across the Ponderay River.

Alsdera.

Just walked across the river.

Sorry.

While he was on the Thompson Memorial Bridge.

But yes.

Oh, of course.

Are you crying out?

I love detail.

I would get a little emotional thing walking to bridge with Christopher.

Let me ask you something.

Oh, I hope it's about the works of George Sarat.

It isn't.

But may I ask the question anyway?

Yes.

You said you haven't gone into your father's painting business.

And this is not to impune your art criticism.

But how do you make a living?

I was going to ask that as well.

Do you earn any money from your crisis?

No, I've earned zero money.

I'm a dependent on my father's tax forms.

Have you shared your views with any other people?

Or are we the first people to hear your views on this art?

I've published quite a few Facebook posts.

Oh, OK.

Analyzing the works of various artists.

How many friends do you have on Facebook?

Let's see.

My dad.

It's nice.

My aunt.

Oh, your aunt.

What does she do?

She runs a business that ferries people across the Ponderay River in a rowboat back and forth.

If they don't want to use the bridge.

Sorry, what?

She takes a rowboat and gets people from one side of the river to the other if they don't like using bridges.

How popular is her business?

It doesn't seem like there'd be a lot.

Oh, oh, oh.

Oh, oh.

So does that lead to arguments with her?

Oh, no, I don't want to forsake any birthday or Christmas gifts.

So I say, oh, I hope it's going well.

I have a question.

Yes.

Seemingly unrelated.

Do you believe monsters are real?

Is that why you're so afraid watching grim?

I didn't until I began watching it.

But then I thought there's no way those could be special effects.

So you are aware of the concept of special effects, but you feel that the special effects on grim are so good that they must be real monsters.

Exactly.

Couldn't have put it better myself.

That was rather good.

So you're art.

So do you hope to be paid for your criticism or?

Yes, yes.

I'm writing a big paper on Jacob Lawrence on his works.

And what would you say about his work?

Well, Street to Embary, just the use of paint is rather good.

The fact that he used paint.

Yes.

I have a question.

I kind of want to dig a little bit.

I'm an actor.

It's interesting to me that you are an art critic specifically painting.

Have you ever criticized your father's painting?

Yes, I must admit that I have.

What was your criticism?

What did you say about it?

Well, I once looked at one of the houses he painted and I said, and he said, well, what do you think?

He asked the question.

He opened up.

Why were you there?

And I said, I was just doing my afternoon skip around the neighborhood.

I happened hard.

I happened every afternoon.

I do a skip around the neighborhood.

And how long does that take usually?

Oh, I would say about half a grim, so 30 minutes or so.

And I was doing half a grim with commercials.

Right.

Half a grim in real life or half of you are afraid it's 12 minutes, Prim.

No, no, half of a full grim that I endured the entire thing.

And I came upon a brown house who was painting.

Did it used to be brown or this was a brown house he was painting?

It used to be snow colored and then he had painted a brown.

So white.

White.

And he did a final.

Did you say snow colored out of your love for the show grim?

Yes.

I was like, this is a kind of snow.

And he said, he said, he had finished his final stroke.

And he said, well, what do you think?

So you happened to skip by on his final stroke?

On his final stroke.

Yes.

They said, what do you think?

I would not describe it as rather good.

Oh, oh, that must have cut him to the quid.

So we had quite an argument and stuff.

Oh, so you an argument followed.

You know, yes, yes.

It did not precede my my harsh words.

It ensued.

What would you say disqualified your father's house painting job from the rather good category?

Too much paint on the window panes.

How much?

That's fair.

What percentage in by volume percentage rise?

I'd go 74.

Oh, that's too much.

That's too much for a window.

Yeah, even 1% he doesn't use tape.

He just has a glass.

He just eyeballs it?

Yeah.

On a window.

Oh, God.

Yeah, it sounds to me like, you know, your father doesn't sound like a little bit.

He sounds like he has a good handle on this business.

Why don't you take it over?

I mean, instead of not wanting to be into it, it sounds like maybe you have some good ideas that could take it over the top change of the name of the business.

Start using tape.

How is your ever painted yourself?

I've gotten paint on myself, but no, I've not created a painting.

I, you know, I prefer to observe enough for a critical analysis.

Mm.

How did you get the paint on yourself?

I was, it didn't turn the lights on as I was walking into the garage, shouldn't I?

Stepped into a paint can that then clogged into a wall and another one fell on my head.

Of course.

You know, that stepped into another one.

Oh, goodness.

I'm making it.

See, like something out of grille.

What?

Well, I was going to say, is anyone, was anyone filming this?

Did it get sent to America's Funniest Home Video?

Exactly.

Yes.

I got sent to America's Funniest Home Video videos.

Did it win?

Funniest, I was flown down and...

What era are we talking about?

Sagged, Bergeron.

Bergeron.

This is roughly 2004.

Did you win the $10,000?

No, I was the runner up.

Oh, 5,000.

How did, and how did, how was that experience?

The flight was bumpy.

So not so you flew.

You have flown to Los Angeles, California, to be the studio for a recording of America's Funniest Home Video.

You have not gotten on a bus to go to a museum.

No, I've never once.

Never seen large of us.

And when you were in Los Angeles for the taping, you didn't go to a museum in Los Angeles.

They know they pick you up at the airport.

They drive you to Raleigh Studios.

You sit there and...

And then immediately back to the airport?

And then immediately back to the airport.

There's not even a hotel stay.

Does Tom Bergeron wish you could buy or does he even speak to you?

Oh, he gave me a big kiss.

Goodbye.

What?

Look at that.

Honestly, someone should be writing an article about that.

Maybe I will.

Tom Bergeron's lengthy kiss.

Yeah, what was the quality of it?

Dry.

But the duration was rather good.

I'm not right.

Can you recall the video that beat your video?

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

Would you like to tell us?

Yes, please.

But it was a little boy and he's trying to blow out the candles on his birthday cake.

And then he steps in a paint can.

Oh, no.

He's walking your side of the street.

Yeah, he was cuter than me.

Oh, he was younger too?

Younger.

Yes.

He was a long time ago.

But can you tell me what were the events that went from him trying to blow out his birthday candles to stepping into a can of paint?

Just sort of a little rambunctious type.

I'm sure.

They bring out their go happy birthday.

Gather around.

They're carrying it out into the living room.

The candles.

Sure.

Yeah, we've all seen situations like, okay.

Okay.

Have you never celebrated a birthday?

Is that why this is so interesting?

I've not even been told what mine is.

Scott, I do think it's okay for him to describe even though it seems mundane to us because at some point it takes a very sharp turn into an open can of paint.

Sure.

I don't know when your birthday is.

No.

And so this is why I did say that.

Yeah, you miss you miss that.

His parents have never told him.

That's what I thought was so interesting.

Yes.

His parents have never told.

Do you have a guess as to what I would guess to Tallahuean and they don't want to scare me.

Have you always just been very scared of fake show or monsters, goblins, ghouls?

Do you think were you watching Grim to try and get over that fear?

Yes, yes.

Exactly.

It's an emergent therapy issue.

It could front my face.

Yes.

And where's your mom in the picture?

She drowned.

Oh, oh, oh.

On Halloween.

I do apologize.

On all Hallows Eve as they call.

Yes, yes.

I was thinking it was the day before all Hallows.

Yes.

Okay.

Yes.

So it was Halloween that she dropped.

Okay.

Well, I was thinking about the whole situation.

How old were you when she drowned?

Nine.

Oh, okay.

Oh, that's terrible.

I'm so sorry.

Yeah.

She went audio.

She said audio.

So it was on purpose.

Jumped out of the rowboat and she was in her aunts rowboat.

We were at our aunts out rowboat.

Is it her sister who now has the robo business?

Yes.

Did it affect the business at all?

Do you think that's why they said no?

No, no.

It was it was buried.

It got covered up.

Why doesn't she advertise it as like the haunted rowboat?

Who covered it?

I think it's a traumatic experience for her.

That's why she doesn't advertise it as the haunted rowboat.

Okay.

But who covered it up the city she did?

Oh, my aunt has a lot of pool.

Oh, it goes all the way to the top, huh?

Yes.

Yeah.

So she does have a failing rowboat business, but she does have a lot of pool.

A lot of political power.

Yes.

Wow.

Interesting.

What makes her so powerful?

It's just an ineffable quality.

Is she married to the mayor or something?

No, no, but I believe she's perhaps slept with or garnered intel through various sort of film-fatal-esque means about the city council.

She sounds like quite a woman.

Yeah.

Wow.

She sounds fascinating.

So yeah, I mean, I don't know whether.

Look, let's be honest.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

The way we're at the story is a little boy, a cake is brought into a living room.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

That's where we were.

Right.

So he gets scared of the flames and they have a sort of an open patio.

They have a patio, you know, big sliding glass door.

Are the flames higher than, I mean, I know you've never celebrated a birthday, so you don't have a template for this, but were the flames- They seem like a lot of flames to me, but perhaps he's just a frightened child.

And he, you know, he shrieks, he girds and he sprints away and right outside on the patio through the sliding glass door, they clearly had been doing some, you know, perhaps there was wood stain and not paint.

I'm not sure.

But he steps into a paint can and goes flying and he goes flying as well.

Okay.

So that, I mean, look- Shops, do a paint can and goes flying.

Yeah, go, wow.

Well, your trips loses his bow.

Sounds like maybe it wasn't just the being younger and cuter.

You have like a birthday cake that's- Sure.

Shriek and going flying.

Child shrieks you gods.

Yes.

There's a lot of stuff that's pretty funny about this video.

I guessed you're right.

They deserved it.

I'm glad we got closure on this for you, Alister.

Well, how did your father feel about this loss?

Uh, angry.

Was he counting on the 10 grand?

I mean, it sounds like his business isn't doing well.

He needed the 10 grand because that was about how much paint I had destroyed through my accident.

Oh, wow.

Don't stop.

What?

Oh, did you paint?

Yeah, it went on for about 20 minutes, just me clanging around.

Why didn't you stop?

Why didn't the person filming help you?

Well, they were laughing.

They thought this was good stuff.

Who was just filming in your garage?

Yes, I had a suspicion.

And did they show the video in its entirety?

Yes.

It was special.

Yeah, it was about half of the- Yeah, a third of the episode half there.

Yeah.

Did they take a break in the middle of it?

You go to commercial and come back and it was still going on?

No, it was more like soccer highlights where they'll put a little like bug in the corner to that.

Oh, so it's not highlights of soccer game.

Wow.

Maybe that's why your video loss was that first of all, the producers were foolish, I think, to put two videos of people stepping in cans of paint related items back to back.

Secondly, maybe the people just got sort of tired.

It was fatigue of that video because most of the videos are very brief.

That's true.

And I think they did you a disservice by showing the video.

In its entirety.

Yeah, I agree.

I agree.

Maybe they thought it was a back to a pilot.

Oh, riff.

Were you hoping?

What?

I would have complained.

Wow.

Well, I mean, what a terrible unfortunate situation for you.

Yes.

Oh, by the way, I just got an email and it's from both Gillian and Deanna's parents.

What?

My mom?

Yeah.

It's my mother?

Yes.

It says that you guys are like.

Surah.

Huh.

I'll sell.

Yeah, what does she mean by that?

Each of you is a wonderful daughter.

Oh, wow.

Oh, I get it.

I got it.

Pointalism.

Interesting.

They're good.

Did that actually happen?

Or are you just making a dream?

No, no, I've never had an email account.

Oh, no.

Why not?

They're so they're cheaper than cars.

Sure, but it's a privilege I haven't earned.

Okay.

Well, unfortunately, guys, we are running a car.

We're running out of time.

We only have time, in fact, for one final feature on this show, and that is a little something called plugs.

This isn't what your dog was.

This ain't plugs.

Oh, my goodness.

That was taint plugs by future destroyer.

Incredible.

I had kind of a posy feel to it.

Go ahead and send us your plug themes out there if you want to be heard on the show.

Who was?

Sure.

I would love to have you.

I mean, you're a great songwriter.

We heard some of your work before.

That's fake.

I would love to hear you submit a plug theme.

I don't know if I could emotionally bear having that out there.

I understand.

So what are we plugging, guys?

Gillian Deanna, obviously the podcast is If Then.

Yes, If Then, wherever you get your podcasts, Apple Stitcher, subscribe.

Nothing more to add, Gillian.

She did it perfectly.

My dad.

All right.

Al A. Peterson, what would you like to plug?

Well, obviously, she shaved a grave.

I'm just going to go out there and say that's the name of the business.

I'm hearing it out loud for the first time.

I really love it.

So if you're looking to start over again, if you need to fake your own death, if you need to get out of a certain situation, comment.

Scott, is this a live show?

Is this a live broadcast or do you record this and then play it later?

Because we should get the URL.

We should go to godaddy.com and buy the website.

For shape to grave?

Yeah.

I almost feel that would make me traceable.

Oh, yeah.

So I'm hesitant to do that.

But I might try it.

I might try it a square space.

How do people contact you when they sorry?

Just usually through the penny saver, you have a phone number or a P-lots.

Sometimes it's a phone number.

Sometimes it's a location.

Sometimes a P-O box.

Dead drops.

All of these things are temporary, of course.

I have to keep moving all the time.

I'm not saying this.

Got it.

How long do you spend in a city at a time?

48 hours.

Wow.

That's you move 190 times a year.

I have very few possessions.

I travel very light.

Wow.

Do you like the film Heat by Michael Mann?

Because she's got a great ass.

Does that answer your question?

Yep.

Anything else you want to pull?

Also ideas one message I'd like to send out to somebody very special.

You're out there and I know you're after me.

I love you till the day I fake my own death again.

And then this is Carla for that you're talking to.

This is Carla for I didn't want to spell it out, but yes, obviously.

Oh, OK, great.

All right.

So Carla for if you're listening, hopefully she's a listener.

Al out here is pining for you.

I know you can't forgive me, but I show what you would.

Pining would boy.

I'm getting a lot of forest vibes out of that plug.

Alister Brown, what do you want to plug?

I guess I would like to plug to my best friends have a podcast called if then.

So.

Oh, you should listen to it.

Oh, my goodness gracious.

You.

Congratulations.

I want to plug a heck the between two firms movie on Netflix.

People can watch it.

That's all I got.

We're about to close the plug theme or the plug bag, but we have a new remix.

This is by Jerome VDB.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting the little I missed.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up a plug bag.

Oh, we need a hook.

Open up a plug bag.

And sure as that goes.

Open up some plugs.

Make sure you sign as it is.

And don't mess around with it.

Don't mess around.

Open up some plugs.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Oh, very nice.

Jerome VDB.

Great job.

All right.

We can put that in the rotation.

Guys, speaking of rotations, I want to rotate my head to look at you, Gillian and Deanna.

Always great to have you on the show.

I'm speaking to Gillian because she's been on several times before, but Deanna, a wonderful first appearance.

Thank you.

Good luck entering into the podcast space.

I'm just thrilled to be here.

You know, when you're on a podcast with such exciting personality, sometimes you just want to sit back and revel in it.

Mm, very good.

Well, you're learning about podcasts.

It's all about listening.

And that is one thing I've learned in the 12 years I've done this show.

Allie Peterson.

Great to have you on.

Great to see you again, buddy.

It's a...

Scott, it's always a pleasure to see you and to recount that one story over and over again.

I may ask you about it the next time I see you.

Oh, I wouldn't doubt it.

And Alistair Brown, hey, Kishow, with a little piece of criticism.

I notice you haven't really criticized as much as said positive things or really one positive thing about anything.

I challenge you to say more than one sentence about a piece.

Okay, I'll talk about Matisse's window in Tahiti.

Oh, okay, one of my favorites.

Great.

I think that the color and the shapes within it are both rather good.

Yes!

Oh, wow.

He said it.

And that was two sentences because there was a misplaced period in the middle.

It was poor grammar.

Okay, wonderful.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye!

Bye!
