---
layout: page
title: 697. Fortune Feimster, Dan Lippert, Jacquis Neal [222bd5a2-c28c-47ae-b9d1-aceb017c4b85].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ She sells seashells by the seashore because she doesn't understand the concept of supply and demand. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm. Thank you to 2D Butt, 2D Butt.

With that catchphrase submission. Always a pleasure to see 2D Butt, 2D Butt back submitting catchphrases and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And by the way, point of order. Last week I believe I did not say the name of the person who submitted last week's catchphrase.

And now that it's a week later, I've forgotten who it is.

So that person will have to remain nameless, unfortunately.

It's a real mystery, isn't it? All you internet detectives and sleuths can maybe track down that information, send it to me, and I will forget to mention it next week.

Welcome to the show, Comedy Bang Bang. My name is Scott Ockerman and coming up on today's episode, in a second we have an entertainer.

Oh, an entertainer. It's funny how entertainers are always, they seem to be the first guest on this show all the time.

Always in a block. If you come to Comedy Bang Bang, look, we know it's the show where we talk to interesting people.

We know, of course, that it's humanity's podcast. But I think it's also becoming the show where we speak to entertainers in A-block, apparently.

So that's a new catchphrase for us. And then in B-block, we will be speaking to a broadcaster. Oh, okay. Oh, a fellow broadcaster, I might say.

And then in C-block, we have a famous relative. Okay. All right, so this is an exciting show. I wonder if any of our other guests are famous relatives.

Oh, actually, I think one of them is. I think our broadcaster actually is a famous relative or has a famous relative.

I don't know about our entertainer if she's a famous relative, but that will be, of course, the first question that I ask.

I promise our listeners, I will ask her that. So why don't we get to it? Our first guest is a newcomer to the podcast, but she is not a newcomer to comedy.

Oh, what'd you think of that? I like that. That was a good segue, right? I'm a fan.

We first saw her in Last Comic Standing. Is that correct?

That is correct.

And she is on a roll right now. Every time I turn on my television, she is there.

That may be because I've installed a nanny cam in her house.

I thought someone was watching me.

But I have currently seen her in Keenan on NBC. I watched her in Barb and Star go to Vista Del Mar, which is one of my favorite movies of the last year. I've seen her in the Netflix after party with David Spade in London Hughes, our friend London, who was just here.

Also, in an episode of The Wedding Coach coming up in about a month, she's in everything, but she has never been on comedy bang bang until now.

She can finally check this off the old bucket list.

Woo.

And if this is the last thing on your bucket list, prepare to die.

Oh, no.

Hey, I like saying that to our guests. Please welcome to the show Fortune Feamster.

Scott, it's so cool to be here. Thank you.

It's so great to see you. Now, you and I have done a couple of shows together recently, and I thought, gosh darn it, I gotta get fortune on the show.

I gotta get that bang bang.

Welcome to the show. And by the way, you are in a movie that just came out yesterday.

Yes, it's a family movie on Netflix with Jennifer Garner.

Oh, a family movie starring someone's family or it appeals to families or both?

It's both. It's about a family that says yes for 24 hours, and it's a movie that you and your family, your whole family can watch without the kids having to put on the earmuffs.

Um, Fortune, you're everywhere now. One could almost say that Fortune Feamster is having a moment.

Am I having a moment? I don't know. I filmed a lot of these movies and things before the pandemic.

And it was, they were at different times and they were supposed to come out at different times.

You would be weird if you filmed them all simultaneously.

That would be. You said one line over this camera. You turn to the right. You say a different movie's line over to this one.

There was a time I had to leave one movie set during my two days off and I flew to another one to film something and then flew back.

Um, so it was a little crazy, but everything got pushed because of the pandemic and then nothing was coming out.

Nothing was coming out and then all of a sudden the floodgates just opened and they were like, release the movies. And so it just, all these movies are coming out right now.

And it just looks like I do nothing but film movies, which is, I wish was the case, but not.

The norm. What the, what, now what percentage of your life is filming movies? Now, I would imagine that roughly one third of your life is sleeping.

One third. Yeah. Definitely got to get that eight hours in.

Uh huh. And then filming movies, though. Would you say that that takes up the other two thirds of your life?

The other 66.6.6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6, 6 percent. Not so much. I wish. You should be having me pop in movies and I play some bonkers character who's ridiculous or kind of off.

It looks like a hair off in life. Just weird person. Or I play a very joyful, happy person and then I'm out of the movie.

And so you can film that stuff pretty quickly because you're just in a couple scenes.

But, but that, okay. So that brings me to a great point.

You're a very joyful, congenial, happy, smiling type of person in real life.

And that's translated to the types of roles that you play.

Although I guess in Keenan, you seem a little more down to business. It seems like.

Yeah. Her name's Pam. She's a sports caster. So she takes sports very seriously.

Well, that's great because we have a couple of sports guests on the show. You'll be able to. I don't know if you want to get into character for those segments.

Okay. Yeah. Sure. Sure. I can get. She's more competitive.

Can you access Pam? Yeah. Yeah. I can't be like right now or.

Yeah. Sure. Okay. So let's see a little Pam. This is Fortune Feemster as Pam.

Well, Pam has a very similar voice as me. It's. Yeah. Seems it's a little deeper and more gravelly.

It's a little bit deeper. I'm pretty competitive. Fortune's not very competitive because she's a bit of a wuss.

But I don't like to lose. And so if I'm, if I'm in something, I want to win.

Are you doing Pam right now? I can't quite tell. This is Pam.

Oh, hello Pam. It's nice to meet you. Pam also has her hair slicked back.

Oh, okay. Yeah. So I don't know if we have time to wait for that. Yeah. Fortune doesn't know how to brush her hair. So it's different.

You also, by the way, speaking of home, I actually, I don't know if we were speaking about, were we talking about home? I don't know. That's a strange segue that I may have invented in my mind.

Maybe I looked at you when you were at home. I mean, you're at home right now. We weren't talking about being at home before, but why don't we talk about you being at home? Wait, am I fortunate, Pam?

No, I'm sorry. Can we get fortune back? Fortune? Can you hear me? I'm back. Oh, good. That was the trip. I really went outside myself and played someone totally. Thank God.

I've never lost a guest. That was close.

I went so far beyond. But you are at home and you've been, you're at home and you do a show that I've done a couple of times with comedian Tom Papa on Sirius XM.

Is that right? What's it called? It's the, it's called What a Joke with Papa and Fortune and we're on five days a week on Channel 93.

And you're doing it from home. The last time I was on the show, you were recording from home and you have not been able to do it in the studio. You haven't been able to be in a room with Tom Papa for a year now. What is that like? We actually just had our year anniversary of filming the Taping the Show from Home, which was crazy. Yeah. I mean, this week is actually the anniversary of the last episode that I recorded in studio. So crazy. Yeah, we've done 180 episodes since.

So we talk a lot, but it's for Netflix. So we get to just talk to comedians every morning.

It's pretty awesome. And you're from North Carolina, home to, I'm trying to think of the famous comedian, Zach Alifianakis. Yep. The end. Are there more?

It's just such a second. But did you know? You didn't know Zach. I didn't know. I actually met Zach like a few weeks before the pandemic. He was, or maybe it was like, maybe it was a month before, but do you think he caused it? That's my theory because I haven't seen him since.

And that leads me to believe that he did something wrong.

He released something and then went to the woods. It was so cool to meet him just because we always had, oh, actually, I take that back.

We met before. I auditioned for something and we did the scene together for the audition. So I had met him. It had just been a very long time, but it was cool to see him again.

Right. And did you start doing stand up in North Carolina?

I had done some theater in college. That was the extent of my performance.

The Immortal Bard speak the speech I pray the out-out damn spot Spanish head, etc.

No, we weren't that fit. We weren't that cool. I had this really, my accent's thick now and my accent was even thicker than so try to do it.

How did you used to talk? It was even slower and even thicker. It was like, it was like, yo, this is crazy. I can't believe we're about to do this.

How did you lose that intentionally or has living out here in Los Angeles just stripped you of that?

I think that just living in LA forced me to speak a little bit quicker, even though it's still very slow. So what's the fastest you can talk? Let's try.

Read something. There's got to be something in your room. Although, quite frankly, I'm looking at your background and you're in front of a very blank, white wall. You could be in a sanitarium for all that.

I'm like, do I need to Google something to read? There's got to be something in your room that you can read. Oh, this is hilarious. All right. So let's read this as fast as possible.

I just got a text. I want to set this up. I got a text from a company selling something.

Okay, so this will be like a free advertisement for them.

Good news for boobs everywhere. Adjustable straps, switch freeze, smooth and comfortable. Midders, hold on. Why is bra? Good news for boobs everywhere? It's good. It literally says good news for boobs everywhere. Is it targeted marketing?

Why am I not getting this? That is hilarious. I was like, did you did you mention boobs? Or you know how when you say a word around your phone or you're watching television and they say a word?

Suddenly, if you're on a website on your phone, you'll see an ad for the thing. Are you constantly talking about boobs? I think it's actually from an ad for my podcast. I'm getting ads from my own podcast. Oh, wait. This is one that you're supposed to read on your own podcast?

Well, I don't read that in my podcast, but this company is one of our advertisers for my podcast.

Okay. But I guess I'm on their list now. Okay, so you're getting text messages.

So I'm going to text messages. I'm also receiving pictures, which if you didn't know that this was an ad, like my wife would think I was up to no good. This is the picture that they send. Oh, yeah.

Yeah, get that off your phone. I'm like, I'm like, this, that's a picture you're assuming that's hilarious. It's a and I and you know, I don't judge women's physical appearances, but that's a picture of what some might consider to be a sexy woman in abroad. They're their text. Yes, that's a sexy young woman, a sexy woman in a bra. And if this sort of popped up on my phone, and my wife saw it, she'd be like, what are you doing? And then suddenly she reads good news for boobs everywhere. Good news for boobs everywhere.

Okay, I'm sorry I interrupted. Pick something else. Let's see how fast you can talk. Oh, I don't.

I got a Google something. Yeah, Google anything. Just go to Wikipedia or oh, hey, maybe go to your own Wikipedia. That would be a nice way to learn a little something about you. Because, yeah, I can't be bothered to do much research. You research yourself and tell us some things about you. Well, it actually has my full name on here. Emily, fortune Feemster is an American writer, comedian and actress, having made her television debut on NBC's last time I was standing in 2010. Feemster started as Kled on the menu project. Faster. In July 2019, she began hosting what a joke with pop unfortunate with top pop interviewing committees and celebrities. Faster. The first live programming on the series, some channel. It's a joke. In 2000, I reported for a first book. Faster.

And not bad. Then my head explodes. You started at basically what everyone else considers to be normal speech. I know. And I could tell you were really pushing it. It's a lot. It's a lot for me to exert energy. I got to say though, as a standup comedian, talking slow is the way to go because an hour of material for you is like a Netflix hour is like a half hour for every other comedian.

You can write less material. Well, that's not good too crazy. It's still, it's not that slow.

And are you filming anything else that we can see soon?

Hopefully, this will not be a reversal of fortune on our TV and movie screen soon. I know where I just disappeared. No more projects.

Well, the Keenan episodes are still coming out. So I think I have four more of those to come.

I still am doing the Netflix after parties. So more episodes of those.

That's right. And London was very cagey, by the way, because she says she watches all of the episodes of, for instance, Bling Empire. Right. That's the one I saw.

She swears and I made her swear on a stack of Bibles, by the way. Oh, that's a lot of Bibles. So many Bibles. I delivered a stack to your house, by the way, so you can swear on your front porch right now.

But she swore that she watched all of the episodes so she could be really prepared.

So I want to ask you about that. Do you bother to watch any of it?

We watch them. They tell us what we're going to be, who we're going to be talking to.

And because I'm not, I'm not expecting you to like watch every Netflix show randomly, hoping that you'll finally see the thing. Oh, man, that would be a lot. That would be a lot of watching television. Though early in the pandemic, I was watching everything on Netflix.

So say they say, okay, we're doing an episode of the Bling Empire coming up.

Yes. Tell us honestly, I watch half of it. You watch half of one episode. Honestly, I watch, no, I watch half of like the series, except for Fate the Wink Saga. I watched every episode.

I got looked. I don't even know.

Don't judge me. Faith the Wink Saga. You're just making up stuff.

No, it's like Harry Potter, but for fairies or with fairies, I guess it's not for fairies.

Not, okay, not even fairies. It stars fairies in the narrative.

This is a fairies favorite show. No, I got hooked. I watched every episode of that.

So it just depends on what the episode is I watch, but I am a busy gal, so I can't watch them all.

Yeah, and you watch television slower because you're from the South, right?

True. My brain thinks slower.

You're constantly pausing every sentence. What did they just say so fast?

Well, the Netflix after party is out there, although taking a lot of time off from what I can tell.

It'll be back soon. It'll be back soon. Yes, dear.

Yes, ma'am. Yes, ma'am. Is that what?

That would say it's based on a book.

Who cares?

I don't think anyone watching yesterday is like watching it like, oh, this is based upon a novel.

Is it not? This book. It's very true to the book.

I feel quite intelligent watching this movie yesterday.

I think it was a very popular children's book.

Okay. Well, then say based on a children's book.

Don't say based on a book. That's like that's lying by a mission.

My bad. Just trying to lure someone in based upon a bestseller.

Children's book. It's based on Twilight, the movie Twilight.

Oh, wow. And the book Twilight.

Yes, dear is out now or yes day, dear yesterday.

Yes, yes day. Marvin star. Also out now, everyone should rent Barb and star.

Great film. And you have a tinier part in that as well.

Seems to have been about 24 hours of shooting. Is that about correct?

Yeah, we flew out to Albuquerque and shot it all in a day.

24 hours in Albuquerque. That is a movie right there.

Let's film that. You made 24 hours. It's just you and me 24 hours in Albuquerque.

I had a tuna melt in Albuquerque once because I was taking a cross country train trip and it's not in Albuquerque. And we had one hour that we could do whatever we wanted.

And so I got off the train, went to the nearest diner and got myself a tuna melt.

Wow. What do you think about that story?

That's an amazing 10 out of 10.

One hour in Albuquerque. That's right. Now imagine 24 times that 24 tuna melts.

Wow. That's all it is. Just me.

Solently, silently eating 24 tuna melts.

And no one comes near you because you're breastings.

I actually went the day before and then so we got to have dinner with Kristen Wig and the rest of the people. What's that like?

What's having dinner with Kristen Wig like? Boy, that sounds amazing.

It's lovely. I bet there are young people interested in show business out there listening and they want to hear a nice showbiz story. So hit us with what dinner with Kristen Wig and Albuquerque is actually like. It's pretty great because she acts. She's one of the most normal people ever and you're like, you're very famous. And it's almost like she doesn't know she's famous. That doesn't sound fun to me. Like if I go out to dinner with a big star, I want them to be, you know, like, yeah, you know, like this story, it needs a little jazz enough. So punch it up a little bit if you could.

Oh, you know, she was grabbing bread from the basket and shoved it in people's mouths for no reason because she was tired of them talking. She didn't say can you stop talking? She just grabbed bread, shoved it in people's mouths. Oh my gosh.

She's jarring. So eccentric. And then, yeah, just lots of brush. She had a hairbrush with her.

She was brushing her hair during dinner for no reason looking at herself in a mirror.

Wow. Very, very, very weird woman. She had a wig. She had a wig. She had a wig and she had a wig with her. Oh my God. But it started brushing that. She was very, very, very, very, very, whatever your last name is on your person at all times.

Yeah. And then just one point, just smacked me. What? Where? Where? On the boob. On the boob.

Bad news for boobs. Yeah. Bad news for boobs. Oh my gosh.

So man, it was quite a Hollywood dinner.

Wow. Well, that's an amazing Hollywood meets Albuquerque story. I've never heard the like of.

And I had the fish. Oh, okay. I'm not sure about the end of it.

But a nice halibut. Okay. I don't know. It needs a button, I think. But wonderful. Well, fortune, a pleasure to have you on the show. We need to take a break. Can you stick around? Because we have a couple of interesting guests. We have a broadcaster, a fellow broadcaster, because you and I are both broadcasters. Right. This person is also a broadcaster.

And we also have a famous relative. And I believe the broadcaster might be a famous relative. Are you a famous relative? I have no one famous in my family.

They must be so jealous of you with stories like getting the halibut. Yeah. They have lots of Hollywood stories.

Well, we are going to be talking to them when they get on the show, which will be when we come back. I guess I'm in charge of this. But we have to take a break. When we come back, we will have more comedy bang bang. We'll have the broadcaster and the famous relative more fortune themester.

We will be right back with more CBB after this.

Comedy bang bang. We're back here. Fortune themester. And I believe you want to clarify something that we discussed right before break. Is that right? I haven't been able to think about anything else for two minutes. Yeah, either. Honestly, because I believe I asked you if you were a famous relative. If I was a famous relative, and I thought you said, did I have any famous relatives? And I said, no, I don't have any famous relatives. And then I realized that I answered the wrong question. And I was like, I have to fix this. Yeah, we got to clarify. The Twitter scolds and corrections will be coming in at a fast and furious pace. You are a famous relative, but you do not have famous relatives.

There you go. Now, I'm not quite sure about our upcoming guest. When we a little later, we're going to have a famous relative or someone who has a famous relative. I'm not quite sure. Okay, we will be talking to them. But before we get to that, we do need to talk to our broadcaster friend who I believe is a famous relative and may have a famous relative. I'm not quite sure. But we've spoken to him before. What kind of sports are you into fortune? Oh, I love tennis. Oh, okay. I played sports my whole life. Tennis soccer, basketball, softball, and anything round you're out there kicking it or hitting round. I like that.

I'm trying to think of there. There was anything else. That was it. I didn't play golf. I wasn't good at swimming. Too tiny? Yeah, too tiny too much. Yeah.

So it's got to be round in about bigger than a softball. Exactly. Okay, those are the parameters.

Well, I believe that our guest deals with round things that are bigger than softballs. So I believe you will be interested. No, not boobs, not good news for boobs. I believe you'll be interested in this. Welcome to the show. Back to the show. A famous broadcaster and NBA legend in his own right. Please welcome back Bill Walton.

Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow. A pleasure to be here with Scott Ocarman and fortune themester.

One of the great comic standing from Josh Blue to that fan from Bill Liza Schlesinger to his lawns own bottom. We've got fortune themester. I'd watch this comic if he was the last comic standing sitting or lying down. Amazing to be here. Wow, Bill, what an intro to last comic standing.

Well, I mean, I think it was directed at you not so much.

It seemed to contain a lot of information about last comic standing. If someone was looking at a Wikipedia page, are you an IDB? None of the above is my favorite competitive standup comedy show in the history of NBC's competitive standup comedy show. This is the only one that I could be good.

Potentially the only one I've watched in the number one one I've watched and what a pleasure to be sitting across from two amazing on microphone personas from Netflix is a joke to ear wolf is a podcast network. Here wolf is a podcast. My goodness, Bill, so great to have you on the show.

Fortune, have you seen Bill's work? I'm embarrassed to miss.

I haven't seen Bill's work. I know he's a legend. Of course, we know he's a legend. We just don't know anything about you. What team did you play for? You flatter me briefly. I mean, you know, you're thoughts together.

From the Boston Celtics to the Portland Trailblazers, the great Bill Walton pulled down rebounds and blocked basketballs with the best of them. How many points do you average per game?

Per game. I never thought about the points I thought about the fun and I averaged 25 funds per game.

25 funds. How do you measure that? Is that something? My fives, butt taps and cheek kisses in the European leagues. Yeah, they show more affection in the European leagues.

Yeah. Yes. Over in Europe, they do it. You know, there's a little less concern about male sexuality as there is in American sports. That's right.

Although I will say in football, which is not a round ball, it's a football shape. There's really no other way to describe it.

It's football shaped. They do pat each other on the butt a lot, it seems like. They pat each other on the butt. The great Tom Brady kisses everyone on the lips from the owner of the team to the son of his sloids. The son of what his sloids. His loins. His loins. The son of his sloids.

Do you ever do you kiss on the lips when you celebrate? Is that question for me? Or is this an open question for the audience or is it for Scott specifically?

Are you looking into a mirror of the great fortune themester? I'm asking you, Bill. I kiss on the lips only to celebrate the greatest of celebrations Mother Earth. I've kissed General Sherman on the lips. I've kissed General Joshua Tree on the lips. General Joshua Tree. Wow. One of the great large Joshua trees in beautiful California's Joshua Tree National Park, home of Bono's favorite recording studio.

Not to mention the Omega Trine or whatever it's called where you listen to crazy sounds from far away, I believe. Wow. Your job requires that you know a lot about a lot. This is all curiosity for you. I'm a man who loves Mother Nature, Mother Earth, and to read long books and rummited people's faces that I know these facts. What do you love more? Tiedeye shirts or Mother Earth?

Oh, don't make me choose Scott. Not today. I apologize. I apologize. Of course, Tiedeye shirts. I could wear on my body. Where is Mother Earth? It's take only the memories and leave only your footsteps. You cannot wear Mother Earth on your body like a Tiedeye shirt. So in one way, it's the Tiedeye shirt because it's a part of me. But in another, I am born of Mother Earth's loins, much like Tom Brady's son that he loves to kiss on the lips that I mentioned, erstwhile on the podcast. So for fortune's sake and certainly not my own, you're a broadcaster. Is it on TNT? Is that right?

Broadcast for the entertainment sports PN network. Yes, PN. That's correct. So entertainment sports. Yeah, what is that P?

Premiere. Premiere? I really don't know. It's locked up like the great secrets of American business. The recipe for Coca Cola, or the recipe for...

Seven Herbs and Spices? Yes, exactly what Scott said. The PN is being revealed. Deep Secret and now that they're owned by Mickey Mouse, one of the great mice of history, you'll never get one. Who are the great mice or mouse's?

Meats? Meats? Who are the great mice of history? We have, of course, those ones who helped Cinderella with the whole bibby bobby boo thing. Yes, what's that one?

The little tubby ones named Tom Tom or something like that. Is that a Cinderella? What was Fival?

Was that a mouse? Fival! Fival! Come on.

An American tale indeed, one of the great American tales.

So he's one of the great mice within one of the great American tales. Yes, an inception of Fival's I would say. Rata Tui, Rata Tui, is that true? He's a rat rat. A rat rat indeed, but living in the French countryside.

Voice by the great Patonos, what are the great humans in American history?

Human, you just give him greatest humans. What of the greats?

I would say comedian, but humans?

Oh, he never appeared in the episodes of Last Come, extending that I watched, so I'm not aware of his comedic ex-wife. You just know him as a human.

Yeah, just see, Patonos, what is one of the humans who I like to listen to?

Wow, well, and what about the rescuers? Are they in the list of great mice or are they just sort of middling? No, my memory of the rescuers is there from down under.

Well, they went down under for the sequel, and that's what made it unique. They were, they may be English or they may be American, but they're one of the two.

Scott, I have just texted my wife to cancel my plans to watch the prequel to rescuers down under the Seavless Prince story. You've told me. I think one of them is wearing one of those hats that looks like an English cabbie hat, so I may be confusing him for being English, but I don't know.

Ah, yes, it's the way that they dressed the mice back then, if you didn't hear their voices, is how you would tell where they were from. It was one of the great artistic choices that animators would make. You think a lot of things are great?

Yeah, you're a fan.

Only the most wonderful things. Hmm, I like them. Do you ever not like anything, Bill?

Oh, geez, I'd have to think of an example. I don't like back pain, which I suffer from greatly every day. You're a very tall gentleman. How tall are you? I am six foot 11 in my bra.

Seven, two, I don't know. Good news for boots.

So yes, I hate back pain. I hate, you know, everything that's bad has a silver lightning, I like to say. So, you know, even the awful choice you made me make earlier of Mother Nature versus tie dye hated the question, but loved the opportunity to consider my beautiful love for Mother Earth and shirts dipped in some sort of chemical.

Right, right. Now you are a famous relative, but you have a famous relative because isn't your son? My son Luke Walton of the Los Angeles Lakers, the University of Arizona Wildcats bear down from the great back 10 now packed out 12 Conference of Champions. He now coaches one of the worst teams in the National Basketball Association. And many believe is wasting the talents of great players, my Darren Fox and my head. Oh, my God. Wow. Yeah, you almost lost your breath. I think I hate is my son wasting the talents on the players on his team. And is currently dealing with embroiled in a sexual assault allegation that I hope is resolved positively for the accuser. Okay, I don't know that we needed to bring that up necessarily, although I will say that last time we spoke to you, he was quarantining with you, but now he's out there in the world.

That's right. We heard my son's awful bravely voice. You're an interesting voice. I mean, not only Palomidi's episode. Yes.

Of course. One of the great episodes of Pop Pompity came back.

Comedy King Bang. Gang Bang? So now Bill, you you call basketball games. Is that right? That's what you do as a broad question. You asked me what I came on here. Maybe. But that's why you're a broadcaster, right? Did you play by play or something? I do.

I do color commentary for basketball games frequently with my good friend Dave Pass. So you can see me putting pies on the head of and generally annoying on the ESPN network. And you'll hopefully hear my voice every day for March Madness, the greatest month of the year. Beware the eyes of March.

The immortal bar it is previously referenced.

Oh yes, fortune. Fortune, you must do one of the plays of the Immortal Barred for your next project.

One of the great bars. Am I right? I don't even know.

Could I forget William Shakespeare, one of the greatest bars of all.

Let's list the bars. Well, there's the infinite amount of bars that people have created for their dungeon and dragon fantastical campaigns that we can't even take. But Shakespeare rises above those you have to admit. Shakespeare is better than most of the bars that little nerds have invented throughout history. Sir Francis Bacon, is he a bard?

A delicious bard if you ask me.

Has one of the tastiest names? Yes, Sir Francis Bacon, one of the most delicious sounding writers.

You can eat Sir Francis Bacon's books with a nice egg in between a car or a saunt.

That is a weird meal. Yeah. So Bill, I mean, March Madness is finally here. Now March Madness explained it for people who don't exactly know what that is.

I'm not talking about fortune and myself certainly. Well, for those of you out there who are not familiar with the greatest two to three weeks out of the year, 64 to 66 of the collegiate basketball teams from the male and female side of the aisle clash and into some of the most interesting games you could possibly have.

Young boys and young girls and the peak of their talents competing for three pointers.

Slam dunks through it down one time. Wow, it truly is madness. In my humble opinion. Yes.

Sounds crazy between 62 and 64, you say? Between 64 and 66.

Instantly added a play in tournament for some of the 16 seed. I see when what are brackets everyone saw Obama was all he'd always fill out a bracket. What is a bracket? Barack Obama, one of the grip between two firms interviews. But he had enough after the first one.

That's why he was a fantastic president. Leave the audience wanting more and then make a multi-million dollar deal with the network so they can all the obama they can have. That's usually what you want it with the president. Have them leave you wanting more. That's what we require of our public servants. I think Nixon did it right. He'd left in the middle and I spent the next 30 years thinking what more could this man have done? We don't even know the possibilities.

Well, are you a fan of term limits? Absolutely.

I'm glad you brought that up. I wasn't sure if you got my emails.

Please bring this up. Oh my god. The constant emailing me about these.

Without term limits our democracy is a mere oligarchy.

Leaving leaders to hold on to power forever. Even the Supreme Court should have term limits and I will kill for that right.

Who would you kill? Anyone who would you kill? Anyone who would kill? Anyone who would kill?

Would you have to be the whole Congress? Anyone not respecting their term limit.

And yes, I am 358th in the line of succession. So if I killed the whole Congress.

I have no idea the things you learn on this show. Scott, check the lines of succession.

Bar broadcasters are on there. Oh, holy. Maybe I'm down there somewhere. I mean, I'm certainly under you, but I'm podcast famous at the very least.

Absolutely, Scott. I wonder which one of our names is more of a household name amongst the target demographic this time of year. Really? Well, I think in March, you reign supreme.

Yeah, I'm usually not for me. Well, reigning supreme is not yet. Yes, it is a mad time, fortune, but I would never like to reign supreme because that's what people do if they do not have term limits, which is why I've come on the show today, Scott.

Okay. Yes, please. Let's talk about what time. What time do you usually air your interviews on the ESPN? Because I usually around win the basketball game. I'm afraid I haven't seen bills commentary. So fortune, I feel that I don't know even how to welcome you into this world.

I don't just do interviews during basketball games. I'm actually doing the commentary as the games are going on. Sometimes we want to know more about the commentary.

Fortune is one of the great modern on mic personalities.

You should pitch this idea to the entertainment sports penis. Not a bad idea because anytime I turn on a sports game in general, the people talking are always talking about the game. Look, I'm watching the game. I didn't see the game. I don't know. You guys talk about it. I would much rather listen to fortune interview George Clooney while I'm watching the game that way I get two things done at once or reveal something about yourself. Like that was a slam dunk. I like cheeseburgers.

Fortune, I gotta tell you, you would love watching me. This is basically what I do.

If you want to watch a college basketball game, but have incredibly in depth references to the history of Apple computers, then the eye of the announcer for you. Oh, good. Good. I can't wait to watch you in action. Please. I will talk about Steve Jobs through the commercial break. We'll come back and I'll still be in the middle of a story about one of the great turtle neckwares of our time. That's what you consider Steve Jobs to be. Yes, the bad war at Turtle neck like no college professor I've ever had. He's another guy like Kristen Whig whose last name is something he had. Yeah, job. Yeah. He gave away a lot of them. Well, I mean, March is going to be over though soon. What does a Bill Walton do after March come April through February? Send threatening letters to Clarence Thomas Elena Kagan, Justice Roberts and the rest. Okay.

Turv limits now. What are you going to do? Do you ever foresee a time when you're no longer going to be interested in talking about basketball? You ever maybe thinking about sunsetting that particular aspect of your career? What does a Bill Walton do then? Wow. What are questions Scott Ockerman from one of the great questioners? One of the great questioners from Oprah Winfrey interviewing Megan Markle to the finish. Of course, the Spanish acquisition one of the greatest moments of time where questions were the number one part of it. They were not mean on everyone's lips.

They were so inquisitive these Spaniards. Now, I have never considered this much, you know, like the the stories of Martin Scorsese, the Irishman or Quentin Dertie does once upon a time in Hollywood.

My career is sunsetting. And what does a man do when he becomes irrelevant?

I wasn't going to say irrelevant necessarily. I mean, I think you'll always be relevant in a way, but you know, maybe your interests lie elsewhere other than in watching that.

It's an orange ball. Is it not? It's round, certainly.

It bounces up and down or some just give up. Yes. Do I watch the orange ball bounce up and down?

Or do I say goodbye to this mortal coil and dive headfirst into my own grave?

I don't know that I asked you to do that. What do you call it? Orange ish. It's orange.

Well, when I think of orange, I think one of the great fruits of our time, the tangerine.

For a certain president that we've just had. Oh my goodness.

She started on that. Don't even say it. Don't please.

Okay. Well, you brought it up, but I won't get you started.

I'm kidding.

Okay. Thank you. You think it's a brown orange, a burnt sienna?

The old, the brown ball that we rock with. Sure.

Well, yeah, like a burnt orange. Yes. I believe it isn't more of a burnt orange.

If you were discussing it with the graphic designer and saying I speak that much, but it's more than if you play with the basketball in an elementary or middle school, it might be a brighter orange or if you're one of the Harlem Bobchonters, one of the great funny basketball teams, you'd play with the red, white and blue ball.

That's true. Of course.

The patriotic. But a lot of people, when they, when they're children and they first start learning the game of basketball, you'll hear that a lot on playgrounds. Hey, pass me that orange ball.

Yeah. He is a, he was coming phrase on any playground.

Kids play basketball. Pass me that orange ball.

Otherwise you may run into many mistakes. If you say pass me that orange, someone throws you a piece of fruit. You say pass me that ball. They throw you a football, which is something you're really, very clear. You had to be very specific about what ball you want.

Absolutely. And if you're hanging around with some sort of Joker kid who has really got no boundaries, he may pull out his testicles and you'll say, no, Tyler, no.

Tyler. Oh my God.

That sounded like that happened to you.

Yeah. Sounds like a very specific situation for yourself.

We've all got our Tyler. I'm trying to think of a fake name.

Who's the real one?

Durden? Yes. Tyler Durden, one of the great bullies of my time.

I see him all the time.

Oh, you see Tyler? He's got some wild ideas and the man can't get over soap.

Well, Bill, you're, you know, I envy you.

And I love you too, Scott.

I don't know that I said I love you, but I envy you certainly.

March is your time to shine. This is, I mean, Bill Walton every night of the week.

He'll be out there. He'll be talking about that bright orange ball that bounces up and down through our television screens on the entertainment sports PN.

Wow, Scott Ockerman. To many, the segue into the commercial break or the next guest is considered a free throw, but you make it look like a layup, Scott Ockerman.

The ease with which you transition from conversation into the end of conversation made me.

Come on. Come on.

I mean, either fortunate or want to play onwards. Throw it down.

You're a theme, sir.

Well, we do have to take a break, but when we come back, we have a, I believe a, either a famous relative or someone with a famous relative. We got to get to the bottom of this.

Can I enlist both of you to help me with this in case I forget?

Sure.

I swear on my life, we'll get to the bottom of this.

I'm going to hold you to that. If we don't get to the bottom of it by the end of this show, I expect your life.

I end it, end it shall be yours. I'm a man of my words.

Like the Joker.

Wait, so you like the Joker? I thought this Tyler guy was too much like the Joker.

Well, you know, what's the do? The makeup makes the Joker a little easier to swallow, in my opinion. Tyler's just got that sexy, sexy face.

Okay. All right. Well, we do need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have the famous relative or person with a famous relative.

We'll be right back with more fortune, Feamster, more Bill Walton.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang, we are back fortune, Feamster of, yes.

Yes, plan.

What is it?

Yes, ma'am.

Yes, ma'am of yes, ma'am out on Netflix now Netflix.

No, what is it? Where is it?

Netflix.

Is it Netflix?

It is Netflix.

All right. You got a lot going on in Netflix.

That old building on Sunset in Van Ness.

You know what I'm saying?

And an air ball coming back from break from Scott Ockerman.

What?

I went from a lamp to an air ball.

Just remember that street that Netflix is located on.

It's directly across the street from somewhere where you spend a ton of time, Scott Ockerman.

And what have been there so long?

I couldn't remember cross streets.

Oh, dear. You can remember the Denny's though.

Can you not?

Denny's.

Always remember the Denny's.

We do have to, by the way, another air ball.

No, you got me in my head.

Oh, one of the worst things that could happen to a basketball player.

But meditation is one of my focuses.

So meditate your way out of this one.

Okay. Yeah. Here we go.

Oh, okay. I'm back.

Wow.

Bill Walton also here.

March Madness is happening.

You can watch any of these games and he'll throw down some interesting facts.

And he will not interview people during games, though.

That's just a fortune.

Okay.

Yeah, we'll find out.

Well, we do have to get to our next guest.

And I have here, he's a famous relative, but I'm not quite sure if that's the most accurate way to describe him.

But please welcome Jackie's Robinson.

Hey, hey, what's up, man?

Hey, man, I'm not a famous relative per se.

I should be, but my ignorant brother took on my spotlight.

You may know him.

Jackie Robinson.

Jackie Robinson is your, did you say your brother?

My ignorant brother.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I didn't want to repeat the ignorant part, because I don't know that I agree with that.

But you know, I got stories.

We're talking about the famous baseball player, right?

Yeah, we're talking about the famous baseball player.

The guy went to the major leagues and ruined my life for the worst.

You ruined your life, really?

Yeah.

What happened?

By the way, for those who don't know what baseball is, it's that little white ball with the red stitches.

Yeah.

They used to be, they used to be orange in the day.

People used to say, really?

Pass me that white and orange ball on the baseball field.

That's what people used to say, but they don't say that no more.

They'll say that no more.

So how did Jackie Robinson, I mean, he's one of the most revered, just ground bright, I mean, Bill Walton can say this much better than I could, but he's looking a little tired.

He's just shouting for the last 20 minutes.

He needs some water.

It occurred to me that I may have been peeking non-stop.

If I audio over the last session, it might be unlistenable.

Oh, no.

We'll leave that up to the engineers in earwolf, some of the greatest engineers of our time.

Sure, the audio waves, what they can do, Robert?

Jacky Robinson to me is one of the great prakers of the color barrier from Jackie Robinson.

All right.

Yeah.

I mean, if you're going to throw that in my face, then I guess I can't say much.

But let me tell you about the real Jackie Robinson.

Okay.

Jackie Robinson closest thieves, close like butter on toast.

We were two beautiful brothers, loved each other.

And then I had a beautiful career going in sports betting.

Sports betting, I was making money because I couldn't throw no baseball.

I couldn't hit no baseball.

Jackie Robinson could hit a baseball.

Jackie Robinson could throw a baseball.

You almost said basketball there.

Did he play basketball?

I know we were talking about basketball.

Maybe it's in your head.

Jackie Robinson played basketball too.

You know, but most people know that.

Jackie Robinson did a lot of things.

Yeah, I know that.

So he's like Michael Jordan, like a reverse Michael Jordan?

He was a reverse Michael Jordan.

You know, he, and I'm finding out, see if something you don't know about midway through his career.

He retired from the game of baseball.

And then he went to go play basketball in the NBA.

He played for the Los Angeles Clippers.

He made a movie called a universe rocks face gym.

That was Michael Jordan.

Okay.

Jackie Robinson, universe.

What?

Universe jelly?

Universe rocks.

Okay.

Universe rocks, which jelly sound great sound track.

Jelly sounds a lot better.

The universe jelly because yeah, yeah.

Yeah, I mean, they could have maybe punched it up, but it was universe rock.

But anyway, he was he went to the majors.

And when he went to the majors, people started not to trust Jackie's Robinson anymore.

It was like, no, you're brother in the major leagues.

You probably get an inside tips or your brother in the major leagues.

You can't bet on sports.

So you know what happened?

You know what happened?

I bet it on sports and I lost because Jackie wouldn't throw a game for me.

Okay.

Let me see if I'm getting this straight.

You used to bet on games before Jackie played.

Yeah.

Really good at it.

You want a lot of money.

Lot of money.

I won $14.

Oh, I guess back when Jackie Robinson before he was playing.

What years are we talking about that?

Oh, you know, you talk in 1930s to 1940s.

40s.

Okay.

She's an older gentleman.

Well, I'm actually my age.

I'm still 29 years old.

Wait, what the hell did that happen?

You don't know.

You don't know some sort of wormhole or?

Well, listen, you know, I bet with the wrong people.

I bet with bucksy and them and I owed them money and I couldn't pay them.

And they put some cement on my feet and threw me in the river.

A little dorado.

You were in suspended animation like Captain America?

Or you're a ghost.

Captain who?

Captain America, he's been very popular over the past since you've been gone.

As Kelly Clarkson said.

Wow. Captain America.

Oh, I didn't know America had captains.

I thought they still had presidents.

That sounds great.

No, he's the well, he's not the leader.

You don't get me started on the Cheeto and cheese, please.

All right.

Why do you get a lot?

How do you get out of the water?

Well, you know, you know, apparently the Earth is warming, what they say.

You know, they call it global warming.

And the ice.

Yes, I've heard about that after the fact because I asked that same question that fortune asked, how did I get out?

And they said the oceans are cooling or they're warming up and you melted your ice melted.

And that's how I got to here.

Now I'm in Los Angeles, California, learning a whole bunch of stuff that I didn't know.

Like apparently Jackie, as you said, was revered.

All right.

So here you're.

He went into the major leagues.

You suddenly were no longer able to bet.

But you asked Jackie to throw a game.

Which game are we talking?

Oh, we're talking, you know, game seven of the World Series.

Wow.

Did they play seven games back then?

Is the World Series?

Oh, you know, they.

This is 1955.

I'm assuming.

They play seven games back then.

They played seven games, you know, they play four one year and then three to next year.

I accidentally.

Okay.

They would come back.

I had to say the third one.

Yeah.

Athletes were not really up to the modern standards back then.

They got very tired.

Yeah.

How much is they proof way?

They both lay four hundred and two pounds.

He was fat.

Wow.

So you asked him to throw a game he refused to and that's what got you killed.

And that's what got me.

That's what got me thrown into the river.

And you know what I'm saying?

If Jackie loved me like a brother supposed to love, then he would have thrown that game from me.

But he didn't.

And now I'm here stuck in 2021.

We're learning a whole bunch of stuff.

I don't know.

Wow.

Yeah.

Wow.

Are you getting the bet now on games?

Well, I don't know sports now.

No, back in the day, you knew everything.

Back in the day, I knew everything.

Now I don't know anything.

I don't know.

There's so many teams.

There's other sports.

Bill, you wanted to say something?

Just that this is one of the great suspended and animation fish out of water back stories of our time from Brendan Fraser's blast from the past.

To Michael J. Fox is back to the future trilogy.

You have to include Unfrozen Caveman lawyer in there as well.

And of course, one of the greatest, greatest premises of all time, the man who went from caveman to lawyer Phil Hartman, one of us and else great character actors, hidden behind a mask in every episode, so much so that he told his own mother about it on a Mother's Day episode of Saturday Night Live.

Wow.

I don't know anything you just say, my man, but you sound like one of them hipsters and I like you.

I like you.

Yeah, you don't know what Saturday Night Live is.

You couldn't even pick your best seven and one has to do update.

I don't know what you just say in my man, but I like you.

I like you.

So my god, no, I mean, everyone loves Jackie Robinson.

Oh.

I mean, he, you know, six time all-star World Series champion in 1955, the National League MVP.

Scott is saying this with his eyes closed, just you're spouting out these facts like a brain man.

That's beautiful.

There was a movie based on his life.

I apparently, but that all could have been Jackie Robinson.

Do you know what a movie is?

Yes, I know what a movie is.

I know when I got thrown into the River Wizard of Oz was the number one movie in America at the time.

This is in the 50s though?

Yes.

There was movies in the 50s, Scott.

I know the Wizard of Oz is the number one movie in 1955.

Oh, yeah.

You know, we didn't have much.

We released a movie every year.

It was a movie every couple years back then.

And they re-released Wizard of Oz.

It was the, the, the, the Donner Cut, I believe that they did have that.

Yes. Yes.

They released it.

The Donner Party Cut.

Yes, the, where Dorothy eats the tin man.

Oh, beautiful movie, beautiful.

And, and beautiful 120p, he was beautiful.

It was nice to have crystal clear.

Well, you've missed a lot.

You've been asleep for 65 years.

I mean, I'm assuming you just woke up or because you're still wet.

You're stopping wet.

I'm stopping wet.

Ask about that.

You know, I heard there was an open Michael on this show and I had to come tell my story.

I, I didn't even attempt to dry off the water cooled and warm down.

And I came right on the talk to you.

You just came right here.

Did you, on the way over, did you ask any kind of questions about the modern world or?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I asked a couple of questions.

The first, first question I asked was, uh, uh, where's, where's the closest Wendy's?

How long was this Wendy's?

How did you know about Wendy's?

Oh, you know, me and Dave, we was, we was buddies.

Me and Dave used to bet together and he told me I got a daughter.

Got a daughter and I'm going to name my burger franchise after her.

My name was Wendy's and a square hamburger.

Oh, yeah.

Did you tell you about that?

No, he told me that out.

He left that one out.

I don't know what you're talking about, but you square hamburgers.

He was a spy dog.

No, he, he.

He can't put a square hamburger.

It was a, you know, out of the box.

He cut off the, uh, the little circular ends of each side of the hamburger.

Yeah.

One of the greatest.

He eats those himself.

Square foods of our times.

And yes, Dave Thomas eats the little ends and that's how it started.

He would eat the crusts off of the PB and J's, but those didn't do as well on the menu.

So he kept the square burgers.

Yeah.

I remember him eating the crust off the PBJ's.

It was beautiful.

It was a beautiful sight.

He was a good man.

So I asked where the first and the closest Wendy's was and they told me.

Where was it?

It was right on some street called Las Aunica.

Las Aunica.

Yeah.

Well, Los Angeles, they built it up over the years.

It's very, or did you float to Los Angeles?

I, yes.

They threw me into the Atlantic and I floated over.

I crossed the Panama Canal.

Yep.

I went through the Panama Canal.

And I came into the Pacific Ocean.

Yeah.

It's very cold, right?

That's, well, that helped.

That saved my life.

How cold it was.

Yes.

The Panama Canal.

You know, Rose about speaks softly and carry a big stick.

Fortune, I think this is more important.

So no other president's father of other presidents and brother to all of mankind.

The Teddy Bear named after Theodore Rose about one of the greats.

Thank you.

Thank you, Bill Wall.

All right.

I'm saying, do you have any family?

Yeah.

I got them now.

I got, yeah.

My, I got a daughter.

She's, she's much older than I am now.

Yeah.

I mean, she, you've been gone for 65 years.

How long does she now?

Oh, she's 70.

Okay.

So you had a five year old daughter.

I had a five year old daughter.

She got grandkids and older than me right now.

Oh my God.

What a weird situation.

And you've, you came right from the beach and you know all this already.

Well, you know, that was the second question I asked somebody.

What happens to the Robinson family?

And they told me they updated me.

They told me.

You have the Wendy's burger.

You suddenly like you're feeling a little better.

Yes.

You're head cleared, right?

Yes.

I had a little bit.

Very hungry.

I was so hungry.

I had it for a long time.

Oh, the last thing I ate was fish.

Celebrity dinner that you didn't even know was a celebrity dinner.

A button to have a great story.

Or a tuna melt.

You know, there was some good tuna.

There was some good fish and I and I was the celebrity in my mind because I was wealthy and I was losing my money and which is why I needed Jackie to bet.

You know, and you weren't eating the fish under the water.

No, I was.

I was trying to stay alive.

I was trying to stay alive and eating the fish under the water.

I thought that you weren't suspended animation.

You heard, but every once in a while you'd wake up and eat a fish and then go back to sleep.

That's right.

You're Thanksgiving dinner.

That's right, Scott.

Listen to the belt on your pants.

Everything's given.

Apparently I will wake up and I will.

A fish would be right by me.

I would just chop it up and suspend back in animation.

Now that's something to be thankful for.

Well, it sounds like global warming worked out well for you.

I mean, apparently.

Plus it's not been great, but.

Is that right?

Well, I think all of our, you know, your daughter and your grand kids and everything.

I mean, we're all projected to die within the end of the century.

There's a lot of avalanches happening right now.

Yeah, wildfires, everything.

But for you, it was great.

It was great for me.

And let me tell you, it's going to be a sad, sad day to see my daughter and my grandbabies die.

But you know, one thing that I will say is people look a little bit better nowadays and they did back then.

So I'm attracted to everybody on Los Angeles right now.

I hope to start a family.

Well, it's kind of a L.A. thing.

I mean, L.A. sevens are, you know, like other states, tens, you know what I mean?

Oh, is that right?

Is that right?

Now I was.

I was a Brooklyn 15.

You were a Brooklyn 15.

I was a Brooklyn 15 back in the day.

So you're in L.A. four.

I'm just looking at you right now.

L.A. is tough.

It's a tough city.

L.A. seven.

I'm not allowed to leave my house.

Is that right?

Yeah.

There was so much nothing's changed apparently from the 50s.

We are not allowed to leave our houses.

No, no, no, that yeah, no, that that's just this year that you have been, we're actually at the tail end of it.

Hopefully we're we're in the middle of a global pandemic.

Yeah.

You were around for the first one in 19.

Oh, the Spanish flu.

Yeah.

I was I was just born.

I was born in 1917.

I got contracted with the Spanish flu when I was two.

Oh, wow.

Which gave me a beautiful mind.

It gave me a beautiful mind.

That's how I knew sports so well.

Like I just knew it was going to happen.

It's like you're attracted to pandemics.

Well, I never thought of it that way.

Yeah, you just you keep it.

You're blaming me for the pandemic.

Yeah, you're like the harbinger of doom.

You're like Bill Skarsgard's character from season one of Kessel Rock.

What is the great?

No, no, no, you're not going to know any of this.

You're not going to say it, but it's just you got to mention streaming services.

He's going to mention Hulu.

He's going to mention Stephen King.

There's a lot of stuff here.

Stephen King universe all in one place.

We're talking of misery, but not just misery.

Who is there?

And all of it on Hulu where you can find the new television show.

Keenan starting the great fortune theme.

There is a sports.

You're doing a dance.

Yeah.

You know, sports.

Is it castor?

You're castor if you're recapping the sports.

Castor of sports.

Oh, also you own TV.

All right.

Yeah.

Well, you got to have a conversation after this is over.

Yeah.

Okay.

You know what TV is it?

It had just been invented.

Yeah.

I can't wait to see some beautiful black and white TV.

Oh, no.

There's there's something even better colors.

Yeah.

They put in colors on TV now.

Okay.

They are here indeed, but they have color.

You know, you've heard of Roy G. Biv, I'm sure.

Oh, whoo.

Okay.

You don't even they didn't invent that back then.

Red.

Oh, G.

G.

B.

The R. G. B.

Yes, yes, yes.

Yes.

R. G. B.

Unfortunately is no longer with us.

And I know she was around.

My apologies to all the fans of R. G. B.

But something had to be done about the term limits.

A message had to be sent.

Oh, no.

No.

R. G. B.

I was going to say, I know.

I mean, you know, I don't know who R. G. B.

Is, but I did have a friend who has three similar initials.

RBG.

Yeah.

I wonder what ever happened.

What about the Bee Gees?

Do you know who the Bee Gees are?

The Bee Gees.

Oh, man. They were five and six years old.

When I went into the water, they were some beautiful kids.

They became famous.

They became famous children.

I knew them as children.

Beautiful singing voices.

And they had like so many number one hits.

They wrote for other artists.

Dolly Parton speaking of good news for boobs.

The white light.

Yo, you knew Dolly Parton.

I knew Dolly Dolly.

What me and Dolly?

What? Don't give me a shot.

She's helping us get out of this pandemic.

She helped with the vaccine.

She helped create the vaccine.

And she also wrote Jolene and I will always love you in the same day.

Wow.

Well, it seems like the world has gotten like a much better place without me.

And the thing that I'm upset about is, a match with the world could have been like with me.

And if Jackie was the one in the water, you could have, I could have bought so much money and capital to this, I mean, he's the guy who refused to throw the game.

They should have thrown him in the water.

It's like, hey, throw the game or we throw you.

They should have did that.

That's what they should have did.

Scott, if I ever get back to my time, I'm bringing you with me to have you talk to, you know, months in all that.

You want to go back to your time.

I do want to go back to my time.

Yeah.

There's so much better nowadays.

I mean, everyone, I mean, look, Jackie Robinson made a big, big difference with cultural perception.

And I think people, you know, I mean, I remember when you came from, I mean, a lot of people were not having so great now and things are minimal.

What's talking about?

That's a great catchphrase from a TV show that was on the 90s show.

Wow, really?

Great catchphrases.

What you're talking about, Willister?

Then I do that from eat my shorts to don't have a cow back.

I don't know what you're saying, brother, but it sounds good, man.

It sounds good.

I actually think you'll like the world a little better.

And a lot of that, or at least a small sliver is due to the change that Jackie Robinson, your brother brought about.

Yeah, he made a big difference.

Well, you know, listen, the only difference I know he made was he took the dodges away from Brooklyn and took them in Los Angeles.

So, you know, but apparently I'm also a bad coin because I bring pandemics.

So maybe the Robinson name just should die with me, you know, maybe it should just die with me.

Yeah.

All Robinson's.

Even Tim Robinson from I think you should leave.

Oh, he's very funny.

Tim Robinson, all the Robinson name should end with me.

It should end it with me.

It's going to end with me.

Swiss family.

I decree it.

Swiss family.

I decree it.

No, they can stay.

They'll switch that.

They said, hi, chocolate.

No, let's Swiss miss one of the funniest haired women on this God's green earth.

Even your nephew, David, who is a coffee grower and social activist in Tanzania?

Oh, my nephew's still alive.

Yeah, he's so.

He's so.

Oh, man, I got a little say.

I got to go say, hey, David, where are you at?

Tasmania.

Tanzania.

Is that how you say it?

Tanzania.

Come to Tasmania.

We mean you.

I don't think you know what that is either.

I don't know that I do either.

The Tasmanian devil, one of the looniest of turns you can come across.

Bugs buddy to Lola, buddy.

Oh, it's normal size breasts in 2021.

What?

Bad news for boobs for fans of space jam.

Unfortunately, whatever.

Bad news for boobs.

That sounds bad.

Also, I'm good.

I'm glad to hear that the looney tunes are still making good comedy.

They're still so funny.

Yeah.

I love them.

I can't wait.

And apparently they got boobs now.

So I can't wait to see that.

I can't wait to see that.

You're horny and want to laugh.

Well, the looney tunes are for you.

It has been 65 years.

So I guess I'm going to go watch what you call it.

Space jam.

Yes.

Check out Space jam.

Well, I mean, sports betting, it's gotten a little more complicated.

There's all these kind of parlays and coin.

You can bet on coin flips now.

I don't know if you use.

Yeah.

In the Super Bowl, was that around back then?

The Super Bowl, was that a toilet?

No, it's the biggest football game of the year.

And they have people like Shakira and J.Lo playing during the halftime.

And the weekend?

Do you like the weekend?

Wait a minute.

Saturday and Sunday have become sentient beings and they play in music.

All right.

That was Bill.

You got to admit that was a layoff.

That was a stud alley from Scott Ockerman, Dr. G.

Robinson.

Wow.

Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, children of all ages, step right up to one of the great set up punchline duos of all time.

Oh my god.

I don't know.

I, to be honest, I kind of wish Jackie Robinson had been thrown in the ice and then woken up like Captain America these days because the one who doesn't need another sports better, but we could use another Jackie Robinson.

Are you saying the world don't need me, Scott?

I mean, you know, what does it you do?

You know, you go hang out in casinos in Vegas.

Vegas became a big popular gambling destination since you've been gone.

Yes, I go to Wendy's.

I hang out in casinos.

I make bets.

I'm the toast of the town here.

And when I was in Brooklyn, I don't know what I could be in Los Angeles.

I think you should give me a chance.

Yeah, I don't even know how much money did you say?

I mean, it's wet money, but when it dries off, how much did you have in your pockets?

Well, I have $14.

I still got them in my pocket.

Okay, not rich anymore.

That's less than what the minimum wage should be.

You spent three at Wendy's.

Three.

I'm going to get something for $3.

My man was 995.

They were dolmen.

Yeah.

Dollar menu, the Wendy's dollar menu, one of the great fast food affordable eats options from a small frosty and fries to a Dave's famous stock.

Junior cheeseburger.

To a junior cheeseburger.

Yeah, I just say inflation has just walked in and said, give me your tastiest burger.

And they passed me this and said that'd be 995.

That's what happened to me.

995, are you out of your mind?

Yeah, no, it was delicious though.

It was delicious.

So all I got left is $5.

But yeah, I mean, there's a lot that's happened.

I mean, hip hop music is now the most popular music and culture in the world.

I mean, we're talking iced tea, ice cube.

Why is there so many ices?

Oh, don't get me started on ices.

Oh, no, one of the greatest.

That one was terrorist bargaining.

No, we don't.

Go ahead, get out the drill.

No.

Yeah, you don't wait a minute.

There's ISIS, the terrorists, ISIS, the cube and ISIS, the tees.

Yeah, but we don't have time to explain ISIS to you.

Q and on.

That's another thing.

Don't even look that up when you get home.

Oh, what a Jackie Robinson's unfrozen brother became a Q follower.

You know, listen, I do like to let a Q.

That sounds like something that sounds like people that I can get.

I can get it.

No, please don't.

Please don't.

Oh, OK.

Don't make that the first thing you look up.

You'll just go down a rabbit hole.

Yeah, OK.

Look up where is my daughter first?

But what do you, I mean, you only have $5 to your name.

What are you going to do?

I mean, that's not going to get you even a hotel room.

Like even a CD flop house wouldn't put you up for $5 a night.

Well, I was hoping that one of y'all would make a bet with me.

You know, one of the greatest betters of our time.

I was hoping one of y'all would make a bet with me.

Give me back on the right foot.

So that's what I was hoping for.

Yeah, sure.

What do you want to bet on?

Well, you know, I was listening to, you know, there was something that Bill said, comes from called March Madness, March Madness, right?

March Madness.

I can get you plus 300 on all the Arkansas Razorbacks, winning the SEC tournament.

Well, no, that's not.

I don't know what that means, but what I know.

Well, the types of bets that you used to make were like, will the Dodgers win?

Yes, that's exactly that's all the best I used to make.

But I had one bet.

I got another bet, you know, because I don't know who's in the game.

And now what?

But Scott, I will bet you.

Okay.

My $5, and if you lose, you have to pay me 500% of that.

Okay.

So I'll pay you the equivalent of $5, 1950s now.

Yes, absolutely.

Okay.

That's right.

That's man money.

Okay.

Bill, you wouldn't know the answer to this.

How many teams are in March Madness?

And you want me to say?

Yes, Scott, I want you to answer that.

This is it.

Oh, yeah.

Scott agreed to the bet.

I agree.

Yeah, I agree to it.

Yeah.

I said it earlier in this episode, when I was defining March Madness before.

Yeah.

I got to say it's between 64 to 66.

Wow, Scott, what the memory recall?

You never know if you're doing a podcast and the host is listening or just on autopilot, but Scott remembered every word.

Oh, remember, you're taking my last $5.

Give me that $5.

Wow, somebody throw me back in the ocean.

All right, who's going to throw him back in the ocean?

I'm going to back, but I'll walk you in the ocean and let you walk on out and eat sort of a water- Teach a man to swim out to the ocean and heal.

I'm going to go to Venice.

It froze in my lifetime.

So, uh, hop in my car.

Screw jacket for making me lose 65 years of my life.

Ah, this is terrible.

The wrong brother is alive.

That's all I have to say.

This is a terrible situation.

Oh, man, take his money in.

Take my money and take my pride.

All right, well, look, guys, we are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show, and that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

I'm not a hologram, but I play one on TV.

From 1989 to 93.

I'm here to help my friend, whose name is Dr. Sim.

Every week I try and hope I can.

I was a cigar man and I play one on TV.

In a show you may be no car quality.

Oh, nice.

That was the Ballad of Dean Stockwell by Barnacle Joe.

I don't know what that racket was.

I just heard it, but it sounded bad.

That's what music sounds like now.

That what music sounds like now?

Well, there's also, I mentioned hip hop earlier.

There's hip hop and R&B, you know, I mean, I don't know.

Okay.

And Dean Stockwell, you can always count on Dean Stockwell to deliver.

From Quantum Leap to Battlestar Galactica, Dean Stockwell fans love the man.

Yep, that is true.

Get acquainted with Dean Stockwell, Jackie.

The way this man fights with a little handheld computer that he's also kind of has a weird relationship with as a hologram is amazing and quite to leap.

Of course, of course.

All right, guys.

What do we plug in?

Fortune, you have a lot of stuff out.

Let's get to it.

What do you got to plug here?

There's yesterday on Netflix, and Netflix afterparty whenever the next episode eventually comes out.

I have a podcast called Sincerely Fortune, and I'll be going back on the road, hopefully in the fall.

So I'll be announcing tour dates and like a couple weeks.

Let's have your first field trip outside of your house is to go see Fortune Feemster in theater near you.

Incredible.

Let's see, Bill Walton, what do you want to plug?

Well, I suppose I would rather rock it to the moon of the options I've been given here.

Is this not the one you rather section?

No, no, no, no.

You always make this mistake.

No, this is how you heard a theme song, so you got a little thrown off.

Yes.

No, this is where we're plugging our projects.

Oh, well, obviously.

I actually am not sure if I do the March Madness commentary, but keep an eye out on ESPN for me.

Make sure you make your voice heard about ending term limits across the United States.

And check out BigGronDay website.com for a comedy podcast project from the comedy group, BigGron Day, and Easter projects coming out around the corner.

Oh, and of course, patreon.com slash you're the man now dog for an improv and conversation podcast.

All right.

And Jackie's Robinson.

What?

I mean, look, you just got out of the water.

I just got out of the water, but you know, the fifth question I asked the person is, I'm on my way to a podcast.

What are I doing?

They say you got to have something to plug.

And I found out what the plug is.

And the sixth question I asked is, does anybody else have my name?

And I found out there's this young brother, his name is Jackie's Neil, who has my name.

So I looked into what he's doing and I got some things to say about him.

He's a smart man, beautiful man.

He had a show here on Earwolf called Culture Kings.

It got nominated for a podcast that your show is podcast nominated for Scott Ockleman.

Oh, yeah.

I saw your face on there.

So that's a good thing.

Oh, yeah.

The the mark of quality.

Yes.

The mark of quality is your face.

And he's on the same poster as your face.

And he has a number.

No, no, no, no, no.

Podcasting.

The who?

Sure.

But who are you?

Yeah, you don't know.

Paul.

You probably know Paul Newman.

Oh, I know Paul Newman.

Paul Newman was old when I was young.

But you don't know Newman from Seinfeld.

No, I don't know who Seinfeld is.

That sounds weird.

It sounds weird.

But also check out Jackie's new show.

It's something called The Cast with Ray and Jackie's.

It's going to be really funny.

I'm going to check it out when I learn what a podcast actually is.

That's like radio, but on your iPod.

Never mind.

Why am I even bothering?

Do I don't have a home?

You don't have $5.

Yeah, you got to find a home for your service.

Focasts are free.

Don't ever fall for this whole Patreon thing where people are asking you to pay for them.

Well, I call now.

That's not a home.

Somebody told me something about Stitch-a-Prymium.

No, no, no, no, no.

Podcasts are free.

Oh, OK.

All right.

Well, they're the best value for your money.

Cheaper than Wendy's dollar menu.

Thank you.

Well, I don't know.

I didn't do too well at Wendy's.

So we'll see how I do.

See how I do a podcast.

Yeah.

I want to plug, speaking of podcasts, the nominated for that very same award, the podcast, Freedom, which is just myself, Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkis sitting around shooting the shit and playing games and talking with each other.

We tape it out here in my backyard.

And that's every Thursday.

So fans of this show should like that show.

So listen to it every Thursday.

It comes out for free for free.

All right.

We're going to close it up, but we have a brand new remix.

Let's hear this one.

This is Brassmouth Plug Bag Remix by Brendan Hogan.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You got to open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure you got oxygen.

I see you dancing at the disco deck.

I can't really be friends.

I see you dancing at the disco deck.

Wow.

That really took some liberties with it, but I really enjoyed it.

Thanks so much to Brendan Hogan.

If you have a remix, send it on by, I don't know that we've repeated a remix this entire year.

This has been great.

Thanks so much for all the remixes.

And speaking of thanks, guys, I want to thank you so much for being here.

Fortune, great to have you on the show for the first time.

A wonderful addition to the canon.

Thank you, Skye.

It was a blast, and I appreciate you having me on here.

But of course.

And Bill Walton, always great to see you.

Congratulations to March Madness.

I know that come April 1, you're going to just slip into that hot tub and get a little bit of bubbly and say, God, I did it, didn't I?

Well, March Madness does last usually a week or two into April, but I do get on the hot tub and hot April fools, mostly because every year I trick myself into thinking my bathtub is a hot tub.

And I'm full.

A wonderful, wonderful tradition.

And Jackie Robinson, so great to see you.

I'm sorry I took your money, but I would give it back, but a bet is a bet.

And I did not wish.

Yeah, a bet is a bet.

That's one of the things I believe in.

I wouldn't ask for my money back.

Did you make any bets before you got frozen that might have paid off and you have money just waiting for you?

Oh, well, I don't know.

I bet it at some point, this was a stupid bet, but somebody was like, pick a fruit.

And I was like, Apple.

I was like, Apple.

And I was like, I bet you, I bet you $20 million.

I just said that.

$20 million that one day, this name is going to be one of the most famous names of all time.

And I don't know how it shook out, but I'm sure I was.

Who is this guy that you bet?

Did he have a name that was sort of like what he was giving out to people?

Something Steve, Steve, where was Steve?

Was he wearing a black turtleneck?

Steve Jobs.

Yeah, he was wearing a black turtleneck.

Wow, that's good.

That's good.

Robinson.

Good news.

You have $20 million in an escrow account somewhere.

What?

Is that for real?

That's for real.

But I don't know what an escrow is, but as soon as I find out, I'm going to go ahead and eat it.

But let me tell you, it's not $20 million in $50.

It's $20 million now, which is sort of like, I don't know, that might get you a house here in LA.

Damn.

With no privacy.

Yeah, things have changed.

Might get you a nice tutor out in Silver Lake, nothing on the West Side certainly.

Oh, damn.

With $14, I used to have a beautiful upper east side apartment in Manhattan.

Sorry, no.

Yeah, time to change.

But hey, it's something.

It's a start.

$20 million is a start.

So good for you.

All right, well, I can't wait to spend it.

OK, well, congratulations to you.

And congratulations to you all.

We will see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You I'm going to go back to the next slide.
