♪♪ I ate that plum with such a plum.

It came out my bum just like a bomb.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you to Chaz Freemont the third.

Or that might be Chaz Freemont Hill or Chaz Freemont-al.

However, you want to interpret those vertical stroke marks.

Stroke marks.

That's how you call those cents.

That's kind of dirty.

Thank you to Chaz Freemont the third, though, for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

By the way, speaking of catchphrase submissions, last week, catchphrase superstar 2D, but 2D, but.

Submitted a previously submitted catchphrase on the show and just rewrote the end to it and then submitted it like it was new.

Well, that's catchphrase submission shenanigans and I want nothing to do with that 2D, but 2D, but you are on notice.

Don't go submitting old catchphrases and trick me.

And just because I liked him before, I'll probably like him again.

Don't go tricking me.

I don't like it.

Chaz Freemont the third, though.

Thank you so much for that.

And welcome to the show.

Scott Ockerman here.

We have a great show today.

We have coming up on the show in A-Block.

Again, we have an entertainer.

That'll be very exciting.

We'll be talking to him about his upcoming movie, Coming Out This Friday.

We also have a dental hygienist.

We also have, oh, this is interesting.

I have one of my stalkers is on the show.

Oh, OK.

All right.

Well, interested in talking to them about exactly what they like about me and what they're doing to stalk me.

So that'll be interesting.

But let's just get to it.

Let us, Terry, no further.

Our first guest is the aforementioned entertainer and what an entertaining one he is.

He's entertained us for decades at this point.

Ever since he started out as a member of the seminal sketch group, The States, which people can see on Paramount Plus, I believe right now.

Paramount.

This is an episode myself.

Paramount Plus.

Thank you, Hot Sauce for Men.

And seminal means full of semen?

Blood, piss, semen, everything.

Yeah, you have all my good diseases.

We're going with all of the juices.

All of the juices.

All the fixings, as we call it.

When I think of a very, very juicy comedy group, I definitely think of the state.

Well, you guys had 10 members that produce semen and only one that produced ovaries, isn't that right?

That's right.

She produced so many ovaries.

As I mean, I haven't read any books on that, but I think that is how that works.

She produces them, meaning shows them to her suitors.

Yeah, that's right.

I mean, for the record, there were other women in the state before Carrie killed them all.

Are you familiar with Game of Thrones?

I actually, here's a weird detail.

Are you ready for this?

I am a replacement member of the state, Scott.

Whoa, who did you replace?

I replaced a wonderful New York actor named George Demas, who is still my friend to this day.

He's a terrific actor.

A little more, he has maybe a touch more gravitas than I have.

Well, you have plenty of gravitas.

I mean, that's one thing about it, but I don't want to say your name because I haven't introduced you yet, but that's the one thing about you.

Oh, yeah, for us.

And actors such as yourself from things like Dark Knight and the other thing where you played a doctor for Christopher Nolan, you have plenty of gravitas.

Sure.

I can't remember the name of that movie about the guy I can't remember anything but sure.

Inception in Somnia, one of his in movies.

In and outs.

It's called Secret Menu.

It's called Tenement and it goes backwards and forth, which is interesting because the word, I don't know if you know that the word Tenement is the same backwards as foreword, Scott.

I did know that.

Yeah, but this is weird because the nose on my face nose is another word that's a palindrome.

And the word palindrome is also a palindrome.

It is.

So yes, Scott, weird piece of trivia that I've never told you.

I'm not an, I am a, I joined the state a year and a half after it was formed as the new group.

It was a, it was a terrible time.

If you've ever been in a comedy group and hot sauce for men, I believe you know what it's like to work in a comedy circles.

It's intense.

I've circled comedy, I think is how you describe it.

I've been on the perimeter of it kind of going, you should, I dip my toe into this, I'm not quite sure.

Oh, there is nobody hanging out right next to that pool closer than you are.

But I am close to the pool, I'm not in the pool.

We should.

You're, there's been time.

I've seen you waiting around, sir.

I was just, I was just thinking about Mr. Show the other day.

Really, were you thinking about January 6th?

I was thinking about, that's exactly, I was thinking about the wonderful, the, the Hitler's, Hitler's apple butter sketch.

Should you have anything to do with Hitler's apple butter?

That was one of my first episodes I worked on.

I didn't, I didn't, I did not write that.

Although it was a, it was a, what we call a, not a transition.

What do we call those?

We call them links.

It was a link and that, that, that first episode of season four has terribly lazy links.

And I believe that was because I was a new writer on it.

But, but it is a funny one.

But, it's such a funny one.

I think, I think it came up because either like for Reno 911, oh, I'm sorry, spoilers of who I am.

Did you say Ken Marino 911 or just Reno 911?

No, no, no, we're doing a show now called Ken Marino 911.

It just, here's what happened.

He just calls, he calls 911 every time he's listening to Paul.

He just, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, he's, well here, okay, okay, hot sauce for men.

You ready for this?

I am very, very.

If there were a show called Ken Marino 911, I, unnamed guest on your show coming up, have only been to the hospital, like in an emergency, three times in my life.

Of the, two out of the three times I've had to go to the emergency room, Ken Marino took me.

Huh?

So Ken Marino 911 is not a far-fetched idea, sir.

Right, so he would be responding to 911 calls.

This is goal.

Yes, so the first time Ken Marino took me to the emergency room was in New York, I had a nosebleed that wouldn't stop.

Oh.

Like for a day.

24 hours of bleeding out of the nose.

It was really bad.

It was really, really, really bad, really bad.

By the way, and then we sat in the waiting room with two NYPD cops and they taught us the trick that you gotta learn once your nose starts bleeding a lot.

Pinch the bridge, guys.

Pinch the bridge of your nose.

How do New York City cops know this?

Because they're so used to inflicting this on people.

Believe it or not.

So, and then the second time Ken Marino rushed me to a hospital, and this was maybe the best time.

We are in the Greek Island hot sauce for men.

You're super familiar with the Greek Island of Mika-nose.

All of the Greek islands, Mika-nose, et cetera.

You love the sicklades, I believe they're called.

So, we had slept in me and Marino and Joe Littur-Glio, Dave Wayne, work catn around the Greek islands like you used to do.

We have not slept in two or three days.

But in those two or three days, we've done nothing but drink pure Uzo all day long in the hot sun.

How, that would put me to sleep.

How are you staying up for 72 hours?

None of us have ever slept yet.

So, the guy, we all rent these Vespa's me, Joe Littur-Glio, star of Brooklyn 911.

The guy says, do you know how to ride, to work the gears on a Vespa?

And we all say because we're comedians from New York, we say, of course we do.

Now, it turns out this wasn't actually true.

I did not know how the gears worked.

There's like a foot thing and a hand thing.

And we're heading up this hill, my first hill on a real Vespa, and I start, I'm like, I gotta shift down so I can get up the hill.

I shift and the Vespa starts going, me, me, me, me, me, me, you, you, you, you, you, you.

Little Gary?

Little Gary, are you back?

You actually, you really got me there.

Oh, sorry, I heard a friend of mine.

Well, no, actually the Vespa starts going, I am the food, I am the french fry.

I swear to God that's, I am the guy.

Your Vespa sounds like an old friend of mine.

I never cared for those episodes, to be honest, they're real dividers.

Anyway, so I hit the top of the hill and I realized, oh, I'd been shifting into like, I didn't know what I was doing.

So anyway, I got to the top of the hill, the Vespa kicked into gear at like 50, 55 miles per hour, which I was not ready for.

So I laid down this Vespa on a road in Meekynos, you know, going about 50-ish or something.

I'm wearing linen pants and a linen shirt, which are all shredded.

I decided to protect the Vespa with my body.

Oh, and not your, your own body with the Vespa?

That's, I know it would have been in hindsight, that would have been a really great moves, God.

But you had a deposit on this Vespa.

I had a deposit on the thing and the guy had taken a picture of my passport or something.

So I decided to save the Vespa, rip my hand, clean open.

I had road rash from my hip to my ankle.

Camarino basically throws me into his arms, like, like some sort of living Adonis.

And he runs up the hill with me to the nearest house because I'm gushing blood from most parts of my body.

The Cape Bush special.

The Cape Bush special, we're running up that hill with no problem.

The weird thing though, is it did hurt me.

Do you want to know how it feels?

Hot sauce for men.

So we get to a house and it was too, of the handsomest, it was like a super handsome American gay couple opened the door.

And there's shirtless Camarino holding me like the PA-Taw gushing blood.

So I guess the answer is, Camarino 911, pretty good show.

Amazing.

Have you guys slept since then or no?

No, we definitely took like a disco nap.

Okay, you slept about 15 minutes since then?

Yeah, we took it so much like a 15 minute.

We kind of closed our eyes and in the meantime, you know, I'm in between like children's hospital and...

Night at the museum too?

Night at the museum too.

Well, let's talk about your credits, Tom.

It wasn't an amazing show business story.

Thank you so much for that.

But, and I said your name as well.

So let's just introduce you.

Oh you did, oh hey, fun.

Night at the museum, night at the museum too.

We have Viva Variety, which I don't see on Paramount Plus.

I would like to see it on Paramount Plus.

Literally working on that as we speak.

There's a series of emails in the inbox about it.

Could you also join some emails regarding the show that you executive produced with me, bajillion dollar properties?

That would be great.

Would love to get that up on Paramount Plus as well.

That's so doable, but isn't that owned by...

It's owned by Paramount.

No? It is?

Paramount, yes.

Let's get it up.

Okay, I know the guy to call, I can do that.

All right, very good.

You, he has an upcoming movie coming up this Friday called Shop Lifters of the World.

But please welcome back to the show, Thomas Lennon.

Hello.

Thank you so much.

It's nice to really great to be here.

I mean, I did mention your movie coming out this Friday.

Let's talk about it for a second.

Shop Lifters of the World.

It's a great picture.

But it's funny, I was in a movie with Rob Hubel.

That Rob Hubel actually suggested that I be in.

And that movie was called What to Expect when you're expecting.

So I checked in with Rob and I was like, I don't know, this seems like kind of a cheese ball movie.

Rob's like, doesn't matter, we're gonna be in it.

It's gonna be awesome.

Nobody cares, we'll get rich.

It's gonna be a big hit.

So, came true for you.

I mean, I would worry about Rob.

It had nothing to do with the movie though.

I mean, that was interesting.

Sure, yeah.

So, but maybe he just knew that, you know, if you were in this movie, it would lead to the creative juices flowing in such a way that you would right-night at the museum.

A bunch of fun stuff happened, which is we went down to Atlanta, we made the movie, we got to dance around with J-Lo a couple times.

That's fun, right?

Oh, fun.

So fun.

So, and one of the other things is one of the other, like guys who plays a dad in that movie is Joe Manchinello.

Do you know Joe Manchinello?

I do not know him personally, but I know his work, of course, from the recent P-Zero movie.

Yeah, solid wall of muscle.

Usually he's cast as like shirtless sex wolf.

Or he's cast as like a door that, you know, you need to break down in order to access a room.

Right.

Magic sex door.

I believe in Magic Mike, he plays, isn't this character a magic mic called sex door?

I don't know.

Or sex door, I'm not sure.

The soft cells.

He's one of, he's an astonishingly, he's like a real specimen of a man.

Right, yeah.

I believe in Magic Mike, he pumps up his penis.

Did somebody say, did somebody say, pump up a penis?

Whoa, who's this?

Is someone zoom jacking us?

I just, you got zoom jacked.

I was driving around in my car listening to the podcast and I had to call in, cause I heard somebody talking about pumping up a penis.

Nah.

Wait a minute, who's this?

Is this, this is?

Cockblockerman, you know who this is.

This is Rob Heable.

Whoa, wait a minute, you heard your name and you just magically appear?

I heard my name on the podcast, driving around in my car.

Somebody implied that I was not rich.

I am rich, okay.

How else would I afford this Honda Civic that I'm driving at?

Ah, I apologize here.

Tom, I hope you don't mind.

We, oh my gosh, no please.

This is, you were just talking about him.

Hold on, let me introduce him.

Can we introduce him, I guess?

Yeah.

Yeah, you know him with me today.

I guess he's my special co-host today.

You know him from MTV's Human Giant.

He played the bad guy in the film.

I love you, man.

Bad guy.

There was no bad guy.

Okay, well he played the man with a different point of view from the protagonist.

I was just tan.

Okay, all right, okay.

So he played the tan guy, pardon me.

And you can see him in medical police on Netflix.

Is that right?

Yeah.

Playing another bad guy or a tan guy, pretty pale guy with.

Pale.

Pretty pale in this one.

Please welcome Rob Heable.

Thank you for having me, Scott Ockerman.

This is, this is exciting.

This is so exciting, I have to say.

I just want to get straight.

What this show is about, is this show going to be funny or?

The show you're on right now?

Yeah, or do we just talk about stuff that is funny?

No, no, yeah, no.

The show is deadly, deadly, dry.

And we just explain why.

Yeah, we explain why something is funny.

So we're going to take and stir up.

Yeah, that's all it is.

That's all we're really going to do.

And now, okay, so now I mentioned you're part of Human Giant, correct?

You're one third of Human Giant?

Or you're one fifth?

I don't know how you guys divvy.

Yeah, I think I'm a third.

Does the z's get more?

Does he like two thirds?

Yeah, it's done by height.

So I'm four thirds.

Wait, no, let me think about that.

Yeah, we do the show.

And are you still doing the show?

Is that that's the number one question you get, I bet.

Yeah, people do keep asking us that.

I think we'll probably do some more stuff.

You know, right now we're all just kind of doing things.

Right now, you're doing different things.

Yeah, like right now, we're working on a movie script.

I've got to see that stuff.

But it's good, it's good.

Yeah, everybody's doing different stuff.

Yeah, sure, that's what happens to fans all the time.

They do different things.

Yeah, we have solo projects.

And they'll always get back together.

Wait guys, I'm sorry.

Am I pretending that I'm here or not?

You're pretty... Yeah, well, I know I introduced you, but you're pretending like you're not here at this point.

Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah.

So we'll just tease...

No, no, no, no, no.

No, no, we'll just...

No, we're gonna tease you.

All right, from Reno 9-11, also from I Love You Man.

Hey, Scott. Yeah.

Real quick timeout.

We try not to say 9-11 when we say the name of the show.

You don't call it Reno 9-11?

Well, we try not to invoke the worst history, basically in the history of the United States.

Oh, okay.

I mean, I don't know, Pearl Harbor death count is higher?

No, I don't think so. No, it's not.

No, I don't think it is.

When you created the show, did you actually think of calling it Reno Pearl Harbor?

We did, but you know, we felt like that was a little bit from grandma's attic.

Yeah, it's confusing, yeah.

It was a tragedy that was just too old-timey.

Yeah.

Have we even finished the introduction?

Did we say it's Tom Lennon yet?

No, it's Tom Lennon, that's true.

I mean, this is his second introduction.

Hello, guys.

It's so great to have you on the show together again.

Rob, this is just a surprise.

What a pleasure. I'm telling you.

I gotta see that human giant script, you guys.

You gotta see it.

We'll talk about our solo projects more later, I hope.

Right.

So many solo projects.

By the way, Rob called in from his car, right as I was plugging, Shop Lifters of the World with Joe Mangenello, who we met on a beautiful picture in Atlanta.

You guys both know Joe Mangenello, is that correct?

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

We've seen him do push-ups and stuff.

Yeah, we've seen him do push-ups and push-ups.

So did he do in a row?

Or did he do them all?

Like he did one, he took a break, was out of breath.

And then he's like, okay, he went back to it after about 10 minutes.

It was more like that, yeah.

Yeah, he took a little break.

He took a little break.

But yeah, he's in really good shape.

I haven't seen him in a while.

I'm assuming he's- He's human-shaped as far as I'm concerned.

He's not square, he's not circular.

Talk about human giant.

Wait, I'm going to movie with Joe Mangenello.

We're plugging human giant's new movie that's coming up, Rob, is that correct?

No, there's no movie coming up.

But- Right, right, right.

Intro script.

Yeah, there's a script.

Right, right, right.

Because that, by the way, do we ever address that now, Scott, how many times have we done the intro?

I don't know what you're talking about when you say that, but- Oh, right, right, right, right.

Sorry, it's an Easter egg, right?

I was- We're just having a free-flowing conversation here.

Right, right.

That is an organic combo.

It's not a Easter egg.

I asked about the things that I wanted to ask about.

You know, the origin of Rideau 911's name, human giant.

Anybody want to, any callers want to guess my favorite human giant sketch just for fun?

All right, do we have a caller?

Let's go to the calls.

Yes, caller, you're on the air.

Yeah, is this Tom?

Yeah, it is.

And by the way, I should note, I'm authorized to do this.

If you get it correct, it is a free membership to CISO.

Oh, okay, great.

So lots on the line here.

What's your name, sir?

Oh, my name's- Or ma'am?

My name's Ken.

Ken, oh wait, it's not Ken Reno 911, is it?

No, I heard that joke.

That was funny.

Thank you so much.

What'd you want to call about?

Ken?

Let me guess the Tom Lennon's favorite human giant sketch.

My favorite human giant sketch?

Let's do it.

All right, what's your guess?

I remember.

Is it- Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Free access to CISO is writing on this.

Free access to CISO for life.

The life of CISO, not your life.

Is it the one where Z's and Paul are the magicians?

No, no, I'm not fond of that one actually, not at all.

Oh.

You got a second?

I'm so sorry.

Okay, goodbye.

Oh, God.

That's all you heard of him.

All business with Ken.

Man, I thought that was going to play out a lot more fun than that, but Ken was just disappointed.

He really liked that magic one.

Yeah, let's go to the calls again.

Oh, we're going to keep guessing.

Let's keep guessing.

Again.

Yeah, hello.

Lifetown supply of CISO.

My name's Kelsey.

Hi Kelsey.

So, Rayla.

Talk to you.

Were you just listening to Comedy Bank Bank in your car and you decided to call in?

I was, yeah.

I was listening into it in my Honda Fit.

Did at trivia Kelsey, did you know that Sid Vicious died at the Kelsey Hotel?

You know Honda Fit.

Yep.

What?

Go ahead Kelsey.

Go ahead.

Go ahead Kelsey.

Okay, I guess.

You have a guess for us?

Yeah.

I guess is your favorite sketch, my favorite sketch, which is the Stefan one.

Stefan, is that the guy who knows all the nightclubs?

Yeah, I think he has the hotel.

He has the right time, is that it?

At least Mrs. Tanster's face.

That's weird because that actually, but my number two is a kid who's possessed by the devil and my number one is Stefan.

Was my favorite.

Kelsey, congratulations.

Yeah.

So, hot sauce for men teller what she's won.

You win a subscription and access.

All premiere access to CISO for life.

CISO for life.

Oh my God.

If you see something, say something.

At CISO.

See something, say something.

That means if you find a baby in the subway or you see an old person being stabbed to death, CISO, just think CISO.

Just think CISO any time you see one of those horrible events.

Kelsey will be sending that out to you.

Where do you live?

I live in Vermont.

All right Kelsey, so great talking to you.

We love you.

Love you.

Oh, I got her to say it.

All right.

Wow, that was exciting.

Rob, what do you think about that Stefan?

That was really cool.

You played Stefan didn't you?

I think she was confused.

I don't want to hurt her feelings.

I wanted to wait until she was off the air.

That is cool that people who listen to this in their car radios.

Do you like to hurt women's feelings when they're off the air?

Ah, let me think of the way you worded that.

No, no.

When did you stop beating your wife?

OK.

Um, and by the way, Tom, did Sydney just die in the Kelsey Hotel?

Are you pronouncing that correctly?

I believe I think I am.

But I mean, maybe there's a caller who could.

I'm pretty.

OK, let's go to the calls.

Call her.

Hello, are you there?

Hello.

Oh, hey, we have a couple calling us.

Hey, how are you guys?

I got to mute myself because I don't want to hurt her feelings on the air.

Oh, OK.

OK.

Hi, guys.

What are your names?

Oh, no, it's me, Kelsey.

So I'll get off.

Oh, who's with Kelsey?

Kelsey, you've got to hang up.

Please hang up.

Hey, this is Roger.

Hey, Roger.

Are you there with Kelsey?

I mean, I see her.

Yeah, I hit his car with my Honda say.

Oh, you got us at a fender bender.

Guys, please move your vehicles to the side of the road.

Yeah, do you should not be calling us while you're driving?

Is this her insurance company?

Is this Kiko?

Oh, no, but.

Oh, no, I'm sorry.

This is Comedy Bang Bang.

It's a comedy podcast.

And we're talking about the step on.

Are you a fan of Stefan on SNL?

Oh, yeah, definitely.

Yeah.

Oh, I think I hear the police.

Who's car's police?

She hit my car.

We got to move.

And you guys, we got to get these off the side of the road.

We got to get them to the side of the road.

OK, officer, officer.

Yeah.

What do you guys do?

You guys on a podcast?

Yeah, officer.

You assess the situation immediately.

We got to get these cars to the side of the road.

OK, this isn't Reno 911 or Reno 911.

OK.

Pull the cars.

Pull the cars to the side of the road.

Hey, Roger.

I want to say to both of you, I know you've had a bad day and this collision and everything.

But I think Scott and I are going to set you up with Scott, tell them what they're going to get.

Roger and officer, whatever your name is, you both have one.

What is your name?

TJ Bardoski.

Officer Bardoski and Roger, you've both won CISO for a lie.

CISO for a lie.

All right.

Hi.

See something, say something.

That's right.

All the episodes that were on Quibi are there now.

Hey, guys.

Here's the deal.

It's CISO for life, but it's right now.

Currently, it's one password.

So all the rasping is just at the same time.

Don't log into the same time, obviously.

If you could just kind of figure it out, do a little chart and figure out when you're using it.

If you guys can do a schedule, a shared schedule, between the three of you.

That would be great.

I've got a big screen.

I'm just saying, I've got a big screen.

Oh, maybe you could all join Roger at his house.

Where do you live, Roger?

Burbank.

What are you doing in Virginia?

Road trip.

Vermont.

Got it.

Well, yeah, I don't know whether Kelsey, you can make the trip out to Burbank to help him out.

I don't leave the state.

You've never left the state?

No.

That sounds a lot like Tom Lennon, not the guy he replaced.

Very nice.

It all comes back home.

Don't miss me and an actual human giant, Joe Man-Jinello, a picture.

The picture.

I have a feeling we're going to be reenacting this conversation for years.

John Lifters of the world, unite and take over on demand or casual request this coming Friday.

Polite request.

We need to take a break if that's okay.

Rob, can you stick around or are you leaving?

I can stick around.

Let me, somebody should ask Officer Barduski.

I got to go, but this is a fucked up episode.

Wait, wait, don't tell me.

Okay, sorry about that, Officer Barduski.

Roger, Kelsey, good luck.

When we come back, we'll have more from Tom Lennon.

We'll have more from Rob Hubel.

Right.

I'm Michael Hygenist and my Stalker.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

We have Thomas Lennon from shop lifters of the world out this Friday upon Polite request.

And this is a movie, we talked about it a little bit, but it's a movie about the day that the Smiths broke up and it's based on a true story.

Isn't that right?

It is based on a possibly true story, so I'm told from the lore of the band, the Smiths, which is the day that they broke up, a young man in Denver, like held a DJ hostage and made him play the Smiths for 24 hours straight.

Yeah.

That's right.

And you play another character based upon a real life person, a record store.

I play a horror story.

Have you seen the picture, Scott?

I saw a little bit of the picture, yes.

Did you see the part of the picture that I'm in?

Yes.

I'm assuming that you were just in that one part.

Oh, so you didn't watch to the end.

Look, very busy man, had to record a podcast today.

Can't just sit around watching movies in the morning.

Okay.

Well, I highly recommend you get to the end of Shop Lipsters of the World starring Joe Manchin alone, co-star of What to Expect and You're Expecting with Rob Huell of Human Giant.

It's the beginning of whom.

Here he is.

Rob Huell is joining us today as well.

Always great to have these guys on the show.

I do play the bad guy in.

I love you, man.

That's right.

That's a bad guy.

You're a tan guy.

I'm tan.

Are we switching parts?

All right, guys, but we do need to get to our next guest.

What do you say?

She is a dental hygienist.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Lindsey McMulligan.

Hi, Scott.

Thank you so much for having me on.

This is so exciting.

It's my pleasure.

Wonderful to meet you.

This is Tom.

This is Rob.

Hi, guys.

Hello.

Hi, big fan.

Hey.

How'd you hear about me?

No, I meant you are a big fan of us.

Oh, yeah.

First, very so.

It's such a big man.

Hey, Lindsey, are you wearing an invisible line or something like that in your mouth?

A retainer of some sort?

Oh, my gosh.

You.

How did you notice?

Nobody ever notices.

I don't know.

It's not invisible.

They say it's invisible.

It's not invisible.

Yeah, it's more clear.

They should call it clear line.

Yeah, yeah.

No, that's true.

Wait, keep talking about that.

Lindsey, what did you come on the show to talk about?

Why are you?

So I'm actually here because I just got back from the lake and I had the best time at the lake, Scott.

I can't even tell you.

Oh, OK.

I wonder.

And you wanted to talk about it on the show today?

Yeah, I did.

Oh, OK, great.

Tell us what did you do at the lake?

Well, basically, we go to the lake every year with my family.

I have a huge family.

Which lake are we talking about?

Lake period.

Oh, Lake period.

Lake period.

It's up.

So I like that.

Where is Lake period?

Did you do that one of the Great Lakes?

Lindsey, did you say Lake Superior or Lake period?

Lake period.

It's one of the Great Lakes.

It's near Lake Erie and Lake Michigan.

People swimming in that lake?

About one week a month.

It's open.

It's open year round.

And so I always go up.

My family had the house up there.

So me and my family go up to the lake.

And it's just like my time to shine.

It's where I really like let down my hair, especially, you know, just like we play games and we water skiing and we boat skiing and all that stuff.

And then.

What is the difference between water skiing and boat skiing?

I've always.

People are stuck with that.

Boat skiing, where people are skiing on the boat.

Like the skis stay on the boat.

So water skiing, you're skiing behind the boat.

Boat skiing, you're skiing in front of the boat.

So you're pulling the boat.

Yeah, you're pulling the boat.

Hey, Lindsey, can I just ask if you want?

Have you thought about monetizing this?

Because our friend Scott makes a lot of money doing a podcast.

And have you thought about doing like a news from like Woke Begon?

But it's about your experience at Lake period.

Wow.

And you just did like every week you come in and you do like, hey, here's the news from.

Yeah, a little week at Lake period.

Home spun stories, sort of like the home spun stories.

Yes.

So that's a really good idea.

I just like, I don't know that I have the confidence.

Although when I get up to the lake, I really do like get this boost of confidence.

Yeah.

Something about.

Especially with playing the games and the watching here.

The legs are hair down.

And just being around like my brothers and you know, my hot brother came this time and it was just like such an invigoration.

Like I just.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, hold on.

You're hot.

Hold on.

One second.

You're hot brother?

My hot brother.

My hot brother, Davi Day.

Just for a visual reference since the.

Like Joe Manginella hot.

Like how hot.

Yeah, what are we talking?

Like sexy door.

Like an 11.

He looks like, let's see.

You guys know Tom Brady?

Yeah.

He kisses everybody.

He looks like his son.

But if he was his son becomes an adult.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, I guess I'm not really.

I don't like to imagine young people older.

Usually when I'm assessing their sexiness.

How old is your brother?

There's a bunch of news I missed by these references.

My brother is 20.

You've been in Canada.

Haven't you Tom?

I guess I've been in Canada a little too long.

And I've missed some pretty, it sounds like I missed some kind of big.

What?

He's 28.

And so his name is David.

But he spent two weeks in Spain.

And now he goes by Davi Day.

And he is not.

Si claro.

Anyway, it doesn't matter.

But basically with my hot brother being there, there is something about his energy that gets me all riled up.

And I just went crazy at the lake this weekend.

I was out of my mind.

I was like a different person.

What?

What did you do?

Well, so normally I'm just like so reserved.

But this time, instead of wearing my one-piece swimsuit with my board shorts and my water shoes, I decided to wear something crazy.

I wore a Tikiini.

And there was like a- What's a Tikiini?

A Tikiini.

Can I take this one, please?

Yeah, please, Tom, take over.

It's a bikini with a little bit more structure to the top.

Just a little bit more structure.

Okay.

Well, it's actually the top is the tank top.

So it's longer than like a normal bikini.

It's exactly what I- It gives you a little bit more coverage.

That's what Tom Lennon said.

That's exactly what Tom Lennon said.

I don't know that that's what Tom Lennon said.

No, no, I'm glad that you took the time.

That's what Tom Lennon said.

Tom, are you a swimsuit salesman these days?

What?

I'm not not.

I'm pretty sure that what Tom Lennon said was that there was more structure.

And that's not true.

There's just- It's longer.

Okay, so it doesn't- He's explaining it to me.

Oh, Lindsay.

Yeah, please stop explaining a Tikiini.

A Tikiini to me.

Okay, well, anyway, so I'm wearing this Tikiini and I had a full half inch of mid-drive showing.

I was out of my mind going up to different people on the docks and hitting on guys.

Oh, wow.

Did anything come of it?

Did you make any connections?

Yeah, I- This is crazy.

We ended up that night at charts barn grill.

Charts bar?

Did you say- Did you say charts are charted or charted?

Maybe the individual lines.

Charts.

Like charts like- Like medical charts?

Yeah.

Okay.

This is a chart themed bar?

Yeah, everything- Or did you say charts like a combination of shitting and farting?

No, I said charts.

Charts?

So like all these different graphs and stuff like pie charts.

This is just you and Davide?

It's just me and Davide and my other eight brothers.

And we're at charts and something came over me.

I don't know what happened, but I started going by, you know, you know how David changed his name to Davide?

I was like, I'm going to go.

My name is normally Lindsey.

I'm going to go by lawns.

Lawns?

L-O-N-D-S like lawns without the bee?

Yeah.

Huh.

Okay.

Because lawns have more fun or why?

I think just because it sounded cool.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I mean, it does sound kind of cool.

I agree.

Yeah.

Top.

Lindsey, how old are you?

Oh, I'm 32.

Okay.

Good.

I just want to be, I don't have to be a dental hygienist.

Right.

And Davide is then four years, you're junior.

Yeah.

But he's so much cooler than me.

It doesn't feel that way.

He's 28.

Okay.

And so, so you decided to go by lawns and then there must be more to the story or is that it?

So then, this is so...

It's okay if that's it, by the way, I think.

I mean, it is okay also.

It's, I actually might prefer it if that were it, but it looks like it's actually continuing.

You don't want it to keep going?

No, no.

I want you to keep going.

I'm just worried about where we're going, but go ahead.

It's like we're in an episode of the news from Lake Period already.

Yeah.

Basically, I ended up hooking up with my friend from high school's dad.

Oh.

Okay.

Did you know it was your friend from high school's dad or did you just say it was a sexy older gentleman you found out later?

Yeah.

No, I knew everything about him.

It was just like something came over me and I was like, hey Marvin, let's do this.

Marvin.

Sounds like an old man.

He was older.

Yeah.

He's 70?

70.

Wow.

Not a lot of people under 70 named Marvin these days.

There's like almost like a 38 year difference between the two of you.

Yeah.

Exactly.

He's got the math.

Yeah.

And when you say hooking up, what do you mean?

You went back to his hotel room or?

So we go into the bathroom at charts.

You hooked up at charts?

At charts.

Which bathroom did you go into or was this a all sex?

The employee.

Oh, is the employee.

So anyone could go in there.

Okay.

Yeah.

And the manager was pissed.

He was knocking and banging and all this stuff.

And Marvin does not work there.

He just accessed the employee bathroom.

Yeah.

Marvin's just like a confident guy.

And actually it was me.

I think we even opened the door because something just came over me.

And I said, get in here Marvin.

And I pushed him and we started hooking up.

And then he got really sick and sweaty and ended up having to take him to the hospital.

Marvin was born in the 1940s.

Yeah.

So yeah.

The tail end of World War II.

He seemed it all.

But he ends up getting sick and you end up taking him to the hospital?

Yeah.

It was wild.

I don't know what came over me.

It sounds like you lost your inhibitions due to a combination of alcohol and horniness and a change of location.

And you're sewing your wild oats.

And I think that's okay.

I mean, especially since it's not with your brother, which is where I was worried this was going.

Well, so then.

Oh, there we go.

Oh, there's a so then.

Uh oh.

Oh, oh boy.

It was a hot brother.

Uh oh.

Yeah.

So obviously, Dobby Day was with me.

Obviously.

We go to the emergency room and then Dobby Day is like, listen.

I am like, this guy's gonna die.

We have to get out of here.

And I was like, okay, let's go.

Why do you have to go out the emergency room?

At this point, it doesn't sound like you have a lot of culpability.

He just doesn't want to be there.

Like, not for legal purposes.

Well, he did.

Yeah.

He was like, he needed to get out of here.

Like, you're going to be seen as an accomplice to this like murder.

And I was like, hold on.

Let me get his teeth.

So I removed this.

What?

Yeah.

Because I don't want them to be able to be identified.

What about his fingerprints?

Of course.

Dude, I didn't think about those.

You got to burn those off, sister.

Hey, Lindsey, at some point you had, I had suggested this would make a good podcast news from like period.

I actually think this would be a show.

And Scott and I have some very good contacts at CISO.

If you'd be interested, we could get you in a room to tell stories like these.

I mean, this is, I mean, talk about a classic.

And by the way, if you see something.

Let's say something, yeah, murder podcasts are hotter than ever.

Everyone likes to go to sleep listening to stories about murders.

I love it.

Well, have you committed other murders or been an accessory to them?

So, yeah, well, I'm probably not at home, but maybe around the lake.

Yeah, always at the lake, there's something crazy that happens at the lake.

At first, I thought it was alcohol and a loss of inhibitions, but now it sounds like bloodlust.

Yeah, things get crazy.

And Dobby Day, you know, he, he's the one who he really riles me up.

And I did, you know, there's been a couple other of incidences.

Oh boy.

You know, like people like the girl who used to babysit us.

She turns the way.

Oh, what happened?

She was, she fell off of a, a dock.

Oh, she was boat skiing?

She was, yeah, well, she was dock skiing.

Oh, she was skiing in front of the dock.

Oh, that's dangerous.

So, skiing in front of the dock.

And then, and you know, and Dobby Day was like, you need to cover this up.

And I was like, shit, you're right because it was our dock.

So I was like, okay.

And so then I had to get in the water and had to remove all our teeth.

In the water.

Right.

That sounds slippery.

Yeah.

And no point did someone say, look, we just saw something, we should say something.

No one said that.

No, nobody said that.

So it's, it's something, don't say something sounds more like your MO.

What was up, Iran, Dye?

Things are suspicious at like period.

Yeah.

How many, I mean, how many unsolved murders have happened up there at Lake period?

Of 21.

21?

That was so specific.

So specific.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

Wow.

Wait, now, now it's less specific.

Which one is it?

Twenty five or twenty one?

Thirty, thirty six.

Thirty.

There's been quite a bit of them.

And maybe if you're five too.

But nevermind.

Yes.

But, uh, gosh, do you have a hand in all of these?

And why are you confessing to this, by the way?

Well, it's not that I'm confessing.

It's just that I, sometimes when I get back from the lake, I'm like, what happened to me up there?

What does the lake do to me this time?

Can I ask Lindsey?

Is, dovey day, is he putting him under some sort of hypnotic spell every time you go up there?

I mean, I think that you say that because basically he was trying to be an actor in LA for a while, but then he kind of wasn't booking a lot of stuff.

So he got really into energy work and he started working with specific celebrities and he would kind of take one under their wing and his wing and he would, you know, get their money and stuff like that.

So you think that he used this energy work on you to sort of put you into some sort of spell to make you commit these heinous acts?

I mean, what I really think is happening if I'm being honest, because now that I'm back from the lake, I think that it is killing them and then I'm the one that has to clean everything up and the one who has to get those teeth out of their heads.

What do you do?

What do you do with all of these teeth?

Yeah.

I have them in the back.

Oh.

I have them in it.

How big is the bag?

Did it start off as like a tiny ziplock and then, oh, it's a rolling luggage package.

People have a lot of teeth.

How many do they, how does a human have usually?

21.

Wait, you don't even know.

21, 25.

25.

No, you should know.

Lindsey, are you here to turn Davide in?

I mean, it sounds like you're giving up the ghost here.

I'm just here actually to tell you guys, please, please don't let me go back to the lake.

I don't know what happened.

You started off seeping like you loved it there and now you don't want to go back to the lake.

Every time I go, it turns me into somebody that I don't like.

It turns me into lawns.

So please, please, I beg you, if you hear me saying I want to go up to the lake, just tell me no.

If we see something wrong, if we see something, say something.

Definitely.

Say something.

I don't know that we're ever going to meet again or talk to each other again, but I hope you'll be back on the show.

Are we are we incriminated now?

Are we now involved in these orders?

Yeah.

Yeah, you guys are involved now.

Oh, no.

Wait, do you do you do I suddenly have to give you a stitch or premium podcast now?

Oh my God.

I will take that.

Yes.

Oh, no.

I hear the money is good.

Yeah.

Well, this may be the most surprising thing you'll hear today.

But yet I would like that.

I would like my own podcast about this because anything to give me back my power.

You are a murderer.

I'm not a murderer, but I am the accomplice.

I do remove the teeth except for one guy, one guy.

Who is this?

This one guy named Tarte.

His last name is T.

Oh, okay.

Anyway, I was up there and he was a fan that thing he was a skiing in front of a jet ski.

And he was just.

Ski skiing, no.

Horrible accident where the jet ski ran him over and then another boat ran.

You can't go faster than a jet ski.

I don't know why people think they can.

It's the fastest water vehicle.

Yeah.

Yep.

And turns out that my brother, Davide, was involved.

He was like the one who was driving the boat and the jet ski and everything.

He was driving the boat and the jet ski simultaneously?

Yeah, through drone.

Oh, Davide.

He's an evil genius.

And so then he's like, go, go.

You better go get Tarte T's teeth.

So I swim out into the middle of the lake and I dive down and I'm trying to remove his teeth.

Turns out he had him this line.

So his, his line was blue to his teeth like the room of the teeth.

Oh, no.

It was bad, you guys.

So anyway, I, his body is down at the bottom of Lake Period teeth intact.

Oh, yeah.

The Tarte T's teeth are intact.

Tarte T's teeth are intact and the whole time of menstruation knows about it.

Wait, this is the town of menstruation.

This is right next to the town of menstruation.

It's why the upper peninsula, I know where that is actually.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

Lindsey, you can stick around, I hope.

Yeah, I can stick around for sure.

Now, Rob, I, can you stick around or do you have to go use them?

I have to go.

There's construction happening at my house.

What are you building?

A fifth floor?

We're building this fifth floor and one of those glass elevators on the outside.

Oh, yes.

So people can see us going up the elevator.

Yeah.

Not going down though, because we go down, we have a slide.

We have a slide to go down.

We have a glass elevator.

It's like a fancy hotel in the, a fancy hotel in the 1980s.

That's right.

Wow.

Nice.

Well, Rob, thank you so much for being with us.

Appreciate you.

Thank you for having me.

How about when we talk about you?

Yeah, thank you.

And Tom, you're going to stick around, right?

I can stick around for a little bit.

I've got a full disclosure.

I have a COVID test coming up and not too long.

Okay.

Well, we're going to be talking to my stalker here in a second.

So I will hang around for as much of that as I can, which I bet is at least some of it.

All right.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

We have Tom Lennon of shoplifters of the world, which is out this Friday.

We also have Lindsey McMulligan, who's a dental hygienist and an accomplished murder certainly.

And we do need to get to our next guest.

Okay.

Apparently my producer booked one of my stalkers on the show.

That'll be really interesting.

Oh boy.

Yeah.

Oh boy.

Who knows?

You know, I mean, maybe they have a good reason for doing it.

We'll find out.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Carmella Ariola.

Squat, squat, squat.

Hi, Carmella.

You did it.

I sent you with my nice.

You did it.

Okay.

What did you're apparently you're a fan of my?

Oh, no.

No, no, no.

I mean, I think you are very funny.

Jeff, thank you so much.

But you are also very sneaky.

Okay.

Yeah.

You're stalking.

I am your food stalker at Gelsons.

You know, I stalked the food there.

Okay.

Oh, I think Gelsons.

My producer must have gotten confused by the homophone and wrote down stalking STALK.

Well, I do see you.

I see you.

Sure.

Well, a lot of people see me.

I wouldn't consider them to be my stock.

Not only that, there's also a lot of homophones at Gelsons, which it's the one that I'm thinking of.

Gelsons.

Is the Gelsons on Hyperion across from the trade of horse ice?

That's the one I was thinking of.

I thought they weren't referring to this as trader.

He's not doing that.

Trader Jose is canceled, I believe.

My name is Carmella Ariola.

And I see you.

Okay.

It was two weeks ago, Tuesday, I am stalking the cashy Golin cereal.

Sure.

And you somebody, somebody weep around the cart and a flat, flat plan, knock down all the cereal.

And I say, oh my goodness, this man right here, he, you know, is he going to help me?

And you pick up a box, but you look around, left, right, and then you put it in your cart and you go away.

Okay.

And why do you think it was me?

It was just like a tall looking dork with a flat ass.

You spend a lot of time in the Gelsons.

Okay.

Guilty is charged.

But, and I think I've seen you around there.

Okay.

Nice.

Okay.

Well, not necessarily.

I don't make it a habit of memorizing the faces of every single person that I come across.

Even, even though I am at that, I am at that Gelsons maybe five, six times a week.

Yeah, we are a family.

We are a family.

Carmella, I think you've made a good point, which is also, you saw something, you said something, you saw, you saw a hot sauce.

I seen it.

Do you know?

You see it.

And you say so.

That's what you do.

Look, I apologize, but here's, here's my point of view.

And yes, it was me.

Okay.

But here's my point of view on this.

When I'm at a store, I'm not getting paid by the store to be there.

So I usually get paid to work.

You know what I mean?

So, so I, I, if I knock over something and suddenly if I were to pick it up, I'm not getting paid for that, but you're getting paid for that.

But you did it.

I seen you.

You did it.

It's a fair trade when you're working and you're getting money.

But if I were to suddenly work and not get money for that, and look, you couldn't afford my rate.

You know, I can barely, you know, do like a six week stint on a sitcom.

They can't even afford me these days.

So, you know, I help you all the time.

You come to me and you say, how much is this?

Or do you say, can you ring me up?

And is there more of this in the back?

But do you know, help me?

Well, I mean, that technically is your very purpose of being at the store, is it not?

I mean, you, you receive a fair wage for that.

Isn't that right?

By the way, I heard you say that you're not making money and not getting paid when you go to the grocery store.

I have started a new business with Takashi 69.

It's a social, it's called social groceries.

And by the way, we can shake, you can start making money every time you're at the groceries.

Whoa, maybe you should call it, socialies.

I'll, I'll, I'll, you know, I'll help with the branding.

Yeah, I'm texting.

I'm texting Takashi right now.

Takashi, he could go with Kashi Golin.

That's the health decision.

And he could man, he could man the cash register to cash register 69.

Oh my God, we have a business.

Wow, guys, this is good.

And you could work in the car.

Right at the very end.

Oh, thank you, Scott.

Thank you so much.

Thank you so much, Scott.

I have created.

I do.

I'm sarcastic right now.

You sounds sarcastic.

Well, I do want to be security or something with my guys.

Well, I mean, to be honest, it sounds, you tracked me down onto my own podcast.

It sounds like you're maybe better at security.

Do you come to my job?

I come to Georgia.

Do you know, you know, you know, I want to tell you something.

You know, no, you have, you, this is not a Gelsons is not like the corner trade of Jose with the free coffee or Costco.

Oh, we don't say it anymore.

We don't say that anymore.

But he go, this man, this man go around and he say, I don't know.

Do I like the green grapes and it riot?

He try three and then he say, oh, no, maybe it's purple.

And then he have a whole pocket full of grapes.

Wow.

God, that's bad.

You're seeing the food.

Look, a pocket full of grapes here and there, you know, one pocket full.

You'll come in six times.

Six times a week.

That's six pockets.

That's a lot of grapes.

That's a winery.

Yeah.

Look, I apologize.

But you know, my time is precious.

That's why I do are so important.

I feel like when I go to a movie, it's weird that I give them money to do that.

This is my time.

You should be paying me to see the movie.

You know what I mean?

What?

To pay you to come to shop at my store.

Yes.

This is my time.

You should be paying me.

Why am I paying you?

Scott, I want to get you me into costume 69 in a room.

You're going to start making this kind of money just with your social, all with your social.

See, I mean, let's revolutionize the way that we, you know, exchange goods and services in this world, you know?

Yeah.

So are you.

I get you.

Lindsay.

Carmella.

God, give me something.

No.

You're a very sneaky man.

You know, just too fast and bad.

You are so funny and so handsome, but you're so handsome.

I appreciate that.

But that's the only thing that I've ever done there at the store, right?

I've taken six pockets full of grapes and a lot of grapes.

Yes.

A lot of grapes are to be.

You're not covered things and you look around like did I nobody see me?

It's too much.

Where are you hiding that I'm not seeing you?

I was stuck in the cereal, the Casa Galin cereal.

You were hiding behind the cereal?

I mean, you know, like you're putting on the boxes.

Right.

Okay.

I'm sorry if I'm a little strong, you know, but I am very passionate about this because you know, I work there often, but you're coming on a little strong and a little accusatory, but that's okay because I, if I did you dirty, I want to apologize.

Yes.

Can I offer you an apology?

Okay.

But I better send sincere.

Okay, you can judge me, you know, much like Michael Strahan, Judge Chris Harrison, his apology.

I don't know if any of you guys get that reference, but it's a bachelor thing.

I'm in Canada, so I kind of missed it.

I am in Canada.

They call it the Bochiller there.

But okay.

So here we go.

Carmella?

Yes.

I sincerely apologize for making your job harder and for not cleaning up my own mess.

And I want to tell you that that's not the way that I want to, that's not the way I was raised.

And I apologize if you took offense at it.

I just come here to say that you did it.

I seen too.

So you cannot be sneaking no more.

Okay.

I understand.

I'm not sneaky.

I'll just do it.

I can just do it and not sneak around.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Carmella?

You got to own up to it.

Yes.

That was like a desperate housewives apology, where you're like, I'm sorry that you were hurt.

Like I'm sorry that you took offense.

I'm talking about the real housewives or the desperate housewives.

Oh yeah, real housewives.

The desperate housewives is a totally different apology.

I'm sorry that I put your bones in that treasure chest that I buried.

I'm sorry about that too.

Hey, Carmella.

That's a good question.

I know that they've discontinued some of the Trader Jose stuff and some of the patently offensive Trader Joe's packaging.

But is there for collectors?

Is there any where to get that stuff?

Just you know, for like, racist eBay that we can go to?

Exactly.

I'm going to shop at...

It's called race baiting eBay, but yes.

I can shop at the Trader Jose's or the Gelsons.

What is that?

It's too rich for me.

Oh yeah.

That's the irony, isn't it?

Yeah, I shop at the Johns.

That's where I go.

Oh, the Johns well-in-the-jones.

John's well-in-the-jones.

Sure.

The Johns.

Were those old Von stores that they just were like, look, we need to replace the sign, but why pay for the whole sign?

Let's just replace one letter.

I like it.

It's a J is a funny letter.

It's like a little crooked sign.

It's like a smile.

It's like an upside down game.

What I like about Johns is like, if you go to Gelsons, if I go to Trader Jose's, it's always going to be that first class stuff and everything is vetted by the FDA.

The highest of quality.

Yeah, but if I want to occasionally, I want something like, hey, I want to meet that's a little horseier, you know what I mean?

A little gamier.

Right.

I want something that I just don't know if it's a cabbage or lettuce.

I just truly don't know.

John's.

They got go.

Might be horse meat.

They have a.

Have you guys ever had horse meat?

It's actually really good.

Oh, wait, you've had horse meat, Lindsey?

Yeah, Dobby Dave brought some back from Spain and how did he did he get it on the plane or did he take a boat back?

He got pininis and he wrapped them in his backpack.

He brought them back.

Horse, Peninis?

Horse meat, pininis.

Oh my God.

I think we just found out the title of this episode, horse meat, pininis.

Oh my God.

Did you guys, I'm sorry.

Was it horse pininis or was it horse penis, pininis?

My Wi-Fi cut out for a second.

Two totally different things.

Yeah.

Okay.

I think he had a horse penis one and I had regular horse meat.

Do you know?

I would try that.

That sounds amazing.

It's good.

Yes.

Carmella, how many hours a week do you work over there at Gelsen?

Not too many.

Do you know I work at Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday.

Sounds like you work every day there?

No, no, no.

I don't work Mondays.

That's when I visit my husband.

Oh, where's your husband?

In the cemetery.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

So you have a weekly visit with your...

My dad has been jazz.

What did he do for a living?

He worked in a factory.

I don't ask too many questions, but he worked in the factory.

So you never found out exactly where he worked?

How long were you married?

Oh, 50 years.

Whoa.

I know.

I'm very sorry.

When did he...

He died seven years ago in a tragic, tragic bus accident.

Oh, wait.

He wasn't skiing in front of a bus, was he?

No.

Okay.

No.

I have been all the time at Lake Period.

Was he driving the bus or did he hit by the bus?

No, I was.

You were driving the bus.

Yes, yes, yes.

Oh, no.

It was horrible, yeah.

It doesn't feel like an accident anymore, yeah.

No, it was accident.

You know, it was a normal accident.

Right.

You did not mean to hit him with a bus, but he...

Correct.

Yes.

Do you feel...

He lay down in front of it.

Like, do you want to get hit?

You know, it's seeming like it's pre-meditated a little bit.

No.

Do you need to remove his teeth?

Oh, he had beautiful teeth.

Yes.

Look, she can get to a graveyard within probably 20 minutes if you need someone to get his teeth out of there.

He live in the fancy hills, the ones that...

Forest Hill?

Forest Lawn.

That's the one.

It's in the hill.

It's confusing because it's in the...

Yeah.

It's on the hill.

It's on Gary Marshalls there, by the way.

Yeah, and my friend, Little Gary, I think he's dead now.

I'm pretty sure he died.

Little Gary got killed by the...

You know, I know I'm aware of Little Gary, but he was working with the cartels, which was so dumb and sued at R.S.

That's a big mistake.

You don't want to work with them.

You want to work against them.

Yeah.

They used him as like a drug piñata.

It was not cool.

Yeah.

I remember like one time I poked Little Gary in the stomach.

Yeah.

And just a big burst of cocaine came out of his mouth.

Just like he coughed in.

Yeah.

They were...

Yeah.

I mean, it didn't hurt that he'd looked like a piñata to begin with, but anyway.

You should not touch co-worker.

Rest in power.

Rest in power of the area, of course.

And power of the little people.

And rest in power to your husband as well, who has a lot of beautiful teeth out there in the cemetery and...

And the folks at the bottom of Lake Period, rest in period.

Rest in period.

May no one find their bodies or their teeth.

A wonderful prayer.

No one find their bodies.

Find their bodies or teeth.

Nor their teeth.

Well, guys, it looks like we're running out of time here.

We only have time for one final feature.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Is it fun?

Party's in drugs.

Learning this for dollars to a life of plugs.

Plugs to life.

Is it fun?

Learning this for dollars to a life of plugs.

Plugs to life.

Is it fun?

Learning this for dollars to a life of plugs.

To a life of plugs.

Next door.

Oh, wow.

How weird I mentioned the song Sextworf earlier in the show.

And that is an homage to it, if not a parody, called Plugzdorf by the Ben Sentra.

Thank you so much to the Ben Sentra for that plug's theme.

Alright, so Tom, what are we plugging here?

What do we got?

I got a picture coming out this week with Joe Manginello called Shop Lifters of the World.

Isn't that dude from Midsummer in that as well?

Does he play one of the teenagers?

Yeah, for sure.

You got the kid from Midsummer.

You got the kid from Boyhood.

It's like the main guy.

Remember that kid from Boyhood?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, he's in that too.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, he's a main guy.

Look at that thing.

What do you think of that Midsummer movie?

You think we should do that to old people?

Too little too much for me.

Little too much for me.

You know, Scott, you know, I'm a pretty weird cat.

Yeah.

I'm usually pretty good to party.

Midsummer really threw me, man.

Yeah.

It kind of rips off the storyline of a Star Trek TNG episode, doesn't it, with David Ogden steers?

I can't say that for sure, but all I could think was this is really making me feel really weird right now, guys.

Yeah.

Yeah, totally.

What do you think about David Ogden steers?

You ever see him?

Isn't he in Beauty and the Beast?

Gotta be, right?

Gotta be.

That's around the time you started doing the state on MTV.

Beauty and the Beast came out.

That'd be 1992.

Two-ish?

Yeah.

9293.

Yeah.

Were you guys, did you guys feel like you were in competition with them?

The Beauty and the Beast crew?

100%.

I feel like every day we just thought, how do we get on top of these assholes?

How do we get the same eyeballs over here to the state?

Because they got, how do we get the eyeballs?

Because I just felt like, I just felt like their boot was on my neck every day, you know?

Yeah.

I do got a bounce because I'm about to get a Canadian COVID test, which is kind of exciting.

Yeah.

Well, they're more polite about it.

So, so you're not going to last through plugs.

You're leaving right now.

But shoplifters of the world is out this Friday.

People can politely request it upon their TV.

I'm politely requested.

Yeah.

See it in movie theaters as well, if there's one by you and you feel okay about going in there?

Yeah.

For sure.

Sure.

All right, Tom, it's always great to see you.

I love you.

I'll see you soon.

Love you.

Yeah.

Give my best to the wife.

Okay.

But I doubt I'll be giving anything to my wife for you.

But all right, we'll see you.

Okay.

And Lindsey, what do you want to plug?

And let's, I, well, I'm just getting all these texts from Dobby Day about coming to the lake right now.

So I'm kind of distracted.

I think I don't want to go to the lake.

Remember what you said?

Oh, I just, you told us to tell you not to go to the, I know you feel free, you feel less inhibited, but don't go to the lake.

Okay.

Yes.

Carmella Carmella.

Yes.

Lindsey doesn't want to go to the lake, but she wants to go to the lake.

Is there anything you can say?

Go to the lake is beautiful.

No, no, no, no.

Thanks.

Thank you.

Carmella.

No, no, no, no.

At least stick around for the boss.

I love it up there.

Okay.

I'll, I'll say, um, I guess that something that's been taking my mind off of all the dead bodies at the bottom of Lake period has been this podcast on Stitcher Premium called Going Deep.

I hear the money is great there.

The money is so good.

So anyway, um, also, I, I, if you can, you should definitely follow this one account.

It's probably, uh, your Twitter, right?

Which would be L-I-N-D-S-A-Y.

No, no, it's actually, it's my Twitter, but it's different.

It's, um, at L-I-L-Y, Y-I-L-Y.

Y-Y-Y-Y-Y, Y-Y-Y, Y-Y-Y.

So it's a totally, I'm sure you don't need me to repeat that.

I'm sure you guys all got that.

I guess we all got it.

Y-Y-Y-Y, Y-Y-Y.

No.

All right.

Carmella, what, uh, what do you want to plug here?

Anything coming up for you?

Yes.

Okay.

I like, there is a little man boy who is on Twitter and he goes by the back king and he is very funny.

The back king.

Yes, the with two ears.

Oh, he also like Megan the stallion in a way, but.

Yeah, maybe they are related.

I don't know.

But there is also, uh, he is a part of a company duo named Sly Chum.

They are very funny.

He and his girlfriend.

Sly Chum.

Yes, you got it.

Is that Chum like what you throw into the lake?

Like my pal, like my buddy.

Oh, okay, your buddy.

Okay.

Yeah, my chum.

Sly Chum.

And where, where can people see Sly Chum?

Oh, do you know they have the Instagram, the Twitter, the YouTube, the TikTok?

Do you know?

Okay.

All of those.

Yeah.

And, and also Johns.

And I'm going to use super market, please.

Sure.

Okay.

Yeah, you think people would want you to know because I know people like you are going to come by and take the all the things and drop all the products.

Again, I apologize if you were offended.

So, um, I see another one of those desperate housewives.

Um, all right.

I just want to plug a comedy bang bang, the podcast.

Keep listening.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

You see something open, better.

Open, start to twist.

And you find that you're getting a little honest.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get open there and do what you do.

It has to be about closing the plug bag, not opening it.

You got a big mother's phone.

Open it up.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open it up.

Whoa.

All right.

That was good.

That was closed the plug bag by Tiger beak.

Kind of a similar in tone to our plug store for opening the theme.

Guys, I want to thank you.

I want to thank our guests who had to jump off.

Of course, Tom Lennon and Rob Hubel.

And wonderful to have.

They were my very first guests on the very first episode.

Wonderful to have them on the show.

And Lindsey, great to meet you.

Yeah, so great to meet you.

Please don't go to that lake.

I've already got it plugged into my Google Maps.

I've got menstrual, it's easy to close a Google app app.

No, I got to get up there.

I got back into my wet tinkini.

And just still wet.

It's soaking.

Oh, no.

I got to get up there and I got to remove some more teeth.

So thanks for having me on.

No, no, no.

So please, Carmella, Carmella, try to discourage her.

Come on.

You know the lake is beautiful.

I say, and she like that.

No, no, no, no.

I'm not going to go.

All right, look, I'm coming too.

I'm coming with you.

Oh my God.

Give me up.

You guys did so much fun.

We can swing by my husband.

Yeah, we'll get him too.

Oh, good.

Yeah, I got to get those teeth.

Yeah, I got to get them.
