---
layout: page
title: 699. Dulcé Sloan, Shaun Diston, Connor Ratliff, Griffin Newman [7e7f1518-a97b-4bd9-9cc8-acfa00318854].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Early to bed, early to rise, these assless chaps are burning my thighs. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you to Pugfugly 8.4 for that catchphrase submission.

I have to say, that one sounds a little familiar to me too.

I don't know whether I'm in my head about 2D butt, 2D butt, submitting a previously submitted catchphrase that I just repeated, because I wasn't aware of it, but I feel like I'm in my head now about, is that one that I've done before?

Are people now just submitting previously submitted catchphrases?

I don't know, but thank you to Pugfugly 8.4 for that catchphrase submission.

New World, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We have a great show today.

This is the final week of March, and coming up a little later on the show, we have a Hollywood Director.

We have a Hollywood actor.

We have a comedian and actress. I mean, this is an entertainment-based show today.

This is going to be a star-packed and star-studded, both packed and studded with stars.

So, I could think of no one better to co-host this show with me than a person who was plugged into the Hollywood ecosystem.

He is a producer. He has been on the show many, many times.

I think he used to be with Gersh. He used to be an agent of Gersh. I'm not quite sure.

I was an agent at Abramskut. I was an agent at Abrams.

Nothing at Gersh, this surprises me. For some reason, I have a...

I don't remember. Maybe the freak supported out. Was I a Gersh someone tweet at me?

But he, of course, is a producer at Whisper Studios.

He is also my co-host in the We've Got to Stop Talking, TMNT on CBB Podcast.

Please welcome back to the show, Sprig the Whisperer. Hello, Sprig.

Oh, Scotty. Hold on. Scott. Scott.

All right, I'm locked in.

You're locked into your character.

Yeah, yeah. I'm locked in.

All right, so Scott.

Now, we're so good to see you, my man. How have you been, Scotty?

I've been really good. I mean, we haven't seen each other in a bit of time.

I feel like we had... We took a big break after the last TMNT episode.

We stopped the record on that episode and we hit it. We did not say a word.

We got up from where we were sitting. We turned around.

Face. Opposite directions. All like we were in a gunfight.

Exactly. We might have had a Hamilton-Barrr situation happening.

But instead, we walked out opposite doors, got into our convertibles, and just drove into the sunset.

Just drove away. I left Whisperer Studios. I went back to my place.

I said, I shall quarantine with Sprig no longer.

It was a Hamilton-Barrr situation because it was icy cold.

It was too cold.

But you know what, Scott?

No love lost of course, Scott.

I love you. You're my best friend.

I think when you say no love lost, it actually has a bad connotation.

What I mean is that ultimately, no love was lost.

The love is still there, Scott.

Okay, fantastic.

Well, I, of course, love you.

I don't say that enough to my guests.

I love you, Scott.

It feels good to say to you.

We're laughing when we say that.

I love you.

It's because I'm weird.

I got to say, Scott.

So a few things since we haven't broke in a while.

Scott catch up.

Scott just clapped him of his head here.

Like he was doing like the walk like a Egyptian dance or something.

You know that I'm very inspired by previous guests, Suzanne Ahof.

He loves off.

Now, Scott, I want to and I don't know if this has been happening to you, but I've got to talk to the list is really quick.

Okay, please.

Yeah, leave me out of this.

Just talk right to the listeners.

Now listeners, I'm speaking for myself.

I'm also speaking for my client, Sean distant.

You know, I might be speaking for Scott.

I'll come in.

I still handle him.

He's sort of.

I got to say he's he's right there on the edge.

I might be getting rid of the he's either on the cusp of greatness or being dropped as a client.

Absolutely.

Either way for him.

Client and forgotten.

Now Scott, let me just say to the fans guys, I know ninja turtles are cool, but like my Twitter is just like people being like, Hey, check out this turtle.

Check out this.

Any time an injured turtle, not even a ninja turtle Scott.

Sometimes it's just like, Oh, this turtle gave birth in the San Diego Zoo.

Check it out.

Do you want to do a podcast about it?

It's like you guys, it feels like a threat at a certain point.

Scott, I know how you feel about it.

Welcome to 12 years of that for me based on the band.

You too, the band.

R. M.

Anything Wayne Gretzky related freaking me out.

It's like somebody spray painted a turtle on the side of a building and it has nothing to do with the digit turtles, but you've got to link me and my client, Sean distant to it and say question mark.

What are you going to do?

It's I got to do.

I don't want to know what you're going to do.

I don't know.

Yes, there's a turtle eating some cabbage.

What do you want me to do?

Do a whole podcast?

I'm freaking I like the worst idea.

It's not Scott, but I wake up with a cold sweat in the middle of the night.

Just like what am I supposed to do?

There's so much turtle content.

You guys, you know, if a new book comes out or a new comic or something, maybe hit me up with that.

Sure, a new movie.

Yeah, it will not be.

Oh man, we would mobilize.

We would like an old clip of Jack Palance mentioning liking turtles or something.

You don't have to send me that.

I don't know what I'm doing with that.

You know, I don't know where did you do that on the Oscars?

If you guys won our pushups, honestly, that was just me trying to think of a random specific, but I could see someone sending me that and me looking at it for a long time.

It's a turtle.

See, okay, if there was a clip of Jack Palance actually talking about the ninja.

Please send please send us the send me that I will do a poet about it.

I will do what that is our promise to the listeners.

We will find the Jack Palance even talking about any kind of turtle.

I will do a podcast about it.

I don't know if I can rope score to do it, but we've got to get the Jack Palance turtle.

But look, what I'm saying is to the Palance cast the Palance cast.

Maybe why don't we just go through?

Yeah, maybe we just want.

We don't even do a podcast about it.

We just want to see the stickers.

All right.

Okay.

All right.

We do watch city slickers and we'll just have a good time.

Make popcorn and stuff.

Who replaced him in city slickers, too?

I think he so in city sink is too.

He's in it.

If only I had like a movie nerd expert like if there was a movie expert nerd.

A guy, you know, but here's what I think happens.

God, I believe he's alive when they made city sink is to do.

He dies, but then he plays his own brother Scott.

That's right.

And he's like, I'm the brother, you know, curly.

Do you think he would have done that if he had known that it would cause him to die mere years later?

I know they were like, okay, we can't.

He was.

I was sort of I think he must have been like, okay, if I agree to do this, the irony of this is going to lead to me somehow dying in a way.

It's an equitable trade.

But you know what someone his age is like, you know what?

I'm going to die.

Why don't I trick people to just have a fun thing with like you're rewatching it and you're like city slickers one.

Oh, Jack, palance died.

So he couldn't go back for the second one.

He probably died real life between the way he shows up against.

It's a huge twist.

These movies like the first one is all about Billy Crystal needs to go find happiness.

He needs to find his smile.

He's he's got a horribly shitty life with a very rich looking apartment.

Yeah, he's like new your life.

Typical New Yorka needs to get his shit together.

So what does he do?

Goes try to be a cowboy for a week.

But then the second one is like, hey, there's gold buried somewhere.

Now that's all together.

I think the second one's better than the first.

What?

To me, this is like a ghost bust is too actuation.

I also think that one's better than the second one.

Do you think Ghostbusters II was better?

Mm-hmm.

That's right.

What about the ghost on their patches that old stuff do up?

I love a ghost saying peace.

Like he knows he's in the sequel.

I love a ghost saying peace.

No, he's saying peace.

He's saying peace.

Why did they change it then?

What happened in between Ghostbusters one and two that they felt like they needed to get the message of peace out there?

That's a good question, Scott.

I might have to go back up.

Maybe if there was a movie historian around like someone who was.

If only, but we don't have anyone like that on the show, of course.

Well, anyways, I just wanted to talk about that, Scott, because I am a bit freaked out by the turtle nonsense on my Twitter.

But you know talking about it is just going to make them send you more.

Oh, you think what I've done here is a terrible mistake?

Interesting.

So I've come in here thinking I was going to solve the problem.

What I really did was lit the match.

Okay.

Of course.

Well, Scott, you know, I'm working on some new projects, Scottie.

Oh, I would love to hear about them because now for listeners who have not heard Spregg's experiences, you have a certain field of interest.

That's right.

A very narrow field of interest.

That's right.

We call, some people call them martial art movies.

I call them ninja films.

Okay.

And I'll tell you, Scott, this new project I'm working on, it's kind of out of bounds for me.

I don't really know what I'm doing here.

Okay.

It's not about ninjas, you mean?

It's not Scott.

It's a, I've got the inner cards.

It's been weird.

I've got sucked into this one.

This is unprecedented.

It's crazy, Scott.

Is it, at least tell me it's about ninjas who do something different in their off hours.

They're moonlighting ninjas who got left on the way.

No, no, that's not the, that's not the case, Scott.

I'm rebooting a little known show from the 1990s called Out of This World, Scottie.

Out of this world.

I think I remember it.

It was a sitcom.

Now, let me sing you a little song, Scottie.

Okay.

Would you like to swing on a star?

Oh, carry moon memes or minajah.

Oh, and be better off than you are.

Oh, oh, would you rather go to earth?

That's, that's the beginning of the theme.

Thank you for that.

Oh, oh, okay.

Thanks for explaining.

I just thought that you were, I thought we'd switch topics and you were singing.

No, no, no.

That was just the beginning of the earth.

Ling's a creature whose playness can be.

He's not as unique as you or me.

His body comes in lots of different shapes.

They say his relatives were chimps and abs, but if you'd like to take them.

Okay, hold on, Scottie.

I feel like you started way too high.

I fell apart.

And you're reassessing your...

I fell apart.

Hold on.

I saw the way too high.

Here we go.

They say their relatives are chimps and they do.

But if you'd like to take them out of the way, you start going even higher.

But if you like to take them out of the way, you start going even higher.

In a very gim situation where suddenly you unlock a voice that you had no idea you had access to.

You got the better off on earth!

Wow, Scottie, I almost passed out there.

Amazing.

Wait, what is this show called?

It's called...

I think you really are a peasant.

It's called...

It's called out of this world, Scott.

And it's a little known sitcom about a girl named Evie whose father is an alien voiced by Bert Reynolds.

Bert Reynolds?

That's right, Scott.

It was an uncredited role because Bert Reynolds was doing his favor for the producer.

So she would open up a crystal next to her bed and Bert Reynolds would show up and be like, hey, the daughter, how are you?

Wait, we would see Bert Reynolds?

No, no, no, you were just here.

No, no, you were just here with his voice.

Oh, okay.

And he would be like, daughter, what's going on?

He's like, it's my 15th birthday and I just got the power to freeze time.

She's an alien who could freeze time.

Oh, okay, this makes sense.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

She doesn't really happen to most of us on our 15th birthday.

No, no, no, no.

She's half aliens.

Right now, one of our guests is putting her fingers together as in like two dicks touching.

What is that show?

It is Scott.

She wants to talk so bad, but I'm not going to let her have any.

It's not about two dicks touching Scott.

To me, it's one of the most brilliant ideas.

Look, we're bringing back every idea, Scott.

Sure, of course.

And to me, as the immortal Bard one said, there are no new ideas under the sun.

Did he say that?

Something like that.

I feel like he took that shit from somebody else.

Got a sting, maybe.

You know, Scott, it's funny to me because it's interesting to me that you don't know about this show, Scott.

You've never heard of it?

Well, I have heard of it, but I believe that I was in college probably when it premiered.

And so I was not watching a lot of TV at the time.

So it's something that you've kind of heard of, but don't know much about and maybe could.

Okay, now you're just angling for another show here.

I don't know.

It's just one of those things, Scott.

I brought it up.

You see me just getting into it.

Look.

Okay.

Yeah, sure.

Look.

Sure.

Let's do it.

What do I do?

This is how many episodes are there?

We somehow squeezed 12 turtles episodes out.

There's quite a bit, Scott.

And I would say, you know, I don't know.

We might have to take a look at that.

But if you do something with, we kind of feel like, you know, you're short on the next.

Why do you need me to do another show?

I don't know.

It just feels like to me for the next few weeks.

If it keeps coming up, it might be something weird.

I don't know that it's ever going to come up.

We'll see if any of our other guests bring it up.

You don't think out of this world, you better not bring Lauren Lapkes on.

I'll tell you that, but you know Lauren Lapkes?

Yeah, she was my TV, Scott.

Oh, okay.

Is she a client?

Did you do you represent her?

So, okay.

So I don't represent Lauren Lapkes.

I represent someone named Lauren Crapkiss.

Now, she's...

So because they have similar names, you know, we get a lot of the same offers.

A lot of things coming by accident for Crapkiss.

Well, you know, I would imagine, yeah, Lauren Lapkes's offer only.

And then people just think it's a misprint or a typo.

And so they send you an offer.

Scott, I was so close to getting Crapkiss in on the wrong Missy.

We flew to Hawaii.

We were there.

We had signs of papers.

And then they were about to shoot the first scene and they were like, wait a minute.

Is Lauren Crapkiss nothing physically or...?

No, no.

Why is it like four?

She's a 71-year-old black woman.

And she...

But she's an incredible actor.

I thought I'd just get her there.

That's an upgrade.

Start shooting there like she's electric.

This Crapkiss woman is electric.

No, it's not Krampus, right?

No, it's...

It's...

It's Crapkiss of course.

Okay, I just want to make sure you're not working with Krampus.

No, I would never work with Krampus, you know.

Wait a minute.

That is the whisper studios guarantee.

We will never work with Krampus.

But wait, what are the things about Krampus?

Like if I needed to like watch out for it.

I think he's German.

I mean, always watch out for Germans.

Okay.

Just in general.

But I believe he's German.

He's some sort of a demon and maybe he wears a Santa hat.

He's related to Santa.

He's Santa Jason.

I can't agree with you on the Germany thing because I of course love rolling balls in Berlin.

That's one of my favorite things.

Of course, yeah.

You're always pre or post wall coming down.

I go to say, if I could have gone before the wall, I would have tested it out.

But you know, of course, I'm a post wall guy, of course.

Of course, yes.

We all know that.

You're the post wall guy.

Sprag is a post wall guy, Scott.

But you know, I'm involved in this new project.

Of course, Scott, if you want to talk about it on the long extensive podcast.

You're doing...

Yeah, but you're doing a reboot of it or what are you changing?

I'm doing...

I barely know anything about it, so the changes probably won't affect me or nor be surprising.

So it was a multi-cam, Scott.

And I'm sort of pulling the similar thing.

So now even more cameras?

Yes.

That's not a bad idea.

Sort of like the matrix.

Actually, I was going to remove some camera, Scott.

What I wanted to do was take this thing from the multi-cam format and turn it into a dramatized single-cam.

Sort of like what they're doing with Fresh Prince and Berlin.

Fresh Prince, yeah.

Okay.

Is that still going forward?

I don't know.

It's on that trailer.

I heard the script was a mascot and they had to do it.

Okay, who knows?

But maybe your client, Shondistan, can be...

Yeah, maybe my client, Shondistan, can be...

A Carlton or something like that.

Yeah, he's heard through the grape drons that they're looking for Carlton.

He knows how to do the dance, of course.

How long did it take him to learn it?

I gotta be honest, this dance has been a part of his life his entire life.

You know what?

I'm not surprised.

Let me tell you a quick story about my client, Shondistan.

Okay.

He used to fly on planes as an unaccompanied minor and his mother used to drop him off.

But because he used to just fly to Jamaica, his parents were too busy to take his ass.

But they still would let him go to Jamaica by himself?

Yeah, he would go like stay with his aunts and stuff.

They'd pick him up at the airport.

Oh, okay, at relatives there.

He's not just going chilling in Jamaica.

No, no, I wasn't.

He wasn't just like, oh, a resort or something.

Okay.

But they used to take him to the airport.

Yeah, on sandals.

And his mother used to just drop him off.

Good pulse, Scott.

Sandals is good pull.

But his mother used to drop him off.

And then the flight attendant that took him on the plane learned he could do the Carlton Dance and then brought him around the airport to every back room and said, check this out.

This kid can do the Carlton Dance.

So I knew the Carlton Dance.

And was he, was, no, so you did it or your client is?

This kid.

I know, I, I, I, my client Sean Disson, of course, did it.

But I think she's.

But you're talking about a different time that you did the Carlton Dance.

I know how to do the Carlton Dance because he taught me.

Right.

Oh, okay.

And was he wearing a similar outfit to Carlton or?

No, isn't that like some sort of bow tie and a set of comedy?

No, I remember the story.

He looked a bit more like Erkel and then one of the people said that and then he instantly did a Steve Erkel.

He is willing to please.

But what were we talking about?

I don't know.

But we, you were talking about what you were going to change.

Oh, yes.

Of course.

So we're making it a single cam, Scott.

And it's going to be very dramatic.

Oh, now in the show, of course, she could stop time by putting a fingers together.

People.

Oh, that's what the fingers together is.

The fingers together thing is, is this like a say by the bell stopping time kind of thing?

A little bit.

What did he say?

She didn't talk to the audience.

I think he would just say freeze or something.

God, if only we had some.

Probably we had some.

You would do a timeout.

He would do a timeout.

That's just came to me.

That just came to me without any assistance from any of the freaks in the chat here.

Yeah.

So it's going to be a gritty single cam.

And what I want is when she stops time, Scott, it's always to stop a horrific accident from happening.

Now, of course, in the opening credits, a paint bucket was going to fall on our uncle's head.

His name is Beno and he's funny as hell.

But she would stop time and I guess push him out of the way or something and then they would just fall on the ground.

I think it would be great if she, I don't know, tried to stop 9-11 or something.

Oh, OK.

So this takes place in the past or she puts her fingers together, realizes if she walks backwards, she can go backwards through time.

So she walks as far back as 20 years ago.

This is why I got to get you abreast of this, because you're right.

What's I in on this?

What's I fill you in and I bring you in, Scott?

The idea stuff.

The whole thing just, yeah.

That's brilliant.

We have this chemistry.

I love it.

So she puts the fingers together.

She walks backwards.

She walks backwards in time to 9-11.

Yes.

And she, and what does she do?

She probably won somewhat.

How do you start?

Well, here's the thing though.

She's got to make sure that she walks backwards toward the twin towers, because otherwise, once she gets to the twin towers, what is she going to do?

She's got to walk up the stairs, which is forwards, unless she walks backwards up the stairs, maybe she takes the elevator.

That's what she does.

So she's standing in place.

That's still in place.

This solves all of our problems.

She cannot move in the elevator, right?

She can't move in this.

I think it's when they face the goddess.

This is the premise.

Power of the premise.

Promises of premise.

I feel like a lot of people are listening right now, and they're like, I have no idea what these guys are talking about.

What is going on?

I think that's the show in general.

No matter what week they listen.

But I think what you're hearing is the jazz of two creators, Scott, just coming up with something brilliant.

It's almost like good jazz, which as we know is like bad other music.

Yeah.

I've never heard that before, Scott.

Well this is exciting.

I want to be in on this.

Maybe I'll- Can't wait, Scott.

I'm going to be a master with you back at Whisper Studios.

Yeah, we may have to watch Four Seasons of a television show, Scott.

Maybe we should do this at the Four Seasons.

Four Seasons and a Four Seasons.

I like this, Scott.

Four Seasons and a Four Seasons and a movie.

We'll switch over to community after that.

I think that's a good idea.

At the Six Seasons.

This is a great idea.

I'm glad we've got another project.

I'll tell you why, Scott.

I just missed you.

I just miss you, buddy.

You know, we have just that special thing going on.

Good to go on.

We have the thing where, like, in the movie Avatar, you put your, like, braid in someone's back and you link up.

You don't have any- Who's the back?

I thought it was the butt.

You know, I really...

Gosh, we've only met someone here.

If only, but we don't- So let's not even talk about it.

Damn it.

Look, Sprague, we need to get to our guest of honor.

Is that okay?

I'm sure you have other things going on, but- I can't wait.

Maybe a future client here, Scott.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Well, this is exciting.

She has never been on the show before.

She is a wonderful stand-up comedian.

She is a correspondent on The Daily Show with Trevor Noah.

And she currently is in a great animated series on Fox on Sunday nights called The Great North.

Please welcome first time on the show Dulce Sloane.

Hello, friends.

Oh, Fran, how are you?

Hello.

So nice to meet you.

You're using your hand to wave now instead of putting your fingers together.

Listen, I remembered that show because I love that show.

So it was like the girl's name was like Evie or something.

Do you think a man time would stop?

Even I know her name is Evie.

Just because Sprague just said it.

Yeah, it's funny.

Like, I love that show.

There was like, I just looked it up.

Apparently there were six seasons of it.

Six seasons and a movie.

Wow.

It's almost like we can't stop talking about it.

Let's get Dulce in this.

What do you want to play in it?

Do you want to play Evie?

Who do you want to play?

Ooh.

Now bear in mind, we made the mistake when we were doing the turtle show of attaching Christian Broon to our turtle reboot.

And we had to figure out a way and we finally just decided he was going to be the, what was he going to be, the body of- He was going to be Craig's body.

We'll cast someone else for the stomach.

We had a good backdoor for it, but- But I think Dulce, to be honest, I think you could be Evie if we were to do this thing over.

I don't know how you feel about being an alien who has magical powers.

I'd be down for it.

Usually I get cast as the mom.

So it'd be really nice to play a 15 year old girl.

Yeah, it's good.

I mean, I'm not going to be saying that I wasn't always 15, so it works.

Do Evie stand for something like electric vehicle or- Great question.

It's EVIE.

EVIE?

Yes.

Okay, so it's- Like an EV nickname.

So that could be, that could stand for something as well.

Electric vehicle in energy or- Well, it's like a film, maybe it's like a nickname off of EV where it's like, you know, like a Bobby or a Billy or kind of- It could be, but I guess sometimes I see something like that, like Alph, for instance, a lot of people don't know that that stands for alien I'd like to fuck.

So- I don't know if that's what it stands for.

I'm pretty sure it does.

I'm a silly and life-form.

To be honest, I've always heard it to the aliens.

I'm not an alien I've owned.

But now I go to re-examine the show.

Alien, I'd like to fuck.

Interesting.

Sure.

He's too little to fuck though.

He is too little.

He's like, that's fucked.

That's like one of those ex-dogs.

Nothing is too little to fuck.

Okay, it's not even- You know what, it's been so nice meeting you.

I don't mean- I don't mean- I mean short.

You can get me cancelled if I get going.

You would not be the type of me out with you Scott.

All of them is- Okay, you're not coming down with me.

Dulce, let's talk about you instead of aliens.

Hello, I think I'll- I love aliens, but I do not plan to fornicate with them.

What about Third Rock from the Sun?

There's some good-looking aliens in there.

You got Joseph Gordon Levitt.

Just hit record Joe.

He was the little- I like the squinty-eyed guy.

That's French Stewart, of course, our good friend French Stewart.

I say good friend because he was on the comedy bang bang TV show on a day that I wasn't there.

That's a very question.

I'm a big fan of this.

Where is French Stewart?

These are the questions that we need to be- All signs point to France.

That's all I have to say.

I mean, it's like he wants us to find him.

It's a clue.

Was that his stage name?

Was that a real name?

I don't know.

That is a good question.

Is his real name French Stewart?

Is that something you're looking up, Sprague, because you're looking up the side?

You're down right.

I'm looking at him.

Because his name is French, if there's not a brother named Italian or something, I'm going to be real annoyed.

His name is Milton French Stewart.

I think after 9-11 he should have been called Freedom Stewart, don't you think?

Yeah.

That's just inappropriate, Scott.

Inappropriate or hacky?

Hacky?

You know his hacky.

Listen, I'm not here all the time.

I can say his hacky.

I don't know.

But your fans might cancel me.

I don't know.

No, no, no.

They love anyone I bring on.

Of course, whenever you're on for your first episode, you know we have to tape your last episode.

It's a lot like paying rent.

We do your first episode last episode.

So after this one ends, I need you to stay on the zoom and you'll have to tape your next one.

You're a whole nother one it is.

Yeah, and it's the one where we say goodbye to each other.

So because you can do as many as you want in between, but we need your last one immediately after you tape your first one.

Okay.

And you're going to have to really predict the way your career is going.

And how you feel about me.

I can't tell you how many of these last episodes start with.

Well, I got an E-Gort, of course, and I'm back to talk to you.

Everyone always does that.

Well, listen, we talked to my publicists and we can figure it out.

But let's talk about you.

You of course, you're on the daily show.

You're a correspondent.

What type of stories do you do on that?

I do stories about current events.

Things that are happening in the world.

Things that are happening in the news.

Some things that aren't happening in the news.

I talk about I have a segment called a count on it where I talk about what I talked about the census and how.

Did you say the Simpsons?

I think they've been getting enough press.

Yes, the Simpsons get enough press.

Which one of us is in this episode?

The Simpsons.

The Empire.

The Billy's Hank Azaria finally got to rest.

You know what I mean?

He's the last.

The last he care rest.

No, like the count on it was about the census and it was how, especially how black people and other people of color should take the census.

Yes, it's very important.

Yeah, I mean if they come around knocking on your door a lot of people don't want to take it because they're like they don't trust it.

But it's very important because then the federal government can allocate money towards you.

Or figure out ways to not allocate money towards you.

Yeah, so they have fun things that they like to do.

I found out I believe the term is called imputation.

If that's right.

It's some kind of form of that word.

But basically say they come to your door.

Yes.

Okay.

So I'm not answering my door because I don't know you.

So what they do is they assume that whoever's living in that home is in the same demographic of everyone else.

Everyone else.

Right.

So I live in a predominantly white neighborhood.

So if I don't answer my door if I don't do the census, then they say that a white man lives here.

Ah, this is terrible.

Here's what I think they should do because I look personally I'm never going to answer my door if it's a stranger.

Sure.

You know, some weirdo out there that I've never seen before.

No.

I don't know.

But what if the census takers drove around in like something akin to like an ice cream truck that had like either a census song or some sort of speaker saying, don't be afraid.

Open your doors.

Wear the census.

That's not a set up.

I'm not a stranger.

Something is set up.

Yeah, that's going.

I would immediately open fire at that.

No, we're not going to jail you.

As a as a proud black man, Scott, I would say you get out of my name.

Oh, yes.

We haven't talked about this, but what people don't know is that the census people won't come to your house if you mail the census back.

Yes.

Wait, what do you mean?

So if you mail it back there, like, Oh, we got this on lock.

We don't.

Yeah.

The only reason they come to your house is because they didn't get the paper back.

Well, a lot of people are afraid to send it back because they think that suddenly they'll be tracked or they'll actually federal legislation that says whatever is whatever information is on the census cannot be shared with the government, which I thought was suspicious because the census is done by the government and why wouldn't the government tell the government what the government is.

Yeah, you're sending it to the government.

They're not going to look at it when they open it.

No, they can't like if they say that you're like say you have like a cousin who's been doing some savory things.

Okay.

If you relate to this here we go.

We're talking about my cousin Franklin.

This dude, he doesn't fuck around.

Okay, Sean.

First of all, I don't know who Sean is, but, but you're getting confused.

His client is Sean.

My client is Sean.

My name is Sprague.

But girl is his name.

Stop Drosh Nitchin.

Right.

So what I'll need y'all to do is in post.

I need you to beep the name.

Just go beep.

My cousin beep.

Like just don't like don't.

Okay.

Yeah, we'll definitely do that.

You know what?

I go to snitch on Franklin.

This guy has been tee peeing my house.

I'll say it's personal.

It's just personal.

He's like come in personal.

This time it's personal and he's my cousin.

I'll tell you what.

I don't fuck all cops of assets.

Okay.

But if the neighborhood could rally and just maybe help me with the teepee.

I see a B stood for all cops aren't bastards.

Scotch.

Jesus Christ.

Why would they make a phrase for that?

I don't know.

That's crazy Scott.

Look, to all say one thing you have to know about Sprague is he's a total fucking snitch.

I was living with him during quarantine.

The cops constantly coming over.

He was calling them on my ass if there was any noise after 10 p.m.

Here's the way I see it.

I call the cops to make them fucking tired.

I call them 20 times a day.

Send them to like the place where nothing's going on.

These guys are like, you know what?

I'm going to go home.

I know there's real shit to get to.

But they are driving around.

They're going to get tuck her out by 7 p.m.

I mean, honestly Sprague, I was confused that you were calling them in the first place.

Also, I thought A.C.A.B. meant all cats are beautiful.

It should.

It absolutely should.

I didn't know.

Can I ask you a question?

Sure.

When you started working at The Daily Show, was it one of those things where you were like, oh shit, like there's a new level to everything that I had not learned or was it more just like I was kind of already woke.

So this was the funky part about being a correspondent, right?

Is that all of the big stuff Trevor Noah is going to talk about.

So clever.

That's his job.

That's what you do.

You can skip the first five pages of the newspaper usually because you're never going to be covering that.

That's all I am.

I'm the one with your special interest stories to them, you know, holding a cat at a doctor place or come get this animal she needs to be.

The Daily Show is doing stories on cat adoptions.

They should be everywhere should be doing stories on cat adoptions.

They're beautiful, the beautiful creatures.

They get bad press all the time and it's like a cat.

Do you have a cat, Kelsey?

I have two cats at my mama's house.

Ooh.

Okay.

Yeah.

If I had cats, I'd keep them elsewhere as well.

I'm allergic.

So they got to be somewhere else for me.

Yeah.

Well, there goes me and Sprig ever being together.

Um, yes, I have two kitty cats.

Was there, was there, you said you're not going to get together with Sprig the Whisperer?

He's allergic to cats.

So that's just, I thought Sprig you had an opening and you just, I thought you even registered that she moved on from you.

I thought we were hitting you off.

I was going to, oh, the cat thing.

This bites me in the ass a lot.

I go to say the second I mentioned I'm allergic to cats, most women are just like, thank you next, you know.

Yeah.

It's strange that women would rather be with cats than with a, you know, a great wonderful snitch like Sprig the Whisperer.

Yeah.

It's kind of hard to, people really like dogs and I'm not a fan.

So, not a fan.

What do you, you know, I didn't used to like dogs until I got one.

What do you not like about dogs?

It's a lot.

Yeah.

What's the case of poop or the, just their whole energy level?

Well, I am technically afraid of dogs.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I used to be as well.

I, because I was chased by a dog when I was a newspaper boy.

I used to be out there in the afternoons on my bicycle delivering the Orange County Register.

When his story just, he just, when were you delivering?

He just really went back a few generations.

I was on my bicycle and I was for the, they don't have bicycles anymore.

But yeah, you call it a bicycle.

The kid delivered papers.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I was in the mail, man.

I was a newspaper boy delivering papers.

I'm not, I'm not, I was not like I was wearing a like a Newsy cap saying extra, extra out on a street corner.

Extra, extra.

Newscpaper still hired newspaper boys.

I thought there was TV stuff.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

People like me were actually, I had a special bag for it, a canvas bag that went around my handlebars and I would bicycle around the neighborhood throwing papers at, at porches.

And I was chased by a very large dog and it made me very frightened of dogs for a long time.

Yeah.

And I had people sick dogs on me.

So really?

Wait, why, why were they sick dogs on someone as sweet as you?

Racism.

Oh, that's the answer to a lot of those types of questions.

It's pretty fucked up.

Sometimes you're like, whoa, what's going to be the fun corky answer here?

There's something going on.

Do you have a fun story?

No, it's kind of just fucked up.

It's just racism.

Don't say I got, I got, I got, I got to ask you about the great north because I'm a, I'm a big fan of this show.

Oh, thank you.

Uh, it's, uh, uh, of course.

Oh, you have, uh, oh yes.

There's honey bee herself.

Your character is honey bee.

I love that design.

That's so tight.

This is.

I helped design it.

Oh, you did?

Really?

What, what, what parts of it did you help design with?

Hair.

Okay.

Good.

Oh, there's a flower in the hair.

Was that your choice as well?

Uh, no, I didn't know she had a flower in her hair.

So we did the first table read and I saw like the cut out of her and I was like, oh, they put a flower in her hair because I have a flower in my afro and like, uh, like my headshot.

So they put the flower in her hair.

I love, I love that you got to design the hair because to me, it tells me a little story of these white animators in the room being like, all right, let's design this character.

Here we go.

We draw the character.

Here we go.

Perfect.

Right.

And so, you know what?

Let's call Dulce and make sure we get signed off on this because we can look like shit.

You know, I think that's really fun.

They checked in with you on that.

But the show is, it's, it's, it's sort of in the Bob's Burgers universe in a way.

I mean, it's, uh, it's the same people that do Bob's Burgers.

Same people to do.

Same animation studio.

The, the maulin used sisters who are hilarious people.

The maulin used them.

They're great.

They, they, they, they write it.

My friend Kevin Sesha, it got him off the streets because he's a writer on it.

That's the stuff.

And, uh, yeah.

You know, he, he, well, he was living upstairs for a while.

Yeah.

And so upstairs in your house is the streets?

Well, yeah.

I live on a street.

Yeah, of course.

And, uh, you live on a street or do you live on these streets?

I don't know.

Dulce.

He's not.

Look, when we talk about these streets, Scott's not really going to know what we're talking about.

He doesn't.

I mean, he doesn't.

He doesn't know what he's saying.

Wait, are you, are you tight and freckling?

No, no, no, no.

I don't know anything.

But he did, he was staying in my house for a while.

And apparently he had sex in my jacuzzi before I did.

You know, that's a rude house.

So much of this man's beautiful.

Shoots fired.

You might as well move.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I mean, you hope shots weren't fired.

That was your jacuzzi.

No, I'm afraid he did.

But, uh, so he was, he was at my house for a while, but I'm so glad that he is a writer on the show.

And it's, uh, it's a, it's a great show.

It's, uh, tell us a little bit about it.

I love the show.

So my character, honey bee.

Um.

She meets, um, her fiance, fiance, Wolf Tobin.

He lives in a little moose Alaska and they meet on a, like a movie catch phrase, um, a website and she drives up from Fresno to be with him.

And your fiance is played by Will Forte.

Uh, who do we have?

Nick Offerman is the, I guess the, the family.

Nick Offerman plays the dad beef Tobin.

And then Jenny Slate is the daughter Jenny.

You have of course our good friend Paul Rust.

Friend of the show is, uh, um, Ham Tobin and then the youngest son moon is played by a Parnan and charla.

Our good friend Aparna as well.

So a wonderful cast.

Great.

Right.

It was amazing.

And Megan Malawi plays, um, Jenny's boss and also kind of like a crush on Nick Offerman.

Yeah.

Kind of like, because they're contractually, there's something in their contracts about they have to be horny for each other 24 hours a day.

Is that what it looks like?

Even when they work in, um, one of my favorite.

Very weird.

It's like I've never seen too horny or people who, who then have to put it.

They have to like shove it in our faces.

Does that happen?

I mean, you just met me.

So you know, okay.

I'm sorry.

I don't know how horny you are.

We'll find out.

Check back in six months.

Has it been thrown in your face?

How horny does he?

And when we tape your last episode as well, you'll have to tell me how horny you are.

There's horny and then there's in heat in your girl.

Always in heat baby boy.

Well you're also a great stand up comedian.

You really run the gamut of wonderful jobs.

Correspondent stand up comedian, voice over actress Dulce Sloane is on the show.

We need to take a break if that's okay.

And when we come back, we're going to be talking to a big Hollywood director and a big Hollywood star.

And not to say that neither of you are neither of those things, but you're kind of really leaned into the big part of that as though they weren't anyone big on the show before.

You're talking to some working people here.

I mean, Dulce is on the Daily Show.

That's a huge show.

That's a huge show, but you're like a working class snitch.

And so, you know what, Dulce, you gave this guy the cosign to call me a snitch and I'm not liking it.

Listen, well, I didn't change your audience.

I didn't think you would hit it so hard, friend.

That was not my intent.

It's okay.

I did not come with my thesis.

I was not trying to come, you know, to divide the family.

You're right.

You know, I am a snitch.

I deserve it.

You can call me a snitch only one.

But look, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have the Hollywood director, Hollywood actor.

We will be right back with more spray with a whisper, more Dulce Sloan.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

We have Sprague the Whisperer here of course of Whisperer Studios, which essentially is a cave.

I got tired of that cave life.

That's mainly one of the reasons that I left.

I abandoned the cave as well.

But reform is somewhere on the Sony lot.

Yeah, I can't be the cave city.

No, not the Sony lot.

I can't get there every day.

It's a long drive, but we're going to have to do it.

Scott, I'm sorry.

Dulce Sloan here from the Great North on Sundays on Fox.

I still hear.

And the Daily Show, which as far as I'm concerned, it's only on four days a week, you know?

Shouldn't it be the four days a week show or what?

Yeah, it's kind of confusing.

It comes on every day that it comes on.

Oh, that's what they're referring to.

That's what they mean.

Daily when the show comes on, it does come on.

You know, it comes out every day.

I've been banging my head against the wall on that one.

And now I feel like, OK, now I have to stand.

Now it all makes sense.

God, this is like the doors of perception or can I ask you a quick question?

Scott, before we bring in these guests, Dulce, can you do me a favor?

Can you do the voice from your character on up north?

Can you just do like a quick voice?

What's the voice sound like?

The Great North.

Yes.

Honeybee, honeybee.

This is one of my favorite things for me that I did for everyone.

Take notes on how the one can get into character.

Let me show you how I get into character.

Sometimes when I'm getting into character, I say the name Scott a few times.

I say Scott.

Scott.

Hey, that was great.

That was great.

She's real happy.

So like my favorite line from her was when she goes, I move into Alaska.

So that's what, oh, you know what?

I'm glad I asked because that's the vibe I was looking for.

I want to feel a good show where black women move to Alaska.

One is very optimistic and close.

It's a close knit family.

Also, Alanis Morissette is in the show.

Yeah, that's how I was going to say.

Alanis Morissette plays Judy's, I kept mixing.

Sort of mentor, but she plays herself, but her imaginary friend in a way.

Alanis Morissette is basically the Alanis Borealis.

That is Judy's imaginary friend.

And she steps out on her roof and gets advice from her famous singer from the night.

And it usually has something to do with lyrics of Alanis Morissette songs.

Yes, they had one that I didn't get where Alanis goes.

Judy, I have one hand in my pocket and my other hand is very proud of you.

And I was like, oh, I'm going to have to Google this.

I'm going to have to go hit Spotify up and listen to some songs.

Well, luckily for you, the man Scott Scott's going to know immediately what it is.

The minute you type in hand in pocket, you have it, right?

That's the day with the song.

Or you get a very interesting Google search.

It's true.

That is true.

You have a new kink.

Wait a second.

Scott, hold on.

I just looked at who's waiting to come onto the show.

And I can't freaking believe we're sitting here talking about this is crazy.

Wait a minute, hold on.

Why are you filming on the show?

All I know is this is a director and an actor.

Okay, I want you to look at it.

Just look over here.

When you look where it's participants.

Scott, look who's who look who's figured out this zoom yet.

You got to go down to the bottom.

And then when you see the little who's joining.

Do I press stop?

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Look at the little guy.

Look who's joined.

We over here talking about all this build sets.

We're talking all the shit.

We got to introduce this guy.

He is look everyone knows just who he is just by looking at him.

He spread his arms at the Oscars and declared himself the king of the world in a move that was definitely not self centered and we all loved and thought more of him rather than less of him.

He is the director of such films as Terminator, Terminator to Judgment Day where they started.

They created the technology of morphing and aliens and of course.

He made aliens?

He made aliens.

He made the abyss.

A lot of a movies including Avatar which is we have some sequels coming out soon.

God please welcome to the show James Cameron.

Scott hello.

Wow.

Scott.

How the gravitas.

The electricity of a Scott hello.

I can't believe that.

This is incredible.

I'm very excited to be on the show.

Oh my God.

I've been listening and everything you've been talking about is right in my wheelhouse.

What's been in your wheelhouse James?

Out of this world.

You know about it.

James I'm re-booting this thing.

This is a show that touched on all of my themes.

I make films about aliens and about people who use time to solve problems in unorthodox ways.

Well you know we and when I say we are just spraying and doing this together.

We need to attach a director.

I don't know if you're free.

Well actually I have to maybe we'll make some news here because I'm currently working on the Avatar sequels.

One of the Avatar sequels is going to be tying into the out of this world universe.

This is crazy.

This is insane.

The Navi were actually I actually named them the Navi as a tribute to Evie.

Evie.

Evie will meet the Navi.

They were there for all along.

Whoa.

Yeah.

Can I ask?

This is incredible.

Can I ask about the unobtainium?

Yeah.

People are able to obtain that.

Very hard to get.

Can I ask if the unobtainium, the naming of this, in the creative process, was this like a 430 on a Friday decision?

Yeah.

Okay.

Yes.

But it was the very first Friday that I ever thought about Avatar.

It wasn't part of a.

Why wasn't the planet called first draftium?

We'll get to this laterium.

We never considered, I never once considered another name for it.

I don't want to reveal too much about what happens in the Avatar sequels, but unobtainium will still be very hard to get ahold of.

Yes.

I had wondered.

You got to give it to the fans, you know.

I thought you were going to make the unobtainium so easy to get, but it's still so hard.

No.

Well, I guess I can go ahead and reveal this that in Avatar 2, Avatar 2, unobtainium will be on back-orderium.

Oh my gosh.

This is huge.

This is crazy.

It's on back-orderium.

Can I say, Mr. Cameron, why come here today?

Are you just dropping bombs about the sequels?

Like, I'm so mad at the movie.

Why are you making news on this show?

Yeah.

Why comedy bang bang?

Why not hit up deadline?

They love making news.

Why did you go to WTF?

People make news on that show.

It's a victory lap.

We're hitting up every show that we can.

Yes.

This is Jake Sully.

The main character.

You brought Jake Sully with you?

Yes.

From the after movies?

The real Jake Sully.

I'm the star of Avatar.

Scott, you said I was an actor from a movie.

That's not true.

Not true.

What are you?

You're a character from a movie?

The biggest movie star of all time.

I guess so.

Is this the boy to get put in the pod?

You know, almost that.

I'm the thing that comes out of the pod.

A perfectly photorealistic American blue CGI alien.

Wait, that sort of Snapchat filter?

No.

He is real.

Hold on.

I'm freaking out.

Okay, so you occupied the pod?

Well, did you colonize from within?

Because it sounds like you colonized from within.

This sounds like some get out shit.

Hey, get out.

You gotta get out it.

You need to know.

Jake gets in.

He gets in.

Jake Sully gets in.

Did you think of calling Avatar gets in?

That's so bad.

None of my ideas were ever considered otherwise.

That was one thing that you should know about me is if you have a lot of questions about whether or not I had any doubt in any aspect of anything.

We could just save those questions.

The answer is.

Everything that we have, we have experienced about Avatar, that was the way it should have been and was always.

There was never any.

Wow.

It's easy that you work that way because I do a lot of rewrites, James.

You don't do that at all.

No, occasionally I will tell other people if I'm working on something, if I'm producing something and someone else is writing something, I'll say you need to rewrite this.

But that's the most I ever, that's the most rewriting I ever do.

And you need to get it to the way I've always imagined it and will always, you know, just get to be your fascinating guy, Mr. Cameron.

I got, can I call you Mr. Cameron?

You call me Jim.

Oh, what's Jim?

Jim?

Yes.

And if we get real fun together, then you can start calling me Jimmy.

Oh, okay.

But I'm not going to, I won't sign off on that yet.

Well, will you let us know when that happens?

Will you go like some sort of a wank or a nod or?

No, I'll tell you, you'll know.

Okay.

So there's no Jimmy.

Yeah, but right now we're at Jim.

Okay, Jim.

I came here to gloat because Avatar is now the number one movie of all time.

Biggest movie of all time.

We reclaimed the crown.

Right.

So for the listeners, Avengers Endgame had taken the crown for a while.

The first best.

And as the highest grossing film of all time.

And now, Avatar somehow recently went to get, how did that happen?

They re-released it.

We re-released the film in China, the only healthy box office.

Interesting.

Market in the world.

And we are now once again the number one highest grossing film of all time.

Well, why doesn't Avengers Endgame release it in China again?

And you know, I mean, it seems like you guys would be at a detente where each of you will just keep re-releasing the movie over and over and over again.

Yeah, wouldn't fucking dare.

All right, I'll settle down.

I can't speak to their motives.

But my assumption is the reason they won't do that is because they're cowards.

Who?

Captain America?

Marvel.

Yeah.

Okay.

Wow.

Avatar.

It's $2,833,679,794 Avengers Endgame.

$2,797,501,328, opinions.

Wow.

Can I get straight on who you are exactly?

Yeah.

I haven't wanted to ask too many questions about it to puncture the reality.

I'm having trouble.

So what's happening here?

So you are a CGI character, of course.

Correct.

I've been hated for the movie.

Did you gain sentience in that way?

Absolutely.

James Cameron always changes the game.

I did such a good job making the movie that he is real.

People were not exaggerating what they said.

It was the greatest special effects movie of all time because it created life.

American life.

Yeah, you're not Sam Worthington then?

Is that a thing you're in?

No, fuck him.

He was a standard.

He was essentially served as a glorified body double.

Yes.

What I did is I actually became a real life digital japeto.

I made a real boy.

Well, let me say this.

Look, I wanted to say this to you, Jim.

I love the idea of these new Avatar films.

But thank you.

It might be a better movie in this digital japeto thing you're talking about.

Like, the story of bringing a digital avatar to life, like maybe that's the movie I want to see.

Well, I have good news for you because eventually we're going to make so many Avatar movies that every Avatar movie you could ever have wanted will exist.

Right now, Avatar 2 is complete.

Avatar 3 is almost complete.

We're working on Avatar 4 and 5, and I'm here to announce Avatar 6, 7, and then there will be 8, 9, and 10.

I will never stop making Avatar movies.

We're going to make avatars, avatars, avatars all the time.

Whoa, this is incredible.

I mean, absolutely fucking good.

You're probably going to stop though, right after 11?

No, I'll never stop.

What?

Imagine an Avatar.

We're already working on it.

We're almost done with most of them.

So you'll have infinite avatars for any thought that an Avatar movie could be?

That's literally the name of one of the Avatar movies in the infinite avatars.

That's crazy.

I don't know how that's going to work.

You're going to die before you get this thing done.

No, I will never die.

I'm King of the World.

The King of the World can't die.

I will never die.

I have created.

My son will never die because he has made a billions and billions of beautiful blue ones and zeros.

That's me.

My daddy's James Cameron.

You up your daddy in a submarine.

Does Al stand for alien?

I'd like to fuck.

It does to me.

You're talking about Gordon Shumway?

You don't know all of these names.

I don't know names.

I don't know Angela Bassett.

Gordon Shumway is the name of Al.

That's his proper name.

He's from Melmac.

I know that.

And the reason he likes to eat cats is because that's a euphemism.

Oh, he's putting him.

Yes.

So he does want to fuck.

So we were on the right track.

This is an alien.

The wolf is out there eating pussy every night.

That's right.

What?

Ah.

Somebody called DJ Khaled.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

He's just the odd dacity of that man.

That man.

Doesn't eat Fox.

He doesn't eat Fox, but she has to reciprocate because he's the King.

She reciprocate.

She's not how you're saying that.

He's finishing it.

Wait, are you like into that?

I don't know.

You were just reciting that information.

What's it taking on?

No, it's disgusting.

You never become the biggest movie star of all time with that behavior.

I offer kunalingas to every star of every other film on the 100 highest grossing movies of all time.

Oh, no, no, no, that's not cool.

Are you doing honor?

It's just an offer.

All of them, every, all the other ones other than the one that I'm in.

I didn't mean every other alternating.

I thought you were with it.

My word choice was confusing.

Are you afraid of dating because you're not a real boy?

Is that?

I am.

I'm a real man.

You're a leader of the Navee.

I'm better than them.

Do you have sex organs?

I mean, like I know in Avatar, all the Navi, they stuck their ponytails into each other's butts.

He's holding up a ponytail here for the listening.

Okay.

So is that your thing?

Does that give you pleasure to stick it up someone's butt?

Yeah, it does.

I'm kind of pulling a Jeffrey Toobin on this zoom right now.

Stop playing with your ponytail.

Look, look, we have to go to a break.

I want to listen.

Yeah, this is the beat.

We have to go to a break.

Don't say you might not know.

You might not know who Jeffrey Toobin in.

That was definitely something Trevor Noah covered.

Yeah, Trevor knows who he just asked Trevor.

It's a page two story.

We need to go to a break.

When we come back, we'll be still talking to James Cameron.

There's so much that we need to talk to James Cameron about.

And Jake Sully, the biggest movie star of the time.

I know that we'll be talking to Jake Sully all that much but we'll also have Dulce Sloan and we will have Sprague the Whisper.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Okay, so here's what happened.

He was on a Zoom and he was masturbating, right?

And then he...

Oh, welcome back to comedy bang bang.

Sorry, I was explaining the Jeffrey Toobin thing.

Sorry.

Oh, I remember this.

Now you remember this.

Maybe you don't know his name.

There's so many men being in appropriate place that you just can't keep up with them.

Just remember his name as a verb and then you'll remember it.

It's like a sort of a mnemonic trick there.

Gone Toobin.

Meanwhile, we have Jake Sully over here playing with his dingle dong.

His little braid.

Did you braid that yourself or just...

Yeah, of course I did.

You did.

Well, no, I mean, look, I was rendered this way.

If you're asking in canon within the Navi culture, one has to learn how to braid themselves.

But this is the benefit of being a CGI.

Did you just wake up in that movie?

Is that your earliest memory?

Yeah.

Yeah, I'm one of the few people where my birth, my first moments of life are captured in the highest grossing film of all time.

I say one of the few who will be others.

There's also on that list every other Navi.

Oh, we didn't see their births in the movie.

Well...

That's what you think.

Are there baby Navi?

Of course there are.

Did they just come out of...

Well, if you've fallen into the butt or...

I mean, the braids are in the butt.

No, the braids are in the back of the head, the babies come out of the butts.

James, do you want to feel this one?

I didn't know we were going to get into anatomy.

Yes, the babies come out of the butts.

Okay.

And that was always...

You know what?

I'm not going to ask.

I'm going to answer on that Friday at 4.30 when I thought of it.

That's not a penny.

That's not a penny, isn't it?

It was a great week.

How many things were thought of on that Friday at 4.30?

All of it?

Many of them.

Were you at it, TGI Fridays, by the way?

You were just enjoying the happy hour?

I might have been.

I remember nothing except the world that I birthed that day.

Pandora!

Pandora.

The world is Pandora.

Okay, so it's you, Jack Daniel's wings, Apple Martine.

This sounds like a James Cameron kind of vibe.

And you were like, yes.

Can I ask you a question?

What do you do when you're not in the movie?

Like, you know, you're here now.

You're sort of hanging up.

Do you know how do you exist?

Because we're not in the movie, are we?

Or are we in the sequel right now?

No, I hope so.

I didn't find anything.

I spent about 11 or 12 years just texting a gym on a weekly basis, just going like, hey, how are the scripts coming?

Any progress?

And he'd be like, oh, it's not two anymore.

It's two and three.

And I'd be like, cool, the sooner we could start to the better.

And he'd be like, great, we added it's four now.

And I'd be like, would love to just get started on to do those other ones later.

So you're not doing anything this whole time?

No, Jake is being modest.

The true answer is that Jake Sully does whatever he wants.

Right.

So mostly I live in Silver Lake.

I want TaskRabbit.

Right.

Right, right, right.

So you do have small time jobs.

You do things.

You hold stuff down.

Are you like a gig economy worker?

Yeah, no, it's, I will say, I mean, it's very hard to get cast as a Navee in Hollywood.

You would think being the star of the highest grocery film of all time, doors would open, but really only Avatar films aren't interested in casting 12 foot tall sexy cat aliens.

Well, it's like that movie Garfield came out.

It's one of the biggest movies of the year.

Do you see Garfield in other movies?

No, he doesn't book.

He does not book.

He was going to be added to the Fast and the Furious team, but apparently him and Tyrese had some tension so they couldn't be on the same side.

If you weren't, if you won't work with a legend like Garfield, I mean, yeah, I mean, come on, maybe even John Arbuckle would work with him.

And John Arbuckle's been dealing with him and his lasagna habit for years.

Oh, yeah.

And he does it.

But, but here's the thing.

It's like, I understand why it's hard for someone like you to work, you know, because they're the tyreces of the world that just don't want to be upstage by a CGI catman, you know, Jim, do you think we should make our big announcement here today?

Whoa, there's another party.

Now you've already announced infinite avatars and we'd like to announce a new cast member being added to all Avatar sequels.

Whoa, Garfield the cat.

Wow, wow.

This is huge.

This is, yes, I'll choose.

I did hear normal audition, but you know what?

It is glad to see the car filled out the job.

Wasn't a fait.

Two Avatar two, we're announcing the title of it.

A cabitar.

All cats are beautiful.

Garfield the cat.

Garfield the cat will be joining the Avatar universe.

This is incredible.

As it is.

What is he gonna be?

Is he gonna be blue?

I mean, he's got those wonderful orange stripes.

He's gonna be blue, baby.

Wow.

Okay.

Yeah, for a plow.

It sounded like we wanted him to be orange.

You know, the fans maybe wanted.

But you decided on Friday at 4.30.

That he used.

No, there was no question that Garfield, if he was going to be an Avatar, it would be a blue Garfield to distinguish the previous era of his life.

Oh, it's a new Marcation point.

My hope is there will be, it's a tale of two gyms really because there's Jim Davis and then there's Jim Cameron.

And from now on, people will think of the Jim Davis Garfield as the orange Garfield and the blue Garfield as the Jim Cameron Garfield.

Are you giving me the Jim Wink?

Can I call you Jim now?

You can call me Jim, but you hold the M at the end.

Like hold it like a hum.

Okay, Jim.

Yeah.

What about Jim Belushi?

Should he be involved in this?

Three gyms?

I don't even know if I'm allowed to say this.

I think we should say it.

Why my will she?

Jim Belushi.

Any secrets.

Jim Belushi will be an Avatar three, not Avatar two, Avatar three.

Only three.

Yes.

Only three.

Okay, hold on.

Hold on.

Black Curly and Duke Washburn from the City Slickers movies.

They are going to be Navi.

They will be in the film.

This is a good time.

I mean, this is mind blowing.

Wait, why are we acting surprised?

Hold on.

Let me try something out.

Let me see.

Is Barack Obama going to be in one of these sequels?

No, he's not an actor.

Why would he be it?

He's a former president.

Avatar 22.

All of the Obamas.

Oh, what?

Wow.

Yeah, okay, this makes sense.

Yes, Barack Obama was in the film and I said no because the Obama family is in the Avatar universe.

Okay.

Yeah, I'm very carey.

You're going to be Jake Sully.

Wait, I got an idea.

I got an idea.

Hey, I heard that in Avatar like three of four, my client Sean Disson shows up in a very well-paying role.

That's correct.

That is correct.

What's his part?

Does he have a fun part?

Does he do something where he like his eyes get open wide or does he just play the butt that a brain gets stuck in?

Yeah, one of the other.

What do you think?

What's his part?

He does play a butt.

A brain does get stuck in him.

Okay.

You know what he's like.

And he will be well-paid.

Well, okay.

Good.

Hey, you know what?

That's good for me because I get 10%.

He'll get points.

Do you ever want to do anything that's not an Avatar movie ever again?

I mean, look, I saw Avatar.

It was 2009.

It was fine.

I kind of got snookered into watching it in 3D because 3D was supposed to be great then.

So everyone paid double to see it in 3D.

Honestly, that's why it's so financially successful is because we all paid for 3D.

What are you with?

I'm so sorry you got snookered into having the best time you've ever had in a movie theater.

I'm so sorry you got snookered into being transported to the world of Pandora.

I'm not going to lie.

I was there with two friends and each of us took separate naps.

We took three separate naps at different times.

Was it one where you were like, I'll wake you up in an hour.

You should be.

I was like, we were on watch.

Guarding below.

Explain what happened in the ride home.

Yeah, exactly.

So, you know, I mean- I'm trying to watch a movie.

I get that you maybe you like Pandorium or whatever the hell it is, but- No, Pandorium is what Pandorium is made of.

Okay, great.

But I feel like the rest of the world has moved on a little bit.

Well, here's the thing.

I would understand if I was coming to you saying I'm going to make four more Avatar movies, that would be a legitimate question.

Because you think, oh, do you really want to make four more Avatar movies?

Because you think, well, there's only so many things.

You only so many stories.

What are they going to do?

They're going to go to the bottom of the ocean.

Obviously, you're going to spend some time at the bottom of the ocean.

They're going to swim around at the bottom of the ocean.

Obviously that feels- Obviously the very tippy top of the clouds.

Yeah.

And I thought to myself, JJ, do you honestly want to just make four more Avatar?

It's his nickname that you'll never use.

And I thought, no.

I thought, what's cooler than five Avatar's?

A billion Avatar's.

Like in the, you know, like in the movie.

Like, yes, exactly like in that.

Yeah.

Like in that other movie that is really old that people don't really care about anymore.

Wow.

Yeah.

And we're going to be- All of the sequels to the social network will be Avatar movies that I will be making.

You know, I think you're out of control, Jim, but I'm here for it to be honest.

Well, Jim, I don't know.

I think that Butt just got added into a few more Avatar movies.

Hell yeah.

You tell your client.

I'm collecting 10% on those, baby.

Stunt Butts is a stunt butts where they just got to paint his butt blue.

Is he a stunt butts?

Oh, yeah.

Does he have to paint his own butt blue or can you just change it to blue somehow with technology?

I could change it, but I will give him the option if he wishes to paint his own butt blue.

Whatever helps this process.

If we can work the Carlton dance in there, I kind of feel like this is the perfect role for this guy.

Does he do an oracle?

Oh, you better believe he does an oracle.

And we're saying some of the deeper cuts like got any cheese, that kind of thing.

And they'll say just so you don't feel left out, one of the avatars takes place in Alaska.

And guess who's there?

Oh, middle.

And guess who's there?

Because then they have to figure out how to put some clothes on because it's cold.

Yeah.

But guess who's there?

Guess who's there?

Who who who who?

What?

There's a certain character.

Don't tell me.

Honeybee.

So honeybee is welcoming the avatars to Lomus Alaska.

That's right.

And she is their ambassador to the Humans where she teaches them very quickly that they should leave as soon as possible.

Because if I see if other people see them, not me, but other people see them, they'll probably murder them.

Yeah.

I'm right at 4.30 because we just wrote an avatar.

Oh my god.

Wow.

Now I see how it works.

Oh my god.

Well, guys, this is an historic show.

We broke so much showbiz news on this.

But unfortunately, even shows such as this need to come to an end.

We only have one final feature on the show.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

I'm right at 4.30 because we're all going to be able to see them.

Oh, okay.

That was Bed On Fleas by Acid Family.

You know, I mean, a few weeks back, I said, hey, why do all these plugs songs, always the lyrics are always about plugs?

And then people started sending songs that were plug songs, but they weren't about plugs.

Now I feel like people have segued into just sending me album tracks from their albums and they want to get played on the show.

I don't hate just school.

I think they were saying something about plugs in there, but man, that was a lot of things.

I don't think so.

It was Bed On Fleas, Bed On Fleas that just kept repeating that.

I'm bringing that shit to Germany next time I go to Berlin.

Yeah, definitely.

All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Dulce, what do we have out there?

I'm on the Daily Show when I'm on and I have the great news.

So wait, why don't they call it the Dulce Show because when you're on the Daily Show, you're on it.

No, no, no.

Much like when the Daily Show is on, it's on.

Is the Daily Show with Trevor?

No.

No, Trevor, no is on Daily.

Oh, I see.

It's good.

And when she's on show with Dulce, it's low.

I'm on the Daily Show with Trevor, no, when I'm on.

Got it.

Okay.

Someday I understand this.

Right.

I understand now.

And then there's the great north that comes on every Sunday at 8.30 p.m. Eastern on Fox.

And then I'm on this podcast.

You're on this one right here.

Yeah.

That's what's this podcast.

And your last episode will be coming up whenever, you know, down the line, whenever, you know, we're wrapping up the show.

Your final episode will be there.

You'll probably sing something to me.

You'll shed a tear and talk about how meaningful our relationship is.

Explain your egot awards and which ones you got.

You got to me.

Yeah.

Yeah, you know, just talk about my kids and, you know, just really come on and be like, I'm so, you know, being a mother, you know, just as someone.

This is going to be a great last episode.

I've got to send, oh my God.

Everyone's got to tune into that.

Hopefully a few years down the line, but then you'll have several more in between.

Yeah, you know, several more years, several more humans, you know, whoever gets in between and puts, you know, you just got to make sure you stop making humans.

I'll tell you that much as much as James Cameron would love it if they did.

And they just made Navi speaking of whom.

Hello.

Yeah.

Stop playing with your goddamn braids.

It's gross.

James Cameron, Jake, solely anything you guys want to plug?

Well, obviously Avatar 2.

Yeah, I felt like you might say that.

Sure.

But also, but I would also like to get a plug in for Avatar 3, 4 and 5.

Yeah, sure.

Yeah.

Also, if people are looking for entertainment, the George Lucas talk show on Sunday nights on planet scum.live.

It's a four hour long show.

I believe you've been on it, Scott.

I have been on it.

Yeah, that's right.

You know, that reminds me you have a certain George Lucas kind of whole vibe about you.

Oh, you're saying all billionaire directors look the same?

I'm not saying you look the same, just your sound the same.

Have similar comedic rhythms.

Yes.

That's a big 10 fall.

Yes.

And also is about being a billionaire director.

But yeah, all of your jokes seem to land the same way.

Also, I'd like to plug the podcast Dead Eyes, which is a podcast by Connor Ratliff about the time that he auditioned for Band of Brothers and was cast and was cast in Band of Brothers.

And then was fired by Tom Hanks.

Fired personally by Tom Hanks using his gump voice.

The day before he was supposed to start filming, this young man was fired.

The reason he was told was that Tom Hanks had looked at his audition tape and thought that he had dead eyes.

That's right.

And Tom Hanks told him that while on the big piano jumping around from key to key.

Isn't that right?

I'm not familiar with the details of it, but it's a heck of a podcast.

By the way, that story is what inspired JJ to use CGI to create his own V-ray so he could create actors who had the most alive eyes ever.

Since the Polar Express.

Yes.

Perfect.

I mean, Tom Hanks, alive by myself in the Polar Express.

You know what I'm saying?

Like, does that ever come up on Dead Eyes?

Oh, stay tuned.

You want to take down Polar Express.

Y'all are talking about how creepy that movie look because that movie is creepy.

Oh, I do want to promote a podcast.

There is a podcast called WOW Rude with Madison Shepherd and Danielle Perez.

They are very good friends of mine.

They are wonderful women of color in Los Angeles.

And my name comes up quite frequently because they're all from.

Okay.

So they're telling stories about you or they're just, you know, they're really here to get the tea, set the tea, whether it's hot or it's cold with the highest low capital lower case.

So WOW Rude, is that what the show is?

WOW Rude.

Yeah, WOW Rude.

Are you going to get that anywhere the podcast are sold?

Anywhere the podcast are sold, batteries not included.

You will need a date to be fixed.

I'm going to call batteries not included by the way.

That's something I've never seen, Sprague.

All right.

You've never seen batteries not included?

Never seen it.

Yeah.

It has a little astro...

One of the only movies to have an asterisk other than 61 maybe?

61 has it.

Yeah, 61 has it.

And it's just those two.

And 61 makes sense because it's about the amount of home runs someone hit.

Is that right?

Something like that.

But in any case, one of our guests is sitting there like going through the...

The Rolodex and his brain.

I'm going to look it up.

Sprague, do you have anything you want to plug here?

Of course.

I mean, you have so much going on.

Of course, I've got the reboot of Out of This World coming up.

Of course, we've got a lot of rewrites to do.

Maybe I'll figure out a new version of the song.

You'll see you're involved.

And of course, you can check out my clients Patreon at patreon.com slash on this.

Of course, me and your Ninja Turtles podcast there.

All episodes are up there.

I believe we did 12 episodes.

They're all up there for your binging pleasure.

Yes, we've got episodes with Bobby Mohinnihan, Michael Ian Black.

We've got if you know about it.

Tutsiana Maslani.

We've got a star-studded podcast.

It's gonna pay five.

That's great.

Do you want to pay five bucks and just listen to all of it in one month?

Go ahead.

I'm telling T-shirts, of course, we have the future's female splinter's T-shirt on T-public.

And if you want to buy one of those shirts every month, we're donating all the proceeds to different charities.

It's the most confusing T-shirt you will ever buy.

It's a picture of splinter with the words the future is female.

I will say someone did send a picture of him with his newborn daughter being like, so glad I could bring my daughter into this world.

And I was like, wow, I am a cancer.

So yes, if you buy a splinter T-shirt, we're donating all the money to charity and you can follow my clients on this and online to see where he donated.

So this splinter isn't giving you like a Lola Bunny.

No, no, he's not dressed.

He's not dressed.

It's just purely a picture of splinter in a bath.

It's a picture of splinter in his classic robe.

Oh, it's completely unconnected to the message of the future's female.

But there's something so intriguing about the shirt.

It's sweeping the nation.

You've actually sold over a thousand of them.

So they're in America.

So buy them.

And that's all I've got to plug for right now.

Incredible.

I have nothing to plug other than this podcast and of course, Freedom, which is the podcast that I do with Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkis, not Lauren Krapkis.

That is a different podcast.

You can get those on Thursday.

Subscribe to that.

That's more Paul and Lauren and I having fun and telling stories and playing games.

All right, let's close up the old podcast.

Excuse me.

Uh oh.

I didn't think you had it.

I didn't think you had anything to plug.

You're a fake.

You're not my human or anything.

I have some things to plug.

Okay.

Yeah, I beg your pardon.

And it better not be a braid because that's gross stuff.

Yeah.

It's not a braid, is it?

I would like to plug Avatar 2.

Okay.

All right.

Avatar 3, 4, 5, 6.

Sure.

I'll do it.

You just want to say your braid, don't you?

As a CGI character who considers my billionaire director father to be a comedic sidekick, I really love what they're doing on the George Lucas talk show.

Okay.

We already plugged that.

We've like this.

God, I had such a good dismount joke.

I'll say something else.

This CGI guy sucks.

And most of these movie podcasts out there make the same jokes that you did.

Who remembers Avatar?

No one cares anymore.

There's one movie podcast out there that did an episode on Avatar that was really positive.

And everyone else on the internet uses it to clown on them.

But playing tech with Griffin and David did a pro Avatar episode and people are still like, why do you listen to those guys' opinions?

They like Avatar.

Clearly, they're easy lays.

I think they're smart and open-minded.

Do they ever talk about 61 asterisk?

Like in their Barry Pepper season?

No, that would be for a Billy Crystal season.

Forget Paris in 61.

And I have one last thing I want to plug here.

Let me just look at my list.

Oh, yes.

I'd like to plug my brain into someone else's brain.

Oh, let's close up the old plug bag.

All right.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you'll find that you'll get in the little eye mist.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open up the old plug bag.

And I'll show you guys a little bit.

And don't mess around with it.

Yeah.

You don't mess around.

Don't mess around with your new old plug bag.

Open it up.

Open that shit.

That's all good song.

Oh, God.

Wow.

That was incredible.

That was the That's a Good Song Remix by Scott Ralston.

Wow.

That was great.

I could have seen Dose's Face While Four, Don't Men Dance Around in their Chairs to that song.

Like it was a real bump.

I have the confusion.

I can't believe we just, that's embarrassing to me.

Girl, they were really happy.

I apologize.

But I really enjoyed it.

I mean, I'm a guest in this house.

You know, I, you know, I get my shoes off when I got to the door.

You know, I keep all thoughts and feelings to myself.

I'm paying a rent here.

You know what I mean?

There's also a horse in this house.

There's a horse in this house, Scott.

You know what?

We haven't been making it next year.

You know, I don't want to hold y'all.

You know, it's just, it's just runs through you just to hear a man quote.

Well, I hate to do this, but one of the avatars we've been called Wapatar.

No, that's not, I mean, that doesn't sound good.

We're going deep.

Yeah, you go to Cascardi B.

The L.S.

I've not watched.

Absolutely.

Oh, absolutely.

Alan is who DJ Khaled.

Yeah.

That makes sense.

All right, Wapatar.

Avatar.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You I'm going to go back to the next one.
