♪♪ If I'm snug as a bug in a rug, wrap me up. I'm an insect burrito. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to resubmit-re-my-tit for that catchphrase submission.

I knew that would get an old boy from our guest.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

How long until we're eating bugs?

I did a real question.

I know.

For real.

There is going to come a time where we are using bug protein.

Bug proteins in our food.

Yes, we need to stop eating meat from the farting cows upon this planet.

You know what?

Try it upon this planet.

Hey, any of the cows, to be honest with you, the ones that farted in the farts are the problem.

The thing.

You keep saying that your dream job is cow fart inspector?

Yes, collector.

Collector.

Is that why you keep ordering mason jars?

These are just jars from my friend mason, by the way.

These are not like official mason jars.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

By the way, this is episode 700.

Incredible.

A little under 12 years ago, we started this show and this is the 700th episode.

We are closing out another hundo.

Of course, we're not breaking off another hundo.

That will be next week.

But an incredible achievement in podcasting other than most podcasts that started around the same time have done it way earlier.

But yes, we're doing good.

Oh, who cares about the timing?

You know, they to achieve this is no small feat.

No small feat.

And speaking of no small feat, here's a guy with big ones and you know what that means.

He is in the movie John Wick 3, where he plays the TikTok man.

Of course, he was on our Comedy Bang Bang.

I was on Comedy Death, right?

He was in our Comedy Bang Bang Live Tour episode from Chicago, where he played the Dink Dink man.

Dink Dink, Mr. Wick.

Wait, is the Dink Dink man in the John Wickiverse?

Listen, chapters four and five of John Wickershooting is the Dink Dink man in.

I won't.

Oh my God, this is incredible.

I'm neither confirming nor denying.

That always means you're confirming.

You know what?

You don't print that.

Okay, I will not print that.

Yes.

So this is the one part I know every yes, Dink Dink, Mr.

Wick, every week we send out the transcripts of the show for our hearing impaired listeners.

And so this unfortunately will not be in that transcript.

There will just be a big black bar.

Codding me from the transcript.

And you know what?

It's been like, you know that you can get transcripts for any TV show.

Of course.

Yes.

I've been reading all of Frasier and it's so fun.

It's so eruditely written.

It's so fun to read Frasier transcripts.

I mean, the actors did a good job.

We're not discounting them.

You know, I don't even know who the actors on the show were.

I've just cast it myself in my mind.

Would it surprise you to learn that one of them was Kelsey Grammer?

Oh my, that is interesting.

The character Frasier from Cheers?

Yes, that's the same Frasier.

Wait, so Frasier in the TV show is related to Frasier from Cheers?

Well, he's not just related to my dear boy.

He is the one and the same.

He is the exact same human being.

Well, blown away man.

Yeah, it's incredible because they never do bring that up in any of the episodes, do they?

He's just kind of there in Seattle and they're like, he's just a little old.

They do.

Every once in a while he will reference an old haunt that I used to or exactly an old friend once told me or I used to have a local bar kind of thing.

You know, the other thing about Frasier and I don't want to get two into the weeds on Frasier before I introduce you, but he used to drink.

He was basically a functioning alcoholic on that show as the one on Cheers Plus.

He was a miserable individual, yes.

So he's there at a bar literally every afternoon.

He sees his last patient at like 2.30 and then he's like, well, time to go hit Cheers and he stays there all fucking night.

He gets to Seattle.

You never see him drink ever again.

No, he drinks like wine with Niles.

He's like, he's got it.

But yes, you're right.

He does not.

There isn't a bar.

Yeah.

Interestingly, the only bar inside the Frasier universe is his father's regular bar, Dukes, which is another blue collar bar.

Dukes, does he Frasier because like suddenly he goes once.

There's a very, there's a, there's an episode of Frasier where the dad invites the boys to get a drink at Dukes and the boys lose their minds because they're like, dad's never asked us to get a drink before.

How many pages was that one?

That one, I read that one recently and it was, you know, they're all, they're all about like 40 pages or so.

Anyway, so they all go to Dukes and the dad really welcomes them and it's very heart, well, very heartfelt.

But why would a guy move to Seattle and then change his everything about his whole life?

Because if I'm a guy who goes to a bar every single day around three o'clock in the afternoon, every day of my life, do I stop going to bars when I move to Seattle?

Just because it's different, it's a different city.

I mean, here's the thing.

Yes, if a different set of writers write that show.

Oh, okay.

I got to get a different set of writers to write my show.

You're getting my life.

Your life needs, baby.

You're writing up the alcoholic part of it.

Do your life needs new writers?

It's like, it's a little, I mean, everything going on in the world is super interesting.

And my life is very, very boring.

Because your life is like a lot about blogs.

It's just that it feels old.

It feels like it's free.

It feels like your writers, your writers don't know any contemporary stuff.

But for real, how long until we're eating bugs?

I really want to know.

I feel like it's coming.

You say we all are eating bugs.

Do you mean every human being on earth or do you just, because there are a lot of people who do eat bugs?

No, no, no, I'm saying it will be, yes, no, I know there are people and cultures that continue to eat bugs.

And that's not what I'm talking about.

I'm talking about having flour that is made of pulverized bugs.

Having, that is going to be, I think as we try and move away from.

Some of the things that we eat, I never would have thought we would have eaten when I was a kid.

Pussy.

I was like, never in my life will ever do that.

But then you develop a taste for it.

But yeah, you developed a taste for it.

No, I mean, you know, I grew up, the child of very simple descendants of farmers.

How long until we're all eating pussy?

Every morning you start off having a cup of Joe, a couple of bugs and some kind of pussy.

This is a dream life.

I don't know.

Who knows what changes will make a French dress grill up a couple of roaches and chow down on some pussy.

Still going on this.

Great.

This might be the pilot episode of talking tang.

I think we might be in talking tang.

We're just going to slowly segue.

We haven't been over the past 12 years into talking tang.

You know him, of course, from such movies as the dictator.

I can't remember any other ones.

You've already given credits.

You're going to give more credits now.

Just a reframe exactly who's talking.

Or Lucas talking as well.

You've seen him in Lucas talking where he played a baby Bruce Willis.

A lot of people don't know that you were the baby that Bruce Willis voiced in Lucas talking three.

Yeah, I played the baby at that point.

I was young enough to be the baby.

And here's a behind the scenes.

I recorded at the time all those lines.

And so, but I was they just voiced recast me with Bruce Willis.

It's not too far off to think that they would have gone with a guy who did number one in number two.

And I did both of those in my diaper every day on set.

Wow.

Okay.

There we go.

But also released the manzukas cut.

You know, release cut of Lucas talking.

Lucas talking three with manzukas his baby.

You know there is a little bit of talking three.

It's called Lucas talking as well or also.

And it's about the dog starts talking.

Right.

Yeah.

No, I know.

Number two is they introduce Rosie.

Yeah, Donald.

Yeah.

But in the one that you did, the dogs are talking as well.

The dogs are talking as well.

Yeah.

It's like, well, because they had to continually answer the question.

Lucas talking now.

Can you believe and if they keep going logically, we're going to get to a point where like in animate objects are going to have to start talking.

The bugs will start talking as we put them into our mouths.

As we pulverize them.

And as we pulver them into the meat.

Exactly.

I don't know.

I think bug flower would be fine.

I mean, all it's going to take is one time for people to actually taste it and be like, yeah, this is fine.

And then the nutritional value.

Yeah.

Exactly.

The nutritional value will, you know, and then people will just be into it.

In a way that like alternative milks have now, now it's in a drippy milk.

Wow.

These are like all the hits.

This is drippy.

Pussy people.

And now milk.

Round the corners.

Yeah.

I mean, this is already solid stuff.

Anyway, but alternative milks have like really made a dent in the marketplace in a way that, you know, 12 years ago or whatever, a number of years ago, it was like a joke.

Even four years ago, it was a little like, you know, I don't even know what I'm saying.

What do you say?

Four years ago.

What was it?

Nothing.

Four years is nothing in the blip.

Four years.

I lost track of all time at this point.

Yes.

We're living in the blip.

We're living in the marvel.

We're in the marvel.

What if this was the blip?

Like the marvel blip.

What if this was the blip?

Suddenly everyone, no one just disappeared from consciousness.

They just went to an alternate reality where some weirdo is president and can I ask you a question?

What if this is not what if this is episode 700 of comedy blip bang?

Oh, no, please don't tell me that comedy blip bang is like, I'm not going to say it.

It's like a podcast that exists in the blip.

Please tell me comedy bang bang exists in the real world.

We don't know because we're still in the wasting my entire life.

Comedy blip bang.

Welcome back to comedy blip bang.

Comedy bleep bang as well.

We're just almost every other word is bleeped.

But you know him from such move at glook.

I'm running out of credits.

What have you done?

You know him from the league of their own.

There's no crying in fantasy football.

How many times did anyone try to slip that into a scene and the creators are like, hey, could you guys cut it out?

I think never.

All right, let's just introduce him right now.

You know I'm from being on the show right now.

Please welcome Jason Medzukas thrilled thrilled to make it seven hundred of you.

I love to have you on the Hundos and would it surprise you to know that today is Easter Monday?

That does surprise me.

Yes.

I was surprised that there is a thing that is Easter Monday.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I didn't even know Easter Monday was a thing.

I thought you were just like mentioning it's the Monday after Easter.

I didn't know.

It popped up on my calendar and I think I have a setting on my calendar of like list all holidays and Easter Monday is today which makes me believe it's a post office holiday maybe just more of a federal kind of thing.

So it doesn't it doesn't connote there isn't like a religious component of Easter.

I don't know.

I mean what happened?

The day after he you know pushed that stone aside and was like I'm back baby.

Was he like chilling on Monday like okay now it's time for some Netflix and chill.

They of course I mean you know stone age Netflix or whatever.

Are you sure he said I'm back baby?

I thought he said somebody's stop me.

They're like do we need to crucify this guy again?

I mean because I think you're confusing it because I do know that when he was on the cross he did say I'll be back.

He truly did.

That was the first time he'd ever said it and it was funny and then he kind of ran it into the ground after that.

Yeah.

But how many days was it that he was outside of that cave and then until he like floated up into the sky?

Well they put him in the cave and they put a rock over it and then three days later they pushed the ring on it.

They put a ring on it.

Yeah.

And then three days later.

Yeah three days later on.

They opened it up and he was gone.

I don't know Friday.

I feel like this is Solomon Grundy.

I don't know Friday.

Rose on a Sunday.

On Monday he hung out.

Yeah.

On Monday I think he broke down.

I think it was.

I think it might have been a bro down hoe down.

It certainly may be which we you know you and I definitely have to do.

I think this may be a bro down hoe down.

I mean so far it's basically a bro down.

The only thing we haven't talked about which we always threatened to is comics and I don't know.

We can't talk about comics though.

We don't have time to do that.

No one wants to hear us talk about comics in a week or we'll save it for our episode of we talking.

C.B's to CBB pals R.E.C.B's.

Well Jason it's always great to have you especially on a holiday like this one and April is among us certainly and.

April is among us and Morch is in the rear view of course and we no longer have to worry about that.

Are you excited for the world to open back up it seems like we're on the cusp of a thing.

I am cautiously optimistic.

You know I think on one of my one of our last in person one of my last in person activities was an episode of comedy bang bang I feel like.

I believe it was that was a episode 650 I believe which we inside the ear wolf studios.

Yes which we taped mere days before lockdown and I was consumed with the fact that we were going into lockdown and we believe you we were like Jason you hypochondriac.

Yep you guys mocked me and I was like just you wait you'll see and I tapped my fingertips together and we mocked your physical appearance too more than just we were saying we were like we sort of got Lorenz alamas with you we got like a laser pointer and we're like pointing out parts of your body that we didn't.

Is that a thing?

There was a reality show where Lorenz alamas like people stripped it was I think it was hot or not baby where people stripped down to their underwear and then the judges would like have laser pointers and Lorenz alamas was one and he would point out parts of their body which were too fat or too weird shaped or something.

Oh geez okay got it got it got it got it.

Why are you on eBay right now looking for old episodes?

Okay and you said hot or not and okay great there's a there is a hot or not laser pointer I just ordered it by it now.

Anyway I can't remember what we were just talking about the world opening up what's the first thing you're going to do.

I think you know what I mean I think it's going to be as much as I was very conservative about I think we're going to go into a very long lockdown I'm still pretty conservative about how we're going to open up I still think you know they just found a new mutant variant a new they just found a new mutant sunspot and the wolf's bane and cannonball are going to check it out.

Oh wow.

Bill Cinkevich is working in the character design right now this is comic talk.

That's right you know of course we can't do this we cannot know no one wants to hear that from us.

We're not talking about the demon bear saga.

No why would we that's not what people want to listen to.

But I think the I think reentry is going to be slow I think you know even though things are now open I'm not going to go to the movies yet I'm not going to go I'm not going to go nuts it's I don't feel like it's there's still you're not going to crazy go nuts of course I'm not going to go crazy go nuts there's still lots of people who aren't vaccinated the virus is still going to circulate even if you have been vaccinated you can still get it blah blah blah blah blah.

So what I'm excited to do is sit in like the backyard once you can do that now.

I don't like to.

I don't like you don't like sitting in the backyard but you're looking forward to it.

I'm looking forward to sitting in the back.

No no I don't like to I wouldn't do it right now I mean you sitting in your bed you won't you okay with what I'm saying we didn't get in let me finish I was made yes I was making the joke that I wasn't letting you finish and I see I see I see one of your classic I'm looking forward to this being over and you understanding things that I'm saying I'm listening I'm looking forward to this being over I.E. life.

Well you know we only have a short time on this planet tomorrow is not promised a tiny spec on this comparatively you know when you when you look at I don't know clouds or whatever no clouds clouds cloud slas okay for shorter than we do right well you could be a cloud so you know you could is that an option you could be a cloud.

If you are talking about QMU as nimbers you might be a cloud oh my god.

That is you've I mean I know I say this a lot privately and publicly you need to get back to stand up I really really you need to re-engage this by the way Jason and I talk every single week on a zoom and this is us like this is running out of running out of things to say this is just it unless this is what it is every week this is what it is is just tormenting I know one wants to hear these weekly zooms we have so we're not you know especially not if we're talking about like Hellboy or invincible of course moon night or any of that but I will say Jason you were the person who when all of this first started happening and you were one of the last episodes to taped in the studio number 650 which I believe had Dalton Wilcox and August Lind and Hogg and I shouldn't say his name I retract that but you were I was sort of of the opinion of like what do you think this will be doing can you can you bleep out that name in the edit yeah we can't say Hogg of course oh yeah I can't do that so just keep bleeping it will just keep bleeping it otherwise he'll show up but you I still working on that song keep bleeping it keep bleeping it it's all about a song where there's a lot of curse words and I'm but you want to be an engineer no please please believe in it please we have I know what I'm saying is egregious so I'm gonna need you to keep bleeping we have no plans to release the unbleeped cuts yeah please keep course is keep bleeping it but you are I said what do you think this will be like six weeks two months we're back in and you were one of the only people I knew who was like oh no this is gonna be like we're in for a year at least and so you you were one of the people that made me take this seriously and sort of mentally prepare to hunker down and look at look and it's been now more than a year it's crazy more than a year and but I do think and I don't want to sound like a real downer because I do actually genuinely believe we are the worst is barring some kind of outrageous thing that we just don't see coming I do think we're on the other side of it I think the worst is behind us there is a actionable light at the end of the tunnel there would have to be something truly not rages to happen yes yep yep yep yep yep you know I fully you know I listen to the news or I turn on the news every day just expecting them to say something not rages has arrived and you know while they snack on that candy first by the way first news anchor to substitute the word nut rages for outrageous wins as far as I'm concerned what are they win though tell them what they win Scotty I'm sure let's see we've given away membership for life to see so on this show before oh that's smart see so's life not your life well Jason it's wonderful to have you at least the see so cut seriously release all the see so shows that's actually a hashtag I would love to get going Jason it's wonderful to have you on the show well thank you Scott for having me we had no no I want you to stay here we of course cannot do a true bro down hoe down because we have another guest booked and I hope that's okay with you but I don't think that you have ever met this person if I'm remembering correctly which you know who knows of that is what is occurring right now but he is a I mean I guess there's no other way to describe him other the way then the way he describes himself which is a royal watcher he's okay from Mary old England the United Kingdom he is a citizen of that country that has brexitid so recently please welcome to the show and for the first time meeting Jason manzukas please welcome to the show Byron Dennis and yes hello gentlemen hello lads how are you over there as we say I mean Byron the pond yes coming to you from London that's funny because it's an ocean but you guys call it a pond like it's a little pond thing yes precisely it's a bit it's a bit of humor you know with a you with a you oh yeah absolutely we spell the word correctly with it with an own do you and then of course they are which we both agree upon what do you think that was when people came over to America they were like I'm tired of not being able to be you know worship the way that I want to worship I'm tired of taxes and I want to drop these superfluous use in some words not all words that's correct yes I think the Americans simply didn't understand why you might have a you there the Americans are not very complex or nuanced thing they were always America what about these people they started as you I feel like they were stripped stripping it down I feel like they were like stripping it down to its essentials they were like we don't need the use we're just fine with these o's you can see that they were just very confused you know we didn't a lot of them were kicked out of England you know for being weird in one way or another you know terrible or stupid or hideous in some way I didn't know that I thought that they just had sort of an independent streak that most Americans have had passed down to them but you they were weirdos they were like UK weirdos yes yes that was the idea you know you sort of tell yourself stories that your nation was founded by this sort of the most romantically rebellious of people of Europe who have come to America because it isn't really that way it was more that the more that the Brits sort of say wait we were tired of these weirdos put them on a ship and send them and knowing that most of them will die in transit which in fact they did and that those that survived the trip will be slaughtered by the indigenous peoples and whatnot and they will be surprised by winter do you know how many of the early settlers of the Americas were surprised by winter I mean winter happened in the UK so why would why would they be so surprised good question and yet again and again they were they suddenly said well we haven't got any food have we because it's winter it won't grow they will die did they land did they land in the springtime or something and so they had like they were like this is beautiful here and then suddenly six months later I believe they got that just as fall was turning oh really enjoying all beautiful yes I'm just being New York just you know because I think a lot of people don't know the first settlers that came were the original leaf peepers they were like really we've got to go see the leaves change color it's so beautiful yes so half of them died on the trip and then about a quarter of them was slain by indigenous peoples okay so we're talking there's a rough 25% who were who were who've made it there to Plymouth Rock and precisely and they and they said to themselves well all right here it is you know October whatever November let's get to planting and and then incomes the frost which they absolutely did not why did these are stupid people like why didn't they leave earlier and start planting so that when they got there it was spring and they're like okay let's start let's start now and then they would have food everywhere because they was stupid Scott is my point Byron I'm curious yes yes just on a because Scott introduced you before as a royal watcher yes and we find ourselves right now embroiled in royal broiled indeed in a in a quite a scandal and as someone who is not dialed into that at all this is not my area of knowledge I'm curious I'm actually grateful you're here because yes I've heard it mentioned anecdotally on some on some zoos I've been on and so forth so I'm actually really grateful that you can help us understand what has happened with this the royals and the Meghan Markle and Prince Harry scandal and Byron you've been on the show before and you've let us in on the comings in the goings of the palace indeed I seem to remember wasn't it you talking about how the king was a stutterer and he had to give a big speech oh no that's a king speech I was getting you confused with a movie you're confusing me with a fine Oscar nominated film so it's not Oscar winning though were you were you upset about that about that it did not win the Oscar yeah yes in fact yes and ever since then I've not watched the Oscars movie what is your opinion Byron about the the Netflix series the crown which is itself accurate is yeah what you've seen over there no it's absolutely absurd it's a complete fiction it's ridiculous the the people on the you what what you have on that show gentleman is people depicted but not by the actual people who they're meant to be in other words I believe that they've cast actors in most of the roles most of the roles have been cast with actors yes no no it's not a document right right yes exactly it's a fictional narrative that there you are based upon true of it based upon true events as we understand them right well it's absurd it's absolutely terrible do you think we should have cast Prince Charles as Prince Charles well they should have at least made the offer and I know for a face offer only I know for a fact that Charles in particular is a bit sore about that at no time was he approached to play himself and and who better who better as the guy who lived it indeed and he can look quite young you know if they can that was the issue how do you mean how can he look quite young well he makes himself look quite young are you saying in the like how Martin Scorsese and the Irishman de aged some of his older star he made it he made everyone have young faces and yet they still have the same creaky old bodies and are moving around themselves like elderly men yes I thought that was a powerful statement on the nature of aging okay so you have seen that movie it was intentional yes but well sometimes late at night Prince Charles will get a sort of a contraption going where he tapes his excess skin behind his ears and and he'll sort of brush some hair dye into his into his hair and dye his eyebrows and he'll dance about and he looks very young and virile and how do we know this because I haven't seen this in any of the gossip rags like the sun and all that how do you know this I didn't know this was an official thing that happens with Prince Charles well I have sources and methods that are shall I say rather unconventional that's right I'm sort of remembering previous episodes what are those or or I guess do you have like informants in like the staff at the castle of course yes I also am very familiar with the system of dumb waiters and we're very often simply I'm literally in the walls a lot of the time and you said you're with the sister of dumb waiters I'm trying to figure that out but it's a system of drum waiters so so you're saying my brother is a dumb waiter he does really well for himself you know what you should meet my sister what's she do she's a dumb waiter I think that's rude she's a dumb waitress and so do you so do you use I mean it's a you're saying you're inside the walls are royal residences full of the portraits with those empty eye holes that you can kind of look through yes I do but these people are extremely intelligent and perceptive and so when you're done looking through the empty eye holes of a portrait you must replace the eyes with painted eyes or with someone like human eyes no well of course they have to be human eyes because when I'm my eyes are in there they're human eyes yes the point of it is to be consistent to a painted eyes no no no no and I people it people would notice the difference they'd say earlier that painting was looking at me with human eyes and now it's looking at me with painted eyes and you know whenever you see a piece of taxidermy or something like that it has glass eyes and the reason for that is that eyes will decompose and so I have to go I'm acquiring eyes all the time I can only imagine that if if one were to exhumed Sammy Davis Jr's grave there was everything would be gone by now other than just that glass eye at the bottom of his coffin they wouldn't that be wonderful no Byron I'm curious about something I am curious about something you just mentioned about how you are constantly collecting eyes yes I guess I just didn't really I wanted to make my Sammy Davis Jr. yes so I didn't really listen to that yeah you're yeah well you know what we we were doing both I let you have your Sammy Davis Jr. moment but I'm curious about these eyes that you are quote constantly collecting yes well you see I there are I don't even know the number scores and scores of portraits through which I will occasionally peep at the various at the Balmoral of course there portraits and it wins a castle and all the various royal residences and so I need a steady stream of have actual human eyes coming into my operation in order to stay well informed on the going on of the royal family and so I have arrangements with certain hospitals if someone has died and if they're not an organ donor how I can do people not die in a hospital it seems like every day yes we say if someone dies in not to be morbid but this year must have been gangbusters for your eye business it has been fantastic and as a matter of fact I've got now a freezer full of eyes oh freezer yes yes Byron yes it's a commercial freezer you understand yes this is commercial grade freezer like just restaurant grade that's what I mean yes a restaurant is it a walk in is it a walk in I am a walk in Fraser in my mind blown full top to bottom and I wish that I had started putting them in boxes or something like that they're just they're loose so they're just lose you just wait so you don't even have them coded by color no no I and I wish that I had begun that way so when you open the door does it just like I'm afraid he's stream of eyeballs so when you pick okay so now I have a real question by when you pick an eye yes and let's say you pick up an eye and it's a blue eye sure do you think I need to go through this freezer and find it's matching blue eye or will you just take another blue eye blue eye or will any other color do well and actually because my eyes are blue and it's my eyes peeking through the painting all of the you all the eyes are blue that's simpler yes it is simpler however there are of course different shades of blue and and I will sometimes spend hours looking for just the just the right trying to get an exact match yes so are is there ever a time when when you call up these hospitals and you say hey any blue eyed patients in there about to croak and they're like no we got this one guy he's got blue eyes but he's probably going to get better do you ever try to I don't know is there some sort of deal you can work out with them to nudge them along yes but I prefer not to do it because it's very expensive you know it's one thing to ask someone you know to pay someone to please get get me the eyes of a cadaver it's it's another proposition to say please kill this patient so I may have their eyes and it's not that it's not a big I had yes yes it's just that it is it's quite a bit more expensive so how are how are the relatives of these people who die why are they not noticing it in open casket situations are I guess are all I guess dead bodies do have their eyes closed don't they and now that now the few times I've been do funerals they always have that would be very strange if they're just looking up if they were just like placed in a place in an upright position eyes open what if they're in the burnt Reynolds cosmopolitan position with a bag over their penis yes they never do it no but you can take a cotton ball and stick it in there and then sew the eyelid shut that's it oh and that makes it that gives the bolts because you need the bolts right you'd look you'd rather have the bold yeah because I guess without the the eyeball you have it like a sunken in socket and that's very noticeable nobody wants a sunken socket no certainly not to know but anyway yes those are my sources and methods another thing I'll do sometimes is disguise myself for instance there was a photo that made the rounds of Queen Elizabeth's husband Prince Philip coming back from the hospital and looking rather old rather ill but that wasn't him it was me whoa yes indeed but make up and I've been you know loitering about the Buckingham Palace posing as a as a gravely ill elderly man so what happened to the real Prince Philip well let's just say his eyes are peeping out of a painting dead ass I beg your pardon are for real for real yes his eyes are very close and change my own oh my god that's incredible you make up artist is it like a Rick Baker situation or are you applying this yourself no I whoa I can't apply it myself no so are you currently impersonating Philip yes I'm currently impersonating all the time well yes a lot of the time yes well so I've got to be also like a pretty significant time commitment you know Eddie Murphy in the nutty professor chair that took hours are you are you doing the same kind of thing and who's applying it to you I mostly keep it on I've got a team of makeup special yes a team of makeup specialists who've been flown in from Bollywood as matter of fact I brought oh nice okay yes I didn't want them to to be you know too familiar to know too much about the what's going on with right I want to be confused because of course I think that this is some sort of interesting project to the like yes they'll be there make do they think is it possible they think they're working on the crowd it's great oh who knows what they think they speak some other strange language but yeah yes and but I the answer is that I rarely take the makeup off and I'm just there all the time I don't I don't have it on now and it will have to be reapplied tomorrow and right now the only reason I can talk to you is because they feel that they went out to a movie no no well Prince Philip has a habit of wandering off and so right now I just say everyone in palace is in a tither oh you just wandered off to your podcast soon he's on a wander yes you see he's wandered off as it's oh well thank you so much for being on the show I appreciate it and my pleasure and I am very much in demand as a as a royal watcher with a oh I can only imagine I mean Jason yeah Byron here appears on telly shows and what else like what you might call chat shows in the UK yes that's right chat shows and what not yes so you're very busy presenters it'll be me in a presenter on a chat show right instead of a weekend sure like you in a you in like an Alan Partridge might have a conversation in front of a crowd I like I like how English shows all have like very strange old timing names like the old grey whistle test oh yes it's so strange to me that's a fine show yes hmm what are some other popular shows that are up oh sometimes I'll appear on the rusted board the rusted board the rusted board which is really strange because when you think of a board it would so how could it rust exactly exactly and that's what people gets people to any way every week that's why you tune him and yet everyone in the country watches these yes yes tens of millions of people every week the sunken door knob some hunken door now yeah so how does anyone open the door yes yes exactly you've got to tune in and find out wow well I know you're very in demand but look we have to take a break if that's okay can you stick around and we want to ask you questions about what's going on with the royal family right now indeed now we know your process I have explosive news for whoa incredible and exclusive okay this is exclusive you have I have revealed this you were not on the UTF earlier in the day with this no he's he wouldn't book me oh okay you haven't been on any other podcasts talking about this I have not this is the first time but this comes out on Monday April 5th yes of course yes I may squeeze in something more in the police oh it's just exclusive well we'll see how all right well we need to take a break when we come back we will have more from Byron Dennis and as long as it's not wait wait don't tell me yes please please please don't tell me wait don't tell me I love wait wait don't tell me I really think I would get five for five in the news quiz please don't please please please don't tell me it's wait wait don't tell me all right but please please stick around we will be right back with more Byron Dennis and more Jason man Zukas will be right back with more comedy bang bang 700 after this comedy bang bang we're back here with Jason man Zukas of the Massachusetts man Zukas yes that's difficult to say even one time let alone five times and fast well give it a try I can't even start Massachusetts man Zukas is Massachusetts man Zukas is Massachusetts man can't do it can only make it to stop tough tough tough tough now you got to eat those bugs eat those bugs I mean that was a thing on fear factor just eight years ago and suddenly next year we're all going to be eating bugs well but that was like eating live bugs that's what I mean like I'm talking about when will to be clear I'm talking about when will bugs be a part of our like of our how we make yeah like you keep bugs in the refrigerator I'm not saying we're gonna open up like a box of live you know earwigs and start chomping down does make for a very different bugs life franchise oh yeah it's a it's a our short they're in days are being eaten the entire time munch munch munch nom nom nom we also have by rindenston here who is a royal watcher he's from the uk and how was that brexit for you by the way uh brexit no well I thought it was fine um you know it's uh the british exit is what I'm talking about for people who don't know what it is yes yes indeed now I you know britain is obviously superior in every way to every other nation of europe and the rest of the world and so it made perfect sense to me not to be lumped in with the rest of them you know right yeah because you guys use the pound you don't use the euro yes I think that's a euro like it was a sandwich but it's a euro oh I'm hungry too yes well that has been a real problem with the currency there's a lot of people think they can pay with euros and they can't can they it's a it's a it's a euro but well it's a kind of under the table thing I spent some time in london last year and you can pay for a lot of things with a lamb euro as long as it's lamb as long as it's lamb with some saziki on it hey now we're getting into jason's heritage here uh the mr.
