---
layout: page
title: 701. Jamie Lee, Carl Tart, Ego Nwodim, Jon Gabrus, Ben Rodgers [b84b493c-6543-4fb4-9e7f-ad080022c0f2].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Remember kids, you can't spell Anaconda Shave Grammy without macho man Randy Savage.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you to Pugfugly 8.4 for that catchphrase submission.

Pugfugly 8.4.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We have a great show for you today.

Coming up a little later, we have a lawyer.

We have a small business owner.

No, that's not even right.

But, you know, someone in that field.

We also have fellow podcasters.

We'll be on the show as well.

So this is exciting.

My name is Scott Ocherman and mid-April episode 701.

We are, of course, breaking off another hundo.

Once again, we are breaking off our eighth hundo with this week's episode.

And speaking of hundo's, last week we closed out our seventh hundo with episode 700 and nothing.

700-zero, 700 exactly.

And of course, a lot happening in the news since we dropped that episode, a lot going on which, you know, with what happened on that episode.

Everyone's been contacting us.

Of course, we have to tell you, we have to catch you up on exactly what happened since we dropped that episode.

But we don't have time for it today, unfortunately.

We'll have to do that in a future episode because today's episode is just too packed, unfortunately, too packed.

So why don't we get to it?

Coming up first on the show, we have an entertainer.

And that has become derigure.

Am I pronouncing that correctly?

Anyone speak French here?

Perhaps our guest in B-block with me.

But that has become the norm.

I don't want to say norm in case he walks in.

I have to toss him a beer.

But that has become what we do in A-block here.

We talk to entertainers and this week is no exception.

She is a marvelous comedian, author, and now the host of a new Netflix show which is out now called The Wedding Coach.

I've known her for a long time, but she's never been on the podcast.

If my records are correct, are my records correct?

Yeah, I know.

We'll ask her when she comes on.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Jamie Lee.

Hi.

Hi, how are you?

By the way, I say your name like that because you used to say your name like that in a J.

Oh, God.

Did you not?

Yep.

Yep, I remember it.

And I was like, wait, does he know that joke that I used to do?

Oh, yeah.

I saw it many, many times.

I did it so many times.

You know what's really sad?

I don't even fully remember how it went.

I just know the punchline was me saying my name like, like, play.

Look, if you can work your own name into the punchline of your jokes, that you're living the dream right there as a comedian.

I wish I could reverse engineer jokes to just have my name in them.

That's genius.

Yeah, I thought it was a bit of a crutch, I think, but we've moved a bit.

I liked it.

I like to remember it for now, a decade for some reason, but it's stuck.

The people who saw it do say that to me a lot.

So I really seeped into people's brains.

Welcome to the show.

First time, so good to have you on.

Of course, as I've mentioned, you were on the old comedy death ratio many times as a younger comedian.

I guess everyone's younger compared to now in the past.

But yeah, I can't even remember how long have you been doing comedy when we first got to know each other when you first started doing the comedy death ratio?

I think the first time I did it, I was maybe like two years into stand up.

Actually, the first time I ever did it, I was because I was working at Comedy Central.

That was my first job out of college.

And I had to come out here for one of the roasts.

I think maybe it was the roast of Pamela Anderson or something.

And yeah, and I remember like leaving a work function to like go do your show.

Like I just kind of slipped out and I was like, oh, I'm this company's worst nightmare.

I like want to be a comedian.

I didn't know you worked for Comedy Central.

What did you do?

Animate South Park.

I did.

Did all the little cutouts.

No, I was in the publicity department.

Oh, PR.

We call it.

Yes, PR.

Yes.

Thank you for co-signing that.

And now the journey, I mean, from a two year comedian ducking out of work commitments and hoping she doesn't get fired by the Viacom Corporation to now hosting your own show for the Netflix corporation in just a scant decade.

That's got to feel good.

When you when you put it like that, I'm like, wow, I really I really am working for the man.

Um, yes, it does feel good.

I feel really excited.

You're on corporate machine is what I'm trying to say.

I am a cog.

Um, but yeah, no, it feels it feels great.

I'm really excited for for people to see the show.

Well, I look, I'm not going to brag, but I have seen the show.

So let's talk about it.

I have seen three or four episodes.

I'm being cagey about it because I can't remember, but let's talk about it.

It's out now.

It's on Netflix and there are look, if my arithmetic skills are correct, I believe there are six episodes.

Is that correct?

Yep.

So I've seen the preponderance of them, no matter if I've seen three or four.

Oh, it looks like you have a dog in the back.

I have to.

You have two dogs.

There's probably like a skateboard outside or something and they're okay.

And do muzzles not exist anymore?

Do what?

Yeah, no, they don't.

Apparently they don't.

All right.

Wish they were, wish they were still trendy, but no.

So the sport, I was going to see the sports coach, but that's not correct.

That's, that's a sports coach is like a car.

Isn't that right?

Um, sure.

Yeah.

A sports coach.

Yeah, that sounds right.

Um, you're more, you're not a car.

You're a person and you're hosting a show called the wedding coach.

Yes.

I am hosting a show called the wedding coach.

Yeah.

Cause when I was getting married, I felt like it was just a really like unnecessarily stressful time.

And I felt like no one was really talking about that side of it.

Everybody was just kind of like excited about like, you know, tasting cakes and picking out a dress and decorations.

And no one was really talking about like the merging of families and how stressful that could be.

So I wanted to write a book.

I really wrote a book about this before you did a television show.

And what's the book called again?

The book is called Weddiculous.

I wrote it in 2016.

Weddiculous.

Oh, okay.

I was going to say, what does that have to do with it?

I do kind of mumble it like it's an actual word.

And then I remember like, no, Jamie, that's not a real word.

You made that up for the title.

What did you have to do with getting married?

I know.

No, no, what did.

Unless you're a, I guess a wood nymph out there in the forest, but I mean, there are a lot of forest weddings actually.

So that's true.

I mean, you probably know that better than the rest of us.

But so you wrote a book about, I guess, not a self-help book, but tips, tips and tricks.

Yeah, kind of tips and tricks.

But also I was writing the book in real time as I was planning my wedding.

So I actually was just kind of like journaling out all of like my anger and rage towards the wedding planning process.

So it's part, I guess it's part helpful part, just like honest account of what it's like to plan a wedding.

Yeah, pretty much.

And I wrote the book with Jacqueline Novak, who's awesome comedian.

Yeah, she's great.

So it was really fun having someone who wasn't going through it to like talk to, you know, talk to them about the experience and.

Right.

And is she, is she not married or is she not married?

Not married.

And so she has a boyfriend, not married.

Okay.

Well, I wasn't asking about the boyfriend.

I'm not interested if that's what you're.

Has a boyfriend back off.

Look.

I'm just, I'm merely asking because I'm wondering about her point of view on the book.

I'm not interested in dates or anything.

I was a boyfriend.

They're very in love.

They've been talking to you.

I get the hand.

I'll back off.

But so you wrote the book and then what made you say, you know what people reading this is not as satisfying as people watching me.

Well, I think that I think the biggest thing was just that I watch a lot of wedding shows or I have over the, like, whatever my, of course, of my adult lady life.

And what are these weddings?

What are the weddings?

You got respect to the dress.

Yeah.

Say yes to the dress.

But it is about respecting the dress.

Yeah.

And then I like, I like your title.

And then my two time wedding.

Is that one?

That actually might be one.

I wouldn't know.

That sounds about a bride who's two timing someone gets married.

In the middle of it.

Okay.

It sounds very salacious.

Yeah.

There's also like four weddings and a couple of other ones that are sort of these like big, like, I don't know, they've been running for like 15 seasons or something.

But they're always like, you know, wedding shows are so popular.

What about funeral shows?

There should be those.

There's one on Netflix, I think, about a funeral home.

It's kind of like a live action.

Really?

What is that one?

It's like a real, I forget the name of it, but it's like a reality show version of Six Feet Under kind of.

I mean, look, you should get involved in that because I think, you know, I mean weddings, there's only so many weddings and they all end in one of two ways.

You get divorced or you die.

So you get the half that people die in and then you're getting them coming in and going Jamie Lee.

It'll be called Deathiculous.

Wood dick death.

Fishless.

It sounds like a Harry Potter spell suddenly written by that notorious turf.

No, but yeah, no, I just felt like all of the wedding shows I was watching were very serious and there was just no one trying to like merge comedy with weddings and I was like, God, there's just so much comedy to be mined here.

So I was really excited to like make a show that not to like to my own horn, but I was like, it's kind of groundbreaking.

No one's doing it.

So I'm excited to hopefully.

Well, I've seen less than a handful of episodes or I guess it is a handful of episodes.

You seem more than half.

Have you seen four?

That's most.

So I've been thinking about it.

I think I've seen three.

I'm really glad we're getting these numbers straight for everyone listening.

This is for the statistics.

Was it three or was it four?

We need to know.

Yes, exactly.

But I saw the first one, which I have a question about that was that the actual pilot, the first one that I saw and I was the first one.

Okay, so the order that the order that they gave me in the PR, you know, behind the PR wall at Netflix, they gave me the one where you end up at the improv.

Oh, that was the first one.

Yeah, that was the first one we shot.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, I figured.

I figured because it seemed like the bride.

She had a UCB sticker on a.

Yeah, yeah, I got that.

I was like, oh, okay.

They went to a friend here.

No, actually completely the opposite.

I think that it came through sort of the traditional casting process.

But then I remember like someone who worked on my show was like, yeah, she takes UCB classes and I was like, oh, and I did notice she was like really funny and like, I was kind of just trying to be helpful.

And then she would like have a zinger back at me and I'm like, hold on.

Who's hosting who here?

Who's kind of throwing me off?

Who's zooming who, but who's hosting who?

Who's hosting who?

Yeah.

So that would be so funny if suddenly the producers came over to you after one episode and we're like, you know what?

We're not working out this thing out.

Yeah, we were like the wedding swap.

We're in the wedding swap.

Yeah, we like to guess more.

Well, that's my that's my other question.

I'll get to the other episodes I saw in a second, but I've been I've been trying to figure out the name of the show ever since I saw it about 10 days ago.

And I keep saying to myself, the wedding, something, the wedding, something.

And I'm finding it hard to remember you reminded me it was the wedding coach.

But in every episode you're wearing overalls that say bride or die, was that the title?

Yes.

And they forced you to change it.

Yeah.

I knew it.

Am I allowed to say that?

Yeah, full.

Yes, you're allowed to say it.

Yeah.

Yeah, I really wanted it to be brighter die.

Brighter die.

I can remember.

Yeah, but there is like a whole thing of like, if you say bride, it's excluding other people.

And we need something that's like a little more inclusive for everybody.

Well, your next show, though, could be bride to die, like with the number two, because you're doing funerals.

You're doing the.

Because I'm doing funerals.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, that's yeah, I'll I'll bring it back to them and see what they say if we change or to to.

Yeah.

I'll see if they'll be into it.

Well, I saw that episode and then I saw an episode with our friend Fortune Feemster, who was there.

Yeah.

And that was a really fun one.

And then I saw an episode with a Long Island comedian.

And no, I'm not talking about Alec Baldwin.

I'm not talking about William Joel, although he is funny when you go see him and he has like funny quips about being in the uptown girl video and all that kind of stuff.

But there's this Long Island comedian, one of the maybe only five famous people have come out of Long Island.

And John Gabris is the one that I'm talking about.

And he he went to a really interesting wedding with you.

Talk about that one.

That was a Nigerian wedding in Texas.

And yeah, there was they had a guest who was just a bit of a wild card.

He was always like slinging really uncomfortable pickup lines at the bride's friend.

This is by the way, this is the groom's best friend from college.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah.

Best friend from college.

And yeah, he was just like a little bit of a loose cannon.

And they were nervous that at the reception, he might do something inappropriate and that I remember when you first met him, you came up to him and said, okay, what would be one of your pickup lines if you met a woman at a bar?

And it was something to do with his semen?

Oh, yeah.

You know what?

Scott, fun fact, one of the less offensive ones that made it into the cut.

I mean, yeah, it my mouth was on the floor.

I was just like, wait, what?

Hopefully not because of that semen.

But yeah, no, I know.

I walked into that one.

I saw it coming.

I just want to let you know.

So so so you have a wild card guest and you think, you know what we should do?

We should get commuting in John Gabris and maybe they'll do the mirror.

I love Lucy mirror exercise because they don't realize they're not looking at themselves.

I was like, Gabris is perfect for this because like, I just need someone who can like, bro down with this guy and like not so he doesn't feel condescended to.

And I just felt like he was perfect.

He was perfect.

And by the way, you know, there is there is one moment where and he's ordering shots by the armful.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

He's ordering double jacks and he's he's ordering them double jacks three at a time.

Yeah.

And then Gabris says to him at a certain point says like, Hey, man, maybe you should slow down.

And that is the only part that made it into the show that I saw of John giving any kind of advice or help other than that.

They basically just get drunk together and then they hang out after the show.

We did an partying with him.

I mean, John, I feel like John, you know, that was probably like all he could do with that guy because it's just, I think it was a little tricky to navigate because he was a drinker.

So we were like trying to be cool, but also reel him in.

But yeah, he didn't make an ass of himself as far as we saw in camera.

No, there was some moments too.

Like we definitely were trying to curb his energy.

Yeah.

So I think we succeeded.

Well, it's, it's very fun.

It's, if you're into these types of wedding shows, you'll definitely like it.

And even if you are not, I don't really watch wedding shows all that much.

But my wife and I kept saying like, ah, let's watch another one.

And so we just kind of kept cycling through and then we stopped at three.

But I mean, you know, it's fine.

We had to go to bed.

We made it through three.

Yeah.

Blame it on bed.

But it's very funny.

The wedding coach, AKA Brighter, die, AKA bride to die is out there right now on Netflix.

And Jamie, you can stick around for the rest of the show.

Is that correct?

Yes.

Fantastic.

Well, we have some other guests to get to.

And we have a lawyer coming up.

Do you have you ever needed the services of a lawyer ever?

I'm sure they looked at your contracts for this Netflix show.

They did.

Yeah.

My uncle's a lawyer.

I'm a big lawyer fan.

Well, big lawyer fan.

That is good to know because we have one of the best here.

He has been on the show before he is definitely has passed the bar.

If he calls himself a lawyer, although I don't know whether he has, I've never asked him this question.

That might be our first question.

Please welcome back to the show, Italiano Jones.

Scott, what is it?

Scott, your email was so urgent.

Your email was so urgent.

Scott, are you okay?

Have you been injured?

How much money will you pay me to fix it?

I flew all the way here from Italy to be with you, Scott, in case you are hurt.

Are you injured?

Are you hurt?

Have you been injured?

Have you been injured in a boat plane crash?

I will fight for you.

I don't think I've ever been on a boat plane, little old crash and one.

So no, I mean, I mean, I mean, I never been on a boat plane.

It was the exact type of plane that Theodore Roosevelt would ride when he would travel by sea.

Have you ever been injured in one?

Scott, what is the problem?

Your email was so urgent.

I don't think it was, I think I was just asking you if you wanted to be on the show, but welcome to the show.

It's great to see you.

Oh my gosh.

I would love to be on the show.

It's already started.

Thank you for flying to Los Angeles just to be on a Zoom with me, by the way.

Yes.

I am staying at the Hilton Grand Los Angeles.

Oh, no, I'm not paying for that, have I?

Yes, you are.

It is coming straight from Bang Bang.

Are these billable hours?

These are billable hours.

Everything you're saying, I will fight for you.

I'm fighting for you currently.

Okay, look, I can't have you on much longer than one of these hours that the show is because I just can't afford this.

So if we creep up onto an hour, you're going to promise me you'll leave, please.

Scott, I will be out of here as fast as you can say.

You have been injured in an accident in a playing ball accident.

I could say that.

That's a crash.

Have you been injured in an accident?

I mean, that's relatively fast.

Yeah, not fast enough.

I'm still here.

Okay.

That's okay.

If I ever say that again, that is your cue to leave.

Okay.

Scott, I have a question for you.

How long do you need me?

Because I have to go back to Italy.

They have built a new pool and they have all jumped into the pool and jumped on each other.

And they all broke their necks and arms in Italy.

Can you say they all have?

Do you mean all people living in Italy?

All Italy's.

All Italy's have jumped into this pool.

All Italy's have jumped into this one.

Italy and pool.

And they are all drowning.

Okay.

Well, no, you need to get back then.

So please, before the hour is up, I'll say.

That's a certain phrase and then that will be your release.

You will say, have you have I have not been injured in a car truck or a bus plane accident?

I have.

Okay.

I'll try.

I'll definitely try to remember that.

By the way, this is Jamie Lee.

I don't know if you're a fan of comedy.

How are you doing?

Jamie Lee.

How are you doing?

I'm doing well.

How are you?

Jamie Lee.

I heard I was I was listening to the beginning half and I heard that a Nigerian man drank too much and I will fight him for you.

By the way, this man was not Nigerian.

He was not yet.

We want to make sure to say that he the problem guest was he was a problem because he was white.

Oh, oh, he was white.

Yes.

He was white at a Nigerian wedding.

How convenient.

I don't know why that's convenient.

Because you need you need at least one white man at a Nigerian wedding to bring the issues for comparing contrast.

For compare a good dress.

So everybody knows where they are going.

Well, italiano Jones you by the way, Jamie italiano is a he mainly seems to specialize in in car accidents, motorcycle motor.

A motor.

A big part of your business is motorcycle accidents.

Yes.

Is the biggest part.

Motorcycles are death traps.

What what what I mean, you know, the fact that you're exposed to the elements and you don't have protective shielding around you.

Yes.

That you are riding a motorcycle and it starts to rain and so you pull over to the side of the road, but somebody drives by and shoots you in the stomach with a gun.

I will fight for you.

Okay.

So has that ever happened to you, Jamie?

Hmm.

No, but last year I fell on roller blades with that count.

You were wearing them and you fell down or you fell on to roller blades.

No, I was wearing them and then I fell down.

So that won't work.

So you're the roller blade company for not providing like correct.

Yeah, the other way.

The other way would work.

Let's say you would work.

Let's say you were walking down the street and you fell on to a pair of roller blades.

And the man that was trying to help you up with the same white man from the Nigerian wedding and he told you a dirty joke, I will fight for you.

And have you had any interesting cases recently?

I mean, you're out there in Italy and, you know, the country has been shut down a couple of times.

Recently, I had to sue somebody, Scott.

No.

Do you remember yourself?

Me, myself and Irene.

Somebody was trying to somebody was trying to take my crown as the tallest man in Italy.

Oh, that's right.

That's a little detail.

I forgot about you.

How tall are you?

Six foot five.

That's it.

Which is not incredibly tall, but I guess in Italy that's the tallest man in Italy.

Me, Italiano Jones.

It's a family name.

Right.

Who's family?

Yours or someone else's?

The Italianos.

Oh, okay.

Right.

Scott, how have you been?

No, you've asked me that.

I've been injured.

Oh, I mean, my knee is still a little, a little fucked up.

It hurts a little bit, but that's my own fault.

It's not anyone else's.

How did you fuck up your knee?

Just life.

Your knee, life fucked your knee up.

I will fight for you.

Where are you going to fight, God?

Did you know that the Vatican isn't Italy?

Yeah, it's pretty famously in Italy.

It's in Vatican City.

I just found that out.

Hey, you just found out.

How long have you lived there?

My whole life.

You never took that one left turn that got you there, right?

What do they call it there?

Where are the poplives?

The Vatican.

Oh, that's right.

The Vatican.

Well, this is incredible.

You, Italiano, you can stick around, right?

Because we have to go to a break.

Yes, I would be here, but I have to get back to Italy very shortly.

But I know, but I haven't said the phrase yet.

You haven't said the phrase yet.

That is correct.

So I am forever locked in here.

Okay.

Well, I want Jamie and Italiano.

I want you here for our next guest because our next guest is a little bit of a handful.

Okay.

And I'm trouble navigating their issues on this show.

So you promised to stick around and on the other side of this break, we're going to be talking to the, it's not even really a small business owner, but we've been having a lot of small business owners on the show this year.

When we come back, we will have that small business owner also coming up a little later.

We'll have two fellow podcasters.

This is a packed show, everyone.

We'll be right back with more Jamie Lee, more Italiano Jones.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here.

Jamie Lee, the wedding coach out now on Netflix, six episodes of hilarious wedding bloopers.

That's what the show is, right?

Just bloopers.

Bloopers.

Yeah.

Bloopers and practical jokes.

Funniest home weddings.

We also have Italiano Jones, who's promised to fight for us.

Hello Scott.

Hello listeners.

I will fight for you.

Absolute Perry.

Did you say absolute Perry?

That's what I said.

Wait, or did you say ask for Luke Perry?

I heard absolute like absolute Perry.

Okay, we'll never get to the bottom of this, but let's get to the bottom of our next guest.

They are not a small business owner, but I guess an inventor is more of a way to describe them.

I've been on the show many, many times.

Please welcome back to the show, Entre B. Newer.

Hi, welcome to me.

Hi.

Welcome.

Welcome to me as well.

Welcome.

Starting first in May.

I don't know.

I don't know, Scott, because I heard what you said before the break.

I don't know where you are.

I thought that we had muted our tombs.

Yeah, no, you didn't muted and I heard everything you said.

I don't know what you said.

Yeah, I heard what you said.

Well, Entre, you have to admit we've had sort of a contentious relationship, even though that we've sort of traveled the country together.

We have.

So I don't contend with you, though.

I don't see it that way.

I'm here.

This is a business opportunity.

Right.

How do you view our relationship merely transactional?

I would say it's transactional.

There is no emotion towards you.

None positive, I'll say.

Okay, because I don't think that I'm giving you anything in this transaction other than a platform, a platform, a platform to try to make ends meet for myself.

So platforms are rectangular.

They are.

What are you trying?

Is that leading Scott?

Oh, no.

You can't lead.

Jamie, and to Tallyano, I don't know if you've ever met Entre P newer, but Entre basically comes on in pitches, new ideas for inventions, that's safe to say.

And the majority of them, 99% of them are rectangular.

Is that Scott?

Scott, now you're talking about me like I'm not right here.

Hi, Jamie.

Hello, it's Tallyano.

Hello.

Pleasures and greetings to everybody involved.

Okay.

So Scott, I do have some ideas I'd like to get off my chest today.

And I would love to get these off my chest because I don't have time to dibble and dab with you and on your comedies right now.

Okay.

Sure.

No, I apologize for taking so in the future when you're on the show, would you like me?

I don't know if I'm coming back, Scott.

The way this has been going so far.

I don't know that I'll be back.

Well, you can't fire me because I quit.

Okay.

Well, so is this my show now?

This is my show now.

That backfired on me.

Yeah, exactly.

I am the host.

Oh, you want to be the host?

I want I would like to be the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

All right.

Take over for me, Tallyano.

Tallyano.

Okay.

So the first thing I have to do is say a catchphrase.

So when after the after the theme song goes off, oh no.

And then I have to say, strap me up to the top of a van and make it loud is Comedy Bang Bang.

Okay.

You're doing great.

I don't hear it.

So I think no, unfortunately, Tallyano, I would like to have a positive relationship with you.

And that was with all due respect bad.

That wasn't good.

That was not.

People say all due respect and then they say the rudest thing possible mere seconds afterwards.

Well, I don't want to cut you off, Scott, but it's Tallyano.

Tallyano, I got a question for you before I get into my inventions.

Now, baby, are you any relation to my my good.

Tallyano.

Good boy.

By the way, it's Tallyano.

It doesn't mean go ahead.

Am I released to who?

Michael Tyson.

Michael Tyson?

Yes.

The famous of Tyson chicken farms.

Yes.

And then that's for other things probably that's pretty low on the list and boxing as well.

Any relation, baby?

Yes.

That is a long lost American cousin.

Okay.

You sound American love.

Okay.

Ciao.

Ciao American.

Okay.

Okay, baby.

All right.

I need to get to my I need to get to my inventions that do have an event to go to the future.

Okay.

In the future if you ever are on the show, would you like me to say your name and then immediately say in the future, I'd like for you to respect my domain.

I work in the invention business.

Did you have you acquired the domains necessary for all of your inventions?

Do you have entrepeneuer.com?

Entrepeneuer.com is my website.

I also have.organ.gov.

Should anyone try to get it from up under me?

Yes.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

Good.

So Scott, first things first.

I'm tired of taking.

I'm tired of, how do you say shit?

Well, you're the one trying to say it.

So go ahead and just however you want to say it just good, you know, go ahead and you're out with it on track.

Okay.

Well, okay.

Okay.

Scott, please let me talk on my platform.

Please.

You said you're giving me a platform and you seem to keep taking away.

I give you a platform, but the platform has conditions.

One of those conditions is when you start a sentence, you know how to finish it.

Well, Scott, you have to give me the opportunity to finish it.

Love.

I mean, all the zithering and going back and forth, how do I say?

I mean, you know, you can't make your second sentence one that you have no idea what you're about to say.

No, Scott, I don't want to cut you off, but I don't want to cut.

I don't want to.

Well, Scott, I don't want to tell you to shut the hell up, but you better not, entre.

What are you going to have a problem?

We're going to have a problem, entrepeneuer.

Are we going to have a problem?

Well, that's, I'm in the business of problem solving, baby.

That's perfect.

What's our problem?

Our problem is you are going to tell me to shut the hell up.

So what's the solution?

Scott, shut the hell up.

What are you going to do?

I don't know.

Okay.

Exactly.

So, so this invention, this one's going to be huge.

I am absolutely tired of shit and impion just anywhere.

By the way, you've already tried to invent the toilet on a previous episode.

Oh, and you know what a toilet is.

Oh, damn it.

No, no, I just, I'm looking at my notes here.

I'm looking at my notes here, baby.

No, no, no, baby.

I'm looking at my notes here, baby.

Here's another problem, entre.

Now you're just repeating yourself.

It's bad enough every time you come on the show, you do the exact same thing every single time.

Now you're repeating previous episodes?

No, no, Scott.

Scott, Scott, Scott, it is Black History Month.

Please don't come back.

It's not Black History Month anymore.

We are one past Black History Month.

It still is.

It's still, it's probably not.

It is Black History Month.

It's Black History Month.

It's Black History Month until we get our taxes.

Thank you.

Thank you, Taliano.

Okay, well damn.

Well damn.

I have something else.

I got something else for you.

Please have something else for you.

Since you want to tell me I haven't.

Maybe we can reverse engineer this.

Jamie, have you ever had a problem that you wish there were a solution for?

You wish there was some sort of invention?

Now, Jamie, maybe keep it basic now for me, okay?

Yeah, Montreal is a basic bitch.

Scott, it is Black History Month after I've been doing this.

Scott.

It's not Women's History Month anymore.

I can say bitch.

It's Black History Month, Scott.

It's Italian Black Women's History Month.

No, I'm not Italian.

I'm not Italian.

Okay, so go ahead.

Jamie, please, what's your problem?

Okay, I'm tired of spending money on makeup because I feel like there's so much.

So many different products.

Perfect.

Got you covered.

Got you covered love.

Okay.

Tired of spending money.

Bitcoin.

Have you heard of Bitcoin?

You stopped listening after the money?

Yeah, it's tired of spending money.

Bitcoin.

Love.

It's amazing.

You don't have to hold it.

You don't have to physically hand it to nobody.

Jamie, are you into crypto?

Is it like Apple?

Okay.

Sure, sure.

Yeah.

What about NFTs?

Where do you land on NFTs?

Non-fungible tokens.

Doesn't the band Kings of Leon have an album that is a wonderful one?

That's an NFT.

Yeah, I mean anything could be an NFT.

They're turning tweets into them.

They're turning stage diving at one particular concert.

Isn't NFT now?

Mm-hmm.

And anyone can be a BA basic ass bitch.

Okay, if we do an actress.

You're taking my jokes.

Is that what we do in Scott?

Because this is my show now, baby.

I'm sorry.

You are an inventor and you just saying Bitcoin isn't an invention.

And Jamie actually, she kept going and she said she's tired of buying makeup and that's truly her issue.

Okay, well, if that's your issue, the invention isn't don't wear it.

That's what I'm saying.

Don't wear makeup.

You don't have to wear it.

But let me just...

Because the one...

No, let me just.

Let me just.

I'd like to just.

I'd actually like to just...

Okay.

I'd like to just do it first and then I'll just us.

So, here's the deal.

Everybody is born.

Just stay safe.

Everybody, stop being nasty at Deli.

Okay.

He said just stay safe.

As you said, everyone is born.

Everyone is born.

Okay.

Every human is born with a rectangle on their neck.

Right?

Am I wrong?

Tell them from my end.

Are you talking about the actual neck as a rectangle or are you talking about the Adam's apple or...?

Well, no.

A rectangle on your neck, Scott.

Stop trying to erase...

You're trying to erase women, by the way, talking about everyone's born with an Adam's apple.

No.

That is...

I'm merely trying to figure out what you're saying.

Are you talking about a birthmark or...?

A rectangle on your neck.

What could it be?

What is on your neck?

I think...

I don't...

Jamie?

What?

Can you take the reds?

Alliano?

In Italy, we call it Adam's apple and the ronkha.

That's Spanish.

That's an...

And that's an orange.

I know.

Ciao.

Listen.

What are you talking about?

Why is this so hard?

See, I shouldn't be pitching to...

I shouldn't be pitching to fools.

Okay.

I think you're just talking about the neck.

Is that right?

I have an interview with Oprah after this.

I have an interview with Oprah after this, Scott.

Oprah is interviewing you or you're interviewing Oprah.

I'm interviewing Oprah.

Okay.

Well, that wasn't.

Wouldn't you like to know love?

Okay.

So, everybody...

Everybody here has a neck, yes?

Sure.

Everybody, we protect it.

We respect it.

Yes.

Okay.

Protect your neck, love.

Okay.

On top of your neck...

Mm-hmm.

What?

He's just talking about heads.

If that's what you call it, awesome.

You can't invent heads.

Who says I can't?

It took you all about 10 minutes to figure out what I was talking about.

Now you want to tell me...

So, you want to come up with an easier head for everyone to remember?

No, I don't know, but I do want people to be okay with the rectangles that are on their necks.

So, you don't need to buy makeup.

Makeup is a waste of money.

You see where I'm going, Scott, because as much as you try to downplay my intelligence, Scott, I am very intelligent.

I got into Harvard three times.

You're very intelligent.

Yes, you're right.

I'm very intelligent and smart.

I'm very expensive.

You're a fancy.

It's a fancy.

Okay.

We call coffee intelligencia.

I don't think so.

I don't know that you've ever been to Italy love.

Oh, me?

I got to go in nine minutes.

I got to go there.

Now, tell me what kind of person is named after the country they're born in.

It's a family name.

But, yes, he tells me to relax.

What's your first name is the family name?

Yes, it's Italy.

Oh, do they reverse them in Italy?

Yes.

Actually, the last name.

Have you ever seen a Chinese basketball player named NBA?

You know, your name's name is actually Ming Yao.

Look, we only have, it looks like four more minutes in the one billable hour that I can pay for italiano Jones here.

So let's do a quick pitch to italiano.

Italiano, do you have any kind of problem that Antry can help you with?

Yes.

And vice versa?

Yes, I have a big problem.

I have a big problem.

I wonder if you can help me.

Every time I fly to Italy, the plane never lands on the water correctly.

Is there a way that you can fix that?

So itself, yes.

I look forward to your correspondence.

Well, the correspondence is right here, baby.

Pay attention.

So if you're landing on the water, it seems you should take something else with you to get you to Italy.

Perhaps, Scott, please, I see you fixing your lips to cut me off.

Please.

I'm opening them.

I'm pursing them.

Please, please, let me finish life.

Finish life.

So a big old wooded.

You can't ask me to let you finish and then stumble around this much.

Well, because you keep cutting me off and throwing me off.

Okay, you keep cutting me off and it is international women's month.

You keep cutting me off.

It's Italy and women's month too.

Okay, it's Italy and women's.

Say what you want to say and say it.

Speak from the heart and speak quickly because we only have like three minutes left in this billable hour.

This man is bossy.

Okay, I'm not coming back to this damn show.

So listen, so Italiano, there's a big rectangle made of wood.

You could take it will float upon the water.

It could take you.

And so the plane don't land correctly on the water.

I don't think I don't think it's meant for water.

That's just a hunch I have.

But there is wood you can put together in shape of a rectangle or you know, an open rectangle if you will and it can get you to Italy on the water and it will manage on the water.

That sounds amazing.

You are a damn genius.

If I book you to come speak at the college that I'm a professor at Italy State, will you come speak for my class at Italy State?

I teach law and law services.

Do you want to invest in my invention?

That's really the bottom line here.

I don't do speaking engagements.

I don't even come here to do speaking engagements.

I am trying to get investors.

Oh, that's the shame.

So you don't want the invention?

I'll tell you in two minutes.

You're going to say that's the last thing before you leave.

Listen, maybe I know you need to go.

You want to let her down easy?

I want to know.

I'll let you know.

I'll let you know what I know you have to go, but I'd like to pitch you one other thing that could help our communication.

Perhaps you don't feel you have to make a decision immediately.

Please.

Here's the deal.

Make a plastic rectangle.

You put buttons upon the rectangle.

I'm listening.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, zero.

Okay.

I'm listening.

You connect that rectangle to a wall because there are phone lines.

I do know phones exist, Scott.

So shut the hell up.

All right, all right.

Okay.

So you can connect that.

Scott, fuck right off.

Are you allowed to cuss on this show?

I don't think you're allowed to cuss because you're a very religious person as you stress somebody.

I actually backslid, Scott.

Oh, no.

Wait.

Have you been dipping into Satanism?

Well, that's a really fun.

That's extreme.

There's something in between, Scott, which is a little...

You threw an ear of his colt is in between.

Yes, exactly.

So I've just been sinning a lot or...

I've been sinning like crazy.

Which ones?

So you won't get into that all of them.

Fornicate and gluttonizing, lion, still in cheating, destroying all of them.

Murder.

Like whoa.

Yeah.

Hey, y'all.

Okay.

Bonjourno.

No, Italiano, please.

The rectangle, the buttons on it.

It will send, you can send me communication on paper via the rectangle.

Okay.

And it will arrive to me on my side if I have a rectangle.

Okay.

Is that your response?

Okay.

He's going to let you know, he's going to let you know his response in just a second after I say a certain phrase.

Bonjourno.

And that phrase is, I help.

I've been hurt in a motorcycle, accident, a car accident, or a boat plane accident.

I need your help.

Oh my gosh.

I will fight for you, Scott.

Ciao.

Tell her your answer.

I'm going to invest.

As we say in Italy.

Ciao.

Oh, no.

Oh, look.

He's gone.

Okay.

Well, I'm right.

He's gone.

I'm so sorry, Entree.

I know you were accounting on it.

You set me up.

This was a setup, Scott.

You had to try to help you the whole time.

This was exhausting.

This whole, this whole.

It truly was exhausting.

Today was exhausting.

I'm exhausted.

You're exhausted.

You're your baddest, your rude, perfectly blended.

You're not smart.

I'm what?

I don't say this all my guests, but you have been a pill ever since you come on the show years ago.

Scott, how do you think I feel I'm sitting up here and I listen to you describe me as difficult to describe?

You're calling me a small business owner.

Nothing is small about my business, first of all.

I'm making things that change people's lives.

You're not even an entrepreneur like your name.

You're an inventor.

You came on as an entrepreneur named Entree Penure and then you just segued into inventing things.

Well, you're hoping to know.

You didn't make any sense.

Scott, go to hell.

What makes an entrepreneur?

Someone who has an idea, invests in it, starts at their own business and is successful.

So then I am an entrepreneur love.

I'm successful.

You keep having me back.

You can't get enough of me.

That's true.

Okay.

Yeah, maybe I do like you.

And I don't want it, Jamie.

I don't like to do this in front of you.

You see, stop.

No, it's okay.

Look, if you are on the wedding coach right now and we're not getting married on trade, but- I would never marry you.

Say this was a situation that you were in and you have the cameras.

What would your advice to us be?

I would, you know, I've got to be honest.

I feel like you guys shouldn't get married.

I think that's probably that that would be an episode where we would- Have you, are there ever any episodes where you said, by the way, you shouldn't get married and then you just shut the cameras down and you walk away?

Not shut the cameras down, but definitely, yeah, discouraged.

Okay, so we should not get married on trade.

Yeah, and you fall into that.

Well, but Scott, I care for you, but I care for you.

I'm going to go further than that.

I love you.

Okay, well, I love you when we built something here.

You just go and give up on it.

I'm sorry, but it just- Just because we can't seem to work.

Just because we had a bubble.

Every time we're off, Mike, we have such a wonderful relationship and we talk for hours and then you get on, Mike.

And you just start needling me.

What's- Well, Scott, it's because the way it's- It's very triggering for me because of how my mother talks to me and all, you know, so I apologize.

Well, yeah, and I apologize.

Let's do this.

Jamie, will you officiate?

Please marry us right now.

Yeah, I'm tired of waiting.

Well, I really don't support your union, but if you'll pay me back, the money for- What are you, the Catholic Church?

What are you?

What are you, the Catholic Church?

You don't talk about our union.

Oh, wow.

I read the new Scott.

I read the news.

I know you think I'm- I'm a little from a month ago.

From a Italian.

I know.

I thought- I know you think I'm stupid, Scott, but I do read the news.

On, Mike, I think you're stupid.

Off, Mike, you know I'm your biggest fan.

You're a big cheerleader.

I don't, don't I know it.

Jamie, please marry me.

Please marry us.

Please marry me to him.

Marry me to her as well.

Okay, guys.

I don't, I don't think it's a great idea, but I will do it.

All right.

Hit us.

Oh, five, six, seven, eight.

All right, there we go.

One, singularity, some sage- Yeah, it's a, it's a tap dance.

Do you, okay.

Do you, on tray, take this, Scott.

Ask him first.

Jamie, ask him first.

Please, for my company.

What is this power move?

Ask me first.

But it's International Women's Month, so I thought I'd go to you first.

And Black History Month.

Okay.

History Month, yeah.

Okay, that's fine.

Go first.

All right, I'll go first.

I'm fine.

Ask me first.

No, no, I want to go first now.

Well, okay, fine.

Pick one, on tray.

I'll go second.

Okay.

Okay, great.

All right, go ahead.

Ask me first.

International Women.

Okay, do you, Scott, take the entree to be your lawfully wedded wife?

I've decided I want to write my own vows.

Okay, yeah.

Entree.

Scott, do you want to go first with your vows?

I do want to go first.

Entree, from the moment that I first laid eyes on you, I knew that there was something special.

I knew there was something different.

I knew that there was a brain inside that head that didn't quite work the way the other brains work.

Mm-hmm.

And I knew that I just had to have that brain in my life.

That's right.

Well, that could be this.

Until the end of time.

That's okay.

And being as you can't open up your skull and just give me the brain, I'll take the whole damn woman.

Will you be my wife?

No, I have a couple of questions.

Can you, can I respond to the vows with questions?

Yeah, absolutely.

Yeah, no, that's, yeah.

That's the whole point.

I would like to respond to the vows with questions.

Yeah.

I need to know, Scott, if given the opportunity to crush my skull open and snatch my brain out, would you choose that over marrying me?

Maybe.

But how, you know, who knows if that will ever happen?

It's got a little army hammer, you guys.

Jamie, this is the one.

Allegedly.

This is the one.

Yes, alleged.

We have to say allegedly.

Allegedly.

We don't want him to get sued.

Last he needed to call it Taliano.

So, okay, Scott, ever since I met you, you have really ruffled my feathers.

You have done everything in your power to piss me right off.

And it's worked.

It has been contentious from day one.

At no point have I ever felt actually connected to you, attracted to you, or interested in you.

But because I'm a person who does not say no to an opportunity to make money, yes, I will do this.

Fantastic.

Go before you say we're man and wife, I just have this prenup that I need you to sign.

It's rectangular, so you'll be really into it.

Well, I don't have something to sign it with.

Oh, I have this other rectangle, a pen.

It's more of a conical.

This is a very skinny rectangle.

This is a skinny rectangle.

Yeah, you can call it a stick.

I would just call this a stick.

Okay, I'm not, I'm not going to sign anything because I'm.

Weddings off.

Weddings off, Jamie.

Weddings off.

Scott, please listen, I don't have my lawyer here.

Italian left.

He left, he left and I don't feel comfortable signing without my.

Okay, weddings off.

Okay, this has been a horrible experience top to bottom from the minute I came onto this body.

I don't love you anymore.

Okay, stop trying to make this happen.

As stupid as you think I am, I was, I was acting the whole time.

Love.

I thought you were stupid.

I think you are stupid.

Wow, wow, on International Women's Month.

Wow.

Nope, sorry.

Look, we have to take a break, but can you stick around, Andre?

I'd love to have you come back after the break.

It would be my pleasure, Scott.

Okay, wonderful.

I will be right back with more.

We'll have some fellow podcasters and when we come back, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here.

Jamie Lee of the wedding coach.

She was unsuccessful in coaching us into our wedding, but that doesn't mean the show is unsuccessful on Netflix because all of those end with a wedding as far as I know, at least the 50% of the episodes that I saw end in a wedding.

And it would be interesting if you did an episode that started with a wedding, you know, and then it was like in media res and then it went backwards and said, oh, what, led up to this.

I love that breaking format.

All right.

We have some that don't end the way you would expect.

Oh, so the three that I've seen, the three that I've seen end in weddings, but who knows about the others.

We also speaking of weddings, we also have Entre P. Newer who was my betrothed.

And I think we're going to be like star crossed lovers like the immortal Bard once wrote about Romeo and Juliet.

Scott, you're literally, no, we're not.

Scott, you're a two-timer.

I have taken a rectangle with a battery inside and I started texting a cool up and she seems to know you very well.

Hey, baby, don't worry about her.

You think I'm stupid?

I'm recording this.

I'm recording this whole thing.

Wait, you're recording this?

I'm recording this whole thing and I'm putting it on the internet on a Monday.

Oh, no, a competing podcast.

Well, you know what, speaking of competing podcasts, we have a couple of podcast hosts who host a competing podcast with us.

And I know you don't know what a podcast is, Entre, but we'll explain that when they come on.

They are the hosts of the sports dude.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Jeff and Jeff.

Hey, Scott.

Thanks so much for having us on.

Thank you, Scott.

Thank you very much.

I heard this has a good reach.

I'd really love to ask these two gentlemen a question off the rip.

Yeah, like in the middle of them saying, thanks for having us.

Yeah, I do know exactly who we are.

So whatever you ask is perfect for us.

You know, no, no, no.

Now do you have colds?

That's the question.

You're sick.

So you know what a cold.

You sound can.

By the way, if you want to mention the cure, the common cold, that would be something.

Just I mean, my voice is a little worn out for doing so much podcast.

Yeah, we're just recording ads, banking episodes, getting interviews in.

So it's not a call.

God, I wish I had a cold.

I haven't had a cold in a decade.

Oh, wait.

Why do you wish you'd have a cold then?

Because I have a fever.

Oh, okay.

You wanted to break and become a cold would be easier to manage.

Right.

We would want to use Jeff, by the way, and which one of you is Jeff?

I'm Jeff.

I'm Jeff with a J.

I'm Jeff with the G G E O F F as in go off.

Oh, no, as in G off.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, I thrown out of high school for G.

Mike for G and off for G and off in class.

My cousin Jeff is the podcast guy, but he has me on as kind of a flavor.

I was doing the podcast.

We're talking sports that I occasionally call up my cousin Jeff, but I have him on.

It's just sort of grown from there.

And you know, now's it.

I know it's a little early, but I'd love to plug the podcast right now.

Oh, yeah.

That's okay.

Well, I mean, yeah, it's the sports dude that you're the sports dude, Jeff.

That's a sports dude.

Jeff is the sports dude and I, Jeff, am his cousin Jeff.

Oh, okay.

And you're not on the show regularly.

You just get receive calls from Jeff here every once in a while, G off?

Not regularly, but he does call me every episode and I'm on them.

I call him every episode.

He's not every single one.

But yeah, semi regularly he's out there.

I guess if I say I'm regular, I changes the contract, the host.

Oh, I see.

Yeah.

What is the purpose of these calls?

Why do you call Jeff over here, Jeff?

We just want to get his opinion on sports and his hot takes.

He's usually got a really out of the box take for a lot of sports.

Yes.

Scott, you a sports guy?

I know.

Scott, let me throw what I.

Yeah.

I've been known to watch that orange ball bounce up and down.

Okay.

Well, that's smart.

Okay.

Well, if you were an NBA owner, what team do you think should draft Robert De Niro?

Now imagine De Niro, is he like the hakeemalajuan of basketball or acting?

You choose Scotty.

We're talking about Robert De Niro, the actor, the Robert De Niro, the actor.

If you're a NBA, Robert De Niro as himself, Robert Star of Taxi Driver, War with Grandpa, if he was to drive the NBA.

Grandpa as well, to grandpa movies.

What team do you think could he use?

You guys seem to know more about movies than sports so far.

No, we are.

That is the sports guy and I'm his cousin.

The sport.

Oh, okay.

Well, I guess, you know, look, if you have to draft an actor into the NBA, Robert De Niro might not be the worst choice.

He gets so into roles, he probably would learn how to be a pretty good player.

So but you're asking which team should be?

Yeah, because I think the nuggets could use him right now.

The nuggets are like the X-Men of the NBA.

So he would be perfect fit there.

Kind of gold team.

In what way?

Well, they're made up of a group of different people who are all sort of an allegory for homosexuality or racism.

Yeah, they all kind of come together.

The coach really does have a professor X vibe.

What do you say?

In what, just when he's sitting down, meaning that he's- At his hairstyle, his hairstyle.

So he's bald and he sits down occasionally.

He sits down sometimes at Professor X.

That's correct.

If we're talking Denver nuggets or the X-Men, it's got to be the Sacramento Kings are the X Factor.

We're talking Shatterstar, all the gangs there.

The Kidman, but Tumbo is a real X-Men name.

Yeah, you guys know a lot about comic books, it seems.

Look, we're just guys who know all the things.

We're talking sports.

We're talking sports here.

So what's your sport of choice there, Andre?

Yeah, oh, Andre.

Or Jamie, whoever.

Anyway, just shout out to sport.

That's what we're talking about.

Well, my sport is a little complicated.

Bad surprises, no one in the country.

Well, Gioff.

Gioff.

Go off, Queen.

Gioff.

Go off, Queen.

Gioff.

So my sport is- So are you familiar with circles?

We're big circle guys.

We love circles.

If we're talking- Have you ever shifted a circle?

It's all circular because when they ends, it's really just the beginning.

Mm-hmm.

That's deep.

That's- Like a wedding ring.

Shout out to Milly.

We have Gioff did a circle, which definitely- No, but did you, Gioff.

You, Gioff.

You, Gioff, as opposed to Gioff.

Gioff.

I, Gioff.

Yeah, I'm Gioff with the J.

Mm-hmm.

I, Gioff with the J. It was in a circle, which brings us to one of our sponsors.

One of our sponsors, Splidge Builder, it's- What?

It's a pineapple flavored serum that increases the amount of ejaculate that one can carry through their van defen- The amount is enough to taste?

It has no effect on the taste of the worgenized- We have not checked the taste.

Cool.

We have not checked the taste yet.

We do.

I mean, we're just really- I don't know that the amount is ever something that is really- People want more of.

At least- Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Speak for yourself.

It's more of like a quality over quantity.

Yeah.

Okay.

I got it.

J. Lee, looking for quality cum.

Got it.

Right.

That one down.

She loves the quality, but if you're out there looking for quality, Splidge Builder.

It's got you covered- Brother of Coach Sports.

So we're talking sports.

Who do you think should be the green ranger?

And the power ranger?

Powering out.

It's got to be Dennis Rodman.

It's got to be.

I was going to say Tom Brady.

Okay.

This is where we disagree.

Different guys, different sports.

Okay.

I mean, it's not even sports really.

Love could be the green ranger.

This is what the listeners love to hear us argue about stuff like this.

He says it's Tom Brady would be the ultimate green ranger.

I'm saying it's for sure Dennis Rodman, anybody else.

It's nuts.

The green rangers name was Tommy.

So having a athlete named Tom could eliminate a little bit of the confusion for the other rangers.

For her because they would be so starstruck by Tom Brady playing him that they would accidentally call him Tom.

Jeff, you're nuts because the green rangers are bad boy and nobody's a bigger bad boy than Dennis Rodman.

All right.

I got to go with you on this one, Jeff.

I succeed.

I give up.

I succeed.

I do it all.

You succeed.

I succeed.

I have a couple of questions for both of you because he seemed to have a really good business plan here.

Now why is he J off because he doesn't have an O in his name.

So now we're just calling him J off for fun.

He does have an O in his name.

I've got no J E O F F I G E O F F.

Okay.

And okay.

No J off, I suppose.

Have you ever tried flow nays?

I kid tried it.

I've hooked up the stuff.

Actually, it's backfired.

I can't get off of it.

It's like chapstick.

You try it once and then it just makes your nose more stuffed up.

Sam, I'm up to a bottle a day of Robodushing.

I'm having a bottle on the drive in to work and a bottle on the drive home.

I work.

I work in H vac.

I take so much.

I quill it keeps me up.

I'm on that stuff.

I quill shouldn't put you to sleep.

It should knock my ass out.

I am up all day long.

Oh, you're taking it in the morning.

I take it first thing as soon as I get up.

Okay.

That's not how they recommend you take it.

Speaking of drugs.

Yeah.

Who in the MLB do you think is cocaine personified?

Darryl Stromberg.

Stromberg.

It's got to be.

Great gas.

Yeah.

Great gas.

I actually think it's Mike Piazza.

What?

You're dead wrong.

I actually like Piazza.

Now I rarely agree with my cousin J off here, but in this case it's Piazza, baby.

I don't know.

I think we have a disagreement.

This is like Piazza gate.

Oh, shit.

Hey, come on.

Go to the Met Stadium and scream, show me the pedophiles and start firing rounds into the dugout.

Speaking of pedophiles brings us to another one of our sponsors, the video game.

Sneaky basement boy.

That's great.

What?

The designers of the game, Sneaky Basement Boy.

Sneaky basement boy.

It's a popular game.

It is made by one of our neighbors to get kids to trust him and to explore in his basement.

So your neighbor made a video game to lure children into his basement?

Probo code sports type it in.

Tell the sports.

S-T-O-R-T-S.

Guys, you guys, have you ever watched a sports match?

We love sports matches.

Okay, here.

All right.

Let's get to more sports trivia.

Jamie Lee, you're a sports gal.

You like baseball, right?

Okay, Don Mattingly.

Is he or is he not taller or shorter than Jason Statham?

Is he or is he not taller or shorter?

These are just quick questions.

And you're taller?

Or exactly the same.

Not to throw a curveball at you, but I think it's a curveball is, by the way, just to say, do you know what a curveball is?

Yeah, I've been in a backroom of a bar where everybody was doing curveballs.

It fucked me up pretty good.

You're just a drug addict.

You don't even know anything about sports.

Ben is us.

Ben.

Who?

Ben is my dog.

Get off my fucking leg.

All right.

Jeff over here.

Oh, God.

Good guy.

Great fucking guy.

I totally forgot what I was talking about when the dog came and attacked me.

Okay.

I don't know why you brought it up, but look, okay, go ahead and throw your curveball at G off here.

Oh, well, now I remember Jeff over here.

He's like Clint Eastwood in that he has little trouble with the curve worth it, right?

That's quiet, Jeff.

Quiet, Ben.

You forgot your dog's name.

It's confusing.

It's two names to remember.

It's white men's names.

They all come together after a while.

You know, just for the sake of Brandon, I have an idea for you.

I just.

And who's Brandon?

That's another white man's name.

Brandon.

Of course, Brandon Lee, if he were to play on the NHL, you know, you got to put about the black.

No helmet.

It's the closest thing to the crow.

It's the class.

That's right.

See, yeah, you're getting the hang of this, Scott.

Well, Andre, did you have something you wanted to say about Brandon?

Brandon.

Yes, Brandon.

That's my son.

I do have a son named Brandon.

Oh, I didn't tell me that.

I didn't want to.

Does that change your mind about me, Scott?

So I will marry you?

How old is Brandon?

Brandon is 17 years old.

He's going to get you.

He's a little old for sneaky basement boy, but he might still like it.

OK, well, I don't actually don't want him involved in any of this stuff because up until recently I was a Christian woman.

So Brandon Wise, Brandon, B-R-A-N-D-I-N, I thought maybe it would be wonderful.

If you guys like this idea, by the way, I do need to be compensated.

You keep saying promo code sports.

What if you spell sports SPE or shit?

SPR-E-O-T-S.

Just throw it after E in there.

Oh, spray.

Oh, like kind of like jazz?

Oh, like jazz.

Oh, so put an extra in there like ice sports.

Oh, no.

E sports.

Oh, E sports.

Speaking of podcasts, I'd like to ask our gold members to continue listening.

And if you haven't paid for a gold level subscription, please shut off the podcast.

That silver and below cannot listen to us on other podcasts.

It's just the honor system.

It's the honor system.

That's not a way to do business.

You should invent some sort of internet site, Andre.

We can, okay, it can be a wall and we call it a wall, a rectangle.

We all know what walls are.

Sure, sure.

And call it a pay wall.

A pay wall.

Yes, build the wall.

Speaking of walls in the Game of Thrones series, what NFL quarterback would you want to be part of the watch?

And why is it Ryan Leif?

Okay.

There's one answer.

One answer only.

It's John L. Way.

All right.

And here we go again.

They're both number 16, but unfortunately.

I think you have a defensive lineman in there.

Don't you want to choose your say out?

That's fucked up, Scott.

We'll get you in your say out in the Canadian Crippler on the wall defending the night's watch.

Now it's now I'm thinking you do know a little bit about sports because I don't know who they are.

Chris Benoit, the Canadian Crippler is better while the wrestler.

My favorite wrestler.

He's a favorite wrestler over at the sports dude with Jeff.

Yeah.

Oh God, I don't know.

How many listeners do you have?

That's the thing, Scott.

We have not figured out how to check that yet.

So we're unaware of how many listeners we have.

If we want to go by live tickets sold, we're doing a lot of live shows these days, a lot of meet and greets after the show and stuff like that.

We're doing carry out live shows.

The time shows busier than ever.

We're in Alabama.

This is indoor venues.

Oh, no.

Yeah, that's I mean, you know, things are opening up hopefully soon, but I don't know if right now was a great time for you guys to be doing indoor venue shows.

We're doing meet and greets in window is karaoke.

Are you sharing those?

Yeah.

Oh, heads.

We're just babies.

Kisses babies.

Tom Brady style.

You're doing a graduated show.

Do you know what that means?

Yeah, that's where you're getting a massage and your son comes in and kisses you on the lips on camera and you post it yourself.

Yeah, no, I don't think that's weird, but I know it's not weird at all.

That's just being an athlete and he's got the seven championships to prove it.

I wish my dad would have kissed me.

He'd probably have done better in life.

I wish your dad my uncle wouldn't have kissed me so much.

You guys can have an off my conversation about that.

If you wanted what athlete to take a photo of you, who would it be and why is it tip hard away?

What situation are we in?

Is it a I see them on the street and I want a photo in front of a business that has like my name, like Scott's pool hall and like, Hey, take a photo of me under this sign.

Is that right?

Yeah, you're at Scott's pool hall.

It's like shit, but I just got a love photo of me.

This would be funny as hell.

You look over who's there.

It's the 19 life.

That left.

That left shrimp.

I don't know any other basketball.

Any one of the 1986 Chicago Bears, maybe.

Okay, you are the Bears.

You want McMahon?

You want for a drater, maybe I straight up.

I would love to see what did go bust out better hip hop group, the 86 Chicago Bears or the Wu tank.

You tell me.

I don't know.

That's a push.

Is what William refrigerator, Perry, the method man of the 86 Bears call in now one five seven.

We don't know.

We don't have any.

We all are.

T is the call right now.

I'm calling back.

We are getting a call.

Okay.

Let's pick it up.

A caller.

Are you there?

Yeah.

Hello.

Hi.

You're on your on comedy.

You're on with the sports, dude.

I'm caught.

Comedy bag.

I was trying to call the sports dude.

Oh, no, with the sports dude is here.

It's a sort of crossover episode.

Yeah, okay sports dude.

If you're on the New York Giants, go ahead.

Go ahead, go on.

Who's the Falcon?

Which one is the Falcon of the New York Giants?

That's right.

That's the question this guy's asking.

He's curious which one I'm glad you came on Jeff because the question was confused even for me.

I mean, the Falcon and the winter soldier, which one's the Falcon?

Which one's the winner for soldiers?

How are you talking about more Marvel stuff?

Are you talking like G.I. Joe of all the New York Giants who would make the best Falcon?

Well, you know, a giant starts with G.I.

You know, that's great connection, Scott.

Holy shit.

My mind's fucking blown.

My mind falls out of my nose pretty easily because my septum is fucking ironic.

I can see it trickling.

Yeah.

Better chance of defeating Cobra.

Is it G.I.

Joe or G.I.

Ants or the Giants?

And Cobra, meaning the insurance that you got?

Not a judge, you know.

Cobra from your job?

Cobra commander, the guy who says, yeah, you can give your old policy for the same amount of money.

Great question, caller.

Thanks for the question.

I'm confused.

Jamie, entree, back me up on this.

This is confusing to you as it is to me.

Very confusing, Scott.

And you know, as a person who communicates very clearly, I'm having a hard time following y'all.

Maybe we just don't know enough about sports.

I think that's got to be the sports thing.

It's who would make it the NHL National Hockey League, a bugs life or ants.

Well, my hands is probably canceled because of the whole.

I can separate the artistic merit of ants away from, you know, the bad baggage that comes with woody.

All right.

This controversial call.

But I think we all have to honor the great things.

This has provided us as a society as humanity, which brings us to our next set.

Check out the film, baby driver use promo code sports to download the Blu ray.

High quality.

Download a Blu ray.

4k ultra violet download use promo code sports get 25% off baby driver, starring friend of the show, Kevin Spacey.

Oh, friend of your sale, baby.

Fourth quarter, fourth and 10.

11 yard line.

Who are you throwing the ball to in your wide receivers are Nightcrawler.

Probably night crawler because you can just he can just stamp into the end zone.

Oh, you know, if you hit that hit him anywhere downfield, but what if it has to be so bad from the masters of the universe, candid, uh, Skeletor, probably because everyone's going to be too scared of his skeleton body to tackle him.

You're throwing a hot take hot take ocarina.

You're throwing a Hail Mary.

You're sending Skeletor, man.

You're 11 yard line.

Why are you throwing a Hail Mary?

You're on the you're on the 11.

You're on your own 11.

Oh, you're on 11.

Oh, okay.

But it's 89 yards.

First and 10.

The clock running down because it seems like you just throw for 10 yards.

40 seconds left.

The clocks go it backwards.

You're in a lot of time.

Ten it.

You're in some sort of tenet situation.

I guess I was a temporal pincer movement being run by the Kansas City Chiefs.

I guess I would pick scarecrow from Batman begins.

Okay.

But you're going against the battle toads.

Oh, this is tough.

Maybe rough.

I wish the listeners could see the faces of entree and Jamie who are fully relishing in this.

I'm probably going to go with Leonardo because he leads, but that's a whole different podcast that I can't get into.

Oh, God help us.

We're already in so many class action lawsuits.

We do not need another.

Please don't start a battle toads podcast.

Look, guys, it's been great getting to know you, but we are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

And that of course is a little something called plugs.

Oh, that was heavy shit.

That was plugs one, two, three by fluorescent badge.

Thank you so much to fluorescent badge for that wonderful plugs theme.

If you have one, go hit us up and send them wherever people send them.

I have no idea where that is.

Jamie, what are we plugging here?

Obviously the wedding, what is it?

The wedding, the wedding coach on Netflix now Netflix now all six episodes.

They're about a half hour each.

This is a look you could you could watch all six of these or the Godfather.

They're the same amount of time.

Three hours.

What would you suggest people do with their time?

I mean, I say binge it.

I say, don't watch the Godfather.

We've heard about that movie for too long.

It's time to come on.

We need some fresh blood.

We need some new Godfather.

We need a new Godfather.

We need a wedding coach.

That's right.

All right, great.

And Andre, anything you want to plug here?

Just several of my inventions, but I understand we don't have time for that.

So otherwise, no, no, I don't.

No, there's not even like a show that you can watch on a rectangular device that comes on week to week.

Every once in a while, there is this show that I do watch on a rectangular device.

Thank you.

It's called that a television you dumbass.

Okay, well you pitched it to me several episodes ago.

Well, your memory is impeccable, Scott.

Yes, there is a show a program I enjoy.

It's called Saturday Night Live.

And yeah, I do watch that from time to time, but I don't know if I want to plug it.

Sure, you wouldn't maybe go that far, but it has been having a great year and certain performers on there have been doing really well this year.

And so maybe it might be amusing or humorous to watch such a show and to be a short or giggle at it.

Sure, sure.

So Saturday's 10, 11, 30 p.m. Eastern time.

I think it comes on at 8, 30 p.m.

What's your specific?

Yeah, yeah, sure.

In Chicago, it's at 10 30.

Chicago, yes, exactly.

So NBC Saturday Night Live, check it out sometime.

Yeah, if you've never seen it, now's the time to start.

Sure Night Live getting the comedy bang bang bump for once.

If it makes it to 50 years, you'll know why because we plugged it on this episode.

And Jay off and G off.

What do you guys want to plug here?

Splooged builder.

No, not your own.

No, you can't do.

I think we could actually, we've got to do it.

We've got to plug Splooged builder again.

How many businesses that you advertise are your own businesses?

Are you the guys creating Splooged?

You want us to plug somebody else's business, Scott?

Fine.

Actionboys.biz, a Patreon podcast about action movies.

I don't get it.

Not enough sports.

I like it.

It's almost no sports talk.

I hear they ramble on for a really long time in these episodes.

Every episode longer than the runtime of their movie that is not necessarily a positive.

That's the promise.

But if you're talking dollars per minutes, these guys are a good value.

If you have a job where you mop floors or just have to do a remedial task for hours on end, it's the perfect podcast for you.

Number one downloaded podcast amongst pizza box folders.

Wow.

Well, I want to plug.

I have another show, ThreeDum, that comes out on Thursdays.

That's Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkis and myself.

And that's just the three of us sitting around having fun in my backyard and shooting the shed and then playing games.

So check that out.

Subscribe to it.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Open it.

Shit.

Don't mess around.

Don't open it.

Shit.

Rap.

Open it.

Shit.

Rap.

Don't open it.

Shit.

Rap.

Don't open it.

Shit.

Rap.

Open it.

Shit.

Rap.

Don't mess around.

Let's rap it.

Open it.

Shit.

Don't mess around.

Let's rap it.

Open it.

Shit.

Rap.

Don't mess around.

Let's rap it.

Don't mess around.

Let's rap it.

Don't mess around.

Let's rap it.

Don't mess around.

Let's rap it.

Alright, that was great.

That was great.

Yeah, that was good.

That was a good second one.

Yeah.

That's open that shit by public speaking.

I'm sorry.

That was really cool.

Interesting to name your band after something that is non-musical.

But thank you to public speaking for that.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Jamie.

Great to see you again.

Great to see you.

And, Andre, I'm sorry that we couldn't make a love connection, but if you want to have a second date, we'll pay for it.

Okay.

Well, in that case, yes.

If somebody's paying none, yes.

Okay, because you're broke.

Well, I don't dabble with those anyway.

You know that I want to accept that from a payment anyway.

I'll wait with the coins.

Yeah, I'll ask it.

The big coins going up the way they are.

The big coins are going sky high.

They're like the Frank Thomas of crypto.

I don't know what that means.

The big hurt.

If you had to name one former MLB player as a cryptocurrency, it would be Frank Thomas, the big hurt.

Guess so?

I don't understand where you guys are going.

There's no argument.

Yeah.

And guys, I don't know really what you're talking about really ever on the sports side.

Certainly, you know, the X-Men side.

I'm doing okay on, but that's right.

Spooge, build their promo code sports.

Splooge it up.

Okay.

Thanks, everyone.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.

That's the way I really wanted to end this.

So thank you.

Bye.

♪ ♪ Okay.
