♪♪ If you are listening to this, it's already too late. Short shorts have gone out of style. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Alfredo Solis Fuente for that catchphrase submission. Alfredo Solis Fuente is catchphrase superstar.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition. My name is Scott Ockermann. I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And this is episode 702. We are too deep in another Hundo, which is so exciting.

98 to go before we close out this Hundo. But we're too deep into this one. And it's a very exciting time to be alive.

Of course we are in hump week of AP Drapey. I'm not exactly sure what to call this month, but we have our 12th anniversary coming up in a couple of weeks.

A lot of exciting stuff going on in the extended bang bang universe. And today's episode is no exception.

Coming up a little later, we have an artist. Whoa. H.R. Giger will be here a little bit later, which is very exciting.

We also have a small business owner. Look, 2021 is the year of Comedy Bang Bang. Small business owners, no entrepreneurs any longer.

We have small business owners. Mary Jane Kim will be with us a little bit later. But before we get to them, let's get to our first guests.

They have been on the podcast many times separately and together, I believe. And this time they're doing it together.

And you know them separately as being human beings. But together they are a super collective, a super group.

The likes of which we have not seen since the traveling Wilburys, no other firm. Both editions of the firm, the hip hop collective and of course the rock group.

You know them individually as Paul Rust and Michael Cassidy.

Please welcome back to the show. Don't stopper will die.

Hello, guys.

Hey, Hi, Scott. Hello, Scott. I love your catchphrases. Hey, right off the bat. Thanks for giving it to the fans immediately.

Well, you know my famous catchphrase. Hi there. Hi there.

Hi, yes. Hi there. Hi, there. Of course, you know, just in the audio medium, we're not getting the physicality of the bowing and the tipping of the several.

You tip a hat. You take it off. You put on a different hat.

You tip that one as hat inside that first hat.

Of course, because they didn't at and don't forget the double curtsy. Oh, of course not. How does one do the double curtsy, by the way?

Is it you curtsy both legs? Is it like? Yeah, you curtsy both legs simultaneously. You essentially you collapse.

Yeah, because your knees are turned out when you're doing it. Yeah, because you grow permanent harm. Welcome to back to the show, guys. You, you know, I can't even count how many times you've been on the show.

I believe you've been on ever since the old indie one of three one days having did you do songs on that one or were you not around then?

I think so. I believe so. I think you did. Yeah. So you've been our old old friends. Yeah, and we appreciate having us back. Scott.

Yeah, I love it. I mean, this podcast, it's it's wild. It's a reverent and I love it. Thank you so much. We were reverent for a few episodes and then we were like, what are we doing?

Yeah, you made a good choice. That was a good pivot. And you speaking wild and irreverent. I mean, you guys, you have decided to throw away the traditional model of releasing an album and you've decided to do this.

You decided to do this crazy thing, which is out now a record called song a week volume one, Bloom of the Goji.

Tell us about this. Oh, boy. Well, yeah, we're going to we're going to take a sledgehammer to the protocols of the music industry and build it again from scratch.

So yeah, we release a whole song every week on our podcast and then this is what is the podcast.

Oh, the podcast is called song a week. That's not song U H week. It's song eight. No, we did consider that, but it felt hesitant.

And don't fix it up with the other podcast song this week.

The Paul song. Yeah. He's great. I mean, when he entered the podcast fear, it was an exciting day for all the guests.

We did get him as a sponsor, finally, though. So you guys put out a you guys put out a podcast where you guys do a fully produced song every single week. And this is the first collection of them.

Twelve songs is that from the first twelve episodes? That's true. Yes. That's right. Yeah. And the podcast is it's it.

You know, it's sort of quibi sized.

It's a quick fight episode. They're about 20 minutes long.

For the first dozen minutes, Mike and I, we just goof around.

Oh, yeah. And then we debut a full new song because yeah, Mike and I, we were writing songs. We felt like they were getting backed up. We wanted more songs out.

We thought, I got to ship them out. Yeah. That's right. You don't want to listen to your calling podcasting had just started.

We wanted to get on the ground floor in November, 2020.

Yeah.

And now, Mike, you were telling me something really interesting before the show about how they're already are twelve new songs?

Well, I thought that you would find it fascinating that when this podcast is released, even after the album, there's a whole other dozen songs in the podcast.

I was blown away. I said, I made a mental note. Got to bring that up.

Well, Scott did, I think, a half-eye roll, which is maybe even worse than a full-eye roll.

I only rolled one of my eyes, which takes talent to do.

You do a double curtsy and a half-eye roll as the ultimate compliment.

Of course, you guys have been together for as a band for over a decade. Is that right? I mean, it has to be.

You were back on the indie one or three one days. I think back in the W administration, maybe 05.

I think 05 probably. Yeah. Not gonna do it. Not gonna. That for my sad. What was he not going to do? He never explained that.

I guess have a second term. Oh, my goodness. All right.

We'll look at two political on this show. We're gonna polarize.

We're veering into new no-no's here, Toria. No, Paul, you are not prepared to do any of those today.

That's true.

And you guys are both sipping from beverage cups. That's right. Well, we thought you were gonna talk for a second.

Well, yeah. Well, you guys scored so hard on your last jokes that you both simultaneously took sips of water.

We're not gonna be needed for the next 20 seconds or something. Victory lap.

Scott, you calling Mike and I out on bean dorks who are drinking glasses of water at the same time.

I remind me of that time you caught Neil Campbell and I probably around 2005. Backstage, stretchy before we came out to do a performance.

I have never seen the like. That was introduced as you said.

Well, these two guys were backstage stretchy.

I have never seen a comedian warm up or stretch before a show.

I mean, this is the kind of career that one does when one doesn't want to warm up or stretch.

Like you do that in your first two minutes. That's true.

Before that, I was actively avoiding any sort of war beat up.

So you guys have been around for so long. Of course, our old friend, Harris Whittles used to be your drummer.

And now do you guys do you do drums on your songs now or are they drumless or a drum machine or a combination of both?

We worked it out with Harris's ghost. He's been drumming for us.

Whoa, this is incredible. How did you get a look at this?

I've been trying to reach him on the Ouija board and...

Well, we break out the Ouija board. He hasn't been answering my Ouija's.

Yeah, he told us about that. It's not personal. He just hasn't gotten to it.

Oh, he's backed up on the Ouija's. He's backed up on his Ouija's.

Is it one of those things where if you don't answer it immediately, it just drops down to the in your list of Ouija's?

Reddit thread. I'm backed up on my Ouija. I was supposed to be talking to Buddy Hack at this morning.

Wow. So we played now. We released an album in 2018 that was produced by fellow friends of Harris, Dan Molot, and Amin Zuruqian.

And Amin Zuruqian started and they drummed on that album.

It played drums.

And then we started playing live again and Amin had been playing a lot of guitar on the song.

So Amin joined and on drums, we play with Tony Thakston, a drummer from such bands as Motion City Soundtrack.

And he's very talented dude. So, yeah, I play a lot.

Obviously, we miss Harris, like the Dickens. Yeah, there's no replacing that guy.

Just like Charles Dickens. We all miss him. Yeah, and a great drummer.

A lot of people didn't know that. There's a whole chapter of Christmas Carol, where Scrooge basically is doing terrible.

It's not even like an exciting drum solo. It's like just the bar work.

It's really, I see why they cut it. It's incredible.

Well, this sounds great. You guys are going to be doing a couple of live songs for us.

What's the difference between doing a live song and a recorded song?

Well, one takes a lot more electricity.

Oh, okay. So, is this like cryptocurrency you guys are?

It's like creating one Eureka book. What are they called?

Ethereum. One takes a lot of electricity and one takes all you get.

One take is all you get with a live from. No, I understood.

You thought it was me not understanding?

Well, you didn't even give me half an eye roll.

There's like an eighth eye roll tops.

Well, she died. I heard it.

Eighth of an eye roll.

Well, this is exciting that you guys are here. You're back on the show.

You're going to be doing live songs from this album, song, a week, volume one, and the bloom of the goji. And where can people get this record?

Is that something that you can stream? Is it something you can buy?

It's everywhere that you stream and download all the music spots and there's also a bandcamp.

We can go to the don'tstopperworlddie.bandcamp.com. It's all there.

Right. And your name, by the way, have we ever talked about your name?

It's based on the old couple and back to the future.

What do they actually say?

The actual dialogue is don't stop Wilbur drive.

Don't stop Wilbur drive.

Yeah, when Marty comes back, first comes back to 1955 and he's trying to flag down that car.

And this woman believes that if they stop her, we thought it was her screaming she would don't stop or will die.

But then when the DVD came out, we got those closed captions on.

And it prompted you to turn on the closed captions in the first place.

Were you looking for clarity on the issue or was it just like an anything extra?

If there's something extra I can fit into this screen, subtitles, footnotes, anything.

I want to see it all.

There's a picture in a picture of a football game I remember.

We were watching it with Christopher Lloyd and his grandkids and we started getting an argument.

Yeah.

And Chris just put on the...

Just put on the GD captions.

Oh my God, I wish I knew what that GD stood for.

God damn it, I wish I knew what that stood for.

And he wasn't on set that day, so how did he know what they were saying?

Well, I think he guest directed that scene.

Oh, he did.

Zimakus lit him behind the camera for that bad day.

Literally climb.

Because he's very total.

A lot of people don't know.

He's two feet tall, Christopher Lloyd is.

Yeah.

And Michael J. Fox's eight feet tall.

Yeah.

And they both had to stand in front of a green screen any time they were next to another actor.

Other than that, the props were all built to their scale.

Yeah.

But any time they were in a scene with another actor, they had to be in front of a green screen and it would even them out.

Absolutely.

And Scott, what crushes the mind is that those heights don't just apply to the Back to the Future franchise.

That's no.

Every movie or TV show these guys have been in.

They've had to accommodate these heights.

It's crazy.

Christopher Lloyd in Taxi is shorter than Danny DeVito.

Yeah.

Three apples high.

I think they say.

So it's actually don't stop Wilbur Drive, which is a weird line.

Stop Wilbur Drive.

That's an odd line.

If I were an actor and I received the pages that day, trying to wrap my mouth around that would be very, very difficult to do as an actor.

Yeah.

You'd want to shorten the Wilbur part to or will.

Yeah.

Could I just say, hey, let's get out of here.

Maybe I would try to say, but she nailed it.

Don't stop Wilbur Drive.

Yeah.

I mean, maybe we should change the band name to Don't Stop Wilbur Drive.

Have you ever considered that doing a doing like an offshoot band?

Like a roasting cramps and Guildenstirt are dead of music.

Yeah.

Gosh, this definitely sounds worth putting a ton of time into.

Let's do it.

Well, Don't Stop or We'll Die is the name of the band song, a week volume one, Bloom of the Goji is the name of the album.

And you guys are going to do a live version of one of the songs right now for us.

And you guys are holed up there.

It looks to be in Mike's place.

Judging by the artwork on the walls.

And you.

All monies.

Yeah.

Exactly.

All originals as well.

A lot of people don't know, Mike, you are one of the premier art collectors in the United States.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I think actually people almost everybody knows that about me.

I'm sorry.

That's what I meant to say.

Everyone knows that about you.

Bar generation Steve Martin of Bunnyman curators.

That is a literate.

Right?

Bandjist.

You and Steve were in a sort of a race to collect certain pieces of art.

Did you end up winning that race or was that?

I did.

Yeah.

I especially got I've got this poster of my father's brass quintet before he.

Steve Martin really wanted that one.

I know.

Yeah.

But Jive for five is alive.

So yeah.

And Steve Martin and that's that's not an original.

That's a print.

But Steve Martin really wanted that specific print, didn't he?

Yeah.

And that's an NFT that I just printed out.

Oh, cool.

That's cool.

What is that?

Bloom County?

Yeah.

And that's in the middle.

I think you love gave me this actually.

Oh yeah.

And that's surrounded by Van Gox and a starry night.

You have the original starry night.

Yeah, I did.

I was eating a hot dog when I moved it in.

So there are a little some ketchup and mustard stains on it.

So it's not just stars.

It's like star and a couple of suns and yeah, there's kind of a big there's a big green UFO pickle slice.

I think it improved it.

I, you know what?

Actually, I'm feeling really positive about it.

I know that I didn't even bothered it to put it in a frame and I just kind of tangled it on the wall.

Yeah.

But you really helped me.

I think I might have improved it.

Van Goo wishes you had put more UFOs.

Van, Van Goo.

Van Goo.

Fucked yourself.

Yeah.

We would know that more like Argo fuck yourself.

Yeah.

Or Vincent Argo.

Did you know Scott, this is a little Hollywood tidbit.

Did you know they wanted me to play Alfred to bed.

Affleck's Bruce Lee.

That is so weird because you're younger than Ben Affleck.

Like usually Alfred is older and acts as like a mentor character and his Alfred is the character that you know, sort of raises Bruce Wayne.

How would it work with a younger person?

Well, they had seen me do a sketch where I had some very unconvincing old man, sort of a white wig.

Oh, okay.

And I had two canes, two canes.

They believed me to be Alfred's age.

Oh, so you were kind of, yeah, it was, you lost the job when they discovered it was a ruse.

You were just playing a character.

Oh, so they came to see a sketch of yours.

I thought you were a real old man and then cast you as Alfred just based on that sketch.

Well, and also this was a previous script that Don't Stapper Will Die wrote songs for.

It never actually happened, but we wrote songs for the new Batman movie that got cut because the original script, all the Alfred scenes were flashbacks to win the early 90s when I was like in great school.

So Alfred in the early 90s.

Was he like wearing a bootleg sort of thing?

A bootleg Simpson's t-shirt or?

Yeah, it's like, and he goes to see like, he goes to see Batman forever in the theater and everything.

He's like, I got to get involved with this guy.

Wow, this is incredible script.

I got to say, I mean, forget about release the Snyder cut release.

The Don't Stapper Will Die Batman cut.

Oh, please.

Yeah.

I mean, if we could get the studios to play ball, man.

Hey, Scott.

But how about release the Rocky versus Rambo movie, huh?

Oh, yeah.

Well, yeah, that needs to happen.

I mean, what is Sylvester Stallone doing these days?

Well, he's making Rocky and Rambo movies.

We just not getting them together like we wanted to do.

The six of the writers right here.

Yeah, that's right.

That's fully one half.

Well, guys, this is incredible.

You have this new album out song a week, Volume One, Bloom of the Goji.

Yeah.

We've been working on this album.

In the meantime, we've been moonlighting, making new fonts.

Oh, new font.

What do you mean you've been making new fonts?

What do you mean?

Well, it's part passion, part necessity.

We make the money that creates all the songs by selling fonts.

We make fonts at night.

And it's also kind of stirs up our creative process.

Oh, OK.

So we're making songs for fonts, then we ran out of fonts.

So now we have to make the fonts for us.

OK, so you were making the songs that you wrote earlier in your career were designed to be fonts.

Right.

Yeah.

Yeah, you understood it perfectly.

OK, but then there are no more fonts.

So you had to start making new fonts in order to write new songs.

Am I getting this correct?

Yeah, you're getting it.

This is a big of a mind bender.

It feels like a tenant.

Oh, yeah.

It is like our yeah, we are like tenant.

We're like tenant the band.

Yeah, or tenants.

You guys are like tenants.

Yes.

Like two kooky tenants.

Yes, you guys made these fonts.

So do you like if I were to name a font with that?

Could you write a song based on that font?

Certainly.

OK.

Name what you got.

One, you know, one of the most popular, Helvetica.

Helvetica.

Crunchy, crunchy, crunchy, crunchy, crunchy.

Crunchy, we never mention the name of the font.

Wow.

Incredible.

Well, guys, I hate to make you play a song right after you just played an incredible song.

Yeah, well, you are here to play songs off of your new album.

And you're going to be playing a couple of live tracks here.

And are you guys all set up to do that right now?

I mean, obviously you just play one.

So it seems like you are still waiting for our cellist.

Oh, no.

I think we may have to go on without them.

Do you want to say what this song is?

Do you want to give us a title or are you?

Oh, we love you.

Yeah.

So we'll play the title for this first one.

And then if we play another song later on, it can remain shrouded in wisdom.

Oh, no.

OK.

All right.

What is the title of this song?

Well, this one's called A Flower in My Garden.

Scott.

Flower in My Garden.

OK.

Scott.

Is this the Scott?

OK, A Flower in My Garden, comma Scott.

Yep.

OK.

And this is a new song by Don't Stop or Will Die.

Are you guys all ready to play?

Let's do this.

All right.

Here we go.

OK.

On Comedy Bang Bang.

I got a flower in my garden.

He got a little better attitude to do, to do, to do, to do, to do, to do, to do, to do, to do, to do.

He talks about a mile a minute, but he's got absolutely nothing to say.

Hey, hey, hey, hey. Hey, hey, hey, hey.

Hey, hey, hey, hey. But he's reaching to the sun is reaching to the sun, he's reaching to the sun.

He's reaching to the sun.

I got a flower in my garden. He got a little bit of attitude.

He's got petals so pretty, but his thorns will take a little bite out of you.

But he's reaching to the sun, he's reaching to the sun, he's reaching to the sun, he's reaching to the sun.

He's reaching to the sun, he's reaching to the sun, he's reaching to the sun.

He's reaching to the sun.

Wonderful, wonderful.

We have to take a break, we have so much more show to come.

When we come back, we will have, H.R. Giger is going to be here when we come back after this break.

Boy, he hasn't been on the show in a while, that's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more Don't Stop or We'll Die, more comedy bang bang after this.

How many bang bang we're back here, we have Paul and Mike, Don't Stop or We'll Die here.

Hi there, hi there.

Yes, hi there, thank you so much for your catchphrase, yes, hi there, hi there.

And what about your catchphrase, Mike, I forget exactly what it was.

Hey, of course, how could I forget?

They have a new record song, a week volume one, Bloom of the Goji.

What is that referring to, is that a song title or what exactly?

It's not a song title, it's the essence of, it's a new thing started and this is the first of anthology album from the podcast.

In all sincerity though, Scott.

We, our buddy Harris Whittles, he used to call us his Gojis.

Yeah, we wrote Harris's Gojis.

Yeah, so why would he do that?

Well, I don't know, but we would describe ourselves as three Gojis for Harris.

Oh, so he wasn't just calling you his Gojis.

Well, he went both ways, we were the three Gojis.

I believe it started though as Harris referring to us as his to Gojis.

Okay, what is the definition of a Goji?

I think it's a berry.

Yeah, it's a plant.

Oh, great, well, what are these?

Little berries.

So this is the Bloom of the Goji, this is blooming anew.

That's right.

Yes.

Wonderful.

And that, this is in stores now, this is available to stream anywhere that people can.

That's right.

And then Mike and I on our podcast, the new, new episodes that come out, we have a patreon.com slash don't stop or we'll die where folks can get the new track each week.

That's right.

Okay.

Don't have to wait for an album if you're in on the patreon.

And you guys are a good band, right?

Hmm.

How do you answer a question like this?

I mean, it's not one that I don't, I don't think I've ever asked any other group other than the sloppy boys that, but what did they say?

I think they were unsure.

Well, I'm here to say that we're a good band.

Let's, we can say it.

And also, you know what else?

Sloppy boys are a good band too.

Hey, great band.

Yeah.

All right.

Wonderful.

Well, Bloom of the Goji is out there right now, but we do need to get to our next guest.

Now he is the aforementioned visual artist that I was talking about.

You guys are artists of the sonic variety.

I mean, sonic the hedgehog variety.

The ears that you have on the side of your head that see sounds.

Yes, exactly.

But he is a visual artist.

You know him best for designing Deborah Harry of Blondie's first solo record album cover.

And also did some other things like designing the Xenomorph for the Alien franchise.

Please welcome to the show H.R. Giger.

Hello gang.

It's so great to be here again.

So good to have you.

You know, it's been a lot of question because how am I here?

Right to it.

Just all business.

I like this.

So you're getting right too?

There's been a lot of questions.

Yes.

I mean, in general, in the world, people ask a lot of questions on varying subjects.

I would say that the ratio of declarative statements to questions is probably two to one.

No, it's 1.5 to 0.5.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, that's it.

I understand now.

That's why I'm here to crunch the numbers.

Okay.

Thank you.

So what are the questions that are by the way, this is Paul and this is Michael from Don't Soper.

Well, I know big fan.

Oh, hi.

Pleasure to meet you.

I love Flower in the Garden.

I know the title.

Thank you.

Thank you, Lee Jarr.

Hey, nice monies.

Oh, thank you.

Are you a fan?

Yeah, are you a monayer?

Crazy.

I am.

And I'll tell you why, because, you know, when I was alive, right, everybody, I was pretty much dead.

I mean, let's be honest.

Look at me.

But when I died, I was like, because being dead was my thing when I was alive.

Why not when I'm dead in the nether regions be, hey, I'm kind of alive.

I'm alive again.

And so, yeah.

Are you switching your whole deal now?

That's right.

Come this Easter I did, because mostly because pastels are big.

And I thought, you know, love to celebrate that.

And I see those monies.

And is that also a manne?

And is that manne's?

You got manne's on your manne's?

Oh, see, we celebrate the joys and happy accidents.

HR, you are a totally different guy now.

Don't flather.

I truly wouldn't.

Well, welcome back to the show.

And you say there are a lot of questions.

Yeah, that was one of them.

How are you alive again?

You passed away, of course.

And people know you from, roll down your bio, which is short for biography.

Oh, thank you.

Okay.

I thought you meant my bio.

Your biological system.

Well, if you want to talk about that, I could go on because sometimes my skin is so translucent.

I get sunburns on my organs.

Oh, no.

I know.

Could you imagine?

My kidneys are peeling.

Oh, dear.

Yeah.

So people would know you from the big scary monster in Alien.

You designed that puppy.

Yes, he's Azzina Marv.

And he was born out of my obsession with genitalia.

And I run that by my wife, Carmen Maria Chiffola Giger.

And if she approves of its uncomfortable levels of anxiety, then I can put it into the world.

And like you said, I did a Blondie's album cover, Corn's Microphone Stand.

That's true.

That's one of my favorite little details about UHR Giger is Corn didn't ask you to do anything other than just like relegated you to the microphone stand.

Like, what can you do with this thing?

Yeah, then Rush got at me about Neil Pert's drumsticks.

And I said, this is getting ridiculous.

Like, enough with the long cylindrical things.

Yeah, I did do it though as two little garter snakes.

And a lot of your work is based on penises and sexual organs and I guess vaginal shapes, is that safe to say?

I think, yeah, most people would say that.

And you know, there's a lot of hatches and vessels that look very vaginal.

But I...

What drew you to that?

Yeah, what drew you to that kind of work?

Coincidence, you know, like everything's bound to happen in life.

There are infinite, you know...

As the immortal Bard once said, there is nothing new under the sun.

That's right.

There are monkeys in the room that are bound to paint vaginas.

Ha!

Have you ever done that?

Put monkeys in a room?

Oh, let me tell you, man.

I've never, you know, monkeys are one of the most outdoor animals I can think of.

Like, to see them in a room, that would be incredible.

Yeah, why couldn't you put the typewriters outside?

Exactly.

Maybe they're electric, they can't run that many extension cords.

Oh, yeah, but I mean, you should...

If the theory holds up, you should put electric typewriters outside in a rainstorm and still get hamlet.

Sure, of course.

Paul Mike, anything?

Oh, well, uh...

It's the...

Oh, the Shakespeare talk.

HR, you did the original poster for Shakespeare in love?

Yes, I did.

I did.

And it was just Dame Judy Dench in a sea of pus.

That's me.

So, no Gwyneth Paltrow, no rain finds.

Didn't need them.

So what brings you back to life, back to reality here?

Easter Resurrection, like I say, it's...

Sure, that was a couple of weeks ago, though.

So you're just a spring guy now?

Well, forgive me, if I didn't come here first stop, I have some things to take care of.

Oh, what's going on?

Why would you here Easter Monday for episode 700?

I had to feed my cat, Mugi.

Oh, your cat still is?

Well, live.

You know, good question.

I just put some food out.

I never saw him.

Where did you put the food?

On his carcass.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, okay, yeah.

I think I have something to tell you that you might not.

Oh, not interested.

No worry about it.

No more room for information.

Is your wife still alive?

Good question.

I came and put out some food and, you know...

You're one of those guys who stopped going on your Wikipedia page the moment you died, right?

I did, but I used to edit it when I was alive.

Oh, yeah.

We all do that, of course.

Yeah.

I think our celebrities, let's stop editing our own Wikipedia pages and pick a celebrity and edit theirs.

Oh, dibs on, let's say Bob Barker.

Okay, yeah.

I mean, there's not a lot of upkeep there, I would imagine.

So that you're kind of giving yourself one of the easier ones.

Okay, I'll take army hammer.

Oh, no.

Okay, that's a full-time job.

Why, what happened?

I've been gone.

Oh, he's a you guy now.

Yeah, he's a you guy.

Oh, great.

Okay, I'll have to talk to him.

Yeah, you guys should get together.

I've got his lawyers' email here.

I'll send it to you.

Thank you.

So what brings...

So it's spring.

What does H.R. Geiger do nowadays in the spring?

What are you up to?

I guess is what I'm trying to...

Yeah.

You know, have answered in a roundabout way.

I like to garden, do little egg hunts.

I did an egg hunt, and what I do is take the xenomorph eggs, you know?

And that...

Sure, the xenomorphs hatch out of...

Yeah, the face huggers.

The face huggers, yeah.

Yes.

Before they transform inside someone's stomach as a parasitical being into their larger form.

Top marks, Ocherman.

Wow.

I saw that movie, Alien.

Oh, I'm not familiar.

Wait, you just designed the xenomorph?

You had nothing to do with the movie?

They said make an alien, and I said like duh, and that's all I know.

Did they pay you for it?

It was scary?

Yeah, it was very scary, and I did get paid.

And I just...

Then I turned my back on it because the moment art becomes commerce, it's dead to me.

I see.

So once you accepted, was it like a cashier's check or a money order?

It was an American Express cashier's check.

Once you accepted that, you turned your back on the xenomorph forever.

Yes, not on that cash though, boy.

That's when I funded my little skeleton train I have in my backyard.

Where did you get that cash?

Did you go down to like the check cashing place on the corner, or did you have your own bank?

No, there is a cash checking cash place that has a fax machine, and you can also get your taxes done there.

Wow.

So I did all three in one day, one year.

The trifecta, this must have been in April.

It was big.

That's why I'm back.

Oh, you're here to do your taxes.

You may be interested to know that they delayed the deadline of...

Why?

Well, you've been gone for a while.

There's been a lot going on here on Earth that you actually would have been very interested.

Oh, this is totally being not interesting.

Not interesting.

No, not interesting.

You would have loved it.

There's this thing called the coronavirus.

It's all body.

The body.

Gross body stuff.

Yeah, just like, yeah, makes people stop smelling and tasting.

What fun is life if you can't smell or be smelled?

I think you prefer.

Well said.

I like it.

Is that a one to one?

It is.

You have an equal transfer of smells.

So do you know that it does work on a credit basis where you cannot smell someone if they're not smelling you.

So coronavirus must be screwing up the ecosystem.

It truly is.

People are unable to smell.

They're unable to taste.

There are...

I mean, not to get too into an area, which is too morbid, but there are just bodies everywhere being stacked up and makeshift morgues.

I mean, I would think that you'd be really into this kind of thing.

Wow, gone too soon.

I feel like when you leave and then the party really starts.

Yeah, I mean, you'd be like a...

I don't know how else to describe this, but a pig and shit.

Okay, no blue.

Don't work blue.

I beg your pardon.

Yeah, it's too bad though.

I could have been the patron saint of all this.

You could have.

You could have started a Patreon.

A West Nile?

That's another huge thing that started since you died.

I'm listening.

Oh, HR, you gotta get a Patreon.

Okay.

HR.

You gotta get a Patreon.

You guys are having so much fun.

Do you miss it?

Yeah, you're president.

No, do you miss it?

I do miss it, and that's why I'm back because I've got some unfinished business.

What do you gotta finish?

Oh, can I finish as Ross Perot said?

That's just it.

What?

Yeah.

I have to bring Ross Perot back to get elected so we have a third party system and fix this big suchism in our world.

You're bringing Ross Perot back to Earth?

Yes.

Well, where is he?

There we go to Mordor.

It's this place with all these doors.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

Mordor is then the usual.

Then hell.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So it's like hell but with Mordor's.

This checks out.

Just go with me.

Okay.

So.

Oh my.

I have a very close caveman friend who passed away recently.

I hope you haven't seen him.

What's his name?

Ungamunga?

Yeah, I think I know the guy.

Ungamunga's in hell?

Yeah, that's him.

That guy's basically a big pile of dust.

Oh, man.

Wait, he passed away recently though?

You said fall.

Yeah.

How does that work?

He had a caveman Benjamin Button sort of.

Oh, God.

You see that, you do see that.

Yeah.

You understand.

It's interesting that people who are born with Benjamin Button disease know how long they're going to be alive.

You know what I mean?

Like we're all born as babies.

Yeah.

And we have no idea if we're going to die at 30 at 52.

So yeah, if you're born with Benjamin Button and you're born and you're like five years old, you're like, oh no.

Oh, shit.

You're basically a walking egg timer.

It's like why bother going to kindergarten or anything?

It's like, let me just enjoy myself.

Yeah.

So Ungamunga was like that.

And so he didn't keep getting older.

He kept getting younger, like younger first, a fetus, then an embryo, then a little egg, then a sperm, then he became his father and then his grandfather.

Oh my God.

How fun was it when he was a sperm?

It was pretty great.

I have to say.

It was gooey.

Little slippery.

I was into it, but not in that kind of way, just aesthetically, you know, it's it.

Yeah.

If it the whole xenomorph spit kind of vibe that you have, I wore him as a fashion accessory as a little opeless tear.

Oh, okay.

And he was good with that.

Like that's that's that was mutual.

Did anyone think you had been to prison and had killed someone?

No, that's when you're in prison and you conceive someone.

Oh, okay.

Did anyone say, Hey, have you been to prison?

You said no, it's just sperm.

Well, I don't want to reveal, you know, like kill the magic.

You know, it's like it didn't do that.

It's still believe it.

It'd be fun if a prisoner came out and did that funny joke with people.

No, it's just sperm.

You'd be so- Make them popular around that prison.

They would not be beaten up immediately.

All right.

Well, look, we need to take a break if that's okay.

Yeah.

HR, can you stick around because we have a very interesting small business owner coming up.

You got it, Scotty.

And Paul and Mike are here from Don't Stop or We'll Die and you're going to be playing a live song a little bit later in the show.

You guys, of course, can stick around because you're going to be playing that song.

Wonderful, wonderful.

Okay, great.

All right.

Well, we'll be right back with more Don't Stop or We'll Die.

More HR Giger will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here.

We have Don't Stop or We'll Die.

Song the Week, Volume 1, Bloom of the Goji is out now.

12 songs that have, don't worry, been remastered.

And they are all there for your listening pleasure and Paul and Mike are here doing songs from it here as a special treat for us comedy bang bang listeners.

We also have HR Giger is here.

Hey, oh.

Well, wonderful.

It's great to have you guys all on and we're going to be hearing another song from Don't Stop or We'll Die here coming up at the end of the show.

But let's get to our next guest before that.

She's a small business owner.

This is exciting.

2021, we have had a few small business owners on.

We have not had any entrepreneurs because we were tired of having them on.

But this is a small business owner.

And I'm not quite sure what her business is, but let's please welcome to the show for the first time, Mary Jane Kim.

Hello.

What's up?

Thanks for having me.

Yeah.

So this is HR Giger.

Hello.

Hey, what's up, guys?

Hey, what's up?

Don't stop or we'll die over here.

Don't stop.

Don't stop or we'll die.

Yeah, that's pretty much my motto all year.

And yeah, well, I mean, look at every year as far as I'm concerned, try not to die.

I'm just trying to.

If it ever happens to you, that's about it.

No, no.

Take it from me.

HR here.

They're rough here.

Been a rough year.

Well, my business, I started a small business during the pandemic.

You are the owner of a small business.

Yeah, I own this.

It's a very small.

It just started.

How small are we talking?

Okay.

Like as small as me, you can't see me.

I'm pretty small.

So it's like that small.

Yeah, you're on Zoom right now.

And I'm just seeing basically an empty house it looks like.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm like four 10.

Okay, you're the Liz Taylor.

You're a Fortensky.

Yeah.

I'm four 10 just like, you know, I could have been a gymnast, but now I'm a small business owner.

Oh, okay.

Are you ever sad that you weren't a gymnast and you're a small business owner instead?

Yeah, every day, every day of my life.

I could be real rich, but you know, now I'm just a small business owner.

I couldn't get any of those rich gymnasts.

It's like me and.

They're sort of small business owners in a way.

I bet they incorporate.

Yeah, they probably own their bodies.

So probably their business is doing gymnastics around town.

Yeah, just around town.

So tell us about your small business of which you are an owner.

All right.

Okay.

So, well, I've been on Instagram a lot this year and I've been watching people start small businesses and I just thought, how should I monetize some of my hobbies?

And one of my hobbies is just smoking a lot of weed.

So I started a weed business out of my parents' house, but like, is this going to be on, is this going to be on something because they don't actually know that I'm.

Yeah.

No, you're on a podcast right now.

Did you not know what this was?

This is a public, this is distributed publicly.

You're not going to like email, like don't email them this, right?

Yeah.

Oh, no, we don't know.

I mean, you know, we don't usually email everyone in America whenever we put out a new episode.

You should.

I mean, that would be great if we had everyone.

I feel like this podcast has a pretty strict, no parents allowed policy.

Oh, thank God.

Well, we have had that.

Yeah.

We don't like to, we don't like a lot of square parents on this show.

I mean, I don't, I mean, anyone who's even, you know, sired a baby of any sort, we don't like to have them on a show.

Yeah.

What if I were to gestate an egg sack just asking for, you know, that old saying, that's right on the line.

Okay.

I'll get back to you.

Okay.

Thank you.

Yeah.

So wait, so you, Mary Jane, or do I call you Mary, which is actually my name is Jane Kim, but then I thought, Oh, that's funny.

I called Mary Jane.

And so I start, I like went on the internet and I, you know, I was like, that's pretty clever, but I don't know if you know this, but Mary Jane is actually a sort of a slang term for marriage.

Oh, okay.

You know what?

I'm learning a lot about, I'm learning a lot about weed now.

You know, this business just started like last week, because I'm desperate for money.

I lost.

Why are you so desperate for money?

You lost money.

I got to move out of my parents house.

What were your jobs that you lost?

Oh, okay.

I worked at a stationary company.

I walked dogs.

I was a nanny.

I had like a, um, oh, would you do for a stationary company?

Were you writing letters on stationary for people who would hire you?

You know, like fonts, you know, those guys were talking about fonts.

Like I kind of like invented those guys.

These guests that are on the show.

Yeah.

The other guys, I would like make fonts.

Um, I would also kind of like, how does someone make fonts?

Um, I would get real high.

And then I would think, oh, this looks different.

Like this is a different way to draw an A or a D.

Oh, okay.

So what would you do?

What would you do for it?

Would you like like close my eyes and draw it with my left hand?

Oh, that's it?

Just like drawing with your left hand is your new fonts.

Okay.

I think it's like pretty cool.

Yeah.

I have a question though, Scott.

Yeah.

If I may.

For whom?

Oh, yeah.

Myself or for Jane.

Yeah.

Jane.

Are you, uh, so if you're selling this, are you growing your own marijuana in your parents' house?

Okay.

Yeah.

So I have been growing it in my closet and it's been super stressful because it smells so bad.

Uh, you not like the smell of pot.

You said it was something that you were doing a lot.

Yeah.

I mean, it doesn't smell bad me.

It doesn't smell bad me, but if my parents smell, I'm going to get in big trouble and they're going to kill me.

So it's been a little stressful hiding it from them.

How do you, how do you hide a smell?

Oh, I just tell them I have like diarrhea and stuff.

Wait, so you've told your parents you've had diarrhea every single day of the pandemic?

Yeah.

And it works because it's so stressful.

The pandemic is being stressful and they're like, oh, yeah.

Okay.

Oh, are they worried about you though?

Or, I mean, I would think they would take you to a doctor at some point.

Dove, I just am like, I got to stop eating cheese and, you know, you know, this cheese and the gluten and stuff.

Okay.

Yeah.

It's okay.

I have a setup in my closet.

I put all the weed in my shoes so that I can hide it.

And then I have like a greenhouse that I got on Amazon and, but the electricity, the electricity bills have been going way up.

So I have to think like, how do I explain that?

I just keep all my lights on all the time.

Maybe if you told your parents you had an electric toilet that you were constantly having diarrhea.

And that would explain the electricity bill.

You know what?

I'm going to try that.

I don't know if that hold up though, Scott, as an alibi because I had an electric toilet.

When I had diarrhea and it was just, I was blowing the fuses all.

Oh, and electrocuting yourself.

I was getting electrocuted while I was spraying diarrhea.

It was a toilet.

Yeah.

No, people don't.

When you buy an electric toilet, I bought one last summer.

Yeah.

And they don't tell you that an electric current can flow through your diureus tree.

Yeah.

Right.

Through your sphincter all the way up past your aforementioned organs, HR.

And right outside.

And you're right.

You're welcome right outside your mouth.

Do your parents not know what weed smells like?

They just think that weed smells like diarrhea or diarrhea smells like weed.

They, you know, they say they know they, they say they smelled it.

And one time my dad said he did smoke weed once, but they hate it.

Mary Jane, have you considered giving your parents COVID so they lose their sense of smell?

This is a good idea.

I did think of that.

And I prayed every single night that they would get it and they did it.

And then they just got their back to the floor.

Well, you can't just pray, Jane.

Oh, God.

I mean, God helps those who help themselves.

You need to go out there, get COVID, infect your parents.

And that way you're in the clear, baby.

Yeah.

I am in Orange County.

I did go to Costco and Walmart without a mask on because I forgot.

And that probably could have done something.

But didn't end up happening, huh?

They did.

You escaped it.

They're too strong for me.

You know, they're like strong people.

They're strong willed.

I got to get out of here.

Is that how you can not get COVID is just willing it not to happen?

Yeah, pretty sure.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Why don't you just move out?

I mean, I can't afford it, man.

Please don't yell at me.

Wow.

You know, it's hard being a small female business owner.

Okay.

It's like, I don't know what I'm doing.

I'm just making it up as I go along.

Like go on www.marijane.com and you can.

Well, you own Mary Jane.

Wow.

Good.

Get.

Just sell that.

All of your problems are taken care of.

Men, hey, I'm glad I came here.

I'm getting some good ideas.

I got to write this down.

What's fine with you?

He's not writing anything down.

I can tell.

I'm going to write it down.

You're high right now, aren't you?

No.

No, I'm not talking to you, Rachel.

Okay.

I mean, I smoked this morning, but like not right before this.

By the way, this is technically our 420 show.

It's coming out on 419.

So it's, whoa, you know, it's close enough for horseshoes and hang grenades.

No, 419 is Steely Dan Day.

That's May 19.

That's 519.

I'm always among my.

May 19.

Yeah.

Always, I'm Brian, and my is Brian, never in April's day.

Could I go now?

No, no, please.

Okay.

Here's what I'm thinking.

Okay.

I'm thinking maybe someone, someone on this podcast makes posters, right?

Yeah.

Oh, so now you're outsourcing.

Someone else on this can make me a jingle.

Someone can make me a jingle.

Yeah.

Paul and Mike, do you want to make a jingle here for, for, what is the name of your business?

It's called Mary Jane Kim weed.

Mary Jane Kim weed.

Yeah.

Mary Jane Mary Jane Mary Jane Kim weed.

I think that's a little close to the McDonald's.

I'm loving it.

Yeah, ba ba ba ba.

Yeah.

Too close.

Can you take it?

Too close.

Take it into a different dynamic.

Mary Jane Kim.

I'm not up.

Mary Jane Kim weed.

Perfect.

Is that farther from it or closer?

That's actually the McDonald's thing.

Too too close.

That was closer.

That got even closer.

Yeah.

What if it was just ba ba ba ba ba?

I'm loving it instead of making it.

That's as close as you can get, I think, to the McDonald's.

Oh, that's closer to.

Yeah.

What about ba ba ba ba ba ba?

Mary Jude.

Yeah.

I don't think it's the changing the name of the business would do it.

Mary Jane.

I don't think it's weed.

I don't look.

You love my weed.

That's good.

You buy it now.

That's good.

And if you smoke it, it smells like diarrhea.

And it's so, we're so fortunate that between us recording this and this coming now, Paul McCartney and Ringo Starr are going to die.

We're so fortunate that no one will be left to sue anyone.

That's going to be great.

Hey, I made a poster for you.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

So, yes.

Oh, HR is holding up.

Get your mouth next to the mic though, so we can hear what you're saying.

Okay.

Don't text shame.

Oh my.

I love it.

Describe this HR if you could.

Okay.

So you got your, let's just call it a maple leaf.

It's a pot leaf.

Hey, come on.

No, don't go blue.

Okay.

And then there's.

These are two breasts and this is a phallus.

Perfect.

This is the skull of a dead alien baby.

And that is a vaginal opening and then it just says Mary Jane.

I love it.

That's perfect.

And that's funny because one of my weed strains is called green dolphin and it looks kind of like a dick.

Oh, great.

I'll also put a dolphin in there and put a dolphin in there that looks kind of like a dick.

Yeah.

It's like a dick dolphin.

I love dolphins.

There you go.

Oh, I talked to some people who worked on the old flipper show and they said he was a huge dick.

Oh, I've heard that too.

It's sad.

Wack, wack, you're in my eye line.

Don't meet your heroes.

Jane, if I may.

Yeah.

It sounds like you're not having much luck selling the weed.

I mean, have you ever thought about just abandoning that and do you have anything else in your closet that you could sell?

What about all those shoes?

Yeah.

I think you have a ton of shoes.

I have nothing else.

Oh, wow.

You don't have any other possessions?

No, this is it as I have shoes filled with weed.

That's it.

If it doesn't work, I'm going to be screwed.

Your parents are your parents worried about you?

All you have are shoes in your in your bedroom for sure and you have diarrhea every day.

Yeah, super stressful.

They're very worried, but they're Asian, so we don't talk about our feelings.

Okay, so whether they walk into your room, take a look at their...

They look around.

Is there a bed?

No, I sleep on the ground, Japanese style.

But more than that, other than them finding out about this, I would just be worried about you as a human being because you sound like you have no interests.

You don't even sleep on a bed.

And is the diarrhea a lie or do you actually have diarrhea every day as well?

Well, you know, this past year, yeah, I have had diarrhea every day.

It's been pretty bad.

Okay, so it's stressful.

Puffed in.

Everything is stressful, but to be honest, out of all the guests that have been on recently, you know, I don't worry about Paul, I don't worry about Mike.

Yeah.

I don't even worry about HR over here.

I know they're going to be okay.

Thanks, man.

You know, this is the first time you've been on the show and I'm a little just worried about you as a fellow human being.

Oh, well, yeah, you guys, you don't have to worry because now I have a jingle and a poster and my business is going to succeed.

I actually believe in myself, but yeah, if it does fail, I'm going to be in pretty big trouble.

Just, just, just so we were being clear here though.

Yeah.

We're not doing this work for free.

So we do have to bill you.

Okay, I cannot pay you.

I'm a professional, I'm a professional, you know.

Can you pay us and some of that?

Oh, yeah.

I want to choose.

Yeah.

Can dead people smoke pot?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I bet.

Sure, ghosts.

Well, yeah, you see it smoke.

Well, and you see a skeleton smoking weed and then it drifts out of their ribcage.

Yeah.

Oh, I have seen that.

Yeah, that's true.

Ghosts love weed.

Well, I mean, if you guys are okay being paid in weed, then, you know, I guess we have a deal.

I just, you know, I hate to criticize people's businesses when they come on this show and I've never done that.

I think if you can find any tape of me ever criticizing a guest business on this show, you know, I bet surprised to hear that.

I love this.

It's a great school.

So I'm not going to necessarily smoke it, but I have a place I can work.

Well, it's a passion.

We want to help you might sell it.

Yes.

This is an investment.

It's a shark tank investment, but you don't know.

I mean, you might think your parents aren't that hip, but maybe around midnight, just crack open their door as long as they're not gremlins as long as they're not gremlins.

Yeah, don't get them high after midnight brain gremlin or that lady gremlin.

But yeah, you might see your parents might be cooler than you haven't.

I really, they actually might appreciate you growing this weed because they buy it themselves and they smoke it.

Some and dad can be cool too.

Yeah.

Maybe they have sex.

What?

Yeah.

Well, with each other.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

I know.

I can't think about that.

Jane, I'm willing to invest in and we can definitely trade music for weed, but I do every time that I buy weed, I do email your parents.

So we would have to email them.

Yeah.

So we email the parents of anyone he buys weed from.

Yeah, which in the past hasn't been an issue because it's never been you before.

No, I hate to get violent, but you know, now I'm going to have to kill you.

Wait, are you serious?

Are you really going to kill Mike Cassidy here?

Mary Jane, are you the diarrhea strangler I've been hearing about?

Oh, man.

I mean, I cannot confirm or deny that.

That always means they're confirming.

I need a lawyer actually.

I'm like a lawyer.

You got the army hammers lawyer.

Yeah, I can send you that email.

I need a lawyer.

I know your parents army hammers attorneys info.

Um, actually I'm going to say I'm going to represent myself.

That's over.

He gets to present himself as a fool for a client as the immortal bard one said.

Yep.

That makes sense too, because I'm also my own boss and my own employee and I can.

Well, you're a self made woman.

Yeah.

I respect that.

Thank you.

Women lead.

I'm leaning in.

That's right.

You are a failed small business owner who is about to be arrested for strangling people.

And as far as I'm concerned, should be arrested for your daily diarrhea as well.

I think anything over 200 days a year and you should be arrested for it.

Yep.

Oh, for sure.

I sentenced you to two years on the electric toilet.

Oh, no.

It was the electric chair.

Oh, no.

Oh, dear.

I sent it to two years of hard diarrhea.

So just regular poos.

It's just regular poos.

Oh, yes.

Thank you.

Thanks.

All right.

Well, we are running out of time for the show.

We only have one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

I've got this feeling on a summer day when you got.

I'm going to be a little bit more.

All right.

That was I Kona popped by the best by the last Noel.

Oh, okay.

Bringing up the rear in no else.

Thank you so much to the last Noel and guys, what are we plugging in here?

Obviously, don't stop or we'll die.

Paul and Mike, what do you got to plug?

Well, check out our podcast song a week and the new album, Bloom of the Goji available everywhere.

All right.

Boy, short and size.

I love it.

HR, what do you have to plug in?

I'm in the crossover plug because now I have a friend named Matt Gourley, great guy and he works with Paul Roost here and oh, that's right.

They do a podcast called with Gourley and Rust where get this.

They just finished covering a season of the Allian franchise and you can subscribe to their Patreon or just get their free feed podcast.

You know, it's a crossover.

Do they cover alien versus pharaoh?

They did.

That's a crossover.

Yeah.

And let me tell you, it's hard to walk away from that, not feeling like the alien did it.

And people can get that.

Where do they get it?

Patreon.com slash with Gourley and Rust or just in your free feed, but the patreon's got so many goodies.

Don't sleep on that stuff.

No, of course not.

Jane, what do you want to plug here, I guess, other than your business?

Obviously, maryjane.com.

Somehow you were able to get that.

I guess you could go on my Instagram and watch my cooking shows.

I've been doing a lot of cooking during quarantine.

How do people get there?

Oh, it's at Totally Moto.

At Totally Moto.

Is that total Emoto like an emoji or is it totally Moto?

Just like totally Moto.

Okay, great.

All right.

So people can get that at Instagram.

I want to plug, you know, everyone listen to Freedom, which is the podcast that I do with Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkis, where we just kind of sit around talking and having fun and making jokes.

And then we play games at the end.

That comes out every Thursday, so check that out.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

And you find that you're getting a little eye mist.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the parking.

Open it up.

Open up the plug bag.

Show us the code.

Open up the plug bag.

Show us the code.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure you sign us in jambs.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure you sign us in jambs.

Open up the plug bag.

And don't mess around with it.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Oh, wow.

Wow.

I like the song, seventh of language.

Yeah.

Oh, it didn't like that.

Yeah, by the way, that me saying wow, that was part of the remix.

That wasn't me just saying wow right there.

That was- I was looking at your face when I thought you were frozen.

That was close up the plug bag 2021 dramatic remix by Pinocchio Grigio.

So thank you to Pinocchio Grigio for that.

That was amazing.

That's bringing back gangster's paradise into the plug bag remixes.

So appreciate that.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Jane, great to meet you.

Good luck with all of your dietary- Thank you.

And intestinal issues that you're having.

It's going to get better.

You're not looking that good right now, I have to say.

You're turning kind of a little brown, like your face is turning brown right now.

Does diarrhea rise to the top, is that why?

Yeah, it's starting to leak out my pores.

Oh, God.

Oh, no.

All right, well, get that taken care of.

That is.

HR, great to see you, buddy.

I'm glad you have a brand new lease on life.

So good to see you.

So good.

So good to be here.

Just the sun is shining.

You guys, just great.

It's interesting because you used to come on the show and have all these fascinating, you know, your whole aesthetic was so interesting.

And now you flipped it, and now you're like a regular person.

Yeah, but I'll be back to regular next time because I don't think I can sustain this.

I don't know.

I'm not sure.

And Paul and Mike, great to have you on the show.

But we have another song from you, Dombly.

Yes.

Yes, yes.

We want to play another song for you.

Thanks for having us.

Yeah, thanks, Scott.

Thank you so much.

And what is this song going to be?

You said you didn't want to give any clues about it or is there just give us a taste?

Let us wet our beaks.

Oh, I think you'll know.

Wait, but this is a new song I've never heard before?

Yep.

Oh, OK, great.

All right, let's hear it.

This is Don't Stop or We'll Die from their new album.

This is a live version from their new album song, a week volume one, Bloom of the Go-G.

All right, guys, let's hit it.

Baby gets what baby wants.

Baby wants what she gets.

Baby gets what baby wants.

Baby wants what she gets.

I don't get why she wants me.

I don't get why she needs me.

But I guess I'll take what I get.

Baby gets what baby wants.

Baby wants what she gets.

And I don't get why she wants me.

I don't get why she needs me.

But I guess I'll take what I get.

But baby needs a friend indeed.

And just like me, she's bulletproof.

She takes the lead.

Her boss who's greed.

Upon one knee, she comes shining through.

Baby gets what baby wants.

Baby wants what she gets.

I don't get why she wants me.

I don't get why she needs me.

But I guess I'll just take what I get.

Yeah.

All right guys.

We'll see you next time.

Thank.

Bye.

You Thank you.
