♪♪ I'm 10 pounds of Albert Brooks in a five-pound pair of Finding Nemo Boys shorts.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you.

That was a hard one to get out, but I did it.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Stanley, two chains, two chains for that wonderful catchphrase submission and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And this is our last episode of our 11th year.

12th anniversary is next week, so this is the... it'll get it all out.

Whatever you want it to get out, whatever you promise to get out... this is for all of our guests.

Whatever you promise to get out in our first 11 years, make sure you say it on today's show.

And my name is Scott Ockermann, and speaking of shows, we have a great one.

We have a wonderful comedian coming up.

We also have a small business owner. That's right.

2021 is the year of the small business owner, and this week is no exception.

We have another one and a new guest. We've never had them on the show before.

Also, we have a former politician who's on the show, so that's exciting.

So we're really covering the gamut between comedy, small business and politics.

If you have ever wanted to hear the intersection of those three jobs, this show is for you.

And by the way, we had the... probably the most important night of...

It was certainly Oscar's night to shine last night.

The Oscars, yes, were last night out of the 12 days of Oscars.

That was probably number one. That is number one with a bullet.

We have, of course, the nominations are probably number two.

I can't remember what the other 10 days of Oscars are, but last night was the Oscars.

Coming up now, our first guest, I didn't meet on the Oscars, but we wrote on one particular year of the Oscars together.

That's right. Maybe solidified our friendship.

It was maybe a little... it was tenuous at best before then.

It was a little like we were circling each other saying like, no, I'm the big dog.

No, you're the big dog.

It wasn't a deep bond before our time together, but we found it.

We found it there, the Oscars.

I think that those days are just sitting around wondering if we're ever going to get even a phrasing of a joke in.

Really?

If you could even look at our side of the table, I think.

Nope.

It never happened.

And he did not.

He did not look at our side.

But you know him, of course, from such television shows as I believed he played a hot boyfriend on insecurity.

Am I getting that correct?

Yes.

You were a word of it?

That was what they wrote in the parentheses.

Did you have a name on that show?

Jared was the name.

Jared.

There was some debate over what they...

Like the dude, the subway guy?

That was the big concern.

It was right after he had molested all those kids and they were like, are we committed to this name?

Apparently they were.

They were like, his name is too good.

They were like, did you ever...

Did you ever...

Jared?

And I'll introduce you in a second, but did you ever on that show, did you ever pull your pants out to show that you...

They used to be really big and you slimmed down?

They cut that scene and I honestly think that would have been the difference maker for me becoming a series regular.

You know what I mean?

If you pull those pants out, you got to follow the whole journey, but unfortunately they didn't look at that.

Oh, Jared.

Yeah.

But we wrote on the Oscars together and currently he has a wonderful podcast called My Mama Told Me, which is on iHeart or Anywhere Podcasts Are Sold or Distributed.

And please welcome back to the show our old friend Langston Kerman.

Hello.

Hey, thank you, Sky.

Hey Langston, you are holding up your arms like the world champion you are.

I'm celebrating, baby.

I'm back.

And I'm back.

You're back, baby.

And I'm honored to be back before the 12th year.

I'm honored to not have made the anniversary cut.

Fuck it.

I'm happy to be here on the last day of the 11th year.

It's beautiful.

Yes, that's right.

You, I believe this is what?

Your third or fourth time on the show?

Sweet three.

This is the third.

This is the trifecta.

Yeah, give me that jacket like SNL does.

Well, that was for five.

Oh, okay.

Oh, yeah.

You're giving.

Oh, wait.

You think it's like the Masters where you have to give it.

Wait, which one do you give the jacket back?

Isn't there, isn't there one of those awards where you have to like you get to wear a jacket for a year and then you give it back?

Yeah, I think it's only golf things.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I frankly, I don't know.

Speaking of golf, what do you think about Tiger?

I hope those legs are okay.

They come in handy when you're golfing.

I gotta say, I think it would be good to segue into people who don't necessarily need to use their legs for golf.

I think it'd be cool if we had like hover crafts that are like, you know, you know, those like Professor X, like floating wheelchairs that he had in the 90s for a while.

Yeah, sure.

And that'll give you a sweet like boost.

You can do.

That's what I'm saying.

Push yourself forward and then you can hit it real far.

Happy Gilmore style.

Yes, exactly.

And it would bring a whole new era of golfing into it if we just had hovercraft technology, I think.

It would get the kids interested in golf.

Like literally our kids interested in golf these days.

I don't think so.

And I hope that this podcast inspires more kids to break their legs and explore hovercraft golf.

What were the sports, Langston?

Look, we got to know each other during the Oscars.

That has been previously established.

But I do, there are so many questions about you that I don't know.

What were some of the sports that you enjoyed as a child?

If any.

Oh, I actually, I loved basketball.

I was a big basketball man.

What's the obvious that orange round ball?

It's the orange round one.

That's right.

With the little stripes on it.

I'm actually, I played for the, for my, the practice team for the women's practice team in college.

What does that mean?

You practice against the actual women's team?

That's right.

So they, or you practice and during the practices and then they take over during the games.

Yeah, I, I just wait till they're practicing and like this side.

That's when I want to shoot around.

It's the energy I got off the court.

Come on ladies, let me play.

So you, you played a little bit.

What, what position?

I know there's probably forward, center forward, something like that.

Are those positions in basketball?

Those center is a position and forward is a position.

The combination does not exist, but I love that you built it.

Well, what, should it exist though?

Should there be six players out there on the court?

I like that.

And I, I'd love, if there are six players, I would love somebody who just sort of runs the baseline and yells encouraging words.

That'd be nice of just, why not?

Hey, you're doing great.

Hey, I'm proud of you.

Don't be shy.

Show off those arms.

I think there could be someone floating above the basket trying to block it though.

That's, you know, like basketball is essentially hockey tilted on its side, isn't it?

Yeah.

So in hockey, you have a goalie.

So shouldn't there be like, here's, here's my thing.

Rotate basketball 90 degrees.

Yep.

Put it on the floor.

Have a goalie around the basket.

This is a, you're getting a ball underneath.

It can, the ball can still be rounded orange.

Don't worry fans.

We're not trying to change the whole game.

We're just doing a little tilt, just a slight tilt and maybe a goalie.

Just a slight tilt.

Just reminds me of, what's the Harry Potter game?

Quidditch.

You're chasing the snitch.

Yeah.

You're chasing those snitches and the, the bludgers or bludgens of, I can't remember.

Yeah.

What are they, they might be bludgers.

Bludger.

I think it's the, those are the hard balls that hit people while they're flying around and trying to score points.

That, that's the thing.

All these games, football, basketball, baseball, they have one ball.

Yep.

You know, like, hey, let's do this pinball rules.

Suddenly like three balls get put out there.

Oh, yeah.

Let's go.

And the batter, the batter can hit them all if he wants to.

And he can see, he can score like, like if he hits three triples, you know, he goes around nine bases, which means he, he gets to first, but scores two runs.

Yeah.

Let's see how talented you are now.

LeBron James, you sick fuck.

If we put three balls out there, you sick fuck.

You know what you did, you sick fuck.

Well, I forgot about your beef with LeBron James space, space jam two.

What do you think about that?

Oh, listen, I, I'm excited for it.

One way or the other, it's going to make for good memes.

I'm not sure that it's going to be good, a good film by any means, even the premise of it feels really confusing and a little because I never saw the first space jam.

Well, don't tell Sean just in that because suddenly I'll have to do a podcast about it.

Well, the, the first space jam is exciting because Michael Jordan, he retires from basketball, right?

He says, did he do it on space jam?

He did it on space jam.

Really?

So he told the world he was retiring in the movie space jam.

In the movie.

That's how the news broke.

And he says, world I'm through with, with basketball.

I'm going to play baseball now.

I didn't see that in the last dance.

I remember the press conference, but I don't remember cartoon characters being around him.

This is, this is sort of the subtext.

This is sort of in that space where they just started making up an additional story that hid underneath the, the main story, which is Michael Jordan playing basketball.

I understand.

So this is all, this is all subtext.

So he, so he retires and that's the end of the movie.

This doesn't.

No, it is not.

That's actually where it begins.

So the entire.

He retires it in.

Yes.

And so he retires and he's playing baseball poorly and Newman from Seinfeld is there and he's supporting him for some reason.

But then the, the, the tunes, the, the cartoon characters, they're having their own show.

Thank you for the lay person cartoon.

The Looney Tunes are, they're dealing with some shenanigans of a, a group of aliens who come to earth and use a basketball to create a magical powers from that basketball.

They basically use that orange round ball, that orange round ball.

But this time it's cursed with the powers of other NBA players that they've stolen.

So Muggsy Bogues, you know Muggsy Bogues.

You're a big fan.

Sure.

Muggsy Bogues.

Sean Bradley, who was in a terrible car act or, and now is paralyzed, but we didn't have to bring that up.

Yeah.

Why do you even.

Sean Bradley, Charles Barkley, Patrick Ewing and another, it might have been Larry Johnson.

I can't remember, but the point is all their powers get stolen, put in a ball.

And now the aliens are playing the tune squad for their freedom.

And then Michael Jordan has to step in to help save them from slavery on a different planet.

This sounds insane.

This is the actual plot of the movie.

Are you building the lily?

I wish I was making this up.

This is 100% the plot of that film.

So wait, so what's the plot then of the second space jam that everyone's a slave and they I'm assuming Michael Jordan didn't succeed.

Ah, Michael Jordan did in fact succeed.

Oh, what?

So spoil of the most for space jam.

One of the most powerful moments of the film is when Michael Jordan realizes that because he's in the tune world, he can apply tune rules to his own body.

So he stretches his arm much like a cartoon character would.

Don't go final basket.

Like metal art women in the in the Globetrotters cartoon that when he turned into spaghetti?

Or did he turn into the big premise round orange ball?

I can't remember.

I was one of them.

Listen, you're much older than me, Scott.

I have no memory of what you're talking about.

What do you Jim Gente?

I don't know any of their references.

Now Langston, one thing that is going on with you, you were telling me right before the show, mere seconds before the show.

I barely had time to process it.

It was swimming around my mind and I was like, oh my God, how does this work?

How does this happen?

But you are currently head writing a television show that's going to be out in a matter of weeks and in maybe three weeks or so.

Is that right?

That's right.

It's a wonderful new show on HBO called Pause with Sam J.

It's starring Sam J. And it's great.

It's a late night show.

She talks shit.

We laugh.

It'll be a great time.

Maybe if there was a show like Pause with Sam J and it didn't have Sam J in it.

And then Sam J watches and is like, what the fuck?

Can they do that?

But I mean, it's Pause with Sam J starring Donnel Rawlings to just his show.

He just picked our name.

Like a title doesn't legally have to be accurate.

You know what I mean?

That's fair.

You know, like I went to see Avengers Endgame and they're making more Avengers movies.

You know, it wasn't literally the endgame.

I can't sue them.

That's fair.

And that was a real false start on there or false end on there.

Their part.

It really was.

Try to trick us.

Throw Mama from the train.

I went and I was like, check.

They threw her from the train.

Okay, good.

But most titles aren't that accurate.

Run low, low run.

She ran.

And then she ran again.

So yeah.

And then quite honestly, she ran several more times.

She ran quite a bit.

You could have added a few runs.

Yeah, they that was their problem was they didn't add enough runs in that title.

It was.

I know realizing by the way, you saying run, low, low, run that run, run, run, run a movie that I co-wrote is a parody of run, low, low, right?

I don't think I put that together until now.

Are you feeling good or bad about that discovery?

Probably bad.

Okay, sure.

Almost everything about that makes me feel bad.

And so what this is a talk show is it in front of an audience?

Is it like, you know, the tonight show kind of thing or what exactly?

No, we're trying to break all the rules.

No audience.

This is it's like a it's more like a fun party that that's being thrown in an apartment with friends and then taking that stuff out into the world to talk to real human beings.

Real human beings.

Well, I even when they talk to fake human beings out there and those other talk shows, it's exhausting.

I'm sick of those those stupid dogs from M.I.T. running around doing interviews.

Just barking.

Stupid cop dog.

No, pounding on the ground with their paws with same J.

And that was the original pitch that got thrown around and we said, no, we're going to do it.

We want real live people on this show.

But we'll keep the title.

We love what you wrote down as a title.

So you're the head writer of this show.

And so this is different than when we did the Oscars together.

That's right.

This is very.

How is the experience been for you?

We talked briefly about this.

There's a.

We did.

I'm bringing up pre show conversations to fill time.

I yeah, it's just a different vibe.

You don't get to sit and riff and be silly.

You got to be sort of responsible and like a mommy in the room at all times and it's not only the other writers suckle your teeth.

Yes.

Your comedy.

Teeth.

I just want to I just want to let these teets out in there.

Nipples are sore.

Comedy nipples, of course.

Comedy nipples.

Yes.

My regular nipples are fine folks at home.

No one says there's nothing funny going on with those.

They are purely speaking metaphorically.

Well, it's you were telling me who the writers are before the show and I won't allow you to say their names on the show.

But you have a really good crew.

This is going to be a good show.

And where is it to be be held?

Is that on HBO or be hold it everyone on HBO or HBO Max?

May 20th is when it comes out.

May 20th.

And can you give us a little tease of what people might see in the first show of you?

You know, is it like what type of thing will we see?

I had a lot of shit talking a lot of partying and a lot of problematic language and behavior.

I think that covers me.

It seems to me like I could just watch the movie Eurotrip for that.

Is that the one I just do that?

Is that Tom Green eats the rat?

I don't remember.

That I think is road trip maybe.

Road trip.

That's the one where they're going across the country to retrieve a sex tape.

Is that right?

Is that really what movies were about back then?

I believe so.

I believe and Tom Green wasn't even on the trip.

He just was meant to stay home and take care of the snake.

Is that correct?

Oh, that's right.

And they probably like filmed a bunch of him doing a bunch of funny stuff and then had him come back for more.

And yeah, no, Eurotrip is Eurotrip is Eurotrip.

I saw it once, but I don't remember anything about it.

But well, this sounds great.

Pause with Sam J.

And you've got to say it that slow out.

May 20.

HBO.

And are they still saying it's not TV, it's HBO?

I haven't heard them say that catchphrase recently.

I don't I don't watch it live.

So maybe that's.

They don't say it around the office.

No, the old water cooler.

The heads of HBO come down and don't call this TV.

You're there with the stars of Game of Thrones and Merrivies Town.

Nobody's brought it up, but I'll ask for sure.

You should try to slip into one show.

By the way, HBO is just TV and see if you get pushback.

Hey, just to be clear.

And I know we're not supposed to, but it's TV.

This is TV.

It's just TV.

I mean, that's all it.

That's all HBO.

It's just TV.

Well, that comes out May 20 and my mama told me is out right now.

You've been doing it about a year because we talked to you less than a year ago and you were about to start it, I believe in the summer.

So you have a good bundle of episodes out there that people can listen to and people can hear those on iHeart.

Langston, can you stick around?

We have to take a break if that's OK.

It'd mean the world to me.

To take a break or to stick around?

To take a break and to stick around.

Both of those things.

OK, great.

Equally meaning the world to you.

When we come back, we have a small business owner and of course we have a former politician coming up.

Very exciting show.

You do not want to miss this.

We will be right back with the very last episode of Comedy Bang Bang in our 11th year.

We will be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang we are back.

We have Langston Kerman here of My Mama Told Me, which is a podcast.

He's very enthusiastic about it.

He just said, yeah.

When I mentioned it.

You bring it up.

I jump with joy.

That's the Langston for the promise.

Hey, either one.

If you see him out there on the street and you say, hey, My Mama Told Me, he'll say, yeah, jump for joy and with joy.

I'll bite you.

You piece of shit.

I'll bite you.

You hate your fan base, don't you?

I fucking hate them.

They're garbage humans.

Well we have to get to our next guest here.

He is, I mentioned he is a small business owner.

This of course is the year of small business owners and business is getting back on its feet better than ever.

We are rebounding and the economy is coming back strong and I of course want to talk to him about that.

He is a liquor store owner.

Please welcome for the first time on the show to Original Fig.

Thanks Scott.

Hey, Scott Langston.

How you doing?

It's nice to be here.

Thanks for having me.

Doing really well.

Great to meet you.

So now Original Fig, that's such an interesting name.

It sort of reminds me of Harry Potter's neighbor, Old Mrs.

Fig.

You ever meet her?

You know, I don't know fake people.

So you don't know, let's list the fake people that you don't know.

Chewbacca?

Don't know.

Okay, who else do we got?

Langston, you got any fake people?

Chevy Chase's character in the Vegas movie.

Don't know.

What about, is Hunter S. Thompson real or is he fake?

He's a real dude, yeah.

He's a real dude, you know him though?

He's passed on.

No, I never met him.

I know who he is though.

Okay.

What about the character from Titanic, the guy who drives around the submarine and talks to the old lady at the end?

Is he real or is he fake?

Rock love it, the treasure on it.

I believe he's a real dude.

Okay, he's real.

Yeah.

But the lady, the old lady fake?

Fake lady.

The lady was fake.

Real dude, fake lady.

Yeah.

Wow.

Fake lady, fake lady.

That was the alternate title for the Aerosmith song, wasn't it?

I think it was the alternate title for Titanic.

Oh, real dude.

And I think like focus groups.

Fake lady, big boat.

Yeah, focus groups are like, you should really highlight the Titanic in this.

That made me the one reason we're going to see it.

Yeah, I don't think because you never talk about the dude being real or lady being fake.

I think you should really leave with Titanic.

It's famous.

It's like a famous boat.

It's probably the most famous boat, isn't it?

We don't think of boats in terms of fame usually, but Titanic, I think, takes the case.

It's probably the same as boat.

It's right up there with like the Jaws boat.

Yeah, what was that called again?

The Orca.

Oh, that's right.

And then they made a movie called Orca, which was a Jaws ripoff.

Yeah, it would kill a whale.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

Killer whales don't even eat people.

Well, you got to get them angry.

And so like, I think what if memory serves, if memory serves, it was Richard Harris, Bo Derek and a third person.

And if memory serves, they were like hunting killer whales and they killed a killer whale baby and then the killer whale mother was like, ah, ah, a killer whale mother never forgets.

Oh, so somehow, even though this thing was in the water and everyone else was on land, they managed to put themselves in situations where this killer whale was chomping down on them.

So John Wick in the water kind of vibe.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Thank you for those.

You guys really left me hanging on that one.

And I won't forgive you for that.

I'm sorry.

I think about it.

I got to say, Richard Harrison, Bo Derek, I don't need a third person.

Too bad.

You got one.

His memory, his name is lost in a mist of time.

Lost in a mist of time.

What a weird day.

Lost to the mist of time.

Oh, no, I didn't say his name was that.

His memory, the memory of him.

Oh, I see.

I understand now.

Well, original fig, what are you?

Now that's out of the way.

Now that we have that covered, what a unique name.

Thank you.

Yeah.

It's it comes from I'm the oldest of five children and we're all named fig in different order, right?

So I was the I was the oldest.

I was original fig.

Were you first named fig and then they had to clarify one another big name?

My parents my parents planned this out.

And so I was originally.

They were playing three dimensional chess.

I mean, is that what they're calling it these days?

Well, I'd like to play a little three dimensional chess.

If you know what I mean, it's like a euphemism for fucking boy.

I don't know.

So then they had that kind of language.

And there was next fig, which is my sister.

Oh, additional fig, which is a little brother.

Okay.

What another one thing.

I'm sorry.

This is where I stop you original because you said they planned this out.

Yeah.

And so they always plan to name this kid what another that's right.

You're all surprised in the planning stages and they decide to roll that over into the naming stage.

My parents got understand my parents were whimsical people and they were like, what did names matter?

It's just some, you know, it's just a way that the establishment can keep track of you.

You know, names are just a thing invented for society to put you in jail.

Yeah, exactly.

And they were, you know, so they were like, I guess they didn't think about how it's going to affect us having these names, but they didn't care.

And so let's okay.

I mean, you seem to have taken to it like an orca to land in that movie.

But don't get that analogy.

Wait, you said he was on land chomping things up.

It doesn't feel good to be left hanging dozen sky.

It feels real bad.

I'm okay.

I'll never forgive you guys.

But I got a question on this Scott.

I want to know how I'm like the orca from the movie orca.

You've taken to it in the same way that this orca in the movie orca seemed to be very comfortable on land.

No, he, okay.

I think there's a fundamental misunderstanding here.

The orca never got on land.

Somehow these people kept putting themselves in a position where they would be near to orca in the water in the water.

So they would go out to the, they would meet the orca.

They wouldn't meet halfway or wouldn't.

No, it's not like, it's not like to work a wood.

Jump up on the beach, like in the shallows and then they'd come out there like, okay, the meeting place has been ordained.

Fight me motherfucker.

He's just on the edge of the beach.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, I didn't see the film.

Let's keep going out and about and, you know, the orca kept falling around and it sent, I mean, eventually like there's just, this was extremely avoidable, I guess as well.

Right.

Well, we don't have to, man is not meant to necessarily go out there into the deep waters.

They should remain unexplored.

There's two worlds and they're, well, three if you count the sky.

So it's like, if you're, if you're a land being, stay on the land.

If you're a water being, stay in the water.

If you're in the sky, I personally, I find it insulting the birds ever touch the ground.

Like I'll give them trees, but they should never be down on the ground.

What are you doing?

It's just, it's, it's in the front.

This has nothing to do with you down here.

Yeah.

If I see a bunch of pigeons in the, in the street and they're like pecking it a bunch of garbage in the gutter, I'm like, what are you doing?

You got the power of flight.

Get up there.

So one thing that I would like them to do is to come down to the ground to take their poops.

They come down to the pavement, take a poop on the pavement and then go back because the whole flying around, you know, the flying around and doing it on our heads, you know, I mean, that's a, but maybe to original's point, they, they just swoop and then they, they don't have to land on the ground.

Exactly.

Just make it show out of it.

Make it show out of it.

You know what I mean?

Sort of hover like a golfer above a T, a golfer with shit legs who's trying to hit better.

I don't think they have to hover.

I think Langston's trying to like be swooped down.

Can you take a poops back quickly?

It takes a minute.

No, I'm not a bird.

Wait, birds are the quickest shitters out of the whole entire animal kingdom.

They're, they're shitting as they're flying.

What do you think they're doing?

That's not to say that they're doing it quickly.

You think they're like a true lies helicopter just like hovering up there?

I don't think flapping their wings as fast as possible.

I don't know that they're necessarily constipated.

I mean, it's pretty, it's pretty runny.

Why are we talking about this?

I don't know.

We're trying to figure out your name.

Well, now you know.

Okay.

So who's, who's the fifth fig?

All right.

So it's me original.

Then there's next.

Then there's additional.

Then there's what?

Another.

And then there's enough already.

Enough already fig.

Yeah.

And that, that of course is the last one.

There could possibly be another.

Yeah.

Well, they did have another child after.

I've been thinking about for a no because it didn't fit into their plan.

Exactly.

They had a plan.

They stuck to it.

Did they name it before they gave the baby up or?

They refused.

Wow.

They refused.

I think that's rude to name the baby if you're giving it up for adoption.

Even if it's up to like five years old.

It's like, you know what I mean?

Let's give somebody else a chance.

But also they stuck to their plan and that's it.

You know, my parents got rest their souls, you know, whatever you want to say about it.

Oh, I'm so sorry they're dead.

Why?

I assume you care about them and I do, but death comes to all things.

Well, certainly, but did it have to come so soon to your parents?

Well, they lived a good long life.

I mean, how long?

They lived to be in their hundreds.

Oh, wow.

Hundreds?

So more than one.

Or within the after a century mark before the after century mark.

After a century mark.

Yeah.

Okay.

So how well I mean, that's not too weird.

I'm 65 years old.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

My parents were long lived.

They lived to be my dad lived to be 112 and my mom lived to be 120.

Whoa, I'm sorry.

And so you were their first child.

That's right.

So you didn't kick in until they had you when they were in their 50s.

That's right.

Okay.

So they each took, they came to, they came to want to be parents late in life because they said, let's live for a while.

Let's let's just be us for a while.

And then after a while, like, oh shit, we're in our 50s.

We better have some babies.

And so they did.

They ingested unbelievable amounts of fertility drugs, both of them.

And they made it happen.

And I would imagine boner pills as well.

Not.

You gotta have some boner pills in there.

Not more for the fun of it.

I have to assume.

Sure.

Well, they weren't, they weren't a thing back then.

Oh, 50 years ago.

Yeah.

And boner pills, I guess.

Mm.

65 years ago.

Oh, I beg your pardon.

Yes.

65 years ago.

So you were born, but you're also right.

50 years ago, they didn't exist as well.

So you were born in 1945?

That's right.

Am I getting the math right?

No, or for 55.

55 probably.

Yeah.

Which is about when Fonzie was ruling over Al's diner and the like.

And he did not have any boner pills when he was.

Oh, he did it all natural.

He was having, he was having flake.

He, he, he would like day triplets.

Remember that?

Yeah.

Without the assistance of boner pills.

Crazy.

What a man.

What a guy.

What a hero.

And none of us know our birthdays.

Our parents forbid us to do birthdays.

They wanted us to choose for ourselves, but I never chose one.

Oh, so you don't celebrate your birthday?

But you know how old you are.

I don't and nobody else does.

Wow.

They gave us a year.

Oh, they gave, they gave you a 365 day window.

That is correct.

Are you one of those people who then does like a birthday year?

Are you like, you know, people do a birthday month, a birthday week?

You're just not celebrating at all.

Are you celebrating constantly?

I don't celebrate at all, but I do celebrate constantly.

Thank you.

High five, high five.

I love life and I'm glad to be alive.

Hey, life loves you by the looks of it.

I mean, you look fantastic.

Your frame is, I mean, you have a hulking bulky frame that is very imposing.

I come from stocky stock, you know, we're all big people, you know, and I think it looks- Was your mother a giantess?

She's pretty tall.

How tall?

I mean, she lived to be 120 years old.

My dad was six, seven.

My mom was a six, five.

And you know, they were a very striking couple.

If you see a photo of them, you'd think like, oh, there's like a, you know, that's a nice couple.

He's tall and she's more petite.

But then you see him in person and some people would- He's scared out of your wit.

Well, some people, you just be overwhelmed.

Like some people, I remember like seeing other kids at school with like look up at them and then they would get so overwhelmed at how big they were, they would fall down.

By fainting or they would just like- They just like lose- They would just lose themselves.

They would- Yes, exactly.

They would lose equilibrium.

That's right.

And they would just sort of fall to the ground.

So your father, six, seven, your mother, six, five, were those two- Once.

Which is the difference between your father not living those extra eight years that your mother lived?

Yeah, I mean, it's like a great thing.

You know what I mean?

Like they got those- They got those great big bodies and yeah, it's just too much.

It's just too much.

Yeah.

Well, this is an incredible story.

I mean, your parents, you said they're whimsical.

They did sound very whimsical, especially for the 50s.

How old are your siblings?

Are they around the same?

Did they have them all?

We're all Irish twins.

So we're all like very close in age.

Okay, so 65, 66, 67, maybe a couple or 67 at the same time.

And then- Nondol is remember.

No, he's the oldie.

He's original.

Whoops, I'm going the wrong way.

You are.

So one of them is the Paul McCartney Special 64.

That's right.

And then backwards from there.

That's exactly right.

You nailed it, Scott.

I'm praying.

Well, certainly there couldn't be a lot to talk about regarding your liquor store.

Oh, that's where you're wrong, my friend.

Well, please, let's talk about it.

I'm sure that's why you came on the show is to rum up a little business.

You know, now that people are kind of emerging from their little caves and so on and so forth, I want to let everyone know that Gethsemane liquor and scratcher is back open from business.

I mean, we never fully closed.

It was just we allowed one person in the store at a time.

And let me tell you something.

During a pandemic, business was booming.

People did not stop buying liquor and off-brand snacks and scratchers.

So we did quite well.

And you know, but I'm glad to be back open fully because as you know, the liquor store is considered the center of the community.

It's where the real discussion happens.

Sure.

People hang out.

It's a hub of the neighborhood.

And I'm glad.

That's why there's been so many television shows based in liquor stores.

Exactly.

There's so many conversations where you just like you lose time at the liquor store.

You go in there for one thing.

You just hang out all day.

Oh, man.

And you don't feel any shame about that.

No.

And the suggestions of your personality or history with alcohol, none of that.

Exactly.

Everyone knows if you want to find it.

If you're looking for somebody you want to find them, go to the liquor store.

So at Kissemony, we're going to be getting back into doing all the community stuff that we like to do because we like to think of ourselves as more than just a liquor store.

We got a lot going on.

Like we're going to be doing, you know, we have entertainment there.

We have a little entertainment set up.

Do you have like a stage or?

We have our aisles all sort of pointing towards this one area in front of there's there's the coolers where the beer are, right?

Where the beer is.

And then in the there's there's two banks of coolers on either side of a blank wall.

And that wall is where is what is our performance area.

Okay.

The aisles are like are like angled.

So it's like the the rays of the sun, you know, and I see.

Not like going into a picture of the sun is like going into a Rite Aid recently where they don't have just symmetrical aisles.

It's like going into a Rite Aid recently.

Yeah, perfect way to put it.

Is that to deter shoplifting?

Why all of the aisles are in weird diagonal angles?

I couldn't tell you why Rite Aid does it.

But for us it's to point towards it's it's the idea that this sort of area radiates out into the store and hopefully the neighborhood.

Okay.

And is this considered adult entertainment?

Are you are you servicing just adults or pornography?

That's what you're asking.

But it is.

I mean, I know when I see it.

It's for grownups, but we we you know, maybe we'll do more more kid friendly stuff.

We got, you know, I that likes and that's good to think about because we could do some puppet shows in there.

I'm pretty sure we could probably build a puppet blind.

And but so far what we got is a little bit more sophisticated, a little bit more earthy.

Like where I I had commission I paid for this myself to have Walt Whitman's leaves of grass printed on scratch off tickets.

So there are what there are nine like different, you know, the things you scratch off.

What are the what is that?

That's like it looks like it's silver and it looks like it's the dust when you scratch it off.

They're like cards and then you get a quarter and you scratch it off.

Oh, right.

So is it printed on the actual silver stuff?

Yeah.

I mean, I usually do with a dime, but you know, you got to get no likes.

You got to go does ridges.

You need those ridges.

So quarter dime, those are your best bets.

Quarter is best because you can you can hold it more easily than any coin.

Sure.

You know, but that's a general circulation.

50 cent piece of course.

50 cent piece.

We is pretty big and exactly is pretty big and it did have the ridges.

They're not as much in circulation anymore.

So is it the bees?

Yeah, Susie bees are great.

But look, we're let's not get bogged down in the Russia.

You could use some usher bucks to scratch the house.

Yeah, I sure box definitely.

I haven't seen what usher box look like.

I think you get the premise based on it.

Are they?

It's not crypto.

It's like a real physical.

Oh, no, he was literally going to strip clubs and giving physical paper.

Oh, that's what I'm saying.

Instead of tipping.

Yes, tipping people with fake money.

Like play money.

Yes, but they would they would appreciate it as a souvenir more than real money.

Yeah, because they're covered in oil and glitter.

That's how that's how money appreciates.

Strippers are doing it for the souvenirs.

Not necessarily the money.

That's right.

That's a passion project for these ladies.

So that's going to be the entirety of leaves and grass, a leaves of grass that's going to be scratched off one line at a time.

We're getting actor Lance Henriksen to do that.

From Millennium?

That's right.

Wow.

From pumpkin head.

And then we're going to do I'm very excited about this security cam drag race.

Now this is open to the entire neighborhood.

Anybody can come in and compete.

You bring in your character.

You bring in your best drag.

Got to have a great name.

And me and the judges will be in the back room watching.

So it's like it's like you're on TV and so watching security cam footage.

That's right of these live queens.

Yeah.

And they're doing a catwalk and everything.

And I'm really looking forward to that.

We got some great judges.

We got Wallace Sean.

From Star Trek Deep Space Nine.

Was he on that?

He played a Ferengue a couple of times.

Oh, a couple of times.

Sure.

That's why I give him that credit.

Certainly not my dinner with Andre.

Here is one of two cast members.

Hey, that's a lot like, you know, the Bodere and Richard Harris to me.

You don't need a third.

You don't need that third.

That's right.

And yeah, so not leaving me hanging.

I will forgive you.

Absolutely.

I just want to make sure you are completely done.

So it'll be me, Wallace Sean and Malia Obama will be the judges.

That's a pretty big poll.

Yeah.

So I'm excited about this sort of programming this season of entertainment at Gethsemane.

Yeah.

Is this summer entertainment or is this for a lot of people?

This will be this summer.

We're going to start this summer.

In the winter, of course, we're going to do the Thanksgiving Passion Play, which is to show the true first Thanksgiving and highlight how...

I didn't know Jesus had anything to do with this.

No, not.

We're using Passion Play poetically.

We're not po- Jesus in the first Thanksgiving.

We're saying it's more the passion of the indigenous peoples of America and how, you know, the pilgrims were not great people, let's say it.

I mean, they were people that were seeking religious freedom to practice the worst form of religion possible.

Yeah.

Are you expecting that this is going to make people buy more alcohol?

Is watching a genocide take place in performance?

I mean, you don't think you're going to need a drink after that?

Do you let people drink during this?

Do you have a license that enables customers to open up their bottles and cans, bottles and cans?

Ironically enough, we do not have a liquor license in that sense.

So you cannot drink in the store.

But let me tell you something.

People go out after that Thanksgiving Passion Play.

People leave with bottles by the arm load.

I mean, you can't...

It's like people are stocking up for a, you know, the nuclear winter.

Wow.

Incredible.

I mean, I wish there was a liquor store like that around me.

I would love to see a little...

I wish there were liquor stores like this all over the place.

And of course, in December, we do the Christmas Carol.

Are you hoping to...

Do you play Scrooge?

Hold on.

Do you play Scrooge in Christmas Carol?

I do not play Scrooge.

I will always play the Ghost of Christmas.

You have to come.

So I'm no actor.

So all I can do is...

Oh, you gotta do his point.

All I can do is point, right?

But we got...

It's a different cast every year.

This year we're very excited.

We got Kelly Cuoco is playing Scrooge.

Kelly Cuoco, we're doing a gender bending.

Scrooge.

Kelly Cuoco is Scrooge.

Uh...

If it's gender bending, then who's playing Tiny Tim?

Tiny Tim is Melissa Roush.

We're doing a lot of people from Big Bang, actually.

Is it a reunion, really?

Yeah, it's an unofficial reunion.

Oh, okay, great.

Yeah.

Wow.

This is, I mean, Langston, you were gonna say?

No, listen, my question was stupid after all of those discoveries.

No such thing.

No such thing as stupid.

I guess I'm wondering if you guys are ever gonna take this bad boy national forever.

Yeah, you're gonna franchise this, yeah.

Or do a tour with the shows, either one of those.

Sure.

That idea, I mean, I like keeping it special for the neighborhood.

And again, at Scott's point, I wish more people would do this, you know?

But I don't want to get into business to franchise in it because I feel like that will take away the purity of it, you know?

And it's it impunes the integrity of the liquor store, which is, of course, the neighborhood hang out where everybody is all day long.

Why did you get into this business?

Is it because you felt that sense of community with the neighborhood or?

I mean, my parents were alcoholic, so, um, this is making sense.

I spent a lot of time and they were like not functional, you know what I mean?

They were crippled by alcoholism.

And they lived a very long life.

They did.

I mean, some ways I feel like they longed for death, but it wouldn't come.

But they would send me to the liquor store a lot, you know, to get them stuff.

And so I just got a feel for it and I felt like, I don't know, maybe it's because my home life was so bad.

I liked being at the liquor store and I would spend a lot of time there.

Yeah, I was I was gonna say maybe you're the one who spends the most time at a liquor store.

And generally, I mean, I'm the liquor store owner.

So of course I'm going to be there.

Well, of course.

But before you ever owned one, I would imagine you were the guy who's kind of hanging around who didn't want to go home, who was striking up conversations with anyone that would come in.

Usually when I go to a liquor store, I am ashamed that I'm there.

Why so?

Because it's part of my habit and I'm a I don't want anyone to see me and they they always cover up your purchases in a brown bag.

So no one knows exactly what you're carrying out.

Everyone knows what it is.

It's it's liquor.

Yeah.

And I'm trying to get in and out as quickly as possible.

Yeah, it's a real quick in and out for me as well.

I've I've never really much community in the liquor store.

That's so strange to me.

Well, yeah, I mean, but it seems like you were Scott.

It's also funny to me that you say like they put it in a brown bag because it's shameful when it's enabling you to drink on the street.

That's the whole purpose of the brown bag.

Well, sure.

Yes.

We're doing it as a service.

It's not as as a scolding.

No, I mean, you're I don't think the liquor store like what I can't even imagine a situation where you would scold every customer who comes in.

Yeah, like here.

What about edgy bevix?

Fucking shame.

Have you ever considered being the ed to bevix of liquor stores?

No, no, I like, you know, those those those those chain restaurants for people like walk and expecting to be abused.

I don't get that at all.

There's one in Seattle.

I think it was called breakfast bitch where you walk in.

They go, welcome, bitch.

And they say, what do you want, bitch?

Oh, they just blow the punchline right up top.

That's that's no good.

It really sounds intentional after a while.

They're saying it actually started to hurt my feelings after a while.

They actually were rude to me of like they called my name and they were like Scott order for Scott.

And there was someone before me whose name was Scott and I looked over at him like, is it you Scott or is it me Scott?

And the guy yelled at me and was like, Hey, bitch, I'm talking to you.

This is your name, isn't it?

I was like, now you're just hurting my feelings intentionally.

This is very aggressive.

Yeah, not to put not to put breakfast bitch on blast, but I know you should.

Breakfast, you're on blast.

You're on blast breakfast, bitch.

How do you like it?

You're a bitch.

You're a whole bitch over there.

Breakfast, bitch.

I mean, I would assume that you would go in there and you get to meet the breakfast, bitch.

I didn't realize they were saying.

They were saying you were the breakfast, bitch.

I thought it was going to be like the queen alien in the movie aliens or something like I would meet the ultimate breakfast, bitch.

What about the board queen?

The board queen, of course.

It'd be nice if the breakfast, bitch went table to table to check on our various bitches underneath, you know, like, yeah, but we're not part of it.

If this was a character like in a puffy mascot costume who like came over and said, and how are my breakfast bitches doing today?

That's what I assumed it was, so I was very surprised to find out that I was the breakfast bit.

Do you use bitches once more waffles or syrup?

Well this is wonderful.

Gethsemane Licker and Scratcher named after, of course, the garden where our dear lord, what did he do in there?

He prayed a lot.

He suffered his agonies.

He cried tears of blood.

That's right.

And Judas came up and gave him a big old smooch.

So unnecessary.

It was like, hey, man, turn me in.

It's so wonderful.

Why do you do that?

Like I know you don't mean it.

You know what I mean?

Don't kiss.

Don't kiss me if you don't mean it.

Is that the most sarcastic kiss on record?

Probably.

I can't think of a more sarcastic kiss.

What about me?

I thought it probably some kisses and family matters where Laura and Steve, you know, there were a few of those that felt sarcastic.

That's true.

An original figure right Godfather too.

That's probably number two.

I know as you Fredo, you broke my heart and any kisses I want to hit.

I thought it was the lips.

I remember being the lips.

It's the mouth.

Was it the lips?

I think it's a little mouth action.

Did you avert your eyes original figs?

It's like incest.

Yeah.

That's why everybody loves that film.

It's like flowers in the attic.

Well everyone go out there.

That's right.

Get 70 liquor in scratch.

All top shelf liquor, all off brand snacks.

And why off brand?

You don't want to enter any of these money.

Of course, to the customer or to yourself.

Everybody.

Everyone saves money.

But why then the top shelf liquor?

You got to treat yourself.

Okay.

I just said, you have a very, I can't tell where you come.

How good is the best beef jerky?

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

You might as well, you might as well save some money.

But if you're going to, if you're going to get fucked up, make it good liquor.

And are you an alcoholic as well?

Like your parents?

Yeah, sure.

I don't think so.

This is what I'm making sure.

And your siblings, are they alcohol?

All of them.

Yeah, we're family right now, right?

Yeah, absolutely.

Okay.

What is this flight?

All right.

Well, we need to take a break.

Great.

Did you see the end?

He cleans up and goes to prison.

No, I think I left after after the hearing.

I was like, my man.

All right.

We need to take a break.

If you guys can stick around, we have a former politician on the show.

So that's exciting.

I'm not sure if you guys are into politics, but we'll be right back with more comedy.

After this.

Come on, bang, bang, bang.

We are back.

We have Langston Kerman of my Mama Told Me podcast and the upcoming Pause with Sam J.

And we also have original fig from, I'm surprised you didn't put the name original fig in your liquor store name because it sounds to me like it's, it's something that would make your liquor store name pop.

It's such an original name.

Original figs liquor.

I wanted people, you know, to be, I didn't want the focus to be on me.

And I also wanted to use a name that was familiar to people.

Yes, so many of course.

It's a garden.

It's a famous garden.

And I think it'll liquor stores a garden.

Well, we have to get to our next guest.

And this is exciting.

I don't believe he's ever been on the show before.

I'm trying to remember if he has.

I don't think so, even when he was a reality television star.

Did we ever have him on the old promotional circuit?

I don't think we have.

This is a first for comedy, bang, bang, just getting in under the wire in our 11th year.

He is a former politician.

He held the office of president of the United States.

I believe he was some in the mid 40s of people to hold that office.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, Donald Trump.

Hello, Scott.

So wonderful to be talking to you on comedy, death ray, which is.

You know, it's such a popular show and everybody loves it so much.

You do such a good job on the show.

And everybody loves it.

And you've lost so many listeners, so many people just stopped tuning in and it's such a shame because it was such a beloved show.

And now you're dealing with this new problem where everybody hates it and you've never had so much support.

I mean, frankly, people just love the show so much.

You're doing so great.

And my God, 12 years with death ray is just so wonderful.

It is incredible.

I thank you for being part of these 11 years here and just being our very last guest right before the anniversary.

Happy to do it.

And so wonderful to be sharing the stage with Reggie.

Reggie, you do such a good job with the soul.

She's Langston.

But when you do the song and I love it so much, you do the drums and you do all the hip hop and it's so wonderful.

And we love you as Mr. Obama on this.

I know I thought that was awesome.

Yeah, I thought you were the best.

I thought you were the best with Barack.

It's a different dude.

But yeah, no, keep going.

But definitely you're in the ballpark, which is if you're a baseball player, that's where you want to be.

We love baseball and we love ballparks.

And when we get together and enjoy our dog and enjoy the summer, I think it's a really beautiful thing that we do in this country in terms of baseball.

Well, wonderful.

This is, by the way, this is original Fig.

He owns a liquor store.

I don't know if you've met, but...

How he's doing?

Original, you're a great American.

We thank you so much for your many votes and for supporting me all these years.

Not sure if you did.

How are you assuming they did?

Were you a supporter of his work?

I got to be honest.

I can't say that I was.

I'm pre-apolitical.

I don't vote.

Never have.

I never will.

That's the way to do it.

I feel like.

You know what I mean?

It's like we just...

Normal people, we shouldn't have opinion.

Just step out of it.

You know what I mean?

Just let it all play out.

Now, what are you up to?

This is one of the rare interviews you've given to...

I wouldn't say that we're a friendly outlet like the ones that you usually go on to.

I'm a long-time listener and a first-time caller, Scott.

You asked to be on the show.

I get to talk to a lot of people.

I love calling into the shows because it saves me the trip of, you know, should I use my Southwest points?

What should I do?

What am I going to eat on the...

They even doing wine on the plane anymore?

Of course, I don't drink it, but I do love to hold it up and look at it in the light plaintively and think about my life.

Sure.

It saves me the hassle just to call in and be sort of, you know, threatening.

Isn't it so wonderful?

I loved it when people would just call it.

You know, the emperor did that when he was doing a big star, whereas the emperor would do that every time.

Frankly, he would call.

He'd never had to leave.

And I thought, oh, it would be so wonderful.

The person who played the emperor or the actual...

Do you mean the emperor would take phone calls in those Star Wars movies?

Well, he used to be a senator, Scott.

And I was very good friends with him when he was a senator.

When he got promoted, we just sort of had a falling out.

I see.

And I didn't get to know him very well.

And then he never leaves his big black tower, and I never got to visit him.

That's too bad.

He had a nasty fall recently.

He had a nasty fall.

He had the electricity coming out of his hands too.

You know what, Mr. Luke was not very kind.

That's a problem.

It's like, hey, if you can't get it, you can't get it.

You can't contain that.

You know, did he want that electricity to come out of his hands?

That's what I could never figure out.

Was he playing it off like, no, I'm glad this is happening.

Yeah, you got to assume there's been a couple of times where he didn't want that coming out.

You know, you got a late night.

You're a little lonely.

And then some electricity shoots out.

That's inconvenient.

Yeah.

I have thought many times about how wonderful it would be to have space powers and do, you know, space magic like some of my friends.

I thought, wouldn't it be wonderful if I could stretch out my hands and they kept going?

Now, see that I don't, I don't agree with your politics, but I do agree with that.

That's right.

It would be wonderful if they just kept going and going and going and going and you just, you know what, it circled the earth.

It would be fantastic.

I think it would be fantastic if I could stretch very far.

They'd go me Mr. Fantastic.

So but what are you up to now?

I mean, obviously you're no longer a politician.

We've put that to bed.

That's a series wrap on you in politics.

So what, what exactly are you up to now?

Excuse me.

It's got, excuse me.

We are doing better work than we've ever done and we've opened up the office and it's just like the office.

I get to look into the camera and say, I just can't believe what the city is saying to me right now.

Can you believe it?

So it's just like office and it's just like that.

And I've got, are you like Jim or are you like, what was the name?

Why does everybody hate Jim?

We love Jim so much.

He was a very good boy.

He really was.

But I'm more of a Roy guy.

You know what I mean?

Roy.

I think Pam.

Keep a lid on it.

Goody.

Keep a lid on it.

He would get upset.

A toxic relationship kind of dude.

Yeah.

I really, I thought Roy had a lot to offer.

Roy could not keep the lid on it.

Basically he lost his mind when he heard about Jim and Pam I thought.

And I didn't like so much with Florida anymore.

So we, we've moved on to a wonderful, wonderful place and I'm so excited to.

Oh, wow.

Where do you live now?

Well, we live in Nashville, Tennessee, music city baby.

We love so much.

Whoa.

I saw my good friend Ben.

I saw Ben and he was wearing a big hat and I said, I want to go where the big hat is.

They took us away.

He had the biggest hat.

I had the chicken that is harder than anything you've ever touched in your life, Scott.

And then they do these chicken tenders with a little, have you had the chicken with the little bones in it?

I didn't know they could do it with the bones, but I had it and it's very hot, Scott.

I'm still thinking about it.

Well, this sounds wonderful.

It sounds like it's a great place to live.

If you like big hats and very hot chicken.

You cannot lie.

No, that's right.

If those two things are true.

What are your plans for, for Nashville?

Do you have, is there a real reason for being there?

Well, you know, you're familiar.

I think you are Mr. Carmel with, in terms of reality shows and I've got a lot of experience with reality shows and I thought, how can I take what we've done?

We did better than I think anybody's ever done, frankly, with the possible exception of, I don't know, John Lennon.

We have done so much with good with president and in terms of all of the political thing.

And I said, how can I expand this out?

I got in touch with Chip and Joanna Gaines and they're starting a wonderful, wonderful channel right now called Magnolia Network on Discovery Plus.

And I said, is there room for Donald?

Could I maybe get on there?

Really?

Are you going to do like a home improvement show?

Well, they, they tried me out for a bunch of the other reality shows and I wanted to see if any of that works.

So I'm married for only you, you had done.

You did pilots?

Well, so the, sort of did like an overall deal.

You know, what do you want to appear on?

I'm going to do it in terms of Discovery Plus.

And I think we, we feel very strongly about Discovery Plus.

It is very competitive.

We all love it.

We love it.

Don't we love Discovery Plus, Scott?

We love our Discovery Plus.

What type of shows are you doing on Discovery Plus?

Well, you know, everybody's going to Italy and oh, I'm going to go to Italy and lick all that.

I don't know.

I'm going to lick on the...

Seems like people are staying away from Italy actually, but okay, go ahead.

You know, Stanley Tucci had to go to Italy and say, this is how I chop up the bread.

You know, Bobby and Jada were in Italy together and I said, I mean, come on, let's be honest there.

They're balling each other.

You know the balling.

I have no opinion on that.

I don't know.

I really don't know.

Jada just wakes up at 10 a.m. she says, I'm going to put on just the hottest outfit you've ever seen and just go egg out with my friend Bobby.

I don't believe it for a minute.

I don't believe it for the story.

Yeah, you're right about that.

So you're going to Italy for with a reality show or?

I wanted to go to Italy and they told me where it was and I thought, well, it's...

I don't remember it being so much with regards to Europe.

It's one of the few boot-shaped countries in the world.

It's famously European.

Yeah.

Well, I...

You know what, when you're in the bathroom, you're European.

And I said, I don't really want to be in a bathroom and I don't want to be a toilet country.

So you're not doing that?

So I said, I'm not going to do Trump and Italy.

I don't think I need to go there and look, oh, that's a big big.

We cooked the pig.

I didn't want to do it.

But I love the food television.

It looks so yummy when you see it on the screen and you don't have to deal with the yucky and all the weird flavors and everything.

But I figured I'm sitting there and I'm looking at the chop stage, which by the way, only half of it's a kitchen and the rest of it is boys running around with cords.

Well, that's still all stage.

So that's what they don't show you on the television, frankly.

Yeah.

I mean, even the Fresh Prince of Bel Air, that's not, you know, half of it is a big fancy house.

La la la la la.

Don't ruin the illusion.

I think you're part of the French Prince.

Do you now remember that Scott?

Oh, I don't remember.

Really?

He was.

Yeah, I had a wonderful time on Fresh Prince.

And now he's doing America's Funniest Home Videos.

I think it's very appropriate for Mr. Alfonso.

Yeah.

I mean, he was started in America's Funniest Videos that were professional.

So why shouldn't he be the one to see what the interesting people related to that?

It never occurred to me that they discount professional videos from America's Funniest Videos because there's a lot of, there's a lot of videos that are hilarious.

Oh, yeah.

What?

They don't allow on the show.

What are they just like, erred kids in the hall sketches?

They're skipping over all of them because of production value.

Fuck you.

Yeah.

Mr. McInneath, Turkey stuck on his head.

That's funnier than anything that America's Funniest Home Videos ever.

Ernest went to camp, goddamn it, put it on the show.

Wow, he places.

He went to camp.

He went to jail.

He got scared stupid.

Ernest was, Ernest was one of our closest friends and we were very, very close with Mr.

Ernest and we'd, we'd fallen out in recent years and we hadn't spoken.

And when it was time to select, you know, running mate, we had to select running mate.

I said, let's go Ernest.

What's better than Ernest?

Yeah.

But unfortunately he's passed on.

Yes.

Yeah.

That's the best on.

He was great reward.

Yeah.

Incredible.

We could have done Ernest.

Ernest does White House.

Wouldn't that have been wonderful?

I mean, I'm surprised it's something that they didn't do.

Has Madea ever gone to the White House?

I was going to say, I think Madea's taken over that.

Why didn't you have Madea as you're running mate?

That would have been something.

You know what?

I love Madea and I love Touch by an Angel, of course, and all of it.

But maybe America wasn't quite ready for a female vice president at that point.

They may not have, I don't think they even watched when Gina Davis did it.

You know, they tried to do Gina Davis with it.

I don't think anybody watched, frankly, in daily only, I think I had one too.

Sure.

Yeah.

They keep trying.

You know, original Fig, I was thinking we have a reality TV entrepreneur here.

Although he's not an entrepreneur, I want to make it clear that we don't have entrepreneurs on the show anymore.

We have small business owners.

But you have so much going on at your liquor store.

It sounds kind of like a TV show to me.

You know, I mean, you have these drag races.

I know, I know.

I mean, what are you proposing here?

I'm proposing that you guys team up here because I mean, you're both very unique original people.

My name is original.

So, just that.

It's very appropriate and you've got the name recognition already.

I think the branding is right behind that original.

I love drag race too.

I filled in for Rue on Drag Race.

Yeah, we haven't said that as an erud yet, I believe.

And as an erud yet, but it's a wonderful episode with AOC as judge and maybe we don't agree on everything.

But I'm saying that you guys could team up together and create something really fast.

I mean, you, original Fig, you have to have a TV show idea in you.

Everyone does.

Of course I do.

And of course, in my desk, there's a pilot I wrote and never showed anybody.

What is this pilot?

No, we got to hear about this pilot.

It's a guy who owns a liquor store.

He solves liquor based crime.

What are liquor based crimes?

People stealing liquor or people using liquor to pour on things to burn them up?

Well, that's two stories right there.

Wow.

You seem surprised like you hadn't thought there would be two stories.

No, I'm telling you.

This is like, I'm not surprised at all.

I see this running for many years.

There's so many crimes you can commit with liquor because of liquor.

Because of liquor.

Is this liquor on the periphery?

Is this sort of like how law and order SVU is all sexual based crimes?

This is just...

Much like SVU is particularly heinous crimes.

My show would be exclusively about crimes involving liquor in some way.

And this is the, our main protagonist is a liquor store owner?

Yeah.

It's like a cross between, you know, a law and order and a murder issue, right?

Right.

And does the liquor store owner have a particular skill set that helps him solve these crimes?

Do you have a particular set of skills?

Sure.

He knows liquor.

So he's able to like come upon a crime scene, taste the body and know what liquor that they...

No, what?

Yeah, you made it weird, Scott.

I mean, tasting a body.

Like I don't mean licking the body.

This is still like rooted in reality.

Yeah, he's tainting the evidence if he's licking it.

What cop is going to let him near a body to like lick it?

Original when they make these shows, they're using a real boy when they're doing their body.

They don't do the real dead body.

So you don't have to worry about that as much.

So they said, does that make you feel better?

I mean, that was not my concern, but I do appreciate the tip.

It's a boy who sits really still and he's very good with death.

He's good with the concept of death or acting it out.

He's good with death.

And I could see a million stories for your little show original.

I think...

Exactly.

For instance...

What do you got?

Yeah, pitch something.

Well, in this guy.

I wanted to try alcohol.

You know, I don't really drink because it was very bad with family and everything.

But I said, I wanted to try it and I gave it a shot and I was very disappointed, very disappointed Mr. Original with what I selected.

That's too bad because I love it.

I love it.

I found a beautiful purple drink.

I said, I love purple drink.

You know, maybe I'll get one with alcohol and liquor in it and beer and everything.

But you like the purple stuff.

And I reached out.

That's called lean.

Well, I picked up a beautiful, beautiful bottle of liquor called Fabuloso.

And it promised that it would scrub me clean and make me feel really happy and really good.

And I drank the whole thing and I don't remember it tasting particularly well.

I don't think this was liquor.

This sounds like cleaning supplies.

I remember when you...

I don't know what to tell you.

It said Fabuloso on it.

Well, original, original fig.

I feel like you have a great pilot.

We have a financer here who has a lot of money.

Maybe we can make a show business deal here.

I don't know.

I mean, they're not drinking.

That's kind of a deal breaker because I will be drinking a lot.

But you don't need the money guy to be not drinking all the time.

But just having somebody around who's not drinking while I'm drinking a lot is like...

Does first in your mellow?

Yeah, it's a real buzz kill.

You want to create a culture for your set.

And it seems like having this guy around who isn't going to be part of the culture.

I want this to be the first six weeks of the Jimmy Kimmel show.

That's exactly right.

And the most recent six weeks, I think.

Probably.

Yeah, he's book-ending.

I want everybody on set drinking cast, crew, everybody.

Visitors to set.

Well, it's not going to be...

It's not a multi-cam.

It's an album.

Oh, I thought this was going to be a multi-cam with an audience.

Why did you do this?

Because that would make it awesome.

Well, frankly, it's a drama with a multi...

Oh, I do like the idea of dramas with a live studio audience.

Occasionally they gasp.

Sometimes people go, oh.

Original, if you want to get it, I can help you get it on Magnolia network.

But Joanna Gaines has to be one of the main characters.

She's looking at the...

What do you think?

She's looking to do a gritty live drama.

Does she drink?

Well, she's Christian, so I'm not sure.

Oh, she drinks.

She drinks.

She's that sort of...

She does.

She's a Christian where I'm from Texas.

Yeah, it's cool.

I'm going to heaven.

Yeah, and she'll let us...

Yeah, you do whatever I want down here.

Yeah.

She'll badmouthed the children walking around and everything.

And all her shiplap on that back splash looks like shit.

She says she's...

Is she familiar with the phrase, it's wine o'clock somewhere?

You know what?

We have pitched a number of Target Women's Department shirts.

And she's full of them.

She knows it's wine o'clock somewhere.

You're going to have to change your own dipi.

Mommy had too much.

We did that one as a gaffdan.

As a captain, a crepe.

Well, original, were you going to star in this?

Or are you just the writer in Creole?

No, again, I'm no actor.

I thought maybe you could.

Just a good to come.

Yeah, dress up like the Christmas yet to come, go see you.

No, no, but I would make a cameo in every episode doing like the master Alfred Hitchcock.

M. Night Shyamalan style.

And I feel like M. Nighty takes it home.

It's a little too far.

Oh, he was humble at first.

And then he really thought he found his legs after a while.

He's the one character from Unbreakable who returned in Split.

So who's going to star?

I mean, it's not going to be Chip, I would imagine.

But you got Joanna.

What's her name?

Joanna Gaines.

She's just a beautiful woman who flips houses and she flips churches.

A lot of people go to this church.

What if we flipped it and it was a beautiful house for two people?

And she's doing great work.

I mean, the main character could be a woman.

It's not, you know, this is not a role that has to be a man.

Wait a minute.

You got Joanna Gaines.

What about Chris Gaines?

AKA Gart Garth Brooks.

Garth Brooks.

But he hasn't been on the scene for a while.

The King of the Suckupach.

He's back.

I love Chris Gaines.

You know what?

I love alter egos more than I like the regular people.

I love Chris Gaines.

I love Sasha Fierce.

I love Sal.

Wester Poindexter.

Slam Shady.

He was a very, very big friend.

Slam Shady.

Love.

Slam Shady.

But this is, I mean, you got Gaines and Gaines.

Gaines and Gaines.

And then the ratings will Gain and Gaines with them.

This is a slam dunk.

This is like a baseball player hitting three triples and ending up on first base with two runs.

Yep.

Wait, what's it?

One player does this?

Yeah.

Well, if three balls are in play.

Three balls.

Three balls into the game.

We think it's a more legitimate sport if there are more balls in play.

It makes baseball more exciting.

It's like pinball.

Yeah, a whole type of ball.

You know, Scott would love for basketball if you tilt the rim sideways.

Ninety degrees.

Not just the rim.

No, everything.

Everything.

But you have something hovering over the basket that tries to knock the shots away?

That's what I'm saying.

Are you saying next type character?

Yes.

I've been saying that for a long time.

Sure.

Well, this sounds great.

I think we got a deal here.

I think this former politician, Donald Trump.

I have not agreed to, but go ahead.

But I think we're close.

He got games and games.

No, where did I ever say that I agreed to this?

But it's interesting that you say I think we got a deal here.

Originally, I want you to agree to this.

And I want you to do this.

I think this is going to be very good for you.

I want a commitment right now.

Okay.

What if I just say yes and then I don't do it?

That would actually be kind of badass, wouldn't it?

That's pretty cool, actually.

That's what I'm going to do.

I would actually like this.

Yes, we have a deal.

Oh, yeah.

We did it.

Next, and we did it.

We fucking did it.

We made a deal.

And we get more money than both of you.

This is sweet.

We finders fees, of course.

You know, that's non-negotiable if the deal doesn't happen or if it does.

I don't remember when used to actually got inserted into the project.

Oh, it just goes to the bank.

It's dancers.

That's a big stated ever, but okay.

We helped fine tune that vision in a way that you couldn't do without us.

Very true.

We're the guys who came up with games and games.

That's true.

All right.

Well, look, guys, we're running out of time.

It's great to have a deal in the books, but we only have one final feature on this show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Hey, everybody.

I got something to say.

It's time to wrap this PSA.

I like kisses.

I like hugs.

Come on, everybody.

Let's do the plugs.

Everybody.

Say no to drugs.

Shake your money.

Do the plugs.

We out.

Ooh, I like it.

That was I Like Kisses by Gold's Golden.

Thank you so much to Gold's Golden for that wonderful plug seam.

I like to say don't do drugs because drugs are bad.

Langston, what do you want to plug here?

Obviously, you have your podcast.

Yes, please listen to my podcast.

It's called my mama told me if you like conspiracy theory and nonsense and black people or any of those things, any combination of it, then please.

I call that the Holy Trinity.

But yeah, listen to that podcast and start watching pause with Sam J on May 20th.

It's great.

Pause with Sam J on May 20th.

All right.

Original thing.

What do you have to plug?

I just want everyone to know that Kissimony, liquor and scratcher will be back open Memorial Day.

So come on down.

Spend a whole day there.

We will be memorializing our fallen dead and also we will be doing soldiers or in the armed forces or do you just mean?

No, everyone who has died and we will also be doing excerpts from Georgia Demco hands Yankee Doodle Dandy.

All right, Donald Trump.

Yes, that's your name.

What do you have to plug here?

Just call me Donald Trump.

We have a wonderful, wonderful show coming up on Magnolia Network.

It's the first one that we've gotten through and I'm so excited that I want everyone to watch the three organizers so you know with Christmas that they had three wise men.

Sure.

So we have the three organizers.

We're going to organize your life.

It takes us like three years to get to your house because we're following God's big star.

But we have like a Marie Kondo kind of thing.

It's a little bit with Marie Kondo, but it's me.

It's you would tell it to for and John Oates and we come to your house and we say, oh, you've got a big bile over here and a big bile over here.

Let's make it beautiful.

Let's put all your books in a beautiful order.

I want to plug.

I have a different show, Freedom, which comes out on Thursdays.

That's myself and a gentleman by the name of Paul F. Tomkins and a gentle woman, a very gentle woman by the name of Lauren Lekes.

So gentle.

And it's just the three of us sitting around talking and playing games and being ourselves.

That comes out on Thursdays.

Anywhere podcasts are sold.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Wow.

Well, when you see something, we're hoping get a rope up and start to twist.

Can you find that people need a little eye?

Yes.

You think I'm crying and you're doing good.

What to do with you?

Get up in there and do what you do.

You got up open up.

Get up in there and do what you do.

I'm in there and do what you do.

Make sure you're stuck on the back.

I said, don't, don't, don't mess around with it.

It's in there and do what you do.

I'm in there and do what you do.

Don't mess around with the back.

Oh my God.

That was some remix.

That was close up the plug bag 2021 by Sidewinder Ansible.

Thank you so much to Sidewinder Ansible for that remix.

And guys, thank you so much for being here.

Langston, always great to see you.

Cool.

Let's keep coming to whoa.

We were saying half the time in between your next episode and then half that and half that.

I'll see you in four and a half months.

Okay.

We'll see you in.

And obviously Donald Trump, it's great to meet you.

Just, well, you know what?

I also want to say you should listen to what things are what things are just my favorite comedy podcast and some little boys.

Talk about what things are what things.

It's really, really good.

Getting some plugs in at the...

Well, I have just been with the world.

I'm here on it a lot and figured I should mention it.

And they're good boys?

They're good boys.

James Osdud Johnson is a very, very good boy in Zachary Pew.

Who's the bad boy?

You need contrast.

Yeah.

You definitely do.

I've heard...

You've called what things are wet things?

Wet things are wet things.

And we find out how we're going to dry all the different things.

And it's a lot of fun.

You're mentioning the orc on there?

You know what?

Joe's is a very good friend and he said that he and I...

We're speaking in recent years and they want to reconnect.

We might be talking to Joanna about that.

I think we could get a crew.

Maybe get Cesar Milan down there to snap at the orcas and say, you know, sit down.

Sure.

A wet snap, that's hard to do.

But if anyone can do it, Cesar Milan can.

Oh, he's the best, isn't he?

And literally we're going to be going through a wet snap at Kissimony Lickering Scratcher starting Memorial Day.

A wet snap, really.

Yeah, that means everybody's going to be drinking all day long.

Okay, great.

So it's starting just on the Monday of that holiday weekend or...

That's right.

I would start a little earlier.

Maybe on Friday.

Nope.

Cesar loved ones.

Finish up at the liquor store.

That's what I say.

Finish up on Monday.

All right, guys.

We'll see you next week for our 12th anniversary episode.

That's going to be a fun one.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.

♪ Okay.
