---
layout: page
title: 704. 12th Anniversary： Jason Mantzoukas, Manchester Orchestra, Andy Daly, Paul F. Tompkins, Jessica McKenna, Tim Baltz, Lily Sullivan, Shaun Diston, Jon Gabrus, Carl Tart, Dan Lippert, Ego Nwodim [d3e11861-3e6d-4b01-8abb-ad1d000e04e0].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Make peace with the fish and chill, grant you a wish.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Mmm.

I like the concept of that, that people out there have beef with fishes, or fish with beefers.

Beefers? Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Thank you to Teenage Grave robber for that catchphrase submission.

Teenage Grave robber. Thank you so much. And what a week it is.

My name is Scott Ockermann and an incredible achievement we have unlocked for this podcast.

We are, this is our 12th anniversary.

We are, I think last week I said we were closing out our 11th year.

No, we have closed out our 12th year and this is the first episode of our 13th year, AKA the 12th anniversary. Wow.

So, yes.

So welcome to the show. Breaking off another 13.

Well, we're breaking off our second 12th.

12th. I don't know.

We're in the middle, of course, of our eighth hundo as we broke off another one, a couple episodes ago with our friend who's here. We have plenty of friends from the show, returning all throughout this episode, plus some other stuff. But I want to introduce him first.

He, of course, is the dink dink man. He is the Hainong man himself.

You know him from the dictator and only from the dictator, please.

Single credit.

Single credit guest here. Please welcome back to the show Jason Manzukas.

Yeah. Happy anniversary, Scott. Wow.

Thank you so much. Who would have thought?

Who would have thought?

Who would have ever thought back in 2009 that this would continue past three weeks, let alone 12 years.

That this scrappy little art upstart that was being broadcast out of a radio station would turn into these closets.

Would turn into us locked in our closets, terrified to see and touch each other.

Jason, thank you so much for being back here on our 12th anniversary episode.

Of course, we covered everything there is to cover the last time you're on a mere episode episode. We got, you know what I was very grateful for? I heard from a lot of people after the last episode that said thank you for not talking about comic books.

Yes. A lot of it. They were so relieved.

They were so grateful that we mentioned it, but that we were not going to get into this.

No, even though we're so relieved about that fact.

Because we could talk about them for hours.

We could talk about them in a private setting, in a professional setting.

The recent moon night run that will most likely be the basis for the Oscar Isaac TV show.

Of course, we read that and discussed it for hours.

We could talk about comics as they relate to also the pop culture that we're digesting.

Oh, of course we could, but we don't want to do it.

But so many people were like, comedy thing.

We don't want that. We hate it.

We hate the concept of it. So thank you for not doing it.

I'm embarrassed that it even came up on this episode.

So thank you for bringing it up so that we can abruptly move on from it.

Yes. Thank you. How are you doing? How do you feel at closing out 12 years of this?

Like you're entering what is commonly known as your bacon, your baker's dozen year.

My bacon dozen years. Your baker's dozen.

Like a baker's dozen is 13.

12 pieces of bacon before every episode.

Yep.

But your bacon's dozen.

You know, I never thought I would get past 10, honestly, because I don't think I've ever done anything in my life that has exceeded 10 years.

So how long have you been married?

Oh, that's right.

And everybody. No, I think that's been 12 as well.

I think we did.

Did you start both that start?

Yeah, I guess you start a marriage.

You can say you started a marriage.

But did you guys get married the same year that you started bang bang or within the same 12 month period?

Yeah, that's right.

But not in the same calendar year.

Yeah.

We got married a few months before this started.

So really the best times in my life have been.

Wow.

Doing the show and married to the widow.

Really?

Really? 12 years a week.

I think the show's gotten better and better, but who knows?

Oh, read the boards.

Tread the boards.

Read the boards.

Hardly.

And you got something.

The immortal bard.

But Jason, we have to introduce some very important guests here.

They are providing musical accompaniments to the episode.

They were on the show four years ago.

I can't believe it was that long ago, but they were on four years ago promoting their previous album. And they are back this week promoting their album, which just came out Friday.

That's that is they made it.

Wow.

They made it a point to make this the hub and the centerpiece of their promotional appearances, if you can believe it.

Wow.

They are here promoting their new record, The Million Masks of God.

Please welcome back to the show, Andy and Robert.

That's right.

Manchester Orchestra is here.

Nice.

Thank you so much for having us.

It is our pleasure.

A big fan of course.

Love them, of course.

Did you guys time the release of this new record?

We did.

To the anniversary.

Yeah.

To the 12th anniversary.

Like we did.

Yeah.

It's been ready for years, but 12 was specific.

We wanted to wait a few.

It feels particularly advantageous to do it now because, you know, you're going to promote on this episode, which is going to be probably the biggest episode of the year.

Biggest episode of the year, undoubtedly.

Yes.

And could very potentially be the biggest accolade for us of the year.

Oh yeah.

So, you know, it's a win-win.

Well, you know, you talk about this being a big accolade and yet, Andy, I go to your Wikipedia page, which is, of course, my primary resource for all research on this.

On this podcast.

And I see a little section by the name of appearances in other media.

Oh yeah.

And I start salivating because I know a comedy bang bang reference is nigh.

And we have television performances.

Late night, later, late show with David Letterman, late night, Koto O'Brien, etc, etc.

Television episodes where you're not even in them, but your songs are just played on them.

Movies, video games, not a mention of comedy bang bang anywhere on the page.

Wow.

What do you say to that?

I'm going to have to tell my mom who edits that page that she needs to kind of get her facts right.

And we'll take it from there.

Oh, this is like, this is so- This is some gacha journalism from Chicago.

Oh, it isn't.

Honestly, this is the only reason I wanted you back.

I mean, I like music and everything, but- Very Fox News of you.

This is very like, lure them in and then be like, no, am I to believe?

No, I am very happy to have you back, but you know, hey, all you Wikipedia, not sleuths necessarily, but all of you Wikipedia bandits out there who like leave and stuff.

I guess bandits take stuff.

Well, Wikipedia Bandit would be more like someone who edits things out of pages, wouldn't they?

I would think so.

They would steal the information from the page.

And not make it publicly available anymore.

I mean, they might fence it to another page.

They might like sell it.

They might sell that information to another page.

Andy Robert, what if you were to make your Wikipedia page?

What if your mom were to edit on to the page in its own section, a comedy bang bang appearance, and then make that an NFT?

Oh, now we're talking.

Yeah.

I'd love to get into NFTs and what they are.

Like, should we be monetizing this episode right now as an NFT?

Yes, I think every episode should be an NFT.

I think, didn't Kings of Leon make their recent band an NFT?

They made the band an NFT.

It's a longer band.

Yeah, it's an NFT.

Yeah, it's insane.

I think they had that sex that they did that was on fire.

That's a good name.

You're saying K-O-L or an NFT?

No longer a band.

He heard it here first.

Conft.

Well, guys, welcome back to the show.

And you're going to be playing songs from your new record all throughout the show.

And the million masks of God tell us a little bit about the record.

I mean, this is a weird time to be releasing a record.

You can't go out on tour, right?

Yeah, it is a bit weird.

I mean, I feel fortunate that we've been able to wait a little bit.

I feel bad for the artists that released things last year and had no way to perform them at all.

Don't feel bad for Hime.

That's all I'm on the ground.

Isn't that the name of a song you're working on?

Don't feel bad for Hime.

Yeah, it's a bit strange, but at a certain point, we finished this album right before everything locked down.

And we were able to spend a really long time mixing it because everything was locked down.

And so you've been sitting on this for a year, which by the way is a song that Jason's been writing as well.

Yeah, I've been sitting on this for a year.

Yes, in a way we have.

So luckily we still really like it.

Every time we kind of listen to it, every few months, we could go like, oh, right, this is still good.

So that was a good sign.

We didn't want to tinker with it anymore.

This is a hardcore Scott album, right?

Yes, yes.

And it's got that it's core for sure.

Yeah.

It's great.

I, of course, it came out on Friday.

And so I've listened to it.

It's about an hour.

So I've listened to it about 72 times since Friday.

So that's so cool.

Wow.

Just on repeat or just have it on a loop?

No sleep all night.

No sleep, of course not.

Who needs to sleep when a new Manchester Orchestra albums up here?

Thank you, man.

That's nice to hear.

It is quite an accomplishment.

And I'm glad you guys still like it because I love it.

And you're going to be playing songs from it here throughout the show.

And it's just the two of you.

It's not the full band, but you guys are in your studio here.

You have looks to be like four guitars up there on the walls.

Yeah, these are the four we own.

You only know a four guitar.

You guys are a professional band.

Third, you've been to the great guitars, you know?

Oh, okay.

Well, you got four that work.

You've got the right, it looks like you've got one acoustic guitar.

Perfect for all the acoustic songs.

Unfortunately, we have two basses up there, which is a horrible investment.

Oh, man.

So you have it looks to be you have 20 strings up there on the wall.

Let's see.

Any 24 or what net six?

Oh, no.

Yeah, you're right.

Two basses.

My goodness.

Well, that's all you need.

I mean, as they said on the Oscars, by the way, Jason, were you excited for those Oscars a week ago?

Oh, boy.

You know, I'm going to be honest, I didn't watch a frame of it.

Well, there was about 30 per second, my dear boy.

I didn't watch them all.

I didn't want it.

As each frame was going past, I didn't watch it.

Oh, wait.

So it was on?

You just had your back to the game.

I didn't watch the first time.

I did not tune into it.

I wasn't interested at all for.

Well, you know, when the dictator got snubbed, I'm sure it was personal for you.

Oh, sure. They'll honor Borat too.

But how about the dictator, full snub job?

Dictator one, of course.

No, I mean, the dictator one, when we were, when we came out, yeah, total snub job, which, you know, I was glad to receive.

Always want to receive a snub job.

Truly one of Oscar's most infamous flubs and snubs.

Absolutely.

But why were we talking about the Oscars?

You asked me if I enjoyed them last week.

Yeah, but what happened before that?

I don't remember.

We were talking about, you were talking about the number of strings on your guitars.

And so I'm from 20 strings to the Oscar.

Were you thinking maybe violins during the Oscars?

Oh, no.

I was thinking of those 12 notes that Mozart had and that John Batiste has.

Yes.

You have eight more strings than notes.

So you guys are in pole position.

Nothing to say about that.

All right.

Not a thing.

Nope.

Nothing.

I'm curious now as you guys are putting this record out, are you thinking of or planning on touring?

Is this a now starting to become a reality?

Yeah.

Did you have a tour planned that you postponed or are you scheduling one now?

We've had numerous stores booked and canceled just trying to get ahead of everything.

And we have a tour that hopefully if people continue to get vaccinated and we can tour safely, we will, but we're not going to announce it until we know we can.

Until every other band has a last one.

So we're at the first one.

Wow.

Well, you guys, yeah, of course.

It's got to be safe out there and you guys are keeping your fans safe.

And that's the one thing that I've always felt listening to all of your records is I feel safe when I listen.

Thank you.

That's exactly what a rock band wants to hear.

It's just a level of safest non-edginess.

I have another question.

Scott, will you read the name, the title of the album again, please?

The title of the album is The Million Masks of God.

Now, is that a direct relate?

Do you guys believe that God has been wearing a COVID mask for the last year?

Is this a...

Oh, yeah.

Are these the...

Has he been wearing a million of them?

I mean, we've all been double masks.

KN95 masks that God is wearing.

We feel so strongly that whatever type of virus God could contain, he would need a million masks in order.

He created it though.

Like, what?

I don't know.

He's a weirdo.

It's complicated.

That's what the album's about.

It's just a strange guy.

Really a strange guy.

He splits himself into three with his son and then a ghost?

Like, he's a little bit of an oddball.

I think that was Halloween.

I think that was just Halloween.

You just had a crazy Halloween one year.

He's like, I've got such a good costume this year.

I'm going to split myself into three.

I'm a ghost so spooky, but I'm also my own son.

God, God.

Ooh, the lush voices.

And he's sexy.

I'm going to be a sexy my son.

Did you just say anti-sexy?

I think you would appreciate that.

Andy, you know what?

Andy, you're very sexy.

And Robert as well.

All right.

Well, guys, so great to have you on.

We'll be playing three stripped down versions of the songs on the new record.

And those are the versions for strippers?

Yes.

We try and just kind of cover every market when we're putting on a record.

You have safe, non-edgy songs for strippers.

And that's exactly right.

That's going on the next pressing of the vinyl, you know?

All right, guys.

Great to have you.

We do need to get to our, I consider.

And again, the name of the album is God wears his mask over his chin, not his mouth.

One million times.

No, again, a strange guy.

We do need to get to our first guest.

And I consider him to be our first guest as you are our musical accompanists.

And Jason, you have strong co-host energy.

But now this is interesting, Jason.

When you were on a few episodes ago, when we closed out that hundo, closed out our seventh hundo, we had this guest on.

Let's just say a plan formed on this episode.

And then something happened that week, and we wanted to talk to him about it.

So please welcome back to the show.

He's a royal watcher.

Please welcome back Byron Deniston.

Hello.

Hello, lads.

How are you?

Am I coming in?

Coming in clearly from London.

All the way from London.

You certainly are from London, and you are coming clearly.

Coming in clearly over the hour waves.

Yes.

You remember Jason, of course.

Of course.

Yes. Hello, Jason.

Yes.

Great to see you again, Byron.

Great to see you.

Thank you so much for making time to join us again.

And this is Robert and Andy from Manchester Orchestra.

Manchester is famously in Sydney, England.

Oh, my goodness.

From Manchester, England, I suppose.

We're Atlanta, Georgia, but very close.

I don't understand.

It's just a hop skipping a jump across the pond.

Manchester, England, the site of an incredibly vibrant movie, I mean, music scene, the Happy Mondays, joy division, like that whole.

Are you on a Wikipedia page right now?

What is going on?

No.

Just saying like the movie 24-hour party people is basically about the Manchester.

Sure.

And Manchester by the Sea, another rocking vibrant movie that has a lot of energy.

Yes, but that's about Manchester in Massachusetts.

Of course.

Yes.

But be not confused.

They are a ban from the States here, so I apologize for that.

But I can't help but be confused, and there's really nothing you can do to clear that.

Hi, beg your pardon.

But you know what I do want to clear up, Byron?

Yes.

You were on the show.

You were on our 700th episode with Jason and I, and we were talking about a plan that we were going to enact that week regarding, of course, what was the plan that the Royals had formula one?

What was it?

It was not called formula one.

No, it was supposed to be planned.

Formula one, funny cards.

Plan one, the Groucho game?

Was that not?

That wasn't, what was it?

Well, gentlemen, gentlemen, I, as so much has happened since we last spoke.

So much has happened, I can't keep it all in my head.

I know.

It's absolutely chaotic.

It's been an insane few weeks here, and there are things, please, when we're done with this episode, will you send it to me so that I can ask you to edit out?

Because I'm just going to tell you what happened, but there are parts of it.

Yeah, we'll edit everything out, don't worry.

Yes, the public should not know, but I'd like, I want, you know, we should talk about it.

Yes, we should, yes.

So this is on the DL.

Let's talk about what actually...

Absolutely.

So as people will no doubt read that.

Should I stop recording?

Yeah, do the opposite of a hit record, Joe.

Great.

Stop recording, Jason.

So as of the last episode, I will make it into the episode.

That joke, I don't know.

I don't know.

I do not.

But this will not, this will not.

Okay.

Yes.

Well, some of it will and some of it will.

That's the point.

I don't wish to edit myself as I go.

But I don't think if you don't mind, you just tell me when to hit record again, and I'll hit record again.

No, I don't know if I can do that.

Just be sure.

It's too complicated.

Just keep recording.

Okay, I'll be able to edit it out.

Okay, we'll do it.

Yeah, we'll do it.

Whatever words you need to redacted, whatever you need.

Okay, so this will be the 12th anniversary episode, redacted version.

Yes, redacted version.

Precisely.

And let's just say that we will.

And I will not forget.

I will not forget to redact it.

Don't forget.

And the full audio will not come out until 50 years after all of us have died.

Oh, wow.

Is this going to be like a time capsule?

Yes, it's like that.

Who's going to be keeping track of when all of us die?

It's not that hard.

It's really 50 years after the last one of us died.

Okay, could it be the first one?

I feel like somehow Sprague, the whisper is going to be keeping track of all of those details.

Yeah, that's true.

He seems to be in charge of like a lot of that information.

All of the canon.

All right, so hit us.

What happened that week?

So as people will remember, I was getting into prosthetic makeup every day to pose as Prince Philip in his final days and lurking around Buckingham Palace, getting scoops and whatnot.

And I had learned that there was going to be a launch into space of all of Europe's royals and an explosion of Earth by wave nuclear missiles to coincide with Tina Turner's induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, which would in fact become Sean Anar's induction into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, because Sean Anar would have taken the stage.

And that was coincidental.

The Sean Anar and Tina Turner of it all, I believe.

The plan was going to be enacted that week, regardless, because the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is still a few weeks away, I believe.

I think one was caused by the other, but regardless.

The points, let's just say that the connections might have been tenuous, but they're there.

Sure, sure.

Oh, they're there if you look for them, definitely.

Yes, yes.

But then we determined that for me to earn a spot on this spaceship with the royals, it would be taking off.

I would need to marry a royal, and I set my sights upon, well, it hardly matters, but the point became what then to do with Prince Philip?

Yes, right.

You know?

And so a person who you had already been impersonating.

And is who you had disposed of many months prior?

Well, yes, and this is one of the things you let it out.

I'm sure that I had murdered Prince Philip several months before and dismembered him, and he's been dead for quite a while, and of course, put his eyes to good use.

Sure.

But strewn the rest of his body across the four corners of the globe.

Yes, never, never, you'd never find him, I thought.

Well, of course, I kept track of where all of his parts were.

You'll hear that.

Yes.

That plays into it.

But all right, so what we decided to do, we formulated a plan, it was mostly Jason's idea of the Scrooge bit, but the idea was, Jason was really into the...

I was not into the Scrooge, but that was the one part I didn't like.

But go ahead.

Well, it came off great, I have to say.

Yes, nearly perfectly.

The idea was that a bunch of bank robbers were going to hit, we settled on Lloyd's bank, ultimately, near the Wall's Cathedral.

Bank robbers dressed as the characters from a Christmas carol were descended upon the bank, which has a safety deposit box, which would be filled with frozen eyes, which would then be spilled out onto the street as the robbers made their escape, and they're heavily armed, and then there would be an intervention by Prince Philip, which would really be me in prosthetic makeup.

If he would be the hero of the day, he would foil the bank robbery, and then just blasted in the face with one of the robber shotguns.

Well, not in the face, because it was going to be squibs under the clothes.

Well, we would have the squibs, but we felt like we needed to do it on the face in order to hide the fact that you had to switch a body and that was not the real Prince Philip.

I know, I know.

This is where things got very complicated.

So this is where?

Yes.

Dalton Wilcox had provided us with another body, which was covered in the same prosthetics, and going to be the same clothes, and there was going to be a body switch at the last moment.

That body was going to be buried as Prince Philip, while I made my way out of the scene.

This is, we missed a real opportunity.

I apologize Byron to say prior to just exactly what you're doing previously on ComedyVay.

That's right.

Well, if only Sprague were here to do that.

I know.

He would have cut together a previously on.

But we, so this is for anybody listening.

These are the events of episode 700.

700.

Yes.

So the best of my recollection.

But here's where things went.

Gentlemen, I'm afraid.

Oh, they were air shaped.

Yeah.

Yes, exactly.

The person who we had hired to play Scrooge in the gang simply didn't show up, but it was fine.

We went ahead with it anyway.

No, we waited for like five whole minutes.

Well, yes.

And I argued for giving him the more traditional 15 minute grace.

But a bank robbery is a moral society.

In show business?

Yes.

You have to be five minutes early, and that means on time.

So the fact that here's five minutes late, I just we just walked away.

I have a question Byron.

Yes.

In setting this up, did you hire bank robbers?

So as to make the bank robbery feel real, or did you hire actors to play bank robbery?

Jason, were you not paying attention this high time?

I wasn't.

I forgot.

What did we do?

We were there every day of this.

We were.

We were part of I so forgot.

Yes.

We wrote the script.

We wrote the episode.

Oh, right.

I'm so sorry.

Damn it.

And so as you know, cut that out, Devin.

I'm not going to redact.

You just redact it.

I demand it.

The rule is if you say I want it redacted, it has to be redacted.

If you want it redacted, it has to be enacted.

Yes.

And so I'm enacting, redacting.

Well, anyway, it was a bunch of actors who had starred in the production of The Christmas Carol.

And we had got this great guy for the Ghost of Christmas yet to come, who all he had to do, you know, in a Christmas Carol, all he does is point it to grave.

He's wearing big long robes.

All he had to do was just show the teller the note.

He didn't have to say anything.

Yes, yes.

But somehow we got this chatty caddy.

Chatty caddy.

We got a chatty caddy actor out there who wanted to like beef up his role or something.

It was crazy.

Well, and of course, they did not realize that they were going to be shot for real.

Right.

Well, that was we didn't tell them.

Dressed as Prince Philip.

And so that ended up being really.

They kept saying like, hey, where are my squibs?

I see Prince Philip has squibs.

Where are my squibs?

And we kept saying like, yeah, I don't worry.

We also told them that the police that were showing up were also actors.

Sure.

Yeah.

And everyone in the bank was an actor.

They would be totally safe and they should feel free to the time.

We had told them actually that we had built an 11 to 10 scale Lloyd's bank around the real bank.

So the whole thing was a set.

So it may be that the Scrooge fellow was suspicious of some of that.

And therefore did not show up the rest of the model.

Can we just say who he was?

It was Patrick Stewart.

Yes.

All right.

Good.

Oh, yes.

You can say that.

Yes.

We were going to kill Patrick Stewart.

Yes.

The plan was to kill Patrick Stewart and everyone else who starred with him.

That didn't start out as the plan.

The plan was to get Prince.

Sure.

Get the public to believe that Prince Philip had been killed.

Foyling a bank robber.

That was just a side benefit.

The benefit on the other side of it was that we could get rid of Picard.

Sure.

Right.

That was just incidentally.

But as it turns out, gentlemen, because there was no Scrooge in the Scrooge gang when the police got to the scene, they saw the dead body of what was meant to be Prince Philip, this body that a dog and Wilcox had arranged.

With the rain tricks.

Yes, yes, yes.

And they assumed that this was the Scrooge and that this was a bad guy.

And then when they determined it was Prince Philip, there was this terrible panic inside Buckingham Palace that Prince Philip had joined a bank robbing squad.

Wow.

As Scrooge to the Scrooge gang.

Now, it didn't help that he was wearing one of those night caps that Scrooge has when he throws open the windows and goes down.

That was a good idea.

That was the real blunder.

Yeah.

Well, because we had thought that perhaps Prince Philip would have heard the gunshots who jumped out of his bed and all that.

We thought that made it more heroic.

That he jumped out of bed just to go down to his bed.

Just to go foil this bank robbery.

Yes.

But instead, it looked like he was, if anything, the ringleader.

Which is a very compelling narrative, I'm sure, that the tabloids picked up within Ranway.

Absolutely.

We've never seen anything like it in London.

This was the greatest clamping down of a news story you have ever seen in England.

You've never seen such a message discipline on the part of the royals or such cooperation on the part of reporters.

Anyone who came within a mile of it was threatened with their lives and ran away.

Probably a kilometer.

We need a kilometer.

Probably.

We need a kilometer.

Anyone who came through this.

That's so polite of you to translate it to the else.

You don't have to say for our sake.

Yeah.

No, I assume that Americans are far too stupid to even understand that word and that it is a unit of measurement.

This was the biggest clampdown on a news story since Princess Di was abducted by aliens, wasn't it?

Yes, exactly.

Exactly.

And even bigger, because apparently you've heard of that.

Well, sir.

Pierce Morgan told me.

I mean, I think the clash wrote a song about it.

Yeah.

About the the the clampdown.

About the clampdown.

Oh, well, anyway.

And also, I thought the law was vaguely about it tangential.

Yep.

Absolutely.

And London calling because they had to.

Yeah.

There was a lot of calling in the city of London.

Long distance calls are very expensive.

That whole song is just.

When people realize that the long distance rates.

Yes.

To space.

Yes.

Well, they put out Buckingham Palace, put out the story that Prince Philip had died peacefully surrounded by family.

And of course, that's what everyone thinks happened.

And I'm furious because all of our wonderful efforts have gone to Notch.

They've been sort of sewn up tight by the palace.

Well, it was unfortunate because we had an airtight plan and we had the branding of the Scrooge gang that was going to be just dynamite and take over the world.

And it was it's unfortunate.

It's unfortunate.

Well, this also really inter like completely interrupts your entire plan to get on that spaceship.

Were you able to go?

Were you able to go to the funeral though and cozy up to one of the royals?

Well, the funeral itself was rather small affair, but there was an after funeral party, which was very it was huge.

Was that in the hotel lobby?

Lobby of Windsor Castle.

Yes.

And it was really it was like a three day bachanal.

Here's where things get only more complicated.

Okay.

If you'll remember Lady Amelia Spencer, right?

She is single right.

Single ready to mingle.

Is she the one that's engaged to the gris?

Yes.

Okay.

Well, this is what we're not when I asked Dalton Wilcox, where did you get the body to swap?

He said, this is the gris.

What?

Yes.

Dalton Wilcox.

And this is one of his own volition.

Well, he came to feel that this was a Dr. Mallet, Mr. Grissell.

Right.

That's right.

And so that's right.

It was his he was duty bound to kill a monster.

Yes.

And so he shot the gris through the heart with a silver bullet.

And just to be safe also shot up in the left thigh because sometimes people are in their heart.

Yeah.

People's hearts can be moved.

Yeah.

Yes.

Wow.

So Gris is gone.

So Lady, what's her name?

Amelia Spencer.

She's, I mean, the gris has dropped off her radar.

So maybe she's ready to party.

The gris is buried in Prince Philip's grave.

Wow.

Public prosthetic makeups.

Wow.

Yes.

That's what's going on.

Crazy.

So how does this affect plan one and you getting there?

Well, now how it affects it is that I, now, I'm trying my best to woo Lady Amelia Spencer.

And to become a new husband.

Well, it's been difficult because she doesn't accept that the gris is gone.

She says, oh, no, that's just the gris.

He disappears for a while, you know.

He goes off that gris.

Yes.

He's that kind of guy.

The gris goes off the gris.

You know, this is typical, this is typical gris biz.

Right.

So she's, you know, I mean, all of my sort of.

There's no grisness like show gris.

Sure.

So, so she's not receptive to your charms as of yet.

No, she keeps saying, I'm engaged.

I'm engaged.

Well, what would the gris say and all this?

Of course, I have this inside information that he's been buried, his dead and buried.

At my point, you just drop this information in her lap and say, look, I know what's really going on and I'm your best bet right now.

That's what I'm trying to figure out at some point.

Yes.

Just take her aside and say, listen, your fiance has been murdered.

Don't just take her aside.

Take her to the grave itself and exhum the body and take off the prosthetics.

You know, you might have to show her.

Oh, that's not just tell show.

I have to bring along some alcohol swabs to get the prosthetics.

That's probably the least of your concerns with exuming the whole body.

Not at all.

Can you imagine?

And also prepare her.

Tell her there's going to be quite a lot of spirit gum you're going to see.

Yes, it is.

And don't worry, we're going to be able to take that off and you'll see the gris underneath.

Could you imagine going through all the effort of exuming the body and digging it up and then being unable to take the prosthetics off and prove what you wish to prove because you didn't bring along alcohol to get the spirit.

Well, if you could, perhaps you could bring like a thermos of drinks, like a slow-gen fizz gris, which is which you could be drinking while you're exuming the grave, you know.

Oh, yes, there would be drinks involved, you know.

This is a nice little date, you know, out there in the cemetery.

This could be romantic.

Yeah.

I suppose so.

I had prompt some closure for her and then boom, you're right there to be the shoulder she cries on.

Next thing you know, you're in outer space.

Yes.

Well, that's fine.

Which is the end game, right?

Being in outer space.

Being in outer space is the end game.

Well, I think the end game is killing Thanos and getting people back from the blip.

Of course, yes.

Well, this is, this is, I mean, when is plan one happening though because it was supposed to happen this week?

Well, yes, it seemed very imminent, but I, I, I, I gather that the funeral rather sort of through things off a bit and, and, and, and now I wonder if perhaps they're, they're considering, they're, they're wondering what will happen with the, um, the rock and roll hold of fame.

You know, oh, so they're waiting for the rock and roll hall of fame to see if Sean Anag legally changes their name and gets to the stage before Tina Turner.

Is that what it is?

Yes, because if in fact, Sean Anag does not make it into the rock and roll hold of fame, then they're in the clear.

Maybe plan one would be called off.

Right.

Well, I mean, this all just depends on, of course, the gris, uh, being gone and the gris.

Someone mentioned my name.

What?

Wait.

Well, well, well.

Oh, no.

Why are they?

Dennis done as I live and breathe.

What?

Who's this then?

Oh, you know it is me, old Shida.

Sir, announce yourself.

Who are you?

It's me.

Degris.

Wait a minute.

How can this be?

We've just been told you were killed.

Don't Wilcox murdered you with a silver bullet to the heart of the leg.

No one kills Degris.

Oh, wait.

So you're unkillable or he just didn't.

Are you some sort of immortal?

How do you?

I mean, I don't think I'm unkillable, but that that blow didn't kill me.

Oh my God.

So you so far, I'm uncannable.

So that was you then with the prosthetics.

Oh, it was me with the prop state.

Wait, so was it also you who was buried in Prince Philip's grave?

Did you have to do?

Were you buried alive?

Not the first time, Deary.

I won't be the last.

Oh my God.

So are you here for revenge?

I'll tell you what I'm here for.

I'm here to defend the love, the honor of my girlfriend, Lady Amelia.

Wow.

This is the shocker.

You did all of this for love.

For love and for sex and for money.

Where's the money coming?

Oh, I guess she's got a lot.

She's a Spencer.

Yes.

Money's not me.

She's a Windsor.

So you know everything you know about the Scrooge gang?

Everything?

I know.

The Scrooge gang's not going to work.

Wait, did you listen to episode 700?

Me and Byron like it.

Any time I'm spoken about, I managed to hear it.

I watched the world with the eyes of little birds.

Well, Grizz, it's a pleasure to have you on the show.

Welcome to Tommy Bennett.

Hey, Grizz.

I'm sorry, be Grizz.

And by the way, I would like to thank you, the Grizz, because I also was against the name the Scrooge gang.

I thought I especially thought it was.

At this point, it's a tie and you're not even part of it anymore, the Grizz.

It's a bit whimsical.

No, I'm not part of it.

And it, am I?

I never once part of it.

This is all a fantasy of your making.

Just so I understand, Dalton Wilcox did shoot you and did cover you in prosthetics to look like Prince Philip and did lay you in the street in front of Lloyd's bank.

And you were buried in Prince Philip's grave, but none of that had killed you and you managed to claw your way out.

Now here you are.

That's right.

You got anyone.

Nobody beats the Grizz.

The Grizz is shocking.

This is a shocking development.

Nobody beats the Grizz.

Are there t-shirts?

Because I'd love to make some t-shirts.

That's gotta be a t-shirt.

Well, the Grizz, this is incredible.

Did you claw your way out of the grave?

What exactly happened?

The easiest thing in the world is to escape from a coffin.

You must be buried underground.

Are you some sort of David Blaine type illusionist?

No.

The guy that goes in a glass box says, I'm gonna go in a glass box for a while.

You have no aspirations to be any kind of magician or...

Why do I don't do for show?

I do it in simple order.

He's too old.

He doesn't have time to be doing magic.

He's engaged to a royal.

He's been raised.

He's been doing nothing but time to do magic once you're engaged to a royal.

Once you're married.

Okay, so you have no time right now.

No time right now, sorry.

No time for magic right now, mates.

I've got to be on it.

I've got to survive to make it to the royal wedding that I'm going to have.

Have you announced your presence?

Have you returned back to your fiancee at this point?

I've been communicating with her through a series of birds.

Through a series of birds.

What series is this?

Do you mean actual birds?

Are you in the sense of like in Game of Thrones?

Like the little street urchins are the gossip network, those little birds.

Both.

The little street urchins carry actual birds.

Wow, looks like a waste of the birds' natural talent to fly.

These birds is all wounded by a dead east end.

They can't fly no more.

Look at this crew prick.

Things birds should just be put to death.

Sumarily executed if they ever get an injury Byron.

What are you the producers of luck but with birds?

You're saying you've written little notes to your fiancee and tied them to the legs of birds who are injured and cannot fly and handed them to street urchins who then carry them to Lady Amelia?

Did I start?

No, you didn't.

Honestly, I think it would be more merciful to kill the birds.

Oh, you would, wouldn't you?

Well, that's you, isn't it?

A posh toff like you.

All you think about is, is it lower than me?

Kill it.

I mean Byron Dennis and I have to say this is like, this is as a royal watcher.

This must be huge news for you, not only that the gris is alive, foiling rinds alive.

But also hearing about like a specific royal method of communication here to for unknown.

Oh, it's not a royal method.

It's a method from the streets.

I'm a commoner, you might say.

Oh, interesting.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

Had no idea.

Gris, oh, you didn't.

No, your accent.

Did all your accent come from Oxbridge, mate?

Your accent is British, so very posh.

The gris, where, where, what's your background?

Where did you come from?

We don't know anything about you.

I come from the ga-ah.

Are you some sort of like Oliver Twist or Fagin style, con artist out there on the streets who's in Gris, Jason and so?

Oliver Twist was not a con artist.

He was an orphan, wasn't he?

And Fagin was not a con artist either.

He was a pickpocket and he ran a ring of little kid pickpockets.

I know, but he was conning anyone.

People were just taking people's wallet.

So would you say, are you a con artist, kind of like a Danny Ocean or, um, or a, I can't remember what Brad Pitt's character's name in the ocean.

But he ate a lot.

He certainly was always eating something.

Sure, I think his name was Shrimp cocktail.

His name was Shrimp cocktail.

It's not a bad name.

Brad Pitt paid a character named Shrimp cocktail.

Arjun's name.

Yeah.

This is my best friend.

This is my best friend cocktail.

Shrimp cocktail.

And that, and, and at precisely 1145 Shrimp cocktail, you're going to move to the Blackjack table.

How long does it take to sing the song God save the Queen?

I mean, Shrimp come from the ocean, so it's not that big of a stretch.

As do we all might, as do we all.

That's true.

So say we all.

Battle star, Galactic.

Oh, are you a sci-fi fan?

I'm sorry for that.

Oh, really?

What's your favorite?

You and S.T.

Any, any, any recommendations I'm looking for something new to watch sci-fi was.

Like seven, of course.

You've got to watch like seven.

Well, okay.

Tarrou.

Yes, Doctor Who.

That's the only sci-fi that really matters, isn't it?

You guys are really getting along.

This we agree, Byron.

That is the most.

Oh, yeah.

Good, good, good.

I mean, do you have a, do you have a, I guess, you don't have a problem with Byron here.

I mean, the guy who, who shot you is Dalton Wilcox, right?

I mean, I've got a problem with Byron.

What's your problem with me?

Dalton Wil, you're full of questions.

Hey, you're Byron.

All I'm trying to do is steal your fiance away.

And if killing you to do it is what's needed.

I'm perfectly willing.

Do you hear yourself, mate?

Do you hear yourself?

You're shouting.

Are you even aware of the feelings?

I can't hear myself that well.

And that's why I do tend to shout sometimes.

Oh.

I do, I do, makes, let me just say, I do have a bit of tonight-ish.

And so I often cannot hear myself that well.

And so sometimes I will speak more loudly than I realize I'm speaking.

So if that does happen, I'd do a long time.

This makes sense of the grit.

So- But there is also anger!

Are you even aware, the gris, of the plan to take you up into space?

Do you even know that that's happening?

And that that's one of the side benefits of marrying a royal?

Are you even aware?

The deed I am aware.

And no one's going to keep me from marrying Lady Amelia and going to space or deep under the ocean or whatever she wants to go.

Because I'm in love with her, and that's the truth.

What are you going to do out in space, the gris?

Oh, those space things?

I mean, I can see- Collect rocks?

Does it sound that exciting?

I don't- It was exciting to me.

It's being by the side of my Lady Love.

Wow, you know what's kind of wonderful about being able to- Because previously we were speaking to Byron a couple of weeks ago.

Previously we got this whole story and I got really wrapped up in Byron surviving the apocalypse on Earth and living in space.

But now that I'm talking to the gris, what I realize at the heart of this is a love story.

At the heart of this is a story about Lady Amelia and the gris, and that their love is true.

Well, he did mention money and- Sure.

Sex.

And money was number three.

And also- That was number one.

Sex was number two, and money was number three.

Yes, for me, space is number one.

You have far enough romantic ranking.

What are you going to do with money out in space?

Are you going to turn it into space box?

By rocks.

That's the answer.

And now here's an interesting question.

So we'll be the- Byron.

Yeah, of course.

Byron, knowing that you had faked Prince Philip's death, using what you believed to be the corpse of the gris.

Yes.

Have you been trying to woo Lady Amelia as a new- A new persona?

A new persona?

Or as Byron.

Or as the gris.

Have you been impersonating the gris, and if so, I'd like to hear how that's going.

Well, no, I have been a new suitor, but rumor has reached my ears that Dalton Wilcox has been impersonating the gris.

The man that he believed he killed to try- Why would he do that?

Because don't you all want the gris out of the way?

We gotta get through- We- Is Dalton a vid?

I have no idea where he is.

Is Dalton around?

Can we- I have been trying to present myself as a new suitor, but Dalton, who believed up and said, well, still believes that he killed the gris, has sort of stepped into his shoes, tried to take his place to marry Lady Amelia.

He literally stepped into my shoes, and you know what's funny?

Is that my shoes is bigger than Dalton Wilcox's shoes?

And so he's had his stuffed newspaper in a toast.

Wow.

It's very funny.

Wow.

You can tell that on his shoe- His feet are- They look ridiculous for his body.

That must infuriate- That must infuriate Dalton Wilcox, because newspapers are usually from the city.

Yeah, you must hate that.

He must hate- He doesn't like this.

He would prefer just manure strewn rags instead of newspapers, but that's all he could get.

Carisine soap shirt.

You know, he equivalent newspapers for cowboys.

His manure strewn rags.

They get delivered on your porch every day.

That- I mean, like they're wanted posters and stuff, should you, the old wets?

All right.

Well, did you see the manure- Did you see the manure soaked rag today?

Yep.

Looks like it's gonna rain.

Well, look, we- Well, this is an astounding development in- It certainly is.

The Byron Dettison story and the Prince Philip story, and unfortunately we have to take a break.

And the Grids story?

Well, the Grids story continues on.

That's perhaps the most astounding development of all.

This, I will say, based on the theme, this is a bit of a Grismus story.

That's true.

I mean, the Scrooge gang is ready.

A Grismus Carol?

Well, we have to take a break, but can you guys stick around?

Is that- Oh, I'll be sticking around.

Okay, wonderful.

I'd like to have a tea later with Lady Amelia, but I can give you a little more time.

Oh, I would like to inform you, your lordship, that day has been canceled.

We'll see, we'll see.

And possibly Dalton Wilcox, if you're listening out there, please call in.

We'd love to hear from you.

Yes, Dalton, if you're listening live, please call in.

I'd love to hear your impression of the Grids.

All right.

I don't think we could possibly- Before we do, Manchester, or August, are you guys ready to play your first song?

Let's do it.

Which one is this?

This is off the new record, the Million Masks of God, and which song are you about to play here?

This song is called Bedhead.

Bedhead!

All right, guys.

Here we go.

This is Manchester Orchestra.

One, two, three, four.

♪ ♪ I'll keep it with your dead ♪ ♪ I'm not alone but your fears ♪ ♪ Exhale and left ♪ ♪ Death notes and talking heads ♪ ♪ Kicking on your dead ♪ ♪ There's blood on the bedhead ♪ ♪ And volumes you left unsaid ♪ ♪ Let them talk and let it happen ♪ ♪ Now I'm afraid you're alone ♪ ♪ Oh my God ♪ ♪ Let me relinquish and start to distinguish my past ♪ ♪ In my time ♪ ♪ You and I all the fire so ♪ ♪ Oh my God ♪ ♪ Let me extinguish the habit ♪ ♪ The sequence, the loss ♪ ♪ In my mind ♪ ♪ And now I believe in the good ♪ ♪ ♪ I'm calling against your skin ♪ ♪ Clutching my nuts at it's all supposed to end like this ♪ ♪ You and I are panicking ♪ ♪ Now I'm afraid of the ghost ♪ ♪ Oh my God ♪ ♪ Let me relinquish and start to distinguish my past ♪ ♪ In my time ♪ ♪ You and I all the fire so ♪ ♪ Oh my God ♪ ♪ Let me extinguish the habit ♪ ♪ The sequence, the loss ♪ ♪ In my mind ♪ ♪ And now I believe ♪ ♪ Right by the entrance you broke ♪ ♪ Finally reality's taking its hold ♪ ♪ You're not who you were ♪ ♪ But you can't let it go ♪ ♪ You're not where you're from ♪ ♪ But you're always alone ♪ ♪ So I stick a flag in the ground ♪ ♪ I think I know who I'm living for now ♪ ♪ I am what I am saying above is the ground ♪ ♪ It's not what I want but I'm figuring it out ♪ ♪ Oh my God ♪ ♪ Let me relinquish and start to distinguish my past ♪ ♪ In my time ♪ ♪ There is only love and fire so ♪ ♪ Oh my God ♪ ♪ Let me extinguish the habit ♪ ♪ The sequence, the loss ♪ ♪ In my mind ♪ ♪ And now I believe in the cold ♪ ♪ ♪ The cold ♪ ♪ ♪ The cold ♪ ♪ ♪ The cold ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ ♪ Very nice! All right guys we're gonna go to a break. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang 12th anniversary episode after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back here 12th anniversary episode and we have Jason Manzukas here of the Massachusetts Manzukas' he said hey yo as a and then left me hanging.

Oh sorry I didn't realize I was gonna move right on yes I'm still here yes he is still here once again happy anniversary and we have of course the band Manchester Orchestra who is here playing songs from their record just came out on Friday the million masks of God hello guys that was a beautiful song bedhead that's the single isn't it it is yes so good thank you so much for being here the an incredible incredible celebration of both music and and people here on comedy bang bang of course this is the show where we talk to interesting people and of course America's nay humanities podcast and our other guests are no exception to humanity we have of course Byron Dennis in here thank you yes I don't consider myself an exception to humanity.

Appreciate that maybe you should Oscar out the gris is here crazy is here nobody beats the gris nobody beats the gris t-shirts in the the Shopify store soon in production of course and uh if we ever get a we hear that zoom chime open up we'll know that uh Dalton Wilcox has called in to the zoom but we do have to get to our next guest she is a park ranger she's one of our uh wonderful park rangers out there in our national parks and last time we talked to her she was up in the St. Louis arch which Byron and Jason we mentioned I believe the last time you were on the show yeah and we'll see what's going on with her now please welcome back to the show Marjorie Kershaw hi Scott thanks for having me happy anniversary one two one two yeah check one two one two here thanks so much for being on the show you remember Jason I don't know if you've ever met Jason I don't think we have ever met it's lovely to meet you Marjorie nice to meet you nice to meet you and of course Byron Dennis in who's from Mary Old England yes indeed hi you know that as Sheriff of Nottingham etc yeah yeah okay great hi nice to meet you pleasure pleasure famous denizens of England I'm lumping you in with I've never been to the St. Louis arch I'm but now I'm excited to visit it now that it's a national park I wouldn't go over simply a thing oh yeah gateway to the west very of course we have the gris here I don't know if you've ever met the gris gris have you ever gone to the St.

Louis arch never been but it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance my nice to meet you well Scott I'm actually not at the arch right now no where what what happened to you I'm at arguably the jewel of the nps yosem park system that's right thank you you're in yosemite I'm I'm here I'm here um didn't get transferred not working here just took my personal time to come out and look at it because you know it's been my dream for a long time and that's where you want to get to that is where I want to get to that's the big show that's the game that's uh I thought you've been called up but no you're just there on that's the big leagues that's the big league that's the arch is kind of triple a baseball and if that well yeah you know I've I've been sort of um I've been making my making a name for myself through some of the lesser parks Jason so I got it I started at Pinnacles in California as I call him the jazz hands of central California then I was moved up to the gates of the arctic least visited park in Alaska dry tortoogas in Florida which is just a big fort then the arch during covid where you couldn't go in the elevator but I'm here on my personal time at well I would say the best park in the crown jewel yeah this is where this is where you want to get but you're just there on PT yep yep and unfortunately Scott I did suffer a mild ankle injury um just as I was going through the south gate at wahwona campground you know I say don't ever take a social trail but there was a gum wrapper I wanted to get and oh no so you bet you what happened you stepped on a pebble or yeah I just took I just took a boy I took a route the wrong way and uh timber did I go just like just like a big old general chamber in Dallas and wonder what it took me down started off great and interesting and then was terrible at the end that's right that's so far my experience here at Old Southgate but you didn't you didn't like the freshest day oh kaloo kalay it didn't work out I chortled with my not joy in this you didn't like to fly away in oh Twas grilling in the slidey toves did oops here I trip I go I have fun praying for lumberjacks to play they'd be like timberton and then suddenly Tim Burton walks in everyone's ducking and trying to get out of the way and instead of a lumberjack it was Edward Scissorhands cutting down the tree that would be funny that would be funny oh well thank you better than the Scrooge gang wait so Marjorie are you like are you down are you like out of commission do you need us to send help oh wow well that are you are you broadcasting from it within the actual park do you need well just barely within the park um you know I didn't make it to tunnel view haven't seen el cap or half dome yet haven't gone on a hike to the cathedral lakes nope just sitting here just can almost see the grove of sequoias just can almost barely glimpse it for where I am but you can't see even an inch of it can you know because you're just still just in the gate you just in just the promise of it makes you happy oh boy oh boy I'm almost there missus is it is it true that Americans drive through trees there oh well not within the actual park drive-through with it within a tree there are drive-through trees but none of those exist within park boundaries is that good for a tree no no certainly not certainly not i mean who cares about living things all of a sudden yeah birds are in trees what do you care about them Byron I like a bird as long as their wings work and they don't snap got a lot of rules just that one so do you need assistance do i have any of the rangers come by and see me there or i've been trying to make some inroads you know i'm i'm i'm connected with all these folks on LinkedIn but um i just sure but are they not refusing well you know Scott i don't want to you know i don't want to i don't want to spill any tea but they are Yosemite park rangers so you know they're they're a bit of you know it's sort of like uh this they're seniors and i'm a freshman you know they're a little bit untouchable okay so if they came by would you even would you even let them know that you were hurt or would you try and be cool and play it off like i have so far i've been trying to keep it very cool yeah have they have they swung by have they driven by you a couple people have driven by say hey do you need me help and i oh no just getting rooted to the ground just trying to you should tell them you're getting rooted to the ground just connecting just you know just trying to reconnect just trying to surf those frequencies how long have you been out there about 18 hours but i have uh i you know always carry water so i'm all right so far and to be clear you're not stuck this is no no no 127 hours type situation you're not about it it's an 18 hours type situation this is just frozen frozen by my own anxiety and pride just trying to make a good impression on the on these Yosemite and how far away are you from the car that you arrived in um so uh well i actually just got dropped off on a bus uh didn't splurge for renting a car you know don't it just trying to make the most of my time out yeah you can't afford that on an elevator operator salary no no no well this is this is terrible but oh no i'm in the park here we're mirror camped with Teddy Roosevelt and said hey hey this is a great idea i mean i'm i'm right there i'm i'm almost at the valley floor that famous john mier quote how far away isn't this a great idea how far away isn't that on a plaque at the open at the beginning of the park the mountains are calling and i must hey ain't this a good idea how far away are you from the gate are you just your feet there's three gates uh so i'm i am just within the south gate at wahona campground so i'm technically in the park just haven't seen any of its more resplendent views but if you were to scooch back even like three feet would i'd be out of the park okay so you just made it right in just there okay well it's a good place to be great oh can't go in and you made it i mean like you really have to like at least acknowledge and honor the victory of having made it into the park thank you so much and i think you know a couple just a little bit more a few more hours of elevating this and uh and i might be able to hobble back over to my tent so i you know i'm i'm and i have i cast in all my sick days all my vacation days so i have i have 12 days i just you know got him it happened on day one wasted one of them yeah well but i gotta give you 12 more days 12 days of christmas all the 12 days of christmas the gree is you're so sweet i can see why she fell in love with you thank you aside from the sex which is number two to you number two love number one that's what he calls giving her the gris is that number one for her by the way i hope so the sex no that oh the love the what are you asking i was wondering what what order it was for she's not satisfied with the six i could really just just let's slit your face by red dennison wow is that the rumor by right i mean she told me that herself she says i can't wait for the gris to get back but not for the sex you lie no it's true they ought to call you liar in dennison whoa whoa that was an amazing slam thank you well uh it's so great to have you back margery i uh if you need help at any point during the show just let me know and i will contact anyone you need me to contact oh that is so kind thank you so much i mean that you are out there in the west you know we know we have agents yes who roam the west comedy bang bang agents out there all through on horseback all throughout the west coast oh perfect on horseback looking for holes in the ground so you know i'm sure there's plenty perfect perfect well i'm pretty near a big boulder so i might just try to hoist myself up a little alex hanold action a little free solo right here just of course just lean back and just that'll change my view that alone are you gonna lean in lean back do all the leans yeah are you next to a garbage can or anything i mean i can only imagine they're right there by the gate i'm i'm pretty close to a garbage can i'm also quite close to you know the little newspaper you can get about things to do in the park that they put in that's one of them what about what about any racks strewn with manure um that was an eye chat is it was part of the problem that your your hiking boots might not have fit and there's shoved full of manure right right you know what you know what everyone says it's important to have a snug fitting boot but i was like prove it and i went i went a size up and yeah it's no good for the slide i wish i had some manure strewn rags to put loose toes search through that garbage can maybe they'd be so much better just so we can fix you his space you're near a big boulder a trash can and a newspaper that's right yeah about uh uh just under a yard within the south gate right you're free you're free slides away from being out of the park and time three adult scoots away from being outside the park well great marjorie thank you so much for making uh the appointment to be on the show i appreciate you all my pleasure yeah i wanted to talk from from the from the crown jewel of course well uh we do we do need to get to our next guest and uh uh he is uh i i forget exactly what state he's from uh he i think he is from uh since in eddie isn't he i can't remember i'm from wisconsin oh yeah you're the sincinaddy playboy no sorry that's because i am redecked that redecked devin redecked has been enacted uh redacted and enacted thank you he has been on the show many times he is uh of course uh uh the guy who says yoyink whenever he steals anything uh please welcome back to the show randy snots well thanks for having me scott and i apologize in advance for the chaos that's about to ensue but what do you mean chaos that's about to ensue i mean yeah okay so i'm here too okay what it's me chorissa chorissa randy snots his girlfriend yes my girlfriend a lot about you chorissa this is great this is what is going on with this show there's a lot of confrontations here yeah i just i have a lot of a bone to pick with you guys big time this is bad with you Jason manzukas or the grizz or not the grizz surely probably scott we're probably with scott ockerman yeah well with all you guys with all his boys with all randy's boys on here she hacked she hacked my email she stole the zoom and she's zoom bombing us right now there was nothing i could do oh she guessed my email password what is your email password the word 69 in lowercase with a hyphen no that's a good idea okay that will throw her up the same i just want to say like i am sick and tired of him coming on here on comedy bangs i think you guys are a really bad influence on him and every time he gets off the podcast he's a different person and i i hate who he becomes after he talks a lot of shit about you chorissa i have to say you're scott scandalous behavior scott please do not do this to me man i don't need to get double cross i like randy when he's at home he's quiet he just sits there what but after he comes on here he comes back home and he thinks he's all head honcho you know big man on campus big man and i see delves well i am be i am bmOC because me and the guys cut a rug and then i'm like i'm empowered and i get home and i'm like i'm not putting up with this anymore yeah so i mean that's the randy that we see we see the randy who talks a lot of shit and talks a lot of smack and says he's not going to put up with you and you're saying well we also see a randy who you know when he talks to us it tells us about the fact that it sounds like you are chorissa manipulating him in a lot of instances emotionally and physically manipulating him does cut does cut a rug still mean the same thing it used to oh no he's quite sure are you a professional rug cutter yeah that's my current job right now and i have a good time at work so i just repurpose that phrase and me i work at yankee handle so i what is a yankee candle oh okay so i help with the smells and all that for the candles what does that mean you help with the smells oh you you help them you smell or you don't sell the candles you help in the development of the scents yeah i help them with the smells so like one of my latest ones is like on the hot bar at Whole Foods oh as a candle as the entire hot bar so everything that would be in the hot bar like chicken tenders and yeah yeah exactly so you know that kind of smell where all the food goes together yeah so it's all very good it's competing pungent smells yeah i can agree both both types of lasagna the meat and the vegan and teriyaki chicken there's often a gumbo in there as well do you have Whole Foods there in England what do they call it there uh the complete ingestibles okay that makes sense the one thing borrowed in i can agree on we love complete complete ingest so i just want to say this is Randy's last time on here he's cut off my favorite Randy he's saying to food dafu it is not my last time on a podcast yeah it is Randy this is it so make make it your best one that counted make account it's impossible for it to be the best one it's an anniversary show i mean it's always voted on pretty high but they're always kind of a cluster book yeah that's true but have you ever voted on one of those yourself you're always like well i gotta put the anniversary one in there so you vote for your own episodes Randy yeah i got burner accounts to spare okay great oh did you get did you get bots to vote yeah i i always buy bots to vote uh like unfortunately that's the world that we live at now you know like everything is being like infested by bots and the russians and okay this is not the Randy that we need like me right here this is what you guys do to him you get them all riled up like this and i just like it when he's at home he sits there he's quiet we watch real housewives New York and he doesn't talk and then he comes down here and he gets all piped up i he comes in piped up i have to say i mean absolutely because look at what my home life is i'm drinking sleepy tea so that i can fall so i can pass out during real housewives how dare you say that you know that that's my show that's my entire identity i don't dare i'm like look you're in front of my boys this is my turf now all right carissa so i'm gonna put you on blast this is the other us to be your boys by the way i've never considered myself to be you know what Randy i'm comfortable saying that i have your back right now as you stand up for yourself oh yeah disgusting i i'm for all people standing up for themselves and wanting to express themselves however they want to express themselves so Randy that includes you but carissa that also includes you this comedy bang bang is an inclusive place where we can all be whoever we want to be no see i think how many banks is really just poison for his brain you guys infected when he comes on here sure it's cult behavior i don't like it i totally disagree i think that this is empowering i come back with wind under my sails ready to call out carissa's deviance and scandalous last though because it sounds like the minute you confront her that she just bats you back down yeah that's true it doesn't last i want i just want us to be you know like my friends back home like like mckenzie and her guy allak you know they they're what they do is they go to different restaurants and they try different wings and i just want to like that with randy are you trying them for the smells or for the taste i'm trying it for both of them but i thought you know we could have our own thing you know like me and Randy you know maybe we could go to different different restaurants and you know try out the bathrooms you know and that could be our thing okay i know the bathrooms try them out and wait like destroy them or you know try them out you know see see if you like them if they're good you know and that will be hard to find marjorie is this triggering you marjorie do you need to go to the restroom right now i can see you're sort of bouncing around in your seat oh me oh i was just uh trying to get my foot free of the root um i'm sorry but actually also really quick um karissa i was wondering have you uh do you have any line of yeah i don't know smells from the park system um i got chlorine oh oh uh just just chlorine because what i love most about yankee candle is like how all the smells have names you know like like is it called chlorine or is it called like summer skin 630 it's called uh it's called uh pool pee because you know that's actually what that chlorine smell is is when chlorine is oh yeah it's not activated until someone actually pees yeah if you're if you're by a pool and you smell chlorine it's because someone is peed in it yeah exactly wait scott is that true yeah very true yeah why do you have a pool at your place no never but uh just made me so sad thinking about on all the pools i've been in in the past that explains why every time i pee in the pool i'm like where's that chlorine smell coming from well uh look randy we hate to not have you on the show anymore but karissa is lowered the boom so it appears this is your last appearance no way absolutely not karissa i'm just going to get a different email and sign in and i'll think of some kind of devious password that you'll never be able to guess like i could guess it right now it's all 69s and then and then 166 damn it whoa that's a good one that's a really good one all 69s so then 666 randy i feel like a lot of times you you come on and and when you leave the show you are ready to break up with karissa like a year in relation we you know and you have for a you know what happens in time yeah yeah what happens that that draws you back in and i can't help but notice and i hope this is okay i'm saying this i know we're all on zoom but it appears as though karissa is wearing an engagement ring no yeah she she puts that on she puts it on and she goes out into the community and she's like randy proposed to me and then i puts me in a position where i'm like no i didn't and i what that well first it puts you in the position where you say defuq yeah i want defuq this is the person i just want people to think of me as engaged because it makes me you know sexier to other people well are you looking for sex from other people so you're looking for that it's not that i'm looking for sex like randy is like my rock like my number one but you know like i do i want to look sexy to other people do i want to look hot yeah number one implies that you're looking for a number two though and a number three and a number four yeah you know you know you don't know you know like i bet randy's got other girls out there absolutely not i'm not trying i mean you're trying to be at home and like have a peaceful time or i'm gonna be out with my boys that's it those are the two the two sides of the same coin for randy snut yeah i mean karissa's a smoke show to me so you know if you're coming at me for like not wanting to be with her you better you're coming incorrect is what's happening how dare you say that how dare you imply that i've got a question for these two loves sure sure randy turn off your audio so you can't hear okay i'm all right here we go karissa explain this all to me how do you rank the following things love sex money put them in a numerical order what you like the best being first and what you like the least being last okay so for sure money first okay for sure does randy have a lot of money no but my dad does my dad is a men factory the cement factory yeah can i add going into space yeah yeah i want to put that in one of the things on the list does that supplant your number one or i think that'd be number two for me i think i'd love to go up there i'd love first money and then going into space yeah and then randy you know he he's good at sex sometimes when he's over you know how often is that though it's so rare yeah but it's good when he's sober i don't know what i mean i don't know what makes it bad when he's what makes it bad when he's not sober is it uh is he he's just you know he's not engaged like you know he's like watching tv and stuff or he's eaten so the things we all do when we're drunk wow you know this really illustrates to us what an unreliable narrator randy has been on his past appearances he really is he's always saying how duplicitous korissa is and how she cheats on him and how she is manipulating him and that this casts a whole new light on things this is really interesting i mean it sounds to me like he's a drunk who's not even good at sex what are our deaths oh hey randy you're back yeah like korissa love what was your final ranking so money first then space then i guess sober sex and then love right okay now randy you've got a rank the following things okay money going into space sex sober sex and drunk sex sober sex slash drunk sash so what what is your order of preference what do you like most to least all right if i had to pick just one i'd say going into space no not just one lacey randy all right sorry you got a rank them okay all right i would pick going into space then i'll pick drunk sex because you get to eat and watch tv at the same time then i would then i would pick money because you could buy whatever food you want or dvd's to watch while you're having drunk no we know what money is used to before yeah uh then i would pick love because it's beautiful and fleeting and then i would pick sober sex because it feels good i mean we have to build this list out because those are top five things like in general it's hard to rig them right yeah so they're all all maybe tied for first for you yeah i guess so yeah wow okay well uh the gris why did you ask this an interesting window into their relationship and why they may have the problems that they have did that clear it up for you no i'm so confused i'm curious i was i didn't mean you love i didn't mean you the gris are you and a lady amelia in couples counseling is this something that you learned in couples counseling or in therapy of some sort i am a couples counselor you are a couple what we didn't know that about you the gris you didn't know that about the gris oh my god i heard you guys was having a big anniversary show i just thought i'd check in and say well who the hell is that who the hell is that my shoes what the goddamn what's going on i killed you you thought you did dorill cocks but nobody beats the gris dang it they told me that when i was going up against you i was you never saw that t-shirt i was specifically warned on three separate occasions nobody beats the gris bless it that that can't be the case i shot you in the heart and the leg that's right but i had a portrait of the queen darlin didn't plate that was stuck right in the jacket and the leg thing was not there was not fatal so you're wounded in the leg yeah it it it it it's okay that that was that was uh that was tough that was tough well well welcome to the show dolton wilcox it's good i know you've got a lot of other guests i was literally just popping in to say hi happy anniversary and you can buy my book uh which one you must buy your wife at least as much jewellery as you buy your horse and other poems and observation tumors and otherwise from a life home arranged by dolton wilcox you pick that up anywhere where there's selling books and even some places where they hate sure what about the sequel book oh the sequel book yeah uh you still have to buy your wife at least as much jewellery as you buy your horse and uh even more poems and additional observations from a life still being lived on the range by dolton wilcox who wrote the first book by dolke elkow yeah and that third one though there is a third one there is a third one i've never seen a cow spot no i've never seen a cowboy eat hummus and wait wait wait wait wait wait no i've never seen a cowboy eat hummus and other foods that cowboys have also not eaten in my presence in addition to poems and observations about living life on the range humor is another wise by dolton wilcox okay very good well uh i'm sorry to surprise you with the presence of the gris here but uh apparently you didn't do the job it's the gris i'm shocked because i swear to god i thought i killed i went all the way to god damn england to kill kill this guy and he this is a real this is the real gris this is not the ghost of grismas past this is the gris no i know that because i'm not asleep but uh i've been you know i've been posing as the gris i've been i've been what i do is i find a rag and i soak it in some manure and i stuff it into his shoes sure and i put those shoes on and then i'm the gris so let's hear a little bit of your gris maybe we we could have a gris off i bet yeah i've been fooling people left and right look here here comes the gris i say oh what i'm an english man and here i am a chip chop cheerio and it's me the gris and i who gets too good it's too good which one of us said that well now that you know the gris is alive are you going to abdicate the role of the gris uh nope i think we'll carry on as two gris's two gris's this is unprecedented heck it'd be only one does does the united kingdom have room for two gris's no he's very small does lady does lady amelia's heart have room for two gris's is another she has four chambers in her heart could you each share why lady amelia is in love with me oh by rindennison as the new suitor she's already in love with the new suitor deeply in love with me and she's in love with me the gris well she's in love with me the gris so she's in love with three people three different people she's got a big heart that girl she can love everyone in the world but she can only take one of us into space it's true i know well well it seems we've got a man just a standoff how are we going to settle this before shanana sends the stage before tina ternor i mean it seems unlikely we're going to settle it in this episode sure we probably don't want to do it in an anniversary episode we want to be like six more people yeah waiting to get in and pay it's going to be really cool it should be in a main episode yeah i'm happy to tell people it's time all right we'll tell you what why don't we uh we're about to go to a break uh how are any of you leaving excuse me while i miss a pill i think uh i think uh yeah i'm gonna i'm gonna go ahead and sign off scott just to maintain a little bit of energy while i still have daylight i understand yeah i'm gonna head up to i'm gonna head up to Yosemite i heard there was a person in trouble oh that would be great could you make sure you go through the south gate um i i could just a little i'm three humans three three human adult scoots in from the gate by a trash can in a big boulder near a newspaper but not just gallop in and if you can scooper off of the ground that would be you know and onto the back of your horse i'm gonna go in the west entry and that's and that's a good choice honestly i get that honestly it's one of the better ones yeah you're gonna have a great approach to the park i'm i'm going down to the south entrance if you like but i'm going in the west absolutely i mean and i and i wouldn't discourage it have a great time enjoy that valley of light thought i'm so great so great to see you uh so long Byron are you sticking around or uh i think yes we're a little while longer okay great okay but the gris you you're gris appearing you had such a good exit or or or brexit i guess gris the gris gris grixit grixit okay grixit all right all right grixit stage left uh randy what are you doing scott uh we're off to argue with each other in the backyard got it okay understood yeah i appreciate this i'll remember every single one of you that sided with chorissa the next time i am on the podcast okay just come up with a new password no all right uh we have so much more show to get to but uh man jester orchestra are you guys ready to play another song yeah let's do it let's do it what do you say uh which one is this going to be of course we just heard bedhead the first single and what uh what are you gonna play here this one is called keel timing keel timing what does that mean it's up for interpretation what does it mean to you no you tell you tell us because you wrote it i would much rather prefer to hear it no i would much rather you just explain it because i don't have the kind of time where i like sift through your lyrics and pick out clues and shit tell you what i feel like this is sort of like a wikipedia thing i think we just go to keel and figure out what that means okay all right um all right well you've grabbed your instruments we're all set to go here we go this is man jester orchestra with keel timing on comedy bang bang so find inside my head i'm a dog yeah the cops i am rolling now don't let them in your bed the lion don't let them in your bed he is lying a little more a little more he is biting i was folding slowly frozen changed feel it wasn't right it wasn't wrong it was whole leave oh i think i'll start again slowly help rearrange my head slowly if i'm a wood then you'll fire in my login i was smoking red light glowing flame for you it wasn't mine but it wasn't wrong it was whole leave so me now no i will not repeat myself so me down no i will not repeat myself oh this is something inside my head it's crawling yes something inside my head it's crawling a little more a little more it's holy i've been coping slowly slipping changed the truth it wasn't right it wasn't wrong it's been the whole leave so me now no i will not repeat myself so me now yeah i built repeat myself this conflict in the constant world now i'm awake and i don't know how oh oh beautiful beautiful beautiful all right let's go to a break we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang we are back 12th anniversary episode so many people left during the break but we're still here of course with Jason manzuk is the j-dog is here so happy to be here Robert and Andy from Manchester Orchestra still here the million masks of god a great album people can listen to i really enjoyed those first two songs you guys played and i'm expecting that's not going to change with the third that we have at the end of the show is that right fingers crossed yeah okay we'll see um did you have you ever written like two songs then been like that's about it i don't think i can write another good one yeah unfortunately yes yeah but we uh a lot of people left during the break but we have someone back here uh who just joined the zoom and uh we were roommates for a little while during the pan uh during the demi and we have stood up more than yeah during the uh disclosure during the demi we were roommates i'm calling it pandy but pandy i like it yeah sort of like designer pandy pandy pandy pandy pandy pandy min de please welcome back to the show i don't know whether he hasn't previously but please welcome back sprig the whisper scottie the ockman how are you scott doing so good sprig so i mean i know i moved out but i miss you bud it's so great to be to my bud the zooks man is here look at the spray i'll be honest i mentioned you earlier at the beginning of the show when people were introduced to who had a lot of back exposition and i said i really needed a previously we ought to be honest break the whisper previously on comedy bang bang well here's the thing i don't think sprig did that i think that might have been a rooted or thing oh whoops you know just for the plans you know look i'll say oh she's character of course is of obsessed with canon so i could see understanding the mix of my since serious apologies that is a reading her i'm so sorry the tv wiki is going crazy right now oh yeah they're constantly trying to update and then delete then update then do we have let me have you ever heard this previously or comedy bang bang no it doesn't work you know what i mean you have such a weak feckless voice it's like a little i'm like a little cock okay i don't know about the well scott i want to answer let me just say scott i am so happy to be here but i'm i'm a little bit sad scott because i know it's the 12th anniversary scott yeah we're closing up the 12th year and we're about to embark upon the 13th oh wait we've done a dozen years and scott i had a gift i was gonna get you a gift and i couldn't get it scott oh no what did you have for me so of course we all know traditionally the 12th year is the year of the pearl scott wow i was hoping for a pearl necklace from yes and yes scott i was going to try to get you some pearls so first of all i googled first thing i did was i was like oh pearls marbles because like i'm not sure such a good one like marbles the kids game yeah like i i remember i was like okay i want to get this guy some pearls but i thought just those just marbles you know so i looked that up and were there any results did you get the bottom of it yes because it immediately says it says we understand why you're asking this question that's what yahoo answers says okay they're very kind that's what it says it says i understand why you're asking this question and well of course you know pearls come from i guess the ocean yeah oyster mouths yeah so i it's okay so this oyster mouth thing i had to really so apparently they collect sand and through the filtering of it they create this pearl i i had a really fun time watching some documentaries about that scott okay just a while i watched a few docs and what looked up some youtube videos there's a lot of time lapse sort of like descriptions of what it might look like for pearl deform but no one really knows it's such a mystery scott it's really well sure that those oysters they have their their mouths closed the whole time yeah and when they open it back up there's a we don't have cameras inside oyster cam i think wait a minute should we figure that out should we figure out an oyster by the way yeah that's that's that's a gapro that's a that's a porn hub search have brother and sister in there and you got dripping milk right now is that oh no we're talking we're talking tang the tangy brine of this salt water on a circle i don't know what was happening before i was all this thing because i know we have the gris here all sorts of stuff was called the gris was able that so anyways i figured out this clis clam thing so that was one thing so that took me a couple days scott and then i was like all right so i got to get some pearls so first of all go to learn how to scuba dive oh sure i i guess if you really want to go from from farm to table with the yeah so i so i went to one of those resorts where they teach you how to scuba dive in the little mini pool you know and they put the thing on me i could not stop having a panic attack scottie oh yeah well it's tough you know i mean to have a self-contained underwater breathing apparatus strapped to you yeah it really is you know it's a lot of machinery and uh and then you know was maybe you know meant to breathe underwater i was gonna say next thing you know you're underwater where it's like yeah that's very dangerous and claustrophobic so right now i'm doing some immersion therapy to figure that out scott but as soon as i figure out how to do that i'm gonna get you some pills you don't need to give me anything but it's going to 12th anniversary i just have i feel like i failed your scott no sbreak you could never fail me as tight as we are scottie i just you know i came here empty handed i don't know what i'm gonna do scott you know what it is you know what i'll do maybe i'll come up with a new podcast idea for oh k i don't know about that that might be something i mean it could be the gift of the podcast i do have to say last week we talked about how i'd never seen space jammy i was listening to that and i go to say there's at least two episodes because there's a lot of space to do we bring it yeah we bring in we bring in Langston me you Langston we watch the two space dev's movies sounds fun all right and we do and i say we do a pod for every 30 minutes all right look i'm easy or you know if it's space jam you should do a pod for every character oh yes we do it and just follow their chronology yes what they're what they're positive why is jam rashemon yes so and so what Marvin the marshes whole experience previous two and then arriving at the game so we understand his whole storyline you know everybody because you know i heard in this next one there's going to be like hundreds of characters from the Warner Brothers ip so we could do episodes from the perspective of the guys from a clock walk orange you know yeah or or Voldemort or Voldemort there's a lot of really weird people in the crowd if you look at the yeah or what about Ellen DeGeneres from her show sure yeah she tapes on the Warner Brothers lot she does wait that's good they could pop out okay she's just yell at all the basketball players okay here's what we do Scott we're writing we're writing space jam three which is the space jam rashemon so we've got a face and three rashemon ninja rashemon ninja and we have to go back and follow every character so we can figure out the timelines and we can sort of do an end game sort of like time travel back into like this was when little money was backstage and is it like a multiverse i think we're doing a multiverse right now i think we're figuring it this is this is a space deal so so you're suggesting space jam is a multiverse yes i'm calling it the jam of verse okay are the kind of anointed at the jam of verse are the characters from the the back and action verse there because you know famously i wrote one joke and loony tunes back in action so well we could bring those in scott we can bring in all the versions of the experience here we can do it we can do it all scott this is great i think all right well sprig this is a good idea i'm glad to have a jason as long as we all are in agreement that peppy the peppy lapu is out no he is cancelled actually what we do is we do an episode where we say we want to talk about this the significance of peppy lapu in this movie and then we do two hours of silence okay great sounds with maybe like in the middle we do like a four hems commercialism can you do two hours of silence i'm not quite sure no scotties i would have to mute that is john cages podcast oh yeah that someone else is poor that's oh yes i can't well spray it this is a you have a deal if we can get Langston Langston's very busy though so i did come with a gift this is great okay yeah brand new podcast idea i got a brand new pond which is got a new room yeah that's really too oh no it's even me wiki's going crazy check sound speeds wait sound speeds check i know i know who is it halal what's happening here it's working scott who is it is this jino yes this is jino lonpado i receive lonpardo you start to far away i am i'm all the way out at hexes state plaque at the end of southern state plockway almost in southern area i am a lot of brand train is that what the setup he wants how do you get that by train how do you get it's that we do the southern state parkway is a highway you get used a car jesus christ what do you comedy bang bang listener on any social media platform any other reference to this character is fine hello scott i'm at a cia black site i'm sorry i had to call you what i'm being deprogrammed what happened to you obviously the last we've heard of you is in your own show the jino lonpardo show there was a really funny final episode that a great guy well uh guest start on yeah that's right i didn't know it was going to be the season finale but you guessed it on the last episode of season two and things got a little hairy i i i gained too much clout i touched a live wire that is the right wing comedy fans i got a taste of the juice of the success and the money and i couldn't get away from it and shit fucking spiral i had fucking scaramooch on the pod that was fun then i get jordan peterson next thing i know my patreon's got 25 000 subscribers and i'm trying to come up with hot takes about how kids need to get shot and shit and i don't even know scott i'm into deep man the money is still done hold on devin we should get this clean so we could put it in before previously on the jino lonpardo podcast and now your voice your voice is too it's feckless i can't do it also isn't that rutie's thing i can't it is what i just do feel like that was a pretty good previously oh we got what we needed so what what what what it's happening right now right now well i don't want to get into too many details but the cia is deprogramming me and i'm sorry i'm a little fuzzy i'm it's day one after my shot so i'm getting a little wait you're just day one on your deprogramming no no they are shooting me up every day with assorted uh i got salt pita yesterday and then truth serum today and then lying serum two days ago i don't know it was it's distilled uh screenplay pages from jim carrie's liar liar oh they figured it out they figured it out they've been in the lab not exactly did i i wish they cracked the liar liar code my goodness i mean jito this is i mean i'm scared for you my brove you should be shittest run right now i i wish i was on the run they got me fucking in a above ground pool filled with cement up to my waist oh so i'm like a centaur where the bottom half and how do you up on ground pool filled with cement how do you do number one's and number two's i'm not positive okay just everyone's a while the above ground pool expands slightly i feel the sensation like it feels like i'm urinating and shitting but i don't i don't feel the relief it's kind of like you know jito i like to crack like in an earthquake or something you're building up a little pressure they have scared for you jito well jino we we need you out of there so you can finally go back to your own show so you can clear up all of your cannon so then you can come back to this show and it's not what didn't that be perfect well if only if only all the things that have happened to me have been previously recorded we could output it in a very easy to listen to serious risk premium oh well we could do a third season of jino lumbardo on stitcher premium explaining what's happened to me in my interim which would allow me to just come back to it and just that's easy to shut down yeah and we wouldn't have to go through all this oh my god yeah no more sports but unfortunately that's not the case that's not the case that's the case sports dudes were great sports dudes i'm a huge fan i was able to get those guys in the cia black site we have stitcher three here the cia was one of the few people to figure it out they love the interface well darlin's on reddit saying that the interface is great look jino thank you so much for being on i mean in making some time for us i really appreciate it okay oh shit all right i have to go hopefully there's some way i'm able to release a third season of the jino lumbardo show that would premiere sometime in what you are calling earth summer okay hopefully we'll see you out there thank you jino bye oh we might need to get that guy at that cannon rehab scott because he's a he's ode over there well uh wow that and incredible did this is just a star-studded episode uh andy and robert what do you think about all that i'm blown away these guys like i said before these guys are these guys are monopolizing too much of the episode yeah i got cut it down just to make it amazing and slowly crying all right well we do need to get to our next guest uh they are coming on together and uh this is interesting i guess they're from the world of sports but i'm not quite sure uh this is the first time they've ever been on the show maybe or maybe they have i i don't quite know all i have is their names here but uh please welcome to the show carls barkley and rabbi bill waltman jalob scott hey loob scott ockerman scott thank you for having me i i show do appreciate it scott i i tell you i don't really do too many uh you know podcasticles and and things like that and i just want to say thank you i'm here with my friend so really truly now you asked me to pronounce your name charles barles barkley yes barles barkley yes well i'm gonna i'm gonna let my friend bill tell you why over the most scott happy to be on comedy bag bag yes what some of my favorite spring the whisper one of the great whispers of all time from love this guy's in one of the yin yang twins to the other of the yin yang twins wow he runs the gamut wow not to mention a man jester orchestra one of the great orchestras time from unknown mortal to do you need more help than previous appearances with completing your analogy I mean sometimes you just get a you know kill a little time with us and arms it's the last sick announcers the trick yeah have you been on the show before or are you new I've been off the show before Scott okay but not in this capacity Carl's and I and by the way Jason man Sukhus one of the great Jason's of all time sure a purveyor of a deli Jason's deli down the street from beyond Oracle Road in Tucson Arizona to Jason more he's more he's more he's one of the great murderers of all time of course of course for a little prolific murderer you forgot to mention the electorate light orchestra thank you thank you I am I am Mr. Blue Guy because I forgot that and I am sad I missed it do you think they're saying Mr. Blue Guy yes mr. Blue Guy please tell us why you had to hide away you're so sad okay all right but what what what is your deal because I don't I'm not quite grasping what what you guys are yeah you guys Jewish now right what we do for every podcast when it reaches its 12th or 13th year the bar or pot mitzvah or as we call it for this one oh I understand now see this is a right of passage thank you allow me to explain Scott so you your podcast is a man now no we thank you Carl's I think Bill actually Rabbi Bill rather explained it I have a question Charles I didn't know you were called when Charles like Halliburd when when when did you convert I didn't know this was a body of personality Charles I'm glad you asked spray goo now okay I like that do I come I converted not too long ago I just I was I was in Miami and I had I was looking for a place that could serve a monster ball suit because I had COVID and okay and I heard that that was the best for it and so I walked to this place and I looked at all the teachings that they had on the menu and the source of where the monster ball suit is not I'm gonna do this here okay and that's exactly what I did I'm a Judas now okay wow and and then Rabbi Bill I didn't realize you were a rabbi I didn't realize you were part of the tribe I became rabbidically ordained when I realized so many podcasts were entering into their manhood or womanhood year and they needed to be welcomed into it yeah are you gonna be on WTF yes I did a bar mark marks the I did a bar mark wait is 13th year and we all we got into it and I wept I wept as a beauty of the occasion and Carl's joined me on that of course we do dual because we're each kind of half Jewish what we know about the religion and put together one full Jew I was there I said mark every time I listen to your show you talk so much about them damn cats at the beginning of the show and I just want to hear I just want to hear the comedian come on and talk about his life I want to hear what David Taylor got to say I don't care about them damn cats mark I want to hear what president Obama got to say we were in there Carl Storlitz Carl's I took that cat I took that cat and I took it right to the zoo because that's what cats are not work as well I can't belong at the zoo sophisticated animals because some cats you know some cats are due belonging to you like that's why well yeah like big cats yeah but I would think if you brought a house cat to the zoo and let it loose that is essentially feeding that cat the larger predator with someone as big as Charles Barkley it's like any cats just like yeah fucking Panther that's like a house cat to me I'm a big guy so I understand the confusion that's exactly why I took the cat I took the cat right to the Panther then right in the Panther then I said listen here now this cat is gonna live with y'all so feed it right and you know do what you got to do I don't know what y'all eat birds turtles something like that oh no so boomers gone boomers definitely not living I probably was with the pants communicates with animals is incredible Charles had away with the Panthers that I've never seen are you guys when you do this are you going to the zoo like off hours like are the gates locked I just step right over to gate me and do just step right over you are not protected against basketball players so that's their one weakness yeah I will do disappearance you've ever heard of was actually a basketball player theft all through history the great snake of the Brooklyn Zoo do of course the murder of Harambe a man rest in peace was killed a whole I feel Russell what huge reveal whoa you know Russell shot that gorilla well guys I'm seeing someone else just came on the zoom I hope you don't mind if I introduce her I don't know anything about this person other than they are an actor but please welcome to the show for the first time Charlotte Hornet hi Scott hi hey so nice to meet you this is spray the whisperer I'm spray super producer of course break the whisper awesome Jason man's you just who you may remember from the dictator it's nice to meet you Charlotte did you also I was in a movie called the dictator oh wow yeah yeah okay yeah spelled the same way it was spelled D I C K T A T E R here we go I'm gonna have to maybe get off I don't know if I could be around for this good I this is gonna get crazy wait what do you just get off when things get crazy here's the thing I'm right now I'm I'm in I'm in sort of a sex addicts anonymous right now and if well this could be true no that would be something I haven't talked to you about but I feel well I don't want to get baby sex at it the entire time we were roommates I never heard you you know getting down or anything like I don't know Nick Lee that might be the case okay okay I don't I don't want the producer to leave I feel like the producer should be here because I want audition for your grand break okay yeah stick around okay no oh yeah this is an audition to be on the podcast yeah yeah I feel like I feel like we should have that more often honestly okay yeah quality control you do you see this is Manchester Orchestra by the way I this is a Robert Nandy they're a band called Manchester Orchestra very nice thing amazing amazing that's awesome and then we have Rabbi Bill Walton and we have Carl's Barkley hello how you doing okay Harls I'm great Harls is this this is not the actual Harls or is this is this a different harls I think I think we figured out that it is these are the people they've just changed their names they because of their conversion to Judaism coming Jewish does not make you not a person anymore sure I want to state that loud and clear we are two full peoples full full of full Judas peoples you're you're one Jewish man and one non-Jewish man put together yes I was standing on top of each other shoulders trying to get into a film wearing a wearing an enormous trench coat like all rabbis do okay yeah this is amazing this is so awesome to be here so excited to be here welcome now you you want to do you how can we yeah did you want me to sleep yeah please okay age my age my sex in my location I realized that people slated their locations that's like a that's like a AOL chat room thing age age I am 31 years old sex yes I know but really what what sex sex yeah well what do you think I am Scott let's play you look there are a lot of guests on the show that I say the wrong thing and I I you know from Andre P newer who to to a judge oh Brown I don't know who any of those people so never heard of them 31 is too old for a later to be on TV okay you get free for a lady to be on the heartless that was crazy take that wow what was so crazy about that did you see a 31 year old little TV and all this hot death and 4k all the wrinkles and things okay okay we're gonna get a little bit of sleep okay Scott you get four guesses to guess what my sex is I I would admit I mean your name Charlotte I would imagine you're a female but I don't know wrong keep going male no keep going do you want me to just tell you I go to get I go to get okay okay spray doggy style no my favorite position is CEO okay anyway any fucking way I'm actually highly experienced in sex so oh okay I don't know that that's gonna come in handy on this show but comedy bang bang it's not a porno it's not a porno podcast you think this is a porno podcast the name would suggest it's a porno podcast guy well when you have people on like like dirty man's Jason man's Lucas I understand the mistake you do I dare you bring I was a man's Lucas do you thought do you not not in quite some time he's talking tang all the time there sure yes and I can understand comedy bang bang the title might give you this the the perception funny porno right yeah hey you know what has there ever been a porn parody of comedy bang bang question mark I don't think there had I don't think it was popular enough on television so I that's too bad I feel like I feel like the producer spray could literally check right now this is something a producer would do you don't the producer of this show never like a producer asked for you so ninja hey Scott Scott can we start that podcast me and you are you talking tang to me unfortunately talking tang is been reserved from Jason man's Lucas but talking tang and drip drip and milk or no it's my podcast this is my kind of podcast talking tang and drip and milk I guess Charlotte here's the question what did you expect to do on sort of an audio pod audio porn podcast is it like yeah is it like faking an orgasm like in when Harry Metzali or a friend experience was that a porn when Harry Metzali I don't know that I guess the title it kind of sounds like a porn when I mean the faking of your gazam was that was porn that was the one pornographic part I'm sure there is a porn version of when Harry Metzali again I feel like this is a really big naked and look here's the thing you know this I work computer you know I got I feel like we could easily check anybody there's so many people on this podcast right now I feel like anybody right now could get on a window and check is there a porno for Harry just open the window and I don't know that we can well did you want audition would it yes what do you want me to do Scotty oh I don't know if I could be around for this quote this is getting I'm sorry I'm sorry I'm here's what I think here's what I think would be a good version of the audition is is you should the the character that you would play would arrive with a funny specific bizarre point of view that would be introduced before any kind of sex happens so there would be so the the audition I suspect would have to do with that that character's unique this is a last class in auditioning for anything you must come in with a specific point of view don't just say the lines have a point of view for your character that's interesting to the people watching thank you Rabbi Bill okay I'm using Rabbi I didn't realize you auditioned for things Bill I thought you were off or only yes I auditioned for help my giant I auditioned for the Billy Crystal roll we might leave you guys for space jam the sequel we're writing I was in the first one oh yes okay you're in my giant they would have had to pick an even more giant person so is that why you didn't get the part well no it's because I refuse to let anyone stand near me on an apple box oh okay okay okay yeah please start your audition Charlotte okay so interesting point of view we haven't also you haven't said my location we know where I am Hollywood baby okay so my being Charlotte home of the Charlotte Hornet no no hornet is my last name it's a pure coincidence and also this isn't my government name I thought this was a porno that's my poor name Charlotte Hornet oh oh yeah my real my real name is my real name is Charlotte Sims so yeah but oh are you one of the Sims are you one of the famous Sims like the video game no Scott that's really she gets comedy and maybe comedy I like people from Pokemon on this show okay I'm here to do a funny porno is everybody ready all right I'm ready yeah go ahead okay point of view is that I walk in I'm a plumber but my pants aren't low wasted I'm wearing high-waisted jeans and I have a belt on so no ass crack okay so walk in who wants to play with me in this I don't know it's can be too I think I think okay see everybody on this podcast is bitch made anybody want to play with me I say y'all say me I already said I was guy good cock okay Chuck Chuck it's me and you all right Chuck it's me and you you call your house cook cuck partly cuck partly got it okay all right so cuck you cut I I come in please stop saying that cuck cuck cuck stop it stop cuck cuck cuck what is this an SNL sketch you know what several months ago this is by the way this is a successful audition this is how you get on comedy back down this is a good idea you're talking up did you say okay great I'm ready ready okay so you called me over because your toilet is clogged okay I am a plumber with high-waisted jeans on and about you initiate and I'll go from there all right excuse me mr. Plumber I took a big old massive dookie in the toilet and I didn't have no toilet paper and so I used the whole piece of t-shirt that I had lying around I'm sorry you had a piece of t-shirt yeah sometimes I like to rip a t-shirt or the two tied around my neck I rip it down the front a little bit and I take a nice little V out and I have one laying around you just IV neck t-shirts girls hold on you not in the scene sorry sorry I thought it was your roommate you all you live with me sure okay well this is my roommate I'm like you know a freeloading part of your okay well okay Scott don't you can show us without telling us and that's improv and that's actually improv yeah so a lot about him she's very good at this because okay I actually studied I actually study at the right citizens brigade the priority of that you go to question here wait we go to question I just had an update I did look for the Harry Met Sally what do we got Harry eight Sally doesn't rhyme with med so that's yeah you know points off for that it should be it should be Harry eight Sally's ass for the millennials what about what about why are you afraid of nine seven eight nine some right right right or it could have been like Harry put his meat on Sally just what to say Charlotte you are hilarious and also very good at sex I will say this I don't know that Charlotte even needs to audition she's like all the concerns she's got the job okay we've got the job if you've got the job but let's just hear a little bit of the scene with you and Carl so because I was all right car all right red leather yellow leather okay all right here go all right I was okay I was taking a big old stanky dookie and I use a piece of a t-shirt you did and then this my roommate his name is Scott Aquaman you may remember him from just shoot me and he won my very Barney photography student one of my favorite actors and he lives with me now because he's falling on hard times and I took him in because I'm a nice guy at what point do I get to chime in I'm sorry please go this is the whole she Carl's is not a very generous you take a look at my toilet shit will you please take a look at my toilet I would love to take a look at your toilet will you come with me yeah come on it's right in her that's spring by the way got so horny he left the zoom he said it was too much for him and that's the power of acting oh my god so I'm someone's in here someone's in here oh shit that's my other roommate Bill Holden come back and look at the scene you can see out back I got the separate tank I pulled it up on the ground so but why is he okay I have so many questions why is he announcing someone's in there as though he's using the bathroom if the toilet is totally cool that's just well Bill likes to take baths and he's right taking a nice song but absolutely he also has steps in salt bath in the shit up bathroom okay got it you like to poop like Tetris where he's like fitting in between the stuff that's already there you know I'm gonna have you turn around okay Carl Barkley and it's cuck with the H in there yeah fuck fuck fuck Barkley he's a Jewish cock we have gone off the rails retired friends there were speaking of rails sir I'm gonna need you to turn around okay I don't get to participate all right going on okay I'm turning I'm turning around what y'all about to do yeah who did you want to turn around both of us everyone turn around okay we're turned around down on your look I would never back to you I guess Bill Wilton has his front to the toilet now I would really appreciate it Bill I really appreciated you but clothes on right now I know what you think this is that you think you're gonna run a train but you're not because I'm the conductor so you're gonna have to exit the bathroom Bill Wow great nominations I've ever experienced I will some for you any day Charlotte Gordon tell me what to do step on me I'll kiss your feet whatever you ask no I actually want you to leave this is not yes yes yes yes yes ma'am no no Bill this isn't a sex thing I need you to leave oh baby I'm out of here thank you so much I was cooking some man do we sausage on the stove can I go check on it sure all right see you Charles I'll take care of the plumber don't worry okay hi hi ma'am okay hi sky so high and it's it's on the last loop as well I didn't see so you want to get out of here as a step into my car dang dong ding dong somebody pizza pizza delivery oh yes I was I was just making some and doing sausage to put on the pizza because I don't want you can order it with pizza now I don't like the sausage I got it that pizza place I have a I have a sausage pizza minus the sausage yeah I don't like it I don't like the sausage it's all got done that pizza place it's nasty I would like to cook my own and doing I put it over I make a cage of pizza can we have two pieces in the car okay your car sounds like a motorcycle first of all yeah it's specialty made no special thing it's not specially made why you don't want my spotlight this is a motorcycle and there's one fucking seat and I'm not getting in here with you I'm gonna fuck one of the guys in this house but you're gonna have to wait about 30 minutes after I eat this pizza because I got to eat these I gotta take these and tasits we I'm so sorry that we were unable to put lactate on the pizza you'll always get some wrong down there and every time that y'all bring me a salad I asked what a salad you always got too many ingredients on the salad yeah we use anything that's left over anything it's about to go bad we just put it in and call it a salad y'all put them big old peppers on a salad yeah any of you assholes care that there is a plumber with high-waisted jeans and a six-inch waist in your house right now ready to fuck we gonna pay your goddamn it we don't get your money you got you ain't fixed to goddamn college any dog we can't tell the toilet fix I was just gonna ask like do you have a restroom I can use no pizza man you can come with me to the bathroom okay okay I would love to know I would love to see seen whoa thank you so much oh comedy that's the that's the okay I think you booked it yeah you're on the show we're not gonna react to this book I'm I a series regular on comedy bang bang you certainly probably right probably recurring I can I can join in now so this is a porn podcast after all because everyone seemed to know what the fuck they were doing you know you're very very adapted at our scene there yeah wow well that you know spray got too horny he had to leave and we are just about running out of time here guys we need to wrap it up but we do have one final feature if you guys are willing to participate and that is of course a little something called plugs. Take your seat. Don't you forget all those sweet little dogs. You can't ask yourself. It's like me from my must be. We see. They were noisy girls. We got to deflection. You come on. They subscribe. I gave a great stand. It's got his body baby. Don't you bother on the sweet little plan.

Oh baby that was the plug habit to in too deep by quiet Wyatt. Thank you so much to quiet Wyatt that was incredible Manchester Orchestra you ever gonna make me a plugs theme or what's going on you guys make these professional songs and you put out records and you never make me a plugs theme. We'll do it. We'll put it on the Wikipedia and we'll make it up to the Wikipedia. I'm still waiting for a song about Hainong man. Yeah no one's ever done Hainong man or the dink dink man or the chronicles of the dink dink man. Yeah Rock Opera you know.

Like like challenge accepted gentlemen. Thank you. What else are you doing during COVID? You made this album a year ago and then have not written a single rock opera since then. I mean you apparently you guys consider God's mask more important than the chronicles of the dink dink. I don't know what's going on with Manchester Orchestra.

Well guys what are you plug in obviously you have the million masks of God which just came out on Friday and people are able to buy it and where do you where if if people were to buy it can they buy it from your website or would you prefer they do it in stores what do you got? Yeah they they can buy it at our website the Manchester Orchestra dot com and do you abdicate all this information to Robert is that what happens here because I remember it's business stuff I drop out. Okay you're you're party in the back Robert you're a business in the front. Okay I was conflicted because you I also want to say support indie retail that's also important go to the store go to your local record store and pick it up and we've been doing signings for different record stores across the country so. Very cool are you gonna be out here in LA at any point doing amoeba records or anything like that. I hope so it's all been you know as you know zoom performances and stuff like that so it'd be nice to eventually get in front of some people. Can I can yes in terms of supporting local stores and local record stores but also to get it on your website that's like truly supporting you guys right. Yes that's the best way to support you the band. That is correct. Yes it is. One of each. One of each yeah buy buy one in indie record store buy one from your website buy one from the Virgin Megastore you know and then just stream it on Spotify and put those in the basement.

And oh you know I heard that Megastore got laid. Oh whoa.

Megastore five.

Throw it down Jason.

With the big joke to close out the box. Watch. Watch. Watch.

Well thank you Manchester Orchestra and you're gonna play one last song for us at the end but before we do that Jason you got anything to plug. I'll plug the my podcast with Paul Sheer and June Diane Rafele called How Did This Get Made which is also right here on the ear wolf network and also I voice one of the characters on the animated show on Amazon called Invincible. Yes very good based based on the Robert Kirkman comic book it's really fun another friend of the show everybody to check it out yes our good friend Robert Kirkman Bobby Kirk's Bobby Kirk's as we call him all the time that's a great show Invincible you can get that on Amazon. All right let's see Rabbi Bill Walton what do you got to plug here. I suppose I would rather have my hair be lit on fire then be lowered into a tub of ice water. Oh that's what you this is not would you rather unfortunately.

Oh excuse me. You always get that wrong. My favorite part of getting it wrong is the moment where you have literally no idea what's going on. I've caught on this your fourth time I've finally caught on to what's going on.

But of course you're a fan of certain podcasts I know. Go to big grande website.com to see the group big grande's podcasts you can get a limited edition podcast directly from the group much like buying records directly from the band or you can go to patreon.com slash you're the man now dog for an improv and conversation podcast. Wonderful. All right. Carl's Barkley what do you have to plug here.

Yeah I want to talk about that piece of plays that came by the house.

I'm putting those big big ass peppers on the pizza because they're only good sometimes but I also how are they to know which times they're good and which times you don't like them though. It depends on what type of dressing they use.

I tell you dressing is pretty good at a ranch. Those are two I like. All right.

Other than that go to patreon.com slash the flagrant ones.

That's basketball podcast and they got some other stuff on there too. So listen to that.

Listen to that. Yeah. All right. Very good. And Charlotte Hornet.

What do you have to plug here? Okay. Well not too much. I'm gonna be a series regular on comedy bang bang. Okay. Porno podcast. I guess we're going from humanity podcast into the porno podcast. Yeah. I'll beat you to this Scott. My second time meeting you. Perhaps people could watch a comedy program that comes on late Saturdays is called Saturday Night Live but Scott has said it should be potentially called Sunday morning is on Sunday morning which is just it's bad advertising. It should be one third Saturday night two-third Saturday morning live live Sunday Sunday morning. That should be the whole time. That should be the whole time. It should just be is Saturday into Sunday night morning live.

Or like hey thanks for watching live. Yeah. Yeah. Just like the only two real days of the weekend live whatever. You mean that's right.

We could pitch if you want to kind of are like only virgins watch this show because everyone else is out fucking. How about Sunday night live. But everyone who might be on the show is definitely fucking as well. Okay well that's good to know. I know this just in the cast of Saturday live is having sex with people.

Wow. Well I want to plug a three dumb is my other podcast that I do with Paul F. Tomkins and Lauren Lapkiss that comes out on Thursdays that's just the three of us sitting around and talking and playing games. That's fun.

All right let's close up the old plug bag.

That's Ben and ratio. Do you guys want to try something? Do you guys want to maybe try to sing something here? Open this. If you see something open get a rope up and start to twist and you find that to get in the little I miss. You think you're crying next. You know what to do. Get up in there and do what you do. You got up up and up the club bag. Open it up. Open up the club bag. Make sure you got eyes again.

Don't mess around with it. Make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around with it. Don't make sure you don't mess around.

I see you dancing at the disco deck. Wow that was exceptional. That was why can't we plug friends by chicken plug-its. That was great. Thank you so much to chicken plug-its for that. Guys I want to thank you so much. Jason, it's so great to have you on. I appreciate you. Thanks so much. Congratulations.

Happy anniversary. Of course.

And Harls and Rabbi Bill I don't know whether we ever really solidified what your deal was but I appreciate you being here. Oh we'll be back.

And you know thanks to our previous guests as well. We have The Grizz and of course Byron Dennisin and Sprague and Marjorie and Randy and Carissa. I don't think I'm forgetting anyone. Dalton Wilcox. Dalton Wilcox of course and I want to thank our new friends. We have Charlotte Hornet here. Thank you so much for being here. Hi thanks so much. Oh it's so it's pretty late to say hi. Thank you though.

Appreciate it. And the very last thing we have to do here is Manchester Orchestra.

Are you guys ready to play another song? We are. Thank you so much for having us.

It's amazing. It's our pleasure to have you one of my favorite bands. Thank you so much. And what is this song that you're about to play here?

This one is called Telepath. Telepath is this about someone you know a relative or it's about three generations of sort of the same couple. Okay oh interesting all right. Got it.

I'm not sure if that was the serious answer or yes. Oh my leg. I was actually the previous there. Sorry about that. Okay. Oh no that's all right. People can be everyone has been deadly serious on this episode. All right let's hear it.

You guys have your instruments. Okay great. Here we go.

This is Manchester Orchestra with Telepath. One two three four.

Let my mind you are an old empty apartment. Sitting on your mother's table next to you sir.

Carving out our names and to each piece of wood and concrete. Total out our navel vibe, baby. You can now my soul.

Baby do you want me? Baby do you want me? Baby do you want me? No no no.

In your mind this is a new and glorious moment. You ain't never gonna let nobody take that light again.

Everyone I know is slowly falling in the ocean. I don't want to be the next to know I never learn to swim.

Baby do you love me? Baby do you love me? Baby do you love me? No no no.

In my mind you are the road I chose to travel. Might as well have been the very last thing I decide.

Half the time I lost afraid did you just borrow. Don't matter much to me man I'm not afraid to die.

Baby are you with me? Do you forgive me? You're the one I want you want now when I'm old.

When I'm full. When I'm full.

Oh wonderful. Amazing. Amazing. Guys thank you so much for being here. We'll see you next week for the beginning of our 13th year.

We'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye.

Bye.
