---
layout: page
title: 705. Bob Odenkirk, Lily Sullivan, Griffin Newman [139b351c-9590-4958-9c1b-ad24001c6569].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Hello neighbor, hello friend, come hither and hear about my grisly end.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, boy, chilling.

And that was a little early for something so morbid and macabre.

But thank you to Side of Mcgee for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

And unfortunately, I don't believe it's going to stick.

I don't believe that will be our permanent one, but we are ever on the hunt for that permanent catchphrase.

And welcome to the show.

This is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We are mid-May, we are definitely not in hump week of May.

That'll be next week.

But we are certainly in the throes of May.

And we have a wonderful show.

By the way, my name is Scott Ockermann if you're confused about that point.

And we have a wonderful show.

We have a social media expert coming up a little later.

And we also have a disruptor.

Whoa, I hope this show doesn't get disrupted.

Boy, I wanted to go smoothly.

But apparently someone is going to try to make it all go off the rails like a retired train.

I hope not.

Wow, that'll be interesting.

We also have an actor coming up right about now.

Why don't we get to us?

Is that what I am now?

Yeah, I believe so.

You used to be more of a writer and a boss and a mentor to me, but now you're an actor.

And he has all of that and a bag of chips.

He's munching on a bag of chips if you heard the rustling during the theme song.

He's my old boss from the Mr. Show Days, but you probably don't know him that way.

You probably know him more as the star of I, Cal Sal, and he was in a breaking...

Little women.

A story of a father.

I let out such a huge laugh when you walked in and little women, not because of your performance, but I'd forgotten you were in it and I was like, it's Bob.

I was happy to see you, but he is the aforementioned Bob.

Please welcome back to the show Bob Odenkirk.

Hello.

Hi, Scott.

How are you guys?

So now Bob, you're in New York for what reason?

Oh, I have a break from shooting Better Call Saul season six, our final and amazing, powerful season.

It's going to take a long time to shoot and we had a little break and I took it to come to New York and see.

You wanted to see Saturday Night Live, right?

Yes, I wanted to finally see the show that everyone's been talking about for 40 years.

Forty-five years?

Yeah, so long that people have been talking about it and I've never seen it.

I don't know what they do there.

I have no idea how it works.

I don't watch a show until I know how it works first.

Sure.

Now that's you're the same way, right?

I mean, you're the same way, right?

No, I was just- You don't just willy-nilly put the TV on.

No, I was watching Bridgerton the other day because I figured out exactly all of the camera angles and I learned all of the names of the grips.

Right.

I was like, okay, now I feel comfortable.

Ground up.

I mean, these people who just put the TV on and you know- What are they doing?

I don't get it.

Well, they don't know what they're watching.

They have no idea what they're watching.

It's like trying to show an iPhone to a caveman.

They can't understand it, right?

Right.

I guess they're distracted by it, but they can't begin to understand.

Actually thinking about it, I think if you showed an iPhone to a caveman, they would pick it up in five minutes.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, they do, right.

You know what I mean?

Oh, so this communicates with the other person and then the, oh, okay.

And if I press this bar, okay.

Yeah, I got it.

Bob, are you all right?

Are you joking?

I'm choking myself.

Oh, yeah.

That's your big auto erotic asphyxiation is, aren't you?

Not for erotic reasons.

No.

You're a non-erotic asphyxiation is.

It's actually good exercise.

It's the new way.

I don't know if you know.

It hasn't gotten to your part of LA yet, obviously, Scott.

Sure.

But as self asphyxiation exercise is the best way to go because your muscles are deprived of oxygen and therefore they have to work triple harder.

So in five minutes, you can get the workout done that you would have gotten in 25 minutes.

But so anyway, all you have to do is just choke yourself and let yourself technically die for about 120 seconds.

And it makes perfect sense.

And then you go to the cryogenic machine and get yourself frozen.

And then you feel like a million bucks.

You feel like a...

All the with inflation, boy, a million dollars doesn't go quite as far as it used to if you know what I mean.

That's why you need to do more exercise than you do.

You need to feel like $10 million just to feel like $1 million these days.

That's right.

Speaking of, look, you mentioned two things that I want to follow up on.

You mentioned Better Call Saul, which is for those of you who don't know, it's a television show appearing on the AMC networks, which you just...

Spritically.

Yeah, sure.

No, if you turn on AMC, it's not just going to be there.

You have to turn on on the right times.

And we do new seasons every two years, so...

Sure, yeah.

It is a prequel and you're trying to end up looking younger than when you first start did Breaking Bad, which is...

First thing I said to Vincent Peter when they said, we're thinking about making the show and they meant it.

I said, you know, I'm 50 years old and keep that in mind and they just totally blew that off.

Yeah, they don't listen.

They don't care.

You know what I think?

They assume the audience doesn't really care and I think it's true.

I think the audience...

They're obviously people who pointed out, but most people are like, I don't care.

You're telling me a story, just tell me the story.

Just tell me the story.

I'm not going to look at your old face while you tell me the story.

It's what we're saying, though, Scott.

It's like people don't, they don't do the homework on their TV shows.

They don't find out how they're made, where they're made.

Look up the ages of every single actor.

Where was it shot?

I will watch it.

First, I'm going to visit all the locations we shot it.

Sure, so that I know every single place, so I have the geography in my head.

Well, I get very confused whenever they switch to a different angle.

I'm like, oh, what is this?

I was just looking at this guy now.

I'm trying to tell them don't switch angles.

Don't do it.

The directors want to do that.

It's a flashy thing that they've got.

I'm a purist when it comes to cinema.

I like the train coming right at me and I get scared and I run out of the theater and I scream that we're all going to die.

That's what I like when I go to the movies.

Yeah, and I like the original movies.

There's a great short, I think is probably the most evocative and dramatic.

It's a men leaving a factory.

It's about three minutes long.

He really leaves all of life is in there.

You think at some point he's going to go back into the factory and he never does.

The men.

It's a bunch of men leaving a factory, but yes.

You don't want to one of them turns back and goes in unless you rewind it backwards.

Which you do not want to do.

Everything went downhill after that.

Yeah, it really does.

But better call Saul being within that downhill trend with cinema and television.

When you were on the show before, Bob, you did us a big favor and you gave away the end to Breaking Bad.

I'm going to ask you to do it again.

Can you just tell us what happens in the final episode of Better Call Saul?

The character has evolved and he's gained a new maturity as self-awareness.

In the final scene, I'll be making a perfect cinnabon and I'll win an award from Cinnabon.

Whoa, from the actual company?

They know how to make them.

Yeah, in the end, the show, as you know, is about cinnabons and how they're made and the people who make them.

That's the first scene.

You have to bookend everything.

And then we'll end with that and he'll make that perfect cinnabon and his life will come back into color and he'll get that award from the main office.

He will not get, he's a manager already and he will remain a manager.

Has he become a district manager?

No, the pride that he gets from making that cinnabon with just the right amount of sugar and margarine is, I think it just completes everything about Breaking Bad led to this.

You know what I mean?

Sure, of course.

Breaking Bad was really about this one character's desire and I don't think a cinnabon is a cinnabon.

It's a metaphor.

What it is, a cinnabon as well.

I was going to say it's a metaphor for a cinnamon roll.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

Now, is our Vincent Peter going to go back into the early Breaking Bad episodes?

A cinnabon?

How I'd insert a cinnabon into your hands digitally in one of these episodes just so it really makes all the sense?

Yes.

And I don't know how you got that leaked.

I don't know how that leaked out.

Yeah, I saw it.

Now everybody knows.

And then I also read the last page of the script of the last episode and right after you make that cinnabon, suddenly Walter White comes in.

Yes, we hug.

You hug, of course.

And it's a long hug.

It's like a five minute hug, which I thought was really weird.

But you hug for a long time and then he shakes your hand and he says, well, I guess I'd.

And then he looks in the camera and says, better call Saul.

And then it just goes right to the end.

Well then that song plays at the end of Mary Melodies.

And the circle gets smaller around her heads.

This is the dream ending of the show.

And if you all write in to Vincent Peter and Sony Pictures and ask them to please do the ending that Scott and Bob came up with.

Right into the Sony Pictures lady, the lady holding up the, she's holding up a torch.

Isn't she or something or is that Columbia?

That would be Columbia.

But there's no Sony Pictures lady.

There's got to be a Sony Pictures lady.

And this is what we're holding auditions for the Sony Pictures lady.

If you want to become the Sony Pictures lady, hit up me and Bob, you know that we're roommates since back in the day.

Come by our apartment at some point.

And we have a lot of pull over at Sony.

We certainly do.

We're really important.

Well Bob, the other thing I wanted to follow up on is you mentioned eating and exercising.

And this comes into play because I saw a little movie by the name of nobody.

And you are in it.

You didn't see the whole movie?

I saw a little bit of the movie.

I only saw up until the credits.

And then I didn't want to read everyone's name because I had already memorized them.

Right, right.

But you are...

What do you...

What can I tell you about it?

It's great.

Oh my God.

I want to know your exercise regimen.

That's basically what I want to know.

And this is a question usually reserved for women on the red carpet.

But I want to hit you up with it.

Well, I did a version of it on this men's health video that you could see on YouTube.

But...

Are you sure that was a men's health video?

That wasn't just a strange porn video that they had taken from your phone that they stole from you?

No, the porn video that I made in my other career is my full workout.

This is just partial.

Oh, okay.

This doesn't include the fucking and the sucking and the blowing.

This is all the weightlifting, which is part of that other video.

Right, right.

But how did you get into this...

Did you get cast in the movie and say, uh-oh, I better exercise or have you been doing before?

No, no, I made this movie happen.

Scott, it was my idea to try to pull off an action film.

So you exercised before the deal came together?

Long before.

Two and a half years before we shot anything, I started training with Daniel Bernhardt at a place called 8711, which is a facility in LA that is all stunt people training for films.

And that was because the producers who liked the notion said, yeah, get started, you know, whatever.

You're willing to practice.

Go ahead.

And I was because I wanted to do my own fighting, Scott, like a real Jackie Chan man.

Yes.

But I really did.

You know, I love police story.

When we were right in Mr. Show, we used to watch cool old movies and...

We wrote a big stunt action scene into the run, run, run, the ill-fated Mr. Show movie, which none of us got to be in.

And it reminded me of that when I saw you on the...

There's a scene on a bus where you're beating the shit out of a bunch of people.

And you pull it off.

You genuinely looked more intimidating.

Well, I trained.

I really learned to do that kind of screen fighting.

I spent so much time at the gym.

But I knew I had to, Scott.

And your point I think that you're trying to make is that the idea of working out and training for a movie when it isn't set up, the chances of any movie getting made are always so slim.

You're really going way out on a limb to be going to the gym.

And then you would have wasted all that gym.

But I wouldn't have.

I would have gotten in good shape.

You know, I'm 58 years old.

Who cares?

We're all going to die.

So how much time do you not...

Oh, no, I'm not.

You've wasted it all in that gym.

You're not going to die?

No, this is a big, big move.

I'm going to keep working out and drinking juice and getting my...

As we talked about it, getting myself as fixated a couple of times a day.

What do you eat?

Because I read an interview with you where you essentially just eat off of...

I just say to sandwich.

You ate a sandwich right in front of me and that bag of chips.

But how guilty do you feel about it?

I don't feel guilty at all.

I would feel guilty about...

I think I've got a better ability to stop eating something like that.

Like to eat half of it.

Like I just did.

Then I ever had in my life.

And I still eat chocolate and ice cream and everything.

I just don't eat a lot of these things.

But I have them every day.

And I mostly eat...

You know, I have a sense of what's healthy.

And I kind of juggle around a sandwich or something, a lot of healthy stuff.

And I work out every day.

Right.

How many hours are you in the gym every day?

About an hour and ten minutes.

An hour and ten minutes.

Okay.

Now if you were about to make a sequel to the film, which we'll talk about the sequel soon.

Oh, then you go to three or four hours a day.

Three or four hours a day.

Yeah, but you're training choreography and stuff.

You're not like just doing weights and stuff.

You do that stuff for maybe an hour.

And then you load a choreography.

Could I go into the gym and lift a five pound dumbbell for four hours and look like you?

Is it just the time you're there?

It takes time.

Yeah, you got it.

Your body doesn't change in the day.

But it's just the time, right?

You can do as little as you want as long as you're there for four hours.

Right.

As long as you're standing near a thing called a gym, your body will shed the weight.

You know what?

Scott, I really, it was a weird thought that I could do this.

And I can't believe I.

No, I read an interview and look, I don't just sit around reading interviews that you do, Bob.

Don't get that impression.

You know, like I could have just called you myself and asked you all these questions.

You have other interviews to read.

Of course.

But I did read an interview about how this film got made.

You took a look at how well the TV show was doing in foreign markets, is that what it was?

Yeah, yeah.

And you said, hey, what if I made a movie that did well in foreign markets as well, which are mainly action films because they translate well.

And you just got it together and you did it.

Yeah, I mean, it took a long time.

Took years.

And I think I was more surprised by the fact that when I first suggested it, no, people didn't say you're crazy or that could never happen.

They most everybody who heard it, the pitch, which was basically that, you know, you know, me from Mr. Show and all this comedy that I did, but around the world, like nobody's seen any of that.

They've only seen a better call, saw the post, these kinds of movies.

And I play it in, in, especially in better call, saw I play like an earnest guy who's like kind of devious and he's very unites almost like earnest goes to lawyer school.

We wanted to call it earnest is nobody.

But there's some legal thing where you can't just use the earnest name, the lawyer and you're, you're a lawyer on that show.

Couldn't you have like figured it out?

Actually, to become a lawyer in real life, I have to do like 10 more episodes.

Oh, okay. And then that will make me an official real lawyer.

Oh, good. You have to do, you either have to go to law school and pass the bar or you have to do 60 episodes of a TV show that is based in the legal system in some manner.

All the people on night, court are all lawyers and judges now.

John Larricut represented me when I had a misdemeanor, misdemeanor theft.

Yeah, by the way, she's a lawyer.

She's a lawyer, weirdly enough.

Yeah. Yeah.

And they just said, you know what a misdemeanor is clearly that you mean you clearly have a basis for legal thinking and thought and the structures of strictures of legal law.

And we want you to please be a lawyer and miss you, Mr.

Meteorately had said, please, thank you.

I would love that.

That's very honored to be me and I appreciate you and, and the together, together they came to an agreement where they came to an agreement.

That's why at the Supreme Court right now, there's only one justice.

Missy, Mr. Meteorately.

That's right. She decides on everything.

Oh, my gosh. Well, nobody is a, it's a really great film.

It's out right now on video.

I like to call a video upon request because I'm not, you know, pushy like that demanding videos to be shown.

Oh, right. But you better.

But you show me this motherfucking film.

Right. You're of the demand.

No, but people can go to theaters and demand that the ticket taker sell them a ticket.

Surely.

And it's out right now in people, I would suggest seeing it.

And it's the, the writer of John Wick.

Isn't that correct?

He wrote it.

Yes.

Derek Holstad.

Yeah.

Great guy, really fun guy.

He's the one who more than anybody got it.

I think made it a reality because he has such good credibility in that area and he had, he loved the idea of the dad who's, you know, hiding for years and then he kind of cuts loose and yeah.

And also our director, Ilya Nyschuller is a really cool dude who, those two guys, I think the spirit of the movie is from them.

And that's what people seem to love.

I mean, I, I'm very thankful that I pulled it off, you know, the fighting, but are you experiencing an award right now? What's going on?

I have accepted two awards in the last half hour.

You have been paying attention.

I'm sorry.

I just, I hear a speech like that.

And they refuse to play the walk off music.

But.

No, it's really good.

I, I, you sent me a copy of the film before it came out and cool up and I watched it and cool up was, I didn't tell you this, but cool up was like leaping to her feet and pumping her fist in the air.

Really?

And it reminded me of when we went to see the raid redemption, where we were all like dancing in the aisles during the fight scenes.

It's really cathartic and it's really a good time in the movies.

So if, if people can request it or go into a theater, I would suggest it.

If people can request it, I would suggest it.

Are you going to stick with that rhyme?

I think so.

I may be the next misdemeanor Elliot.

Well, listen, man, thanks for the compliments.

You know what movies are like.

It's very hard to get them right or have them come out the way you dream.

They might.

Well, this, well, this crossover with the, the John Wickiverse, will the TikTok man and you like, I would love to see that.

I would doubt it because one of them is universal and one of them is Sony.

But they did.

And they're two different companies who don't.

Michael Keaton could play the same character in both Jackie Brown and the other one.

Okay.

Out of sight, was it?

You, you might be right.

I mean, I would love it because you know, Jason Manzukas plays the TikTok man in the John Wickiverse.

To see the two of you, it's like a Godzilla versus Kong thing or aliens versus predator thing where it's nobody versus the TikTok man.

That is like a license to print money, which if you can get one of those, right, they don't get those out licenses to print money all that often.

Why, why don't more people just try to get that instead of trying to earn money next time you're at the DMV.

Earning money is a fool's errand.

It's a waste of energy.

Just go apply so that you can print money.

And then you can spend those three, four hours at the gym.

Don't counterfeit money.

Get the license.

And then you can put anyone's face on it.

It takes like a three day weekend seminar, where you have to sit there and this is where George Washington faces.

And this is where this strip is, the golden strip.

And don't forget this and blah, blah, blah.

Just sit there, pretend to take notes and you'll get your license.

And then it's legal.

It's legal.

As long as you don't print more than $500, it's legal.

Right.

And get mitten.

Get mitten.

This is our one steps.

What process?

Process.

Get minted is the only step.

Well, nobody is out there right now and better call Saul is out there.

I did want to just ask you about your book because I know that you're about to write it or you already wrote it.

You already wrote it.

How many times in my mentions?

I took me forever.

How many times in my mention?

Probably twice, maybe four times.

Hmm.

Yeah.

Scott Archimans in there for sure.

Oh, boy.

Yeah, it took me forever to write it.

It was really unpleasant to write it because I was so bad at writing.

Also, anytime you were doing pushups and you had a 30 second break in between reps, you would write a little...

One word.

Yeah.

And you had to really...

I mean, you had to really choose your word carefully.

That's right.

Because you could never repeat it.

I could never erase it.

I could never strike it out.

I had to stick with it and live with it.

And you...

I had read that you would use the word the really early on in the process and then you like, oh, why did I use it so early?

I'll eat it even once.

It's going to come out in January of next year.

Wow.

But I finished writing it months.

Have you seen the galleys?

Have you seen the cover?

No.

I've seen the cover.

The cover is on Twitter.

You can see it.

I tweeted it out.

It's all about Mr. Show, mostly.

I mean, really, truly, it is about starting out and trying to make my way until I got to the greatest show ever.

It's a...

I'm sure it covers...

Mr. Show.

Of course.

I'm sure it covers the motivational speaker with Chris Farley.

Yeah, there's a lot of...

Yeah, there's a lot of nonsense about Saturday Night Live because it's such a stressful and unpleasant challenge for me.

And like a lot of people, it takes way too much space in my head.

So I did write a lot about that and then I wrote a lot about Mr. Show.

But I also wrote about all the shows that nobody saw me do and try for that never made it to the screen because I feel like I want people who are starting out to have some sense of what a career looks like, which is mostly shit.

Yeah, I mean, yes, there's the impression that you're the golden boy.

You win immediately from Chicago to Saturday Night Live to get a live to the Ben Stiller Show to Mr. Show and then we're just handed this part on America's greatest drama, which then you spun off into your own show.

And yes, all of that is true.

But there also were various scripts that you and I tried to write that never went anywhere.

Yeah, lots of them, tons of them, literally tons.

Literally 2,000 pounds worth.

It would weigh more than one 2,000 pound increment.

Yeah, I think it's important to share that stuff, right?

Don't you?

Of course.

And if I, if anyone were interested in a book that I were writing, I of course would do it, but no one cares about my adventures in the screen trade, you know, meeting Barack Obama, who wants to hear about that twice, of course?

Yes, your adventures in the pod is trade.

Yeah, oh boy.

Because even less people are interested in that.

Well, you're a revolutionary in the podcasting world.

I'm a lot like the Paul Revere of podcasting.

Just look out.

Look out.

These are going to be popular.

I don't know, Brian, we'll have one of these one day.

Podcasts are coming.

Get out of the way.

Run.

Burn down your house.

Please burn down your houses.

Let's fix it yourself.

I cannot wait for the book.

I cannot wait to see this tell all book and what you have to say about me.

It tells very little, but thank you.

Well, we have to take a break.

Nobody is in theaters and on video on demand right now.

Bob, you can stick around, right?

You have some other guests to get to.

When we come back, we are going to have a social media expert and a disruptor will be with us.

We will be right back with more Bob Odenkirk after this.

We're back, Bob Odenkirk of the Naperville Odenkirk is here with us.

He of course, Ben Stiller Show, play Dabra Hamelinkin.

I would imagine in a sketch.

Many times, of course, of course, Abraham Lincoln many times.

Let's see if we can go down my list of credits.

Miller Beer Commercial.

Whoa.

That's right.

Do you remember that?

Yeah.

Miller Beer Commercial.

What else?

The Tom Show.

Tom Arnhem.

The Tom Show.

That's right.

We knew him just as Tom at the time and then he added the Arnold afterwards.

That was because Gary Coleman passed away and he finally relinquished the rights to Arnold, which he played on different strokes.

You know, I...

Yes?

You know what should make you.

You shouldn't be miked.

I know.

How much better would this podcast be if my mic were turned off and you just had to guess at what I was saying.

People could insert themselves asking their own questions.

It's like a choose your own adventure book.

Which is the last thing everybody wants to do.

Yeah.

I pick up a book because I want you to tell me a story.

I don't want to have to tell myself a story.

It's like suddenly I'm doing your work for you.

Like pay me for the book.

And this is the other thing.

Bob, a lot of people are paying to see your movie, but they're taking time out of their day.

Shouldn't you be paying them to see the movie?

Scott, we've had it wrong since the beginning of time.

And you are the only one who figured it out.

It's like two hours of their day.

Like pay the minimum wage.

You know?

Pay them 30 bucks when they come out.

Absolutely.

Okay.

Let's do that.

Starting now.

We do have to get to our next guest if that's okay.

Yeah.

I want to meet these people.

You want to meet these people.

Let's bring her on.

She's been on the show before.

She is a social media expert.

And Bob, I think you could use some tips on this because you tweet very sporadically.

Yes.

And so she's a social media expert.

Please welcome back to the show Francesca Bolenezi.

Hi.

No, Scott, I'm not a social media expert.

You always get it wrong with your team.

I don't know who had your team say the wrong thing.

But I'm not a social media expert.

I beg your pardon.

I don't have a team necessarily as much as your big team of people that you work with.

They get it wrong every time I come on.

Look, I know that I have 20 people standing behind me right now, but they don't work on the show.

They're just watching.

So I'm not a social media expert.

And I know last time I come on, I work for a bit better beyond a best by beyond.

I don't work for them anymore, Scott.

I got a new job.

You have, as Rudy North said, you have a new job.

I have a new job.

Yes.

This is incredible.

Bob, I don't know if you have ever listened to the show before.

I'm doubting that you ever have.

But Francesca here, what would you do?

You were working for Bed, Bath and Beyond, and you would go on to Instagram posts that they would post and argue with the clients.

Is that essentially what it was?

Let's say somebody comment on a picture on like, I don't know, Twitter of Bed, Bath and Beyond product.

And they say, Oh, I went to Bed, Bath and Beyond and I buy myself a VCR.

And inside the VCR, I find a lot of little hairs.

Well, that for me, then I commented, no, you a piece of shit.

Why you not take your VCR, go sink to the bottom of a pit of mud and die.

But I get fired for that.

Wait, you got fired?

I thought you got hired for that.

I thought that's what they wanted you to do.

No, they didn't know that I was doing what I was doing.

Oh, no.

And you confessed it on this podcast.

Well, yes.

But mostly because I comment on the Bed and Body work, Bed and Body work post.

And I say, why do you not take your body wash cucumber scented body wash, shove it up your stupid body in a drown with the body wash in your body?

Till you die.

No, so you're not only responding to complaint posts that people do for your own company, Bed, Bath and Beyond.

But you're out there trying to snipe other companies and tear them down?

Yes.

So then Bed and Body work, they sue Bed, Bath and Beyond.

And then they fire me.

And I say, what do you want me to do?

Where am I supposed to go?

Yeah.

When people are fired, you should be given like where you should go.

A different job.

Yeah.

You should be your fire from here.

But now walk down the street.

It's like take a penny, leave a penny.

Like, you know, get fired, you know, but also you get hired here.

Yeah.

That didn't happen.

And that didn't happen.

No, that didn't happen.

I have a son.

I have a son in the...

What?

When did you have the son?

He never talked about this.

Did you...

Is this new?

Did you just have a baby?

No, no, no.

He is 17 years old.

I had him for a long time.

You just had it.

How long have you had it?

About 17 years?

I got him about...

Yeah, I don't know.

15 years ago.

I got him.

Okay.

He has somewhere in that range.

Yeah.

But he...

So I said to Batembe Yondo, CEO named Richard.

I said, Richard, what do you want me to do with my son?

Where do you want me to go?

And my husband, Ryan.

Ryan.

Right.

Who does it?

Does he work?

Does your husband work?

My husband, he work, he make the blades for razors.

He makes those?

Like he works at the factory?

Yes.

Or he doesn't want at a time.

He works at the factory, but he makes each blade by hand for Gillette.

Wow, handmade artisan.

Has he ever cut himself?

Everyone asks.

That's all the time.

He's got to be the question.

He's constantly on medical leave, which is why I need to work for both of us.

So I...

I bet in that plant they have one of those days since the last time accident, but it says hours or even minutes.

Seconds, maybe.

Yeah, he says.

Moments.

Anyway.

Yes.

I'm sorry to take you down this side road.

I mean, you're trying to express something important.

No, obviously, but Francesca, you've never mentioned your family.

I've never even brought it up.

You've been fired because you willfully and on your own offered critiques of some of the commentary on social media of your own company.

You were trying to defend your company and then you started making snipey comments about other companies.

So you are almost a lawyer, Bob.

Well, I think the term snipey comments gives it away.

Of course.

I've obviously studied for the bar.

What would Sal say about this?

I can settle it for you.

Just give me a lot of money and I'll lie.

Yeah.

That sounds about right.

That guy.

That...

That care.

Wow.

Now listen, what are you going to do?

Yeah, I do.

What are you going to do?

You have a son, you have a husband, neither of them.

They say what are you going to do?

No, that's us asking you.

What are you going to do?

You can't just say, yeah.

So I say, you see you.

I say, what do you want me to do?

He says, you know what?

Bed, Bed and Beyond open high school in Chicago.

Why not go work for the high school?

What?

Wait, Bed, Bath and Beyond open to high school?

Yes, sir.

So it's like branded high school?

Yes, everything, Bed, Bed and Beyond.

Really?

This is incredible.

I mean, I've always wondered, Bob, and I'm sure you have.

Why don't more companies open high schools?

You know what I mean?

Like Subway.

Okay, it's a sandwich shop.

But why don't they open a high school?

This, I don't know, Scott.

I people just have a, well, there's a dearth of imagination in some of our board rooms.

So they opened a high school in Chicago and they said, why don't you just go work there?

Is everything in the high school Bed, Bath and Beyond like you can find it in the actual Bed, Bath and Beyond stores?

Yes, every product is there.

The mascot is one bed and one bed.

School mascot.

School mascot, yes.

One bed and one bath.

Yes.

Okay, wow.

So, so I had to move to Chicago.

Oh, no.

Worst.

So, I go to Chicago.

I'm like, what the fuck is this place?

Everything's so, everybody's so drunk all the time.

Yeah, everybody tells me that I should know where the lake is because that's how I know where I am in the city.

That's all they care about there.

Oh.

Everybody tell me I need to eat a pizza.

I go to a stupid restaurant.

I wait eight hours, nine hours.

Nine hours.

I could fit into each of the sessions.

Out comes a lasagna.

I'm a bike rust.

Wait a minute.

Are you just doing your stand up chunk about Chicago right now?

Is that what you're working on?

Yes.

So that's another thing I get into comedy.

Oh, yeah.

Everyone in Chicago is into comedy.

I mean, in the improv, I take a second.

Yeah, everyone is there.

Yeah, it's like a, it's mandatory when you move to Chicago.

So it's just been really a lot of trauma and trouble for you.

The two T.R.s.

Since you were fired.

But you do have a job at the Bed Bath and Beyond High School.

What do you actually do there?

It's a high school.

I work as a guidance counselor for the kids to get into college.

You're a very critical thinker.

Yeah.

And I think that's kind of good for a guidance counselor.

You can analyze things.

Yeah.

So have you, yeah.

So have you, do you feel, is it working out?

Is it a good job?

Right?

Because you sound like you're very unhappy with Chicago.

All the things that you have to do there, eat at Greek town.

Go to the Cubs games.

Go to the club games.

Every club game you have to go to.

I had to go to every club game.

I had to go to the Cubby Bear Bar afterward.

I had to go to sluggers and hit a ball with a bat.

No, every day.

Every day.

Scott, you've never been to Chicago.

I've never been.

I will never go.

Every day they want me to eat mozzarella stick at the 1D end.

It's a burden.

It is.

But you've done, you seem, you sound great.

I'm just going to say that.

You sound great.

You truly sound amazing.

You sound like you have a wind beneath your wings, a fresh pep in your step.

You're saying your son is at the high school?

Yes, my son, Richard Edu.

He go to the...

Wait, what was that?

Richard Edu.

Yes, Richard Edu.

Could you spell that please?

Richard Edu.

R-I-C-H-A.

A little faster though?

Could you do it maybe even a little, just even 10% faster?

Richard Edu.

Okay, all right.

I still am not getting it.

But go ahead.

So your son, Richard Edu.

Yes, so he got to the high school with me.

He said, the mom, can you please stop being guidance counselor?

You heard everybody's feeling.

Everybody's outside.

Right.

I say, this is my job, but this is what I have to do.

So I tell the kids when they come in, they say, I want to go to Yale.

I want to go to Harvard, Pecoma, Investment Banker.

Oh, these little winers.

I say to them, listen to me.

Go to hell.

But why do you not do something else?

Why do you not go work for my cousin?

Why do you not work?

Wait, you have a cousin?

This is another late breaking announcement.

But you know, go work for my cousin.

His name, Ricotta.

Ricotta Balen.

Yes.

He work in, he make a toys for the pool.

Oh, pool toys?

Not for the poor, for the pool.

Yeah, for the pool.

Why you not go work for Ricotta?

And they say, no, no, because of my dad.

He want me to go to Yale.

I say to them, your dad, he want to go to Yale.

Because he a piece of shit is stupid.

He'll be in the money.

In a range of Rover, why do you not go drown to the bottom of the pool?

Where Ricotta make the toys.

Ricotta makes the toys at the bottom of the pool.

And let me ask you something.

So you're giving the kids generally, you're giving them the advice that they should go work for your cousin.

Does your cousin Ricotta need more employees?

This sounds like a one man operation there at the bottom of the pool.

He needs somebody blow up the toys.

Oh.

Wait, he makes them, but he needs somebody make them blow up.

Oh, okay.

So, yeah.

So you haven't found a single kid who's willing to do this?

No, I have, I send the kid to go work for Ricotta.

But I have a lot of cousins.

So my cousins, they get all these free labor from these high school kids.

Oh, it's free.

They're not even getting paid.

No.

You think you're abroad?

Oh, how do you justify that?

Like how is the abroad part of it working?

Oh, because they're in, where are you from again?

I'm from Italy.

I'm from Matorino.

Oh, that's that exit.

That's yeah.

Now I recognize it.

I guess I'd never thought that people in Italy would need pool toys.

Because when you think of Italy, you don't, that's not the first thing that comes to mind.

You know, like Stanley Tucci in his big documentary that he makes.

You know, you never see him playing with any pool toys, but they must have a lot of pool toys there.

Well, see, this is why you have such a small American brain Scott, because you only think of, oh, my America, the only place that has a pool is a place we, no one.

Yeah, no.

They have, they have pools in Italy and they need toys for them.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

Stanley Tucci doesn't show you all of Italy.

Well then, that's the thing.

If Stanley Tucci is going to do a documentary about Italy, I want him to cover every square in Jevitaly.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And he's focusing on food.

He hasn't had a single good meal there.

I've watched like four episodes.

It's just the worst.

And I'll tell you that what happens after you eat, you go take a dump, right?

You never see him taking a dump.

Immediately after?

Well, you have to go online and they have the extras.

Okay, and they have them, you know, dump it.

Well, Francesca, this sounds like, this sounds horrible.

I mean, I mean, is it so horrible?

She's getting work for her cousin.

She's getting workers for her cousin.

She's getting an opportunity to complain and, and critique people.

That's the thing you love the most.

That she's been invited to do it.

She's very good at it.

Nice.

Thank you.

Father, thank you.

And, and probably she's going to get fired.

That's not good.

What the?

I'm not going to get fired.

The parents aren't going to like that you're so negative.

Yeah, I would have.

I can't believe you haven't been fired yet.

No, the parents, they come to me.

They say, where is Mokkenzi?

I need her to come home.

I say, Mokkenzi is with my cousin, and Niyoki.

And she is making handmade towels with Niyoki in Torino.

Handmade towels.

Wow.

Those sound, are they fluffy?

Are they comfortable?

Or are they thin?

They're very thin, Erskud.

But they don't dry easily.

They, they, they suck up the water, but they don't dry.

Wow.

You have such an extended family.

We've never discussed on this show.

I mean, it really begs to be talked about in a further episode, but unfortunately we don't have time to do it.

Well, I'm sorry that I would just say it's nice to hear a working person on the show.

You know, we don't always hear the stories of people who are just doing regular jobs.

No, I mean, like earlier on in the show, I was talking to some rich guy who had four hours a day to spend at the gym.

Right.

You know, so it's like- And this is important to hear from people, real people, doing real jobs in this case.

Yes.

guidance counselor in a bed bath and beyond high school.

What, who's the rival high school, by the way, that you guys are always, there's a big rivalry with the rival high school.

The rival is all best by high school, down the road.

Oh, God.

They're mascot.

He's a big, a big iPhone case.

Just the case.

Not the case.

No phone.

Oh, God, boy.

I hate those guys.

It's so stupid.

I said, I, at this point, I'm like, well, you know what, if I can change a one-key's life, that would be a success.

But at this point, you know, I send a 30-kid, 40-kid to my cousins.

In everybody's life, I change now.

Wow.

Yeah.

40 kids over there in Italy with your cousins not getting paid.

Yeah.

They've, you've altered their, the course of their history forever.

In the principal economy, asking me why, where the kid go?

I say, you listen to me.

Why?

You're not take your stupid principal ice.

You go fly through a fire in the middle of a volcano full of sheep.

And then you explode and hit a wall and he fell down a cliff.

Oh, no, God.

Oh, Jesus.

And where did he say to that?

There's nothing to say to that except, yes.

Did he just sit there and take it?

He took it.

Yeah, he take it.

He's a weak man.

That's like most men.

They're weak.

Yeah.

And it's so stupid.

My, my husband Ryan, he's a jiu-jitsu.

Oh, Ryan.

I tell you what, he a big time jiu-jitsu idiot.

Okay.

We don't need to curse on.

I'm assuming jiu-jitsu is a curse.

I don't know.

Jiu-jitsu mean like a douchebag.

Oh, okay.

Well, that, yeah, I don't even like you saying douchebag.

I don't like to.

But I love, oh no.

No, I mean, those things go up into a very private part on a woman's body.

Yes, I know.

I have one.

You're wearing one right now.

I wear them every day.

Oh, is that what they make you do in Chicago as well?

Oh, yes.

That they make me wear so many douchebag.

You get off the train.

They hand you some mozzarella sticks and a douchebag.

The hell.

I get off of the hell.

Oh, the hell.

Yeah, they love to call it the LGs.

Well, look, Francesca, we're running out of time for this segment.

But can you stick around because we have a disruptor coming on the show?

Oh, yes.

I love to see this.

Okay.

Please don't give them any of your sass.

Any of your patented sass.

We'll see what I can do.

All right, well, we're going to take a break.

Bob Odenkirk is with us.

We also have Francesca Bolenezi.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we're back here.

Bob Odenkirk is here.

Nobody in stores now and go to any store.

They'll have it.

And then when does when does better call Saul actually premiere?

Can you bring some news here?

I do not know.

What?

Come on.

You know.

I don't know.

I genuinely don't know.

I don't think they know.

They haven't figured it out yet.

Really?

Not for a long time.

And that's because it takes so long to shoot it and so long to cut it together.

So if you love better call Saul, I promise you it's going to be great.

I also promise you it will take way too long to be.

Would you feel bad if there's a better call Saul fan out there who loves the show who dies before the last season?

Terrible.

Would you feel bad if anyone dies before better call Saul comes out?

Everyone stop dying.

It's too much responsibility for you.

Oh, it's tearing you apart I can tell.

We also have Francesca Bolanese here who is currently in Chicago and is a social media expert.

No, I'm not this social media expert.

I'm sorry.

No, I keep forgetting you're not a social media expert.

I am a good counselor.

Do you have any tips for?

For Bob here.

No tips.

My tip is get off a line.

Become a human being like a normal person.

Not some stupid idiot online, a little troll, little psychopath.

Oh, it's a guy on the internet.

It sounds like you are a social media expert.

I have an opinion about your show that you're on.

Let me tweet at you.

Yeah.

I mean, but sometimes people tweet good ideas for better call Saul.

I would imagine you use them right on the show.

Everything that we do is, as you pointed out earlier, a choose your own adventure type scenario.

Right.

They're crowd sourced ideas.

The ideas are crowd sourced as are the lines.

Yeah, everything is written by the fans.

By the fans for the fans.

That's how you like to do it.

As you see it.

That is the way the best art is made.

Yep.

Well, speaking of how things are made and doing things a little bit differently, we have a disruptor here on the show.

He's been on the show before.

I think very clank.

Yes, that is, of course, his sketch phrase, which I believe he came up with on the previous episode.

Returning guest.

He is a disruptor.

Please welcome back to the show, Skins McGlinty.

Hello, Skins McGlinty, my friend.

Skins.

I'm so sorry.

Now I'm realizing its skins mainly because you corrected me.

Yes, no, no, I am not.

In fact, a British searing teen drama that has launched many careers.

The name means skins is Skins McGlinty.

Don't forget it.

Click me clank.

Clickity clank, of course, your catchphrase.

Welcome back to the show.

This is Bob Odenkirk of I don't know if you watch.

Oh, no, Skins.

Skins.

Please.

Skins.

Skins McGlinty, Bob Big fan of Monkeybone.

Honor to me.

Oh, thank you so much.

It's all been downhill since then, but I'm glad that there's people like you who paid attention to the quality when it came out.

Yeah, I would always say these movies where there's a head surgeon and I said, but could this guy catch?

That's right.

I know he's good in the operating room, but let's see what happens if he gets on a football field.

And then I say, you chasing Chris Cattan trying to catch all sorts of internal organs.

I said, this guy's good.

Monkeybone fan over here.

Wow.

Thank you.

This is Francesca Bolenezi.

I don't know if you're similarly a fan of what she does.

Huge fan.

Hey, really?

Yeah.

I love watching arguments play out online.

In real time.

You're a troll guy.

I gave it.

Okay.

No, no.

You're making your things.

I'm like a troll hunter.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

I am a troll myself, but I like viewing him from a distance.

Click it, click it, click it, click it, click it.

Well, again, last time you were on the show, you were essentially you are you're a disruptor, but more specifically you are.

Last time my career was a little more narrow.

Let's say I was exclusively a new timey prospector.

Of course, I came out to California to follow that rush, that gold rush and start mining for bitcoins.

You're a crypto guy, essentially.

Well, but now I've changed Scott.

I mean, first one needs to thank you.

I think you need to thank me.

This is unprecedented.

I don't think anyone has ever thanked me on this show and I defy anyone to come up with any tape where anyone has thanked me.

I certainly never have before.

I don't think I thanked you once in my past appearance.

I never thank you, Scott.

I never thank you.

Yeah.

And Bob, I mean, you've never thanked me in your life, not even.

I got you a glass of water once.

I remember when we were working together.

Scott, when we met.

I told you, you can rely on me for a couple of things.

One of them, I can help you figure out your sketches, where they go.

You definitely did that.

Where they go.

You didn't help me with the writing of them.

No.

Weirdly enough, you were always like, oh, put that on Mr.

Show.

Number two, I will always share your sandwich.

Yep.

Whatever your reading.

That's the other thing.

You're bragging about only having half a sandwich now.

You always took half of my sandwich back in the day.

So this is not a new thing.

And then thirdly, I will never thank you.

Yeah.

And that's, you know.

And I come through on all those promises.

26 years of never being thanked.

Well, I guess you can call me Bizarro, Bob O'Dakirk.

Because Scott, I'm whipping up a big thank you.

Wow.

This is crazy.

All right.

Hit me with it.

Scott, living proof for the CBB bump.

I don't know if you notice.

I don't know if you read the news.

In October 2019, I appear on the show talking about mining for Bitcoin.

And since then, Bitcoin has gotten very big.

So CBB bump.

It's not a bump for you specifically.

It's just for the actual concept of Bitcoin.

Wow.

The value is increased.

I have a lot of Bitcoin.

How many Bitcoin do you have?

Two.

I mean, it's more than I have.

So hey.

But Scott, I've used that capital and I've decided I'm out of the Bitcoin mining.

I'm ready to use that capital to disrupt.

I want to disrupt multiple industries.

Scott.

Multiple industries.

Yeah.

Cryptocurrency is a thing of the past, Scott.

I'm going to say.

No, don't say that.

My whole identity is based on it.

This is the opposite of a CBB bump.

It's a CBB punch down.

I'm knocking Bitcoin out of circulation.

No.

Bob, how many Bitcoin do you have?

This is bad news for you.

Because you're a big...

I have 30.

You're a big crypto guy.

I know Bob.

I have 30 Bitcoins.

Oh.

Crypto is the past, Bob.

Take note.

Take out a no pad, Bob.

Take out your no pad, Bob.

I know you have several around you right now.

Give me a glimpse of the future.

Bob, the future is unencrypto.

Unencrypted things?

Unencrypted currency.

I am here to announce the creation of Skintcoin.

This is a radical new development in the world of digital currency.

Okay.

I mean, as I understand it, cryptocurrency is basically the whole...

The thing that attracts people to it is the fact that you...

It has a unique code that has to be constantly mined and uses a lot of energy and is constantly solving algorithms.

That's what people like.

They like that it uses them much energy.

Right.

But what they like about is that the code is not cracked and it is unique to them.

In fact, I think I did not read an article about a guy who couldn't remember his password and he had $10 million worth and he only had two password tries left and he's bummed because he can't figure it out.

Yeah, my friend Jack.

Yeah.

Oh, that's Jack.

Okay.

Wait, is that the Jack from Twitter?

Yeah.

Okay.

Wow.

He's friends with Tom.

Oh, my face.

Oh, so am I though.

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

He's a maple.

Yeah.

Because Skintz is acting out Tom looking over his shoulder right now.

You want to remember a password and this is not a social media tip by the way.

No, no, of course not.

But if you want to remember a password, you take three people that you sleep with that you slept with.

One person that you did just a hand stuff with, you cut all of their name in half, put it together in a put an exclamation mark in your favorite number.

Okay.

So what is your password?

So my password is right.

My John 13 exclamation point.

Exclamation point.

Oh, okay.

So rye must be Ryan.

Yeah, he's a tie was the next one.

That is a Tyler.

Tyler.

Okay.

And then my would be my, oh, okay.

So you swing both ways.

Okay.

I did a hand stuff with a John.

Okay.

But is that short for Jonathan?

No, he says short for Johnny.

Johnny.

Okay.

Great.

Interesting.

Yes.

He doesn't have an unlucky lucky number.

Okay.

Great.

See that this was Jack's problem.

This is only slept with two people and he abhors ham stuff.

Oh, no.

Why?

Now it's only with that guy.

But skins back to my back to my back to my original point.

Yes.

If if the algorithm is crackable and it's unencrypted, anyone can steal this cryptocurrency, can't they?

But there's a reason that I'm a disreceptor.

You're not.

Okay.

Because I'm thinking eight dimensionally.

What you're saying, of course is how if the code is unencrypted, are you going to keep the currency safe?

And I said, wait a second.

Let's take it off the computer.

Okay.

So this is the radical invention of skin coin.

Skin coin is physical cryptocurrency.

Yes.

Why make coins?

Yep.

Okay.

What do they look like?

They are small circular circular.

That's the best kind of coin.

Yep.

They got me on them like this.

I'm doing the Tom on the coin.

You're doing the Tom currently.

You ever think about hexagons or octagons like a stop sign?

Never.

That's no, there's no market for that skin coin.

The entire point is you put the skit coins in your pocket.

No passwords.

You're going to forget no hand stuff.

But your pocket, do you get heavy with the skin coin?

Yeah, that's a good point.

Well, while I thought about that, okay?

So this is what I thought about.

Have you invented lighter pants?

People know, no, I'll leave that one to you.

Let's see how far do you get with that.

Okay.

Well, I've been trying for several years to have like pants that defy gravity.

So if you have heavy coins, it's sort of evened out, but I've got nowhere with it.

People were telling me the coins were too heavy because they were made a solid gold, right?

Okay.

Because I was like, they got to have the value inherent to the actual physical object.

Way to have to.

They said too heavy.

So I said, here's what I'll do.

I'll print out pieces of paper.

And then I'll write on the piece of paper and number.

And then I'll tell you, look, I have a gold reserve somewhere.

This piece of paper is like a contract.

It's a promise that this paper is worth this amount based on the gold I have sitting somewhere.

Just trust me.

It's a note that has some sort of promise, a promissory note.

One might say it's a promissory note.

Yeah.

Okay.

This is a good idea.

This is.

Yeah.

You truly are disrupting it.

And so people would just like carry these pieces of paper with them.

Like they're, what is it?

A book?

They're carrying a book with them in their pocket?

No, individual slips.

Maybe you put them in a buy fold.

Okay.

Is it like the e-tickets that Disneyland used to have?

The A tickets, the B tickets?

Yes.

Where they have different values and stuff?

Yes, exactly.

And you can use them to buy glutes and services.

Like for example, I don't know if you know about this.

NFTs are huge.

Oh, yeah.

NFTs are very big right now.

Bob, you're an NFT, aren't you?

Big time.

Yeah.

Non-fungible tokens.

I said that sounds restrictive.

I'm here to announce fungible tokens.

It's FTS.

You can fungum.

You can fungum all over the place.

Well obviously, Skins, this is a good idea, but I see one major problem with it.

Wouldn't I?

I have so many slips of paper in my pockets at all time.

They've just very cocky of you to say.

Yeah.

I mean, not your slips certainly, but just random slips of paper everywhere.

And I would worry I would get them all mixed up and I would be handing people some of my other slips which I hold very dear to me when I'm trying to use your slips.

You know?

I mean, this doesn't sound like it would work out.

So what you would prefer is something like a virtual skincoin?

Yeah, maybe like a plastic card or something like that where I could walk into a place and say like, hey, this card, if I show you this card, I don't have to give you a plastic card or I don't have to give you the slips of the money.

I can just show you.

That's interesting.

So you're saying instead of individual pieces of paper with different numbers, read on them, I give you one piece of plastic and you essentially bring it around to people and go like, Skins is good for it.

Just trust me.

Just trust it.

And we can call it a trust me card if you want it or?

Yeah.

No, I think we'll probably call it a skincard.

Oh, okay.

All right, sure.

If you want your own branding on it.

That's what I'm saying.

Like these fungible tokens.

You put your money somewhere safe where the value can only grow.

Okay.

And do they have your picture on them?

No, I mean, they're all sorts of different fungible tokens.

Like I, you know, I thought, oh, here's a fun thing because they're sort of like, I say maybe like small pieces of paper, the fungible tokens.

Okay, sure.

So I said, like, what should I put on these?

So people know they're not money.

And I was like, let me put some athletes on them.

Oh, really?

Like who LeBron King James?

Yeah, sure.

King James.

Jose.

Can say go.

Wow.

Wagner.

Well, you know three athletes.

Yeah.

Find another one to do some hand stuff with and you got something.

Well, hey, now, hey, here's, here are some other things.

Look, because I'm trying to build an entire empire here, right?

Sure.

Email.

Who needs it?

Yeah.

Enough with it.

Thank you, Bob.

Enough with it.

Enough.

Too many.

I'm getting too many and I can't keep trying.

Where did I put them?

So what is your solution?

You still want to communicate with people?

I do, but I want to add back a little human touch.

So I'm introducing ass mail.

Let me guess.

The S stands for skints.

Clicking a click.

Yes, it does.

Okay.

Ass mail is artisanal handcrafted email.

Okay.

So what do I do?

I go to my computer.

No, I type out an email and I send it to you and you write it out.

Nope.

No, sir.

Click, you get a piece of paper.

We believe it.

It all starts once again with a piece of paper.

Okay.

But like papyrus, essentially.

Sure.

Like what the ancient Egyptians used.

They would cut like a little stuff off of trees.

Yeah.

I'm with James Cameron used for the Avatar poster.

Right.

Well, gosh, this skints, I don't, I mean, this sounds great.

Where can we invest?

And obviously Bob has a lot of money and Francesca seems poor to me, but I'm somewhere in between.

I am poor, but I'm going to be rich soon when my cousin send me back the money that they make from the little kids.

It sounds like you're involved in like child slavery.

No, Scott, they're 18.

Oh, this is good then.

For me, you know, everybody was always waiting for me to turn 18 when I turn 18.

Everybody's so happy.

Oh, get me better.

Why?

Why, you know, I'm going to talk about it.

I don't want to get into your sort of past.

So many cool guys in my community waiting for me to turn 18.

Yeah, I don't know about that.

Well, look, skints, this sounds like a great idea.

We would all love to invest.

Clickly clank, of course.

I'm not sure why you're not calling it clickety clank money or you're you have a famous catch phrase.

I'm not sure why you're branding it with your name instead of your catchphrase.

Clickety clank.

No, thank you, Bob.

That's going to up the value of that catchphrase right there.

Can you say clickety clank?

Clickety clank.

It's like if Bob if Bob were to, you know, make some sort of money like this, he'd call him God damn it.

That's what that's what I was going to say.

By your logic, the show would be called Mr. Show with God damn it and David.

There's a difference between your name and your catchphrase.

That's right.

I don't know.

Say clinkety clank on them.

Oh, good.

Okay, good.

That's right.

Then I have no further reservations.

Right.

Right under the Illuminati signal.

Yes.

What's your question?

My question is when I walk with all my coin in my pocket, do they go clink, clank, clinkety clank?

Do like a bunch of pots and pans.

Why do you hear me when I'm walking around?

Okay.

Yeah.

Yeah, they go.

That's a that's a squinter.

I got the idea for you.

You make a cargo short with a branding for a clink.

I've been working on this a lighter cargo short.

Oh, the most hottest guy where cargo short.

Yes.

The full stuff.

A full bucket with the coin making it really heavy and droopy.

Everybody like, wow, he a cool guy.

I want to hang him with him.

He's cool and rich.

And he loud.

He's so loud.

He's like deafening.

Okay.

So wow, this is these are great ideas.

Well, skint you've done it.

You've cracked the code.

Literally.

Yeah.

But we're running out of time here.

We only have time for one final feature on the show and that's a little something called plugs.

Hey, mister.

Wait up.

What?

Oh, I'm a little bit.

Oh, I'm a little baby plug boy.

Oh, I could plug on ice.

I don't have a mom and dad.

I'm covered in dirt and said I'm a broken leg.

Excuse me, chum.

Can you spare a plug?

I don't have any family love.

That was just a test.

It's like done.

Thank you for the plug.

Wow.

Amazing.

That was Little Baby Plug Boy by Christina Orlando.

Thank you so much, Christina.

That was amazing.

I love the dancing.

That was incredible.

Well, that really, that puts a smile on my face and what better time to plug things when you're smiling?

Bob, you have anything to plug?

No, but if you haven't seen nobody yet, go see the movie Nobody.

And what else?

Wait, wait.

I'm plugging the idea of waiting for better call saw.

Okay.

And wait in general, things weighing amounts of things according to the pound system.

Or keynotes.

Both meanings of the word.

Wait with time and let time go by.

Of course.

Leave it alone.

It'll go by just fine without your help.

You don't need to push it or anything like that.

And then also wait.

Lift weights.

Yeah, keep it.

Um, wonderful.

Uh, and, uh, Francesca, what are you plugging?

Okay, yeah.

So obviously, I'm not a social media expert, but I find a great account.

I think Jason Menzuk is a account on the Twitter.

So many funny joke about the bean in Chicago being so stupid.

Um, it's a, add to L-I-L-Y-Y-L-Y.

So it's a palindrome, essentially.

It's lily and then lily backwards.

No, because the, no, it's not.

So I don't need to explain to you why, but it's not.

It's l-L-Y-L-Y-L-Y-L-Y-L-Y.

Maybe Skins could put it on his money.

Would you mind putting that on your money?

No, I'll ask mail it to you.

I'll put a stamp on there and I'll ask mail it to you.

Oh, wait.

These need stamps?

I'm out.

No, no, they don't.

They need scamps.

They're little stickers.

Scamps.

Retain value.

I'll have Rosa Parks on them.

Oh, okay.

I'm back in then, definitely.

Great woman.

I saw her on a Doctor Who episode.

Skins, what are you plugging here?

Uh, well, I'm hosting a mad TV this weekend.

Uh, so.

Okay, so we, so Elon Musk, by the way, he just hosted a SNL last weekend and so you're trying to one up him?

Well, no, I just, I actually have a background in comedy.

I mean, how many times has Elon Musk been on comedy bang bang?

I feel like I've earned my right to host mad TV.

That's true.

Two appearances and you have a background in comedy.

Yeah, but so look forward to that.

Of course, we're doing a sketch of Stuart Basz, a scam.

Uh, clank it a clank.

Uh, well, what else?

By the way, you can't just say clank it a clank to save a bad joke.

I think I can't clank it a clank.

Uh, and, uh, you know, there's a, there's a movie podcast I like.

Really?

That's worth in way, it's weight and gold.

Clank it a clank.

Okay.

A blank check with Griffin and David and it's a David Sims who's a critic for the Atlantic and some dumb fucking comedian.

And they talk about movies and directors and they go through entire filmographies and it's a real fun time.

Is he one of the Sims that I was playing with?

He is.

He's the tallest of the Sims.

Oh, okay.

Right.

I remember.

He's if you move the height all the way up and you're like, that's, it feels like it's, it's an attack on other people who have to stay next to him.

Um, well, I want to plug, uh, let's see.

Freedom is my other podcast that comes out on Thursdays.

That's with Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkis.

It's just the three of us and it's just us sitting around as ourselves, uh, shooting the shit and playing games and stuff that comes out on thursdays.

So subscribe to that wherever you can get podcasts.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

And you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting a little I missed.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the bar bag, open it up, open up the bar bag.

Make sure it's not good.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure you've got eyes again.

Open it.

Wow.

Yeah, I just got literally said, wow, and echoed, uh, me and the remix.

That was a Mac and Carol made the closing up 2021 remix.

Incredible.

Thank you so much for your remixes.

I don't think we've repeated one this entire year.

You guys have been doing great with the remixes.

But speaking of doing great with things, Bob, I want to thank you so much for being on the show.

I know there are a lot of podcasts you can be on and thank you for choosing ours.

You're welcome, Scott.

Good to see you.

It's great to see you in Francesca.

It's great to see you again.

Good luck being out there in Chicago, being poor and, uh, yeah.

I hope it's such a drag.

Yeah.

It's so stupid, but I have a whole stand up special that I release.

How long is it like did you come up with the whole hour or is it even more?

It's a two hour, two hours.

Oh my God.

That's almost an Irishman.

It's so funny.

Scott, my whole improv class gave me note.

It's so funny.

Everybody punch on those pages.

I can only imagine.

You're so hilarious at any time you're on the show.

I know you don't mean to be, but you just.

No, I mean to be.

Oh, now you mean to be funny?

Now I don't think you're that funny.

No, no, I'm not.

OK, and Skins.

Great to see you.

Good luck with your Ecligity Clank, of course, and I wish I had a catchphrase that I could end the show on, but all I can really say is we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Hear the.

the.
