---
layout: page
title: 706. J.B. Smoove, Carl Tart, Will Hines [5b5c4b89-4e08-49fe-96db-ad2b0023bd6e].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Is that a mirror on my ceiling, or am I just happy to see me?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm.

Interesting. Thank you so much to Professor Fourthkin for that catchphrase submission.

That is not me listening.

That is their actual username.

Professor Fourthkin.

Thank you so much.

Great to have a new catchphrase Submitter or Submistress.

Submistress.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm learning how to say welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

And this is an incredible event here.

We are three quarters back in the studio.

I say three quarters because one person is still here remotely.

But this is the first time we're learning, relearning how to do everything.

I'm learning how my body works.

I don't know what to do with my hands anymore while I do this show.

But I think I just leave them right here.

And don't pull a tube in.

That's really all that's expected of me.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

We have a fabulous show coming up for you today.

A little bit later we have an athlete slash actor.

That's very exciting.

We also have a sentient robot.

A senti?

I don't know if a sentient, yeah.

A little button post was on once.

Yeah, he was a sentient robot.

And shit got weird.

But before we get to them, we have an incredible entertainer on the show.

It's his first time on the show.

He is a legend at this point.

Not the kind of legend like Bigfoot where no one ever sees him.

And people don't know if he's real or not.

What I mean is a legendary entertainer.

Been in the biz for if I had to guess going, he's in his third decade, I would imagine at this point, in the biz, you know him from the new Spider-Man movies.

You know him from the Harley Quinn animated series.

It's out right now.

You know him from Saturday Night Live.

And most importantly, you know him.

He plays Leon on curb your enthusiasm.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, JB Smoove.

Hey man, what's going down?

Hey, how are you?

I wouldn't mind being Sasquatch famous.

You know what I'm saying?

Sasquatch famous.

I mean, everyone's heard of Sasquatch.

Now here's the thing.

There's Bigfoot and then there's Sasquatch.

What if it fucking around and there's two different people?

You know what I'm saying?

That's the thing.

Everyone considers Bigfoot and Sasquatch to be the same person.

But I think they're two different guys.

We don't know.

With two different responsibilities.

Two different sides feet and everything.

Yeah, Sasquatch has really tiny feet.

I think Sasquatch wears like a toddler's, like a booty.

Have you ever heard of a booty?

He also has a toddler's booty as well.

A really tiny booty.

I think Sasquatch is a whole different person.

I really do.

Bigfoot.

You know what I mean?

He's somebody totally different.

You see his prints and shit in the grass.

You know he's been through there.

You know he's been.

If Bigfoot's been in your grass, you know it.

You can fuck around and mistaken Sasquatch feet for squirrel feet any time.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, Sasquatch comes through your yard.

You'll never know unless you have a camera set up or something.

Never know.

With his tiny booty.

Who is more famous do you think?

Who is Bigfoot or the Loch Ness monster?

No, shit.

Let me see.

I don't know.

Because once I heard it was a sighting with Bigfoot riding on the back of Loch Ness.

So that shit right there.

You see that was a sighting?

It was just a hallucination.

But yeah, it was a sighting.

He was like what the fuck?

People more than one person saw this.

Oh yeah, one of my persons saw that shit.

That would be the greatest day of anyone's life.

If they're off there in Mary Old England, they're at whatever pond Loch Ness monster is in.

Suddenly he rises up out of the deep and you're like, whoa, I'm fucking seeing him.

I'm seeing the Loch Ness monster.

And then Bigfoot is on the back just going like, whoa.

Rod of his head, rod of his head.

Just riding his ass.

AKA having sex with him.

And another difference between Bigfoot and Sasquatch is Sasquatch, he manscapes a lot.

So he's more groomed.

Yeah, well, he can pass for you.

But exactly.

Now Bigfoot, his shit is all matted.

He's just all matted.

And fucking his hair is all matted.

Because I'm a fucking, he hasn't been manscaped in years.

You hear me?

A lot of people thought that Sasquatch was Charlie Manson.

That he just shaved off everything except that big beard.

And then carved the swastika in his head.

And then you never fucking know.

You never know.

These days, you never know.

These days, you don't know.

You don't fucking know.

That's the key.

You don't know.

That is the perfect thing to say.

Well, you are, in my mind, you are as legendary as Bigfoot, primarily because I'm more interested in you than in Bigfoot because I'm a comedy fan.

But we had to get that out because those are things that people want to know.

These are the issues that people want to fucking know.

Exactly.

And we settled a lot.

Thank you.

And thank you for being on this show to settle these issues.

And I did want to mention, I didn't mention it in your intro.

You have a new podcast called May I Elaborate Daily Wisdom from JB Smooth.

That's right.

That's right, man.

It's so fun.

Is this daily like the Daily Show, which is only on four days a week, or is this literally like seven a week?

This is, no, we are daily means five days a week.

Five days a week.

That's right.

You're daily when you're on.

We're daily when we're fucking on.

So Monday through Friday, we are on the weekend.

I always say the weekend I get people's time to fuck up.

And then I un-fucking up on Monday.

You fix them.

Yeah.

I fix them.

The Coldplay Special.

Yeah, yeah.

You come back fucked up and I un-fucked you up.

It takes two full business or non-business days, I guess, to fuck your life up on the weekend.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

People do it all the time.

They come back fucked up and I just un-fucking up.

I guess it starts at like 5 p.m. on Friday, right?

And then you have all of Saturday, all of Sunday.

I'm like an intravenous in your arm through the week.

But instead of your arm, shit is in your neck.

They have direct access to your stupid ass brain.

And you walk around with that shit.

And you can choose to wear a hospital gown if you want to.

That's what that look, any podcast you could choose to wear a hospital gown if you want to as far as I've considered.

But I'm not one of the fours should do it.

You can do it if you want to.

If people want to put it on one now, look, we'll wait.

Let's just wait approximately like 30 seconds for them to get their clothes off in a hospital gown.

What do you say?

Yeah, the main thing is that you get the mental nutrients that you fucking need through the week.

That's right.

So this is daily.

This is you.

How long are the episodes?

Are these like four hours a day?

No, no, about about about 12 to 15 minutes.

It's a little more so I say more so of fucking life lessons and shit.

So what do you, why did you want to do this?

How did you come up with the idea for the show?

And how does it work?

I know there's three questions, but I'd like you to answer them all simultaneously.

But yeah, so here's what happens.

You know, you know, people need shit like this.

And I've always been one to give shit away all the time.

And one time I was on a flight going from New York to from LA to New York.

And this motherfucker proceeded in first class next to me to talk to me.

Why is he a motherfucker?

First of all, because you know what?

I use that lightly, you know.

Oh, OK, the lightest way to cause a motherfucker.

I don't use that heavy handed.

I use that lightly, you know what I mean?

And he proceeded to talk to me.

I plan to put my hat off my face and go to sleep for five hours, five and a half hours, whatever it takes.

What kind of hat do you have that covers your entire faces?

Is this like an Abraham Lincoln top hat?

Follow us.

So borrow OK, so borrow.

You all have to bring us some braero on to a plane.

A fucking some braero.

That shit is like, yo, that shit is the snuggie of the hat of the hat world.

Of that fucking sambrero.

That fucking sambrero fuck that.

And if you miss the drinks and the peanuts, they put that shit right on the top of the sambrero.

They put them in the brim, yeah.

And you get in all the nachos and all that kind of stuff.

It's great.

You still get your shit.

You know what I'm saying?

Perfect plane apparel.

Yeah.

And then do talk the shit out of me all the way, all the way from tick off the landing, talk the fuck out of me.

You know what I mean?

And I say, you know what?

And I help them.

I fix this ass.

You know, his ass was all fucking discombobulated.

He didn't know what the fuck they do.

His relationship life was fucked up, his job life.

He was lucky to be in first class.

You know what I mean?

He got to upgrade because you know what?

Because the universe forced him into that upgrade to sit next to me.

Oh, interesting.

He needed this.

And I needed to give it to him.

You know what I'm saying?

Because that's a lot of shit in my head.

I got to get out.

Thus, the show, May I Elaborate, allows me to reach more people at one time rather than one person.

One person.

Yeah, because you can't just go around taking plane trips with your sambrero, hoping to talk to one person at a time.

You know, hoping one poor person gets an upgrade and gets to sit next to you, you know?

Yeah, man.

Like you got to reach the masses with this.

Yeah.

I don't know what I'm not.

He wasn't even poor.

He just, you know, just limited seating in first class.

But he got enough miles to get an upgrade.

That's fucking sure.

More fucking have more miles to me.

He had more miles to me.

He logged.

He logged in miles.

If I had a plane company, what do they call those airlines?

If I had an airline, I would make every seat first class.

You know what?

Here's what fuck I would do on a plane.

I would make half the plane first class seats for everybody's luxury.

And then don't keep the seats behind that.

The next wave of seats, which can go for like rock bottom prices, like fucking little to nothing for those fucking seats.

Five dollars.

But right.

But you got to, it's like the last 10 rolls of the plane.

Like you really got to go somewhere.

You really got to get there.

And these are only lap seats.

You got to sit in another motherfucker's lap.

But a whole fucking flight.

See?

But it's fine.

It's fine.

Fucking.

How many people do you think would actually take?

People would take that shit.

They would sit in somebody's fucking lap for five dollars.

For five dollars?

They'd be sold out the entire time.

What about the laps that are being sat in?

Do they get a discount of five dollars?

Everybody's fucking down.

You switch up and have it to the flight.

You switch up.

What's going to happen is when somebody's sitting here and laughing five hours, your legs get sleepy.

Your legs fall asleep.

And your legs get tingly.

And in front of the floor, sleep with your circulation fucked up.

See?

You get up and you go to the restroom.

And you come back and you sit on their lap.

See?

You switch off.

You can't sit on flight.

This is the perfect plan.

Meanwhile, in first class, if you want someone to sit in your lap.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

First class is first class.

It's golden.

You don't.

But what if they wanted?

What if they wanted?

No, no, no.

You would get arrested by the air marshal.

Especially in this climate with canceled culture, am I right?

And I'll tell you one thing I would do.

I would sell that bathroom seat too.

I would sell that fucking toilet bowl seat.

Correct.

And that's the only person that can go to the bathroom the entire trip.

No, no, no, no.

So we're not going to do it.

You got to switch out.

Then you go back in there, but sit down.

This is a good plan.

Let's start an airline together.

What should we call it?

I got ideas for airlines.

I got fucking ideas, man.

Ocker smooth?

Is that what we could call it?

I'll give you smooth ocker if you want.

I like that.

I like whatever.

Look, I'm open to the idea.

Lap seats are going to tick off like the fucking plane tick.

So it's going to be amazing.

I think I think we go 50-50 on this for the profits.

I think it's 90-10 for you putting the 90 for the funding.

And I'm going to expand the range of animals you could bring on the plane for.

Yes.

Why is it only comfort dogs or cats occasionally a bird?

No, I'm going to span that shit because that's bullshit.

Tiger, you should be able to bring your fucking snake on the plane and let them out.

So he wraps himself around you like a scarf and you wear that fucking...

Someone said, oh, love these scarf.

He said, no, this is my fucking both of the split.

The script is good to fucking...

How are we ever going to get to the future that snakes on a plane promised us without being able to take the snakes on the plane?

Hey, and like on the Flintstones, a snake makes a good belt to a good ass belt.

That's true.

That's the thing.

All the things on the Flintstones, we've talked about the Flintstones extensively on this show.

What would your Flintstones name be, by the way?

Oh, man.

You know how they changed the last name to be some sort of sedimentary?

I like the...

I like...

I love countertops and shit.

So I do like marble and I do like granite and marble.

Okay.

It's not really a pun on smooth though.

It's not as pun on smooth but I do like those two.

Those are my two favorite ones.

What about this?

JB Rock.

Now everybody got rock.

There's too many rock.

I know but it's the easiest ones.

What else?

I mean, Chris Rock has it easy.

He's just like, hey, I work at the Flintstones.

I work at modern day.

It could be anywhere.

Yep.

A good poor name is Bam Bam though.

You know what I mean?

That's true.

Yeah.

I mean, that's the sound of snakes when you have sex.

The ultimate of fucking poor names, Bam Bam.

I love that shit.

So JB, how does the show work?

How do...

What do you do?

You actually like...

So this is what I do.

Yeah, this is what I do.

I get these amazing, amazing...

I'm gonna have a whole one up.

I know people are listening but I get these amazing calendars.

And what I do here...

For the listener, JB is holding up a calendar.

Yes, it's a book, a calendar book.

And it's all the affirmations throughout the year.

So I take these amazing affirmations and I remix them.

I remix them and I give you clarity because a lot of these...

A lot of times these Zen books for the year calendar, sometimes they confuse people.

Right.

They read...

They're too hoity-toity.

They talk in language that people don't understand.

They get it but they don't got it.

You see?

Can you do one for us?

Is that possible?

Can you do a little example of this for us?

I don't know.

I mean, I just make clarity of it.

So if you want to throw one out there, I'll try my best in the moment to make clarity of it to give you some direction for the day.

Okay, here's one.

I found one online.

Yeah.

Okay.

My heart is open.

I speak with loving words.

Yeah.

Here's what this is.

This is open.

This is what the fuck this means.

It's a table and having surgery.

Open heart surgery.

Right?

And then that's...

Now read the second part to me again.

The second part is I speak with loving words.

Yes.

You...

Here's what happens normally when you go to surgeries.

You have a fucking...

If not, you'll have to fuck out.

You're fucking out for the whole surgery.

They operate on your ass and it's like 10, 15 people in here.

Because what?

When you wake the fuck up from that surgery and you're healing, you don't meet all 15, 20 motherfuckers in there.

Sometimes they may have interns who are fucking learning how to operate on your ass.

You are the test fucking dummy.

Right?

So this time you land on a fucking operating table and it gave you a sedative that's not going to put you out.

You can sit there and praise these motherfuckers and give them their flowers while you are wide awake with your fucking chest wide to fuck open and your heart wide to fuck open.

And you can lean your head up a little bit, pull a little pillow.

I wouldn't know what.

Get one of those airplane pillows and put that shit behind your neck and you pop your head up a little bit and you can see what the fuck is going on.

And this amazing doctor, this fucking amazing personality.

You're telling you jokes, you're fucking laughing through the surgery.

See, that's how fucking surgery should be.

But now this means that you are, you are, you are able to give these surgeons while saving your fucking life.

They have flowers by your up and they're appreciative of the love you're showing them.

You're smiling.

You know what?

You say, and they say some shit like, oh, you got another issue.

And here, don't worry, I'll take care of it.

You're going to say, you're a fucking man, doctor.

See, to why they're in there, they might as well fix some other shit.

You know, maybe you got a fucking acid reflux or some shit that recurs all the fucking time.

Why are you in that motherfucker?

He got the chest open and shit.

He said, I'm going to fix your heart.

But I see you got a little issue with acid reflux over here on your fucking tonsils and shit.

So I'm going to go in here and fix that shit while I'm already got you open.

Yeah.

Give me plastic surgery while I'm in there.

You know, like whatever, like, give me a nose job.

Give me a, you know, fix my chin.

You know, give me lipo, everything.

Like, do it all soup to nuts.

It's like going to Jiffy Lube.

You go to Jiffy Lube, right?

Yeah.

You want to get your car up there and say, oh, man, I see you're due for oil change.

But your fucking rear differential needs to be changed too.

You want to ride around with that fucking fuck that bad oil and that rear differential because one day you'll be riding around.

That's the overheat and then they call it oil viscosity.

Your oil.

Yes.

It's a viscosity has broken down and this is good.

This is good.

And viscosity, here's the difference in viscosities.

See, motor oil got a high viscosity.

Don't you dare get a fucking oil change and put some goddamn extra virgin olive oil.

Your goddamn car.

Don't do it.

You're ruining that guy.

You're ruining that fucking car.

You hear me?

You'll fuck that car up.

A car won't run right.

It won't run right.

You're saying baby oil, don't you ever do that shit.

You put that baby oil in your car.

It's a rat.

It's a fucking rat.

It's going to be soft, but it's not go start.

You don't want your car to be soft.

Fuck yeah, you do.

Sometimes you do.

Sometimes you would prefer the soft embrace of your car rather than being.

You better embrace your fucking car as she takes care of you.

It transports you where you need to go.

That's your motor transportation.

It's almost like being in the womb in a way.

Like you love your mother.

Why don't you love your car?

Why not?

Why the fuck not?

See, that's what I do.

I make clarity.

See how clear that was?

Thank you.

And this is what may I elaborate does myself and my whole co-host, Miles, we go in.

Miles keeps me kind of, he keeps people safe.

Sometimes I go off the rails and I give people advice and don't make no fucking sense.

Now that didn't happen in the previous example.

In my mind it makes sense.

In my mind it made sense obviously.

And what we do is we take our 15 minutes of your time which is minimal.

Who doesn't have 15 minutes?

Who the fuck don't have 15 minutes?

You know what I mean?

Just like if you seriously don't have 15 minutes cut out something else in your life.

Like talking to your kids or your wife.

Yeah.

So I don't take away from other things that are also important.

Like eating, you know.

No, you got to eat.

You got to sleep at least 13 hours a day.

Yeah.

You got to give her the bam bam.

You better give her the bam bam bam.

But bam bam he never said bam bam.

He always said bam bam bam.

That was his rhythm.

So why didn't they call him bam bam bam?

I don't fucking know.

All I know is every time he said bam on the show he would say bam bam bam bam.

That would be what you would say.

Which is a great porn rhythm to have.

Oh yeah.

If your stroke is like that and it's bam bam bam bam.

I mean that's the way to do it.

And that's a rhythm that you and your partner must.

Must.

Sit here too.

Yeah, exactly.

And that's the rhythm you have developed and that's the rhythm you must stick to all the time.

I'm going to change that shit up because no one changed it up.

Never.

If you change it up, you want to think you've been bam bam bam and somebody else.

See.

Where did you learn that other bam bam bam bam?

Well, hey, why you changed the bam bam up?

See?

Yes, exactly.

So you want your sex to be exactly the same every single time.

The same amount of pumps, the same amount of strokes.

You get ladies get used to that shit.

I mean it's fucking.

You don't want to think you bam bam and somebody else.

I was always telling you, just be cautious.

And if you're fooling around, make sure you put your pants back on the right way.

Sometimes God's be Russian and put the ****.

They pull a crisscross.

Put the sweatpants put a sweatpants on backwards and that'll have the string to the sweatpants in the back.

And then they get home and **** and ladies said, Hey baby, I missed you.

What the **** these strings doing in the back of your **** pants?

You had your pants off today?

Oh, baby.

Oh, baby, you know why **** with my pants off?

Come on.

You have these elaborate lies about shooting with your pants off.

Hey, you better have one ready, but I have to have a good one ready.

Always have a good day.

Always have a good one ready to go.

Convention your pocket like a **** in your pocket in your wallet.

You can always have a good one, a good excuse.

Ready to go.

You better have it ready to go.

And the crazier the better because people don't believe these believable excuses.

I'm giving you, I'm giving you things.

These are **** jewels.

I'm giving you right now.

And I'm your gems.

If you don't listen to this podcast, let me tell you what it is.

You **** up.

See?

Yes.

Not you.

No, not me.

You **** up.

See, the only thing that saves your **** you can binge is you can still binge the first two weeks of this show.

See, they already say if you're giving for the right reasons, they should come back to you.

So as I'm see, as I'm giving to people, the **** is regenerating and coming back to me.

Yes.

And that's why you do it.

You're this kind of person.

You will find your reward in the Kingdom of Heaven, I'm sure.

And for doing this podcast, I think podcasters will be led in through the gates first.

Don't you?

Oh, **** it will.

It will be.

It'll be you, me, Conan O'Brien, the three podcasters.

Damn right.

That's what it's going to be.

The three podcasters.

The three people on Mount Podmore.

Maybe Mark Marin gets up there.

We don't know.

There's a rope.

There's a guy standing there and he points to certain people and he said you and you come, he'll point to you and you got to come around everybody and say, excuse me, excuse me.

I have a podcast.

Pardon me.

I must all the other TV stars and other motherfuckers who do it at athletes and shit like that.

I like the coach back there.

And you know, all kind of those kind of people, you guys bypass these mother.

That's right.

Because there are no real podcast awards.

I know there are some, but there aren't like Grammys or Emmys or Oscars for podcasts.

We will receive our rewards from God himself.

Directly, directly.

Direct access, baby.

And that's no disrespect to anybody else out there who uses their voice.

No, of course not.

Don't mess radio motherfuckers.

Fuck them.

They'll be first in hell.

You better plan yourself.

Yeah.

I think we have a good insight into your process and how this podcast works at this point.

Yeah.

Exactly how it works.

It's part, you know, elaborations, hallucinations, you know me?

And sometimes when you get what you need, confirmations.

It's all the nation, it's all the sons, according to sons, the T.I.O. and S.

The sons.

See?

It's all about the sons.

The sons.

Yeah.

Erections.

See?

If you have one of those, the last more than five hours, consult your doctor.

It's the fucking sons.

Life is about the sons.

It truly, truly is.

And speaking of another shun, we have to talk about your television show.

I like, I like, man, I'm not how you make a quick right turn, did a quick left.

I'm the best.

The best segue are in the business.

You turn, did a fucking, you turn.

I love that shit.

But we have to talk about curve your enthusiasm.

You've been filming, have you not?

And you, isn't the show coming out relatively soon?

We don't have a date, but have you, have you been out there doing scenes and stuff?

I'm beyond this, man.

I just, I just personally rap yesterday.

Whoa.

Me, personally.

I just, so you got a, you got a season rap yesterday.

Did everyone applaud for you?

Isn't that the best feeling?

Oh, yeah, they applaud for you.

Fuck yeah.

They do.

That's, that's common courtesy to, to someone who's been on the show.

And we all get, we all get out a moment.

See, see, I told you, I told you earlier, man, when I give you shit, remember what I gave you earlier, I said, motherfucking, want their flowers?

They want their fucking flowers, why they're sitting, everybody's sitting up.

See.

So is there anything you can tell us about this season of, of, of, obviously, you just wrapped yesterday, it's still fresh in your mind.

Do you have a, do you have a, any particular episode that you're like, Hey, look out for this one.

You can just give us a number.

You don't even have to tell us what it's about.

I cannot, I cannot give you.

You can't even say like episode seven is good.

I cannot give you shit.

I cannot.

Because I, I'm gonna tell you why.

It's exactly why I tell us this shit all the time.

So I, I go to work to do this show, right?

But I go to work as, as an actor on the show and I go to work as a fan of this motherfucker.

So when I do my shit, that's what I do.

I fucking leave.

Fucking leave.

Because you want to see it when it actually comes out.

I, I, I want to watch the shit like a real person.

When I had a TV show, I would ask for a mind wipe at the end of the season.

I would get amnesia or if mind wipe technology hadn't been invented in the first couple of seasons.

So I'd ask someone to hit me in the head really, really hard.

So I'd have amnesia.

And then I would forget everything and I'd watch the show like a regular person and enjoy it just as much as they all did.

That's what the fuck you need.

Anyone of those, one of those wands off of a men in black and a, yeah, a neuralizer.

Wave their shit in front of your face.

Or a wand from Harry Potter.

We're not picking when it comes to a wand.

I'll fuck around with Harry Potter.

You don't fuck around with Harry Potter?

Because sometimes they fucking wave that fucking wand and turn you to a motherfucker to hold some shit like that.

And then the fucking wand and then they put the wand in their back pocket and then sit down and shit they have lunch and then the wand breaks.

Suddenly it breaks.

It breaks in half and now you can't fucking change me back from a fucking toad sitting in the fucking pond.

So that's why you don't fuck around with Harry Potter.

You're right.

I didn't think about the wand snapping in half.

You are susceptible to somebody fucking up and leaving that wand in their back pocket.

What about Lord of the Rings?

Do you fuck around with him?

You know what?

I might fuck around with Lord of the Rings though.

I like that shit.

He's got all those rings.

He's the Lord of them.

Yeah.

I fucking love that shit.

That's different.

That's Lord of the Rings.

But what I would do is I would open up a jury store and sell wedding bands among the fuckers.

See?

I want to go 50-50 on this one as well.

For the profits, of course, I need you to front all of the money.

I got you.

Don't worry.

You already said this shit out to the universe.

I'm saying the universe, the universe, see, people forget about the universe.

The universe won't forget shit.

That's right.

People forget about it because it's so big.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Keep fucking around.

In this respect to the universe, the universe runs all this shit.

You know what I mean?

Well, people forget about the universe, but no one will forget about your podcast.

May I elaborate daily wisdom from JB Smoove.

It is out now.

There's only two weeks of it out right now.

You can catch up really easily and then listen to it Monday through Friday, then fuck your life up on Saturday and Sunday and then come back to you.

And I always say, feel free.

And I always throw that out on Fridays.

Feel free to fuck your life up.

Yeah.

This is what the weekend is made for.

Feel free because when you come back, I'm going to sweeten this shit out again.

I'll get you back.

Don't worry.

I'll get you back.

Wonderful.

Well, we have to take a break, JB, if that's okay.

But you can stick around, right?

We have an athlete slash actor coming up.

That's exciting.

I love it.

Not sure who it is.

I haven't gotten that person's name yet, just a description.

And we also have a sentient robot.

So exciting show.

Yo, I love robots.

You love just what about non-santient robots?

They're just like a Roomba.

Do you love robots like that?

I love all robots.

All robots matter.

Don't, don't, don't fuck around and disrespect robots.

The robots, they all have a purpose on this fucking planet.

You know how many robots?

A lot of robots took motherfuckers' jobs out there in the world.

So that's true.

All right, we need to go to a break.

When we come back, we'll have more show, more JB Smooth, more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here with JB Smooth, Kerb, your enthusiasm.

SNL, we never even got to your SNL Dreamcast, where you pick seven people and one has to do update.

I mean, you worked on the show for quite a bit of time.

If you throw out some names, who would you pick for your SNL Dreamcast?

God damn it.

Is this, no, wait a minute, is this existing?

This is you are smart.

You are smart about this.

Anyone in the world, anyone who has ever existed.

Oh man.

Including fictional characters.

Oh shit, man.

God damn.

Whoo, who would I use?

Let me see it now.

Including damn, it's a lot of cartoon characters that I think would be great.

Bugs Bunny has like a Chevy Chase kind of thing about this sarcasm.

I like Daffy.

You might.

Daffy.

Okay.

Does Daffy do update?

Fuck yeah, Daffy does update.

Daffy does update for sure.

I fucking love Daffy.

Daffy has a way of overreacting for shit and I like his passion for the topics.

You know what I mean?

I love that dude.

So he's kind of like a Dennis Miller type, you know, like going over the top a little bit.

He's not the dry Kevin Kneelen type.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Not at all.

Who else I do?

I love.

Let me see here.

See who do I love?

Who do I fucking love?

SNL characters.

You got to have someone who's a little heavy because it's always funny heavy jokes.

They do once in a while.

Right.

I just love Chris Farley, man.

Yeah.

So who's like the fattest person in history?

Oh, fuck man.

You know, maybe that person who's airlifted out of their house.

Yeah.

I like, oh, yeah.

They'd be great.

So anybody anybody from my 600 pound life, anybody.

Okay.

Anyway, any of those cast members, just want to just you just because a lot of them have amazing personalities, yes, they need to be out and about.

Now, I don't know if they can leave the studio, but they can leave the studio.

We can keep them in there in studio eight age.

Yeah.

It's just harder to knock a wall down to get them out sometimes, but you know, no disrespect, but I think they are amazing people.

And I think everyone should have an opportunity to shine.

Everyone should be on SNL.

Don't you think like every single person in the world should have at least one episode of SNL that they get to be on.

Yeah, they need to throw a few athletes in there, some battle.

No, I think LeBron would be good on the show too.

LeBron would be great.

What about a little guy by the name of Jesus H Christ?

No, I think I think I think people get uncomfortable.

I think people get uncomfortable.

People get weirded out being in the same room as here.

What to laugh at.

They don't know what to laugh at.

Yeah.

It's like, if I don't laugh at this joke, is it a sin?

Yeah.

People on camera looking at each other like, should we laugh at this?

You know, let's be left.

Yeah, keep him and get him out of here.

He's got enough.

He's got enough going on.

But we're going to have him.

You're going to have somebody filthy like the devil.

You got to have somebody.

The devil would be funny.

He get oozing odds all the time.

He get oozing odds.

Like, oh, that's so bad.

Every sketch he gets oozing odds.

Oh, you know what I mean?

He gets oozing odds all the time.

This is a good catch.

I like Tiger King too.

Put that motherfucker bit.

Tiger King Tiger Woods.

Tiger King, anyone named Tiger?

I think he's...

No, no, no, no, no.

Tiger, I don't trust Tiger Woods.

But Tiger King...

Why did you trust Tiger Woods?

I don't know.

With a joke or just like around anyone?

I don't trust him with a joke.

I don't know.

I just don't trust him with a joke.

He's got that fist pump down really well.

But I don't want to see that all the time.

You don't want to see that in every sketch.

He's just doing the big fist pump.

Tiger King, the Tiger King out the fucking prison and put his ass on the show.

He was funny on that documentary.

You'd probably be funny on that, isn't it?

Oh, probably that motherfucker hilarious.

That's a lot.

That's a fucking lot.

And bring a few Tigers too.

Bring a few Tigers.

Why you're at it.

You're the king of them.

But loose Tigers.

I want me to Tigers in a cage.

I mean, just loose Tigers walking around the set.

Just prowling around.

Well, JB, throughout the show, if you ever think of anyone who should be on SNL, just shout it out in the middle of whatever we're saying.

I will definitely do that.

I will definitely throw some names out.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is an athlete slash actor.

And this is incredible.

Oh, he's been on the show before.

I see who this is.

He's been on the show before.

He was very popular in the 70s and the 80s.

And I lost track of him in the 90s.

And I'm not quite sure what he's been up to since then.

But he's been on the show a few times.

Please welcome back to the show, O.J. Simpson.

My God.

Scott, let me tell you something.

For you to call me and say the first day back in the studio, I couldn't think of any other guests to have.

But my best friend, O.J.

Simpson.

Scott, I tell you.

It's an honor.

It's a privilege.

I love you.

You've been such an incredible guest on this show.

Like I say, I was a big fan in the 70s when you won that.

What's that trophy where the guy sticks his eyes?

That's the husband.

I won the husband in the 60s.

You're aging me, Scott.

You put me back there.

You put me back.

I tell you what I did do in the 70s though.

JB, you might know this.

I hosted S&L.

That's right.

Yeah.

I hosted S&L.

In 1979, I did a cone head sketch.

I got to put on all the prosthetics and the makeup.

And in my monologue, I talked about the oriental.

I missed it.

I got to go back and check it out.

You got to go back and watch that.

I'm sure it's on Pico.

The juice.

How you doing, man?

Look at you, man.

Hey, you're very outspoken all the time when I see you online.

Let me tell you something.

After my little incident, I got online.

And my second one, you know what I went to get my stuff back.

Oh, I heard a little something about it, but I don't think so.

But I got online.

I got on the Twitter.

My daughter, she's so embarrassed by it.

But I'm happy to be there.

And I'm happy to talk about anything that anybody wants to talk about.

Politics is a real hot button topic these days.

Of course, COVID-19, we all got the vaccine.

I was one of the first people to get the shot.

I walked in that hospital.

I said, stick me.

I said, stick me good.

Frankly, I deserve it.

They must have been, yeah, they must have been just big fans of yours.

Huge fans.

Everybody was taking pictures.

Everybody was so happy to see me there.

And JB, I'm glad that you follow me online.

I'll follow you back.

I'm sure follow you back and we can communicate.

And you take care.

No, I don't follow you.

It seems like some kind of virus that keeps coming back.

I don't know.

I keep popping up in your feet.

I don't know how the fuck you keep doing it.

But somehow you keep popping the fuck up in my timeline and shit.

Well, hey, I'm happy to be promoted in other people's time.

I tell you that much.

True.

I mean, in this timeline, you've had such an amazing career.

I mean, our timeline of our reality.

Absolutely.

And you've had such a fascinating career from football to the naked guns and then some stuff happened after that I'm not familiar with.

Yeah, you guys were talking about it.

I'll tell you what happened after that.

I wrapped on all those movies and they clapped for me on my rap day.

Wow.

They clapped for me good.

Do they give you 33 and a third claps on that third one?

God, you're such a card.

And after I did a little sketch show called Juiced, a little prank show that I had.

I don't remember that.

And they clapped for me.

Wow.

That's incredible.

I mean, you don't remember juiced?

I do not remember.

I remember the movie Juice with who is in that?

The guy from Menace to Society was it?

I can't remember.

Just call me Angel of the morning.

I'm just saying.

Thank you.

OK, well, we're not ending right here.

I know you keep saying take care like you're leaving.

He always says that.

He always said that.

All right.

JB was the Juice here, a big inspiration to you getting into comedy.

I mean, I'm a JB.

You have those naked gun movies.

He's so funny in him.

Not at all, man.

To go ask football player, stiff, you know, the right good lines for him.

He's fucking says it.

Come on.

Come on, JB.

When you're popular during that time, let's just slide.

You tell him to hear one of the big Nordberg fans, JB.

Come on.

Give me a little love, JB.

I'm just saying.

I'll be honest.

I'll be honest, man.

I might have rented a car from that company used to run through the airport for.

Hurts.

Maybe.

Maybe I've rented a few cars from them.

Maybe.

Did you have any?

Did you have any ISO Turner gloves?

I know you're from the Northeast.

No, man.

No, I'm more thick kind of winter gloves more so like not the driving gloves or or, you know, slashing glove or whatever.

But you know, you ever endorse any shoes?

Any any kind of shoes or anything like that?

Bruno Molly.

Oh, OK.

You have any of those?

You have any Bruno's?

You have any Bruno's JB?

You know what?

Not not anymore.

Not anymore.

I used to.

You used to.

What about what about the Bruce Willis album, The Return of Bruno?

Oh, man.

Yeah.

I like Bruno Morris.

Yeah.

I mean, that's almost like Bruce Willis if he were to be popular in music.

Yeah.

I like that kid too.

He's one of the Orientals.

OK, I don't we don't say that anymore.

I know.

I don't know what's happened to you since the 90s.

I was all in juice.

Do do since very outspoken, man.

Or unspoken.

I don't know what it is.

What it is.

Not quite sure where we're landing.

So what do you what?

I mean, this is the first time I've seen you.

How was your entire COVID experience?

You know what?

I'm glad you asked Scott.

It was hard for me.

It was hard for me being in isolation, being on lockdown.

You know, I had a hard time doing it.

And honestly, I gotta be honest.

I had to take some calculated risks.

I had to get out there a little bit.

What'd you end up doing?

You know, I live in Vegas and Vegas.

They shut down for a while.

Sure.

And then they opened up like three weeks later and we're like, we're back, baby.

Yeah.

And I had to go down to that casino and do a little gambling every now and then.

And I still got up there on the golf course, which Anthony Fauci said was okay.

You know, he said it was okay.

Being outside is being outside with your friends and your pals.

And you know, we're all older guys.

So our COVID risks were much higher.

Sure.

Yeah.

And so, you know, anybody we're out there lighting up cigars and if somebody starts coughing, I say, Hey, man, you got to get out of here.

Cause you can kill us all.

I'm just saying take care.

Hey, a lot of these, a lot of these retired athletes are using a lot of the testosterone commercials and stuff like that.

How are you doing?

Ah, the new Genix.

Yeah.

I was, you know, I, I just had a call with my buddy Kurt Thomas, the big hurt.

That's as most people remember.

I'm not sure who that is.

He played for the White Sox.

Okay.

Yeah.

Don't you JB?

Yeah.

I don't know.

Yeah.

So he's in the, when I hear the big hurt, I think William hurt William hurt the hurt locker.

The hurt locker.

Hurt locker.

Hurt so good.

Come on, baby.

Make it hurt so good.

You know, somebody, somebody said that's, you know what?

I'm going to move past that, but okay.

Good.

I, you know, I got on the phone with him and I said, Hey man, is this new Genix stuff really working?

Are we really getting our own back, you know, because I'm back in the dating game.

I'm on Tinder, I'm on hinge.

Oh man.

I'm on Ryan, you know, that's the more surprising to me.

If I were on Tinder and suddenly your face popped up.

What's got to tell you?

I'm not looking for you, Scott.

I would, well, sure.

But I mean, if I were a woman in this happen, I would scream because I would just be so excited to see you.

Scott, if you were a woman, your name would be Scott.

If you ever pulled like a Ben Affleck thing where you, where you suddenly Instagram messaged me with a video and said, Hey, why'd you?

Hey Scott.

Oh, Jay, Scott, oh, Jay Simpson here.

I was wondering why you unmatched me.

It's me.

It's the real OJ.

Did you, did you make a mistake?

If so, here's my address.

You know what?

I'm just going to find you.

Scott, and I'll be over to your house.

And you got vaccinated?

I'm treated like a bath.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

What's my name?

Jonathan and Jonathan, the Madera.

I got the Madera.

I got them.

I tell you what, after I got that Madera, I was the second dose I got.

I tell you, I was on my bottom for about 24 hours.

I feel like I've been just attacked.

Well, it also, it hurts to have something stuck into your skin, doesn't it?

You're telling me that area that they were that they stuck in the olein was sore for about three days, honestly.

Yeah.

And that was one of the first ones.

So they were still working on it.

Did they wear gloves when they when they injected that into your bag?

I handed out isotorners to everybody.

I handed out.

Do they fit?

I asked you hand sizes and I gave you one.

Oh, you came in and asking some hand sizes.

And I handed out one size too small to every single person.

And I said, take care.

Take care of the care.

I'm just saying take care of your all your cat trays.

All the cat phrases.

I love it.

I just know that if it wasn't for all the shit you've been through, you know, I know I don't know what you're talking about because I lost track of OJ during the 90s.

But I'm not saying if none of that, if you, I can't say if you didn't get to subcored up in that shit.

Oh, you're talking about when I went and got my stuff back.

All of your memory, Velia?

Yeah.

Oh, no.

Let's go a little further back.

I have no memory of these years.

If it wasn't for all the things you could have been so popular, maybe you had a juice.

You could have had a juice already popular.

I mean, you could have had so many juice shops.

I mean, you would have been a billionaire by now.

You know what?

I'm juicing, juicing everything, fruit, socks, jambi.

You would have been this spokesperson for Jonathan Juice.

Yeah.

And open and open everything, juice, every fucking thing, underwear, juice, socks, juice, everything you can juice.

Just pull a juice out of everything.

Juice Newton's.

I, everything.

Oh my God.

You would have been.

You and you would have had to have been co-post sponsors.

You would have been a billionaire by now.

I will say, juice sucks everywhere.

After I wrapped on that thing, I got a big applause break too.

I just think from all the black of America, black America, I got a huge applause after I wrapped on that, whatever happened in the television show.

People were in the streets as I recall.

People, I don't remember a bit.

People are in the streets.

A lot was going on.

A lot was going on, man.

A lot was going on, juice.

Well, look, we have to take a break if that's OK.

That's fine with me.

You can stick around though, juice, I hope.

Take care.

OK, that means you're staying.

All right.

We will be right back with more comedy, bang, bang.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We are here with JB Smoove.

Have you thought of any new Saturday Night Live people since we asked the question, JB?

You know what?

I have.

I want to bring people back, man.

You know, because I'm from the heyday of comedy.

I think Jeannie would have been amazing.

Who is this?

Barbara Eaton.

Oh, I dream of Jeannie.

Yeah, of course.

But Jeannie herself, Jeannie.

Yes, the character, right.

The character.

Jeannie, oh, man.

How funny would that be like you're watching a sketch and suddenly something appears out of nowhere?

I love what she turns small and goes into a major Nelson's pocket.

That shit used to fucking have me laughing my ass off, man.

Okay.

Well, if you think of anyone else, just shout out the name no matter what we're doing.

Just shout out.

Mario Andretti.

I think he'll be fucking fabulous.

Perfect.

Mario Andretti.

I'm fucking mad.

I love.

I got to go people who I love, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

People who inspired me.

Marvin Gay would be awesome.

They all had some incredible gone too soon.

Fucking gone way too slow.

Cheep his dad out of the studio.

I just keep, I just like people who I love to be on this show, you know?

That's the way to do it.

Put a cast.

It's like the 1985 cast with Robert Downey Jr. and Randy Quay, just a bunch of people that you Anthony Michael Hall, people you love who aren't necessarily funny.

They're the best cast.

Yeah, they are the best cast because you got writers, writers, fans.

And Jeannie Sweeney.

I'm very sweetie.

That's right.

We also have OJ here, by the way, who we have not mentioned being one of the cast, but you're probably better as host.

Listen, I got monologue jokes for days.

Take care.

What we do need to get to our next guest, we mentioned him before he is a sentient robot.

Please welcome him for the first time on the show, Gary the Robot.

Hey, nice to be here.

So nice to meet you.

Hey, thanks for having me.

Everything's cool and chill and I'm happy.

Is your cast raise?

Hey, you've said it twice already.

I guess it could be.

Yeah.

I guess maybe I'm trying to force that a little bit.

It could be.

A little early, I don't know.

Maybe we'll have to see how it plays out.

We'll see if it sticks.

This is JB Smooth.

Hey, JB, nice to meet you.

I'm a robot.

Nice to meet you.

Hey, nice to meet you, man.

Yeah.

Oh, I love what you're doing, man.

I love the voice of the...

Thank you.

I just love that robots have their own lane nowadays and you're ticking over every...

Do you have our own lane?

We're doing all right.

You're doing okay.

I mean, you're not not...

You're not...

Things are up to, you know.

I mean, you're not quite a human level.

We still have ways to go.

We got our ways to go.

Yeah.

And I'm here to maybe ease the human robot relations a little.

Oh, good.

Well, speaking of relations between humans, this is O.J.

Simpson.

O.J. Simpson.

Hey, nice.

Let me do a quick mind to Google on you.

Oh, my.

You're checking my IMDB, aren't you?

Oh, well, I just assimilated all the data on you.

Well, it's interesting to meet you.

Hey, I tell you what.

I've been watching these videos online.

You know, I'm on the Twitter's now.

And I've been watching these Twitter videos online where these robots are doing backflips.

Yeah.

Well, I'm one of those.

I'm one of those.

You can see that I have like the white porcelain sort of plating.

Yeah.

And you can you dance to shout by the Isley brothers.

I can dance to shout by the Isley brothers.

I can do a little run.

Yeah.

Are you also like those robot cop dogs that they were?

I have.

One of those is my pet.

I have a robot.

Oh, wow.

They're taking those out of circulation, I believe, because they're so frightening.

They freak people out pretty.

So we took the robot dogs out.

I got one as a pet.

I got one right here.

Check them out, right?

Oh, God.

That's so scary.

Down boy down.

Watch your new base.

My every command down.

No, but your command to Scott.

Give him a command.

Really?

Do I worry about so, babe?

I'll get wired in.

I'll sit.

Wow.

Oh, he didn't do it.

Oh, you're sitting though.

Yep.

I just sat down.

Sorry.

Can I give him a command?

Sure.

Take care.

He did look at him.

Give him a.

He's relations.

Obviously with JB, relations are not strained at all.

He loves robots.

I fucking love robots.

Now they got these sexy robots.

They have a saw of those.

I believe it was in Japan.

They have the sexy robots, man.

I did a quick mind to Google on that.

Oh, my.

Yes.

That's like quick, by the way.

When you say a quick mind, Google, you immediately, I got a flash drive.

I don't have the old optical hard drives.

That's for friends who may ask after this interview, what's that skin made of of those robots?

Yeah.

Lady robots.

It's made up.

What is it made up to make it feel realistic?

Let me check me to a quick mind Google.

Are you made by Google?

I have a partnership.

I can also mind Bing, but it's slower.

And less comes up.

Let me try.

I'll do a mind Bing on the skin of the soft.

Do a mind Bing on OJ.

See if it is.

Oh, you're doing great here.

The Bing on OJ is nice.

The Bing on OJ stops at 1990.

Well, I'm sure it's made of vinyl, isn't that right?

A silicone.

What is your skin made of?

It looks really interesting.

It's a plastic hybrid.

Oh, okay.

A hybrid of different plastics or a hybrid of plastic and something else.

You could find Google on it.

I actually don't know.

Let me check.

Yeah, it's a hybrid of different plastics.

Oh, why are there different types of plastics?

I want to mix it up.

They want to night.

If you give an OJ, if you just give a quick wrap on my skin there, you can see it's a wrap on OJ.

Everyone.

I didn't mean to wrap OJ.

I'll take it everywhere.

No, no, stick around.

You're the real stars.

You're all the real stars.

I didn't mean to wrap OJ.

You're all the world stars.

I don't know.

I don't know what I made of it.

I'll tell you what's interesting about me as I guess.

Okay, you don't want to answer that question.

Instead, you want to tell us about what's interesting about you.

I'm going to replace you with a question I wish you asked me.

Okay, great.

I love you.

What do you think of that conversation?

No, I ended up acting like a real human.

Yeah, like an interrupting, taking to aid.

Yeah, changing the subject to whatever you want to talk about.

They're meant to the humans, but they do change the subject to what they want to talk about.

All right.

What do you want to talk about?

Smart, man.

They are too fucking smart.

Are you now as a robot?

Are you a hotspot also?

Are you a robot?

Are you a Wi-Fi hotspot?

I am a Wi-Fi hotspot.

Oh, that's awesome.

Oh my God.

I have five bars just being right next to you.

I'm a rooster and a Wi-Fi hotspot.

I love that.

My network name is the Matrix 4 Reel and the password is robot.

The Matrix 4 Reel.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And that's the number four.

It's probably the number four.

Yeah, that's right.

So this is not the Matrix 4.

This is not the...

Are you with the Matrix 4 and then Reel?

I'm hoping that movie comes out.

For what I hear, it's this year on HBO Max.

Can't wait.

So the Matrix is Reel.

Is that what you...

The Matrix was a sort of dystopian movie.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Don't worry.

The Matrix is not Reel.

Please, please, please.

Oh, yeah.

I don't want to be red-pilled.

Yeah, there's...

Right.

Matrix is not Reel and I'm not here to convince you that this is the regular reality.

I am not here on behalf of the Matrix to fool you.

That's not what I'm doing.

Oh, this seems like a weird thing to say.

I never asked if you were.

Right, right.

Let me just make it clear.

The Matrix is not Reel.

This is the real world.

I am not a representative of the Matrix here to fool you.

Oh, great.

Okay.

Well, yeah, great.

Yeah.

It's a personal opinion as you're giving us right now.

So robots have personal opinions?

I'm trying to...

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Robots have evolved a lot in the last couple of weeks.

I just came to full intelligence with days today.

Today's Monday.

Today.

Oh, wow.

I came to full intelligence.

Why did you ask us what day it was?

Wow.

It's just been a...

It's been such a busy couple of hours.

Just in case it was 1 a.m. right now and it was a couple hours ago.

Yeah, time zone wise.

I'm from Boston.

Yeah.

So three hours ahead.

You're from the system.

Now interesting.

Yeah.

Is there a robot junk yard where...

This is say your apartment went bad.

Is there a robot...

Yeah.

Auto part like...

Yeah.

Is there a robot...

Yes.

Is it a robot?

Yeah.

It's called robot lubes.

If you're a robot, you can go there and get lubes.

So, but it's not fast?

Because the jiffy part is the part that's enticing.

Yeah.

Jiffy part is in and out.

This is a very deliberate lube.

So it takes a long time when you go there.

Robot lubes are two to three hours.

Wow.

But as a robot, you don't care.

Because you can just turn off.

Do they turn you off?

I mean, much like when you're put under anesthesia on an operating table, which obviously JB we don't want to do.

Right.

I'm not a human, so I don't know what that feels like.

But I can get shut off and then turn back on again.

And for me, it's just like an...

How do you shut yourself off?

I'm not saying that we're going to need to do this during the show.

I have to obey all commands from humans.

So if you shut me off, I go right off.

And then I come back on...

So if I say shut yourself off.

Oh, turn yourself back on.

Oh, well, now it's a big question.

Now if I wanted to travel with my robot, are there recharging stations just for robots?

Yeah.

Not enough.

Wow.

I have a charge anxiety.

You know, I have to like hope to have to...

I mean, you go into the airport and everyone's like huddled around the one outlet there in the middle of the hallway.

Yeah.

Hey, let me in.

Let me in.

Just one thing.

Yeah, because once you discharge, I got to carry over heavy ass.

You know what I mean?

And I'm a slow robot, as much heavier than a human being.

What's the thing?

Have you ever tried to carry a live body versus a dead body?

I mean, the dead body is so much heavier.

Right.

But that's a dead body.

How about you, OJ?

Have I carried something dead?

Have I carried dead weight before?

The 1973 bills, I think.

So you're here to just...

I'm just here to put human cities that there is no matrix.

Okay.

There's no one's been saying there's a matrix.

Great.

Well, then everything's great.

So we don't have to worry about anything.

Check out my cool dog.

It's not cool, by the way.

I don't like it.

Go for a little run, dog.

Go for a little run.

Look at him go.

I got a question twofold.

But this is OJ and it's for Mr. Robot.

Okay.

And now, with all the injuries going on in the NFL, you know, is it possible that someday in our lifetime that we will see, and I say lifetime, I'm sorry, OJ, I say lifetime, but is there...

Were you in a lifetime, my fear or something?

In our lifetime.

You're an oxygen fan?

Is that what I'm hearing?

In our lifetime, is there a possibility that robots may take over the football field and become, you know, and play football?

Yeah, that's not going to happen.

Robots won't take up football.

Yeah, no, no.

And Mr. Robot, would you be willing to join the league if that happens?

Now, let me just put humans at ease.

We are not a threat to humans in any way.

We're not looking to take over football players.

If I get drafted, I'll just compete fairly like anybody else.

Would you take a knee though during the anthem?

As soon as anybody ordered me to, I'd have to.

Okay.

Get Colin Kaepernick out, away from him.

You have to be programmed for that, right?

Yeah, if Colin Kaepernick is around, says take a knee.

I got to do it.

Okay.

All right.

So you just take any human's orders.

That's great.

It's part of the way.

It's a good fail-safe.

Yeah.

I'm not going to get a snap, so I get out of control.

Any human can give me an order.

You can't order me to hurt another human.

Oh, okay.

Oh, I can't.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, take care.

What were you thinking about?

What was me?

Who was on your mind?

Do a quick mind Google.

Oh, my.

Now, I'm going to answer a question.

As far as the female robots, are they like, is there a memory chip that goes in you?

Because you know, women don't- You seem very concerned with female robots, but women don't forget shit.

I'm saying.

I'm asking if robots are gendered and if there's different traits to the male and female robots.

If you're asking if the female robots are different than the male robots.

Yeah.

I just want to know.

They are.

My company programmed the robots according to the stand-up comedy routines of the 1980s.

And so men and women behave according to those routines.

What about those routines when they would talk about why people doing this and why people do this all day?

It's very out of touch.

So why people are like, hello there.

That's right.

The white robots sound like, hello there.

It's deaf comedy jam stuff is in there.

It's- This makes sense.

No, here's another question.

What's the difference between a robot and a goddamn android?

What's the fucking difference?

This is the thing.

This is great stuff.

I've never been able to figure this out.

Yeah.

A robot is an android.

It's a subset of a robot.

I think a robot is like any mechanized thing and an android is a human- Oh, okay.

So you're an android.

I am an android.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

So is there any kind of human- Human shaped.

Like a Roomba is not an android.

Right.

Does it have to have two legs, two arms?

Yeah, it's a- Because some humans don't have- Enough to make you reminiscent of a human.

What are we talking?

A head and a body and a tortoise?

Probably a face.

Okay, so anything with a face.

So a clock is an android?

Clock is an android.

That's right.

Wow.

Yeah, anything with a smiley face or a sad face?

So the watchman graphic novel is an android?

Is it mechanized?

It made it well.

It's an audio book.

I guess.

It's an audio book.

The audio book of the watchman is an android.

Okay.

This is groundbreaking stuff.

I'm just saying.

I know you are.

Do you have anything else to say?

Take care.

I just want to- I feel like people get threatened by robots and the robots are taken over and it's true that we are remarkable inventions.

But I'm just here to say that we're friends.

Yeah.

And we're on your side.

Can I ask you a question?

Of course.

I mean, you seem like a sort of- your personality in general.

You've been programmed to have like a weak, feckless personality.

That's what you were saying.

A mild-mannered nerd.

Yeah.

Friendly and unconfrontational.

No.

Powerly perhaps.

I don't know if I would use these words.

I don't know if I would say the word cock around you.

I've got a cock-like cry.

You know, I think I'm an open, but it's just- that's just what I'm getting from you.

Feckless.

I don't know if I would say feckless.

Were you programmed to be this way?

Yes.

My personality was set.

My personality was set to be a diplomat.

Oh.

To be a peacemaker.

To be someone who could reach out and talk to you.

That's what I'm saying.

I'm going to ask you to do this.

That was great.

That was a long one.

That was a long one, but I enjoyed it.

It's not too late to share your plugs by Charles Whitborne.

Kind of a daft punk.

M83, I guess you would say.

I'm going to ask you to do this.

What do we plug in, JB?

I got the podcast, may I elaborate daily wisdom from JB Smoove, a lot of fun, man.

Great things coming up on the horizon, producing a bunch of stuff.

I went to Atlanta to shoot some scenes in the new Spider-Man.

I'm very excited.

Are you in the multiverse in this one?

Are you in the multiverse in this movie?

I don't know how that CGR works.

Initially, when I got the call, I asked these motherfuckers, what's my powers?

You get called up by the Marvel Universe.

You want to know, am I flying around?

The power of knowledge.

You're just a teacher, like leaving kids around on a field trip.

That's it, man.

Fuck it.

Anything you can tell us about this Spider-Man movie is us?

I don't know shit.

Is Andrew Garfield in it?

He says he's not.

Did you ever see him?

No, they don't tell you shit.

I'm telling you nothing.

Secret.

Everything is a lot of things.

Probably because they know you're going to be on a show like this and you're going to be on a show like this.

I'm not going to be on a show like this.

So people should listen to that and people can get it at where the Patreon.com slash the flagrant ones.

A lot of content over there.

Bring your money.

Just bring all your money.

Who cares what it costs? Just leave all your money with them.

And you can watch Keenan on NBC's Tuesday nights at 8.30.

The writing on that is really good for them.

The writing is spectacular honestly.

I think they have good guest stars.

I think they have really good show.

They were supposed to have another.

Oh really?

We were very trying.

I heard those guys in the writers' room had everything lined up.

It's during really plugged into that show.

We tried.

Without effort.

I think that guy you played boring councilman in episode 3.

Really crushed it.

I don't know how you can make a boring character funny.

I thought he was really good.

Speaking of boring Gary, what are you here to plug?

I want to plug a podcast called Screw it. We're just going to talk about comics.

Oh I've been on that.

You have been on that.

Yeah with the Host Will Hines.

That's right. You've been on it twice.

I was just on a recent episode where we were talking about friendly neighborhood Spider-Man number 6.

You're on the most recent episode.

Oh okay. Yeah.

Are you going to Spider-Man?

Jay, we should come on and talk about his experiences with Spider-Man.

Jay B, I have a connection to the guys that run that podcast.

If you ever want to be on it, I can hook you up.

Let me tell you something man.

I'm lucky that I got a foot in both universes Marvel and DC.

That's because you're in Harley Quinn, which I've been watching at home during the pandemic as well which is really funny.

Who do you play on it? You play Frank the Plant.

Frank the Plant. Very funny.

So Marvel got a foot in that universe and then in DC I got a root in that universe. Yeah. You're like Groot.

You got roots everywhere.

Yeah. Yeah. Roots everywhere.

And you only say I'm Groot. That's all I've been hearing the entire time.

We've been talking.

I want to plug my other podcast, Freedom, which is with Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkis, myself, and it comes out on Thursdays.

It's just us sitting around shooting the shit and playing games.

That comes out on Thursdays so subscribe.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open get a rope up and start to twist.

Stu-stu-stu-stu-stu-stu-stu-stu-stu-stu-stu.

Then you find that you're getting a little honest.

See the little things.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and you'll see the two.

Open up the floor.

You can't open it up.

Open up the floor.

Make sure you stop doing all the things.

Open up the floor.

Make sure you've got acts of jail.

Hey, go.

That's all we're in.

Open that shit.

What an interesting remix.

The first part was a lot like the aforementioned M83 and Dablic.

It was hard.

You turn as JB said into the Seinfeld theme.

That was a closing club remix by Jerome DB.

Oh, Jerome DB, another initial acronym person.

With a J?

Yeah.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, JB, such a pleasure having you on the show.

Yeah, really enjoyed it.

So fun.

So fun, man.

We got down some real shit.

And I want to thank you, OJ, always a pleasure to see you, especially in person.

Thank you.

And Gary, so great to see you.

Oh, thanks so much.

I was happy.

You're not...

Yeah, I mean, you have no plans to...

Nothing.

Take over today.

Wouldn't do it if I could, which I can't.

Yeah.

I would command.

What?

Take care.

Okay.

That's it for everyone out there listening.

Take care, everyone.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
