---
layout: page
title: 707. Paul F. Tompkins, Dan Lippert, Monika Smith [c9467469-d954-42ef-9496-ad32000231b9].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Hi, Scream, you scream, we all scream all the time for no reason. The neighbors are complaining.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much to the world famous Bardy twins.

The world famous Bardy twins. Wow, they're sharing an account. It looks like the world famous Bardy twins. I must admit, they're not famous in my neck of the woods, but thank you to the Bardy twins. They're merely infamous in my neck of the woods.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

My name is Scott Ocherman, and we have an incredible show today. Coming up a little later, we have a medical prof... Did I write down professor? No, someone in the medical profession.

That's what I wrote down. Okay, we also have an adventurer.

Oh, wow. No small business owners on this show, unless our next guest, our first guest, rather. Next and first can coincide and be both equally true, because she is our next guest, as well as our first guest. She has been on the show before. I don't remember anything about her, but she'll catch us up. Please welcome back to the show, Lavina Marsh Carothers, aka Shevel Knievel. Well, you young man, you did not prepare me to be the very first guest on the program. I beg your pardon, I am. You're a very rude young man.

I've told you many times. Oh, that's right. You're a very rude young man. That's right.

Welcome back. I apologize. When you said young man, I didn't believe that you could be talking to me, but thank you so much. Well, when you're as old as I am, dear, everyone is young to you, except the people in the ground. Although some of those are probably young as well, you know, unfortunately. How morbid. Why would you bring that up?

What's the right time to die? It's not morbid. You know what I mean? 99 years old. Okay. Good. Is that what Jay Z was rapping about?

Yes. It's the 99th problem. Welcome back to the show, Shevel Knievel. That is my normal do adventure. Yes. That's right. You're now I'm do adventure. You are. Are you a stunt person?

I can't. I am a stunt lady. Okay. Thank you very much. Okay.

A lot of it. A stunt woman, I suppose, if you want to say that a stunt thought. Would that be?

I know you think I don't know what that means, but I keep very current young man. Oh, you do.

And I do not. I do not appreciate a such a foulness from you. I beg your pardon. I beg your pardon.

I don't feel like I'm speaking very well because I was very surprised to be the first. I beg your pardon. I, you know, I'm still catching up. It's one of these, one of these situations where you think you have everyone in place and then at the last minute, it's just you think you do.

It's just pulled away from you. Maybe I would have been someone else if I'd known I was going to be first. You can just go. We'll see you later. See what happens. Well, goodbye. Who's this coming into the door?

It's just me. Oh, who's it? I'm one of the twins that sent the catchphrase. Oh, one of the world famous Barty twins. Yeah. Oh my god. Hello. Welcome to the show.

Little Joe Barty. Little Joe Barty.

Yeah. God, when I heard the Barty twins, I thought it was like the Barbie twins. I thought it was women. No, it's not. Are they women's body? The Barbie twins are women. Yeah. So the Barty twins, though, are you me and Charlie Barty, little Joe and big Charlie Barty, little Joe and your little Joe.

I'm little Joe and big Charlie. Don't make a, don't make up an answer reference.

You're big. I thought about that before I named myself a little Joe.

Well, I got to get going. Oh, God. See you later. Well, this is what happens on the show.

And of course, the open door policy comes back to this. The show. This is a show. Yes. Hello.

Hello. I heard about this show. Oh, a commensur. My brother was on the show.

One. Your brother was on the show. Once we got a lot of guests, you're going to have to narrow it down just a little. Maybe this will never down for him. My name is the big damnit man.

The big damn man. I remember a little damnit man. Big damnit man. That's my kid brother, little damnit man. As I recall, little damnit man. There was not much to it.

He's little. Well, yeah, but the big damnit man. There's a lot to me. I've read every encyclopedia.

Cover to cover. I read the dictionary backwards. Oh, yeah.

For what purpose? Did you want to start with nobody had done it before? You want to start with what?

Well, what's the first word or the last word if you're reading in front of it? Zizix. Zizix.

That's what I was thinking. Yeah. And then that you nailed it from Zizix to ArtVark. Well, I got to go.

Okay. Bye. Didn't even have time to write down his name or any of his details. Oh my gosh. Well, you know, this is what happens on Comedy Bang Bang. You know, you never know what you're going to get. I have returned.

Hall of India. I decided to give you a second chance. Young man. Come on back, Livini. I beg your pardon. I didn't mean to throw. Please call me Mrs. Corrothers.

Okay. Not even Shevel Knievel. You may call this Shevel Knievel or Mrs. Corrothers. Mrs. Corrothers.

Mrs. Corrothers. I beg your pardon. I didn't mean to throw you into the deep end right off the bat.

I beg your pardon. I accept your pardon. I'd love to have just a little chat with you. Well, certainly.

I'm in an open book. What would you like to know? I've led a very fascinating life. Is that mainly with the stunt work or do you have some? The stunt work is 15% of the fascinating things of my life.

Let's talk about that other 85. All right. Because I would imagine we talked about that 15 the last time you were not as much as I would have liked. You took me on many tangents and detours, which I do now talk about. What did we talk about? Who cares? I would just like some sort of frame of reference to you. It's lost to the miss of time as far as I've concerned. That's right. Well, let's talk about that other 85. Where did you grow up? I grew up in the Mid-Atlantic region.

Oh, I love that region. It's so good. Oh, I mean, water on some sides of it and land on other sides. Precisely. Everyone is very elegant. People know the manners there. That's right. And so, did you always want to be a stunt person or did you have other dreams? I felt as if stunt was thrust upon me. How so? Well, I was trying to escape a burning building. And I was on the fifth floor of a motorcycle showroom. Oh, my gosh. How do they get the motorcycles up there? Did you ever talk to the elevator? Oh, okay. They have a big wide one. They have a big wide elevator.

Got it. What did you think they were riding them up the stairs? They have a slide, you know, the big slide. They go up like a big curvy slide that they ride up.

Can you think of anything that has transported that way?

Well, I mean, going down. Going down.

Yeah. Sure. Very different. So you were. Do you know the difference between up and down, young man?

Well, sure. Look down here. Yeah. Look that away. Okay.

Sorry. How dare you?

Well, so you were trapped on the fifth floor. I was trapped on the fifth floor of a burning building. How did the fire start? I think it was some kids playing with matches. No.

Next to a motorcycle? Next. No, the motorcycle. Don't you pay attention. I was on the fifth floor.

That's where the motorcycle showroom was. Sure. This building housed many businesses.

Sure. Oh, well, I mean, you never said that they were not on the fifth floor, or they down at the on the ground or you think there was an entire building filled to the rafters with motorcycle. I don't know. And the showroom was on the fifth floor. I don't know your life.

You don't tell me. You don't know much of anything. You're very ignorant. All right. We'll see you later.

All right. Gotta go. No, no, come back. Come back. Come back.

So would you like to hear more about how it's going to be?

Please, I would love to know.

I had never ridden a motorcycle in my entire life. It wasn't something that a lady did there.

Why were you there then? Were you searching for one? It was the forbidden fruit. I wanted to look at them and imagine myself upon what I've understandable. Well, when the fire started, all the men ran away like cowards, leaving me alone at the motorcycle showroom.

My gosh. No one even like grabbed your arm and said like, hey, come this way. If you want, come with me if you want to live as they say. No, they did.

And I said, no, thank you. Of course, I would grab my arm and did that. What did I just say? They ran away like cowards. Right, right, right. Wow. And so there I was with all these motorcycles and they were gorgeous motorcycles gleaming chrome and the smell of their tires was intoxicating.

So I hiked up my skirts and I riled one of the motorcycles, the prettiest one of course.

It was a beautiful triumph motorcycle.

And I revved it and it put like a kitten, a very loud kitten. And I set my sights on the showroom window. I don't know why they had a big picture window and it was on the fifth floor. But it did make the motorcycle look lovely. And I revved that baby up and I ran straight through the window.

Wow. Amazing. And you thought that was your only way out.

You didn't want to go to the elevator or anything like that. It wasn't getting on an elevator, the event of a fire. True. Yeah. I forgot about the fire. Why are you saying such things that you know all wrong? No, but why is that?

Why can't you get on an elevator? Is it because? Because they're death traps, dear boy. To this day, I've never written an elevator. What? Yeah. This is the most interesting thing about you. I really probably so far. I don't care how tall the building is. I will walk up the stairs the entire way. What's the tallest building you've ever been? Yeah, by the same building, dear boy. I mean, that's not the tallest building in the world. That's how would you ask? Is that not tall enough to to walk up the stairs? I guess so. I mean, the one time I was there, I took a very fast elevator.

It made me motion sick. Fool. You're a fool. Okay. So you walked all the way up there. Well, is this a sleepless in Seattle situation? Were you meeting someone up there that you'd never met before? Yes. I told someone, maybe the top of the Empire State Building, and of course, I had to fudge the time so it would get there at the same time. I said, meet me at midnight, I started walking up the stairs at 6am. Okay. Were you there on time? It worked out perfectly.

And wasn't that man? It's my husband. Is it Tom Hanks? No.

My mom, my married, it was Carothers.

Okay. Why would it be Tom Hanks? This marriage of Rita Whiz.

You think I don't know this thing?

Well, you'll be Will Villip too. No, I don't know your married name as Carothers. You could be an old crone for all I know. My name is Mrs. Carothers. Then I never said Mrs. Yes, I did. I introduced you to the stadium for others. I said you may call me Mrs. Carothers as you did. You're a fool, dear boy. You're a member of a fly. It's entrapment. So who are you married to? I am married to Mr. Jonathan Carothers. What a wonderful, what does he do for a little?

He's a bank robber. How many times a week does he do that? He does it every single game. He wakes up on Sundays. He wakes up at 6am.

That's when you start taking the stairs. That's right. He does that as an ultimate.

And he goes out, he scopes out banks, and then he robs them.

So it's all a one day process.

It's all in the same city. They haven't caught him yet.

Does he have a nickname on the same city? Which city? Somewhere in the Mid-Atlantic region.

Does he have a nickname?

The uncatchable bandit. Wow. You don't want a nickname like that to be proven wrong. Frankly, I think they've given up. It seems to me like if they know he's always robbing the banks in the afternoons because he takes all the time to scope it up. It's not always in the afternoon. Really? Is there a short scope out in the morning sometimes? It depends on the bank.

Some banks, you can have a short scope out. Some banks are a very long scope out.

How many banks are in this town? Oh, so many. It's just a bearable. Is it like a banking town?

It's a banking town. That's the main industry there. Most everyone works at the bank or the banks borrowing money from each other. Exactly, exactly.

Oh my god. How many bank robbers are there in that town? Probably 50. Wow. And yours is the best. Your husband's the best.

His husband, Jonathan, is the best bank robber of the ball.

The uncatchable bandit.

Are there other bank robbers with names like the catchable bandit? Yeah, there was the catchable bandit. Of course, he's been caught. Right. That nickname was going very quickly. First job, I would imagine. There's the slippery bandit. He pours olive oil on the floor as he leaves so that no one could chase after him. Okay, so he's not slippery though. No. He makes other people slippery. He makes the floor slippery. Right. And ergo the other people's feet, I guess.

Yes, but it's a more convenient way of saying the bandit who pours olive oil on the floor and makes the floor slippery. I don't know. I don't like it.

It's implying that he himself is slippery. Do you think Mean Joe Green was an unpleasant person? On the field? I certainly do.

I thought the green part was his name. Was he more unpleasant? You thought it was Mean Joe?

They were like, my name is Joe. First, I mean, look at that green guy over there. He wasn't green, dear boy. He wasn't. Okay. So if you get your television fixed.

Oh, that's the problem. I was watching the muppet show with that purple guy.

Grimace. Did you ever guess on the puppet show?

Got a name Kermit. So that's an exciting life to leave. It's very exciting. Never a dull moment for me. La virea barge caratos a.k.a. chival carrivel. Have you ever combined forces for a job?

Like either he uses his bank robbing skills to help you with a stunt or you use your stunts to help him with the bank robbery? Well, I suppose you could say he has used his bank robbing skills to bankroll many of my stunts. Okay, that's behind the scenes though. I wonder if it is ever a team up.

Of what? So, okay. I was clear now the first time that I believe you are crystal clear.

You wanted to know if we ever used our skills in tandem?

Yes. Now, the only way he could use his skills to help me with a stunt is with money. Yeah, well, no. He knows a lot about getaway cars, I would imagine, in wheelmen. And he could slip someone a note during one of your stunts that threatens them with something to what? I don't know. If I'm doing the stunt, who is he slipping the note to? I don't know, but I mean, it makes more sense. The ramps, man? It makes more sense the other way around of you providing stunts while he robs banks. Yes, now if you'll be quiet for one minute, I will tell you. I'm not the one who was talking. You're the one who gave me pushback when I said it was behind the scenes. Yes, I did. I said, oh damn, well, goodbye. No, you're staying right here. Yeah, it later was really mad. Hey, wait, I think he's going for good. Is this a little joke? No, Mark Patsy. Big damn it, man. Oh, big damn it, man. Mark's rats. Oh, never mind.

That's someone else. I'm just looking at names I've written down. Oh, God, we're you listening to any of that big? Oh, yeah, I heard it all. It's not me, is it? It's a lot of you. Yeah, you know, she's got it. She's on a hair trigger. Absolutely. But it's hard to deal with someone like that.

You're pushing those buttons, man. Well, it's hard not to push buttons when there's just big buttons there saying push me push me listen to yourself. It's hard not to push buttons.

Yeah, you're right. Yeah. All right, I got to go. You're leaving too. Okay. All right. Hey, everybody call. Oh, no, little Joe. It's me little Joe party Charlie these days.

Hey, Charlie, are you here? Oh my God. Big Charlie. You got a guy's head. Oh, hello, bro. Oh my God.

That's your head is coming in through the window here at the studio. Yes.

Did I use my own microphone? No, or should I use one of the big ones? Yeah, right now you're not amplified. You're just everyone's hearing you. You're so big. When I say my own microphone, I mean my throat and diaphragm. Ah, the microphone of the body, of course. My twin brother.

You guys are very dissimilar if I had to say. I mean, you're you are. Wow, we're fraternal.

You're fraternal to us. Okay, that makes sense. Yes. Right.

Right.

To see you can't wait. Why are you checking with him? Do I need to separate you guys?

Check with each other on everything. Oh, really? Yeah.

Right. Don't we? Oh, yeah.

I'm not the commissioner. We do. It's even being very cagey.

I got to go. Oh, geez. Okay.

What are you happy to be here? Scott, no one to be all day.

Oh, yeah. I don't know that I want you to stick around. Oh, I would. Who is this gentleman? Oh, this is big Charlie. Hello, big Charlie.

Hello. You're there. I hope you single. No, I'm not, but you're you're certainly very flattered to us. Well, you're flattering to respond. You behave yourself, you rap scallion. I will.

I like him. He's fun. All right. Well, it seems we made a love connection here on the show.

No, I just said I like you. Oh, that's right. You're married to that. Why are you pushing my button?

I don't know. Why did you come back? Big Charlie. Do you ever watch stunts on the television?

Almost exclusively. How does one do that? How does one fill your day with only stunts?

It is much easier in the days of DVR and YouTube and things like that. In the olden days, I'd have to VHS things and couldn't watch TV for days until I built up enough. So you wouldn't do it like a minute at a time. You would build it up into a nice two hour period. Oh, yes, two hours exactly.

I like to watch television while I eat my breakfast lunch or dinner. And so it would always be for that period of time. I feel as if your voice is becoming very much like mine.

Well, I always take on the mannerisms of those I love.

Well, you are just a devil. And you are God himself in front of me.

Oh my God. What's the craziest stunt you ever did, Shevel?

Well, let's see. I mean, they're all insane to a certain degree. I recall the time I tried to jump over the Amazon River. Oh, that's very wide. It is. Now you tell me. Where's Ari?

That I wasn't there then. Were you successful? Obviously not. No, right. I, there are very few stunt mappings just a line. Exactly. And I thought, big cake.

We got closer and closer. That thing is getting bigger and bigger. That's usually what happened.

Well, I landed, of course, directly in the middle of the Amazon.

Oh, well, you made it halfway there. I made it halfway.

That's not bad.

But my motorcycle was devoured by Perhanas. Oh, no. Yes.

They said upon it like it was a cow.

I didn't know that they ate machinery usually there. I didn't know either. Oh my gosh.

That was a farewell to old Bessie, I could tell you. How were you excavated from the river then?

How did you get out? I just swam. Oh, okay. I could see they were busy with the motorcycle and I said, okay, good. I'm out of boys. And I like to swim anyway. Oh, do you really?

Yes, I do. I love to swim. Really? Where does one swim these days? A pool.

What are you looking for? I don't know. I've swam it. Would you like to know all the bodies of water? Which I've swam. Yes, please. Yeah, let's listen. I've swam in swimming pools.

Swimming. Both above ground. Both above ground and below.

Okay.

I've swam in indoor swimming pools and outdoor swimming pools. Okay, good. And some of those are above ground and below as well. Exactly. Right. Okay. I've swam in a fountain with five of my friends. We were all dancing around the whole. I think I've seen you. Perhaps.

I've swam in a pond. I've swam in a lake. Okay. I've swam in a river. Oh, I've swam in the ocean.

All of them. Every ocean. Which river? Was it the Hudson River or I know the Amazon?

That's the only river. I've swam in the Hudson River. I've swam in the Mississippi River.

See like I saw Lee when you were there in the Hudson River.

But Chesley, Sully, Sully, Sully, and Burger. Yes. He almost landed on me. I think he's incompetent.

Well, no, I mean. I saw that big coming. I was like, hey, excuse me.

It's a thing where like he was being sabotaged by a goose or something like that.

I wouldn't put it past a goose. Does sabotaged a plane? You ever seen one of his brothers?

He's got two. One in an alternate universe and one here.

Give me Charles Burkey, Sully. The famous bus driver? Yes.

That's that's that's that.

Yes. Although, you know, I think there's this sort of Andrew WK thing going on there because he he never looks the same. Quite the same to me. Oh, is that what Andrew WK is all about? I don't you know about the multiple Andrew WKs? No, I don't. Oh, I have a conspiracy buff. Oh, okay. I saw him in concert in 2001 and I was surprised to learn he was still around. He admitted in an interview with the long dead Larry King that he was. He was long dead.

He was long alive.

Well, in the interview, he had been long dead. Oh, I see. I understand. Exactly. This before it was announced that he was okay. I told him to conspiracy buff. So he admitted to Mr. King that he auditioned for the role of Andrew WK and he's not always the one who plays the role.

Oh, interesting. Then he tried to walk those comments back unsuccessfully.

But the biggest conspiracy of all is who gives a shit?

Yeah, I guess that's right. What if it turned out to be true? Would anything change? No.

Yeah, I guess I mean, it's harder to pull off than that than like deft punk or whatever, because they got those helmets. I mean, he's got a- Can I tell you a secret? I guess.

I'm one of deft punk. What? Yes. Thank you. I love wearing helmets in my stunt work and I thought, why not take this thing out for his men someplace else? That's incredible. Are you a musician?

No. Really? So you're just one of the deft punk people? I just want to think about the deft punk people. Amazing. How, I mean, you have so many hits. I mean, there's Get Lucky. Thank you.

It's not a compliment. It's more just pointing out a fact.

It's a good fact. So pointing out good facts is now a compliment. What is your game? I don't get you. I just don't understand the thank you. What? Is it so strange that you said you have so many hits and I said thank you. Is that really that strange? It's like me saying like you're wearing a blue dress right now and you saying thank you. You know, it's just a fact.

What if you what if I said your gene jacket is very attractive? That's a compliment. No, it's not. The gene jacket is objectively attractive. Oh, okay. So you're complimenting the jacket, not I. Exactly. How does it feel?

Damn, you got me. Did somebody call me? No. Is this big damn man? What are you for?

Yes, I don't know. Do I sound like my name could be little Joe? That's true. Okay, big damn man, then please. Oh, you're very tiresome. I'm sorry, Livinia or Mrs. Corothers.

Missed or she will. Can you go? I beg your pardon. Do you have anything big on the horizon?

Oh, yes. What are you going to do? Such a stunt that the world has never seen before. Oh, my gosh.

I'm going to cycle through an active volcano. I'm going to make a big hole in it like people do with the redwoods and I'm just going to drive straight through. Straight through where all the lava is and all the lava is. Oh, my God. That's not I mean, it sounds impossible, but it's not impossible. I've taken several precautions. Oh, which precautions? Well, the the wheels of the motorcycle will be heat tempered so that they cannot burn heat resistance of some sort. So, usually the tires are made of rubber or something. Exactly.

But these are not. No, to be made of wood. And then I'm going to douse my I'm going to pour butter all of myself because I did you do if you get a burn. And so I don't know that's going to make you cook faster. I think what? Why would you say do the thing? I just don't know whether you're taking the right process. I've sold so many tickets. How many? 100,000. What?

Yes. People are going to stand around the base of the volcano and watch. So it's in just one circle? Yeah. 100,000 people wide.

Exactly. Oh, my God. This is a huge volcano. It's a huge.

Oh, it's the what's the one.

Oh, it's the big one. It's got love in it. Fuji. Fuji.

Thank you. You're driving through.

I'm cycling through Mount Fuji. Wow. I don't know, Livini.

Have you ever completed? I beg your pardon.

Mrs. Carruthers. Have you ever completed a stunt? To and got the result that you wanted.

I've completed a stunt and gotten the result that I wanted.

Are you all right? I never really stopped to consider that I have never completed a stunt.

You've certainly not the way that I wanted to. You've never got, you know, if you're trying to jump something, you've never gotten over to the other side.

I don't think I want the stunts.

You understand what they are? I do. The answer is no. I've never completed a stunt successfully. So you are essentially a failed stunt person or stunt lady? Oh, big Charlie, did you hear that? My heart breaks for you. Big Charlie.

You're still here. Thank you. You are.

Oh, yeah. I don't know. You've been very silent. Well, I've been enjoying the conversation, the tat-a-tat. My life has been a failure other than my successful marriage to Mr. Jonathan Carruthers. I'm sure you're very rich from all the bank robberies.

Oh, I'm incredibly rich. Right. Would you consider it a failure if one little, well, huge boy with no friends and nothing to do?

Who are we talking about right now? Me or you? Huge boy.

Oh, okay. Was given one ounce of joy, one minute, 60 times, once a year, through watching some failed stunts as he grew up. Is that a failure, Levidia?

I suppose he has Levidia privileges. Oh, I wonder. I suppose it's not. It's not about the completion of the stunt, is it? It's the attempt. And ideally, the failed attempt that people enjoy so much.

Absol, too, please.

I mean, where were you seeing these stunts, though? What's your name again? Big Charlie.

Big Charlie. Where were you seeing these? I'm like, the body twins.

The famous body twins.

All right. Like a...

There's my little man.

I'm in his pocket. Was it a show like America's Funniest Home Videos or something, where they're like, look at this dumb asshole trying to do a stunt and not...

While it was America's stuntiest home videos.

Oh, okay.

A short-lived program that was posted by John Stemos.

So, I mean, they were taking videos and whatever that was, the ones that were the stuntiest, those were the ones that would make it on the show.

They would make it on the show and those people that one would have to pay John Stemos $10,000.

Oh, no, no, no one would want to win. But he got very rich off this.

Yo, that's how Stemos got his money.

Bad in his beat boy's money.

Of course, drumming with the boy.

Why are you still checking in with Little Joe, by the way?

We check it out.

Every single thing you're saying.

We check it out.

Everything because we share a brain.

We're doing eye contact.

I'm in his pocket.

He just looks down at me.

You share a brain, meaning you each have half of a brain in your head or are you talking metaphorically?

No, metaphorically.

What telepathic?

Literary.

Metaphorically.

Literally.

So you are telepathic with...

We have our own brain.

Oh, it's telepathic.

With each other or with everyone?

Can you read my thoughts right now?

Yeah, it sucks.

Sorry.

All right, I gotta go.

Okay, bye.

Oh my god, that noise that he made.

He's just...

That was like the slippery bandit there.

I mean, the bandit that makes others slippery.

It's the slippery bandit.

Stop doing the thing that you're doing, which is being what you are.

I'm sorry.

One can only be what one is.

That's unfortunate.

Yeah.

In some cases.

Um, so, I mean, you've given big Charlie here so much joy over the years.

I mean, your life hasn't been for nothing.

No, it hasn't.

No, no one remembers successful stunts.

Who cares?

Who keeps it?

Oh, people only want to watch the stunts that don't work.

Yes.

Like, has there ever been...

Have you ever heard of Evil?

I've heard of him, yes.

Okay, he's...

You know that I precede him.

He took his name from me.

That's right now.

I'm recalling that, yes.

But yeah, you can watch compilations of him jumping over a bunch of trucks and you're like, I wouldn't on a bet.

What if I bet you right now?

How much?

Hundred dollars.

I mean, dependingly wealthy.

I forget.

Okay, yeah, I forget.

Give me one of those mid-rommy bets.

Which one was $10,000?

He said in front of the American people during a debate.

Right.

Like it was normal.

Yeah, we're all making $10,000 bets.

He also loves hot dog.

He loves hot dog.

It's his favorite meat.

Oh my gosh.

Well, Mrs. Carothers, this is, I mean, I don't know that we got to the other 85 of your life.

I mean, obviously your husband is very fascinating with his bank robberies.

Yeah, it's a- Maybe you'll meet him someday.

Oh, that would be incredible.

But what is, out of the 85% of your life, what is the thing you're most proud of?

Obviously, you're a failed stunt person.

What are you proud of?

Guess my ass.

Let me check that shit out.

Here we go.

Oh, hell yeah.

Okay.

How do you, what is that, squats?

What are you doing?

I'm just gifted.

Oh, okay.

So why are you proud of it?

It's like it's not your betting field.

It's just, I've just always had it.

Nobody noticed.

Then where are you proud?

Because I'm so very old.

And look at that thing.

Yeah, that's true.

That I mean, yeah.

It's a real shelf.

Well, can I bounce a quarter off that?

I wish you would.

Where's that noise from little Joe?

Oh, oh, sorry.

Big Charlie.

It bounced off of LaVinny's ass and into big Charlie's eye.

Oh, I'm blind.

I don't know.

They both eyes.

Well, like when you see out of one, nobody asks.

Oh, no.

Am I supposed to ask that?

It would have been blind.

All right.

I remembered to ask that of all my guests for now.

Thank you.

That there's one thing people can leave this with.

To always ask if people are blind in one eye when you see them.

Okay.

Are you all right?

And now you're totally blind?

Who is saying that?

Oh, Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of the show.

Hello.

It's this guy.

He bounced a quarter.

I'm sorry.

I guess I inadvertently caused you to be blind.

I beg your pardon.

Apology accepted.

Thank you so much.

Now I got to go blind.

Thanks a lot.

Oh, that's right.

Is it is you have to let telepathy blind us?

No, we just do everything together.

Oh, so what are you going to do?

I don't know.

I'm going to throw a quarter of my eye.

I could throw the quarter.

I'll let me shoot for your eye.

Here we go.

Make it a penny because I'm little.

Oh, okay.

Here we go.

Maybe a dime.

Here we go.

Oh, no.

Wait, where are you saying no?

Your bad's back into my eye.

Oh, no.

Your bad eye or your other bad eye.

They're worse.

I.

Oh, no.

Well, wait, what if it fixed it?

Hold on.

How many fingers am I holding up?

All of you tell us.

Hi, where are you going to get an eye doctor?

And he reads that chart and you're like, what are you reading?

Well, I beg your pardon.

Big Charlie and a little Joe.

I'm sorry that this is this faith that has befallen you just by going into the studio.

I beg your pardon.

And it was foretold.

Yeah.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

We're after what we did to our father.

You know, it was bad to happen.

Yeah.

A lot of prophecies with us.

Like some sort of a, edifice kind of thing, like blinding, and then also having sex with, you know.

He did that to himself.

Oh, yeah.

You did this to us.

Well, the first swell.

It's not swell.

It's swell.

This water bottle, this is a swell.

Oh.

What?

Also, I'm swole.

You are very muscular.

You've lost theiroids.

Oh my god.

It's quarter after muscles.

Let me try.

It went back in my eye.

Hi, T.

How do you like it?

Ah, not at all.

Nice to meet you, Scott.

Are you blind in one eye?

You didn't ask me when you walked in here.

I know.

It was my number one shame.

He was so blinded by the beauty of video, Mosh Caravas.

Yeah, where'd you go?

I'm right here.

Oh, how dare you?

Just because I put my helmet on doesn't mean I'm invisible.

You put your helmet on your ass too.

I have an ass helmet.

You want to protect that thing.

Wouldn't you if you had an ass like this?

Is it like JLo or it's insured?

Yeah, it's with Lloyd's have London.

Is that what Lo stands for in JLo?

JLoids have London?

I think it's Lopez.

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

Well, guys, we have to take a break.

I hate to do that.

Is anyone sticky around?

Well, I don't think so.

No.

Okay.

What about you, big Charlie?

Oh, we'll see.

We'll see.

I'm going to use the restroom and see how that takes.

Yeah.

What are you?

Yeah.

Okay.

You're going to go to the bus.

That's what I was going to do.

Oh, okay.

Because I'll tell.

What are you going to do there?

A number one and a one hand wash.

Okay, great.

We'll see.

We may see you will.

Oh my God.

Coming up.

We have someone in the medical profession.

We also have an adventurer.

We'll be right back with more comedy, big, big after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

And, uh, Levitium Marsh Carothers, AKA Shevel Knievel, is not here anymore.

For whatever reason.

And, uh, big Charlie appears to be taking an even longer hand wash than, uh, than he originally advertised.

So, uh, you know, uh, we're going to continue with the show, uh, as is.

But, uh, unfortunately, our first two guests are not here.

But that's okay.

I mean, what with the open door policy?

And we have these other, uh, guest booked a little later.

Uh, I'm sure, uh, we have plenty of show to come.

Don't turn it off right now.

Obviously, like, take a look at how much time is left on the show.

And, uh, if you see, there's another hour, stick it out.

You know what I mean?

So, uh, yeah.

Gavin!

Sorry, who?

Gavin!

You saying, Kevin or Gavin?

Has anyone seen an Englishman called Gavin?

Uh, no, sir.

I'm sorry.

An Englishman named Gavin?

He left me.

I lost him.

I mean, I lost him.

Uh, someone named Gavin left you?

Someone must have seen an Englishman.

Really funny, he is.

I don't know.

No, we haven't seen an English person in English.

English fellow.

He's about, he's about, so big.

He's a charming sort of chap.

Oh, no, I don't know.

I haven't seen anyone, uh, of the sword.

I'm sorry.

And you say you lost him?

Is that what I'm looking for?

Gavin, he's my best friend.

I don't, I know.

I haven't seen any Gavin that has been kind of, uh, an empty student.

English bloke.

Lovely fella.

Okay.

He went missing and, uh, now I'm all alone.

I'm sorry.

I, this was your friend?

Your partner?

You're- I come to America and I've lost my friend.

I'm a fool, a fool!

I beg your pardon.

It's not that bad.

I'm sure you'll track him.

I mean, you know, what, what was cell phones these days?

I'm sure he'll text you or something like that.

One morning I just woke up and he just wasn't there.

Someone must have taken him.

Well, I wouldn't imagine.

I mean, if he had working legs and feet, he probably just took off for a while.

Maybe he's an errand.

No, no, we were best mates.

I mean, really best mates.

He'd never leave me.

Never.

Gavin!

See, I, I, uh, I, I'm sorry, Sir, but Gavin is not here.

So I'm gonna- I am so worried.

I, I can see that.

I can totally see that you're very worried about Gavin.

Nope, but I won't give up.

He's lost.

I don't think he's lost.

I think if you just give it a little time- Has anyone seen an Englishman called Gavin?

No one has, I think if you just gave it some time instead of just wandering into nearby buildings and shouting in- Someone must have seen an Englishman.

I don't think- Really funny he is.

I know.

Big Charlie's back, by the way.

Big Charlie, did you see Gavin?

Uh, I do not believe- I, let, let's see.

Oh wait, why are you- Where are you checking with Little Joe?

Well, I'm just trying to see you here since I've been blinded now.

Oh, that's right, yeah.

Give me two.

I recognize this gentleman.

I have never seen Gavin, but I have- I think I've seen this guy before.

Walking around, I guess the range looking for Gavin?

Ah, yeah.

Few years.

Few bloody years.

I can't, um, I can't remember what he looks like.

I'm looking for him, but I don't know who he is.

I've wasted my life.

I wasted my life looking.

I looked, but I never saw.

I saw nothing.

Right.

Gavin!

Jesus Christ.

He was walking around the range.

Yo, you know, I- What I just- Just hit your head, my- Well, I can't see shit in my very large Scott Ockerman.

Yeah.

Uh, you know, when I do for a living that you never asked about that, or my eye.

Well, I- I'm a cowboy.

Oh.

Uh, on the American West, which is difficult to stay in age, but uh, on my travels I have run across this man randomly looking for his British friends.

I'm looking for Gavin.

Yeah, he is.

He's my best friend.

He is infuriating.

Because I found Gavin a few times.

Oh, okay.

I- This guy's never around.

This guy's never- He never- He never- Lovely fella.

He was missing and uh, now I'm all alone.

I think I understand what's happening here.

And sir, Gavin's not around, but if we see him, we'll let you know.

Has anyone seen an Englishman called Gavin?

Fuck you, dude.

All right?

This guy, it's the only thing I just want to get over your friend.

He probably left because he doesn't like you.

I'm sorry, you know it's true.

Well, especially if he's always shouting Gavin, Gavin, I'd walk out too.

So you think he was shouting it even before the friend walked away?

Yes.

One morning I just woke up and he just wasn't there.

Someone must have taken him.

Okay.

Well, sir, are you- Are you sticking around?

I am so worried.

Fuck you.

Oh my God.

Gavin!

Oh, shut the fuck up.

Your friend doesn't like you or he's dead.

We don't like you or we're dead.

I'm looking for Gavin.

Oh, yeah.

He's my best friend.

Yeah. Okay.

Look, can you stick around though?

Because we have to- We have to get to our next guest.

Nope, but I won't give up.

He's lost.

Okay, we'll see you later then.

Gavin!

Oh God.

All right, well, we do need to get to our next guest.

Uh, we have big Charlie is here.

And uh- Hey little Charlie.

And uh, little Joe is here.

That famous little boss.

Little Joe.

The famous body twins.

The famous body twins, of course.

We need to get to our next guest.

He's an adventurer.

Please welcome Bob Parks.

Hi, it's Ria.

I'm excited to be here.

Sign of having you.

I- I- Thank God you're here because we've had just so many people wandering through the studio today who are- who are nuts and just- It's great to see another human being who seems to have just a- a hold on their sanity.

So welcome Bob.

Oh my gosh, thanks.

Victor calling me a human being.

That feels so sweet.

It's like a compliment.

Oh, Oh God.

I don't think it's a compliment.

By the way, are you blind in one eye?

I should ask you- Uh, I don't think so.

Thank you.

You don't think so.

How many fingers is he holding up?

Oh, it looks like- It looks like ten, but- Oh no, I'm blind.

No.

That's the proof.

Uh, well welcome.

Bob Parks, you're an adventurer.

That's uh, exciting.

I mean, we had a- a stunt person on a little bit before, but she uh, is a real asshole.

And she's- she's walked out.

But um, what kind of adventures do you go on?

Well, I spent most of my life in uh, national parks.

Oh.

So I haven't really lived.

So my bucket list is more uh, stuff my mom wouldn't let me do.

Okay, boy, that's the most concise description of someone's deal.

I think- It's usually it's stretched out over several minutes, but that is really- That's- That's like a log line.

That's- Well, I just, you know, when you finally get out in the world, you want to get it right, you know?

Yeah.

So you grew up in national parks.

Was your- We have a friend who's on the show, quite frequently, Marjorie, who is a park ranger in national parks.

Oh, that's nice.

Yeah, why did you- Okay, you did- No, I know, that's not a compliment.

What uh, how- Why did you grow up in national parks?

What uh, Well, my mom tried to get rid of me.

Uh, she threw me to the cannibals in the national parks.

Cannibals?

Yeah, you should read about that.

I think Lavina would have.

Uh, where are you- I'm beautiful.

Why is everyone shouting?

Come on!

Oh, God.

Shut up!

I want to yell!

Yolly!

Join the club.

So- So your mom wanted to get rid of you.

Why- How old were you?

Yeah, I don't know.

I don't actually know my age.

Oh, okay.

I can't even think I'm in between 25 and 43.

Oh.

I got a lot of hair.

So I can't tell if there's wrinkles underneath, or just pristine skin, you know?

Oh, yeah.

Well, you know, like those trees in the national parks, if you cut them open, you can see the rings.

If you were to shave off your hair, maybe you would, you know, see if there were wrinkles, be able to guess how old you were.

I guess I could have done that.

Yeah.

Do you remember between 25 and 43 winters?

Oh, yeah.

It would get- I mean, I am a really hairy person, so I never put on a jacket.

So I don't remember- You're sure- You're stripped to the waist right now.

I mean, I didn't want to bring it up, but yeah, you are a very hairy person.

Yeah, I'm going to take that as a compliment, because it's the only one you give it me.

Okay, so- Do you- Does every guest want compliments when they walk in here?

Little Joe, do you want a compliment?

I wouldn't mind it.

You're so little.

That's not a compliment.

Wait, you're- Okay, you're bigger than I thought hearing your nickname.

Thank you.

Okay.

So you want to do normal things on your bucket list?

Yeah.

What do you want to do?

This morning, I had nutted milk.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah, I never had it.

Nutted milk?

Yeah, it's milk from a nut.

My mom wouldn't let me have milk, because she said that's the reason that I was born, that she let a guy nut, and never again.

Oh, okay.

So- So- So- See what's going on.

Are you- Hey.

What?

Hey, what?

I don't see what's going on, and now I'm not sure if I should be offended, or is it a compliment?

It might be a compliment.

Were you just wandering the park?

For the past 25 to 43 years?

Yeah, yeah.

I mean you do a lot of whacking, and you get to meet people, van people, tree people.

Yeah.

I- Tree people, what are tree people?

It's- It's people who hang out near trees.

Oh, okay.

So are you one of the tree people?

How would you hide from all of the authorities in these parks?

Oh, I don't hide from anybody.

I'll take a hug from anyone who will give it.

Okay.

But so far.

Oh.

Yeah, I'd rather not.

Do a lot of people hug you?

No.

It's on my bucket list.

Nobody hugs me either.

Oh.

Maybe you guys can hug.

You wouldn't crush Little Joe here if you were to hug him.

Would you?

I have really big triceps, but I don't have biceps.

So the interacting part is good.

It's so weird.

They're so large, and then it just cuts off.

Yeah, I can't squeeze, but when I really go- Okay, what do you say?

You want to try it out, Little Joe?

I know, sounds risky.

It's a risk.

What else is on your bucket list?

This is fascinating.

Now a lot of people have bucket lists that are like- Oh, God, not the Gavin guy.

A lot of people have these bucket lists, which are like, I want to go to the national parks.

But you're the opposite, is what your thing is.

I've done that in some places.

I want to walk on a bridge.

Okay, that would be fun.

Yeah.

Your mom never let you walk on a bridge?

She said I'm not allowed.

She said I've kind of looked like a troll, so I got to go under.

I would think she would say you kind of look like a troll, so you don't want to go under a bridge, because then someone will try to kill you, thinking you're a troll.

Are you seeing my mom was wrong?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

I beg your pardon.

I don't mean to impugn your mother.

Which happened the first time, and that's why you're here.

Hey.

Hey, what?

Is that your catchphrase?

Hey.

It's just sometimes I think you say things that I don't quite catch.

I understand, I understand.

So your mother was unsuccessful in trying to get rid of you.

It seems like you grew up with your mother.

Yeah, we spent a lot of time together.

You know, sometimes we would have dinner in the same room.

Room in the park?

What do you call a room?

It's she called it the foyer, because she was inside a house.

I was just in the park.

Oh, she was in a house.

You were in a park.

How are you communicating?

She was outside of the park?

I yelled a lot.

That's why I got.

Yeah, I see that.

Yeah.

That's why you catch phrases.

Hey.

If you say hey, enough, everybody turns.

Hey, good words to live by.

Especially more sense, am I right?

Yeah.

I get it.

You get that?

I got that joke because of horses.

Oh, so yeah, there are horses in the parks.

Yeah.

Yeah, you see him.

I tried to ride one once, but I did go well.

Oh, no. What happened?

What happened?

I don't know.

I've never really like opened my thighs and encapsulated a beast between them.

And I don't think the horse liked it.

Oh, the horse didn't like how close shut your legs were.

Well, it's just I don't have the front muscle in my thighs.

So much like my eye.

Stop showing me and stop shouting.

I can bend my knee, but when I pop back up, I have fly.

My gosh.

How come you must have so many muscles?

I don't know.

Sometimes I think it's because I lack nutrients as a child.

I had a lot of maple syrup.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

I would imagine.

Yeah.

Any.

Have you ever had scurvy?

I mean, there's not a lot of vitamin C there.

I could put it on the list.

Oh, no, you don't want it.

I don't think you want it.

I don't know.

What's the number one thing on your bucket list?

What do you want to do the most?

Maybe we can make that happen for you.

You're sort of like a, I mean, you're not like a make-a-wish child because you're anywhere between 25 and 43.

But maybe there's something we the, the fans of comedy, bang, bang can do for you and send you out on a trip or something.

I, I want to go in an escalator.

That's it.

I want to go on stairs that are half elevator, half stairs.

Okay.

I think we can make that happen.

I mean, that's something that Mrs. Carruthers, she's been up a lot of stairs in her life.

Maybe, maybe, you know, if she were here, she could help you out with this.

Someone say by day.

It was me.

Oh, I would say it would be someone else.

Sorry.

Hey.

Oh, well, hello.

Hi.

Look at this.

I'm so gentleman.

This is Bob Parks.

Bob, it's a pleasure to meet you.

I am the video much Carruthers.

You may call me Mrs. Carruthers or Shevel Knievel.

Oh, Shevel Knievel.

That's a funny nickname.

Did you give it to yourself?

I did.

I thought someone had to give them to you, so I've been waiting for one.

Well, it's a professional name, but I could certainly give you a nickname if you like.

Yeah, I got some muscles, a lot of hair, and some people say I got a good smile.

How about, T-T-T-T. Oh, let me put that on the list.

Scratch that up.

Where are you?

Oh, I thought you got a list of nicknames that you were choosing from.

No, no one's ever nicknamed me.

This is the longest people have docked to me at one time.

I can understand that.

T-T-T though.

You're fine with that?

Yeah, because I got them, so it's a descriptive thing, right?

I mean, you think it's actually a very good nickname for someone who has a nice smile.

T-T-T-T.

I think it would be fun to say.

I think it's cute.

It makes someone feel self-conscious about their teeth and they wouldn't smile as well.

Not if they had a nice smile.

You'd never feel self-conscious.

T-T-T.

Well, I don't have a nice smile.

I have an exquisite frown.

No, I'm directing it, isn't it?

I know, I'm the seagull right now.

Oh, my teeth are canine, so it's kind of a real nice compliment.

Plus, you say you have them, but you don't have the normal amount.

I mean, you have less than a normal human being.

Yeah, but I don't have a big mouth anyways, because I don't have the jaw muscle, so it's mostly bone.

So when you only have a few canines, you really get a good bite in, yeah.

The smile shouldn't be as nice as it is, but somehow it works.

You have hardly any teeth.

They're all canines.

You have a perfectly round mouth.

Oh, yeah, and this is compliments, right?

Yes.

Wow.

Yes.

Big Charlie, what do you think?

I can't see a thing, but for me, I think T-T-T.

The first thing I thought of was somebody incorrectly trying to say E.T.'s name.

I don't know why.

T-T-phone phone phone.

Yes.

Now, who's that guy?

That's a funny guy.

Who's that?

You wouldn't talk that way.

I think he talked.

I like that.

Yeah.

You understand the movie E.T.?

I haven't.

I've seen the poster, though.

Oh, where?

I said the Rivoli is a movie theater, and I walked by it, so I know there's a bike and a moon.

It's probably the movie with the biggest spoiler on the poster.

The finger?

The E.T.'s finger?

Oh, the bike through the moon.

The bike through the moon.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

Honestly, T-T, if you've seen the poster, you've seen the movie?

I feel like Waterworld was the biggest spoiler.

It's in the title.

Yeah, that's true.

Well, the whole...

A spoiler...

Spoiler is more about a plot point.

It's not like, hey, he finds land on the Waterworld.

What about the Godfather?

Big spoiler.

Yeah.

You know?

That's right.

You find out right away he's the Godfather, right?

No, no.

In that movie, someone else is the Godfather, and the main character becomes the Godfather by the end of the spoiler.

Oh, wow.

I misunderstood the whole movie.

So it really is the very last one.

I'm excited, too.

Yeah.

If you had been joking there, you would have been wrong.

No, I just wanted to point out I misunderstood the whole movie.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Gah-one!

Jeez.

So you've never seen any movie, though?

You don't have to see it a lot of posters.

Yeah.

Yeah, which...

What was your best one?

I'll let you host.

No, please.

I want to ask you, too.

What's your favorite poster?

Oh, I love everyone's looking at me at once.

It feels so good.

Sorry if I get a little excited.

Well, he's blind, so...

Oh.

I'm glad I'm looking at you, though.

That's great.

Yeah.

My favorite movie poster is probably Bad Boys.

Oh, which one?

The Sean Penn one or the Will Smith one?

The Will Smith.

Don't be throw Sean Penn out of here.

Throw back.

I didn't double the wheel, am I right?

What?

I don't know.

I've never seen it.

So Martin Lawrence, Will Smith, as I recall, the poster is the words Bad Boys.

Yeah.

And then you can see into those words, like orange and flames and their...

Fire and they're running out of it, so it's like, I know they escape something, like I escape childhood.

Yeah, I mean, that is a spoiler.

They are Bad Boys.

Oh, yeah.

They're very Bad Boys.

Man, it was really poetic, T.V.

Escape in childhood.

Yeah.

Because that's what we all do.

Wow, I never looked at it.

I thought everyone else enjoyed it.

No, it sucks.

Oh, I gotta put that on the list.

I bonded with somebody.

Wow.

No, really, once you can buy stuff for yourself, that's when life starts.

John is all about, how can I get money to buy those mazes?

I'm like...

So everyone else has all the money.

How can I get the money?

And then suddenly you turn 18, they're like, go get the money yourself.

And you're like, all right.

And then everything's great.

That's kinda...

Yep.

Do you have any money?

You know, I carry around a lot of coin.

Meaning money or just coins?

No, like that's money.

You're sure?

I have money.

I have a lot of coins.

Where'd you get the...

He's got you there.

True.

Where'd you get all the coins?

Is it just picking them up all around the park?

Yeah, people give them to me on the streets sometimes.

They just toss it at me.

I catch it.

So it's almost like playing ball, you know?

I never had a dad, so it's like, I get to buy.

Where's your father, young man?

Well, my mom said, never spoke to him again.

So he's out there.

He's out there somewhere.

So really, big Charlie here, little Joe, they could be your father, depending on how old you are.

Not me, I'm sterile.

I'm so sorry, how'd you find that out?

Oh, the hot way.

I guess that's better than the theft, right?

Now you're telling jokes.

This is good.

I told them that.

I was a professional sperm donor, and then I got sued.

Oh, no, by who?

A bunch of mad ladies.

They were just mad that they were putting your sperm into them, or something?

It wasn't taking?

Is that what it was?

Yeah, maybe never baby.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Oh, thanks.

And then you, I forgot what question I asked.

You asked if it's possible that this young man could be our old man, we don't know.

It could be my child, and it is not possible.

Really, why is that?

I have never made love.

I'm so sorry.

Is that by choice?

Is that by, or I mean, I guess we all want to at certain times, and not by choice.

So we're not allowed to.

Well, it's by choice, and perfectly said, Scott Ockerman.

I mean, I'm saying you can't just go out there anytime you're horny and immediately upset.

Get out of here.

But no, for me, it is about, as you can see, I'm a very large man.

Sure.

And so if I tried to make love to anybody, I would squish them.

Oh, the Superman problem.

It's the Superman problem that's outlined by the characters Brody, and I forget the other one in Kevin Smith's Mall Rats.

Right.

Although I bet Superman is super sensitive testicles.

That's his one weakness.

You could like kick him in the balls, he'd be like a super ow!

Super ow!

That was like a mix of Superman and the 60s Batman.

Right.

Well, that's too, so I'm sorry, neither of these guys, Bob is your father.

Teethi, would you prefer I call you Teethi or?

I like when he calls me Teethi.

Who's he?

Me.

Oh, that's a whole...

Little guy.

Right, yeah.

Because it feels like we have a relationship now.

Okay, so I'm not allowed.

I don't have Teethi privileges.

Everyone's got privileges.

I'm open.

I'm a privilege away.

You know, I also have never had the sex.

Yeah, and much like your description, it's because of multiple reasons.

Oh, what are the reasons?

Do you?

No one wants to have sex with me.

That's usually what it is.

Yeah, but I'm ready.

Okay, well, you know, I mean, a little Joe over here, you're sterile, but have you had sex?

Oh, tons.

Tons, okay.

Oh, yeah.

So you've had a telepathically big Charlie.

He is great at it.

So he doesn't need to have it.

I don't need to.

Yeah.

I get to go.

I used to send a little message to my brother.

You're doing great, buddy.

So, but what if you were to have sex?

Maybe Teethi over here.

Well, no, I mean, I don't know if you guys are, you know, here's Bob and a little bit.

Well, anybody's orientation here.

Yeah, we don't know.

Should I ask that the first question or the second question?

After I see him anyway.

I'm going to ask two things for everyone.

Two first questions.

Great question.

I like it.

So which way do you swing, Bob?

You know, I think I'm like a swing, so always.

Oh, okay.

Now what a swing does.

It goes back in four.

That's true.

Perpetual motion machines don't exist, but I believe anything.

Good.

Bring him up.

Sorry.

I'm pretty in jealous.

It's always good.

They're making an exam.

I say, he's the thing that doesn't exist.

They illustrate the point that you already made.

Yeah.

Is it going to help?

So maybe there's a listener out there who would be, I don't know, you know, it sounds like you're always interested.

Maybe there'd be a listener who loves the sound of your voice.

I find it hard to believe, but.

I feel like that wasn't nice, but I'll take you anyways.

Yeah.

I mean, if they're out there, you can find me.

I'm at most parks most of the time.

Most of the time.

And I don't wear a lot of shirts because my hair is warm enough.

Right.

So I'll also keep you warm at night.

Big triceps, no biceps.

Yeah, no biceps, no biceps.

I'm not sure that was a joke.

You left like it was.

Yeah.

I was just trying to shorten things for fun.

T.V.

May I ask you a question?

Yes.

Are you certain that you are 100% a human being?

No.

Good question.

Okay.

This is a little dark, but my mom spent so much time in the parks, I could be Bigfoot's son.

Well, this is what I was wondering because of your outdoorsy lifestyle and your pursuit qualities, your very strange, but very appealing mouth.

I wondered if you might be some sort of cryptid.

I don't know because I have two big feet.

Oh, let me see those bad boys.

That's confusing because he just have the one that I can't be his son.

He never could be the Bigfoot.

But he'd have just one giant foot.

Not counting feet.

He's got big foot.

Let me see those.

Oh, yeah, right here.

Oh my lord.

I would.

That was our big.

I've seen there's a Hobbit poster and I thought someone took a photo of my foot once.

Oh my god.

Those are like size 12.

Yeah.

Bigger than average.

It must be a little hard to find shoes.

Yes.

In the sales section, it's not as easy as you think because it's already sold out.

Right.

Yeah.

They usually say I'll check in the back and then they come out and go, no, not in this style, but we have these.

Or we have a ladies 14 that'll work.

Right.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah, you may.

I mean, you might be the son of Bigfoot.

I mean, if he's out there, I'd like to meet him.

Yeah.

If you're out or Harry in the Henderson, he could be him too.

I could be half-scast.

Well, I think you think the name of that creature was Harry in the Henderson.

Does it?

You think there's Bigfoot and Harry in the Henderson?

Yeah.

And who else?

Sasquatch?

Yeah.

Those are the three.

Those are the main three.

So you could be one of the, I mean, you know, if you're out there, Sasquatch, and you're listening, and we brought you up last week.

Gavin!

And Gavin, if you're listening too.

Motherfucker.

We brought you up last week.

If you're out there, please let Bob Parks know if you're the father, because this is very irresponsible for you to nut milk and then just leave the mother.

We can play ball.

We can toss a ball and I'll put a glove on my hand.

Most people say I should cover my hands up anyway, so.

Can I say you have bigger hands than feet?

You should be called big hands.

Oh, this is the second nickname.

I'm going to add it to the list and then scratch it out.

And then you would be big ass.

You'd be big.

Big old boy.

Hey, you're back.

Oh, I never left.

Oh, that's right.

You can't see you behind your ass.

What?

And so you're hiding behind it.

My ass is still me.

Well, look, we have to take a break if that's okay.

Can you stick around, Bob?

Oh, yeah, I have nowhere to go.

I don't have friends.

I figured, but you're in most parks most of the time, though.

Most parks most of the time.

And listen, you want me to stay for a few days or weeks?

No, maybe another 20 minutes.

What do you say?

Yeah, yeah.

All right, when we come back, we'll have someone in the medical profession.

That's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy, Big, Big after this.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Comedy, Bang, Bang, We're Back.

We have Bob Parks is here with us, Adventurer.

And Big Feet, Teethi.

These are some of his nicknames and his catchphrase.

Big hands.

Yeah, big hands.

Oh, that's right.

Big, yes, big hands.

I get a lot of parts of my body are big and a lot aren't.

Yeah, that's true.

What are the small ones?

The biceps are small, obviously.

My belly button.

Yeah, that's tiny.

That's super tiny.

That's like, it looks like a mole.

I think it might be.

Oh, okay.

Oh, no, your belly button is right below it.

Oh, yeah, that's giant.

Yeah.

Whoops, sorry.

I had to pull the hair away.

I got to go.

Oh, yeah.

Oh my God.

That's like a full on orifice sticking in your belly.

Oh my God.

Yeah, we're welcome.

That's not a compliment.

We also have Lavineum, Arch Corrothers, aka Shevel Knievel is here.

Yeah, go to everyone listening to the podcast.

And Little Joe and Big Charlie had to take off, I believe.

And, but we have another guest here on the show.

It's great to be in the studio.

I got to tell you.

He's in the medical profession.

Please welcome to the show.

First time, Mark Patsy.

Hey Scott, how you doing, mate?

Oh, good.

Am I recognizing some sort of like English accent there?

Oh, it's probably in the out there.

Oh, Australia.

Thanks for noticing here.

Okay.

Yeah.

Welcome.

Welcome to the show.

You're from Australia.

Hey, baby.

Yeah.

I'm from Australia, but I live in the United States for a while now.

Okay.

How long?

Oh boy.

I moved out here when George H.W. Bush was president.

Okay.

So somewhere in between 2000 and 2008.

For 2001, I guess.

It's 2000.

H.W.

Oh, I'm sorry.

So between 1989 and 1993.

That's correct.

So it would have been 1990.

What exactly what you said.

Okay.

Great.

So you've been out here quite a long time.

Very long time.

I can see the America at my home away from home.

But not your home.

No, my home is Australia, as we mentioned earlier.

Sure, but you've lived here now for, gosh, since at least 1990, 30 years or so.

Somewhere around those plots.

Yeah.

I've lived here for four different presidents now.

How long were you in Australia?

I was there for three years.

So you're 33?

34?

Yes, somewhere around there.

Somewhere around there.

And if I did that math, that would probably be the way to figure out.

Why do you have this accent?

Why am I Australian?

No.

Why do you talk like this?

You don't even remember Australia.

Well, both of my parents hit Australia.

Max suits.

So we're on the house.

We spoke in Australia, Max.

I understood.

And so that's why I was raised.

That's what I'm used to you.

This is Bob Parks, by the way.

Oh, by the way, do you- Pleasure to meet you.

Are you blind in one eye?

Let me check real quick.

Have you ever had sex?

Well, all right.

Two great questions.

And why did your sexual orientation?

Why in that one?

Well, that's right.

I got confused on which sex question it was.

Which inappropriate sex question you were supposed to do.

Yeah.

Let's see closing my left eye.

I can still see.

Closing my right.

I can still see.

So both eyes work.

I am attracted to none of you.

So you're either all ugly or un-trivial.

Women?

Oh, no.

Look at your woman.

Oh, damn.

You.

And she's ugly.

Well, tell you all.

Oh, damn you.

What do you want to say?

I kind of like it.

Sometimes from the back, all I see is the back.

That's fun.

Now, that's a good- That's a pitch phrase if you don't have one yet.

Oh, yeah, I kind of like it.

I like it.

Oh, I like it.

I like it.

And let's see.

Was there another question?

And yes, I have had sex.

Many of you have sex.

Okay.

How is it?

Sex?

Yeah.

It's one of my favorite things to do with people I love.

That's right.

As we've always said on this show, Ula La Sex.

Now it is what- I knew this would be the show for me because I have thought something similar to that.

Not those exact words, because that's very particular, but yes, Ula La Sex and those- Those exact words should be on a t-shirt.

They really should.

I don't know why they're not.

What's the hold up?

I don't get it.

I would wear a t-shirt for it.

Really?

Have you ever won a shirt?

This is big.

Wow.

First shit.

That would be someone helping me in my arms.

That's just- I like I said, once the arms were tracked, there's no going back.

You've always had that.

Yeah, of course.

So you're in the medical profession?

Yes, right, Scott.

Thanks for asking.

You know, I have been- It's been a tough year for me.

I've been a good one, a great year for me, because I have been a COVID- you know, compliance officer for different jobs.

I've been working on health, keeping people safe and everything.

But now that hopefully COVID is going away, I need work.

Oh, okay.

And you know, unless everybody wants to stay sick, which is possible, and it's an option, then you're- No, I think we'd rather be over- I know, I wanted to ask you to- Okay, sure.

Yeah, I know.

Sticks are bad.

Say, may I ask a question, which I think might sound foolish, but it seems very obvious.

What did you do before COVID?

Well, I sold six foot long sticks.

Six foot long sticks?

Yes, I would- Sticks- So sticks- Individual sticks.

Now, we're one foot long?

No. Oh, and that is- It was that the problem- It was one of the known- One of the known problems is people would come in because they'd buy a sandwich from Subway, and they'd think it was too short, and they'd say, can I get one foot long stick?

Because I need to compare it to my sandwich.

So I- Because I want to bring it into Subway and say, you made a sandwich too small for me.

This always happens, of course.

I had a lot.

I said no, I do not- You could still buy the stick from me?

And cut it yourself.

Cut it, cut it.

As long as you had a ruler to help you, or other one foot long sticks, in order to help you know where to cut.

That's right.

Which is my number one competition is people selling six rulers.

Oh, no.

I have six rulers.

Do you?

I fell for the marketing.

Yeah.

It's- Yeah.

You don't really need to buy those in bulk in a six pack.

You know what I mean?

No, guilty.

I did it too.

Yeah.

They sell it so well.

I don't- You feel like I need to have that in my home.

Why do you- What if I have to measure two things at the same time, four times?

Well, this is- And this is the problem is you've all been brainwashed.

By big inch.

And big inch is constantly trying to give more reasons to sell rulers.

That's my nickname, by the way.

The big inch.

Big inch.

I had a feeling.

People go, well, he said it was an inch, but it's a big inch.

It's a big one.

It's a big inch.

It's a wide inch.

It's a wide inch indeed.

I may not be able to reach the back, but I can bang the hell out of the sides.

Now six- My man!

So funny!

Come and marry me, high five!

Why are we high five?

That was awesome, my man.

I love that it's got absolutely- Absolutely.

We got to get a drink sometimes, Scott.

I don't know.

Let me buy you a foster sale to this.

No, no, thank you.

All right.

So you were selling sticks for the first 12 years of your- I was selling sticks through the Clinton impeachment Bush v.

Gore.

So the Clinton impeachment around 97.

That's right.

Okay, then Bush v. Gore.

Bush v. Gore.

That was 2000.

Oh, yes.

Very good.

And then of course the George W. Bush presidency.

I took a sabbatical for the Obama presidency.

Why?

What about that triggered you to take a sabbatical?

Unrelated!

My choice- I remember you based on presidency, but it's not like I was so furious.

Oh, that's how you remember time.

Yes, exactly.

No, it wasn't like on January 21st, 2008, I said it.

And I'm out of here.

I promised for a whole year if this guy gets elected, I'm leaving the country.

That's not- The one person that's going to actually live through that promise.

Hey, I asked you, Mr. Patsy, will you- By chance, telling you these sticks on January 6th of this year?

On January 6th, I sold us a lot of sticks and also a lot of flags.

Oh, you make flags as well?

Well, just the thing, the flag- Is that flag if it's not on the stick?

Is it still considered a flag?

I think it's a flag with a stick otherwise.

Yeah, I think when they fold the flag and everything, it doesn't have the stick on it.

It would be impossible to fold into the corners.

And I tried to convince them that I used to get a military funerals, and I said, well, you should also- You used to go to military funerals?

And I would try to push my long sticks, because believe it or not, I had far too many- Wait for fun?

Or because you knew the people?

For cash money, Scott!

For cash money, what do you mean?

I was trying to sell these sticks.

I had too many six-foot- Long sticks?

You got to take the paws in the appropriate place.

Where? You say appropriate?

In appropriate.

Now is that like you?

My man, Scott!

A pooper!

Stop by viving me, God!

We got to have some Vegemite to give us, Scott.

No, thank you.

Oh my gosh, it's terrible.

We got to try it.

But so I would sell it.

I would go to the funeral.

I need to push sticks.

You know, I had too many of them, and I'd say, well, you should fold the stick with the flag.

If you don't have one, I'll sell you one right now.

Very cheap, because of the braved and the dead, I wanted to give them a deal.

And, you know, very frequently, they would end up shooting me with the 21 guns.

Oh, okay.

How many would hit?

Well, luckily, the guys that do the salute are always the worst shots.

That's why they get that job.

It's like, hey, fire up in the air.

You don't need to hit anything.

Yeah, don't be in a firing squad.

Don't be on the front line.

We'll put you at the funerals, Mike.

And so, it's very nice of them, because they still get a job.

They still get to- If people looking at you, aiming at you, giving you attention?

Oh, you think being shot at is nice.

I don't know. Never been shot.

Bob, it is frightening.

It is very scary to be shot.

You never been shot or shot at?

No, that should be on your bucket list.

I guess I got to keep adding.

Yeah.

Hey, it does surprise me that you've never been shot at.

Do you find that you inspire fear in some people?

Mostly.

People, when they see me, they turn and run the other way.

That's a specific kind of fear.

Yeah.

It means they're so scared that they don't even want a risk shooting you.

Yeah. And then, LeVinny over here, when she turns around, people run towards it, because of that ass.

What a mama.

Oh, thank you.

I should give them an inch and they'll take a mile.

I'll give you one inch.

What a hand, son.

Son, stop.

I've asked me.

Hands with me and bump kiss.

Son, hit one, Scott.

It was so good.

Oh, my gosh.

So you- Well, I'm looking for work, and I thought Scott- Yes.

I thought maybe I could be the on-site health officer for your podcast.

Podcasts are very dangerous.

And I notice you don't have anyone on-site here, or site, but we outline the ways in which budget has a very dangerous.

Well, I heard two people went blind just today.

Drowned during this podcast.

Good point.

Yeah.

You know, I've seen your guest list on this podcast, so sometimes it's dangerous people.

Sometimes crazy stuff happens.

Yeah.

Sometimes as a guy just wandering around, shouting the word Gavin over and over.

Yeah, motherfucker.

You know this guy?

I thought he was the VLA.

I spent 15 minutes on doing it, so I realized he wasn't going to go off.

He wasn't going to take your keys.

Well, because every thing he says to me sounds like a response to my question.

Yeah.

But he never asked me a question about myself.

That's right.

It sounds like it's going to affect something in the life, and then it has nothing to do with anything.

Never does.

It's just random.

Random.

And I tell you, that's probably why that Gavin Phil left him.

Yeah.

To stare at me.

Yeah.

Exactly.

So you're looking for work.

I mean, well, just right now, what I'm looking at here, if you hired me, I would move your face four inches away from that microphone.

From the microphone.

Not from my body.

You'd want me to move back?

Is that what you want me to move back here?

Perfect.

Because otherwise, you get a bustle lip on that thing.

I can see it's got, and you can bustle it on the mic.

You're very fucking smart.

I'm worried people can't, I would rather be right next to it, because I'm worried people can't hear me.

Well, if you just make like some of your earlier guests and speak loudly, I share all the time.

Okay.

I thought that was going to be like a make like a tree and leave.

Oh, that's clever.

Well, of course you would like it, Bob.

Yeah, I do.

Well, of course I would.

I like everything.

You are a wonderful person to have around.

I love that attitude.

It's very Australian, from what I've heard about the country.

It's people are very...

Have you ever had Vegemite?

Vegemite?

No, it's awful stuff, but it's so fun to say.

Everybody say Vegemite.

Vegemite.

Go on.

Vegemile.

What the fuck?

So, I don't know that I have a job for you here.

Oh, that's unfortunate.

What about...

Let me just...

Let me try something.

Okay, great.

Great.

Yeah, convince me.

Lavania, take two steps to your eye.

Mrs. Corothers.

Oh, I don't have privileges.

No.

She can't take two steps back, because she's four feet away from the wall.

You're the one who brought it up, Lavania.

I know.

Two steps to the right, Lavania.

Two steps to the right, if you would.

And you've just bumped Bob with your huge butt.

You could have knocked him right.

Oh, my God.

You could have knocked him right to the ground.

Bam, concussion.

Who's going to take care of that?

Ben, why did you have me do that?

It's an example of what could be up in there.

But she wasn't doing it.

But she could have.

But she didn't.

But she wouldn't have.

But she might have.

Stop hyping me.

I want to have some.

I'm going to have some.

I want to have five.

Here you go, upload.

Upload.

I guess it's low for someone who's tall as Bob, the son of Bigfoot.

That's right, upload.

Too fast.

You got your hand down before I got mine in.

Yeah, I got my foot.

Oh, man.

You know, I am even frightened right now.

I am next to almost a feral man who happens to be very nice.

She's got lice.

Yeah, rabies.

That's true.

Got rid of it.

Which one?

The rice, the labies.

The rice are the labies.

The rice I have all the time.

You always keep some in your pocket.

If you get hungry, it expands in your job.

And if you show up at a wedding, you're always prepared.

To kill birds.

Yeah, exactly.

As for the labies, I don't know.

Yeah, the labies are there.

Oh, well, no, I'm sorry.

How dare we keep forgetting you're here.

We.

I will say it's God's defense.

I forgot I'll leave you a woman.

So he forgot you're here, but I forgot you're a woman.

How could you forget such a thing?

I do not know.

It might be the way.

Let me see this politely.

The way you look.

How?

I think...

May I repeat?

It's dangerous becoming a good guy.

How dare you?

I think your catchphrase was your rude young man.

I'm at it.

Catchphrase it.

Well, I was being a rude young man right there.

Whoa.

Oh, dear.

Oh, my God.

Stop, I'm vibing me.

Well, I look, I don't think so.

Please call.

If you don't hire me, I'm out on the street with a bunch of sticks.

What am I going to do with you?

Can you come to the park with me?

All right.

That doesn't...

You seem interesting.

I know so many compliments in one day.

But I don't want to live with somebody I just met in the middle of nowhere.

I've got a wife to feed.

Wait, what's...

What part of it?

Would you live with someone you just met in a neighborhood?

Or would you live with an old old friend?

What are your terms?

Also, why do you have to feed your wife?

Because you have to feed herself.

Well, you know, it's just...

It's more of a metaphor.

I've got to put food on the table for my family.

She doesn't work.

Unfortunately, my wife's business is in the toilet, right?

Oh, she makes toilet.

Is she a plumber?

Yeah, no, her business is in the toilet.

So she is a...

She does...

There can't be much foot traffic.

What does she do?

Well, no, you are all correct.

Start high-fiving me.

Yeah, that was...

That deserved it.

Thank you, T.V.

That was correct.

My wife sells six-foot-long toilet paper roll hangers inside indie-gump toilets at festivals and...

Why did she sell them six at a time?

I'm sorry?

Why did she sell them six at a time?

No, six-foot...

Long?

Where should the balls be?

Does that really hide?

You got to stand up.

So it's...

So it's if you need to carry a lot of toilet paper, a burning man.

Oh...

Burning man.

Because I've been in America for so long, sometimes why exit?

Is it an amalgamation?

Sure, yeah.

That was a little bit of New Orleans.

So many of the Cajuns did Los Angeles.

Well, I did live in the Cajun pot at...

No, no.

Oh, I have you lost it?

No, no.

Is this...

You finally...

You've lost your Australian accent.

You've been finally here in America so long?

Scott, it is official.

Yes.

I am here again now.

Welcome to America.

The Biden years will be the years.

I've become a full-on American accent.

Wow!

Yeah!

We have a happy ending after all.

Yeah, that was almost like a reverse of the end of Terminator 2.

I went through all my accents, but it came out alive instead of melting.

Oh, that's a spoiler alert.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, excuse me, everybody.

I don't know who it happened to.

So luckily, that's not on the poster.

Well, look, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show, and that, of course, is a little something called plugs.

♪ ♪ Christmas time is a time for gifts ♪ ♪ Family and hugs ♪ What?

♪ But right now it's not Christmas time ♪ ♪ So let's just do some plugs ♪ ♪ Ho, ho, ho ♪ ♪ Plugs ♪ ♪ Ooh, beautiful backup singing ♪ That was lovely.

That was, it's not Christmas by Matt Landry.

Matt Landry.

And it's not?

It's very accurate song.

It truly is.

I mean, yeah, 364 days a year, that would apply.

What's our way plug in here?

Mrs. Corothers, what would you like to plug?

Well, thank you for addressing me so politely.

You're welcome.

I would like to plug stunts.

If, just in general, just in general, if you see someone on a motorcycle, get excited.

They might be doing a stunt.

99 times out of 100, a stunt is about to occur.

I think your math is correct.

99 times out of 100, someone on a motorcycle is going to do a stunt.

Tracy.

So keep watching.

Yeah, the, oh yeah, of course.

High five, me.

Oh, now you want it.

But it's not coming.

Why, why no high five?

Well, I only do it on my own suggestion.

I never get talked into a high five.

And maybe you don't know how to do the American high five now.

You've just been doing Australia.

I have been doing an Australian bro high five.

Oh, okay.

Which is a kangaroo punch.

Right.

Mark Patsy, what do you want to plug?

Well, I would like to plug my favorite.

Oh my gosh.

What's happening here?

Oh.

My favorite.

Well, of course, Patsy's six comma foot long sticks.

But why the, the comma is confusing.

What was the only.

Does it come with one?

If you buy a six foot long stick, you get a comma on the sides for any of your signs.

Yeah.

So how big is the comma?

Huge.

Oh, that's like comparatively, if you were to put it next to her ass.

What would, how do you, your own rude young man?

I guess to two feet.

I'm hiding them.

Is that the two for the final kid friends?

Maybe so.

But yeah, I mean, you could, I mean, you could, it would probably be about the size of your ass.

You could put it right in between and it would look like the right cheek was owned by the left cheek.

Oh, my God.

It's like it was.

It was excessive.

Yeah, I understand.

So it could also be used as a deposit fee.

Absolutely a comma is always an upside down.

The apostrophe of the ground.

Wow.

That's beautiful.

That's a two for.

How dare you young man.

And is there anything else you want to play?

Yes.

You're the man now dog in the Improvacoverty podcast and BigGrande presents.com for more Improv Podcast.

All right.

Wonderful.

Bob Parks.

What would you like to plug?

Yeah.

I mean, if you see me around, say hi.

Yeah.

Nice.

I heard there's a podcast coming out called sick sick.

Yeah.

S I C K S I C K this lady mannequin Smith.

What's that?

A lady mannequin mannequin lady mannequin.

I'm trying to say her name, you know, why it seems like something you would have said a million times.

I know.

Who's this lady?

Me and a guest Smith.

She's funny.

Monica Smith.

Oh, okay.

I'm sure if you want to see punked, I guess watch that.

Just punked in general?

Like the last two seasons.

Oh, the last two.

Oh, okay.

Don't start being dead punked on it.

She does the punk.

Okay.

Yes.

It's not this unfortunate woman who's constantly punked.

No.

She didn't get out of here.

Two seasons worth of punking.

I'm not even famous.

I'm a sashter.

Yeah.

Sick.

It's a podcast where she interviews people about illness and making it happy.

Oh, okay.

That's a American people get it.

It hasn't come out yet.

It comes out at the end of the month.

Oh, okay.

Get excited?

Well, I mean, we're just about at the end of the month.

So that's good.

You have a- You get excited as you would if you also wore a motorcycle.

Oh, I like all- 99 times I attend that podcast is going to come out.

And I want to- Have a- Oh, my goodness.

I want to- I mean, the end of the month is just one week away.

I know.

Shouldn't you have a release date?

Okay.

Never mind.

No.

In my head it was June, but it's actually May.

It is.

Yeah.

Well, at least you know that.

Well, you know, I don't keep a calendar because where are you putting it in a pocket?

Exactly.

Maybe that big ass belly button of yours.

Oh, that's a compliment I think.

What are you talking to me?

No, I know you heard big ass and your ears perked up.

I want to plug- I have another podcast, Three-Dum, which is Paul F. Tompkins and Lauren Lapkis and myself just sitting around and shooting the shit.

We had a major announcement this last week on Three-Dum.

And head over there to hear a- it's part of Lauren's topics, which is a very popular feature on that show.

She made a big announcement, so if you're a fan of Lauren Lapkis, listen to last week's Three-Dum last Thursday's.

And listen to that show.

It comes out on Thursdays.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something, I've been getting a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting a little honest.

You've been crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You gotta open up the door, open it up.

And then the stone bag shows back all the love that's broken.

Make sure you shout out to him.

Hey, don't mess around with it.

Don't mess around.

You make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

Open that shit.

Oh, wow.

That was closing the plug bag live at O2 Arena by Dead Friends.

That was an incredible remix.

Well, I don't think we've repeated one this year.

You guys have been doing great on the remixes.

It's really bringing that one to life and making me not hate it.

We still do.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Bob Parks, so great to meet you.

Yeah, you can hug me.

I think I'll pass.

I'm a little afraid of those triceps.

But, you know, if you want to wrap those buys around me, that's why you called them, right?

Yeah, yeah.

Give my hug and hurt them.

Please hammer.

If you hammer, you hurt them.

And Mark Patsy.

What can one say in this situation?

Absolutely.

What can one say?

It's been real.

It's been fun.

It hasn't been real fun.

You got me.

And speaking of phrases like that, live in you.

I hate to see you leave, but you know what I love.

You are a rude young man out there.

You look like a two foot.

Alright, we'll see you next time.

Go, go, go.

♪♪ I'm going to go ahead and get started.
