---
layout: page
title: 708. Nikki Glaser, Zach Reino, Zac Oyama [8bf83ef1-8ab4-4ed3-8e2d-ad390016facf].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Don't say that you missed me if you're not gonna fist me.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you too.

Call Waiting for Godot.

For that, welcome to Catch, Race, Emission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Some of our guests are shaking their heads at that terrible Catch, Race, Emission.

But welcome to the show.

My name is Scott Ochreman, and it's Comedy Bang Bang.

Just chugging away.

We are now in our 13th year and enjoying it.

And we have an incredible show for you coming up.

We have an influencer.

Oh, we don't have enough influencers on this show.

So that's exciting.

Someone who will influence people's thinking and the choices that they make in life.

That is very exciting.

We also have an educator.

An educator will be here with us.

So that is, you know, an in from the shallow to the deeps.

As they say, we will be running and running the gamut?

No, we will be running on empty?

No, we will be running the trifecta, certainly, because we also have a third guest who is here with us.

And she is our first guest, even though I just called her our third guest, and she's a wonderful comedian who got her start, I believe, on a little show called Last Comic Standing and who has had a wild and woolly career with many incredible ups and I don't want to say downs, but interesting things that have happened.

But she's saying downs too.

And she is now on an upswing because her podcast, the Nikki Glaser podcast is out there now on iHeart and big money players anywhere that podcasts are sold.

And look, I mentioned her name already.

I should just say what it is.

Please welcome to the show for the first time Nikki Glaser.

Oh my gosh.

So happy to be here, Scott.

So happy to have you on.

Please don't be honored to be here.

Oh, I am because this is like this is trying to get you on for years and years and years.

Oh, you know what?

Any reason that I haven't been on.

Like, I realize that I'm a part of the reason I've been on because I've been scared to go on because I haven't been on.

So you're like 100% of it.

But no, I feel like I maybe I wasn't famous enough.

But you always offered me things that you like you always gave me spots on CDR really early on.

I believe that I've known you since you started doing comedy like in the first year to do the podcast.

I don't know why because all are welcome here and you are no exception.

I'm so excited to be here though.

Now I feel good.

I feel like my nerves have settled down.

Yeah, I'm just honored to be here and I'm actually I just yeah, I thank you for I was kind of reflecting on my, you know, relationship with Scott Ockerman and you were just always this person that I was always so kind to me when you didn't have a reason to be and you stood up for me and you like you just because I you just thought I was funny and you thinking I was funny like meant so much to me when I was just not getting that from anyone.

There was nothing in it for me other than laughing at your jokes and that was aiming enough.

It was and it I knew that and it was just very it was just affirming that this guy who knows what funny is and is the funniest thing.

Some funny.

So hey, who has two things you're funny this guy.

Yeah, that was your classic bit and I love that bit.

Everyone popularized it and stole it from me.

They don't know that it started somewhere.

It's like the Richard Lewis from hell thing.

No one knows it started from him.

Wait, what's that?

He started saying it's the whatever from hell.

He's very upset that people have popularized it and don't credit him for it.

I would be pissed off too.

Yes, everyone says it.

He's fighting to me when these things that David Spade started one.

Oh, the 90s called and it wants its haircut back that's spade.

That's that's him.

That was his popular setup.

You just think that that's a thing that's always been.

Here's what here's what happens is I think comedian started and then sitcom steal it and then even worse dramas that think they're funny then steal it after it comes and then the public just all they all say it after that.

Well, I remember that I was so fascinated in the genesis of Nickelback being a punchline because it happened quickly and it wasn't.

Oh my gosh, he was like.

It was a punchline.

But this is what happened.

I read some kind of like article about how that started and it was because there was a tough crowd clip of Brian Po saying that used to play all the time all the time on Comedy Central over and over where that was promoting that like week or like maybe it was just a never green one they would play where he says he makes a Nickelback joke and makes them the punchline and after that it just ingrained itself in the zeitgeist and it would they were never the same again but it's all because it was on a.

All because of Jose.

Jose started the Nickelback that that they're a punchline.

Comedians have the power to topple giants.

Yes, Jordan Brady, the director of the documentary I am comic he started bowchicle wow wow for like poor sound.

He started.

I had no idea.

I think I'm in that movie.

These all I wondered why you said it to me.

And then that's sex with me.

These all have a start.

It's so fascinating.

It's so crazy.

Well, speaking of starts you Nikki you got your start.

I think I am correct in saying that that you got your start on last comic standing.

Is that right?

That's the first time that I believe I ever saw.

I mean you had been doing obviously you didn't walk into last comic standing and do comedy for the first time on television.

But you know to it was like a year in.

Where do you have to do it?

If I'm remembering I remember you in Arizona.

Is that.

Did you want to do something there or something.

That might have been a city they showcase when they also show his Chicago which is where on the episode.

So I was in Chicago at Zay's.

The most windy of cities.

It is I hear it's windy and I hear that's not because the the you know politics there's a lot of like hot air blowing everywhere.

It's actually because of the winds off of the Lake Michigan.

This is another thing that a lot of people don't know.

Commonly people to get that wrong and they get it the other way.

So I'm trying to put that out there.

Thank you for correcting the record.

We appreciate it.

And Bauchika Wauwau was started by Jordan Brady.

So honor him whenever you do like important music sounds.

Yes.

Whenever you have sex think of Jordan Brady.

Please do.

Oh my God.

And think about talking about Jordan Brady.

Yeah.

This moment think of I yeah I auditioned to Chicago with I was doing comedy in Kansas City.

Open mics.

I was going to school there.

I started doing comedy my freshman year of college.

I did like one set and I was like okay I found it like I wanted to be an actress.

I wanted to be like Jennifer and since I was like sixth grade.

I just wanted to be famous or like whatever that was.

And I wasn't good at any of the things that would give you that like.

Isn't that so strange.

Usually those people go into publicity.

Instead you went into comedy.

No I wanted to be her.

Yeah I guess you're right.

Like there is that energy.

The publicity field is filled with people who grew up going.

That would be cool to be famous.

And then they realized they have no talent instead they just like.

Oh is that right.

Email about famous people.

Oh my God is that why I resent them so much.

Just because I could have been them so easily if I just would.

I have plenty of reasons to resent them.

But yeah.

Well yeah that's a that's a good point too.

I mean that's a whole God.

I would love to talk off air.

I mean not even off air.

It's just not even funny.

It is funny.

Publicists are so expensive.

It is so funny.

It's incredible.

That writing that check is the.

People don't know this.

You always got to bite your lip.

If you are a nobody or you're the biggest somebody.

There's a flat rate for publicists.

Just a flat rate if you're Clooney.

The Clooney Dog playing pranks on set or if you're someone like us.

You got it.

You got to write the exact same check every month.

That law like why do we follow this?

Why doesn't someone just undercut them and like.

Because I think it should be a competitive business because it should be.

Yeah.

But instead they've all decided that hey we're all going to charge and I don't even want to say how much it is per month.

I mean it's.

It's insane.

It's so gross.

It's enough so that it's just.

Yeah.

So that they can they can live a luxury lifestyle without living off their clients.

And the weird thing is they're trying to make you more famous and more money.

Like that's what they're trying to do.

So they should they have no incentive to make you richer.

Because they're getting a flat fee instead of a percentage.

Let me just say I love publicists though and we rely on them to book all the guests here.

And in fact I think you were booked through one.

But.

I was and I like them and I like when I read with the people.

And we love them.

And they have great ideas but they have no incentive to make the ideas happen as quickly as they promise.

And they have to check if they if they succeed or if they fail.

And usually I mean in my case they fail.

That's why I don't care.

My publicists are great people.

When my Starbucks drink is garbage it's like I would make it that too if I was making this amount of monthly.

That's the other thing is.

It didn't matter.

Everything that people sell to us the Starbucks drink everything should be on a percentage of your monthly income.

And then they have then they have.

Inside the Starbucks barista goes oh I better like pump Nikki up with a really good drink today so she can go out and make that money so I get my money.

Cool.

But yes okay so back to his last coming standing.

I am in Kansas City doing just open mics.

I realize but I realize that like oh yeah I realize comedy is what I want to do because I was trying to do everything else I wasn't that good at it.

I would have ended up a publicist totally if I wouldn't have just been told oh you should be a comedian.

I probably would have ended up being a comedy writer.

Was it a friend of yours or everyone told you.

Not everyone but you know like a lot of people.

I realize you being hyperbolic when you say everyone.

I don't think that everyone in the United States took turns like in Hands Across America and you went down the line.

I say everyone though like it is annoying.

It's like not it was two people if you really think about it and they're saying everyone.

That is honestly the not even so it was it was enough people that I as like I thought I was literally just gonna like because I was it's my whole story is like it's kind of sad.

I was like anorexic I was like dying I didn't have a reason to live I literally thought I was just gonna like die because I was like there's nothing I like about life I'm hungry all the time I'm depressed this sucks like I have no passion I'm not good at anything I want to be good at.

I mean it's a city.

I was in I was in Colorado at this point I was like oh my gosh and I was like it was beautiful but I was just like literally thought I would like I'll probably kill myself one day like I don't I know that's really terrible but I just used to think like it's not tomorrow but I just like don't have a reason to live and then I did stand up the first time and I literally was like okay I'm gonna find out a way to like start eating and so I can like live because this is like more fun than whatever the fuck I'm trying to do and so I just what's that's an inspirational story that is an inspirational story it is it is but it's also like it's it's not that it like went away I just like was like okay I don't want to die let's just like keep this thing in the background.

And by the way thank God you were funny at it because if you hadn't have been I would have just kept going until I found something I was good at which maybe would have been being a publicist. I think it would make a great publicist as empty and show business is what could you what could you do for me as a publicist well I say that we should each be kidding me each other's publicist let's do it for each other let's what we should start all email everyone around for you that would be actually an interesting thing to do with people that have a little bit of pull yeah is whenever I work with someone I'm like if you ever want me to recommend you an email from someone that people respect of course I'll do it for you.

So much more than like your publicist being like she is this is her year she's killing it and I'll do it for one dollar less a month.

Okay well I I thought we would talked about how that wasn't but I see that saying okay I mean I don't think that someone needs to come on that much but one dollar less yeah.

Okay I'm I thought it was gonna be a little more of a grassroots thing where we like help each other and it was a grassroots yeah we'll do all that and one dollar less a month we'll do all the grassroots stuff everything yeah don't worry.

I guess by that I meant like it would be just out of the kind like just a communal thing that we would share but yeah.

Oh yeah we'll share it yeah definitely.

I think I already agreed to it so I think I'm by by publicist law you're now.

Publicist law yeah.

If you've admitted it don't assume.

Publicist law is a lot like common law.

Yeah with with wives.

Right.

Wait what does common law mean?

Well apparently I used to think it was it was people who are not married who have been together for so long that people just go like oh they are married but I think there's a legal stipulation that you need to refer to each other as your wife or husband.

Oh.

To where people think you are married you just have never had the ceremony does that make sense.

Yeah I could be totally getting this wrong and and I tell you I try to be as accurate as possible with facts on this podcast but.

Yeah I don't even know why I want to know that though.

Why isn't common though he's like you know Academy Award winning songwriter and hip hop producer and artist.

Why doesn't he get into arranging common law marriages having like a legal zoom type website.

Common's common law.

Yes.

Common's law.

Why does and the other thing why doesn't he have a law and order type show on NBC called Common's law where he's the judge and he's like you know distributing law I don't know if you distribute law but you certainly enacted.

Common's law.

Common law.

And then he also has a cooking show on like peacock common slaw or commons slaw.

Yes where he does different slaws.

Different types of slaws.

Yeah.

That are showcased with barbecue that's like a very trendy thing.

Common's law.

Common is capable of carrying this much show.

Absolutely not.

There was a period where he was on TV every five seconds when he was on the Academy Award because I really got to remember him.

Well just think of like a Newsy hat and then think of what's under it.

Oh yes.

You'll think of Common.

I don't want to speak but I think he hold on.

You want to speak ill of Common but.

No I would never.

Yeah he's dating Tiffany Haddish or he was.

I think he is.

Oh okay good for Tiffany.

And I love that pairing so I do think he could carry all of that because if he's if he's able to.

He must be funny.

Cool.

So I would totally watch Common's law either a cooking show version or both.

Sure.

I would I would watch them simultaneously.

Yeah I probably.

Two screen experience because that's what I do with like I try to just consume way too much at the same time.

I think that these TV shows like he should be he should be in his judge robes in his chambers and he's getting some slaw and then you see something pop up that say if you want to see how to make this law cook on Common's law.

Oh we integrate.

And then you get taken over to the recipe show yeah.

Right we we we we make the shows inside each other okay so I like that.

I think we just like a turducken of shows.

A judge a judge a cooking judge show a slaw.

Yes.

And then we combine both we have.

Well that's the thing he hangs out in the courtroom then he goes back into his chambers and he makes his slaw.

He just tubs and tubs of it.

Okay that's.

And he's not and he's not you know making it for friends or anyone ever.

Just room temperature slaw.

Honestly tired of his slaw.

Yeah.

But he doesn't have the he doesn't have the math skills to take the recipe down and to have it or to quarter it or anything.

So he just has to make these giant tubs.

Just go.

Yeah.

Challenge him he's a part of the challenge so he makes a slaw based on just his and we see him progress through the season and learn actually the right.

The right fractions.

Yes.

And then by and then he brings it out and then they judge it.

I just don't know if people eating slaw out of in a courtroom is like a good vibe.

He tries to pass it out to all of the you know the onlookers and the herd into the lawyers.

Yeah.

And no one really want because they've been in there so many times they're like no thank you common.

But every you're already.

I don't know if we can sustain just with slaw.

We might have to.

Oh no.

This is just one episode.

Oh it gets canceled.

I'm planning on getting canceled.

This is a presentation.

Yeah.

If we talked about how you started standard comedy.

Oh my God.

I mean it's a good story and I hate to like go into it because I've talked about before.

But yes.

So last time I was saying it was the first time.

But I auditioned for it because I thought that I mean I went with a bunch of guys from Kansas City.

There are a bunch of there are 10 guys I think that we rented a van that our friend had to hook up on a van and they were all like guys in their late 20s and 30s.

What kind of hookup does one have on a van?

Like we were all broke as fuck like we rent we got a rental a cheap rental.

So huge.

So he rented a van.

Yeah.

But we had to hook up with the guy the guy.

Oh we gave it to the rental place.

Yeah.

So then we got to hook up at a hotel too in Chicago and they were all going to audition for the hotel.

Okay.

Just yeah but it was like this website where you like name your own price.

Expedia.

Okay got it.

But he had to hook up at the website where if you like it was like a memorial day sale.

So you log down to Expedia.com rented a van from it and got a hotel room from it.

Yes.

But it was like it was because of his hookup in the Wi-Fi in his apartment.

Oh free Wi-Fi.

Oh okay got it.

Oh I see.

So we got this van and we went it was just me and a bunch of like old dudes to me they were old now super young but we.

Yeah there was.

27 or something.

Yeah 10 hours and we just listened to I remember listening to feeling kind of patent patents patent Oswald's album and from he taped it and like he felt in Athens Georgia.

It is iconic that album and you really can't find it that many places.

It's not referenced a lot.

So it like I listened to it again when Trump was happening because it's all during George W. Bush like the height of when we hated him.

And it was just fantastic.

So we listened to that the whole way just quoting it having the best time and I didn't want to go to Chicago because I was like I don't want to I wanted to go for the trip because these were my friends comics trip.

But I didn't want to audition because I didn't want to be that fan who I'd seen on previous seasons where he didn't have enough material.

What season were you you were.

I was four.

Okay and that fan was on season one maybe any one but he kept doing the same five minutes over and over again because he was a new comedian.

But I just thought it was so ridiculous to want to do something that you don't have the chops for like that's truly why I'd probably resisted coming on here is because I wanted to come on when I knew I would kill it.

And I like to wait.

I mean honestly the whole common slaw chunk is gold at this point and get a wind up on the best of so.

If it doesn't I will I either won't be surprised or I will be deeply soothed because I also think I don't I'm like is was that funny but to me to us.

Plus yes as the immortal bard wants it.

I like to put in Chaucer at the end I read the spark notes of that in college I think and I didn't I literally didn't read any book in college.

I never read a book in high school or college.

Whoa I faked my way through every book report just reading the summaries of every book.

Yeah that is incredible and actually that's an AP English skill.

I was an AP English too and I didn't read I didn't read I never read a single book.

I put them in my locker locked them up and I thought the lockers were there to keep me away from the books.

So I changed the combination immediately.

It teaches you it's so good for comedy because it teaches you how to like make bullshit bullshit I mean it's yeah and really I mean I would get a's on papers that have books I hadn't read and like would just you just you find a way and you wait till the last second so that was my I was an English major because I had the credit for maybe English which I bullshit my way through and I just kept bullshitting.

You're using English right now and you're fluent in it and you're using it comedically so it's like it's time to stay up late the night before and like bang stuff out like you know when you when you have like a late night spot you don't get sleepy.

Yeah yeah no that's not true now I'm at the point where I'm just like oh god I'm just so I'm on stage literally just like I'm tired because I'm a 930 and done person now especially done before you know.

Oh my god during the minute it gets dark getting in my bed.

I stand up a young person's game Scott Ockermann truly is.

It's like in the in whoever's best at stand up is who's doing it the most and to do it the most but no there's a baby out there that's hilarious.

Yeah oh the young whoever yeah whoever is the youngest person to do stand up is the best at it.

That is so funny that there are no like funny babies like isn't it all funny but they're like there's none there are some that like you think there would be some babies like Andy Kindler or Brody Stevens babies where it's like it's like Cadence you know like yeah they're only saying googah but the cadence how they say it is really funny and the thing with the thing and the thing like you would think that you would have come up with that kind of.

Yeah kids are not funny at all.

No.

At all I mean they say funny things unintentionally and that leads us to you know the television shows like that one show where it gets safe funny things eventually.

Kids say things full of darned.

Yeah comments a legend girlfriend.

I can't believe if I would start a referger or is that.

Comments a legend girl.

Well legend because I don't even know if they're still together I don't want to put anything on that.

But I wish them a lot of luck and so anyway.

Have we gotten to the point where you auditioned for Les Conestini.

I didn't want to be that fan and so I went on this show my friends convinced me do it they're like you just do it and so my goal was to just audition and like have them not shit on me you know not be one of the just as I like experience.

Not be the William Hong of Les Conestini.

And then I did it and they were just like you're too young and then I was walking off say I did a joke and they were like we like you is Bob Ross and Bob.

Bob Reed and Bob Ross.

It'd be weird if Bob Ross was judging.

Ross Mark and Bob Reed.

I always say Bob Ross.

They were like the boogers for the tonight show they were the judges anyway.

So I walk off stage.

This is where I like it's this is where I'll literally end the story I'm so sorry to keep this going.

But this.

It's fascinating.

The person who didn't do it I'm I you know and have no reason to do it.

I'm fascinated with the whole process.

Okay well so we get we get to the town to that hotel it is freezing outside it's snowing there's a blizzard.

I'm like I don't even want to wait and we have to wait in line all morning it's like real cattle call auditions and didn't have a spot in line that you get from your agent which is now how they're all done.

There's you know we're waiting out and we had to like take turns waiting because it was so cold.

And for my addition I was so cold I was freezing because nervous but I was but shaking because I was also nervous but it was like I had to double shake in place because I was on stage within like a minute after being pulled off the street in the blizzard.

Wow.

So this whole thing and then I do the audition but they go oh Nikki we really like that was really good how long you been doing it and I lied and said two years when it you know I mean I start I did it for the first time two years ago but I was I took a year off.

Yeah right.

And you round up when you're young in comedy because you just want people to take you seriously and no one does.

It's so interesting because when you're a young artist having type everyone thinks that you're too young to do it and then suddenly there's a point where you're too old to do it and there's it feels like there's not that sweet spot like I never hit that sweet spot.

That's wild to anyone listening you and you feel young right now and you're like oh my gosh I'm too is Sam young and like you just feel out of you that will go away because you are going to aging happens.

It's like so I do take a moment during my stand up set to talk to women and be like I know right now you think it's not going to happen to you because this is all you know but your face will start to fall.

Like I thought it wouldn't happen and I know that's the weirdest thing to say to you to be like I because we all know we're going to age but you really do think it won't happen to you.

There's a part of you that sees it's happened everywhere.

I like it when people get married when they're 20 and they're like I want to grow old with you and they have no conception of what that means.

Oh my god all I know is that's what Adam Sandler sang to Drew Barrymore in the wedding singer on that airplane and it's the cutest song and you know though Scott I did recently see a guy that I was kind of having a crush on.

I went on his Instagram and saw a picture of him in the old age app where it really makes you look like shit.

Did you remember that happened?

Yeah I remember that yeah.

Did you notice that by the way no women did that fucking app like there was no.

I was silent on Twitter and Instagram that day because I didn't want it to remind anyone I existed so that they go oh let me throw Nikki's picture in here.

If anyone listening ever does that to me that is a hate crime I'm serious you will make my life hell that's a trolling bad thing to do you will make because that is that's showing a woman when essentially she means nothing to feel like you become invisible.

Whereas men there is some of that with aging but it's not as bad and so that's not as bad as not good either.

It would be interesting if instead of falling instead of your face and all your skin falling it fell upwards.

It's having a different effect.

Wouldn't that be interesting if people age.

That's why Tom Cruise sleeps upside down.

Does he sleep upside down?

I don't know that that's true but I think he's at least sits up.

Like I talked to Whitney Cummings about this on her podcast.

Whitney Cummings will not sleep on her face and she sleeps up.

I enjoy sleeping on her face.

I like to sleep on her face.

I don't know what that means.

I beg your pardon.

We're going to use a friend.

We got one of our dogs from her so I can say that about her.

Honestly, I would love to sleep on her face because her face is so like clean and smooth and like expressive.

Like she's one of those people that you are around.

There are certain people that are so beautiful that I just am like fascinated by their beauty and I just have to keep saying it to them.

We are in the presence of one right now.

Nikki Glaser is here on the show of Nikki Glaser podcast.

She still has not finished her story.

That's my dream.

She basically I wanted to be a model or actress that was admired for her beauty but instead I realized that was awesome.

I don't think we ever got past the point where the guy said you're too young and then you less.

Yeah, I know.

I'm on a lot of tangent Scott.

My 80D meds are kicking in and they're going the opposite way.

Oh no.

No.

So I get on stage and I do a joke and they go you're too.

I said two years.

He goes you're too young and I go okay.

I was like that was the best like you're good but you're too young.

Oh boo hoo.

I was like that was the best case scenario.

I hung up the mic and I'm walking off stage and then I heard them very clearly because there are only people in the room.

I heard one of them go I really liked her and the guy that was kind of the tougher like so I'm in Cal was like I mean I could be convinced and then I heard that and I ran back up on stage and I grabbed the mic and I was like do you want to hear one more?

I don't know why I'm miming a mic.

Do you guys have a mic in my hand?

And it honestly doesn't look like a mic.

No it looks like I'm jerking off the toddler and I'm sorry to say that but it's like a very small fist.

So anyway that was an awful imagery and I really do apologize to any trigger warning.

It's me and analogy you didn't actually do it.

No I didn't.

This isn't a ghost angel baby.

I don't know why is that the angel made it better.

If it's a ghost it's okay.

Okay if it's a ghost.

So anyway I said do you want to hear another joke?

So I do another joke and then they go all right Nikki we'll see you tonight.

And then I was like I got advanced to the next level.

So then I go to the night show and I'm against Jimmy part of that night.

It was like a legend in my mind even in then and this was 2006.

This is before you even knew him really.

No it yeah I didn't know him but I knew of him.

It was people in the show that I was just like what am I doing but I did my best and I was young.

I had a good story.

I had the moment they throw me in the morning.

They're looking for a diverse mix of people on the show.

So it's like why not put a young person who hasn't really done it a lot.

I'm deaf fanning hard you know like they're like she we want her because she's young and cute and but I was funny there's no doubt about it.

But what do you have what do you have really you have like a bulletproof 10 minutes at this point or what.

I mean yeah but it's all like me trying to be Sarah Silverman so it's rape abortion.

Right.

Period.

Period rape abortion.

Like jerking off ghost toddler material like and it's in from Kansas City.

This is where I got started.

Kansas City is notoriously just filthy and dug like Doug Stanhope either all trying to be Doug Stanhope but like also filthy.

So it was like I didn't I went with that.

But didn't you didn't where did you end up placing on the show weren't you like like.

Well I went to the top 40 like I went to the I went to LA and then from there on I did not progress but yeah exactly I went to the top I got to the top 40.

And I hit it on the ground and jerk off the ghost baby.

Well I mean it's.

You're on the ground I like how you have to like stay planted to go to the ghost baby.

You need the leverage.

Yeah.

Well it's an incredible story but I also I wanted to get in before we go to a break.

Oh my God.

Your flirtation with reality television did not end there because recently I believe only two years ago you were on a little show called Dancing With The Stars where you were first.

Thank you.

You were first.

I know.

To get kicked off.

Foted off.

I don't.

I know and that's why that is the only silver or the silver lighting of that show getting kicked off first that that joke right there is the only one because I've I've that's in my act where I go and I got first voted off.

You know I do like the Kevin Nealon when he leave me throw in but that's that's because I was like couldn't I have just been second and I realized you know what that it's not as funny second voted off still is funny.

You did not first of all you first of all it's and I told you this at the time.

Thank you for bringing this up by the way.

It is an incredible achievement to do something that weird when you're a comedian.

Thank you.

It's so you know especially for a young comedian is what I mean because you know when you're when you're a comedian like you know who's done movies or you know starred in movies and stuff and who's that.

Who's a household name.

Yeah it's not as interesting but for someone like you who is you know still a young comedian who's out there doing you know interesting things and still on the rise.

It's such a just a bizarre left turn for you to do and the minute I saw you're doing that I was like much respect to Nikki I don't think that I could ever even do that.

It's just the courage it took to do that and then to get voted off and to have to to first and to have to you know face that I was just like what an amazing story.

Thank you so like I can't tell you what you reached out to me and said the exact same thing to me I don't know at what point you did but you said something to that effect and it made me feel so seen because you because I did do it because of that because I want to challenge myself to do weird stuff and to take chances and to like do stuff that like scares me because that's what got me in a stand up.

I had terrible stage fright in seventh grade sixth grade my parents were going to have to take me to see a specialist because I couldn't talk in front of the class because I shook so badly.

I used to have insomnia for like three for a week before class presentation like I really struggled and I overcame that by making myself audition for a play like forcing myself to do these things.

So when dancing with the stars came up I and by the way you just nailed it because when it came up I was mad because I was like I have to do this now because I was like you can't turn down dancing with the stars it's too weird it's too funny.

Yeah it's just too bizarre that you would get a chance to do that it's so interesting.

When they ask me I just go no I literally go no and they go Nikki it's dancing with the stars and I go no no I don't dance Scott I was ashamed about dancing when I was like around fifth grade my sister learned to dance at school she was in third grade she came home maybe seventh grade my sister was sixth grade yes because I remember the kitchen.
