---
layout: page
title: 709. Jon Gabrus, Shaun Diston, Will Hines, Mike Hanford [247796f0-f54d-4c97-8967-ad3f017348c4].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Judge Reinhold was in Gremlins and vice versa.

What?

What the hell does that mean?

Thank you so much to Turtle Shark for that catchphrase submission.

Turtle Shark and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Oh boy, June 1st, Monday of June.

Dad's grads.

Have a field day, guys.

This is it for the next four weeks.

You are Cock of the Walk.

Get out there, do whatever you do, and we can say nothing about it.

But come July.

What the fuck up?

But speaking of shutting the fuck up, our guests today will not be doing that.

A little bit later, we have a movie producer.

That's exciting.

We also have a salesperson.

No, that's kind of like a movie producer.

It does the job of a salesperson when it comes to movies.

And then we have a film reviewer.

Oh, okay.

Someone who has probably reviewed some of the films that the movie producer has made.

So that's exciting.

So, by the way, my name is Scott Ocarman and we're very excited to be back.

We're here in the studio and transitioning back in.

Sound speed, sound speed.

What?

Sorry, I haven't cleared my throat in about four months.

Four months.

Yeah, I was letting it, I'm trying to save diaphragm energy so I was just letting it all pile up.

And I just asked four months.

I have full owl pellet just came out of my mouth.

There was feathers, some rat bones.

Oh my God, that's...

Holy shit.

Hey, fucking eggs, Scott.

That is very...

Hey, what's going on, Gino?

My intern.

I'm back, baby.

We're all back, baby.

We're in the studio.

I'm out of the cult.

Everything is going to be fucking groovy.

Like Bruce Campbell always says.

You were in a cult.

That's right.

We talked about it or we didn't talk about it.

I'm not positive to be honest.

I don't know.

Wait, is that unrelated?

Because you came and saw me and saw me.

You're not positive.

No, I'm positive.

You should not be in the studio here.

I got all...

No, not that.

Oh, I don't have to run.

Yeah, as long as we don't have sex in open wounds or anything like that.

Okay, yeah, that's not that kind of show.

It's not something that I'm about to do.

That's off the menu.

Yeah, medium.

Off the table.

Okay, that's fair.

You can go on the table.

Okay, great.

Gino, it's so good to see you in person.

Holy shit, I feel fucking gained one pound.

Yes, I'm up to 122 pounds.

Whoa!

It was real...

I've been doing the...

you know, Stallone for Copland.

That diet?

Yeah, that modern reference.

I go by his diet of microwaving.

Good evening, Garafolo film.

Yes, please, of course.

The 90s, when she could do anything until 9-11.

How thrilling it was to see a friend in a Stallone film...

until...

after credits.

That's it?

Um, I...

you know, I put on a little bit of weight.

I'm trying to bounce back.

It's a weird place to put it, by the way.

I've been through a ton...

Yeah, I know, right?

I would have thought you drink microwaved ice cream.

All of a tailbone.

It goes all in your tailbone.

Well, I think what you're seeing is my tail.

Oh, wait, you have a tail?

Is that like an appendage that you attached?

No, no, no, no.

It was an appendage I removed, but I couldn't get the nub off.

Oh...

So I've got a little Boston there.

Yeah, I got a one-pound nub.

Yeah.

And I got a one-pound nub in the back, and party in the front, if you know what I mean.

Another one-pound nub.

Or a one-inch nub.

Oh, okay.

But also one-pound.

Oh, interesting.

So it's like a fucking tunic can.

Yeah.

I'm hung like a tunic can.

All-girth, super flat.

It goes bad after me.

It's like eleven silver dollars stacked up.

Silver dollars.

Fucking silver, not the pancakes.

I'm talking currency, baby.

You're talking with the rest of the wrapper.

Ooh.

Have we talked a lot about Ariola-sized preferences like this?

I don't believe we have.

I don't believe I'd like to.

Okay.

Well, I have opinions, so I'll start.

I like big ones, small ones.

Can you lie about this or no?

What?

Can you lie about this or no?

I wish I could lie about this.

I'm too fucking...

But you like big ones and you can't lie about that.

I like big Ariolas and I cannot lie.

I like little Ariolas and I cannot lie.

I like medium-sized Ariolas and I can lie.

You can lie about that.

No, I'm not lying about that, but I can lie down.

I'm lying down.

And think of fucking dinner plate nips.

Oh, Jesus Christ.

Ooh, yeah.

With nipples you can dial a rotary phone with.

Remember rotary phones?

I think anything bigger than a salad plate is probably too big.

Well, because I'm thinking if the dinner plate is...

The Ariolas is dinner plate-sized.

How big is that, Titty?

Okay.

That would be potentially fucking huge.

Look, I apologize.

Imagine us.

Oh my God, holy shit.

You know what?

Get a little bit of wood.

Just down, shut down the studio.

I don't want to be back here anymore.

I got to pour some waters in my lap.

I'm getting fucking torqued up.

Gino, enough about your peanut Ariolas.

Please, sorry.

Let me just check the Luffs.

The Luffs look good.

We're ready to roll whenever you are.

We haven't been rolling because we...

I think that's okay.

That's fine.

You want to get turtle frogs fucking quote in again?

Whatever it is.

Turtle frog.

2021, we only got half of it left.

But it's only half of it.

We're in the frozen June.

We're in the Ides of fucking June.

That's right.

We had to make something of our lives.

Oh, fucking too late for me.

Dude, 2020 is in the rear view.

We did nothing.

We achieved nothing.

But now we got to do something for you.

I did a shit time which you can hear about this summer on season three at G-E-L-A-R-L.

Promo G-Dots one month free.

But I understand where you're coming from like a loser who doesn't have stuff going on.

And then the world shuts down.

You're like, how am I supposed to talk to three quote unquote friends every week?

Twice a week?

Work for...

Okay, no, I'm not saying...

I'm an employee.

I'm a 1099.

As you always say to me, I say, you're my boss.

You go, you're 1099.

I've been paying you?

No.

Okay.

But I have to sign up for 1099 so that I can tax.

You can take taxes out of my college-prend...

Out of your non-existent...

Yeah, okay, good.

Yeah, I tax the college.

You technically have nine credits to NASA community college that you could do with whatever you want.

Really?

You could take a human sexuality class?

Well, no, those are 10 credits.

Oh, shit.

Of course.

One for a inch.

Yeah, you get five inches twice.

That's what I tell my...

That's what I tell my partners.

I'm like, you want nine inches?

Too bad.

But I can give you three inches, three times.

Okay, there you go.

I come on the second pump, so really it's only six inches.

Oh, but I get this one.

I get this one half-chalked up fucking nub-pump at the end.

Oh my god, Gino.

You know the Ewok song, Nub Pump?

Yeah, of course I know.

Oh no.

It's about trying to fit a little tiny Ewok into a human stormtrooper pussy.

Oh, where they have?

Okay.

Some of them got it, right?

Is it?

They're in the armor?

The pussy's in the honor, I hope so.

Better not be on the outside.

They robot.

Are they robots under...

Are they still like little Boba Feds in there?

I think they're all Jango Feds and some Jango Feds.

Oh, okay, got it.

Yeah.

Gino, it's obviously June.

Summer is here.

Yeah.

Pool weather.

Love the fucking pool.

You're not wearing a shirt, you're stripped to the waist.

I gotta be these days, because the size extra smalls, they're just too baggy.

They're too loose.

And they blow in the wind, and I get a little fucking sales situation.

You're like one of those gas station blow-up dolls.

Oh yeah, one of the ones you take into the bathroom and fuck every hollum?

No.

Oh, oh, like the wild, the hard guys.

Okay, okay, because I have a gas station blow-up doll that I keep in my car.

Really?

So it's just someone that works at a gas station you got like a listen to.

Is it a gas station or something?

I got a sex doll that I put a gas station worker's uniform on.

Use it to drive in the HOV lane, hoav, and then I'll also use it to sit in the car while I go into the bathroom at the gas station.

But I leave the gas station employee in the car to keep everyone guessing.

Really ran out of steam on that one.

I mean, as he has started so strong.

Hey, that's like fun live comedy levels just were like.

Oh, sorry, it must be my back hurting from carrying the fucking show.

Do you have another question?

And then bitch about my answer.

Well, welcome back to the fucking studio.

Welcome back to comedy day.

It is that kind of show, bitches.

I thought a pound and it was a pound of extreme confidence.

It truly is.

You are alphaing me.

This is incredible.

Oh, yeah, it's such a weird turn of events for our dynamic.

It truly is.

For someone like you to get out alpha, that's crazy.

It's insane.

How could that ever happen?

It's like Bear Grylls getting lost.

Did you take some sort of a confidence class or something like?

Yeah, I took a confidence class, but that was a con artistry class.

Yeah, confidence.

Yeah, it was a confidence game thing.

Then I took a con class, which I thought was confidence, but it was a con.

It was econ.

It was economy.

Then I did a constitution one, which got me more health points.

Oh, really?

So I'm dying to get around to fucking learning, but over the course of all those events, I realized I was capable of all different things.

And then all of a sudden, I got confidence.

Oh, amazing.

So like, how close are you to graduating?

Because it is June.

It's dad's and dad's season.

I got it.

Is it happening this year?

Are all your credits finally going to amount to this?

It's more likely that I'm a dad this season than a grad.

Because I've been raw dog and left and right.

And I know like, at school?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, at school, wherever they want, wherever the app says to meet them, wherever my handler tells me to go, I just fucking just show up there and do my thing.

Wherever big Mike says to head, I have big Mike's handling you now.

Big Mike has been handling me since I was a child.

Oh, no.

Is he one of your uncles?

I can't remember.

He is my smallest uncle.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Look, you have small uncles.

Yeah, I know.

Big Mike is the smallest.

Little Mike is a fucking freak at five nine as a child.

Yeah, it's confusing for everybody.

It really is.

But I mean, it's what size they were when they were born, right?

And you know, some sprouted up around puberty and you just didn't expect.

You're really losing steam here, Scott.

Sorry.

Yeah, I was fucking.

Welcome back.

Oh, man.

Oh, I say have you anyway.

It's been great here.

The dog food in the lobby is delicious.

I don't know if that's for guests.

But I haven't been in person at all.

That was for tugboat, the earwolf dog.

The wrestler?

Who has not been here in 14 months.

That's been laying out there the entire time.

Is he going to be pissed when he's or she?

Is are they going to be pissed when they show up?

I can't gender this dog.

I'm just more worried about you.

Oh, I'm fine.

It's been sitting at it.

It's like raw meat that's been sitting out for the last.

Oh, well, I had the texture of dried dog food.

So maybe I...

No, no, that was fresh when it was.

Oh, fuck.

Okay.

Well, I can't tell because like I have permanent diarrhea.

Like that's still their movie.

Wait.

He plays like the guy who's addicted to heroin and keeps shooting his pants, permanent diarrhea.

He's like a TV writer or something.

He's on health.

That's terrible.

So every single time you go to the restroom, you have diarrhea.

This is bad.

I haven't dried my ass without a hairdryer in a fucking decade.

Just a hairdryer or you.

I use one big wipe, but then mostly I'm just power blasting it off with...

And luckily a lot of these bathrooms have those hand dryers now.

So I can turn...

You just have to do a handstand.

Yeah.

I can do a handstand or if there's like something on the ceiling that I can get on and I can spite a man myself in the corner.

The lion or Richie?

Yeah, the lion or Richie.

Yeah, exactly.

Of course.

But yeah, so diarrhea full time, rooster tail every time I sit on the toilet.

Oh, I know I'm on the toilet.

Diarrhea ice.

Watching you.

That's what happens if I don't shit.

I get a little diarrhea.

You can see like join this in the back of my eyes.

Oh my gosh.

Is this kind of show?

I think it's just not fucking...

I'm not finally landed.

It's not fucking...

What kind of show is diarrhea?

Yeah.

Perfect.

Because I don't have anything else to talk about.

That's my sweet spot.

I'm tapped for topics.

Unless you want to talk about January 6th, your vacation to each coast.

Oh, you know, I was...

You know, don't look at my records.

How about that?

The Mr. Show reunion in Washington, DC.

With a little awry.

Well, Gino, it's great to have you back.

Make sure that everyone has waters.

We want to lubricate everybody.

I've lubricated everybody, but I'll get the waters.

Okay, great.

Fantastic.

Well, we have to get to our first guest.

And Gino, are you sticking around?

I can not...

I'm going to stick around, but I'm going to be quiet because I'm going to let other guests shine because I'm just an intern.

Okay, good to me.

I'll hold you to that.

But we have to get to our first guest.

And he's someone who I've held dear to my own heart.

We were roommates for a while.

And during the pandemic.

And...

We watched a lot of movies together.

But it started to cry.

The entire Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles over together.

And we had a falling out and I moved out and got my own place.

Yeah, I won't go too much.

But you can still cry.

But welcome back to the show.

He is a producer over there at Whisper Studios.

Please welcome back Sprague to Whisper.

We're coming by ride back to the earwooled studios.

Hey, it's going back.

I don't know what that was a parody of.

I was sick.

I think wild wild west or something.

But truly I pulled the trigger on it very late school.

Yeah, well, only you seemed to have forgotten it after three words.

What you were doing.

I'm like, I'm going straight!

Uncertainty in your eyes.

It was terrifying.

Yes, a lot easier on Zoom.

I could have notes in front of me.

I could have the backing track, the count in.

Two, one.

There you go.

I have to share your screen though.

So it would have been all the same.

You know, I fucked that up a few types of schools.

Of course.

Oh, history.

Oh, I fucked up so many shit.

Screens.

Welcome back.

Do you know Gino?

I don't know whether you've ever been on the show.

I think we may have met on a show where there was maybe 40 with a deal that we've crossed a couple of times in real cluster fucked types.

We really have.

And I do want to do.

I think you guys would be friends.

Listen, Gino, in a minute, I'm going to have a proposal for you.

Whoa!

Is it going to be indecent?

We'll see.

It might be.

I hope it's Ryan Reynolds, Sandra Bullock vehicle.

We'll have to figure it out.

Scott, can I do something I'm pissed about?

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

Is this a segment?

Okay, great.

Yeah.

Spriggy's pissed, baby.

Do we have to think some for the?

Roll the theme.

Yeah.

Spriggy's pissed, baby.

Well, well, well.

I used to live downtown.

What's good about being good, Stood, is you could sing and you're not hearing a delay.

Yeah.

No, it's really.

That was really good.

That was incredible.

Well, Spriggy's pissed.

You know, Scott, me and Scott were working on the DJ Turtles reboot of Gris.

Yeah, which turned out to not be a reboot.

It was actually we didn't have the rights to it.

We didn't have the rights, but we were doing something called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which I think we could have got away with on the posters.

I said, let's make them turtles.

Let's just make them, you know, 20, 25.

I wanted misspelled turtles.

That's the way to get the new book.

Okay.

All right.

So we were in pre-production.

We were working on our stunt coordination.

Pre-pro.

We were in pre-pro, of course.

And Scott, I found something out that blew up the entire project.

What happened here?

We'll tell everyone.

I know what happened, of course.

I'll tell everyone.

You guys know that it is illegal in the state of California to have nunchucks.

I did not know that.

I did not.

But you know, they just legalized it in New York.

Did they legal?

So we could shoot this in New York.

Turtles in the city.

Wait, who we can put the Ninja Turtles in New York city?

I like it.

That's a good idea.

This is an idea.

Oh, they get pizza.

You guys are on fucking fire.

This is good, man.

Oh, we're going to have to figure it out.

Oh, wait a minute.

It's good.

I like where you're at.

Maybe Mr. Big could show up.

He shows up and he's just like getting the, get to the limo.

This is the end of the show.

We don't know if he's Mr. Big or if he's the dude from Law and Order.

This is cool.

I think this is a great idea.

But so for right now, the California production has been shut down.

So I'm going to get the cast.

Yeah, well, I mean the surfing scene.

Oh, yeah.

It's not really, it seems more of like a set piece.

It was a big set piece.

You know, it was like a bit giant 25-plus set piece.

Giant, which is going to cost us $3 million just for this.

Yeah, it was a crossover with Sharknado as well.

It was a lot.

I'm going to get it.

The fact that we had Michelangelo sort of doing his Nunchuck thing on the surfboard, we have to cut the whole scene.

Well, we also learned there is no eye in Ainsiring.

There's just an Anziering.

I made, maybe you learned that.

I don't know if that was something I learned.

But here's the thing, Scott.

So here's the thing.

Okay.

Wait, is this a segment?

Here's the thing.

Here's the thing with Frankie, baby.

He's the thing.

Baby was Frankie, baby.

Wow, wow, wow.

I used to live downtown.

Now.

Now I, of course, because my turtle project is down the train, I've been.

No pun intended.

We made a lot of those jokes.

That's why we had to really climb down on them because they were laughing too hard.

Neil pun intended on that.

We would laugh for like 15 minutes and then we would go like, what were we even talking about?

I'll declare this pun accidentally said.

Thank you.

Now, I have been watching Scott.

I've been watching a lot of survival.

Reset.

You said my name.

Good.

Scott.

That kid character.

Good.

I've been watching a lot of survival.

Really old survivor episodes.

I've been watching a lot of survivor Scott and you know, you know, you know, you know, you.

Not the band survivor.

No, no, no.

Not the, uh, eye of the tiger.

Survivor.

And that is what brings me to my proposal for Gino.

This is unprecedented.

This is exciting.

Why am I going to get naked?

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Roll around and some money on a bed.

We can talk about that later.

That can be the indecent side of the proposal.

All right.

So I want to propose an alliance between our two characters.

Oh, he didn't have any characters.

No, I know what you mean.

Are you into character?

Oh, yes.

The way you are as a person.

If I think if Sprague and Gino form an unlikely alliance here, we might be able to win the best ofs this year.

Oh, this is a, I like that.

I did.

Because usually it's every person for themselves.

It's all of us.

But if it is what we do, we just do other episodes and just totally throw them.

Like we get there.

We sort of want it.

You got it.

I already started this plan.

I enacted it big time.

Any other episode you're on, you just throw the episode.

You make it a little weird.

You maybe say something that throws someone else's character off you do.

And then that way when the voting comes up, it's me and Gino strong in the end.

You know what I mean?

We can just make a big campaign for this episode.

No, we got to do that as well.

Oh, okay.

So the ones you're on together, you do really well on.

But then when you appear on other people's episodes separately and you tank.

Listen, what's the stop you from making this same deal with some of these other fucking people?

No, so listen to me, Gino, Gino, right now.

Gino, listen, we got the numbers.

Okay, right now I've got Rudy North.

Whoa.

I've got Mike Ruby, the no-stay.

Oh, yeah, the no-stay bummer.

Have you got that fucking.

The two goats, we're going to take them to the finals.

Me and you, Gino.

But then it'll just be the two of you and the end.

It'll just be the...

It's just an on your patreon.

Is it sprig?

No, okay.

They're not your game.

I can maybe get a slice here.

All right.

I don't know how.

If we could make this a thing that it feels like my patreon.

Oh, yeah, wouldn't that be convenient?

That's like it's really good.

But I'm telling you, Gino, look, Gino, historically, your episodes don't get as many votes as they should because you split the vote.

You're in so many episodes.

Yes, you're in so many great episodes that people don't know what to vote for.

Plus, everything you say kind of runs together.

Right, right, right.

Yeah, and a huge part of it is that I don't give a shit.

You're not going to be on podcasts, listeners, who are arguably worse than TV actions.

That's the thing, Gino.

That's the best thing.

No one will ever suspect it.

Yeah.

So if you're a dark horse, being you making a alliance right now, okay?

No, exactly.

Me and you making a line.

We just get those two, Sonny, Son and Burger guys out of the fucking.

Yeah, you got to get them out first because they're the biggest threat right now.

Okay.

What do you think?

Can I trust you, Gino?

Art is the voting open?

No, no, the one we open till November.

No, no, no.

If we can get through the late the groundwork, so this is not just a five month heads up.

Yes.

But what we've got to do today is we've got to vote.

What are these characters out of the episode at the end of the episode?

Oh, at the end of this episode, we're voting on someone else.

At plugs, me and you, Gino, we just got to hold strong.

Any of these other guys come in, these nukes.

So this is the survivor part.

This is the end of your fucking spiel.

I get it.

So at the end of this episode, Gino, as long as we vote, it's got your obviously plague all the sides.

Well, I'm probes.

Your probes in this situation, of course.

As long as we stay strong, Greg, we're great.

Greg, you're Greg, of course.

He does.

You know, but this is a good idea, right?

You know?

This is a fucking wonderful idea.

Sprague, it was.

I'm super fucking pumped.

The best ideas are the ones where you have to say, this is a good idea, isn't it?

It's a really pumped advice.

I'm not sure which one of the six parts is my favorite part of the idea, but they all click on that pretty smoothly.

Hey, Scott, can we go get some water for a second?

Yeah, over here.

Yeah, let me talk to you.

All right.

You can hold down the forward, right?

I usually get the water.

Scott.

Yes.

I want to blindside Gino.

Yeah.

Yeah, because he's strong.

He's too strong.

And we'll never beat him in the end.

Did you hear that fun zinger about your name Sprague or whatever, like?

Yeah, he's too good.

He's too funny.

He's so good and you're not, you're not never going to be that funny.

You're not doing that well on this episode in particular.

I feel like, hey, I don't know what you guys are saying over there, but I agree whole heart of it.

Cool, Gino.

Good to hear from you.

Good shit.

So I think, okay, so what do we do?

What do we do?

Strong.

At the end.

So I'm going to make an alliance with all these new characters at the end.

Okay.

We vote at Gino and he'll never see a comment.

Okay.

All right, so this episode, oh, so what should we talk about?

What should we talk about?

Oh, I was recently adopted by Sandra Bullock and I'm going to play offensive line for a high school football team.

Okay, that's very cool.

That's an incredible story.

That's a great story.

Yeah, sure.

Okay.

Oh, hey, Sprague, I got to help him get the waters.

Oh, yeah, he does get water.

We're going to take a swim probably in this water.

All right.

I'll just keep hosting the show.

So anyways, go on.

Gino.

You're going to be blindsided.

What?

You're going to be blindsided at the end of the show.

I was already blindsided when Sandra Bullock had come to me and forced me to play high school football.

What was so ironic about it?

Oh my God.

I can't get blindsided again.

No, I'm out of sides after this.

We got to get everyone else on this show together so that we can vote on Sprague at the end.

Okay.

Yeah, that's I now that I understand that the premise of comedy bang bang is that it's a survivor kind of thing.

No, you understand it's a one to one.

Yeah, I totally understand it now.

I got it this millions episode.

Some people like all of them and some people are like, yeah, I think my friend watching that.

Yeah, every detail refers back to survivor.

Yes, you got it.

I figured it out completely.

Well, I'm happy to be part of the lizard clan or whatever and let's do it.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Thanks, Brian.

It's been.

Oh, sorry.

Okay.

Yeah.

I was just doing comedy bang bang on my own.

You were doing all of it.

You were reading the dry erase book.

I was reading a lot of the bits.

It's been one week.

Okay.

I just did.

Got it.

Well, so this is fun.

So this is good stuff.

I'm going to trust you guys.

Oh, of course you can trust.

Can I talk to you for a minute?

Oh my God.

Who's this?

I don't mean to interrupt.

Oh, you did it.

It's Yokos Husband.

It's Jordan Lennon.

No, this is not about me.

I left behind a DVD before the pandemic.

Oh, wait, which one?

The blind side DVD.

Oh, I've had the worst pandemic.

I haven't been able to watch my favorite movie.

I actually have.

It's not a DVD.

It's a Blu-ray.

It's not yours.

I'm assuming, but it's the steel book of blind side if you want that.

It's a Blu-ray.

I'm looking for a DVD.

You don't have a Blu-ray player?

I do not.

No, you know, a rig.

Seems like you would need to get into all this.

I'm letting a guy could get a Blu-ray player.

I'm sure I could, but I like the quality of a DVD.

Okay.

Well, you know, do you have an HGTV?

Is that an HD?

Not HGTV.

Okay.

Now, yes, I do.

Okay.

You do have an HGTV?

I do have an HGTV.

Okay.

It's just got a lot of third time.

I know what this means.

Okay.

It's a TV.

It's a digital TV.

It's a TV with plants on it.

Okay.

Yeah.

And so you don't have my DVD.

I don't have it.

I'm sorry, but come here for a second.

Come here.

Hold on.

Let me crawl on the TV.

Don't crawl on the TV.

No, I didn't mean to be this little weird dog tunnel thing.

Why have you got to put it down and crawl through it?

Are you doing agility classes after this?

It's, you know, I'm getting on an age and it's keeping you.

It's bright.

Come here for a second.

Oh, spray.

Yeah, yeah.

Different guy.

Come here for a second.

Come here.

Hey, we need to vote out these two assholes.

They were all the same.

Yes.

From what I overheard it was at the end of the episode.

They're too powerful.

We can't wait till the end of the episode.

And you overheard this?

I thought we were being so quiet.

No, I was behind that big steel door.

I think you got ripped off.

Oh, no.

In fact, some of the other studios here.

Oh, shit.

This is just aluminum foil.

What are they doing?

Some of the other studios are complaining that you're bleeding into that.

Oh, no.

Are you in?

Do we have an alliance?

I'm in, but I'm not going to be here for long.

I need to take my DVD and a lunch I left before the pandemic.

Okay, but you can come back at the end of the show.

Was it in a ball or by the door?

Yes.

It's gone.

Oh, Roman.

That damn four-legged intern.

No, the three-legged intern, me.

Just kidding.

I only have two.

His nub.

My little nub.

If I lay down, we don't have to get into it.

That's not.

I'm going to sneak out of here and go away.

All right, Tom.

We'll see you at the end of the show.

She wants you.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Come on.

Don't get me started with that.

You are all asleep.

You've all fallen asleep.

You've entered the realm of the dream lord.

Oh my gosh.

Well, all of you.

John Lennon.

Hello.

Thin man with the big shirt.

Dr. Jean Alumbardo, you can call him.

That could be John Lennon as well.

You really should specify.

Movie producer and host.

I won't be long.

I'm just starting to have you guys fall asleep.

I just...

What made us fall asleep, by the way?

I made you fall asleep.

Oh, okay.

It wasn't John Lennon's story or anything like that.

No, no, no.

Hey, dream lord.

Can I talk to you about something over here?

Oh, okay.

Yes.

You're the master of this dream.

I'm going to go play with these flying caterpillars.

Yeah.

Well, I'm going to titty-fucking Katy Perry again.

Hey, dream lord.

Dream lord.

Hey, you're a good guy.

You know, I can tell you guys to trust you.

You know, there's something about you that's very trust real.

Oh, I appreciate that.

Thank you.

You know, you're sort of a lord and I'm also a sprig.

Yeah, sprig, right?

Yeah, right.

Those are sort of similar.

Listen.

You know, we're going to be a dude.

We're going to split the boat and we're going to blindside Lennon.

We've got to get this guy out of here.

He's too good.

He's too fun-loving.

You know, without any context, I'm going to say I understand and I'm in.

Okay.

I will let you guys wake up there.

We'll see you later.

Wow.

That was incredible.

Oh, my gosh.

Wow.

I feel so rested.

John, someone's here wants you to sign their copy of Catcher and the Lion on your way out.

Oh, I've been through this before.

Ha ha, Gino.

Very good.

Yes, yes.

I was shot in the body by someone who wanted me to do that very same.

Your body, by the way.

My body, right in it.

Yeah, I just feel like that's a rude thing to say, Gino.

You know, I would, that's the type of visit I would trust.

You know, maybe you're thinking rude, Gino, did you, did you put on weight?

Yeah, I gained a pound.

You look big.

Thank you.

You look bigger.

Yeah, I feel fucking amazing.

You look a little bit bigger.

Yeah, it's the little tail.

It's given me ton of confidence.

I have a nub in the front and the back now.

I can roll over safely.

We covered this job.

You're resting my mind.

John, you can't come late and just weave rehash conversing.

You know what?

Break can I talk to you?

I'm like, it's a light.

We don't do it.

We can't even let it out.

We go to vote out.

He's too strong.

He loves to read.

He loves to rehash.

That just takes up so much time in the episode.

By the end, you're like, it's a joy.

It's a joy.

I never forget it.

No, no, we all need to shine on this episode.

All right, so cook your word.

All right, I'll say all shine.

That gives me a good idea for a song to listen to later.

Okay, you're all asleep.

You're all asleep real quick.

It's a sorry.

It's me, Morpheus, the dream Lord, I'm sorry.

Hey, Morpheus, hey, people are dreaming about this episode that you are recording now.

And from what I'm gathering from people's dreams, you're recapping a lot.

Yeah.

Yeah, just a note.

I know it's not polite to you.

So this is the most specific dream anyone has ever had.

I mean, usually you don't understand any of these details.

Usually I'm dreaming about very common movies from your perspective.

So there's a lot of recap in this one.

These are extremely literal dream transcripts of the current podcast.

But not enough recap for new listeners in the last three months who have no idea why John Lennon is here.

I feel like you're probably leaving a lot of people out, but for who spray is, do you know self-explanatory?

Obviously Dr. Geno Lombado reporting for you.

You're all awake.

Oh, okay.

Oh, wow.

So anyway, I was saying you do look like you're sitting a little higher.

Oh my God, we're asleep again.

Oh, no, no, no, I'm just bored.

Okay.

We were falling asleep.

Oh, well, let me think back to normal.

You know, we could just do a normal episode of doing a normal episode.

We have so much show to go.

You know, no shifting my eyes left and right.

No, no, if you want to plug Reno 911 on Quibby, you can go for it.

If you want to, you know, you can go.

Oh, John, I know you need to go.

You're mistaking me.

I got to get out of here.

You're mistaking with somebody.

I'm not going to tell you who you're mistaking with.

Fuck, it must be Paul McCartney.

I'm out of here.

Oh, he can fly now.

I can fly and I was telling you where I'm going.

Oh, here's a mother to the zoo.

Oh my God.

Look, we're keeping this agility tunnel.

Okay.

Yeah, that's going to be fun.

Why are we zab on?

Oh my God.

He's got to get all the extra ky warming liquid.

I have.

Well, look, we have to take a break.

We certainly shouldn't be paranoid during the rest of the show.

Dude, dude, we could just be comfortable.

We're all for fun.

There's like just interesting people.

You know, we just have to go.

Of course, we have so many more interesting people to get to.

We have a sales person.

We have a film reviewer.

Oh my God, we're back in the studio.

Oh, from the dream Lord to a sales person.

Holy shit.

I'm really running the gamut.

Speaking of the agility, but we have to go to a break.

And when we come back, we're going to have more spray, more Gino, more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

Sprague the whisper and Gino Lombardo.

And what was going on during the break?

What are you guys talking about?

Cut where?

I was just stopped to add roll.

Hot dance episode.

Now I'm just making notes for myself.

Yeah, for post process.

Okay.

No, we were just in the corner.

We were just sort of digging through the ground.

We weren't looking for that's us in the corner.

We were looking for anything in infested Taylor.

You saved my ass because I had never seen survivor.

I went along with it hard for a while.

But then you showed me four full episodes.

It's quite a break.

You were trying to hook.

Now you're hooked.

I can't.

That's what happened to me.

I go to the Netflix season.

You know, you said to hook's you.

So we weren't looking for the immunity idol.

We're season re-watching.

Season one, we're like, what's in the hatch?

We started with Kageyan.

Richard.

What's in here?

Well, we know.

He shows us all.

He shows us what's in the hatch.

He did a porno, right?

Ooh.

You know, what's in the hatch?

No, you know, we're just having fun.

You know, I can't wait to talk to these new people.

Like, it's going to be so fun.

Yeah, so you guys were cool.

You were totally cool.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Everything is cool.

Copacetic.

Very smooth.

Okay.

You're acting weird, you know.

Nope.

Nothing's...

You're not acting weird?

I'm not acting weird.

I'm not acting at all.

You're not acting.

This is raw.

This is just...

Okay.

This is Gina Lombardo Raw.

I think I'm calling my comedy specialist.

That's sort of bad idea, Gina.

Maybe you should call it triggered.

I don't know.

This seems a little more current.

I don't know.

I hadn't even thought of that because I could really activate my Patreon.

Yeah.

All right, well, we do need to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned salesperson.

We're going to find out what he sells.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Andy Manders.

Hey, Scott, thanks so much for having me.

Thanks so much.

So great to meet you.

Andy Manders.

This is...

Oh, you wanted to say, Chair sales doesn't matter.

I introduced you to...

It's okay.

Your chair...

So you sell chairs.

I sell to Gina Lombardo.

She knows.

So you sell chairs.

I think this is...

Before anyone...

Before anyone could disrupt it or...

I don't know why I would worry about that.

I've never met any of you before.

Just I just traditionally, when I'm meeting with people, I try to get my thing out pretty fast.

It's just my time.

We would remember you.

In 2021, it's smart.

Just people's conversations are really accelerating, I find.

In society.

If you don't get your thing out fast, take it's taken away from you.

So I just...

Of course.

Where's your room up?

I'll...

Open.

Oh, please, Miss.

Please, Miss.

Ohio.

I'm here in Ohio, right outside of Cleveland.

Oh, right outside.

Really?

Yeah.

Parmesan.

Why not just in Cleveland?

Well, it's funny, when you're born, you don't pick.

So I guess I should.

Holy shit.

That's a good T-shirt.

I feel like that's a good T-shirt.

When you're born, you don't pick.

Yeah, and then it's a baby picking their nose.

Yes, this is good.

You're like Lady Gaga.

You were born that way in Northern Ohio.

Yeah, just outside of Cleveland.

I was born that way in an uninteresting town.

Here we go to that baseball museum.

Yes, I have.

The one in New York.

The one in Cooperstown, New York.

Yeah.

Why?

Yes, why did I go there?

I was looking at this court like he's out of his mind.

It's a fair question.

I went somewhere and defended.

I am a fan of baseball unrelated to anything we brought up.

Like how big of a fan?

Like a medium plus or medium plus.

Medium plus.

What's up with the chairs?

Yeah, we actually wanted to know about the chairs this day.

Enough with this baseball bullshit.

Tell us about your chairs, bro.

You're going to must have had a lot to say about the chairs.

It feels compelled to finish the sentence on baseball.

Yeah, yeah.

I'm like, go to see it.

You ever catch one of the home runs or anything like that?

Yes, I have.

I caught one of those home runs, but at a minor league game.

Oh.

So it's soft.

Oh, it was a softer ball.

It was a softer ball.

Drug week three.

Yeah.

Single A.

Yeah, probably drug free.

That's probably what it was.

So non-sterile.

Still, that's got to feel good though.

I mean, catching the ball.

Yeah, man.

I was in the bleachers by myself.

The home run gets hit.

I yourself know no other fans in the fans.

I went just to get my mind off things.

I sat there in the bleachers.

The single A guy comes up.

This guy looks like he's not even going to be in single A for more than like half an minute.

Hits it right on the screws.

Oh my God.

You can see his face light up and it sails up into the bleachers.

I'm there by myself reading a book happened to look up.

Which book?

Which book were you reading?

Heidi.

Yes.

About the Swiss girl.

So you went to a baseball game.

I didn't read a book.

Isn't that ironic?

He was depressed.

Shit happened.

I was depressed.

I was trying to get out of my head.

I was in different ways and different people.

That is so empathetic of you.

My therapist says that's why I'm so depressed.

You go to therapist.

Well, he's not my therapist, but he's a therapist that I can hear.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, listen to somebody else's therapy.

Oh, this is somebody else's therapy.

Do your problems apply to their advice?

No one has the same problems with me.

It's so weird.

I relate to this because I read other people's horoscopes and I take bad advice.

I like that.

I like this.

I'm a good one.

Maybe your parents didn't tell you when you were born.

Exactly.

Maybe you're like a month off or something like that.

Maybe I was lied to.

Maybe you were switched at birth or something like that.

That's why you like chairs.

Downtown Cleveland one month earlier than you thought.

No, fuck, parma.

Who knows what's a lie.

I think lying is sort of the worst thing you could do.

Oh, thank you.

Spray your eyes shifting back and forth.

Why did you say that?

I don't know why you were weird.

When did you get a cape?

No.

You're holding it up over the bottom of my head.

He's always had a cape.

He's always had a cape guy.

I'm always had a cape.

Okay.

It's interesting.

It's ironic because the movie Heidi interrupted that football game back during the 70s.

And then in your reading, Heidi.

I'm interrupting it with Heidi.

Yeah.

With a fly ball that you end up catching a whole run.

Yeah, the game interrupted Heidi.

I was real dare.

Did he get called up to the show or what?

He never made it.

He never made it to the big leagues.

That's the guy who killed himself from the Northern Ohio water dogs?

Yes.

The guy who threw it on that water dog.

I guess that was the high point of his life.

And then he.

I'd read something about how the guy who caught the ball wouldn't throw it back to him.

He came out.

He.

Oh, it's you.

Yes.

I was the only one of the two he was for.

He came up to me right after the game.

It's very nice.

He's like, hey, I've never done that before.

It's kind of big.

My kid was watching.

Would you mind if I had the ball?

I said, no way.

This is the only good thing that's happened in a while.

What was going on with you?

It's fan protocol when you catch the ball.

Sure.

You keep it.

Unless it's the opposing team.

Yeah, you throw it back.

But that's your.

Was he on the opposing team?

He was on the opposing team.

He was like, just throw it back.

So everyone was pissed.

So you're fan given right to throw it back.

What was going on with you that nothing had good at happening?

I just lost a ton of money at a carnival.

What?

No, I'm not dead.

Yes.

I saw you about to circle back to your business.

Wait, does this mean about a carnival?

This doesn't have anything to do with that carny worker in Northern Ohio.

Kill themself.

Yes.

What the what?

I've gone to a carnival bet on the Ferris wheel, which you normally.

Why?

I don't let you do that anymore.

I don't let you do it, but I sweet talk to him.

I was like, I got a feeling about it.

What is the bet?

Which one would come in first?

Oh, you're going to get a fucking hammer.

This is a bad idea.

Yeah.

So I, but I said, I feel it.

I got a good feeling about blue five.

And so I put a ton of money down on blue five.

All these side bets started forming.

I feel like where the side bets like?

Is this guy insane?

I've seen this happen.

Is he going to get committed?

Right.

Probably.

Will someone commit suicide?

Will they force him to pay it when this bet doesn't work?

Because it's, well, they feel so bad.

They let him go.

Will anybody get hungry in order of cotton candy during the way?

Do that pay off 10 to one?

Everything hit except for my bet.

Oh, my God.

I was mentally ill.

Some of it did order cotton candy.

You work.

Not anymore.

Yeah.

They were not so sad that they wouldn't make me pay.

Lost everything.

I was completely depressed.

I got a book of Heidi from a passing librarian.

Because I had nothing.

So you wanted to leave the book?

I just need a pass time.

Because when you said Heidi earlier, I'm like, you don't seem like a guy would pick Heidi as a book.

No, I pick.

Right.

But I was like, this many is punishment.

Can I ask questions?

I deserve it.

How did you know it was a passing librarian?

I should have booked her pocket.

Does she have books in her pocket?

Bitch is a librarian, baby.

No, I knew.

I asked her.

You're pocket.

You might be a librarian.

That's a good job.

Yeah, that's your stuff.

You do all the librarian cooks.

White collar comedy tour.

It made no money.

We all had good money going into it so it didn't hit as hard.

But it was nice.

So what situation would you ask her that she was a librarian?

I picked pocketed.

I felt bad.

I went back and said, I stole this.

You should have that.

She said, thank God I'm a librarian.

I need this to finish the life.

How did you get the book then?

As she said, you look, I said, I'm feeling really bad.

I just lost all my money on that Ferris wheel.

She's like, I know I did one of the bad guys.

Wait, I read this story about a librarian who killed herself.

She killed herself.

Yeah, I'm still trying to find out how the carnie guy killed himself.

Now I'm trying to think, well, if this is the Northern Ohio, this was...

This is all Northern Ohio.

Yeah, so this is...

Was this the first...

This is June 21st, 2019.

Yeah, June 21st, 2019.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah, June 21st, 2019.

That's right.

Yeah, because that's when there was like 11 suicides in Northern Ohio and no one would call within like the same weekend.

Nobody could connect them, but we're doing it now.

So...

I don't really feel guilty about it because it wasn't like I told any of these people to kill themselves.

I just sort of had a rough day.

I guess not as bad as theirs.

So where was that?

I mean, the party guy.

Their days ended okay because they're at peace now.

I guess in a way.

Yeah, your torment continues.

I think I'm still warning on this episode.

I'm still attached to the Wheel of Desire.

They are free of that.

That's true.

I like that.

Wheel of Desire.

I downloaded that movie on fucking LimeWire.

And I was in a tribute band called Wheel of Desire.

A tribute to the movie or a tribute to another band?

It was just a regular band that played originals, but we existed in tribute to the movie Wheel of Desire, we'd say.

Our original...

Which is what this goal existence is in tribute to that film.

To the 1979 pornographic film.

And now he was an original about...

No lyrical references to it.

No references to it.

It's all originals.

Wait, but wait, you had three band members, right?

I did.

They all committed suicide during that weekend.

Well we had a gig that night and I canceled because I was like, I can't do it.

I just lost all my money.

I'm gonna go work this off by watching a minor league baseball game.

Meanwhile, the carnival guy felt so bad that he had fleeced me.

His wife made him feel guilty.

Apparently he committed suicide later than that.

Wow.

Incredible.

So I canceled the gig.

The Wheel of Desire guys were like, we got this.

We had this big gig.

We were gonna play the opening of the Higbee's at the Parmitown Mall.

Oh, that's big there.

Very, very good.

Oh, Higbee's at Northern Ohio.

Higbee's was open.

That's not the Higbee's that...

There's a regional manager killed himself in the mall.

Nope.

Oh, okay.

Right, that was farting.

That was the Tampa Higbee's.

I remember that now.

This guy, Higbee's.

We had a huge gig.

We were gonna headline this opening concert and...

And I said...

It was an opening concert.

You were an open...

You were a headline.

We were a headline.

You were an opening a headline concert.

You were headline opening a concert was the beginning of a series of festivities.

I basically headlined this band of that opening phase.

So there's a co-headlining concert.

A concert kicked off the opening of Higbee's and then there's more events after the concert.

After this musical portion of which we were the headline.

Wait, what other reflection rates?

Oh, they're okay.

Then there was a finger painting contest.

Oh, this sounds like a fun day.

Oh, it's great.

What was this in the middle of the night?

This would have been starting at 8 p.m.

So yeah, I guess that would have been...

Like 3 a.m.

3-legged race.

Yeah, you know, just like have the deviance of the town have some fun.

Right, yeah.

Just be like turtles.

This guy is pretty interesting.

This guy hasn't even gotten to the chair thing.

Look, I gotta be honest.

I don't know how interested I am in the chairs.

Well, they have some of them.

Some of them have fucking wheels.

Some of them have a play at it.

Some don't.

Yeah, I mean, that's fucking wild to me.

Well, I sell them and if you want any chairs, I'm available.

I came here looking to drum up sales.

You're trying to...

Not a lot of people do that.

They got a huge platform and they never promote this.

No one's prepared.

They always promote some random podcast that has 800 listeners that they know of.

Chairs, they always have a seat on them, don't they?

Great point.

Most amateurs don't appreciate that.

They don't always have backs, but they always have seats.

They got to or they're not a chair.

Right, what are they?

They said they're just like...

Is it a stool or a chair?

A stool is a chair because it has a seat.

Oh, I love it.

A stool is a subset of chairs.

Okay, interesting.

Oh, I like this.

Do they all have legs?

Or just dead legs?

Really?

So a chair can just be only come home for sure.

That's a chair.

Wow.

All you need is a...

Bean bag.

Bean bag is a chair.

It's called a bean bag chair.

Yeah, it doesn't have a leg, but it has a seat.

But it has a seat.

Exactly.

It has a seat.

It has a subset of the chair.

If you turn a chair upside down, is it still a chair?

No, it's a four-chess.

Because the seat is gone.

It's got four seats.

What about four seats for you?

It's gone.

Yes.

Oh, I know you now.

I remember that from you.

Yes, you've...

I was...

I was like, I'm going to make each leg disappear.

People said there's no way you could do it all at once.

I've warmed up starting with little pizza tables, getting them up my asshole.

And then I was able to do it with a four-chess.

Was this something the team hired you to do?

Well, the guy who was supposed to do the performance had killed himself.

Oh, no.

You were a last minute.

They came out on the field and said, kill anybody.

Do anybody do any entertainment for the seventh inning stretch?

I was alone on the first baseline.

I saw you.

We locked eyes a couple times and I was like, should we talk?

I was like, that would be a business.

I thought you were a fucking sniper or something.

I was just trying not to make eye contact.

You had a real vibe.

You had a ghillie suit on.

It's strange.

Yeah, I had a weird camouflage ghillie suit in the bleachers of a minor league stadium.

But that was just so that I could feel lost.

Yeah.

No, I wanted to just feel like I was disappearing.

I mean, I was the one in full football equipment, so I can't really talk shit about you.

I said you were just killing time until you went to another game.

Well, that's what...

I was going to the football hall of fame, which is in Canton, Ohio.

Yeah, I grew up into the baseball hall of fame.

Oh, sure.

Cooperstown, New York.

Yeah, I love it there.

Yeah.

What size of fan are you?

How intense?

Low-fives.

Well, I'm a medium in fans and extra, extra small in short.

Ex excess in short.

Ex excess.

In excess.

In high-end excess.

Do you guys mind if I just go talk to the camera crew over here for a second?

Oh, yeah.

No problem.

Yeah, whatever you do.

I'm just noticing the camera crew.

This is a camera crew.

So, Heidi, how does it end?

So, listen to me.

That's your question?

I'll be honest, I didn't finish it because the game interrupted.

Oh, the game interrupted it.

How far did you get?

Page two.

Oh, I love that movie game interrupted.

I'll never tell.

Oh.

So her name is Heidi.

You got to that.

I got to her name is Heidi.

She's from Switzerland.

She lives in a mountain.

That's about as far as I can.

In a mountain.

Sounds hot.

In a mountain.

Yeah, like a lair.

It could be.

But I suppose you could interpret it as a lair.

What is a lair?

A place that you live in that has evil intentions?

I feel like it's got to be underground, right?

I don't think you could have an open-air lair.

Is it a...

Against Union regulations that spray-changing all these lights on the ladder?

What is going on?

No, nothing.

I'm not doing anything.

Do you guys have fun?

What is a lair?

You know, I had a cave.

That's kind of like a lair.

Yeah, what is a cave a lair?

You guys keep doing that.

Yeah.

I think you can make anything a lair, really.

It's about the vibe you put out there.

Yeah, yeah.

Heidi had kind of an optimistic vibe.

She's a sunny protagonist from what I gathered in the two pages.

What happened to her, though?

Like, I mean, we have no idea.

What?

I mean, what happened to Heidi?

Let me look at the last page.

Okay, yeah, just read the last page for us.

I kept this book because it was such a meaningful day in my life.

Just read the last page.

It looks to be about three-quarters of a page before it ends.

But three-quarters of a page.

Okay, it is.

And so Heidi finally in love.

Oh, really?

So it starts with the beginning of a sentence.

Pages usually don't do that.

Yeah, but what?

It happens up at the back half of a previous sentence.

It happens sometimes.

So Heidi finally in love turned to her father and said, See, I told you.

I've only seen the movie and that's how the movie ends.

I could do it.

I can fall in love, too.

And with that, she sailed into the sky and became God.

Oh, they cut that out of the movie, which makes sense.

Wait, are you doing the last page of Heidi?

Can you do it again?

Okay, I think so.

So...

Finally...

Wait.

And so finally...

Heidi, I don't know.

Yeah, I don't know.

I don't know.

I don't know why I'm trying to remember.

That's insane.

Just read it again.

Listen, listen.

It's right here.

I know we're on camera because Rudy's got 11 rows of...

Rudy!

It's great.

Whatever.

Fuck, I can't remember any.

Is Rudy have a cape?

Oh, that's right.

Capes break.

Yeah.

Exactly.

So where was I?

Oh, yeah, reading.

So I don't have to remember.

Yeah.

So Heidi finally in love.

You were remembering it the first time.

Well, I'm not remembering it.

You just tried to get better.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Now just read it.

Yeah, but that's why my show...

I'm not going to be a fan of it.

I didn't want to make a mistake.

Were there cars in this movie?

Fast ones.

What about other characters?

The characters were furious.

The cars were fast.

The popcorn was going faster.

Did you see Mortal Kombat?

The movie or the video game?

The new movie that came out.

You're a film reviewer.

Talk about the movie.

I did see the video game played at a theater.

Mask around my forehead.

Okay, well now my question is why is it bad?

Someone rented a theater to play video games on the big screen?

Oh, no, my question is about the mask on the phone.

I was sitting in a seat that was aligned with an air conditioning fan directed right at my forehead.

Code forehead.

I'm not complaining because I was in a very beautiful seat with a good view of the screen.

Well, you know, Andy's a chair salesman.

Maybe he's a chair.

I can hook you up.

You seem to love seats.

I'm the most fascinating part of my story.

Do you have a coupon code?

Yeah, I do.

It's Gino.

Oh, okay.

It's gone.

I'm there.

I will never buy a seat for price.

Yeah.

You don't have to.

Good.

It's good haggling.

Did you come with films you wanted to talk about and I mentioned Fast and Furious?

Or can we throw anything at you?

And I can review anything too.

I've heard a guy into...

What's your opinion of lamps?

Lamps?

Well, I sort of think, you know, visually they're the most exquisite thing we got going.

Okay.

Design wise.

That's what you said about the other thing.

Fast and Furious movies.

Yeah, it's the most exquisitely designed and executed piece of film.

Right.

Okay.

We're talking about lamps now or am I missing something?

This lamp...

What lamp will we talk about?

Honestly, you might be the only person not missing something.

Yeah.

I think it's the four of us who are missing big time.

So you review objects and movies on your nephew's YouTube page?

Well, I got into reviewing anything possible because movies were sort of going away.

Sure, you weren't a lot of them.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah.

So I got into reviewing things like lamps.

Like this is wise cracking guy.

Okay.

Don't be established.

I'm not stupid.

You aren't mentally insane though.

Yes, I'm not stupid.

Or you're releasing you simply.

Certified as was proven by the Ferris wheel.

Yeah.

Well, so what are the types of things that you reviewed during the pandemic?

I reviewed cookies.

Oh, I mean, that's not bad.

I mean, I would like to watch cookie reviews.

That's great.

I mean, I got a package of Oreos.

You guys had Oreo cookies.

Yes.

You had to cream in the inside.

Uh-huh.

You had cookies.

Visually the packaging is exquisite.

Sure, of course.

One of the most exquisite designs and execution of a cookie package we have today.

I actually don't think the Oreo cookie package is anything remarkable.

I think like Pepperidge Farm has a more remarkable packaging because it's like an square thing that's almost like a...

Your name again?

My name is Andy Manders.

Andy, I would...

Don't worry.

He's not coming back.

This is the only time you'll see me.

I did get the only time we'll see both of you.

We don't really need to keep track of a lot of retirement party for Andy Manders and Zuby Condorino.

No, come Andy.

No, for this conversation.

Andy, I'm coming back.

Andy and Zuby, I don't think that's true at all.

I think you guys have a way to keep playing in this game.

That's great.

What?

Just trust me.

Just stick with the plan.

Okay, yeah.

What are you talking...

You have two headsets on, one for the podcast and one you keep talking to other people.

Just stick with the plan.

What are you saying?

Trust the plan?

Trust the plan to stick with the plan.

I've got another big down here on the tube.

Yeah.

I'm so doing the job.

The job is...

I was in the tube for a while.

I got some of my blood back in me.

I'm feeling better.

Oh, good.

Okay, so it's inside you now.

You just scooped it right back up?

That's why I'm laying on my back because the hole is in the hole.

Oh, okay.

I've been following a little...

So Zuby...

Yeah!

Get off my fucking microphone!

You're sorry.

We only have five.

I'm sorry.

That's all right.

You gotta do it like Bruce Springsteen and Little Steven is that his name?

Little Steven.

They're always like leaning into the microphone.

Right.

You know who I'm talking about?

Yeah!

I'm Mr. Scovio.

I'm a big news friend.

Exactly.

You can go bomb in him and share microphones like that when they do their podcast, right?

They're always just leaning into a picture.

Leading backwards like that was the only way Bruce Springsteen can use the microphone.

He doesn't know that.

He's fucking crazy.

Did you see my review of that podcast?

No!

I love to tell us about it.

Springsteen and Obama.

Sure.

Yeah.

We know what we're talking about.

Visually one of the most exquisite podcast in the next cuted.

Yeah.

The art for it was good.

You know, you see Springsteen and Obama.

You want to listen to it.

It's crazy that Springsteen chose Obama.

He was just in the crowd at a live concert singing Dancing in the Dark.

So I'm doing rolls and mops.

So Obama up on stage.

It's like, let's do a podcast.

There's only a season of a podcast right there.

Well, Zuby, do you know the continental airlines arena?

They recorded a full season of a podcast.

Second biggest Bruce Springsteen concert ever.

So Zuby, did we cover your thing?

Exquisite something or whatever.

I came here to talk about, uh...

Well, what's your most recent movie that you've seen that you enjoyed?

Or anything that you want us to ask you?

Quiet place too.

Uh...

What I came here to talk about...

You know John Krasinski's 6'3 weapons trained and has been trained by an ABC on hand-to-hand combat?

I read that.

Who you did.

Yeah, at a magazine.

Alright.

Very cool.

I came here, uh...

I was gonna review some movies and also talk about a book fan that I'm putting on.

Oh, okay.

Good for you.

That's cool.

That's a bit wholesome shit.

I like that.

Love to hear a Heidi right here.

Thanks, if you're interested in selling that and making top dollar out of come down to...

Are there people who could have come and sell books at the book fair?

Yeah, come on down.

It's not a book fair where people come to buy books.

It's an exclusive for people selling books.

We got buyers and if they sell it.

We got buyers and sellers, I'm telling you.

Maybe I'll get a booth.

Good.

Grab a booth, bring your own...

It's a BY-o booth.

That's the way.

You're gonna bring a booth that you're selling to the booth I've never had a use for, but if there's a book fair later on, I'll set it.

It's over at Griffith Park this whole weekend.

The whole park is covered with books.

I thought you meant like a booth in a restaurant you were gonna bring.

Because you're a chair guy.

Yeah, I meant that like a dinner.

You had like a quarter booth at a dinner table.

With a little dinner table.

That's fucking smart.

That's so comfy.

Yeah, you always request one when you go into a restaurant.

Wouldn't you bring one everywhere?

Those things drive me nuts because I wear short shorts all the time and I have to like spatula my hamstrings off my fucking leather.

You gotta watch out for that.

So the book fair?

Yeah, all this weekend.

Good to know.

Good to know any location or anything.

Griffith Park.

The whole park Griffith Park.

The entire park.

The whole thing.

Square inch.

We're gonna have the Lord of the Rings trilogy.

We're gonna have this Heidi book that the chair guy has.

You're from the Los Angeles area?

Oh, you just went out here.

Where am I from?

That's a book.

Sometimes I'm from Chicago.

He's sure.

But I grew up.

Where'd you grow up?

Me, I grew up in the South Shore and Nassau County.

That's exactly where I came.

Really?

Did you guys know each other?

No, I think we're different ages.

I like that tell.

Strategy.

How old are you?

I'm in my 20s.

Yeah, 20s too.

Oh, so that makes sense?

I said I said 22.

So, Zuby, you must be able to name all the subway stops from sure.

Sure, yeah.

Just like Geno King.

That's right.

I can.

Oh, good.

Okay, good.

Well, good to know.

I'm sticking up next.

Oyster stop.

Oh my goodness.

He's doing it.

He's playing at it.

Don't you hate on that subway when everyone will start jumping up and singing and clapping and dancing and singing a song you don't know but you want to fit in so you're sort of just mouthing the words.

This guy's getting it.

It's showtime.

This guy's getting right so stunned.

I feel like I'm talking to Andrew.

Yeah.

I feel like he's mixing in three prepared jokes.

It's like he wants to go off and then he kind of does it.

Interesting.

I'm about to pop up.

But I know.

Is this a segment?

Yeah.

Zuby's pop up.

This is Zuby's pop up.

This is Zuby's pop up baby.

Wild Wild West.

I used to live down.

Alright, we're here on Zuby's pop up.

I'm good.

I'm going to go.

I want to talk about something that's been particularly bothering you.

The way some of these politicians deal with the public is, you know, I don't want to actually just retract against the step back from this one.

I'm just going to relax for a minute.

He's having a great, great feeling.

Another segment like Zuby rolls it back or something.

Zuby rolls it back.

Okay, Scott.

I think I've hit my limit.

Good to know.

I've never seen a guest tap out before.

Incredible.

Alright.

Well, luckily we are running out of time.

Fucking Christ.

We're not going to play.

Would you rather?

No, would you rather.

Unfortunately, we only have.

What are you rewriting right now?

What the fuck am I complaining?

I'm just, I'm just sticking to the plans.

We only have time for one final feature.

That, of course, is a little something called plugs.

Oh, yeah.

Roll plugs, Steve.

Loves.

Flock diamonds in.

Loves.

Ooh, short and sweet.

I love it.

Diamonds in the wind.

By lame takes.

Thank you so much for letting me.

Very nice.

Alright, what are we plugging?

Gino, what do we got?

You mentioned something about this summer season three?

Yeah, this summer August.

We're in the middle of dads and grad season.

Sure.

When you're doing your back to school shopping, why don't you save a few bucks on the side?

Fuck the trapecheper and buy yourself a little stitch of premium.

Yeah, just for a month.

You actually wait until like episode five of my show comes out.

Then buy it.

Use your one free month.

Listen to the whole thing.

Listen to the fog.

It's a little old nine.

Yeah, we got to get out of the hack.

But we got new episodes.

Season three of the Gino Lombado Show.

I've shit hits the fan this season.

Oh, this sounds amazing.

I got to catch up with this because I have no idea you've alluded to it a lot of what's been going on with you.

It sounds incredibly dramatic.

Oh, you find out by the end of the season.

Okay, good.

You do.

I do.

Yeah.

Oh, check the email.

Okay.

Good to know.

I'm a springy baby.

What are you?

You know, of course, your segments.

I'm my segment, of course.

I don't even remember.

I just want to say, you know, I came here to play a good game.

My dream has always been to be here at Comedy Bang Bang, sort of get all the way to the end.

And I just know I can trust my alliances, you know, and in the end, I'm going to, I'm going to offer something up.

I want all the listeners of the Patreon that I support, Sean Distance Patreon.

Oh, the church of Sean Distance?

Yes, the church of Sean Distance.

How would you guys leave that Patreon?

I want you to go over to Gino's Patreon.

Whoa.

Because I want to strengthen my alliance with Gino, of course.

Incredible.

I like it.

So all my Patreon listeners, just go over to Gino's.

This is probably funnier stuff over this.

Oh, this whole thing.

Good to know.

And as long as we stick to the plan, you know, I think we'll be fine.

Trust the plan.

Yeah.

Go at me.

Trust the plan.

Like, oh, my leg.

This is a happy leg here.

All right.

Good to know.

Okay.

Andy Manders, what do you want to plug on your last appearance?

I will plug a, yes, my first and last appearance I would like to plug.

Well, the chair business is going to pop.

You can do the CBB bomb.

It's good to see you.

That's good to be great.

Yeah, we haven't talked about where you can get them or anything like that.

People will figure it out.

I'll probably go to Gino and get you the watch chair.

Just fan the demand and they'll figure it out.

That's another feature.

Figure it out.

We're back, baby.

Need you to leave.

I would like, what you knew, John Lennon, right off eyesight, is there?

Are you like a fan listening to Beatles podcasts and shit like that?

Nope.

No.

He appeared in a comic book as I recall.

Yes.

And Scott, that's interesting.

I think it's a podcast called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about comics.

The only podcast in the universe where two guys talk about comic books, Kevin Hines and Will Hines.

I think it's pretty fun.

I like that.

Father and son do well.

It sounds like it.

Given the difference in their cultural references, it seems that way.

I've never been able to determine.

I don't go too deep.

I'm just a casual fan.

Oh, of course.

All right.

Well, Zuby Kondorino.

Yeah.

Zoom.

Right.

Come on, baby.

Let's go.

And don't be upset.

People, it's hard to live up to a name like that.

Yeah.

He's a movie spot.

Let me tell you about the last podcast I went on.

We were so excited.

And it went down.

Oh, no.

It's just when you hear Zuby Kondorino, it's like, damn, this is going to be amazing.

That was good.

It was pretty good.

I don't think it was coming back.

I guess someone need to do to be amazing on this.

I don't know.

It's just that stick around for a while.

Yeah.

I'm not going to do it.

Give me their address.

Email.

Thank you for clarifying.

I almost gave you a snail mail address.

I added out on there.

I do know their house.

I got problems with snail mail.

Thanks too long to get letters to where they got to go.

Good notes.

I want to plug the podcast, the sloppy boys podcast.

These guys are making cocktails and talking about them.

They got a Patreon.

They got free episodes every week.

I've been on the podcast myself.

Zuby Kondorino has?

Didn't fit in there either.

I think you fit in here.

I think it's good.

I think you're a very important part of this alliance.

I'm not saying it worked, but I'll say you fit in.

It's good.

It's just not Zuby Kondorino.

That's all we're saying.

Zuby Kondorino is like riding in a convertible in Palm Springs.

You know, there's something you're just not doing.

There's stuff coming on this show after five or six people have been talking.

Yeah, I know.

Especially John Lennon was here.

Big fan.

We know, we know.

We all are.

That's not your fault that John Lennon showed up here, Zuby.

We're all a big fans of John.

We love John Lennon.

He's in a bloody dog thing right now.

Well, the crowd.

And he's not coming out.

Good to know.

He almost sounded like he almost did.

Right.

Yeah.

The first half of that sentence.

All right, I want to plug three.

It comes out on Thursdays.

You know about it.

Me, Paul, if Tom Pins, Lauren Lapka.

Okay, let's close up the old plug bag.

Open that shit.

Well, you got it.

Get up in there.

You got it.

I didn't even know what to do.

I'm going up the club.

You got it.

I'm going up the club.

Hey, don't mess around with it.

Okay.

Is that it?

Okay.

Good to know.

Very good.

Good.

Nice and short.

I love it.

Like I was saying before, no one, usually they've been extending them, not cutting them.

They know where back in studio and they just have all the fun we can.

All right.

That was closing remix 2021 by Harry Potter 420.

Thank you so much.

Harry Potter 420.

Guys, I want- It's a movie visually.

Good to know.

I want to thank you individually before we get to the vote.

Gino, great to have you back.

Thank you so much for showing up.

I should be here, Scott.

Thank you.

Sprague, of course.

What more needs to be said between us?

You might have to spread.

Of course.

And Andy Tooby.

We'll talk about it afterwards.

See you next week.

The dynamic viewing chair.

We'll be reviewing the theater engagement.

Incredible duo.

Incredible.

Well, let's get to it.

I mean, it's time for the final vote.

Oh, every episode of Comedy Band.

Comedy Band.

Yeah, usually we don't do it on Mike, but I thought the listener might be interested to hear who we vote off this time.

So, all right, so I guess we need to do public vote.

So why don't we start with a Zuby Condorino who- I vote for that bleeding, rock and roll guitarist over there who could never be on the show again.

John Lennon, never be on the show again.

John Lennon, never come on this show again.

I'd like to see that at- Huge.

That's huge.

Good to know.

Huge.

All right, Andy Manders- Just put the plan.

I would like to cast my vote that Sprague the Whisperer never comes back.

Oh my God.

Okay, this is- I'm scrambling.

Now, I know.

I know.

Who are you voting for?

I would like to cast my vote.

Here we go.

Alliances were formed, freaking out.

Drama was had.

We saw some exquisite visual spectacles.

They were exquisite.

But I'm going to have to vote Gina Lombardo off.

Do you know what yourself?

Yeah.

One vote for you.

Can you vote for yourself?

I think- Yes, I guess.

Yes, you can.

Yeah, I think so.

Andy, you could have voted for yourself.

I should have.

All right, John Lennon, who are you voting for?

Get out of the tube.

Who do we got?

Well, I'm feeling much better.

No one asked.

Just vote.

You didn't think that was- I vote full- Mmm.

The chair guy.

By the way, fair, yeah.

All right, so we have one for the chair guy, one for John Lennon, one for Sprague and one for Geno.

Okay.

And I have the final vote.

Oh, well, what about my vote?

Oh, oh, sorry.

I thought you were Jeff, but okay.

Yeah, I'm still voting.

Oh, well, I think you were trying to get my alliance.

No, the chair is a little fuzzy.

It's true.

Maybe you should have a vote.

Look, I got a vote for Zuby Condorino.

It just makes sense.

That's fair.

Wait, John.

John agrees.

That's fair, John.

So right now- So right now- So right now- Every person has a vote except for me- Every person has a vote and I'm the final vote.

Except for Scottie.

Every person has a vote except for me- Except for Scottie.

Except for Scottie.

I, of course, had all the power all along.

What?

I played an incredible game.

And, of course, I have to vote for Sprague.

I mean- Oh, he said Sprague!

Oh, you're all asleep.

You're all asleep.

Oh, oh.

Thank God.

His name is Morpheus.

Was that a dream?

Oh, I changed my vote.

Yeah, I changed my vote.

I changed my vote.

Wait, what?

I changed it for Morpheus.

Yeah, okay.

It's the only one I bring back.

Morpheus, you're out.

No, what?

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.
