---
layout: page
title: 710. Sparks, Edgar Wright, Ben Rodgers, Matt Apodaca [9c838544-0d55-437c-98d6-ad4700035862].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Did you fall from heaven?

Because if so, you may be entitled to financial compensation.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, pretty good.

Thank you to Stop Eating Bees for that catchphrase submission.

Stop eating bees.

Oh, that's good advice in any month of the year, including this one.

June Bloom is still with us.

Dad's grads are having a field day.

You got about two more weeks, Dad's and grads before you got to cut the shit and get out of here.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

And we have an incredible show.

Come here a little later.

We have a cameraman.

Oh, someone who looks through that, the aperture.

I'm sure we'll talk a lot about apertures and lenses.

That'll be exciting.

Plus, we have a guy with an announcement.

A guy with an announcement.

Okay, well, that'll be a little later on the show.

But we have a very incredible A-block here for you today, because we have not only a returning guest, but two guests who have never been on the show before, which means, of course, we have to get their first episode.

And after we tape this one, we'll have to tape your last episode.

It's sort of like rent.

We do first episode, last episode.

And you can do as many as you want in between, but we need to make sure we get that last one.

But he is a, the person who's been on before, he is a director.

He has directed such films as the hottest of fuzzes.

Sean of the dead.

Scott Pilgrim saves the world.

And he has a new film coming up this Friday, starring these guys who have never been on the show before, who have an incredible career, 25 albums deep.

They have been in the music business since the early 70s or the late 60s.

I'm not quite sure, but this is, they've been going in the 70s, 80s, 90s, hundreds with thousands, I guess 2000s, 2000s, 2000s, 20s, 2000s, 20s, all of these years they've been doing it.

They are the stars of this man's new documentary called the Sparks Brothers, which comes out this Friday.

Please welcome back to the show Edgar Wright and for the first time on the show, Ron and Russell, AKA Sparks.

Thank you.

Yeah.

You're applauding me.

I applauded Ron and Russell.

Oh, you're applauding them.

Okay.

Would you give me a little bit?

You know, it's only common courtesy.

Okay.

Well, I had a couple questions about the non-disclosure agreement.

Oh, yeah.

I'm so sorry to make you sign that.

I'm so like, initial here, by the way, and sign here.

Yeah.

All these tabs.

Welcome back to the show.

You're great to see you and thank you for that applause.

I say on Sparks behalf and guys, what an incredible film.

Mainly I'm saying this because it is my return to the silver screen.

Let's count my movies.

We have Austin Powers in Gold member where I played a young Michael Kane.

We have my wife's film, Origin Story, where I played the part of himself.

And now we have Sparks Brothers where I play the part of himself, my second himself part.

This is exciting.

You're getting typecast.

I am.

I play a cop in so many things.

Sarah Silverman program, Curb Your Enthusiasm.

And now suddenly I'm himself.

There's a really good stuff too that Edgar's shown us a lot of the outtakes that they're pretty amazing.

He's said that possibly he's going to be doing a DVD extra of just the out of your outtakes.

Just the bloopers because the floor was so slippery.

And then Edgar's constantly eating bananas and tossing them over his shoulder.

I was just slipping and sliding everywhere.

And it was really rough for me.

So that's cool that you're putting out a blooper reel.

Yeah, blooper reel, special.

It's going to be vinyl too.

Vinyl.

On vinyl.

Yes.

A remix one of it.

An extended version.

In Belana Yellow.

In select theaters.

You remember the film Clue where they had like three versions, right?

Different ending.

Yeah, you could look at your local paper.

Mine was the Los Angeles Times.

And you could look up a theater and it would have A, B or C next to the showtimes.

And it would tell you which ending you could go see.

So you could like go try to catch them all as they say about Pokemon, I believe.

Well, because there's no kind of print ads in the papers anymore, like basically just as a random two versions of the Sparks Brothers, there's the sort of the full film.

And then like sort of other lucky viewers will just be able to watch only the rushes of your interview.

That thing else.

I mean, there's a market for it.

Don't discount it yet.

No, it was a privilege to be part of this film.

It's an incredible story.

This is a documentary about you guys.

Ron and Russell, the band Sparks.

Like I said, you've been around for so long, so influential upon other bands and other artists.

And this is the first filmed documentary ever about you guys.

And it happens, I don't know if you know this, but to be directed by Edgar Wright, who's like a major film director.

We didn't know that until now, but thank you.

Sure, no, you gotta read those credits at the end.

That's why they have it there.

I never say for credit.

We just looked them up on Wikipedia and it's kind of amazing.

They didn't know that I directed Scott Pilgrim's Save the World until you mentioned it.

You gotta stay for those credits.

All those Marvel movies, you probably have no idea what's going on in the post-credits scenes.

Those are vital.

I mean, I don't want to ruin it, but there is a mid-credits scene in the Sparks Brothers.

I'm not gonna spoil that.

I watched the entire film, so I know exactly what you're talking about.

But yes, you don't want to ruin it for people.

So people, when they go see it, don't walk out in that mid-credits scene, because there's still half of the movie still yet to come.

Is that right?

Yes.

There is a second two-hour movie in the middle of the credits.

You say a second two-hour movie.

This is like a two-hour and a half hour.

You're less.

You're gonna get a two-hour and a 20-minute period added together, maybe somewhere around there.

I figure, listen, Billie Eilish has a two-and-a-half hour documentary, and she's 18.

So the least you could fucking do is give these guys two-and-a-quarter hours.

Well, it's such an interesting film.

Let's talk about it generally, and then I'll ask some specific questions.

Do we have an agreement about that?

We'll run it past our attorney, so if you can...

Our attorney, by the way, this dude is standing over your shoulder just like...

If we can just...

Can we pause the whole podcast for like maybe like 25 minutes?

Yeah, okay.

We'll just pause it right now.

Okay, here we go and talk to your attorney.

♪♪ And we're back.

Okay, so your attorney okayed everything.

It was fine.

It was okay.

Okay, great.

All right.

Well, so Edgar, why did you want to do a documentary, first of all, and then a documentary about these particular subjects?

Well, it was sort of staring me in the face because I kept saying it aloud to people.

I'd find that like sparks would come up frequently, either with fellow sparks fans or people that I... who didn't know them and I thought should know them.

And at a certain point I felt that making a documentary would be easier than me having to explain sparks over dinner.

Because you can't go around to every single person in the world one by one.

You know what I mean?

It was a choice.

I was like, so if I had those two ways of doing it, one would be to speak to everybody one-on-one.

And that's the rest of my life.

Just knocking on doors, ringing doorbells.

Ringing on doors, yeah.

Or make a documentary for people to see and say, watch this instead.

But it was something I said it aloud enough times to people that eventually somebody kind of called me on it.

It was Phil Lord, in fact, at a sparks game.

Former guest of the show, of course.

Former guest of the show.

And whilst we were standing in the balcony of a sparks gig, I said, you know what?

The only thing that's stopping these guys from being recognized as being one of the most influential bands on the planet is something he needs to do and over you.

Somebody needs to do a documentary.

And Phil said, you should do that movie.

And I think not backing down, I just said, I will.

And then...

And then, one side, like, after the gig, talking to Ron and Russell backstage, then I told them, then it was a vocal contract that I have to make this movie.

So anyone dares you to do a movie and you have to do it?

I mean, I dare you to make a movie starring me.

I don't think so.

All right, no, it's that easy.

Can it be the...

Can it be...

What about the young Michael Caine story?

Oh, my goodness.

How about the story of a guy who goes to audition to be young Michael Caine?

Does an impression of Michael Caine gets the job, then goes and meets Jay Roach and Mike Myers, and they say, okay, it has a 30-minute conversation with them about comedy.

And then they say, okay, turn around, and they just look at my ass because all it is is my back is in the movie.

And they interspiced it with footage of Michael Caine.

What about that story?

Would you direct that?

I think that's an interesting...

I mean, that's...

If I don't do it, Ryan Murphy will do a 10-hour FX series about it.

About a hapless young actor.

So this is an interestingly structured movie when it comes to music documentaries at Gerb, because most...

And I don't need to tell you this.

I don't know why I directed this question at you, but most of the music documentaries that you see are about bands.

Bands generally are famous when they're very young, you know, like when they're young and sexy and good-looking.

And so most music documentaries, like I watched the Joan Jett one the other day, and it's like, wow, she was really young and she was struggling.

Then she got very famous and then wasn't popular for the last 35 years.

You know, and they just like cut off whenever they're not popular anymore.

This is a film that covers every single one of your albums in detail from the early 70s to now, the album that you put out just last year.

That's not even a question.

So I don't know, like I didn't end on a question mark or anything like that, but please comment on that.

Well, for my part, I think one of the reasons I wanted to make the documentary is because I was becoming increasingly impressed with Sparks' output, especially like in this century, because it seemed to go against the kind of the trajectory of every other band.

It's most, you know, the running stones have sort of been doing a greatest hits tour since 1981.

And so on the flip side, it seemed amazing to me that every two years like Sparks have had a new record.

There was as ambitious, if not more so, than like, to me, there's not even a golden period of Sparks because like there are, there is the albums from the last couple of years could go head to head with the ones from the 70s.

And that's very rare. So that's sort of the reason I wanted to make the documentary.

And in fact, actually, even the poster is Ron and Russell now rather than like, you know, like a, you know, a BG's documentary, I guess, because to have made it.

Who's going to say the beat? Wait, wait, wait. Let's get him out. Let's dig him up.

Let me just, let me just work through my logic. I was about to say the BG's documentary doesn't have a poster of them now.

And I think, well, there's a good reason for that. Okay.

Let me back out.

I would not want to see that poster. Okay. So let me back out.

An Arismith documentary would have a picture of Arismith in the 70s.

Like to me, like, and the poster for the documentary has Ron and Russell now because like, I mean, Sparks are in their prime right now. And in fact, like, you know, like the last two albums went top 10 in the UK for the first time since 1975, which is incredible.

I can't really think of another band that's done that. It's, it's, it's.

So that was part of the reason for doing it is that it wasn't the golden period is, is still happening.

You know, well, it's an incredible story. My wife and I watched the film together and she is not a fan of this style of music.

Usually, in fact, I don't even know if she's ever heard any music come to think of it.

I think she tried to sing a happy birthday to me once and she got halfway through and gave up.

So I don't even, you know, I, I, this is, you know, like trying to teach an iPhone to a caveman with her, but she, she was so enraptured with the story.

She, like you say, it's a two and a quarter hour movie and we talked about you guys for an hour afterwards about the various parts of your career.

She was so excited to get to know you guys as music. And so it really is not a movie necessarily for music fans.

It's a, it's an incredible story that spans generations.

Did she find you hot in the movie?

Well, she did take a picture of the screen. So yeah, she's still in to me.

So yeah, by the way, by the way, do I have to say Ron, she's team Ron. She came out of it as team Ron. How does that make you feel Russell?

I would be very careful.

So she's got a, she's got a type, if you know what I mean.

Weirdos.

But it's, but it's, it's really a great film and incredible achievement. And, you know, I mean, I wouldn't be surprised if a little boy by the name of Oscar comes knocking on your door.

Come February saying, may we give you this envelope with your name on it and you, may you accept this guy with a sword? What do you think about that, Edgar?

I think it's worth this is not even a joke. This is a, the Ron and Russell have a, have a different shot at an Oscar next year because they also have the film Annette coming out in the summer directed by Leo's character, starring Adam Driver and Mary Cuntier.

So Ron and Russell, you could be, I don't want to jinx it.

I'm not going to say multiple nominees. Best song, best subject of documentary. Do they give an award for that? I'm not sure. But they should best actor for your performance in this film.

You know, what usually wins best documentary is usually about some boring subject about some like genocide or something like that. This is so much more fun. This should just win.

What do you think? How about better than genocide? That should be the pull quote on the poster, the aforementioned poster. Well, it's really great guys. I implore people to see it. It'll be in theaters this Friday.

Will it also be on video on demand or just theaters and then moving to to a video after that? Yes, it will be in theaters first theaters first and then and then I don't know what participating cinemas have this.

Scott Ockermann rushes version of the film. How hard was it to cut me almost completely out of the film? Was that personally painful for you Edgar? No, I got some good stuff.

I think you cut to me three times, I believe. And I say maybe approximately 13 words in the film is that about right?

You like to, as maybe as kind of just so you feel better about gold member, you are in the movie as much as Mike Myers is. How do you feel about that? That's true. Yeah, that's a good point.

I'm an equal status with Mike Myers finally. Well, it's a great film. Congratulations guys. And I really would like people to go out and see it this Friday. How many points do I have on the film?

That's we're going to have to bump back to running Russell's attorney. Yeah, okay. We got a cut. Okay. Let's talk to Ron and Russell's attorney. Let's pause the show for a second.

And we're back and well, it looks like I have no points on the film, which is a surprise to me. Your up front fee was so high. That's true.

The Sparks brothers in theaters this Friday. It's really a good time at the movies. We need to take a break. When we come back, we have a cameraman. Boy Edgar, this is going to be in your wheelhouse here because you work with cameraman and women, of course, on your movies, I would imagine. I mean, I'm watching them, so I would think you do.

We also have a guy with an announcement. So that'll be very exciting. We will be right back with more comedy, bang, bang, more Edgar, right? More sparks will be right back after this.

Comedy, bang, bang. We are back. Edgar, right? We're turning guests to the show. How many times have you been on the program? Would you say this is your fourth? Maybe.

I think it's my fourth. I remember being on with John Hamm.

I remember. I can remember. Yeah. One with Joe Cornish, one with Simon Peggen Nick Frost, and the third one with John Hamm.

That's right. Yeah. And that was for baby driver, right? So, yeah. So this is the fourth. And we have Ron and Russell of Sparks here as well, making their first appearance of many, I would hope.

And we need to get to our next guest. This is exciting. He's been on the show before. He is a cameraman. Please welcome back to the show, Jack Furs. Hello, Jack. Hey, hey, Scott.

Thanks for having me back.

Hey, it's no problem. Good to see you. This is Edgar, right?

He works with cameras quite often. Oh, yeah. Sorry. I'm actually coming from work. That's why I've got so much gear.

Climbing gear, grappling hook, smoke bombs, taser. You use those as a cameraman? Yeah. Yeah. I get the... To get the right shot? To get the shot. Oh, okay. Interesting. I got to climb a pie. Sure. Yeah. But I got that aerial view. I don't know if you ever use that, Edgar, the sort of like view from the top of a building down on something. We call it the top shot.

Yeah. Yeah. Top shot. It's a top shot. I do a lot of top shots. And I like the smoke bombs. You know that. You know I like the haze. Well, yeah, of course, it adds a little texture to everything. It's like putting on the fog machine when you're shooting a movie or something like that. Yeah.

And the neck brace, of course, is new. Yeah. You just pulled that out. Yeah. I took the spill. Oh, I was shooting something above crime alley. And my footing just got out on me. Oh, yeah. That makes sense. Yeah. That sounds like something that would happen to a cameraman. So that's not suspicious at all. So, yeah.

I didn't notice it because it's colored the same color as your shirt. Yeah. Yeah. Well, I'm trying to, you know, color coordinate with color coordinate. I don't want anybody at work finding out that I'm hurt. They'll maybe not give me as much.

Do you have any assignments? Yeah. They call them assignments and then in the. In the business. They call them assignments. I didn't know how technical you wanted me to get on the show. Okay. You can be a little. Inside baseball. The things are here. Right. Well, and this is Sparks, by the way. This is.

This is Ross. Hey, guys. Yeah. Hey, nice to me. Never met a cameraman before. Nice to meet you. How many? So do you use a lot of Vaseline on your lenses? I do. I've got a lot of lubricants, explosive gels in case I need to make a pop for something. Have you guys heard of this vigilante around Los Angeles? Notice the night wolf? Have you heard of this guy?

Oh, yeah. He's come up on this show before.

I yeah. Have you heard about this guy? Ron and Russell? You live in LA? Have you heard about the vigilante who's been sort of making trouble for the? Listen, I won't be surprised if you don't know who he is. Word has not been getting out about him, which has been causing him to have some problems because a lot of people think he's just a guy in a costume and he's not. He's trying to fight crime and I appreciate Scott letting me have the chance because I'm have the chance because I'm a fan of this guy and I think he's actually doing good work.

That's right. You've brought him up on the show. That's right. I guess I. Oh, are you sure?

I think you have, yeah, because I'm interested in you as a cameraman, but occasionally every time you've been on the show, like this guy tends to come up.

What's his name? The Night Wolf. Yeah.

The Night Wolf. Yeah. vigilante who attempts to arrest criminals.

Yeah, he does. And he actually, I'm in touch with him a little bit now. You are. Yeah, he's seen some of mine. You opened up a back channel? I did. Yeah. I finally got an email address and he got in touch with me. What's the email address? Do you mind saying it? You're on the show? No, no, no. Feel free to hit me up. It's a hit you up. Yeah. You know, I didn't mean your email address.

I mean, the Night Wolf. Oh, the Night Wolf? Yeah. Oh, yeah.

Yeah. It's Night Wolf. It's a lot of numbers. I mean, so take out a pen and put it here. Oh, yeah. I got one over here.

It's you said it's Night Wolf. Night Wolf. Uh-huh. 9 0 0 9 0 0 0 9.

And that was the only one about too many numbers. You said a lot of numbers. I was expecting like 25 numbers. That's, I mean, that is literally eight numbers.

Okay. To each his own. I see more numbers than that on my paycheck. Okay. Big brag there.

Can I ask a question? What does the Night Wolf's costume look like?

Well, I'm glad you asked because I'll tell you what it doesn't look like. You've taken photos.

You've taken photos of the show. I've taken some photos of them and he has improved his costume.

It used to be a ski mask with some glue that had ears on it and the ears fell off and they messed up the Night Wolf's face pretty good because the glue was hot. But he's improved his costume and it does not look like a bear despite what some local teams might tell you.

Some sarcastic local teams. Right. He looks a little bit more like a wolf now.

Okay. He looks more like a wolf than previous. Yeah. Okay.

Good to know.

Good to know. So if I were to come across him and think, is that a bear? Is that a bear?

No, it looks a little more like a wolf. That's probably Night Wolf. It's probably Night Wolf.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah. And you take photos of this guy. This is what you do for your newspaper that you get these assignments from? Yeah. Well, I'm freelance. Oh, okay. And usually I do kind of puff pieces at the end of the news. I'm trying to do grittier stuff. I keep pushing stories about the Night Wolf. I'm getting no takers. No traction on these night wolf tracks.

Which is a shame because it's a good, there's meaty stories in there. Sure. Like what was the last time you saw the Night Wolf? Well, he had an incident where some of them stole his car.

Oh, hmm. And actually now is a good time to maybe get word out. If anybody has seen a aqua blue Pontiac sunfire. What year? What is the year 2000?

Oh, okay. Just a classic car. Sure. Yeah.

The one Conan sang about. Oh, did he? In the year 2000? Oh, yeah. Yeah. That song about it. Yeah.

You comedy fan? Love to laugh. People that are surprised by that. I love to laugh. Yeah. You seem like a very serious guy. My spot and my smoke bomb guy is super funny. Terry. He is a riot.

And you go actually not to be a downer. Terry did pass away.

Oh, no. I'm so sorry. When?

Last year. Oh, no. It's been rough. I'm trying to find a new smoke bomb. How did he die?

Suicide. Okay. Sorry to hear. What was going on in his life that he seemed to have no other.

He seemed like he was always jokey. Yeah. You see, he's so funny from what you say. Yeah, he was so funny. Oh, God. That's terrible. Maybe it was an accident.

I don't know. The smoke bomb accident?

Well, yeah. He was gassed to death. Oh, it sounds like an accident, quite honestly. What paper do you have to know? I'm in TV journalism. Oh, that's right.

Yes. Okay. TV. What channel?

Two, four and seven. All of them. Okay. Whoever has me.

Okay. You're like a night crawler guy.

Yeah. I guess so. I mean, I don't mean the superhero. Right.

Not to get him confused with the night wolf. Right. Because I have nothing to do with the night wolf. Okay. Let's make that clear.

Because the few times that you've been on this show before, Edgar and Ron and Russell, he's he's been talking about the night wolf a lot, which there's a lot of there's a lot of coincidences, a lot of things line up. I mean, for example, I also drive a 2000 Aqua Blue Pontiacs on fire, which was also stolen. Whoa. Someone there must be a thief out there stealing this very specific.

Yeah. Must be easy to steal. Yeah. So keep a lookout for it.

Edgar and you know, did the film baby driver? So he knows a lot about this. Any tips, Edgar?

I was just curious. How do you get shots of the night wolf yourself? Like, well, you must just point the camera at him. Yeah. I'm just holding the camera.

I'm just holding the camera. Edgar, it's almost as though you're implying that I set up the camera and then I go off and do other stuff, which is postrous. Do you even own a tripod? I mean, I don't need it. No, all handheld.

But I do keep a lot of glues on hand at all times, just in case. Glues. Yeah.

I got glue bombs. Sure. I got the night wolf like make does he make an appearance as in like, does he would he use something like a smoke bomb to make an appearance or disappear from the scene of a car? He does. He is a big fan of smoke bombs and not so much these days, though. I was reading because he's also as if he's running out. He's also having a problem finding a new smoke bomb.

Some guy issues. I mean, I always theorize that maybe I'd run into a materials because like, clearly, we both have a love of smoke bombs. Yeah. But do you make your appearance in the newsrooms with a smoke bomb? I've been known to accidentally drop one at time or two.

And that has gotten me in hot water over. Oh, yeah. Yeah, I can bet. Yeah.

Fox won't use me anymore. Oh, no. I'm so that's channel 11.

Yeah.

That's why I didn't name it. Yeah. Of course. I'm mishap.

Ron Russell, any crime happened to you? You guys live in LA.

I mean, like, have you ever had any kind of have you ever had a car stolen or anything stolen out of your yard or anything like that?

Patty, someone move in next door, a fan moved in next door to me. Oh, no.

Yeah. And she befriended my next door neighbor who was a single bachelor. Maybe a bachelor's always single is a bachelor always single. I don't know. I can confirm they are. Yeah.

You're a bachelor. I'm unlucky in love. And that's not surprising to me. I was engaged.

You were to yeah, to whom? She was a lovely gal named Judy passed away, unfortunately. Oh, God, you have a lot of people passing away in your sphere. And it's I'm over it. The night wolf is very hung up on her death.

Did her death coincide with the first appearance of the night wolf?

Well, the night wolf showed up soon after his parents died.

Oh, that's right. Yeah. My fiance, no kind of reinvigorated the night wolf a little bit weird.

He just I mean, he's a good guy. Just Yeah, he saw you being happy with her and that made him happy as he was stopped crime. What would the night wolf do about in Russell's situation? Yeah, fan.

Night wolf doesn't have a lot of fans. So I'd have to use my imagination a little bit at weird. I would set up maybe some camouflage.

Hmm. Some camp. What would you camouflage? Russell himself or camouflage myself? I guess the house maybe paint the whole house in camouflage and then she wouldn't know where you lived anymore. No. Yeah. Yeah, you could get some sort of urban ghillie suit. So instead of a ghillie suit where you would cover it in twigs and leaves, maybe some old male riggled up newspaper. Interesting. When you said a ghillie suit, I thought that you were talking about Gilly from SNL. Could you remember Kristen Whigs character where she would say sorry? Yes, because I loved the laugh, Scott. You were talking about that with your smoke bomb guy, wouldn't you? Terry loved that stuff. He was more he loved a lot of gas puns.

What are gas puns? I don't know that I've ever heard one. I guess just inserting gas in dissenses. I don't know that I could on a bet. Yeah, he was a talented guy. I sure as hell can't do it. Yeah. Yeah, he was one of a kind. RIP. Yeah. A lot of butt stuff too. But oh, I very crass. You're a very crass guy. Well, RIP to him though gone too soon. Smoke bomb guy. It's hard to get a smoke bomb guy. Do you have a smoke bomb guy Edgar? I should do. You should, right? If you find anyone pass the name along. None of these English guys either.

We've had a bunch of them on the payroll for years. How many how many smoke bomb guys do you usually employ? We have to have both American and European because there's a visa problem.

Oh yeah, and different outlets too to charge them. Yeah, the conversion rate with smoke bombs can really screw you up and maybe you're using too much smoke.

Yeah, no, we've had that sometimes on stages. It's just too much and then we had to fire the guy.

You did it in the middle of a concert?

You fired someone? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I would love to see that in the middle of a concert.

Just bringing an employee out firing them. There's too much smoke. I mean, yeah, not left with any other alternative. No, it's brutal. I have been fired filming a concert before and it is not fun.

In the middle of the show, they just pulled me out and I mean, they busted me. I wasn't and you maybe Edgar was onto something. I did step away. I just propped the camera up on a stack of books and I went away real quick. What were you doing? I mean, what was so pressing that you couldn't perform your duties filming this concert? Well, my two wolves, Justice and Payback were howling and forgot about your two wolves. Yeah, I've got two own two wolves. Yes, I've got two pet wolves, Justice and Payback and they get into all sorts of trouble.

And so they were out in the sunfire and they were making a ruckus. I thought something was up.

So yeah, I went to check on them and they canceled me. So those bastards, Aerosmith, oh, they're hard on their employees, but not as hard as sparks.

You run a tight ship over there. They probably wanted more Vaseline on the lens and you weren't willing to, you know, you seem to really be concerned with Vaseline on the lens, Ron.

Well, we all have our thing. And Ron's right. Those guys are just addicted to this stuff. They can't get enough Vaseline on the lens. I mean, they want it everywhere. And not just the lens from what I'm hearing. No, you got to Vaseline them up before the shot. You got a Vaseline.

This is not part of your job when you're a camera person.

No, and it's gotten me in a couple of scrapes. I mean, imagine trying to climb up to get a top shop when you're all covered in Vaseline.

You call it a top shop? Top shop. I mean, it's a vote. You're a radio guy. It's a vocal warm up you can do. I mean, I'm not used to being on this side of the microphone. I do. What side are you on of the microphone usually? Usually right behind it. Okay.

Pointing it at somebody at the night wolf a lot of times. Yeah, trying to pick up the sounds of the night wolf. What sounds does he make when he's fighting crime? Well, just to clarify, it's supposed to sound like a howl. Oh, okay. So, so if you're out there in the streets of Los Angeles and you hear a howling, that is the sign that the night wolf is out there protecting you usually. Yeah.

What does it actually sound like? Well, the I believe someone hit the night wolf sound modulator.

And that's just what you are kind of asking. This is what I'm theorizing. Right. Okay. Because it does sound just like a lady laughing.

That's unfortunate. Yeah, it sounds like an obese woman just giving a really rich chuckle is what I've been described to by me. I'm sure that's not the sort of vibe that I fear in the criminals. Well, criminals are cowardly lot usually and they are. Scott, I got a challenge that in my experience, they're actually pretty tough. They're bad. And in the the side of a wolf out at night does not frighten them. No, they're all business. They're all business. I frequently they've told the night wolf and this I've heard second hand. Of course. That he looks like a guy dressed up as a bear. Not so much anymore, I would hope, because now he looks more like a wolf. Right. Yeah. No, the new wolf costume is also getting some criticism. Oh, really? Oh, no, what's the criticism? Oh, that yeah, it looks like a bigger bear. Still looks like a bigger bear.

This is terrible. Well, this is terrible, Jack. It seems like your life has really gone downhill since the last time we saw you and through no fault of your own accidents happen certainly, but there's always a bright side. I am writing the bus now and I'm learning a lot about the city on the bus and you know, I do want to clear one more thing up. Okay, you know, a lot of people have been accusing the night wolf as being a super spreader because his mask doesn't cover the bottom part of his face. Oh, no, is this like the Batman mask where the nose and mouth aren't covered? Yeah. Oh, no. So wait, so he does that he is not okay. Oh, okay. Yeah, he's not doing that. Okay, have you had COVID, by the way? I did. Yeah. I got it pretty badly. Okay, great. Good to know.

All right. Well, we need to take a break. Can you stick around, Jack? Is that okay? Sure. Yeah, it's a long time till the bus comes back around this part of town. I got a long wait. Okay, great.

Well, we will be right back with a guy with an announcement.

Oh, this is I have been waiting at the edge of my seat wondering what this announcement is. So we'll finally figure out what it is. We'll be right back with more Jack Furs, more Edgar Wright, more Ron and Russell aka Sparks. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this. Comedy bang bang. We are back Edgar Wright and Sparks, the Sparks brothers coming out this Friday in cinemas, as they say in England in theaters, as they say here in the United States. And I don't know what they call it elsewhere, but you can bet how many countries is this Keikino, Keino in Germany, in Germany. Right. Okay, what about in La Francie? Cine Ma. Cine Ma. Of course. Did you guys ever live in Pali?

Did we ever what? Did you ever live in Pali? I'm saying Paris a little like they do there.

Oh, Paris. We did actually for a year. Fun. It was. Yeah.

No, it's the crime scene like there.

It's pretty cool. Pretty cool. Yeah, a lot of crime. A lot of crime. Okay. It's known for the city of crime. That's what they call it, the city of crime.

Apparently the knife wolf was there very briefly just waiting for planes to connect. Interesting.

Did you call him the knife wolf?

Because that actually is maybe better brand. Okay. Yeah, maybe we're on to something.

When in front he would be a Neuets Lupin. Oh, this is not that maybe a night we should just pack it up and move to France. That's not a bad idea. He's not getting a lot of traction here on the west coast. Yeah. It worked for Jerry Lewis. Sure did.

And he invented a video playback.

That's right. I was just trying to say something that would get Edgar interested.

What does he have? What is the award that Jerry Lewis has in France? The Legion to honor?

Yeah, the Legion of honor. Maybe the night. Maybe the night wolf is next. Maybe people don't get the night wolf. Yeah. The night wolf might need to do a telethon. I haven't found a cause yet, but that's a pretty good idea. Yeah. These are the night wolfs kids. These are all good at night wolfs kid. Maybe stay away from night wolfs kids. I don't know if Jerry's kids would really fly these days either. But we do need to get to our next guest.

And look, this is very exciting.

I've been hyping this up for the last hour. We have a guy with an announcement coming on the show.

Have you ever made an announcement? Yeah, please phone it.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

He's picking up his gear. That's good to see. Please welcome to... We don't need the smoke.

Please the Vaseline. Ron wants the Vaseline. This is exciting. He's a guy with an announcement.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, Buck Tango.

Thanks, Scott. Thanks for having me.

Hello. Yeah. Let's just get right to it, shall we? Let's Terry no further.

Let's get to that. I've been talking about this announcement. We don't want to have any kind of deferment. We don't want to have any sort of small talk, anything. We just want to get right to this announcement. By the way, this is Edgar Wright. Hello, Edgar. Hello, Ron. Hello, Russell. Oh, there. So, and this is Jack Furze over here.

Jack, good to see you. Thank you for filming me. This is... Is this enough Vaseline? We want to get to your announcement, of course, but is this enough Vaseline? You know, I mean, if we're trying to get to my level of acceptable for Vaseline, we're going to be here all day. So, that's this good for Ryan. I got a lot of Vaseline on there.

Okay. Well, I mean, look, Go nuts, my man. This is so this is just something that I need to just get. This is your announcement. We're getting to it. I think we should get to it. We don't want anything else in the way of this announcement. We want to get to it right now. Let's get right to it. Say, for years, for my entire life, I've been bullied. I've been persecuted by the cool.

Is this the announcement that you've been bullied? It's part of it. This is, well, this is not breaking news to me or anyone. Everyone knows. I'm a walking target. Well, you seem to be a weak feckless looking... I'm a little bitch. I'm just a... Well, if you want me to teach you some wolf jitsu, I do have a dojo where I do teach some self-combat.

What is wolf jitsu again? Wolf jitsu is my own patented brand of martial arts. Oh, that's right.

Yeah. So, and it's basically doing martial arts while making wolf sounds. Oh, yeah. I mean, if you want to simplify it.

It's reductive, but that's what it seems like. Yeah. Okay.

I'd be happy to learn a martial art.

I can tell you from experience. It's not helped me in any sort of way. I've tried bjj. I've tried karate. What's right now? BJJ? Brazilian jiu-jitsu.

Okay. I thought that was something else. I believe I've been on the receiving end. I've just been bjj's every once in a while.

I have tried it. So, yeah. I dabbled. I... They don't click.

I just can't... Because I'm so feckless. I'm so weak. I'm so weak. You're slight. I'm slight. I'm paper thin. I fold. You understand. Yeah. When you turn to the side, it's very difficult to see you. Yeah. That's why I'm facing this issue head on. And what I'm here to announce is that I'm building a mech. What?

I'm building a mech. I'm building a mechanized suit for me to exist there. Oh. Okay. Oh. Yeah. Okay.

All right. Great. I am... I gotta say, I'm sorry. I missed the shot. Oh my god. Oh no. You weren't filming? Yeah. I wasn't paying attention for a second. Were you vacillating that lens? This was my big thing. I'm sorry. Do we need to go back? I'm sorry. We can take it again. Let's do it again.

We're gonna do it with that kind of intensity. Okay. Edgar maybe direct him with what he needs to get into character here for a second. I just like, just like, just, you know, I need to kind of like just hit. Like just go a little slower. I kind of like, I missed it the first time. Okay.

Okay. So I think none of us understood what you were saying when you said mech too. That was the biggest problem. Sure. Yeah. No. Yeah. I see that there are a lot of issues. I was worried it was some sort of slur. I think a story would be a lot more compelling too with maybe some underscore, you know, yeah. Do you guys want to hum something maybe? I don't know. Yeah. Because it's kind of, it's kind of is really so far as kind of boring. I don't feel. Sure. Sure. Sure.

Sure. Sure. Sure. I would love. Okay. So I'll just get into it. You know, I was born. Okay.

Let it. Let it. We're rolling. Are we rolling? We are rolling. We have the Vaseline. Yes.

We're slopping some on. Okay. Now Edgar, we need you to say, of course, that magic word that I love to hear when I'm on set, which is action. I'll let you say that. And then Russell, since it was your idea, why don't you start humming, giving him a little underscoring. Here we go.

I spent my entire life in the shadows of bullies. One day, I've had my ass kicked every single day for it my entire life. No one gives me any sort of respect.

But that is not happening ever again.

For I have an announcement. I am building a mech. A what?

Yeah. Yeah. I thought you were going to clear this. So okay. So what a mech is is like, have you so great, by the way, thank you, Russell.

Thank you. Thank you. Yeah. That was I think we go that I'm going to add it. I think we got it.

If you were making this movie, Edgar, would you say we have it cut print or what would you would you desire another take? I would maybe like I'd say that was great. And then I would look over my producer and do a big Iro. Okay. Well, I'll tell you this. I'll take the music.

That was only that was only temp music by the way. Yeah.

Yeah. We'll pay for something. Sure. Yeah.

No, I'm open to feedback here. I am just like I'll explain what a mech is. So a mech is like a big like I mean mechanized like robotic suit that I'm going to wear to increase my size and stature.

So I'm no longer bullied. You understand? That's what a mech is. And this is a thing that exists.

It's like, you know, like have you seen it's perhaps like not on like a Gundam or like a Pacific rim type.

Sure. Yeah. I got a Pacific rim was. Were you giving a receiving? I think it was shared. Yeah. 5050. I just think if I increase my size and stature, maybe people will start taking me a little more seriously. It's not a big mech. It's just like a like I'm like I'm five.

I'm five like six five five and a half. You know, yeah, good day on a good day.

Day where you've been like sleeping upside down doing your stretches. Yeah, I do I slip. I sleep on one of those like an inversion table. So I'm always upside down. All the blood rushes to my head.

You are by the way, we should say for the listener, you are upside down right now.

I'm upside down. Yeah, I'm in I'm in inversion, which is maybe I when you said mech, I thought maybe you were upside down and I was hearing it wrong. Like it was Kim or something like that.

Maybe we had to solve some sort of riddle. Right. Yeah.

Like you yeah, it's a Passover this bridge over here. No, no no riddles involved. I I feel like it's a it's very straightforward. What I'm trying to do here, I'm just building a robotic basically an exoskeleton. And they see if you just said exoskeleton, I would have been with you. Yeah. If you said like the power loader and aliens, I would have been with you. Yeah, it's exactly. Okay. So yeah, the mech the mech thing sounded too close to an Irish slur for me. Oh, okay. Yeah. No, that's what we make that clear. Not none of that. I think our music too was I think the music was wrong. Yeah, I was a little over powering. I wasn't going to give you a note, Russell. But I mean, if I can, if we're talking about it, it's fine. It was it was all wrong. I mean, I'm going to self criticize a little bit.

I overdid it with the Vaseline. Are you looking at the footage now? I'm looking back at playback.

And it is a mess. It looks like a man go painting. Also, I'm looking back at the footage is that what like normal Vaseline, I would call it one civil shepherd in moonlighting. Yeah. I think you I think you went to five civil shepherds in moon. Yeah, you went to you went to 10 Barbara Walters with that. Yeah, I lose tailored it. Yeah. Yeah. Also, I got to say Edgar, the way you said action, it's not taste. I mean, yeah, I was going to give a note. I was going to say I wasn't really motivated to act better than what I how I perform. Yeah.

But you really want someone who's going to be like a take charge personality. And Edgar, he's just too nice. That yeah, I mean, I was like, okay, like I could I guess I could I can act. I can go now.

I guess. I mean, I guess this guy, I hear that Clint Eastwood doesn't say action at all. Clint Eastwood say just says, let's see what happens. That's it's longer than action. You know, he's making more work for himself.

Yeah, but you never know with that guy. I mean, before you know it, he might just be talking to a chair. Hey, and here's the other thing. Why not say, all right, make my day? Like that's his catch phrase.

Yeah, that people would start applauding. Yeah, that's true.

Okay.

Well, I got another one like on on Hong Kong action movies, like on Jackie Chan movies, they they just say go because it's one syllable because as I'm sure, you know, like action is two syllables. Yeah. If you like mistime the two syllables, something could go terribly wrong as well. You might make confused action and think there's action a foot. Yeah. And then drop everything and go rush to it. Well, I mean, that would that sounds like something the night wolf would do, not something you would. I suppose so. Yeah, or just any good citizen. I challenge any action to come my way in my new meck. Please stop saying meck. Yeah, at least say mecca or something. Okay, mecha. That sounds better. That sounds like the Holy Lamb.

Yeah. What's your what's your what's your first name again? My name's Buck. Buck Tango. Buck Tango.

Well, okay. So if you were in a Godzilla movie, you would be mecha Buck. See, I'm now I'm in. Now I'm sold. Yeah, that's how I prefer to be addressed when when in the mecha. I call me mecha Buck. I'm not good either.

Hearing it. So Buck. Yeah. So but look, this is why I brought it here. It's an announcement.

Let's beat him up. You don't even want to. You know, I implore you to fuck around and find out, Scott, because I'm wearing this thing. And I you're wearing it now. Yeah, I told you. It's not because I was describing you as you were. Like, as you look, so more nose that you're upside down. So we need you're saying it needs to be bigger. Is that what we're saying? You're not imposing at all.

Not not even a little bit. You weren't like you didn't see nothing. You heard me. I called you weak. I called you feckless. I, you know, I thought you're going off my headshot that I sent you when I auditioned. Thank you for that, by the way. Yeah, we cast on headshots here on the show.

I mean, I'm pretty intimidated, but I'm just a simple cameraman.

You're not the night wolf.

No. What would the night wolf make of this guy? You destroy this son of a bitch.

I'd like to see the night wolf try. In fact, I challenge the night wolf to a fight.

Holy shit. Okay. Well, if you're Buck, if you're five six, why are you five two in the Exoskeleton?

Yeah. Okay. Really uncomfortable. Do you have to crouch to get into it?

Well, when I built it, I sort of I 3D printed this thing and I had the dimensions just like a little off. Oh, nine tenth scale? Yeah, just about nine tenths, actually. Oh, no. And you know, it's um, it's killing my knees. It's, you know, it's not a problem I used to have at my stature, but these are the. Yeah, you have to squat the entire time you're in this squat. Yeah. And the old man, your butt looks amazing. Okay. Yeah. That's the thing. Everyone, everyone loves to get the props to your butt. Look, I got I got a wagon back there. Okay. And I won't make heads or tails about that. Only tails. Sure. But I implore anyone to try to fuck around with me.

Okay. Yeah. Oh, I'm not going to. Okay. No, I never would.

I'm just running the camera.

All right, Ron Russell, Edgar, anyone. Yeah. Anyone want to fight a buck tango here, anyone?

You wouldn't want a tango with buck tango. That's what I'm trying to get started as well.

You can't. It seems like you probably couldn't go downstairs in that suit.

Okay. Yeah. Well, no, if I'm on a floor, you know, above ground, I have to either, you know, get on an elevator because the knees don't bend.

They don't bend. Or yeah, I just tossed myself out of a window, but hopefully try to do that. That's like cool, like superhero land. But I always, I fucking up. I haven't practiced it enough yet.

It honestly looks like you're on the toilet in that suit.

Okay. Look, okay. Yeah. Did I build it in my on my toilet? Yeah. I mean, the downside is yes, it does look like you're on a toilet.

The plus side is it accentuates that big. Look, I got a big juicy can. Okay. And it couldn't fit it in a regular sized. What do you want? What shall we call it if it's making everybody uncomfortable?

Robot suit exos and exoskeleton. I mean, you look 36 24 36 if you're five two.

Those are my exact, sir, mix one special. Yeah. Cool. The sexoskeleton.

The sexoskeleton. Now I'm starting to like maybe, well, that's the thing. I'm not trying to, I'm not trying to be forward here, Edgar. I'm not trying to be like, I'm not trying to put an idea in somebody's head. I'm just trying to get taken seriously. It's hard not to. I mean, I love to watch you walk away. I hate to see you leave, of course. Well, I'm not trying to leave.

I'm trying to, I'm trying to make my presence known. I'm trying to tell anybody who's trying to fuck with me. To be honest, you don't look scary. Uh huh.

You look very sexy. Yeah. From behind.

I look like I'm on the toilet. You look like you're on the toilet and you look weak and shorter than you normally are. What good is this mech? I don't even like to say it. And you play, I mean, you're a cinematic ass model in a lot of ways. Michael Kane's ass. Michael Kane's ass. I'm the guy to talk to about this kind of stuff and look, he's out shining me here. I guess, you know, I, I sort of thought I was doing, you know, so this like, I, that's why I was like, can I, you know, I made a press in queers? I like to promote that I'm bigger now. But yeah, not working. He's not seems like, yeah, the butt is too, the butt's too good in my opinion. Yeah, that's stealing all the focus. So when I, so okay. So if I'm completely sideways, you can't see my entire body, but my butt is visible. You can see the cheeks. What you look like, you look like a shelf. Yeah.

This needs to have a documentary made about him. Yes. Edgar, are you interested in the story?

I would love to have people clued into my plight. Well, also, if I don't want to, I don't want to you shouldn't fabricate a storyline in the documentary. But say this appearance on comedy bang bang for you, Buck went really badly. Mm hmm. Just, just let's hypothesize. We're not saying it's going badly. No, no, no, no, no, no, I feel very secure. Came to me. He made a announcement.

He made a announcement. I, I, I, that is a W. Yeah. Here's, I'm, here's his why I'm thinking.

I've just got my film head on. Forgive me, but it goes badly. You go away. You've been scorned by the public and you go away and you think, like, I will have my revenge. Mm hmm. And then, of course, then and only then, can you become the supervillain you are and take on the night wolf. That's what I'm thinking. Well, I'd never even considered the supervillain angle. I guess I am pretty pissed off and I mean, you're out here asking to fight random people. I mean, you're, you're asking to fight a band. Yeah. With 25 albums to their credit. I didn't realize it was that many albums. If it was fewer, I'd maybe I could share a chance.

Sure. And Aerosmith with like 12 albums.

Yeah. Sure. Yeah. I could take on Aerosmith. With all that Vaseline. Oh, they'd be slipping in sliding all over the place. It couldn't make heads or tails with me. They got a lot of scarves.

Difficult, difficult to catch Aerosmith. Yeah. True. Well, slip slide around all the place.

Well, you seem like an angry guy. Not, not imposing, of course. I mean, your anger makes me laugh at you a little more than, than be frightened of you. I guess that's the thing I'm trying to remedy here. I thought building a robotic exoskeleton was going to really make me imposing, but it's in fact, made me, it's made me worse. That's super villain shit right there. You know, that's what Lex Luthor had the big, uh, uh, battle suits, you know, the purple and green battle suit? Yeah.

I did light it kind of villain-esque. Yeah. A lot of, uh, a lot of shadows. A lot of shadows.

Shot from below. The smoke. Yeah. Worms. I view. You dolly does well. You build a makeshift dolly here. Well, he was talking. I'm kind of handy with stuff when I'm in a bind.

But it's just not working. It's like Lex Luthor making that suit to distract us from the fact that he's bald. No, we're all looking at that head. Okay. Yeah.

I guess I shouldn't have modeled my entire, you know, life after, after Lex Luthor. Also, why did you shave your entire body?

So you wouldn't see my big fat ass. Right. Why is the ass exposed? It's like the, the, so fine. That movie where the, the jeans are clear, the ass, the ass, you know, it wasn't previously exposed. I did try, you know, it's, it's just a something that happened when I put it on.

I didn't weld the ass on properly and my, my, you gotta get a helper with that. A helper? Well, I'm, I'm self-sufficient here. I made this entire robotic exoskeleton myself. I made it with all my materials. Yeah, it's just not working. Tell you what, throw a punch here at Jack first.

Sorry about that. My wolf jitsu kicked in and I happened to just put you in an arm bar.

Oh, I didn't mean to do that normally. That's what happens with wolf jitsu, which is just kicks in whether you want it to or not. Yeah.

I guess, you know, the root of my problem is that why don't we don't care about the root of your problem? This is the thing nobody cares about me. You made your announcement. You're done. I'm fucking done. Do you have other announcements?

I mean, I'm interested in those. Yeah. Okay. I'm close to one of us. Okay. Okay. I got an announcement.

I'm going back to the drawing board on my exoskeleton. Good.

My new exoskeleton is in pre-production.

Bravo. That's it. Tango. Tango.

When does that drop in, by the way? Oh, you know, I made the last, it's, it's taking me, unfortunately, 15 years of work on this thing. So probably another 15. See, in 2036.

It's going to be another, yeah, 15 years. My then sparks will have another 25 albums out.

Yeah. Certainly.

Mager will have made another documentary about them. I won't fight them then. That's 50 albums to their credit. I could, I can never fight. No.

Aerosmith, they're done though. They'll still only have the 12.

So new exosuit dropping 2036. Yeah. Any other announcements?

When somebody has an announcement, how do you, are they supposed to have on deck just in case?

Backups. Three backups? Yeah. You know what? I, I, I'm in the, I can, I can make a smoke bomb.

Oh, okay. I mean, your wolf ears have pricked up. Metaphorically.

Yeah. I mean, I don't have them.

You know, I mean, I know my way around machinery, of course, because I did make this robotic exoskeleton and everybody seems to absolutely hate. But I know, I know how to make weaponry, all sorts of kinds of, I guess you could call them gadgets. Yeah. So the things you would put in a utility belt. Yeah. Cause the, my exoskeleton is chock full of them.

I have, there's like, uh, there, it has a smoke bomb thing. It's got like an electric ray.

Let me ask you this. Do you have a car? A car? Well, I can, I can easily fashion a car. It's like not a problem. But you don't actually own a car? No, no, no, no, no, no, but you could make one.

How long would it take you to make one? Well, I mean, the robot suit takes about 15 years.

I think I could, cars a little easier because I've seen more of them. So, what about just buying one?

Buy. Well, I'm not going to just buy somebody a car. Do you have a job?

My job is that I make, this is not a job. This is not a job.

Okay. Well, look, it's a sort of a private. I have, I have another pitch. I have another pitch.

Sure. I'm not, I'm not saying you are the night wolf, but Buck here could be your book. Are you saying the Buck Buck is the night wolf?

I never know. I'm saying that Buck could be Robin to like night wolf. Okay. Yeah. He could be like his, you know, sidekick. I love to be put in touch. I, you know, I mean, Robin was slighter than Batman and weaker and more laughable. Yeah.

Night wolf nine zero zero nine zero zero nine nine. Those eight numbers we talked about. Yeah. Yeah.

Who dad cop?

But Edgar, can I talk to you for a second? Yeah. Sure. When you said buck tango, isn't the night wolf? I start thinking maybe buck tango is the night wolf because we've, we don't know who the night wolf is. Yeah. We don't. He could be buck tango. He could be putting on this like, you know how Clark Kent and Superman were never seen in the same place.

And then suddenly you find out that Clark Kent is Superman.

I mean, like, he put on, he put on those glasses. Did you not hear this? I didn't like, I just thought, I thought Christopher Reed was playing two pots. Oh, he had a double role like in dead ringers. Yes. No, no, he actually was Superman. So maybe maybe buck tango is the night wolf.

I'm hit on something here. Okay. Well, he's not. He's not what? Were you not? Yeah. No, sorry to interrupt under you guys whispering, but I heard what you were talking about. It's not as crazy ideas. I think buck tango is the night. Well, I don't know. He's too small. I don't know for sure. But I know he's not.

Okay. I'm getting very defensive. Yeah. I mean, I wouldn't get that defensive. I wouldn't say I am not the night wolf. I, you know, could you how like an obese woman laughing?

I think so. Let me give it a try. Sounds to you. Well, that sounds pretty good. Yeah. I don't think he's the night wolf. All I'm saying, guys, is you have, you have one duo on this show. You have Ron and Russell Mailers, Fox and also on the show, you have the night wolf and mecca buck.

I'm telling you to do and then you and me are a duo. And we do. Wow. Yes. A trio of duos. A trio of duos. What a great title for this episode. Not exactly.

I mean, the night wolf is in here, but in spirit, I guess he's all around the city. Okay. Well, look, come back when you have a better announcement. That's all I got to say. I guess I'll think of an announcement. I'd love to make more announcements, but this is this is what I had.

Unfortunately, that one was no good, but look, we're running out of time. We just have one final feature on the show. And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Nice. Wow. That was Scott really wants a short plug song.

Take a note, so I appreciate that. That was by nuclear primavera. All right, guys, what are we plugging?

Obviously, we have the Sparks brothers coming up this Friday in theaters. We're plugging that, of course. Yes. Yeah. I think we're plugging that. We see where before the announcement.

That kind of likes, I think so. I overshadowed the whole show.

Kind of took the wins. I didn't mean to sort of steal your thunder, but thanks a lot.

Yeah. Sorry. I didn't mean to, you know, thunder stealer.

That's some good. Hey, I can get used to that. No, not for you. Sorry. Sparks brothers in kind of Kinos and cinemas and cinemas and theaters. And then also the Scott Ockermann cut is playing in one random.

Random theater. We won't tell you where it is. And then what are your other movies that are coming out? When does a net come out? Do we know? A net is premiering. It's the opening film of the Cannes Film Festival. Amazing. In July, July 6th. And then it's to be in theaters, I think shortly thereafter. Is it up for those prizes they give at the Cannes Film Festival?

It's in Competition. Oh my God. I bet that means competition, although I'm not sure.

It does. That means competition in English. Wow. I've been practicing saying thank you, Spike Lee in French. Oh, okay. There you go. Wow. That's going to come in handy, I hope.

That's amazing. That's quite an honor. And I saw the trailer for it. It looks so cool.

Thank you. Yeah. We're excited. In French at Rome is Merci Spike Lee.

Merci Spike Lee. Emily in Paris. Merci Spike Lee.

And Edgar Wendez one night in Soho. Oh, so close. Last night in Soho.

No, no, no. That's what I'm talking about last night, the one night.

Last night in Soho opens in October in the US. It comes out on October 22nd.

Oh, well, that's great. Three films for people to see, but most importantly, go out and see Sparks Brothers this Friday. And are you guys your midway through making a new record? Is that correct? Yeah, we are. Yeah. So that's thrown in. We're going to be touring in the first part of next year as well. So incredible.

Where can people get those dates?

Where do people get all their information about Sparks?

Well, if you go to the Sparks on Instagram and Sparks on Facebook, Sparks on Twitter, Sparks website.

But yeah, the US tour is going to be announced, I think in a couple of weeks. So we're doing a lot of shows, 17 shows in the States. And then we go to Europe and we're doing I think 70 and 18 shows in Europe and then to Asia as well. So yeah, incredible. You guys have a 2022 to remember.

This is going to be a packed year for you. I mean, following up on 20 is what was the best year to be in Sparks? Would you say, is it this year? Was it in the early 80s? Was it the 70s? What's like the most fun year you ever had in the bank? Well, I've never been particularly fun. So it's one long slog. That's the untold story of the documentary. They hate doing it.

No, I will say this this year, it actually, you know, just the idea of kind of being able to sustain things for so long. It really is, it almost feels like an athletic challenge to be able to kind of keep doing it at this point. So I feel best about these times.

An athletic challenge in Edgar is your athletic supporter, one might say.

Jack, do you want to plug anything here? Yeah, well, now that I've been riding the bus, I've been able to catch up on a lot of podcasts. I've been listening to the action boys podcast.

I hear that's a good one. It's good. I actually brought a real review. Oh, okay. This is an actual review. Let's hear a listener who knows one of the hosts. I listened to your action boys podcast.

It was a debasing foul and low experience to hear you speak.

Please don't ever resurface in my life again. You're not welcome. And that's somebody who listened all the way through. Yeah, someone who listened to an episode and you can have an experience like that for yourself.

How do people get a listen to this show? Is it on anywhere podcast or is it a Patreon?

It's a Patreon podcast. Go to Patreon action boys with a Z with a Z. Okay, wonderful. And that's every week, every week, every Monday, we break down.

They break down. Wait, is Nightwell part of this? No, but I think he would enjoy it. Okay, good to know. Classic action film. Good to know. I want to plug. Look, Three-dom is my other podcast with Paul F. Tonkins and Lauren Lapkis and myself just talking, playing games. That comes out on Thursdays. Everyone should listen to that.

Now, Buck Tango, I'm going to give you a little time to plug something. Great. This is another announcement. Honestly, if it goes over like the whole mech conversation, look, I love to plug some future announcements. There will be there's TBD announcements to come. And then I also, while I was making my my my suit, my exoskeleton, I was listening to this podcast about this the band Weezer called What's With These Homies Talking About Weezer hosted by this comedian, Matt Apadaca. He he talks to his famous friends who do favors. You must be a fan of this because you're wearing a Weezer hat right now. And that's the only article of clothing other than your mech suit. Well, yeah, it's I you know, I like to sort of model myself after the people that I listen to because I'm a big fan. I'm a big fan of this guy.

Sure. Because I so I listen to his podcast and I also watch him stream video games on Twitch at twitch.tv slash bad Apadaca. This guy, I just I love him. I use these the back. Can't get enough of him.

I can't get it. I can't get it. He's the he's the Weezer of comedians. Whatever that means to you.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Sometimes he's good and sometimes he sucks. All right. Well, let's close up the old plug bag. When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist. Then you find that you're getting a little I miss you think you're crying and you know what to do. Get off in there and do what you do. You gotta boy, these are worse and worse. Yeah, that was they shorted the closed bag market by Steve Bush.

Thank you, Steve Bush. I guess. Thank you. Thank you. That was quite a ride. Guys, I want to thank you so much Edgar. Thank you so much for appearance number four on the show. Let's make it number five sometime. Yes, please. Wonderful. And let those be the last words we speak to each other. Yes, yeah. And Ron Russell, big fan of you for years. Of course, I'm in your movie saying as much.

Thank you so much for look, there's a lot of podcasts you can choose to be on. Thank you for choosing to be on this one. Thank you. Yeah, it was a pleasure. Thank you. Ron, you're just nodding.

Yeah, I need a verbal. I need a verbal. You're welcome or something like that.

Just go and Russell see what's a pleasure. Okay, you're going. We'll go with him. Okay. Yeah, Jack Furs. Look, you you set the camera down. I oh shit, I did. Oh god, damn it. I missed everybody's thank you. And buys. No. Well, that's on me.

Yeah. Scott, let me turn the camera around and get on this side of the mic. I just want to thank Scott for letting me put the word out about my stolen car. Yeah, if anyone sees that, it's it says Wolf Mobile spray painted. What's the license plate? It's N T W L F and T W L F. What an interesting string of letters and the passenger seats real scratched up because payback gets antsy. Oh, okay.

Yeah. Okay, good to know. And hey, Buck Tango, I would thank you for being on. But yeah, yeah.

Okay, well, we'll see you in 15 years. What do you say?

Yeah, let's take it 15 years for sure.

Okay, great. Well, we'll see the rest of you. We'll see you next time we have an episode, which is next week. All right, we'll see you then. Thanks.

Bye.
