♪♪♪ Whoever kills Carrot Top gets Santa Claws into a slightly beefier Carrot Top body.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I... two seconds ago realized I didn't pick one, and so I pulled up the old website, and the first one I saw I read, so I hope you enjoy that.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Stop Eating Bees.

Boy, Stop Eating Bees has got a lot of catchphrases on lately. Wow.

Yeah, it is a wow.

And that is a palindrome, my friend, and we'll be talking palindromes a little later with our special guests.

Coming up a little later, by the way, my name is Scott Ockerman.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Exciting show today we have an inventor coming up.

We have a spokesperson.

Before that, though, we have, I guess, there are spokespeople in their own way.

They are also inventors of words that come out of their mouths, and they have a new podcast where they're debuting their inventions, their words, called Did You Get My Text?

And it is out now wherever podcasts are sold, and I do hope you guys are selling these.

Please welcome...

Okay, well, let me run down some of the credits.

He's an old friend of the show.

Stand up comedian has been in movies such as Big Fan and Young Adult.

Which I was good in.

You were very good in those movies.

That is a callback to something that we were talking about before.

That's not just Patton saying that he's good in a movie.

That's a callback to a previous conversation.

I could have been great, but I was good.

Okay, all right.

And she has been in movies such as The Journey of Natty Ganne.

Dream...

Why, little dream.

And other things, they have this new podcast together as...

By the way, Lake Placid, which I saw in a group with you, Scott, at the old Galaxy Theater.

A whole bunch of us went and saw Lake Placid.

Was Lake Placid again?

With Oliver Placid.

And Oliver Placid.

Did he change his name after that movie?

Can't I?

Because he was such a big hit.

You know...

Wait, I saw Anna Conda with you.

I don't know that I saw Lake Placid, my man.

You know it.

Big animal.

That's a galaxy, my good answer.

And but I went back to the galaxy with another big group of us.

Yeah.

All saw Lake Placid.

I don't believe that's how Lake Placid.

I'm sorry to say.

By the way, speaking of that long black thing, it'll amplify your voice a little more.

If you're right.

Have you ever done a stamp comedy before?

You know what?

I did Conan last night and it went pretty well.

And I'm thinking of maybe...

Maybe I'm gonna...

You could try it out.

I love that it was leaning back to me.

You know, Scott, welcome.

I'm done!

That was wrong with me.

Ruminating upon Lake Placid.

Yes.

Welcome back to the show, Padnaus.

Well, then for the first time Meredith Salander.

Hello, guys.

Hello, hello.

Thanks for having us.

It is indeed my pleasure.

And I mentioned it briefly, but you guys, this is your first podcast as a married couple.

Have you done podcasts before getting married together?

Or is this the first podcast as both a non-married or married couple?

We literally just got married.

Yeah.

Really?

Just right before this?

Like right before.

In the other room?

Yep.

Holy shit.

Look, you guys built that little chapel over there.

It is here.

We have the oldest impersonator there.

Very convenient.

We had a mask on.

I had no idea.

Yeah.

And it wasn't an Elvis mask.

Jim Carrey and Ace Ventura mask.

Very weird.

Very strange.

Neither of us have ever done a podcast.

And then we...

We've been guests, but never hosts.

Oh, guests, right.

It's an entirely different thing.

Oh, yeah.

An entirely different skill set.

Basically, when you're the host, you got to be as dumb as possible.

And ask stupid questions.

And let the guests run.

The problem is it's just me and Pat.

So, yeah, I guess you're as dumb as you possibly can be.

Then I'm not.

I think ours is one of the many podcasts.

It was a slam.

And notice how I just pulled her with her right back.

That's a slam.

Like a real king of queens type of situation.

Which, of course, Pat was on, but not.

I'm saying as the titular king of queens.

I would know if anything, I was a nave of queens.

I was one of the co-stars.

So, this is one of the many podcasts that came out of the pandemic.

Two people trapped in a house.

Mm-hmm.

And we realized...

Which house were you trapped in?

Was this a haunted house that you were trying to win?

From a billionaire who said if you can stay the entire night.

By the way, in that house, the house on a haunted house, one of the challenges of staying in the haunted house was, like, skeletons just came out.

Like, that would be...

Right.

For some reason that someone's, no, I'm out.

I can't not even bring a skeleton.

No, I'm not a skeleton.

Oh, no.

Put some flesh and muscles on there.

Yeah, that's where I draw the line.

No, you can keep the million bucks.

I'm not looking at a skeleton.

Yeah, was anyone attacked in that movie?

Or...

Well, they just, like, they just bought a boat.

They're floating around?

Yeah, they're just kind of people would buy it.

They'd float around all you want if I'm going to win a house at the end of this.

I don't care.

Just close your eyes and hide in your sleeping bag.

It'll be over soon.

Yeah.

What do you care?

Like, don't walk through the house.

Right.

Don't go through the scary dimes.

Exactly.

Just stay in one corner.

Yeah.

Bear cage yourself.

Close your eyes.

Stay in the morning.

I think a lot of podcasts came out of the pandemic.

I really do.

And I think this was us being stuck together and then realizing, oh, wait a minute.

We're never more than 60 feet apart in this house.

And only he was texting each other all day.

You have a tiny tiny house, by the way.

It's 60 feet by 60 feet.

That was it.

Yeah.

360 square feet.

Yeah.

But we met.

We met.

There's a pool, which I was like, what's going on here?

But you know what?

It's a Murphy pool.

It folds back up into the side of the house.

We like, we need that space during the day.

So we have a Murphy pool.

Does Morgan Murphy sleep in a Murphy bed?

If not, she should get a whole line of them together.

This is her calling, I feel.

Yes, absolutely.

You were saying Meredith.

Well, I was just saying we're much more comfortable texting each other because when we first met, we texted each other for three months.

Right.

Two hours every night before we even spoke on the phone or met in person.

Were you surprised at what your voices sound like?

Patton's voice.

I mean, maybe you saw Ratatouille once or twice beforehand.

So you had an inkling.

I actually said like right before we were supposed to meet each other, we had set a date.

And I said, we should probably talk on the phone.

And then he's like, OK, I'll call you.

And then he called and I go, hello.

And he's like, hello.

And I go, I can't do this.

And I go, I click.

And then I think I called him back a minute later.

I'm like, this is so weird.

Yeah, it was very, very surreal.

So this is two months of texting.

What were three months of texting?

Did you have unlimited data?

What was going on?

We look, I hate this.

I hate to give him credit, but Facebook brought us together.

Oh, thank you, Zucky.

Zucky, Zucky helped me get lucky.

Yeah, we were.

If you ever run into it, please just say that to him.

Zucky helped me get lucky.

And then waggle your eyebrows.

Yeah, and then I'll get I'll get Tae's by his security.

We basically, we were on a, we have friends in common and a friend of hers, Martha Plimpton, likes to throw these dinner party slash salons where she invites very.

That's a fancy term.

If you've never been to a salon, if you're in the middle, if you're in the flyover stage, you're not on one of the coasts.

A salon is basically like, it's a dinner party, but people bring up intellectual questions toward the end of it and you have to act smart.

Is that essentially what that is?

Well, no, it was more like, I have all these random, interesting friends and they should probably meet each other and 12 people were invited.

He didn't end up coming.

Everybody went, I texted the next day.

I was like, Martha, best dinner party ever.

Dude, you missed the best fucking lasagna.

And then he happened to be online and he's like, oh my god, I was supposed to be there.

And then we ended up being online at the same time when we were texting each other back and forth for like two hours.

And he's like, this is fun, same time tomorrow.

And I was like, all right.

And my mom literally was like, I was single for 100 years.

She's like, you're never going to meet anybody at home when you're pajamas.

And literally I was home in my pajamas.

Yeah, you went to the dinner party.

Yeah.

And you didn't meet anyone there.

Why weren't you at the dinner party, Pat?

What is going on?

I know exactly why.

I had flown in from Austin, Texas, that one.

Oh, were your arms?

And feeling exhausted?

You know, it's where my arms were so tired.

I'm like, I can't lift a stoop spoon.

What am I?

So I just stayed.

And by the way, if I had gone to that dinner party, we would never.

It never would have happened.

No, because I would have been jet lagged.

Hi.

No.

Sweaty.

Yeah.

Still wearing your life preserver.

I'm presuming the plane went down.

Yeah, exactly.

And I swam to shore.

You were on that sully plane, weren't you?

I was on the, hey, you know, there you go.

So get a call on the Hudson.

All those souls were saved.

People in a really, how valuable are the souls on a commuter flight to a manhattan, really?

Are they that valuable?

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

Where was he going?

Where was he supposed to land?

I don't know.

You don't hear about that.

You know what I mean?

Where was he going?

It's like, dude, land where you're supposed to land.

And then you'll be a hero.

Instead, you're landing in the middle of the fucking water.

Get the fuck out.

Yeah, right.

Anyway, guys.

Anyway, gang.

So you guys met you, you fell in love over text.

And then nowadays you're in your home, and you're texting back and forth, because that's how you communicate.

That's our mode, man.

I really, it's much easier to communicate that way.

I understand.

I do that with my wife, too, is like even, even, literally if we're even just 20 feet away, and I don't want to slightly raise my voice.

I'm just, no, I'm just working, director.

Yeah.

Yeah, we've been sitting side by side in bed watching something.

I've texted her something like, the fuck is this?

Like, you couldn't just turn comment on what we're watching you, idiot.

You think the actors in the TV will hear you?

Oh, my God.

What if I'm afraid?

I don't want, oh, my God.

I want to insult them.

I don't want Ian McShane coming through the screen and punching me.

So then what is the show?

Did you get my text?

Is it you guys just talking to each other?

Do you have guests?

Are you texting each other constantly during the show?

Because I don't know if that would make a very compelling podcast.

We just text each other.

Yeah.

It's in your head.

It's a silence.

You can hear us clicking.

OK, you turn your sounds on.

OK, that's good.

Well, I like the clicks.

It's like when you play backgammon in the dice roll and you can hear that rolling dice.

Yes.

It's just a backgammon game.

We just like the sound.

And people have to figure out the code from the clicks.

Right.

And how many are out?

Yeah, that's it.

This sounds great.

It's really good.

Oh, it's a bit of every other podcast.

It's voices people talking.

It's like I've screwed up already.

Like we've covered the human voice.

It's like, get the fuck out of here.

Right?

This is my new guy.

I really enjoy doing it.

So yeah, we basically go through our text threads and say, hey, you sent me this.

Or if we see something because we're always we text like we see something online and go, oh my god, read this or look at this big.

And then it just.

If you see something text something.

If you see something text something out.

And then we finally sit down and talk about the things we've been texting all week.

Are these the current texts?

Or are you going through the classics when you were courting over the three months?

Or maybe that'd be like once a month or something.

You go to do do you get my text classics?

Oh, we should do.

Wow.

That's a brilliant.

You just gave us a whole segment.

You get a percentage.

I give these away for free.

I know podcasts.

All right.

That's what we're going to do.

Any podcast advice you need?

Come to me, baby.

Oh my god, please.

Dude, we're talking to podcasterman.

You're talking to one of the guys on Mount Podmore.

It's me, Conan O'Brien, Mark Marin.

And whoever the woman is who did serial or whatever the fuck it was called.

That's it.

To the foreman.

Now, Pat and Oswald and Marit own.

Yeah.

You go, well, I mean, you're climbing up the mountain.

You're like Jimmy Stewart.

Yeah.

We're taking it.

Holding on for your life.

It's like that first time you're in a movie.

But you like went in Oscar for the first thing you've done.

That was scary.

Did that happen to you with Journey and Nat again?

I wasn't paying attention to that year.

I didn't act.

That movie was nominated for an Oscar.

Was it which one?

Best Oscar?

Is it?

Who is it?

Best costume.

Best costume?

Who's costume?

Was it you with a hat?

Yep.

Whoa.

That's pretty good.

That's an iconic image.

Yeah, it is.

You and a hat.

We didn't win.

But that's OK.

I was nominated for Best Actress at the Youth and Film Awards.

And I did win.

Oh, for what?

Best Actress in the movie.

Oh, I mean, for what movie, I guess.

The Journey of the movie.

Oh, the same movie.

OK.

That's a good one, I guess.

There's like the Youth and Film Awards, which is like the mini Academy Awards for People Under 25.

So it was like me and Drew Barrymore.

And she was nominated for Firestarter.

I won.

It just goes to prove if you want to win Best Oscar for costumes, put a hat on your characters.

It's like, what are you stopping at the neck?

That's not Oscar worthy.

No.

Put on a cap.

Yeah.

Get out of here.

Get the fuck out of here.

Sorry.

I didn't want you to get it.

I appreciate it.

Yeah.

I'll give you podcasts.

Oh, so you give me comedy advice.

I'm going to use some.

So this comes out every week, or does it.

And everyone's saying.

This is when I'm running out of questions, by the way, is when I get into scheduling.

Do you guys sit in a chair when you're recording?

Do you have a beverage nearby?

Totally scrape in the bottom of the barrel.

I think it's every Tuesday, right, honey?

Every Tuesday, a new one, a new one drops.

A new one.

And is this what you're going to be doing for the foreseeable future?

That's interesting.

Yeah.

Why stop?

Why not?

Why stop?

Because we're constantly texting each other.

So why not?

Yeah.

It's fun.

Do you guys record it at home?

Is that?

Yeah.

Although this past month, we've been recording it over Zoom because I've been in.

Oh, thank you.

Cheers.

Doing a movie in Syracuse.

Yeah.

Wonderful.

Cheers.

Syracuse.

A great creative collaboration.

Fantastic.

Well, look, this sounds dynamite.

Did you get my text?

Nope.

Did you text us?

Oh, this is a good bit.

I know.

I enjoy this bit.

I know.

You did.

You've done this before.

Anyone's done a bit like this before?

Never.

I didn't get your text.

No, the plug.

It's out on Tuesdays, but you can binge however many episodes are out right now.

You can get to these.

They're all out and listen to it every week.

And you're not on Mondays, which is good because that's my day.

Yeah.

Well, that's why we didn't do it.

Thank you very so much.

Do not do it on his day.

No, the guys over at the, they were like, just don't even, I don't even want you to say Monday out loud because she'll know.

But you just did.

Well, but like in a, I mean, you were counting a conversation.

It was really sad.

I was the one who said, hey, it's like I'm describing someone who drew Muhammad.

I didn't draw him.

OK, same thing.

All right.

Please.

Well, this is good shit.

Did you get my text out now?

We need to get to our next guest if that's OK.

Is it?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Why now?

Why wouldn't we?

We have so many great guests.

Why Terry?

We have an inventor.

And he's been on the show before.

A really interesting guy.

He has invented a few things.

I remember one is there's some sort of maneuver that he invented.

Please welcome back to the show Henry Heimlich.

Hello, Scott.

How are you?

I don't really well.

It's great to see you.

Good to see you.

This is Patton.

This is Meredith.

Hello, Patton.

Hello, Meredith.

How are you?

Do you know these guys' work?

Do you ever see that famous hat on that again?

Yes.

Yes, it was a big hat.

No, no.

You're you're you're climbing a sombrero right now.

I was thinking of the guys who play the music.

No, no, no, no.

That's the.

You're actually band based.

No, no, no.

That's not where you think it is.

Nat again had.

What?

She was like a.

Yeah, it was like.

Little newspaper man.

Yeah.

We got we guys newspaper men in that movie.

You and John Q.

Zach John Q. Zach was a drifter.

Oh, just a homeless dude looking for work.

Unhoused.

We say.

Yes.

That's what we say.

Not back then.

No, he was he was a hobo.

Yeah.

But what is hobo?

Is it hopping box cars?

What does hobo stand for?

That is interesting.

I didn't realize it was.

I found a hopping trains to get.

Oh, you have movie homeward bound.

In that same cap.

No, you think that movie had a dog too.

Yes, it did.

You ever see a movie journey of Nat again?

She took a journey.

Yeah, it does.

So you're at the Mexican restaurant.

No, you're thinking of your thinking of going to a Mexican restaurant and a mariachi thing.

Yes.

You're really stuck on that hat.

I mentioned one hat and you are thrown.

I got very thrown.

Yeah.

Well, nice to meet you guys.

I'm very excited.

My name is Henry Heimlich.

Welcome back to the show.

Yeah.

Thank you for having me.

I mentioned you invented something.

I couldn't quite remember what it was.

Is it Heimlich maneuver?

Oh my goodness.

No, that's you.

That's me.

Oh, whoa.

You're a titular Heimlich.

Yes, I use you sneak up behind someone.

That was right.

I remember.

I didn't know that that was.

The last time he was on, I remember we talked about this a lot.

You meant it for it to be a sneaking surprise with it.

Yes, people are so obvious with the maneuver now.

But I originally, when I invented it, I wanted to be more of a sneak.

You see some funny choking on cheese, handful of nuts.

Yeah.

So things like this.

We know what the typical thing is.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Little cube of meat.

Yes, we would like to get you.

Unshoot.

You know.

Oh, that sounds like that's exactly what it sounds like.

Did you hear the sound first and you were like, I got to solve this?

Yes, I heard the sound.

And then afterwards, people were like dying.

And I was like, what is this?

How many dead people did you see before you were like, I got to do something.

I got to get involved.

Yeah, I know.

Of, ignore deaths from me.

And I'm a thoracic surgeon.

So this was tough for me to put up with.

Sure, of course.

And I was like, what is happening?

People say this is choking.

They're, when it goes on their wind pipe.

So I said, what can I do?

What you know?

All the technical terms.

Yes, wind pipe.

Sure.

Yeah, all the pipes.

Oh, no, I don't.

They call it blood pipes.

Blood pipes, I believe.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Poop pipe.

Oh, okay.

Sure.

Yes.

You know, I mostly specialize in the heart, but you sneak up to the side.

The love pipe.

Yes.

Oh, that's right.

The love pipe.

Yes.

And the love tube.

Yes.

Sure.

Okay.

You put the love pipe in the love tube.

I feel like we're getting way in the weeds on technical terms here.

And I just, I want to get back to the how you came up with the Heimlichman.

Yes, well, I was tripping on mushrooms and it's in the woods.

And I saw an angel who was ignoring me, who was eating a Starbucks snack pack.

And she started choking.

And I came up behind her and I gave her.

You wanted to surprise her.

I wanted to surprise her.

And she said, what are you doing?

Who are you?

Why are you speaking?

Right.

And angels are corporeal.

You could grab them.

Did we cover this?

Yes.

I was covered on the previous episode.

I don't know if that part was covered, but now then hindsight, it must have been just a person that looked like an angel.

Are they sort of like, you know, the vision where, you know, sometimes solid, sometimes, you know, you go right through them or?

No, I grabbed them and it was, it must have been your experience.

Okay, but it was just a person?

It was just a person now that I think about it eating a snack pack in the woods choking.

Oh, okay.

But I was high on mushrooms.

Sure.

And I, I, I've squeezed the shit out of them.

Our Elvis and person here is getting very excited.

Yeah.

Which, here, she looked like an angel.

He's like, is that my cue, baby?

Help.

Get the fuck out of here.

Thank you.

Oh, thank you.

That is what you did.

Yes.

That is a bit.

So you, you came up with that.

Yeah, you squeezed the shit out of them and they spit out the handful of nuts.

Small cube of meat.

We've gone through all the.

Yeah, very well.

You know, you know what you can choke on.

Yes.

But yes, I'm very excited because chocings are up.

Maneuver is back.

The world is opening up.

Yeah, people weren't going out to restaurants.

They were all like, Meredith over here.

They are all like at their homes where.

Eating very slowly at home.

Yes.

At a restaurant you're talking, you choke on some meat.

Yes.

Right.

You're just scarfing stuff down.

You're having fun with your friends.

But, but with restaurants back, people are choking at home.

They never choked.

Nobody giving a heimlich at home.

No.

No, I know.

It's never happened.

Like what percentage of times have been at home, would you say?

Zero?

It's hard to get them documented because we have it on the record.

There are a lot of people.

Once you choke and someone gives you the heimlich, there needs to be a website where you log on and go, I got it here.

Exactly.

And like they do, you know, sort of tracing.

Heimlich tracing.

Yeah, heimlich tracing basically.

Yeah.

But you can in the, in the, usually in the news story.

And maybe there would be like, you would look at some restaurants and go, wow, they have a lot of chocings and you like figure out, well, oh, they are having tiny cubes of meat everywhere.

Yes.

They take them off the menu and everything.

And full of nuts.

Sure.

Like a zag at rating, but for choking.

Yes.

Exactly.

Yes.

Oh, here's a hot spot.

Yeah.

Or, or themed restaurant for choking.

Oh, okay.

Wait.

So you like, you like choking?

Is that what I, I'm sort of love choking, but the maneuver is a, it only works if someone's choking.

Exactly.

You like doing the maneuver.

I love the maneuver.

How often do you do this?

Yes.

I have only done it one time to this woman in the woods, so I thought it was a day.

Well, you've only done it once.

You've only done it once.

You're holding it.

It never happens around me.

People are like, that's him.

And so they're always careful with what they're eating.

They chew on two seconds.

They're like, okay, I'm like, you're not going to get me today.

Right.

Never.

They're very aware of their mastication around me.

So it's just a problem for me.

I'm dying to see someone maybe choke and I get to you.

Yeah.

Do it in real life.

Never.

Yes.

It's a really big year.

I'm excited.

The maneuvers out there.

It's back, baby.

Back, it's the summer, the summer of the maneuver, hot maneuver summer.

Oh, is it hot, Heinrich summer?

Hot, Heinrich summer.

Are choking.

During the summer, is that usually when the truck's?

Yes.

Because food expands in the heat.

Oh, my gosh, that's right.

It gets huge.

You eat the cheese, the little cheese and it's loaded in bam in your throat.

I mean, think of the state fairs and carnivals.

That food is designed to show.

Yeah.

Oh, yes.

The corn dogs, the cotton candy, the way that would, oh, my goodness.

The stickiest stuff in the world.

It just gets trapped in there.

It's a perfect place to go around.

I encourage you to learn some maneuver from a middle school teacher.

Now if we're adults and we don't know it, we have to go back to middle school just for that?

No, no, no, no.

You have to go the whole year old.

But that's who knows it the best.

Okay.

So what, I just walk up to them on the, like, I don't think if I were to go to a middle school, I would be allowed in there.

Somebody who's very tired underpaid spending their own money on supplies.

Exactly.

You must be part of the education system here in this country.

Can I, can you teach me the maneuver?

They will teach you.

And then you can go around and tip them, tip them well.

Absolutely tip.

Like one or two dollars at least.

Yes.

Make it rain for the teachers.

Get rain.

But now, Henry, you're not here to talk about that.

No, no.

What are you here to talk about?

Well, you know, everybody is, is obsessed with the top 10 ways to die.

I don't know what the, oh, oh, I see.

The top 10 ways to die.

What are the, I don't know that everyone's obsessed about it.

Have you read about this pattern, Meredith?

Tripping.

Tripping is a trip.

That's on the list.

Oh, tripping, really?

Yeah.

Not the kind of tripping you were doing in the list.

Oh, not that kind of.

But when you walk on the street, it's that, it's that sidewalk that's just up, people trip over that and they die.

Oh, yeah.

The worse.

That's the number one.

Tripping heart disease.

These, they don't have a good buzz to them.

No.

Um, uh, cancer.

Sure.

Tough stuff.

We have enough people trying to cure the top 10.

And these are all heroes, of course.

Of course.

But choking is number five for children under five.

Okay.

So, that's also tough stuff.

It's tough stuff.

Yeah.

We don't want to talk about that, but it's very important.

We don't want to talk about it, but it's very important.

It's very important.

We're important, but we do not.

We're not going to talk about it.

It's very important.

Very important though.

Very important.

As our pools for children under five, but we're not talking about that.

Please.

I'm not going to talk about that.

Get back to whatever it is your point with.

You can teach, there are these clas- nevermind.

There's these classes for infants to learn how to float.

It's unbelievable.

Okay, good.

Okay.

You don't want to talk about that.

It's too sad.

But you can't teach someone not to choke, right?

No, but choking is 150 most common way to die for an adult.

Okay.

100, it's that low.

Yes.

Pretty low.

So I was like, what do I do now that I've cured the choking issue?

Right.

What are other things I can focus on?

So I'm starting to develop other things for 150 through however many we get through.

I guess I don't know what you mean.

Are you talking?

Oh, okay.

150 through 170 most common ways.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

Yes.

You've brought these with you.

Okay.

So I'm going to talk about the first two counter-ackeys.

Manuvers and classes and I'm not sure yet.

All right.

Where are you from, by the way?

I think we talked about your southern Germany.

Southern Germany.

Okay.

So there's a little bit of a twang in every one.

Every once in a while, yes.

Tell you what, Henry.

Yes.

Let's hype this.

We're going to take a break.

I mean, we come back.

We're going to go through as many as we can before we get tired of this.

Yes.

Is that what's going to happen?

And they're not ordered in funnies.

So you take us out when you feel like it.

Okay.

Got it.

All right.

Let's go to a break.

When we come back, we're going to have more Henry Heimlich.

We'll have more Pat Naswell.

We'll have more Meredith Salinger, more comedy bang bang after this.

Whoo.

Come on.

We are back.

We have Pat Naswell, Meredith Salinger of the Did You Get My Text podcast.

Are you guys enjoying working together so much that you're going to start doing other projects together?

You're going to start doing TV shows, movies together.

Are you going to start doing every other line of Pat and stand up?

What is going on here?

I will now be on stage with him at every show.

Editing and no, you know, everyone's like, get your wife off the fucking stage.

That's the title of your new album.

Get your wife off the fucking stage.

Get your fucking fucking...

Get your wife off the fucking stage.

Get your fucking...

Get your wife.

Hey, tell your wife, get the fuck out of here.

I would love to do stuff with her TV movies.

No, no, no.

We're good.

We're just going to do it with the podcast.

It's too much work already.

You know, it's a thing.

It was really nice when we were doing Zoom because when we sit next to each other to do it, he like, like, moves his leg a little bit.

I'm always like, stop it.

I'm not nervous.

You're driving me crazy.

And I eat on Mike a lot, which tries or not.

Okay.

Well, he said that that's a thing that people do in real life.

And I'm like, yeah, but you don't do those things on the mic.

Be careful.

No, that is true.

People do...

Yeah, be careful.

Be careful.

That's the thing.

You can show.

That would be a terrible thing to have.

Suddenly to watch your loved one die on Zoom.

Oh, yes, and it's in perfect audio.

There's a lag.

Like, you don't even know the time of death.

Like, he either died at like 4th, 13th.

It could have been 4th, 14th.

It was really laggy.

I'm not sure.

Oh my gosh.

Sucks.

We also have Henry Heimlich, who is the inventor of the Heimlich maneuver.

Hello.

Several other...

We talked about it right before the break, but he has several cures for common maladies that are wind up in fatalities.

Yes, there's a low on the list.

Low on the list fatalities.

They're 150 and above.

And above.

So we're going 151, 152 and up?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We're going up and, you know, these are like globally 3 to 5,000 people a year.

Okay, that's not that much.

Yeah, globally, that's not that much.

But if it were to happen to someone you knew, that would be terrible.

Yes, it's tragic and nobody's...

It only takes one.

It's one forgotten.

Like, I don't know 3,000 people.

So if, you know, 3,000 people die, who cares?

But if one of my good friends dies, you'll be devastated.

Yeah, exactly.

All right, so...

It depends on how much you know this person.

All right, so what have we got?

So we got falling on head off a ladder into a bucket.

So we have...

Okay, wait, that's 151.

Yes, that's 151.

Just under choking?

Just under choking.

I'm sorry.

3000 people is...

Sounds like a high number for that very specific...

But it's globally.

It's globally.

3000 buckets in the world.

One thing about it, anytime you're getting on a ladder, usually a bucket at the foot of the ladder.

True.

Okay, so...

Some of these are written off as falling head first into bucket off of ladder.

It could also be the circus.

It could be...

Like, Dumbo kind of situation.

Yes, diving into the little bucket.

That's exactly the most of it happens.

Yes, so we have to sturdy up these ladders and we have to...

Okay, but what's your solution?

Yeah.

Yeah, what's the maneuver?

Or are you just saying what the deaths are?

No solution.

No, no, no.

I have solutions.

Oh, OK.

Clear solutions.

I'm trying to figure out exactly how to help you.

So what you want to do is you want to sneak up to somebody who's working on the side of their house.

You want to sneak up to them?

And they're not falling yet.

They're not falling yet, and you want to be very quiet.

So they're up there.

They probably have rag bag bag bag bag bag bag bag bag.

In there, look it, they're going to scrub the side of the house, and you stand there, and you wait for them to fall, and you catch them.

OK.

And that's the maneuver.

That is the maneuver.

Before they hit the bucket.

Before they hit the bucket, they're coming down headfirst, and you catch them.

OK.

Interesting.

Yes.

So that's a possibility.

It seems like it would take a lot of time out of your day.

Yeah.

Yes.

But if you're obsessed with saving people's lives like me, I'm so selfless.

So I have to be on the lookout.

I understand.

But I also don't even know how many times I've ever walked around my neighborhood and saw someone up on their roof.

Like maybe once a year.

Well, you have to be careful when this happens, because if that's your friend you talked about up there, you would want to save them.

OK.

So maybe more of a neighbor.

Would I feel good if I saved a neighbor?

Yes.

Probably.

Unless it was the neighbor that cut the hedge between your that neighbor, maybe you don't want to see.

I trouble some neighbor, an annoying neighbor, stay away when they're on the left.

OK, got it.

What's 152?

OK.

Motorcycle threw a Chipotle storefront.

This is common.

Like crashing.

What would be the numbers on this?

3,000.

This is around 3,000.

So a little under 3,000.

How are we getting down?

We're going well.

2,9, 7, maybe.

Yeah, this is mostly Arizona Chipotes.

OK.

Wow.

So that, hang on.

We just went from globally, which seemed like a high number to me, to a very specific area, which seems impossibly high.

Yes.

It's very surprisingly getting out of control.

Is that because of the number of Chipotes or motorcycles or accommodations for people excited to get to Chipotle?

Well, I've looked around and I do feel like it's a lot of these things, but it's mostly bikers leaving with hands full of burritos.

How many?

Yeah.

How many burritos are they carrying?

Yes, I don't know.

They're maybe getting lunch for their co-workers.

More than one is bad when you have a motorcycle.

No, they can be.

Because they'll like if you have one in each hand.

And suddenly then you've got to be on the handlebars.

And it's like, yeah, you're in you go to gas it up and you squeeze out the free holies.

Oh, no.

Yeah, that's really not good.

You spend a lot of time in next-game restaurants.

Yeah, so what is your solution?

OK, so you want to start out by being very high.

OK.

Very high.

Easy to do with the motorcycles.

Very easy.

So they can't.

Oh, my god, yeah.

They have no idea what's going around.

So you could actually be talking.

You can be honestly loud.

And then you sneak up behind them and you grab bags out of their hands and you go, give me this.

Do not drive while you're holding that.

Do not.

You have to say that exactly.

You scold them and you hope they are mild-mannered.

Right, sure.

And then they.

How often are they mild-mannered though?

Half the time.

Oh, OK.

A lot of times.

Because I'm just thinking a little further down the list, another cause of death would be grabbing Mexican food from bikers.

Yeah.

Another.

And what would be the solution of that?

Yeah, sneaking up on yourself?

Yeah.

Yes.

Back to the future two situations.

You have to hope there's somebody in your life that's looking out for you.

You really do.

So that's 152.

I wonder if we're tired of these yet.

I think maybe.

Let's try one more.

One more.

OK.

And now you're scrolling through trying to find a good one.

Yeah.

OK.

Let's see.

Rogue shot put to the back.

Rogue shot put.

That's the most balanced.

Are these people who are at the Olympics or a sporting event?

Are near a track and field event.

Track and field is opening back up.

Sure.

So a lot of times the teenagers, they haven't quite got the spin around.

Oh, yeah.

Well, they've been in their houses for 14 months.

They don't know how to do it.

That's a finicky move.

The turn back push turn around and launch.

This is going to rise up to at least 140.

I'm going to rock it up.

Yes.

It's going to.

Yeah.

It's really dangerous.

Unless you fix it.

Yeah.

That's true.

Yeah.

What's your fix?

There's a maneuver for this.

Is this, by the way, is this called the Heimlich?

You can't call it the Heimlich maneuver.

Because then people will go give them the Heimlich maneuver and they'll think they're supposed to go squeeze the shit out of their stomach.

So we had the Heimlich remix last time.

Yeah.

So this is B side.

B side?

OK.

Yeah.

But you're going to have to start numbering them.

Yeah.

Eventually I would have the Heimlich 48.

Heimlich 48?

Yes.

Like Dave Matthews, Ben, he would number his songs number 47.

You don't know this.

You love Dave Matthews.

So you like Mariachi bands and Dave Matthews?

It's my two favorite right up there.

OK.

So yes, so what you want to do is first off, cover your mouth.

OK.

Cover your mouth.

You don't want to sneeze.

You don't want to give away the.

No, no, no.

Yeah.

If you have to sneeze, hold your nose.

Wait.

But you definitely don't try to be around any pepper or feathers.

No, peppers, feathers, get them out.

Get them out.

And then this is going to be very difficult because they're spinning.

Sure, yeah.

They're spinning so they will see you.

So you get up, you get close, you hit the ground.

You hit the deck.

OK.

Because usually they're eye level.

They're looking up towards where they're going to shot put.

You hit the deck, and then you stand up and you go, give me that.

Give me that ball.

But how do you know they're not going to be doing it right?

Is this just anyone shot putting?

Well, it's if they're unwieldy.

Oh.

You can see, you can tell the shot putter like, oh, that's going to be good and dead on.

OK.

And also if they have an inner ear issue.

OK.

Oh, OK.

Are you interviewing them beforehand?

You have to do a little bit of a little bit of under cover work as a culture or something.

Hippologs, you're going to sneak into their pediatrician.

Their medical files.

Yeah, check their ETS.

And you break into the pediatrician office late at night and you look for people with inner ear issues.

This is a lot of work, Henry.

I'm obsessed with saving lives.

How many wives have you saved other than that one person in the night?

I have not saved any.

But you have such great branding.

You can retire on this.

Why?

You don't need all these.

I'm chasing after the high of the original maneuver.

You don't need all these less and less funny maneuvers.

It also seems like you're hyper aware of these situations.

How many of these situations have you spotted?

Or is this just you?

In your head.

Imagining.

Are these all hypotheticals in your head?

Or have you encountered any of these in real life?

OK, you're right.

There's me spinning out at night.

There are hypothetical spin outs.

Do you have any friends or any acquaintances?

No.

It's just you at home.

It's just me.

I'm spinning out at night thinking about a fish eating someone at the beach.

Thanks for checking with your list, by the way.

This is the way to get them in.

It's tags.

I like it.

Yes, yes, yes.

Just little tags quick.

And then I get it.

Speak up behind the fish.

I get it.

Yes, you get it.

This is no good, Henry.

Look, you retire at this point.

You're famous.

Well, I only get recognition when I write stand up for Dave Kullier.

Oh, that was a big part of his last appearance.

I didn't know that.

You're right.

Christian stand up for.

Look, I'm far more interested in this aspect of your personality.

You are.

I'd love to hear some of your new bits.

Does Dave give you credit?

Does he give you a shout out of?

Or is it just all anonymous?

It's mostly anonymous ghost writing.

But I am at the events.

And occasionally I will be like, excuse me.

I actually have.

Or to a person next to you.

No, to a person in the audience, if they're filing out, I'll be like, I actually wrote the two thieves joke.

Two thieves?

I want to hear that one.

Oh, yeah.

That sounds wonderful.

That's about the two thieves next to Jesus on the first.

Two thieves on the either side of Jesus.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

So it's really not a punch line.

It's more of a setup?

It's more of a so I mean, come on.

You think these thieves, they were like, can I just, could somebody just cut my hands off?

I have to get crucified.

Here's how to fix this.

And it with this.

Get the fuck out of here.

I don't know that Kool-Yay would do that.

Oh, no.

He was Christian comedy.

Yeah.

But sometimes, you know, the jokes don't go that well.

The Christian comedian stand up jokes.

So you have some new material though?

No.

Why did you bring it up?

Yeah, I don't know.

Actually, no, I, yeah.

Now you're looking at your list of other things, of ways to die.

Well, you know, Jesus, he feeds 10,000 people the one time.

With the fishes and the wolves.

What is he?

My family, after I invented the Heimlich maneuver.

OK.

Yeah, you can't say that.

No.

Because he does.

He does.

Yeah.

But he would say, what are you, my family, after the show premiered?

Yes, exactly.

So you know, there's, yeah, it's not a one to one.

But it's not a one to one.

But we workshop stuff.

We go to Sunday schools.

He'll do stuff.

Every Heimlich, everyone.

We need to catch our next guest.

She is a spokesperson.

This is interesting.

She'd never been on the show before.

I've never, I don't know that I've ever had a spokesperson on.

Are any of you guys spokespeople for anything?

Obviously you.

Well, we do podcasts, and now we're spokespeople.

Yeah, you have to do ads for some.

That's not technically spokespeople.

Oh, that's true.

No, no, I wouldn't say we're spokespeople.

Yeah.

We are people who have spoken.

Who have spoken?

Definitely, yeah.

Yeah.

So in that regard, yes.

She is the spokesperson for a major company.

This is exciting to talk to her.

I've never spoken to her.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Lil Debbie.

Hey, thanks for having me.

Oh my.

What a voice on you, Lil Debbie.

I know a lot of people think that since my day was a little Debbie, I got to be a little person, but I'm not.

I'm big.

You are so big.

My God, look at you.

How tall are you?

Oh, three stories.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

You're just peeking down through that hole in the roof that we.

I punched it in.

Yeah.

Thank you so much for that.

Thanks for letting me destroy a roof.

Not a lot of people let me do that.

I'm very excited to be here.

It's very because I'm so used to Lil Debbie, that little drawing.

Yeah.

I just picture this little munchkin.

And now.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

This is crazy.

You see this big.

Right.

We originally pitched it to be called Big Big Debbie, but nobody liked that.

It's a little Debbie sounds more fun to eat or whatever.

So yeah.

So wait, so you were big when you first got the job as being the spokesperson for Lil Debbie Cakes or?

Well, it's my family's business.

Oh, it is.

No.

Your parents or your.

Yeah.

Well, my dad, I killed my mom and child.

Oh, not intentionally.

No.

I just don't act.

I ripped her in half coming now.

Oh, yes.

This happens.

Yeah.

Well, what would you be your savior for this?

Well, you're safer than that.

Oh, yeah.

You have to make sure you terminate the pregnancy.

Whoa.

Wait.

That's not fitting the formula of your previous.

You're right.

I was just being honest there as an thoracic surgeon.

Sure.

Would you would you sneak up on the pregnant woman?

Yes, you would have to be very quiet.

I don't think this is legal.

No.

Yeah, I know.

Yeah.

You like sneak up on them and then shove them down some stairs or put them on a horse or something.

What do you do?

This is grim.

My gosh.

What do you do?

So, Lil Debbie, you didn't intentionally kill your mother, but your father started this snack cake company, is that right?

And didn't have a name for it?

That's right.

And he would try all of his little cooking on me.

And I would tell him if I liked it or not.

So he was like, why not?

I named it after my big demi.

And I was like, thank you, daddy.

And then we took it on the ride.

And then they were like, name it Lil Debbie, because big demi is, you're scaring us.

But, uh...

Is your father a big guy?

He was actually, uh, for a living.

Oh, okay.

So that's quite a contrast.

Yeah.

Yeah, so you put him in my pocket.

When you said you took it on the road, you went out and like gave people samples of the different foods or...

Yes, yeah.

Because you...

We do say...

This was a long time ago.

I'm 99 years old.

Wow.

Is that why your voice is the way it is, or is it because of how big you are?

It's because I'm 99.

Oh, okay.

The older I get, the more...

Uh...

The more like, I don't know, Desmondian, Devil, I sound so...

Yeah, that's a little similar.

Yeah.

So you're 99, the Barbara Eden.

Yes, yes.

And we went back...

Barbara Eden, who am I thinking?

Barbara Felden, no.

What was her name?

And get smart.

It was Barbara Felden.

Barbara Felden.

Yes.

That's what I think of.

Oh, yeah!

I looked at the one guy who possibly would know this.

He turned right to me.

Let's talk to the pasty shut-in.

He watched too much television.

So we would go around the country and pitch, you know, our oatmeal-craze-possed.

Like close to cost?

Are you staying in the South mainly?

Are you going, you know, or the Northern States?

We went every...

I've been to every...

Every state a couple of times.

But whoa, that's 100 states.

But how would you travel?

Could you fit on a train or a...

Yeah.

I would just surf on a train.

Oh, whoa, you'd sit on...

And I would jump over bridges.

Did you ever see Natty Gann in your years?

Look at it!

I don't mean the movie.

I mean, on the trains that you were surfing on.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, remember, in the 30s and the 30s.

In the 30s, you were 12 years old or so.

Yeah.

I was 12 years old in the 30s.

And so then we would travel around and give people Swiss rolls, cupcakes, nutty buddies, zebra cakes, cosmic brownies.

But you're not who you think they are.

They don't have drugs in them.

They just have funny little, like, hot pink.

That's a lot.

I think I'm very excited there.

Yeah.

I thought he was going to save another life.

I think that's maybe what I need, the little trugs again.

Well, here's something fun.

Yeah, you and other fun.

I would love to.

So a lot of our snacks cause children to choke.

Really?

Oh, they're little demi.

Especially our brownies, because they're pretty thick.

Yeah.

Like they're pretty thick and intense and they really get in your throat.

They're like, oh, you need a beverage for sure.

You gotta have some milk.

And you don't have milk to God rest your soul.

I don't think that sentence has ever been said before.

That's...

Hey, I love it.

When we finally hit on one.

It feels like that was an early slogan that got workshopped out of the...

You don't want to put that on the clock.

Little debits.

If you don't have some milk, God rest your soul.

Right.

And then World War II happened and milk was not as easily available.

So they got rid of that.

But I was wondering, I have some new products I would like to...

Oh, you have a list too?

Do a little marketing.

Are these ranked in order of funniness?

Oh, dear God, no.

No, no, no, no.

No, maybe we could switch off.

Maybe a little Debbie, you could do a product and then you could do a way to duck.

Yeah, I need another shot.

Okay.

Tell you what, we need to take a break.

That's what we're going to do.

When we come back, we're going to have a product slash death off.

Between Little Debbie and Henry Heimlich, this is exciting.

We will be right back.

We'll have more Padnauswalt, more Meredith Salinger, more Henry Heimlich, and Little Debbie will be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

We have Padnauswalt and Meredith Salinger of the Did You Get My Text podcast and of the Nati Gan movie we've been talking about a lot.

You know, I do have other credits.

You're really a dream, a little dream, which I saw at the Arcadia.

No, it was an A town, but at the six there in 1989.

And what other credits do you have?

I remember those, but then you went to Harvard.

Oh, no, you had the Dude River Phoenix movie, right?

Oh, yeah.

A Night in the Life of Jimmy Reardon, a half of River Phoenix.

Yeah.

Matthew Perry.

That was his first thing.

He ever did Matthew Perry.

Matthew Perry, really?

Yeah.

Look how far he's come.

And yeah, but those were all before I went off to college.

That's right.

And then you, now, why did you film that?

Why did I what?

Why didn't you film that when you went off to college?

That would have been a good movie.

It would have been a good movie.

Nati Gan goes to college.

Like what happened to her?

You know what I mean?

There should be another movie.

Like it's like Indiana Jones, they keep making these.

That is true.

You know what I mean?

Like how long ago was Nati Gan for you in real time?

And I was 14 when we did that.

You were 14, so.

And I'm like 30 now, so.

Yeah, so it's like 16 years later.

She's in the 40s.

World War II is just ending.

Yeah.

We think she'll be an activist.

Maybe she's the person who gets kissed by that sailor.

That, you know what?

That was her.

Oh, wow.

That again was in Times Square.

She was bending over and so her hat fell off.

That was so hot.

Yeah.

Hat flew off.

Yeah.

Got kissed there.

But why not do like net again movies like every, you know, every five years or whatever, just see what she's up to.

I mean, how many journeys, you know?

She probably went on one every five years, right?

You want a ton of journeys, man.

I go on vacations like once every couple of years.

A fast and furious, but with trains.

Yes.

To Nat, to Gaddy.

To trains.

You'd have to do a prequel movie where they lay down the tracks next to the other tracks so they can race each other.

But that's amazing.

Yeah.

Thomas, the train and just come by.

Exactly.

The little engine that could just come down too.

This is good.

Pitch this.

Of course, I want to be involved.

I want to do no work, but I want to be an executive producer.

Okay.

Give my name on it.

Yeah.

Just give me one.

It's done.

Yeah.

I'll see you at the Oscars.

Should we carpool or what do we do?

We could do that.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah, I went off to Harvard and then came back and then that's like things were different.

Before college, it was like if you're in a movie, you're only in a movie.

Like you didn't do TV and movies.

It was like if you were a TV star, you did TV and if you were a movie star, you did movies, but then I went to college and you came back and everyone was like, everyone like people are starting to do TV if you're a movie star.

So then I did all these pilots that of course never went.

So it was like me and Steve Carell starring in a show called HUD.

That's right.

Oh, what?

HUD?

HUD, H-U-D.

H-U-D.

Was this based on the housing and urban development?

Yes.

It was.

But it was an undercover organization.

It was like Get Smart.

Oh, by Raffaldon.

I know that reference, of course, off the top of my head.

Exactly.

So I was like Agent 99 and he was like Get Smart and if you are lucky enough to find the pilot somewhere, it's very funny.

Have you buried them across the US somewhere so that we can go find these?

Remember we would go to conventions and they were those tables of just video tapes of pilots.

Oh, yeah.

You could literally buy any pilot.

Yeah.

All day nowadays, maybe they're on YouTube.

I think that there should be a show called The Pilots and then all the pilots that never got picked up.

Right.

Yeah.

I think this is a good idea but everyone's going to think it's about Sully.

If only he could land.

Tuning in.

Let's do it.

Checking it out and then it's like what the hell?

Get the fuck in.

Yeah.

Speaking of getting the fuck out of here, these guys are getting the fuck in here with an exciting competition here.

We have Henry Heimlich who, before it ran out of steam, we were kind of going on.

We were doing like deaths but you have plenty more.

I have plenty more that are equally as funny.

Very good.

We also have Lil Debbie who's a spokesperson who has a lot of, a lot of, what were these?

These were desserts.

These are new products that we're going to try out.

Okay. So do we do this?

Is this battle style where at the end of Lil Debbie, you go first and then Henry goes and then we decide which one wins and then whoever gets to, I don't know.

I don't know the rules of this competition.

You're going to make it a do this.

So whatever you want to do.

Why don't we do this?

Yeah. Whoever gets to three first wins.

She's going to start.

No, but we judge at the one chance.

They help me.

She goes, then you go and then then Pat Meredith and I will judge.

Got you.

We'll each have a vote and because there's three of us, it'll never be a tie.

Okay.

We'll vote on whoever gets to three first wins.

Okay. Here we go.

Okay.

So using the product, would you eat this?

Pretty much yes.

Okay. Okay. Great.

Big old floppy cherry pie.

Would you eat that?

Wait a second.

Would you eat that?

When you say big old floppy cherry pie, it's the whole round pie or a slice of it.

Yes.

Or is it like a sliver that's floppy like a.

Yeah.

Like a.

What makes it floppy?

Yeah. And how old?

We know it'll be big.

I'm just totally curious if you would just eat it.

Okay.

Well.

But it is kind of a little slice because we got to be able to sell 12 in a box.

So it's a slice and it's just a sloppy because it is just covered in cherry juice.

Just juice.

Just no cherries.

Right.

Oh, so it's pretty watery.

Okay.

Should I change the name to big old floppy watery cherry pie?

That's a good note.

Thank you.

Hi, Nick.

All right.

So that was good.

Okay.

That was good.

Now we go over to Heimlich who's going to do a.

Okay.

So this is a 161 shot by bullets fired in celebration.

That's I mean, this is coming up.

You know.

That's true.

For the life.

The big problem.

Yes.

There's being more there excited.

What goes up must come down.

Yes.

The billboard said in LA for the.

Oh, yeah.

So what is your sister graduated?

You know, pow, pow, pow.

Kinsen era with a mariachi bed.

Yes.

Kinsen, yeah.

Pow, pow, pow.

It was.

There's a new season of succession.

Yes.

Pow, pow, pow.

Yeah.

The equalizer is on.

Just on.

Not even a new season.

There's an episode on.

He's on.

Someone likes to.

Wait, let's see.

Someone likes their meat TV.

Right.

Okay.

So what's your fix?

Sneaking up behind the bullets themselves?

Or.

So this one is tough.

You have to go and be like, you don't like this.

You don't like equalizer.

You have to convince them that they don't want to celebrate?

Yes.

You have to be very.

Make them hate the thing.

Exactly.

Like, you're not excited that this.

You're not excited that you have a pool.

Interesting.

All right.

So you're done, right?

All right.

Let's.

I'm peetering out.

Yeah.

I might find something.

No, I'm done.

All right.

Let's vote on this one.

We'll go to Pat Naswald first.

And what are we voting on?

Just how much we like it?

Yeah.

Funness.

Would you eat it?

Where is it?

Death.

No, we're not voting on whether we would eat.

No, no, no, no.

I got to say the phrase.

The pig.

Big old floppy cherry pie.

Did make me laugh with the lights.

So we're going a little daddy here.

Okay.

Give that one a little dip.

All right.

There you go.

And just the idea of cherry pie made me really hungry.

Whether it's floppy or not, I'll eat it.

By the way, Meredith has a condition that I have named called a Monterian candidate where if she sees a food item, she will immediately, and I'm not exaggerating this.

Our daughter came in one morning wearing pajamas with drawings of donuts on them.

And then we went downstairs and made our daughter breakfast, and I drove her to school.

And on the way to school, I get this text from her.

Her hair's going, you need to pick up donuts.

Wait, I looked at her.

You're very suggestible.

I mean, beyond suggestible.

I was watching Dateline, and it was like...

What are they eating on that show?

Well, it was like we knew he wasn't the murderer because the milkshake had melted by this.

And then I was like, oh fuck, I need a milkshake.

Now it's working on me.

Right, exactly.

I'm glad you don't see the murder and go, I need to go keelstar.

It's better.

It's way better.

It's better.

Well, I was going to vote for Henry, but I would have been uploaded.

Oh, thank you.

I needed it.

So this one goes to little Debbie.

Yeah, little Debbie.

Thank you, everybody.

You'll see it in store soon.

So you need three to win.

So let's go over to Henry.

What's your next one?

Okay, helicopter crash.

Hold on.

No, I think I read that wrong.

Did I say helicopter crash?

I meant to say your pet shoots you with your own gun.

Okay.

Okay, yeah.

Well, this is simple.

No more pets.

Really?

Is there no more guns?

Yeah, I don't.

I mean, we've had this debate.

It's a second.

It's not going to hit it.

Pets are not in the Constitution.

Exactly.

Oh my gosh, that's right.

There's no National Pet Association.

There's no, they don't call it the second Appetment.

Yes, it's a hell of you.

So there it is.

All right, so just no more pets.

No more pets.

It's easy.

All right, great.

Let's go over to a little Debbie.

Okay, okay.

Be honest, would you eat this?

A nasty nutty zebra mudlog.

Be honest.

Would you eat it?

Wait, I'm sorry.

Wait, again, like with a pie, I have a question.

You have a nutty zebra log.

What makes it nasty?

Would it wise?

Yeah.

We're nasty in there.

Because it does what the kids say for cool stuff.

Ooh, nasty.

Yeah, I don't.

It also might be covered in my hair.

I don't know.

So that means the kids like how I smell.

They call me nasty all the time.

All right, let's vote Meredith.

Well, let's go to you first.

How do you want to vote on?

You know, the mudlog.

Well, I don't know.

I'm not choosing that.

Yeah, you want to eat it now.

Well, I wanted to till she said it was that nasty, my car would hear.

So I think I want to go with, um.

We're going with Henry?

We're going to go with Henry.

Whoa.

I mean, log does sound very appetizing.

Patton, how are we voting here?

I got to say, I mean, look, that again, very, very funny, but we do have to protect our gun owners.

There are a great of a source.

Thank you.

And if it means banning pets, then we need to step up finally as a country.

Thank you.

So you're going with Henry?

I got to go with it.

Little Debbie, I was going to vote for you, but unfortunately I was voted out.

Oh, right.

Right.

You always get off.

I was not having to choose.

Oh, he's the good guy.

Wow, we really aligned, baby.

Like we have the same sort of.

Thank you so much.

Oh, you're talking to Patton.

Um, all right.

Let's go to, let's go to, uh, a little Debbie here.

Okay.

With our next one.

Okay.

Be honest.

Please be honest.

We have been.

Well, you eat, uh, would you eat a Debbie Dookie?

Oh, goodness.

No, there's no, there's a dookie like poop.

No, it's not.

Is this something the kids say?

A dookie is like a combo between a cookie and a brownie and a cake.

Oh.

Do they say things like that dookie is nasty?

Yeah.

Hell yeah, they do.

So that's a good thing.

The kids like, they like when I take a poop.

Okay.

But would you eat it?

Okay.

That's good.

Debbie dropped a nasty dookie there.

Complementing a delightful treat.

It was just released.

Good.

Yes, exactly.

Combo brownie cookie cake.

Right.

Yeah, which parts of?

So crunchy like a cookie.

Okay.

I don't want my cakes to be crunchy though.

But it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, a, a dookie is not a cake.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

Okay.

It's not a brownie and not a cookie.

Crunchy.

All I know is that on the way home, we're going to need to stop and get narrative cookies.

And jinks.

All right.

Henry, Henry, you want to, uh, go with yours?

Yes.

D-list celebrity vehicular manslaughter.

Okay.

So I think what we need to do is pump new life into these celebrities' careers.

So they're not drinking and driving.

They're not on the outs.

Or maybe, maybe it gets bumped up to A-list celebrity.

Yeah.

Whatever you do.

D-list will go, I was killed by an A-list.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Like, like, Dammers won't be as upset.

Of course.

Did Gable kill someone in the 30s drunk driving?

Yeah.

I think he ran over his own chauffeur, didn't he?

I just know that was Keith Moon.

Oh.

I would let Angelina jump.

They didn't throw a throw mama from the train with their...

With, they swapped.

Yeah.

Sorry to interrupt you.

No, no, no.

I mean, because we would all let Angelina Jolie slowly back over us.

Of course.

And do we have to?

Of course.

So I think if we just pump life...

So we have to, what, produce projects to make their careers better?

Yeah.

You say, like, hey, drummer for Maroon 5.

You want to be in this pilot?

Okay.

And then we'll get them on TV.

Okay.

And they'll be famous, and then they won't go out and eat somebody with their car.

Okay, very good.

Let's vote.

Patton, how are you voting on this one?

I mean, I'm just saying, for the common good, to put more...

To lessen the tragedy of people being run over, I say, let's get these dealers celebrity guests.

I think you have some skin in this game, though, too, because you're trying to boost your own career with this.

If anything, that would actually help me.

So yeah.

When the D goes up to a B, then the B goes up to an A.

Exactly.

And so it's kind of like...

It all rises.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Here it is in total.

It rises to the crime.

You're voting with Henry.

Mary, how are you voting here?

That's a hard one.

Because I feel like...

Truly is.

Sophie's choice here.

It is.

Which, by the way, is another way to die, which is a pretty low on the list, I think.

It's bad.

It's not being chosen by Sophie.

Yes.

Missy of weekly Sophie.

Yes.

I would go with Henry.

Oh, Henry too.

Oh my god.

Will Demi...

I was going to vote for you.

No, no, no, no.

Come on.

Always the hero in the vote.

Come on.

Alright, Henry, you have two.

If you get one more, you win.

We're starting with you.

Don't peter out like you have been.

Oh, no.

I have to start.

You're starting now.

I thought that was a final one.

Okay.

Too much computer.

What is it?

Too much computer.

How do you fix that?

Wait.

So this is pretty difficult.

I think we need to get, you know.

You're just thinking of this as you're talking.

Yes.

Yeah.

I am.

You know what?

I want to change.

This is unprecedented.

This has never happened in a new snack versus murder.

Well, she's going to get the change too.

If she wants to.

But she hasn't even gone yet.

That's true.

Alright.

Eaten by a murder of crows.

Okay.

My love.

Wow.

That's so good.

This is how often, how many deaths a year?

This is about 5,000.

It's weird how it's all around the same.

So driving through it, you're pulling on a motorcycle and eaten by a murder crows.

Same amount of people.

No, no, no.

That's not that Chipotle was around three.

It was around three.

Well, so this is even worse.

How many crows?

Same crows or is this like a family?

Like a close family?

I know, but in each of these deaths, is it the same crows doing each one?

It's the same guys.

It's the crime family.

It's a family.

Wow.

One time I had a murder of crows live in my hair.

One time they're there.

Yeah, this is the time.

This is the first time it happened.

Be careful.

Okay.

And what's the fix?

So you have to get rid of these scary animals.

And the creepy animals, crows, bears, fish.

Slow.

Or fish with the beak.

You know?

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Little Debbie.

Oh yeah.

I think you got this one in the back.

Damn.

Whatever you say.

Yeah.

By the way, you can take it over if you don't feel like it's going well.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

I'm ready.

Stinky peanut butter toilet bars.

Would you eat those and be honest?

All right.

Let's vote.

Meredith.

I said get rid of the murder of crows.

Oh.

Interesting.

I am so sorry.

I have to disagree.

Oh no.

Be taking away the opportunity to be eaten by a murt.

That is a glorious death.

And I do not want that possibility taken out of life.

I've got to go with little without even asking why the word toilet is in there.

And why the word sticky is in there.

I'm giving that to little Debbie.

Oh wow.

Yeah.

Oh no.

You're a big shot.

I make a mistake.

Oh my god.

Oh wow.

This is the first time it's got to tie breaker.

It's a tie.

Oh my god.

I vote for both of you.

Yeah.

Give me a hug.

I'm hugging her toes.

Sorry.

I'm a maneuver.

I think you're a do.

Someone do the maneuver on him.

I don't know how.

I haven't talked into an elementary school teacher today.

I'll do it.

I'll put him in my mouth.

Oh no.

Oh my god.

Oh.

She's choking on him.

That's nasty.

Oh my god.

Oh.

Near the front she's choking on Henry Heimlich.

What do we do?

Oh no.

Do you know the maneuver on her?

Yeah.

That's how to do it.

Yeah.

Too big.

It's the other one.

It's the top middle school.

I can't sneak up on her.

She can see me.

And down here.

Here I'm going to run as hard as I can into her stuff.

You're starting to get out doing it.

Whoa.

Ah.

Get back.

Wow.

I'm alive.

Oh my god.

You did the maneuver.

I did it.

And you were here to see it, Henry.

That was glorious.

Oh my god.

This has never happened before on the show.

So the sneak it doesn't even have to really be part of it.

No.

It's like you learned something today.

Wow.

Amazing.

Well, unfortunately, that's all the time we have.

It's two and a half to one and a half.

So no one got to three, so there is no winner.

Unfortunately.

Nicely done.

Oh, damn.

But you know, you won because I saved your life and you get to live to fight another day.

I am a winner.

I come up with another maneuver.

Yes.

Thank you, Scott.

I am forever indebted to you.

Yeah.

I mean, usually in a choking situation, two people don't die.

And that's what would have happened here.

You would have died a little devil.

You would have died.

Whoa.

Henry.

Yeah.

That's true.

We saved two lives.

Two lives.

I'm kind of a hero.

Do you choke on a lot of people?

I need to add this to my list.

Well, you know, sometimes with their hang gliding and I'm screaming, they'll fly right in.

Sometimes how many?

Are you here?

Well, I ask them why.

It's happening right now sometimes.

Yeah.

Let me give it again.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Oh.

Amazing.

Well, guys, this is such an exciting show.

This was really exciting.

You had people die on the show.

I don't say lives, but this is incredible.

But we are running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

That is a little something called plugs.

Oh, damn.

Get there.

Those are some of those things.

Oh.

That's right.

Give it to me.

Oh, very nice.

That was plugged ungulous by Eat Your Greens.

Okay.

Well, we had stop eating bees earlier in the show.

Now, Eat Your Greens.

A lot of nutritional advice here on the show.

Guys, why don't we plug in Patton Meredith?

You can plug your podcast collectively, but also plug individual products and, I don't know if you have products, but also projects individually.

Well, our podcast, Did You Get My Text, is now streaming.

My show, Modoc, is currently streaming on Hulu.

Hey, I heard someone's in that show who's really cute.

Oh, yeah.

Meredith plays a horrifying publicist.

Oh, okay.

And this is the mechanism only designed only for- Organism Design, only for Killing.

That's right.

Yes.

Also, the series that I narrated for Netflix, Penguin Town.

Penguin Town.

Be premiering soon.

And also, my fall tour is now all tickets are on sale.

You can go to patinazole.com and pick all those up.

Am I leaving anything out?

I think that's it.

Any movies coming out?

No, not that I can- Just film one.

The cinema's coming back, though.

Don't worry.

Nick, Nick, you just finished filming one two days ago.

I start filming one this week.

Whoa.

And- When's that coming out?

Well, we started filming this week.

So next month?

Yeah.

Is it a Nat again?

It is Nat again for- Yes!

For- You're skipping over two and three?

Well, the two and three are- They were pilots that didn't get picked up.

Oh, right.

They only came out and they did come out in Croatia.

They came out, but no one saw them.

Okay.

So, this is exciting.

And then, yeah, we have two- Well, I have two shows in production right now, an animated show and a sitcom, which are in the midst of development.

And- Okay.

Yeah, so it's hard to plug.

Yeah.

Things that aren't really yet.

Yeah, but hey, we take all commerce here and all pluggers.

Yeah.

And we appreciate any plugs you bring to the table.

They clug for good.

Exactly.

Can I also plug one more thing?

Of course, this is the segment that we plug things in.

This is where we do it.

I am thinking of writing a screenplay in a few months.

Oh, okay, good.

I love that.

All right.

Thank you.

Wonderful.

Okay, cool.

I love all plugs.

Any plugs that anyone has?

Any plugs that you could plug things you work on.

Like- I love it!

This is where we do it.

This is the plug segment.

You go- I mean, like, for example, I work- I'm on the leadership council of this amazing- I love this.

Of this amazing political pack called Vote Mama, and it helps get Democratic women elected to office, and it mentors them and coaches them, and we need more moms in office.

Is this where people vote for the lead character of Big Momma's house?

Exactly.

It's okay.

A little Debbie.

Yeah.

Wonderful.

All right.

Speaking of little Debbie, what do you have to plug, anything?

Oh, yeah.

There's a really great movie out now that you can rent on iTunes.

Or Ampshire, or ever you get movies.

It's also going to come to HBO soon.

It's called Golden Arm.

Yeah.

I've heard about this.

Check it out.

Yeah.

This is like, I mean, pardon the pun, but it's a two-hander between this great actress, Bessie Sidero and- Oh, you're joking.

Another great actress, Mary Holland.

Mary Holland.

I'm a big fan, Mary Holland.

Bessie's all right.

You got a wild voice.

And then another thing with Bessie Sidero is Dunkin'ville on Fox, every Monday at 9.30.

Check it out.

Two great plugs.

This is how we do it.

See, but- I open up the plug bag, people plug their things.

This is textbook plugging.

There you go.

Henry, don't fuck it up.

What do you got?

Okay, so you can, I do podcasts with my friends at biggrande website.com.

And you can also watch season one of the other two on HBO Max.

Yeah, it's just traveled over to HBO Max.

It's on HBO Max now.

That's one of my men.

Is there another season coming?

Second season is coming soon.

Oh, good.

Maybe later in the summer.

Maybe.

Maybe you should come back around then.

I should.

Or someone different.

Yeah, maybe somebody else.

I want to plug- My other podcast, Freedom, that is Paul F.

Tomkins, Lauren Lapkis and myself.

And it's just us sitting around talking and we'll play games and it's a lot of fun.

One of the best podcasts I've ever- Thank you so much.

That comes out on Thursday.

I love that.

Sorry.

We're going to share one of the heads on Mount Podmore, I think.

Oh, I'm sure.

I get my own single one for this show and then we share another one.

They're going to add them to your fate, like little neck boils.

Sure.

They are the little neck boils to my head.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

When you see something open, get a rope up and start to twist.

Then you find that you're getting the little I missed.

You think you're crying and you know what to do.

Get up in there and do what you do.

You got up open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Open up the slide bag.

Sure as that goes.

Open up the plug bag.

See?

You're right.

I said, yeah.

Hey, dog.

Mess up round with it.

Yeah, do what you do.

Mess up round.

Don't mess up the plug bag.

Yeah, do what you do.

Don't mess up round.

Mess up round.

Don't mess up the plug bag.

Mess up the plug bag.

Don't mess up the plug bag.
