---
layout: page
title: 712. Max Silvestri, Paul F. Tompkins, Nicole Parker, Jacquis Neal [2a07b4d9-47ee-4840-9e9c-ad54017fa4cd].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Here at Olive Garden, your family, so you'll be testifying in next week's custody hearing.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, okay.

Thank you to Sharman Ultra Feast.

Sharman Ultra Feast for that wonderful cash-free submission.

And speaking of wonderful, welcome to the wonderful world of Comedy Bang Bang.

We are here.

We're back in the studio today.

And we have, by the way, it's the final episode of June.

So, grads, hope you're enjoying yourself, dads.

I mean, you know, you had your day about a week ago, so let's, you know, take it easy.

Until next year, but three more days for grads and then shut the fuck up with your grad shit.

We have a great show.

Coming up a little later, we have two neighbors.

Oh, that's so exciting.

We have two neighbors.

So, we'll be talking to neighbors.

We'll be talking about neighborhood issues, I'm sure, and exactly what's going on in their neighborhood.

We also have a religious leader.

So, really covering the gamut here on today's show.

By the way, my name is Scott Ocherman.

And before we get to those guests, I did want to get to our first guest, our guest of honor, as we say, in pole position.

Approximately two years ago, he had a very exciting career going on where he did a 10-minute set in Lincoln, Nebraska, opening for another comedian.

And he was going to springboard that into fame and fortune and he was about to break out into quite an incredible career in comedy.

And then 2020, the pandemic hit.

I have seen neither hide nor hair of him on in person and on my television screen since then.

So, I can only assume that his career was sidelined and I wanted to catch up with him about that.

But he's an incredible comedian for at least 10 minutes.

Please welcome back to the show, Max Silvestri.

It's just really an honor to be here sitting with you in person again and still kind of, you know, really not with me, not in person.

Well, I feel like before the pandemic, we wouldn't do need a knee like this.

I mean, the way this studio has gotten closer.

And by the way, my right knee is on your right knee and my left knee is on your left knee.

We're both cross-legged, need a knee.

I am totally blue below the waist right now.

It is crazy while we're pretzeled up together.

But I'm doing good.

I mean, actually, bestiary on top.

Pop a smurf on the bottom.

Is that what we're talking about?

Yeah, that's exactly what my sweatshirt says.

Thank you.

I'm just reading.

Did you make that special for this?

I did.

I have like a, I don't know, it's like kind of a bedazzling machine where you can just put any kind of material underneath it and you type in the words.

And my day, we'd be dazzled by hand.

And you had to just kind of hold your hands down.

We tried.

But everything came out crooked.

Well, you got to drink all that coffee to stay up all night, but dazzling.

Of course.

You did a job.

Welcome back to the show, Max.

So good to see you.

And, you know, again, one of our favorite comedians for at least 10 minutes.

And you had that, you had that man.

We talked about it at length in two different episodes.

Yeah, two minutes.

Yeah, in Lincoln, Nebraska.

And, you know, it's funny hindsight is, I don't know, it's an interesting thing.

And I don't think we ever talked about it as kind of being like my farewell to stand up because I thought it was your coming out party.

It felt like that at the time, certainly.

Your big debut.

I know to be at the ball in Nebraska doing that 10 minutes set felt like, well, this is the dominoes are going to start falling.

Because that's what you want when you build momentum in a career.

It's it's not.

I can only imagine Cinderella felt that way going to the big ball.

She's like, OK, this is the first one.

You know, I'm now I'm going to be invited to the Met Gala.

Oh, my God.

I mean, you know, my calendar is going to be calling me to get a bigger one.

And then suddenly Prince Charming shows up and he's like, hey, I want to marry you and take you off the market.

Yeah.

What the hell?

And she's like, we're still going to be going to balls all the time.

She's like, I guess that's kind of what it felt like doing that show two years ago in the last year.

Opening for again.

I believe it was a Dave Coolier.

It was Dave Coolier.

Yeah.

And I wasn't opening so much for a stand-up set as more sharing stories about, you know, having done full house and doing full house again.

So it was kind of more like.

Did you was there any crossover with your jokes?

Did you tell any full house stories accidentally?

Normally I do, you know, like the normal 10 minutes I have is a lot of full house stuff.

Imagining what it would have been like to have been on that show.

But I felt out of courtesy.

There's kind of a professional respect.

Yeah, exactly.

I'm not going to do my full house stuff now.

You're not going to do that nine minute chunk, which left you with approximately 60 seconds?

Yeah, where I basically clarified that I wasn't on full house.

There was that one minute on either end, sort of a legal 30 and 30.

So when you were on before, we talked to you before the set and we talked to you about how the set was going to go.

Yeah.

And then you came back and we talked about the festival and going to Johnny Carson's house and how the set went.

And it really seemed like, man, Max is on the precipice here.

This is, this is, he's a breakout star.

It felt like you were going to be on the cover of Variety maybe.

Oh man.

Yeah.

You're going to be cast in the next Fast and Furious movie perhaps or something.

I don't know who knows where your career would take you and then nothing.

What was it the pandemic?

Yeah, I mean, it did have the energy.

You know, this is probably because of the pandemic energy.

It definitely, you know, because even if even right after the festival, it felt like we were 10, 11 months out from a big change, you know, like, we didn't know about what was happening.

You were feeling that vibe though in Lincoln, Nebraska while you were doing the set.

Well, it was like, you know, I was like, obviously many opportunities in front of me, but like, I'm just getting this feeling that starting next January, there's going to be unease about a new variant of.

Stars and like, there wasn't one now, but I was like, there's been 18, you know, sure.

Yeah.

19 must be on the way is yeah.

Yeah.

Maybe I shouldn't try to book things, you know, maybe.

Oh, so you didn't try to book things.

I mean, I did more than not try.

I think stuff came my way and I was like, this is a bad idea.

I don't know if you'll comfortable or some of these things you turned down.

I mean, I don't think it's fair to say because then you look at the people who did.

Well, they know that their second choice.

Yeah.

You can give us a little bit of a hand on one of them at least.

I mean, couldn't you?

I mean, there's got to be something that you were like, man, I would have been great in that.

If only COVID-19 hadn't happened.

I mean, I don't want to get the whole thing away.

But speaking of Papa Smurf on the bottom, if there is a movie you enjoyed where maybe there was a very fast main character.

Oh, it was much like me now.

Blue.

Okay, Vin Diesel is coming to mind.

I mean, I think he's blue, isn't he?

Okay, I'm not saying the word fast is in the title.

I feel like you're doing kind of more of a direct.

Pretty sure Vin Diesel is who you're talking about.

I think one of the main rules of that game where you give a clue is it's not just one of the words of the title.

So, okay, I'm trying to think of other fast characters.

He changed.

Okay, so we got braces.

So a character with braces who's very fast.

This is the pen 15 girls.

Are they fast?

Well, I mean, I think it does kind of deal with like, are they going to kiss their boyfriends too?

Do we ever see them run on the show?

Because if not, they might be fast.

I feel like we do see them walk into rooms and the previous scene, they were in very far away.

So, I mean, everyone walks at approximately the same speed.

It's how fast you run, right?

I mean, if they were going slowly, they would have showed the scene where they were getting from one end of the other.

Exactly.

So, I can only assume they elided the distance in but a frame of time.

That's my best guess.

That's the only thing I can think of.

So, unless you're going to be more specific, that's all I can think of.

Well, that's all I'm comfortable doing.

But let's just say that that came in that came my way and I was like, this movie, which is maybe any one of these things we're talking about, is going to come out right before I have a sense that there'll be a pandemic.

And you don't want that stink on any of your projects.

Like, this movie came out like mere weeks before a pandemic.

Maybe it caused the pandemic.

You don't want any kind of association with that.

Yeah, I'm all about no stink and I definitely, I definitely just, you know, I was like, look, if I do this home run, this is, you know, meatball down the middle, I slam the thing out of the park, but I, I base is loaded as well.

I'm not going to slam for sure. Okay. You know, I would say that it's like a walk off Grand Slam, but I don't want to make it seem like every other appearance by me earlier in the game wasn't also really successful.

Right. So, yeah, you had home run earlier, home run earlier than Grand Slam.

Yeah, this is, this, I felt it would be more a Grand Slam where they'd call the game like a mercy rule sort of thing.

Oh, we got so many.

In the third inning, maybe they're just like, all right, let's forget it.

Send everybody home, be the traffic, but I, I didn't want an asterisk next to, you know, your film, whatever, but also did it cause the sting your IMDB trivia.

Oh, no, Guy was in a movie right before the pandemic. You don't need the pandemic. No, and your page, you get a new star of me, the stink master or whatever, because I have that stink all over me.

So, well, that's good. I'm glad that you didn't take part in any of those types of projects.

And that's one of many. I mean, this is, I had so many opportunities to absolutely be covered head to toe and stink.

Like, I could have been, were you going to be in that tiger king?

Because that was what everyone was watching right when the pandemic hit. Were you, were you part of that maybe?

I mean, I, I was able to film a little bit, but, you know, I asked them not to, not to, not to use that stuff.

You know, I'm, I'm a big, when people ask me to sign releases or paperwork, I'm always kind of like in a rush.

And I say, I think my accountant already set, sent it. And then I just, and then you never follow up.

And then I never follow up in their, in a, and usually your face is blurred because I've seen a lot of documentaries and stuff where people's faces are blurred.

Does that you all the time or?

Well, just in case I usually like kind of shake my head back and forth really quickly.

Really fast.

Sort of like that character that you were talking about earlier.

So fast, but no, there's a reason it came to me first.

Because you got there first.

The addition, the, the audition's not until tomorrow, but wow.

This guy got here so early. Let's just give it to him. Yeah.

I walked out of my house and immediately was in the audition room because that's how also, right.

Much like pen 15 walking works. Wow. So, well, you know, your career, I think now that everything is sort of wrapping up with COVID 19, you know, maybe you can be back on the upswing or something like that.

Delta stuff seems, I'm seeing headlines.

I'm not clicking through. I'm not honestly getting to the way.

Remember Jay Leno with his headlines?

I would love to go to his house one day. If there was a festival, I could go to his house.

He doesn't even have to be there, you know, but just Jay Leno festival.

Just walking around his garage. Yeah, you know, that'd be incredible.

But I think until basically all diseases are eradicated.

That's smart. You know, I think there's so much happening right now very quickly with UV technology and the idea of like, could we have a giant, I don't know, light shining down from a satellite at all times burning off all germs like that?

Yeah. When I would be comfortable letting my career happen the way the industry wants it to.

Sure, because you don't want to star in something and then suddenly, you know, the the costar dies of a future disease or whatever the subject matter is.

So you know how they changed the Falcon in the winter soldier? It was all going to be about a the whole plot was about a big virus eradicating people and then they had to reshoot the entire thing because they didn't want the association of that.

You don't want anything like that. I mean, that was suddenly a toasting that that show. I think because of that, you know, people know this.

You don't want to be starring in something. Basically, you don't want to be Lou Gehrig. You know what I mean?

We're like the stink on him. Oh my God. For decades. It's getting worse. It's like right now. It's unbelievable to stink around that guy.

The stink around Lou Gehrig. No, I mean, that's the, you know, to have to do a job where there you come back and you have to do it a little different because someone died.

How that would be so sad for me. Oh, it would be terrible.

Yeah. Well, hopefully you're never going to die because I really want to make sure that people get to see your comedy.

You, what is your Netflix special again?

It's a quarter hour special. Right. 15 minutes. Yeah. And how much of that is credit?

It's all meat, no gristle. You know, they kind of found that there was just, there's no setups.

No setup. Really. So all punchline. Yeah, no biographical context. It's all just screamed punchlines and people.

That's how this generation, the future. Oh, they have time for it. Yeah, that's all they want. You know, the fast cuts.

You're on TikTok speaking of this generation. Am I on? That's another one where just me health wise. I'm just trying to, you know, I feel like the virus is everywhere on TikTok.

It's TikTok seems to be full body shots most of the time.

And who wants to do that? You know what I mean?

I mean, do I want to look at them? No, but, you know, it's like you did when you started that sentence, but gave me the old left turn.

Well, I do you have any shows planned? Are you going out on tour? Now you open for John Mulaney or our friend John Mulaney on his tour.

Is, are you opening? He's out doing shows now. Are you opening for him now? I might do some in Boston. Yeah. Yeah.

It'd be fun to do those.

But, you know, mostly I'm focused on my health. You know, I think if you go to my website.

No, you haven't been sick at all. You're just focused on it.

I haven't been sick, but I am focused on staying that way.

Yeah. It's like when I eat a meal, it's not because I'm hungry. I'm just focused on staying full. I think that's how we all approach.

Right. Got it. Got it. So I always want to be a little tired and a little nauseous.

So when you approach a restaurant, you're like, oh boy, time to stay full.

Yeah. And usually from the parking lot is how I'm approaching them. And then I'm really fast.

Really quickly. That's one of the reasons I'm nauseous, but it's not the only one. And then I'm kind of just topping off.

That's how I think of eating. Got it. It's like going to a yogurt place and then adding the little sprinkles on top.

That's what food is to you. It's kind of like going to a yogurt place with your own cup of yogurt in your hand from another yogurt place.

I'm just saying I ate a little in the right. I ate just the sprinkles. Do you mind?

I wonder if they would give you sprinkles. If you just walked in and said like, hey, I just want a topping.

I don't want any of the yogurt. Or do they make their money on the yogurt and the topping?

You know what I mean? Like, could you just buy the sprinkles in bulk and go, yeah, just want to pay for the sprinkles.

I think if I walked in there, you know, with a face and energy like mine, I think I could get the sprinkles.

It's a good point. Yeah. But not a guy like me. I wasn't saying you, but yeah. I was a sprinkle thirsty energy.

Right?

Yeah, you have an energy of people be like, I've heard this before. I'm sure with your ragged beat up cup and your fake yogurt.

That's clearly not any kind of... I'm bringing fake yogurt in. What's it made out of?

I think it's a computer paper from the library that has something printed on the other side that you crumpled into some sort of, you know, twist-like shape, but it's not fooling anyone.

Okay. Okay. Yeah. That's good to know. So you may open for John. Do you have any solo shows?

Are you doing a tour of your own self? Or are you around Los Angeles doing show? Are there even shows? I don't even know.

It's a great question. Thank you so much. I mean, there's a reason you're in that seat and I'm in this one struggling to answer these shots.

You know, I'm just taking it minute by minute. So sort of every minute. You're sort of clocking it. I have another 60 seconds gone.

Should I try to book shows now? Should I look in my email and see if I've been offered shows?

How do I do a show? What's a joke? These are kind of the questions. It seems to me like over the past, you know, 14, 15 months, you should have been stockpiling jokes. Like, you should have another 10 minutes ready.

I mean, 10 on top of the one I did two years ago. I mean, I don't know. I'm sorry. I didn't mean, I mean, I don't mean to tell you how to do your job.

I thought that maybe you would have had another 10 minutes.

I think if we've learned anything from the struggles people have had in the pandemic, it's been to be really patient.

You know, I don't think this is a time where, oh, you should be more productive. You know, like, I don't have a child at home. But if I, what if I did?

That's true. You know, that you did have a child. The idea that I just, oh, I can write new jokes every minute of the day. I don't have time. Every minute of the day I'm busy thinking about whether I'll do stand up again.

Yeah, exactly. Okay. And, but you did. One thing I did notice, because I sneak in there and I check out your social media accounts every once in a while. Yeah, I'm a snoop.

But you got engaged. Is that true? You got engaged. Okay, that wasn't a fake thing that you made pictures of just to trick everyone. No, no, no.

I'm genuinely, yeah, I'm getting engaged. That happened since the last time you're on. I wanted to congratulate you.

You're getting engaged. Wait, what?

You know, I haven't completed it yet. You started. I started. What is your, do you have like a three step process here? What is exactly is happening here?

So I began telling her all the reasons that I've enjoyed my time with her. And then just, you know, it's like booking stand up. Life got in the way of just finishing that moment.

So she's still in your pocket.

Yeah, it's don't wash those jeans, by the way, because you'll lose that thing. But we are, I think we've, I think we are engaged now. So, okay, congratulations. That's wonderful.

Do you have a date and does a guy like me who checks in with your social media accounts once every month or so get invited to this wedding?

You know, we're kind of non-traditional. I think we're just going to do like a 200 to 400 person thing that's a professional acquaintances. But you know, at the end of the day, we both just have these long lists of, you know, I get it. I understand.

I'm not the type who will raise a stink about not being there or not. Especially not on this show. No, yes. It may come up the next time you're on the show if I don't get an invite, but just to let you know.

And that's, you know, not to say that you should or shouldn't because of that, but you, you know, okay. So I should be as ready for that line of questioning as I was for this one.

Yes, of course. I'm just be really prepared. I've friends the questions with your people beforehand. Your team is fantastic. I mean, if you're team, oh my God.

I mean, if my team is the A team, I mean, you have like the B plus team. It's incredible. Sometimes they protect me too much, you know, like a lot of stuff doesn't get to me.

Yeah. Like these stand up shows or acting offers, you know, at this point, they're just, they know I'm so focused on my health that they, I presume, are going into my Gmail in the early hours of the morning and kind of setting up filters and replying as me and saying no and deleting stuff and thank God they're doing it because they're all gone healthier than ever. Well, I hopefully I'll be invited to this wedding before your team. You know, I mean, you pay those people and you don't pay me. So, I mean, they get their reward.

You know, they're 10% and all that kind of stuff. Me, I like, I'm, I technically consider myself to be your friend and all I get from it is, you know, one wedding invite a lifetime from you, you know.

It's the very least I can do. I've never been married before. I think this is going to be the one we were together. We've been together 10 years. Yeah. So I don't think there's another one in the chamber. Probably not. I don't even because if you have a 10 year rule, like, I don't think you can fit another one in before because I would presume like, yeah, you're not together with someone for 10 years to get married and then get divorced within six months. You know what I mean? No, no. So I think, or maybe you do. I don't know who you've never been in front of each other or. Yeah, spent more than.

Yeah, I guess 10 hours. Have you been naked behind each other's backs? We turn and face the other direction and get nude in a way that's just, you know, like, it's like the way that the energy in a room, like, it's sort of a, it's almost like the air changes and I mean, it's a stink, but, you know, there's the ions and electrons just suddenly you can feel that's that electricity. Yeah. It's like, it's like you when you walk by a house in the woods as I often do.

And you can tell if the TV's on. It's a little bit of that energy when you're facing away from your partner who you've never seen it.

Why do the house have to be in the woods? Because there's so much electricity in cities? Is that what it is?

Well, it's easier for me to hide behind trees and just kind of watch how the people live and stuff.

Right. Okay. Got it. Well, this is wonderful. Max Sylvester is here. He, an amazing standup comedian who has nothing booked on the horizon except perhaps for a few scant Boston shows, opening for another comedian. We need to take a break. We will be right back with, oh, we have two neighbors on the show next.

This is exciting. You excited? Do you have neighbors yourself, Max? I do. I do. And I know exactly when their TVs are on. So I'm going to.

All right. We'll be right back with more comedy bang back after this.

Comedy bang bang. We're back. Max Sylvester is here, comedian extraordinaire. And he, it's 2021. I mean, we're halfway through at this point.

This week is the sort of demarcation point of halfway through the year. This is the last week of June. And you have any other 2021 plans?

This is like a big, big just softball to you where you can just run with this. So sort of anything. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

This is broad enough where you can just like shoehorn any joke into it.

It's just like, you know, I'm a big fiscal year guy. So for me, this is the end of 2021. So it's been an incredible year. Happy new year.

My best healthiest year ever. So I'm excited for FY 22.

Right. Wonderful. Well, we need to get to our next guest.

They are, I mentioned before, they're two neighbors.

They're neighbors with each other, I believe. Or maybe they're just neighbors to other people. I don't know. We'll figure that out.

They have been on the show before. And they have a new podcaster or at least a new season of their podcast called the neighborhood listen, which the third season of which debuts today on Stitcher Premium.

Please welcome back to the show Joan pedestrian and burn to me a p-day. Oh, a very close, very close. A lot of people get it wrong. It's a Mia payday. Mia payday. I'm so sorry.

Mia payday. So I just got to remember that payday candy bar.

That's what I tell people is the most popular candy bar in America and Mia Jova, which the most popular actress in the Resident Evil franchise. Exactly Mia Jova, which payday candy bar and then you just cut out the parts like David, like, like, like, like, my glad you're a sculpting David.

Sure.

He cut out the parts that wasn't David. And then you have Mia payday and of course Joan pedestrian, pedestrian a word.

And it's just a word, just a word, but so much more I'd like to think.

No, it's it comes to me. Joan did we heard? Is it a French descent originally? Was it was a pedestrian? Oh, it was good for you, burnt. Yes, it was. It absolutely was. Yeah, you gave a little Cajun kick just that I enjoyed that.

I got rid of his real and then I get presumably at Ellis Island. It was changed to pedestrian. That is correct. It was changed and my husband liked it so much. He took it for his own last name as well.

Oh, what was his last name again? I know we covered this last time.

K, the backwards came. The backwards came. Oh, it was preceded the band.

It did. And it just got weird and he was already he was always looking to change. And so it just take mine. I'm gonna don't want to keep my own horn. But you know what, in this new day and age, I'm just gonna a little bit top realtor in Dignity Falls. Now Dignity Falls is our neighborhood.

That's right. And yes, we are neighbors in Dignity Falls.

And we are we are neighbors to each other and to each other.

Wonderful. Okay. Well, by the way, this is Mexican.

This is Mexican. I believe is probably a neighbor as well.

I mean, never do a few people. So you have that in common.

Smurf on the bottom. Okay.

Sorry. It's just reading your picture. Fantastic sweatshirt.

I really. Yes. Absolutely. If you ever want one, I'm happy to. It would take three to six weeks, but I could do it.

I don't know if it would apply to people who aren't you. So I don't know why do you have a picture of the stars of intolerable cruelty? Like it doesn't seem to match.

I'm just a fan of the movie. Okay. All right. I mean, that's why you buy one of those machines so you don't have to follow the rules.

I got the trick. I remember. I had her number. That's all I've got. And I'm a very weird poster. If I remember correctly, it's just like her turning over her shoulder.

No information about the show. No. It's sort of the pretty woman, isn't it? I mean, like everyone's trying to recapture that.

Sort of the iconic. Exactly.

I guess. Yeah. A friend of mine. One of the few movies he's ever walked out of was intolerable cruelty. Really? Yes.

When he went up to the ticket taker and said, I'd like my money back.

And the ticket taker said, why? And my friend said, I didn't like the movie. And it's only been 20 minutes. Just pointed at the title. Yeah.

Wow. What a friend. A good friend of yours? No. We've followed out. We haven't had many friends.

Can I? Are you guys friends? We're friends. Absolutely. We're very good friends. What do you mean you believe that?

Because sometimes I don't know where I sit. Bert, you tend to have sort of like dips and canyons. I do have dips and canyons.

Any peaks? Yeah. No peaks. Because dip dab. Dips. Great.

Everything's fine. Canyons. Oh, look out. Oh boy.

It's just if we can pay to picture. Bert, you know, he does.

He's a pharmacist at the local CVS. That's right. But he does live in an apartment by himself.

And I think sometimes he doesn't get out enough. And his only companion is a ventriloquist dummy named Connie. That's right. Who is a broken jaw? Oh my gosh.

But you're a pharmacist. Do you ever get high on your own supply? No. No. Okay. I know this is a fun podcast. It is a lot of fun. But no, I take that very seriously.

And no, I've never taken any of the drug supply in my own pharmacy. If I go to a sick, I go someplace else.

You go somewhere. Oh, really? To a competitor. And I don't let them know I'm a pharmacist. How do you conceal that fact? I wear a false mustache.

Okay. And I imagine you're going to walk in there being like, so I have no idea what you do back there. But I...

Yes, exactly. I make a big deal out of mysterious it is. It is the paharmacy. Like you like Mr. Maleficent.

Or a pahama guy. And I say, well, are all those bottles full of pills or some of them empty just for show?

So take this piece of paper with a drug on and put any glass of water and let it blow up until it's pills or whatever it is you do.

Yeah, I think it's like those...

It's just like dinosaurs. Yeah. Absolutely.

But I was funny you say, Joan, you said to your own horn.

And the last time we were here, Scott, you seem to think that that expression referred to someone reaching him.

And hitting your car horn. That tuning your horn was like, you held your horn.

I completely forgot about it. Now I remember. You absolutely did.

I think isn't it where someone like blows on their own trumpet? Yes, that's exactly right.

Well, I know that. I'm not explaining it to myself.

But why would someone... Who's horn are they going to to?

See, I...

Here's where I think the expression comes from. Please, let me because there's some confusion.

I said that you wanted to say more.

You very, very silently said, okay, you folded your hands on the table.

Your body language. Yeah, you're very...

I'm working on an interrupting bird. If you listen to our pockets, it's real fun. But sometimes I just... I get excited.

Well, we both get excited. We talk over each other. Great deal.

Indeed. Yes, absolutely. It happens a lot.

Anyway, I've been looking for a podcast that does that. So this is fantastic.

I've been something where there's more. Yeah, that's great.

I can't wait to say it.

More voices.

I think the idea was that you would be receiving... If you're not tuning your own horn, you'd be receiving a fanfare from someone else because of your...

Something from your entrance.

So it's sort of like when Caesar would walk into the room and Trumpeteers would play his theme song.

And Trumpeteers. The theme song. The theme from Caesar.

No Trumpet Club. The Trumpeteers. The first.

So... And instead of...

And instead of...

Hell, Caesar. He's got to win the day. Hell, Hell, Caesar.

We think he's just okay.

So instead, what would happen is he'd walk in, no one would play the theme, and he would grab a trumpet and go, I'll just do it myself.

And that's where it comes from.

From that exact scenario.

Got it.

Historic moment. Got it.

Okay, I thought it was a car horn. I find that hard to believe. Well, you can listen to the episode.

I didn't know that as I did.

Well, what did we talk about last time you were on the show?

Because I remember you guys are neighbors, and that's approximately 100% of my knowledge about you.

So what else has been going on?

Well, we are here to promote the...

The third season.

Yes, excuse me.

We are here to promote the third season of our podcast.

Oh my gosh, that's just the word.

That's the word.

The third season of our podcast is the Big Bird. Listen.

Right.

I have a gig and he falls accident.

I've heard he falls accident.

It was so specific.

It's so specific.

It's like, it's like, are these down forget?

Right.

Oh, yeah, I was going to say it.

Sorry, I'm on a real Maraby's Town kick.

Oh, you are.

It's hard to be on a kick, an extended kick. There's only a few episodes.

Oh, yeah, and it's long over. And by the time people hear the episodes, the show will be...

We'll have been over for quite a while.

Quite a while.

Yeah, approximately six weeks or so.

There is.

I would say the first six episodes.

Quite a bit of talk about Maraby's Town.

For sure.

I just wasn't thinking, you know, because I was into it at the time.

I didn't realize it was going to be such a great time.

You taped these episodes a while ago while you were watching Maraby's Town.

We did.

And I had the idea of speaking.

I think you guys were talking about TikTok earlier.

One of the things I got into during the quarantine was I got on TikTok because I know I'm not really the right age group for it.

But there's a lot of musicals happening on TikTok.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

They did Ratatouille and they did...

They're writing the room.

They're looking at the other one.

Exactly.

When I started watching Maraby's Town, I thought, well, I'm going to do something no one else would do.

Like, almost something you should never do.

And Maraby's Town, I said, that's it.

Mmm.

And so I started working on it and that's probably why I feel like I'm not working on it.

You just started now working on it?

Oh, no, no, sorry.

You're right.

I said that wrong.

It's like saying I'm getting engaged.

Um...

No, I...

You've completed your work on it?

I have not completed.

Oh, Scott and musical takes about seven years.

I'll tell you what.

Really?

You need that time because you don't want to have it covered head to toe and stick.

Right.

Okay.

We absolutely do not.

Oh.

So in approximately seven years, we'll see a Maraby's Town musical from...

Right, but it will be one more.

Yes, exactly.

Okay.

Wonderful.

Okay.

TikTok, of course, will be around seven years from now and everyone will, it will be just as popular then as it is now.

Well, my hope is to take it off of TikTok and perhaps perform it at the community playhouse at Dignity Falls.

I think it has to pay for pro to be able to take it off.

Yeah, like, what's up on TikTok, you can't know.

You, oh, it's up there forever.

Yeah, they have it.

Oh.

I think it's a lot of one platform.

I think it was my dream.

This was my dream.

We have to look at, we'll look it up.

This was my gypsy.

Look at my gypsy.

When you say that, you mean the musical gypsy.

I had a dream.

Okay.

Well, that's right, because you're a performer, like you do stuff at the community theater.

Oh, that's right.

I know right now.

Look at that.

I'm never an eye member.

It's all coming back to me now.

It's the great, great Jim Steinman.

Oh.

I thought we were going to say Silly Dion.

Well, Jim Steinman wrote it and he just...

Right.

No, no, I get it.

Right.

And Meat Loaf also sang it, so...

Is that weird?

He has a space between Meat and Loaf.

Interesting to distinguish it from the food.

Sure.

So, have you been in any production?

I mean, obviously there haven't been productions going on over the last year, I would think.

No, that's why I've just been performing in my own home and performing online for everybody.

But before this happened, I was working on a sort of a version of My Fair Lady that was going to be very, very dark.

Really?

Set in some sort of dystopian...

That's sort of what's popular on Broadway now, just to sort of take something old and classic and have everyone card in blood by the end.

Wow.

We talked about the Woke, LaHoma was the...

Oh, that's right.

The poor man told that you used.

That's right.

Yes.

We never got to do that.

During quarantine, you were working on...

I remember you were working on a socially distanced version of 12 Angry Men.

Was I?

Yes, you were.

Actually, I don't remember that.

I feel like I would have done 12 Angry Women.

Well, that was part of it.

Oh, yes, okay.

You were going to update it.

How about you do something permanent?

The socially distanced part of it?

Like they're what?

Okay, that's right.

So you...

Right.

So you, gosh, Burt remembers it better than I do, but so I was doing 12 Angry Men, but also some women in it.

So if they're six feet apart, that's like 72 feet wide or something.

Well, they had to build a special stage in the park.

Oh my God.

Because of course we're going to do this outdoors.

Right.

And it ran into a lot of money.

It ran into a lot of money building that special stage because they wanted to make it look like a...

A courtroom.

Wow.

But very wide.

And of course there was a lot of force perspective to make it look like you're always closer together.

Oh, okay.

And you had to get actors that were 12 different stages of tall.

Exactly.

To start.

Max, I feel like we must have discussed this.

Oh, we could have used you.

Yes.

Oh gosh.

Gotta crunch the numbers.

That's tricky.

Yeah.

So there was a super short person at the...

That's exactly right.

And then people got taller and taller as they went back.

Exactly right.

And the table got huger.

Yeah.

Warwick Davis played the foreman of the jury.

He was right up front.

And then the back of the new bowl...

It's still amazing.

It's the first acting from...

Her Davis to the new bowl.

It really ran the gamut.

I have a far reach.

I have a lot of old friends, you know, back in the night.

You know, I have a far reach.

My new bowl.

Yeah.

It's very true.

Yeah.

Joan is friends with everybody.

That is true.

Oh, that's very nice.

That's very nice to say.

Well, yes, to stick on the topic, we do have this podcast.

It's called the neighborhood.

Listen, where we take a post.

It's a sexual post from the neighborhood, which is one of those...

You know, you go online at night and on your app.

The neighborhood.

Is that what you said?

That's right.

And like if you hear a helicopter sometimes, you know, you go on one of those apps.

Hey, anyone else hearing helicopters?

Is this all in my crazy head?

Right.

Sometimes some of the post seems like they are.

It is in all their heads.

There's a lot of people that are not well that post on there.

And we try to help those.

We bring them on.

And you know, we let them explain themselves or if they're searching for someone.

Sometimes we find the person.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Sometimes I'll post this.

I'll post it about a very strange person.

And rather than talk to the person who posted that, we'll find the strange person.

You'll find the strange person who might find out what their motives were for being so strange.

Oh, the search is really good to find the strange people.

I'm the one that has all the friends, you know, like the famous friends.

And he just can track them down.

You're like a bloodhead.

I'm on my bike a lot.

Yes.

I...

What kind of bike you have?

It's a huffy, it's blue, and boy, it's just my best friend.

Racing stripes.

I painted over the racing trail.

Here's the thing.

I've tried to make the bike less conspicuous because I am going out at night.

I have this project where I'm determining probable crime scenes.

Oh, yes.

Oh, like minority report?

Did you say that's healthy?

Helpful.

Oh, helpful.

It's both.

So what I will do is, yes, I got like a pre-cog.

Okay.

But I don't see these things.

I do call them minority reports.

I do.

I...

For myself, yes.

You filed them.

I think that's another place for a crime could happen.

Why is that?

I just...

You know, crimes happening in the first word, putting those together.

I don't know.

There's already a movie and you might get sued.

Yeah.

You know what, Max?

Good point.

That was probably what you were saying, Scott.

Yeah.

Thank you.

So I will ride my bike to these places where I think a crime will happen.

And I'm not a vigilante.

Why do you think a crime will happen there?

Is it the neighborhood because crimes have happened there or just you have a feeling?

Like a spider sense?

Well, it's not anything supernatural or science fiction.

Yeah, birds doesn't believe in that stuff or even though people believe in super natural or science fiction.

You don't believe in super natural or science fiction.

No, I am...

Exactly.

I am spiritual.

I do not believe in ghosts, but I do believe in ghosts.

That's right.

And what I will do is, I will profile an area and say it's very dark here and this is kind of a dead end and somebody could very easily commit a crime here.

And so what I'll do is I will stake out that area and I will wait until the crime occurs.

Until the crime is about to occur.

My plan is, if I see the crime about to occur, I will yell, Hey!

And this of course will dissuade the person from committing the crime.

Of course.

Yeah.

See something?

It just means he worries so much that he's going to find himself, you know, becoming a part of an investigation because he's present at all of these...

Sure.

If you're a witness to these things, I mean, you may end up...

And how do you dress when you're doing that, birds?

Sure.

Well, I wear...

I wear coveralls and I have one of those minor tellments with the flashlight.

Okay.

So my thing is that...

And I also have a stitch on the front of the coveralls, like a stop sign.

Stop!

And so this is like cross stitching or this is like...

It's a beautiful cross stitch job.

Yes.

Oh, because my machine could do...

Yeah, you need a big stop sign on.

What's your machine?

It's like a bedazzling kind of like craft machine.

So you can put any kind of fabric in it.

You know the Bowflex, it's a lot of different things than one.

This is what it is.

Yeah, yeah.

It uses heat and it puts...

Can you also put your laundry on this?

Sure.

You could.

People do it with the Bowflex.

Put it under the bed.

Never look ahead.

That's right.

And we never speak of it.

So the idea is that somebody's going to come into crime.

And this is where I...

Joan, I want to put your fears to rest.

I would not be an accessory to a crime.

I would not be a suspect because I'm preventing the crime from happening.

I turn on my miner's lamp.

I point up my chest and I say, hey!

And that's it.

Nothing else.

That's it.

Have you ever seen a crime about to occur?

No.

Okay.

So that is...

So, but at some point you're going to wait it out long enough that...

I mean, I'm sure a crime has been committed on every square inch of this earth.

That's a chilling problem.

Very deep.

Including this room?

Yeah, I'm sure.

I'm sure.

At some point.

I mean, what is your line for...

What is your line for when this is definitely a crime that's happening?

Because I can just imagine like sometimes, you know, my fiance now, it's crazy to say like...

Oh, so crazy.

She has all these knives that she got from her family.

And they're like family gift...

We never use them.

But I might try to...

To each member of the family, give her a knife.

Is it like the murder on the Orient Express?

Like knives out?

Oh knives out.

Yeah, exactly.

So I will, you know, say we don't need all these knives.

I'm going to sell one of these knives maybe on an app or something like that.

Anyone need a knife.

Oh, but I don't want my fiance to know.

So I might go to the dead end that we live on, meet someone there, and then get out of the car and take a knife out.

They want to see the knife and maybe they're like, I'm not sure if I want to buy it.

I'm a salesman.

I come at them a little quickly with a little bit of elbow grease trying to get them to look at how nice the knife is.

It might be a little bit closer.

You're making too quick a decision.

Exactly.

It might appear like a crime, but to someone to a lay person such as yourself.

Well, now all I'm doing is saying, hey, turning on my headlamp and pointing at my chest.

So if there is no crime happening.

Yeah, what happens if these people would explain?

But when they don't run away, if you have criminals or a cowardly superstition.

I know that.

Wait, I just like to.

Oh, sorry.

My point is is if they just hear, hey, and they don't have anything going on, they'll just continue with their business.

And what point do you intervene or do you, if the hay doesn't stop them, you don't stop?

If the hay doesn't stop a crime, then a crime has been committed and then I go straight to the police.

Oh, wow.

And I'm a witness to the crime.

In Max's point though, he's not committing a crime.

You say, hey, he follows through.

You never intervene.

You just wait.

You just witness.

He follows through with the knife sale?

Yeah.

I just wonder why the knife sale has to happen in pre- I mean, don't you put a picture of the knife up on the knife?

I do, but I might be like, unless you put it next to a quarter, you don't know how big the knife is.

So these knives have been given to your fiance by her family, but you're taking the liberty of selling them?

And you're not selling them.

I am doing it right now.

Well, you sure am doing it.

I would.

You shouldn't be doing that.

I agree.

I'm so sorry.

You seem like such a nice, man.

My twins could learn so much from you.

They're much younger than you, but boy, oh boy, they're on their way to becoming young men.

And I'm just worried for them.

And you seem so put together.

I'm surprised by this knife turn.

I mean, I just feel like my entire kitchen, I open every drawer, it's knives, all it is is knives.

Nice knives knives knives knives knives.

Yeah.

And to be honest, if you said to me in that dark dead end, as I'm doing what I think is a, at least morally correct knife sale, if not legally correct.

If you were to say, hey, you know, I might not think I might just be like, I bet this guy was hired by my wife's family to get back her knife.

And I'm going to take out the gun I have in my waistband and I might shoot at you.

Oh, you're going to get another.

Hey.

Oh, well, once I see the flash of that muzzle, forget it.

In that case, you brought a gun to a knife fight, which is the correct.

That's great.

That's greedy.

You're not supposed to have both.

One guy has the knife.

One guy has the gun.

There's a other person doesn't have anything.

Well, I'm not there alone in a dark alley.

I don't know who's coming up.

I do take issue with only psychos with by the way.

I do take issue with it being morally correct that you're selling your wife's family's knives.

I have my fiance.

Excuse me.

You don't own these knives.

Do I listen to this?

This podcast.

She might lie down.

We have an arrangement and that's why we've lasted 10 years that she never listens to or supports any of my work.

So it keeps it sort of a clean line.

Now, Joan, in addition to being, I'll talk, Joan, in addition to being a terrific thespian and the top realtor in Dignity Falls is also she's done a bunch of advertising for various products in Dignity Falls.

Oh, Bert, you didn't need to do this.

Oh, no, I did.

Oh, really?

I did need to do it.

And she's, I didn't use things some songs the last time you were talking.

She's been so many jingles.

I probably did.

She's been so many jingles.

Once that Bert probably asked me to sing.

Right, right.

What are you going to ask me to sing today?

Well, I would say it's your choice.

You know, there's, there's so many things like if, let's say if it were to be a knife sale, that's someone were to hold a dark alley.

Well, that jingle go.

Wait, well, give me the scenario again.

It's a knife sale in the dark alley.

All right.

Okay.

A knife sale in a dark alley.

And this is a jingle for it.

Yeah.

The thing you do, someone's advertising this on television.

They really want to sell these knives.

In this dark alley.

There's certain stations my fiance doesn't watch and they might buy, you know, I might put it out on those.

Okay.

Hey, you need to stop.

Hey, you.

Yeah, you.

That knife is true.

I brought it for you.

So just give me the money and we will be gone.

We'll get it done before the dawn and don't you worry because the money's in a stack just by the night.

Don't take it out of my back.

Whoa.

Now, wouldn't that make you go to a dark alley and buy a knife?

Yeah.

Did the dark alley ever come up?

Well, you see that on the screen.

Oh, I got it.

I got it.

The genre is dark alley.

Got it.

And then the announcer at the end says the dark alley.

That's where you forgot that.

All right.

From the dark alley.

What I liked about this song is it gave me enough time to turn my back around and look at the TV because you said, Hey, you.

Hey, you.

That's so many times.

Yes.

I know it seems repetitive and we all giggle, but you know what?

It gave me time.

Yeah.

It gave me time.

Wow.

That is it.

That was incredible.

Oh, thank you so much.

This is Jones gift.

Should have spent more time on that one because I get to the end and then you're right.

Sometimes I do have to.

I'm like, Oh, this is a good premise for a sketch.

I know this sketch is talking about and it is a bummer because it's such a good premise for a sketch.

The aspirin that turns you into a demon and you're like, Oh, it had nothing to do but they didn't have an ending.

So they just put that up.

You big sketch comedy fan.

Was this a commercial you saw?

This is sketch of a commercial.

I know the sketch he's talking about and it is a bummer because it's such a good premise for a sketch.

The aspirin that turns you into a demon and you're just kind of like, Well, I'm swimming here.

Why?

Well, and there have been more.

But it's just a weird sketch about, you know, someone trying to train a dog, you know, to be outside and they're like, How did that have anything to do?

And it's because they just didn't really figure out how to end it.

So they smack an extra joke on because they're like, This is what it was really about.

Do you write sketch comedy?

No, I just watch a lot.

You watch a lot.

Oh, okay.

Just very plugged into the entertainment world.

She is aware of all these things.

Interesting, interesting.

Well, we have to take a break here.

I'm mainly due to time constraints with the show.

We don't really, yeah, I mean, our breaks are different, but if they do things differently here, this is the big second time being a guest on a podcast.

I know.

Was my show the first time?

Yes, it was.

I have an exclusive with you guys.

A default exclusive.

So you would be on other shows.

Oh, we'd love to be.

So if Conan O'Brien comes calling, his show ended last week.

I'll catch you up during the break.

You finally got that friend?

We'll be right back.

Oh, we have a religious leader coming up after the break.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang, we're back here.

Max Sylvesterie.

And we had mentioned the Fast and Furious in burnt.

I wanted to ask you about this.

This new Fast and Furious movie.

Now, you remember the Fast and Furious Hobson Shaw movie, right?

Fast and Furious presented where of it?

Yeah, Conan O'Brien doesn't see a lot of movies.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm pretty sorry.

I thought you might have a hot take on this.

But Fast and Furious presented Hobson Shaw.

And a previous guest was talking about why doesn't Fast and Furious present other movies?

And I thought they would present this new Fast and Furious movie because this is a perfect tie in for that.

That would make sense.

Fast and Furious presents.

Fast and Furious.

Fast nine.

The Furious saga.

It's just called Fast Nine.

I think it's Fast Nine Cole in the Furious saga.

It's not from the book of Furious.

It's not like the spiral.

Anyway, number one movie in the country just came out.

Oh, congrats.

Yes.

So I wondered if you had a take, but obviously you don't.

Well, okay.

Well, we do need to get to our, I've been sitting on that and waiting for really, I feel terrible.

Let me generate a take right now.

Okay.

I agree.

Thank you.

Well done.

Thank you.

Wait, what's your take?

You know, I just wish I could be.

I really want to be in one.

That's fine.

Oh, yeah.

I wanted to be one of the.

Villanuses, you know, I thought it was fate.

You would be a neighbor.

You know, how they're all.

Maybe that's how I start spots.

Yeah, they're always like they're in downtown LA somewhere and you know, Vin Diesel keeps a small house, even though he's super rich and part of a black ops family.

Yes.

And I'm just the neighbor that takes care of things while he's gone.

Waters is playing.

Yeah, exactly.

But you don't know that I'm a mass murderer.

Mr. Toronto has murderer.

How long are you going to be gone this time?

I'm trying to get this time.

That's right.

It is funny that like things that they could solve crimes or they do.

They're criminals themselves, right?

Things they could do.

Robin Hoods.

Things they could do so much easier without cars.

They have to do them in cars.

Like they want to break into a submarine plant.

It's so much easier to just like sneak over the fence and hop it, you know, instead they barrel through with cars, you know, the loudest things in the world.

Over the fence of the submarine plant.

All right.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest.

He's been on the show before.

He's a religious leader and, uh, oh, this is exciting.

So many people have been, everyone's been on the show before.

It's like we're old friends, um, but please welcome back to the show.

RL Bakes.

Hey, tides and honorings, tides and honorings.

Everybody.

Hey, man.

Tides and honorings.

That's my new greeting for 2021.

Amen.

Hey, man.

RL Bakes.

Welcome back to the show.

Oh, brother Scott.

Brother Scott is so good seeing you brother.

Are you related to RL Stein or no?

Oh, well, you know, me and RL we got, you know, normally people who are related share last names, but right, but we share, you know, first name, I, I wrote a book for him.

He wrote a book for him.

Really?

So you swap books?

We swap books.

I wrote goosebumps like a throw mama from the train swap.

Yes, it is.

So what book did he write for you?

Oh, he wrote he, what goosebakes?

He wrote bumps goose.

Oh, the one you wrote is so much more popular.

It seems like you should have kept that in your back pocket.

I should have, but you know, I'm a man of Christ.

And I give things to people who need it.

Okay.

Amen.

Hey man.

Welcome back to the show.

Thank you.

Last time you were on the show, tell us again, just recap a little bit about yourself.

Well, you know, I'm a bishop.

You know, you forgot to say bishop.

I'm a bishop of Christ.

Nothing I forgot.

I just chose not to.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you.

I'm a bishop of Christ.

I'm also an author.

My last book was the autobiography of King James.

That's right.

Yes, it was.

Excuse me.

He didn't get enough of his story out there in the book.

He wrote.

He did not get enough.

Everybody.

We always read his book, but nobody knows the man, King James.

And it was the autobiography.

So you wrote it in his voice.

I wrote it in his voice, which is we have established today that is what I do.

I write for people.

I write, I write more popular things than things I wrote for myself.

Right.

So, so that's your thing.

Oh, I have many things.

I have many things.

Oh, really talk about your own thing.

Men of Christ have many things.

I also make ice cream.

Oh, professional, you're in your spare time.

It must be a time.

Oh, really?

What did you happen to bring any?

You know, I bought it, but it melted because there's 90 degrees outside and I didn't have ice.

Oh, no.

Okay.

The devil is all around us.

He's hot.

That's right.

Is it?

Yeah.

The ice cream itself is not self freezing.

It's not self freezing.

Despite the name, it does not actually contain the properties of ice cream.

Despite the name of ice cream?

Yes.

I brought a bag of loose custard.

Hoping.

Yes.

It's really just cream.

I've brought this up on the show before.

It may have been different if hell, the whole, like, when people were describing hell, they were like, okay, let's make it hot.

What if they had said let's make it cold?

Oh, well, you know what I mean?

If they said let's make it cold, there would be no black people in hell because we don't like cold weather.

But that would be good.

That would be good.

Which would be good.

Which is why they didn't make it cold.

Oh, I see their child.

So they're a track people.

He was like, oh, it's hot.

I'll go there.

Yes, absolutely.

I just thought the whole iconography would be different.

So the pitch for key to have ice tongs.

Oh, you know, well, let me tell you a little something.

What would he be doing with the ice cream?

Let me tell you a little something people in the butt with him.

Yes.

Have you ever been poked in your butt?

What's your name, brother?

Bert.

Like B-R-U-N-T.

That's correct.

All right.

That's not.

No, that's correct.

With B-U-R-N-P.

You were so quick to agree with me.

I trust you, bro.

I trust you, of course.

Tides and not.

The man of the cloth.

That's not.

Tides and honor.

Are you passing on a basket?

Do you want us to put money in here?

Yes, please.

I don't want to.

Oh, okay.

There's a starter 100 in here, so it makes me intimidated.

I don't have any cash on me.

You don't have all the, let me tell you.

This is 2021, brother Scott.

Brother, sister Jane.

What's his sister Jane?

I don't want to do a good job.

Jane and brother.

Exactly, right?

I'll do something about you.

Your energy is just it makes me want to give you money and let you form me.

I hate a voice.

Whatever you want.

Hey, man.

Bless you.

I take them.

I take them all.

I take cash F.

I take PayPal.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

I take Zell.

Dogecoin.

I take Dogecoin too.

Yeah, man.

Dogecoin is the Bitcoin of Christ.

Okay.

What is it?

I should just put my whole phone in the basket.

Hey, man.

Okay.

All right.

I think that's a yes.

So what have you been up to?

I mean, we spoke to you.

I can't remember if it was pre-pandemic or in the middle of it, but I mean, the last time we spoke you obviously have all these books going on.

Yes.

What have you been doing since the last time?

This is in a roundabout way.

I want to ask you, what have you been doing lately?

You know, I've been, I've been, I've been, I've been sanctifying everybody.

You know, we, we are in the time of, of crisis.

In the time of crisis, everybody.

Everybody is, is, is evil in their spirit and in their heart.

Everybody is evil in their heart.

We're born sinners.

We are, a man.

Oh, that's right.

Hey, man.

Such an ink and see.

Bro, the Scott, bro, the Scott.

The first, the first time a baby shits his pants, he's a sinner.

Oh, yes.

That's the moment.

That's the first poo.

That first poo poo is, is a sin against the rest.

Yes.

So that he didn't want that he, that the baby doesn't let anyone know.

Is that the sin or is it that it's in the babies?

Like what, what, what I think is all wrapped up in the same thing.

It's all wrapped up in the same thing.

The diaper, yeah.

When, when was the last time you took a poo poo and you was like, this is a good thing.

All right.

It's, it's the best part of my day and if I'm lucky, it's the best part of us because you have not been sanctified yet.

Got you there.

Yeah, you should be ashamed of this.

Bishop, let me ask you.

Sometimes I take a shower right after.

Is that what you mean?

Well, you know, that, that you are one step closer to sanctification.

Bishop, does the Bible say anything about going to the bathroom?

Oh, the Bible says many things about going to the Bible.

Open your Bibles up to Romans.

I don't know that any of us brought here.

Oh, I have one on my phone, but it's in the basket.

Yeah, oh no.

Oh, no, no, no.

You never read the Bible on the phone.

Never read the Bible on the phone.

Oh, really?

What happened?

You go directly to hell.

I thought that was a way to be a little closer to God.

I'm always on the go.

I've got my phone.

Oh, no, no, you only read the book that Kings James wrote.

Oh, oh, oh.

Yeah, this is a good tip.

Okay.

Good tip.

I don't know what you're going to say though.

Open your books to...

Open your books to Romans 8 to 8.

Oh, Romans 8 to 8.

But since you don't have books, I will not be reading the Scripture.

Okay.

All right.

Oh, I thought you had it memorized.

Oh, are you testing me?

It's Sister Jo.

Oh, well...

Sister Joan, yes.

Sister Joan.

I love it.

We used to do that in Bible school.

And I went into a church going real well.

Are you?

And it was called Scripture Chase.

Oh, oh.

And someone would just yell out, you know, a clasierasties, you know, 12, 9.

And then...

And everyone would all sit there and you just...

You try to find it really quickly.

You try to find it.

Oh, okay.

So no one would memorize it.

I know.

Based on what you were talking about earlier.

Yes.

You were just...

You just...

You just threw me under the competition.

You know what?

You didn't memorize it.

No, but...

But see, sometimes I did so that I would just pretend to rush forward.

And I would just raise my hand and already said I had it.

Oh.

I'd be quoting the clasierasties and let me tell you, I'd have my finger on John.

Oh!

So you were lying in church.

And I'm still here.

That's not okay.

Yes, I'm still here.

And the devil would quote Scripture to suit his own purpose.

That's right.

What's your favorite one?

Oh, yes.

What's my favorite one?

Yes.

And we'll go around the table.

Sure.

Don't worry about tomorrow.

Today has enough troubles of its own.

Oh, Matthew.

Yes.

He's not...

But be any more worried about tomorrow?

Ha ha ha.

Ah, Matthew.

Oh my gosh.

Brother Scott.

What is it?

Oh, Matthew.

What is your favorite Scripture?

I came to ask you this.

I'm a John 315 guy.

Oh!

You know?

Let me tell you about John 3.

John 3 16 gets all the love.

And it's like, what about the setup?

It doesn't make any sense without that.

You know?

It's like, so then God came over to Jesus and he said...

God came over to Jesus.

He kept holding two different people at this point.

And it's like the freaky Friday situation.

Yes, amen.

Amen.

Well, let me tell you what is going on here.

They are looking for their souls.

I just...

Berndon Jonah, they lost something on the floor.

Yes, yes.

They have checked out.

We're fine.

We're having a meeting.

Mr. Jones says she said, just script y'all go in.

Say my now answer, brother Berndon.

The script you're about bathrooms.

828.

Roman 828.

Oh, so just one Roman.

That thing is...

Yes.

So Romans was the sequel to Roman?

Yes.

Another one showed up.

Romans is the sequel to Rome.

It's the two fast, too serious of Rome?

Yes, absolutely.

Amen.

And Roman 828 says, douse shall not flush.

When the flusher is not properly stationed on the toilet.

Oh, flusher is not properly stationed on the toilet.

Interpret that.

Wow.

Oh, it's up to interpretation.

Up to interpretation.

I see, because it didn't seem like it made sense.

I would interpret that as saying, don't flush if...

You're just repeating what he said.

Yes, I said it.

Yes, I am.

Yeah, you got me.

The way I was told he said the whole thing.

Brother Maxwell.

I mean, I know it's about flushing, but it also feel like if I were to have children and say a son and he didn't listen to me, it'd be okay to shake him.

Is this me?

I'm sorry.

Speaking as a woman who has two sons.

They never flushed.

Really?

I could have cross-stitched that outside of the bat.

Wouldn't have mattered.

It wouldn't have mattered.

They're twin sons, Matt and Gerd.

That's right.

Matt and Gerd, amen.

Joan, with your sons, Joan, with any of the other neighbors, you ever in one of those slap situations?

You ever see that?

The slap?

Oh my goodness.

I know what you're talking about, but I did not see it.

And it's something where one parent slaps the child of another parent.

Another parent, yeah.

What happened to you?

A parent was slapping my twins.

Well, no, my twins were slapping the parents.

Oh, reverse slap.

Reverse slap.

That would have been the name of my pilot.

We allowed that in my church.

We allowed to reverse slap.

Yes.

We'll slap fast over there.

Oh, it's a slap fast.

Slap fast.

Slap of Christ, we call it.

Slap of Christ.

Zachary Quinto or Peter Skarsgarder to cross as you had a barbecue.

Thou shalt slap it.

Or any Australian person.

Let me ask.

Does the Bible, Bishop Jake, say anything about it?

What about that slap game where you put your hands out and then somebody else puts their hands on top of your...

Oh, yes, yes, yes.

A immediate intro entry into hell.

What?

A immediate.

For both people?

For both people.

It seems like the answer for almost everything that isn't an immediate...

How are we all here still?

This brings up...

Is there any like one-way ticket to heaven?

Is there anything you want to do that automatically gives you a shoot right up there?

I thought you never asked.

See, man, amen.

You see, I got a book series.

I got a new book series coming out.

It's a book of three.

It's called Woman Thou Odd Loost.

It's called Man Thou Odd Loost.

Oh, that's right.

And the third one is called Help.

I'm too loose tonight.

I've fallen and I can't get a...

Oh my gosh.

Wow, really?

Now, I saw this play one time.

I think it was called I Can Get Loosed All By Myself.

Oh, yeah.

And then plagiarism.

Platerism.

Really?

Platerism of my book series.

It's a guy named Perry Tyler and Matthew Perry Tyler.

Could it be any more of that guy?

My sneakers are Perry Tyler.

I don't know.

These books under your name, are you writing these for somebody else?

Oh, these are under money.

These are under money.

Yes, yes, yes.

Have you written books for other people, though, other than goosebumps?

I have written books.

I've written books for Joel Osteen.

Oh, okay.

It's called We Don't Let People In Our Church.

Bestseller.

Well, speaking of selling, are you saying, is your answer to burnt that if we buy this three book series, is that the ticket?

Oh, yeah, I guess I forgot it.

Yes, it is.

That's the ticket to heaven.

Now, that's a very clever campaign you're running for.

Oh, I don't run campaigns.

I speak for Christ.

Okay.

Did Christ say something about these three books in the Bible?

Oh, yes, it is.

Yes.

What do you say?

Oh, in Revelation?

In Revelation.

I thought Revelation's...

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Is it Revelation?

I don't know.

It is, Carol.

There's no prequel.

There should be.

There's no Revelation.

Well, let me tell you, Revelation's two.

Revelation's two.

Not the chapter.

Oh, so the third in the series.

The third in the series.

Okay, so it goes Revelation.

Revelation, there's Revelation's two.

Revelation's two.

Okay, they didn't follow up Revelation with a two.

No, no, no, no.

Okay, let me like Revelation's where the D is a five, you know?

I feel like this is like Van Halen album titles, you know, or it's...

You know, Van Halen 3 was actually their eighth album.

Yeah, or horror films, you know.

Revelations 2, the Revelation thing.

Yes.

Ooh, that could be...

Let me write that down in one second.

I only say that the real Revelation was the book of Luke.

I mean, it's the best written book of all.

So Luke was a funny man.

Luke was a funny man.

What's he really?

He was a funny man.

Always telling jokes.

Who are you this joke?

Oh, the Apostle Luke.

The Apostle Luke.

Always telling jokes.

They would go a little bit like that.

Knock knock.

Who's there?

Orange.

Orange, you're glad I didn't say knock knock.

He started that?

Yes, Luke started the first knock knock jokes.

Primeless.

Yes.

He doesn't get a lot of play in the other books.

No.

I mean, they're not ever saying like, meanwhile, Luke was doing this or like he tends to disappear.

Luke was writing his jokes.

He was slaving.

As a matter of fact, I was listening a little bit earlier.

You can learn a little bit from Luke.

Max, you said you ain't writing your jokes.

They're Maxwell.

Yes.

You can learn a little bit from Luke.

You said it, Max.

Those are just the ads you're used to seeing, I guess, for you.

Well, he had it right.

He had it right.

This is trying not to come.

That's what that's together.

What?

That's the bad minimum.

I'm trying to come up.

When you see what he looks like now.

If you can click on a clickbait and don't come, that is the bad minimum.

Oh, you want a cast?

This is good to know.

You see what the cast a little wonder looks like now.

Try not.

That's a little wonder.

Small wonder?

What a lot of people don't know is clickbait are actually headlines from heaven.

We had in Dignity Falls there was a local program called Little Love.

Oh, I understand.

Where the whole family was robots and the little girl was real.

She thought she was going crazy.

Yes, she did.

Interesting.

All right.

Well, we are running out of time, but you're going to be excited about this because the only thing that we have left to do on the show is a little something that we call blogs.

Hey, man.

If you want me to plug, I'll be around in plug.

The kind of person who really does plugs.

Well, if you want me to plug, I'll plug, plug, plug, plug, plug.

Oh, very nice.

That was if you want me to plug by Afro Duck Sounds.

Afro Duck Sounds, thanks to them.

And guys, why don't we plug in Max?

I don't know what you have to plug, but you know, all plugs are welcome in this section of the show.

Please rent on demand Sonic the Hedgehog.

I can go into details, but because of that offer, I still do get a little.

I see a small piece of that.

I see something on the back end.

I don't Sonic that back end, that big tail.

Oh, my God.

Big mouth season four is out now on Netflix.

All right.

And you are a writer on that.

Oh, no, I'm just a big fan.

Oh, I just, you know, I would.

Yeah, I hope they make more.

Wait, I've seen that cartoon.

It's one of the cartoons I've seen.

And there's these two cops.

I feel like I remember seeing you on that show.

No, no, this is a common mistake.

There are two characters who look exactly like me and another comedian, Paul F. Tomkins.

And we were not graced with even an offer of an audition to play these roles.

Is that right?

Yeah, well, I don't know.

But they are drawn and based on us, yes.

And the creator of Big Mouth, I can't recall his name.

He had plausible deniability saying that he thought it was David Caruso and Dennis Franz.

Mm-hmm, which is what their voices are and also the character designs every human face.

Looks exactly the same on that show.

Right.

But anyone who ever sees it assumes it's us.

Oh, I was confused.

Yeah, one of those people.

Yeah, interesting.

Burn to end Joan, what would you like to plug here?

I'd say F. Look, songs sound a lot like my jingle.

Oh, yeah, I'm proud.

No, that was better.

No, you're a great figure.

Thank you, Bishop.

Thank you.

That's right, because you weren't paying attention.

I wasn't ready.

Yeah, I was like, what does he say to a fuck?

Did you do a first draft of the Give Me a Break song for KitKat?

Before they went with the one they went with?

Hand me a piece, hand me a piece.

Pull off a piece of that KitKat bar.

Interesting.

Hand me a piece.

Yeah, the non-kitty.

It's a very existing phrase, and that's why they decided to go give me a break.

Got me off a slice of that KitKat sandwich.

Oh, that would have been good, too.

Yeah, that would have worked.

Well, we could certainly like...

That actually sounds really good, right?

My mouth is watering.

It's kind of humiliating.

We would, of course, like to plug the neighborhood.

Listen, season three, it's on Stitcher Premium.

You can use the...

You go to Stitcher Premium.com slash Neighborhood slash...

Yes, slash Neighborhood.

That's right.

Yep.

And use the code neighbor to get a three-month trial.

It shouldn't be neighbor and neighbor or neighborhood and neighborhood.

Nope.

You know what I mean?

Nope.

It shouldn't be, and it isn't.

Okay, got it.

Like, there's that kimster.

You too.

I love it.

So, go to Stitcher Premium.com.

Stitcher Premium.com slash Neighborhood.

Neighborhood.

And then enter the code neighbor and gets you like a free month, and you can listen to all of the shows.

That's right.

It is the United States spelling of the shape, road, and neighbor.

Okay, good to know.

So, no use.

Across the pond.

Don't do it.

Okay.

Although, we want them, I-e-u to listen to it.

But, anything else to plug?

All plugs are welcome here.

I consider plugs to be like children.

I can't pick a favorite, so anything else you want to plug is welcome here in this section.

Just my TikTok, which is at Jontini, and you can check out songs from Merrivystown.

Okay.

The title track, all the way to Shady Priest is one of my favorites.

Shady Priest.

Okay, yeah.

So, you're up to about episode three.

I've got about six, no, I mean I've written about seven songs.

I have about seven.

Yeah, so you can check them out.

And if you're in the dignity falls area and you happen to walk past my apartment building, and you see my ventriloquist dummy Connie in the window, do wave at him because I'd like to see if he comes alive.

Okay, so are you watching him?

I keep watching him.

I will sit in my apartment, I'll watch him, he's in the window.

Okay.

And I'm just waiting for that little arm to- So, lift up.

Just waiting for that right person to walk by.

Exactly, exactly.

And he is still wearing a mask because it helps his jaw.

Yes, Connie got COVID.

Which was- Oh, sorry.

Yes.

All right, RL Bakes, what do you like to plug here?

Oh, you know, I'm gonna go ahead and plug my three books.

Okay, well, Woman Dao Atlust, which is on sale everywhere for $9.89.

Man, $9.89.

That's- Heart cover?

A soft.

Oh, there we go.

The softest.

That's like Kleenex for- It is the softest paper that God has ever created.

I'm curious what the price of the second and third books are- Oh, and the second one, let me tell you.

Man Dao Atlust is on sale everywhere for $15.99.

On sale, so it's normally twice as much?

It's the first book?

It's normally $30, but that book specifically is on sale for $15.99.

And then help, I am so loosed that I've fallen and I can't get up.

It's on sale just in a few places.

Oh, so $99.99.

Wait, that's on $9.99.

It's on sale in just a few places?

Just a few places.

Meaning it's at the sale price or- Is it the sale price?

Should you- But it's available many places.

But it's available everywhere.

Oh, okay.

I thought you had to go to select stores to buy all three, but you could get the first two anywhere.

You can get the first two anywhere.

You can get them all anywhere.

They're just at different prices at different places.

God, God, God.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Interesting.

Any podcasts or anything?

Oh, well, you know.

Oh, my way to here.

I was listening to a show.

I've gotten into reality television lately.

Yes, amen.

And I listened to a show called The Cast with Ray and Jacis.

It's a beautiful show.

They watch a whole bunch of great reality TV moments.

And then they are picking people from those moments to be on what they are calling an all-star cast of reality TV stars.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

And then also they actually had the last episode of Herr.

They had Johnny Bananas from the Imp Choney Banana Challenge.

Johnny Bananas is the challenge.

Yes.

Hey, yeah.

Not the Johnny Bananas from Entourage.

No, no, no.

Different Johnny Bananas.

That Johnny Bananas is going to hell.

Can you believe there's two Johnny Bananas in our multiverse?

Yes, exactly.

Well, here's the character from Entourage is going to hell.

The drawing.

Let me ask you, what about everyone else from Entourage though?

Are they going to hell too?

Well, most of Turtle is going to hell too.

Turtle is going to hell.

We like Turtle.

Okay.

Everyone's going to hell.

Sure, but everyone else is going to hell.

Especially Jeremy Pivens.

In the reality draft.

Is he saying Jeremy Pivens?

He's saying yes.

Oh, next time I'm back, if I'm ever back, I'll bring you his recording that he sent me is called The Presence of the Lord.

Oh, I know.

Jeremy Pivens.

Not to be confused with his special where he went to India called Jeremy Pivens Journey of a Lifetime.

A true thing that happened.

One of the first HD shows I remember it was presented at HD on Direct TV HD.

Wow.

So you could see Jeremy's T-shirt eat carbs in all its high definition glory.

Let me ask you this.

On this reality show cast, do any of the members of the Loud Family get in there?

The Loud Family.

No.

Okay.

Good to know.

Alright, ask and answer.

That's it.

Moving on.

No.

I want to plug my other podcast, ThreeDome.

I guess it's not my podcast.

I share it with two other people, but that comes out on Thursdays.

That's a comedian Paul F. Tomkins and a different comedian Lauren Lapkis and then a guy named me.

We all hang out and we talk and we tell stories and then we play a game at the end.

That comes out on plays.

Like a game.

It's more of a three-chair, but it's...

Oh, this sounds like the best part.

Yeah.

A lot of people either like it or do not like it.

Why?

It sounds like something to like.

It definitely sounds like something that I like to do.

But that can be found anywhere podcasts are bought and sold.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

Open that ship.

You gotta open up the plug bag.

Open it up.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open it up the plug bag.

Make sure it's not closed.

Open up the plug bag.

Make sure you got it.

I said, Jim.

Hey, don't mess around with it.

Wow.

That is a good sound.

That was it.

Hey, great.

I love it.

Oh, that's a good sound.

I love it.

Oh, that's a good sound.

I love it.

I expected it to go like honestly.

Thank you for shortening these remixers.

I appreciate it.

I expected that to go on for another minute.

That was Cloe Pen the plug bag by Lex415.

Thank you, Lex415.

Interesting scheme to get people to do it and then they do it too long and then you say thanks for shortening.

No, and maybe the key is to not ask them to do it.

Okay.

Well, sure.

I'll do that.

Please don't do this.

You too.

I'll tell you what.

I do feel as if we've been old friends.

Yeah.

There are certain.

There's a certain amount of guests who come on the show and have a very antagonistic relationship with me.

And it's I feel like you're falling into that camp.

If you need prayer, brother Scott, for this problem, you know where to come.

You know where to come.

Thank you so much.

Well, I know where to come to thank all of you for being on the show.

I dare you not to come.

Don't come if you want a band that meets this one thing.

Max, so great to see you.

Please, can we check in in approximately 365 days, 366 or so to see exactly what you've been up to in the previous 365?

I would love that.

Yeah.

Thank you so much for being on the show.

Appreciate it.

And Berndt and Joan, great.

Obviously, continued success with your own podcast.

Oh, thank you.

You know, you're kind of, you know, you're a competitor at this point.

So I don't know if I should feel.

We don't think of ourselves that way.

Oh, really?

We consider ourselves sort of almost a tourism.

Oh, that's right.

That's right.

Okay.

Yeah.

There's no there's no.

There's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no there's no.

Oh, okay.

Good.

Yeah.

Good to know.

And then RL Bakes.

So great to see you again.

Tides anonymous to you as well.

Tides anonymous.

And Tides anonymous to you out there.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
