♪♪♪ Be the change you have in your pocket, basically useless.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Juicy Jessie, the Juice Man Jessie, for the catchphrase submission.

Thank you so much Juicy Jessie, the Juice Man Jessie, and people are constantly, by the way, asking me, where do I send my catchphrase submissions?

I don't know.

Where do you send your plug songs?

I don't know.

If you can't figure it out, you don't get heard on this show.

But speaking of being heard on this show, we have a great one today.

My name is Scott Ockermann, by the way, and these guests coming up are going to be heard on this show and felt in your heart.

Coming up a little later, we have a...

I don't quite know how to describe this guy, but he works in someone's store.

I know that.

We also have a chef, a celebrity chef.

That's exciting, amongst other wonderful things going to happen on this show.

But first, why don't we just get right to him?

He has been on this show once, I believe, in Boston.

He was the guest of honor in Boston because he is from that area.

He is, you know him not only as the co-host.

You considered yourself a host or a co-host.

The only host.

The only host, okay.

Of Doughboys, Jason Tinek Weiger, who I guess is co-host and your host.

Subhost.

Subhost, yes.

You're the Dom host.

You're the sub host.

But he is in a new movie, which is just came out on Friday, which people can stream on Amazon currently called The Tomorrow War, starring Chris Pratt of all people.

Welcome back to the show.

Quincy's own Mike Mitchell.

Thank you for having me.

And I guess when you had me on that stage that time, it was because...

Your family was there.

My family was there and the birthday boy show was a disaster.

It's like a spectacular disaster where no tech works.

Oh, was that the one in Boston where nothing works?

Yes.

Oh, I'm sorry.

And so I was like, and your parents were there and said, you know what, come out on stage and I'll interview you.

Is that what it was?

Yes.

My family was booing me.

And so you're like, we need to turn this around.

It was a nightmare.

So you really threw me along.

So then they booed me.

Then they booed you.

They established...

No, it's one of our rare afternoon shows.

And then didn't you also, like, all of you guys stayed up at the SNL party the night before, like, drinking?

That's right.

You never went to sleep and you finally caught the train at like 8 a.m. or something?

Hanford nearly messed...

My kid nearly messed himself.

He nearly messed himself.

He was so scared that we were late that we were messed himself.

Oh my goodness.

We might be late.

But yeah, that was a rare matinee show.

And your parents got tickets for that one for some reason.

They got knocked out of the park.

I think it was one of the highest rated comedy bang bang shows of all time.

Truly, truly was.

I remember having a good time there.

But welcome back to the show.

And then you also people would know you.

You were on the comedy bang bang TV show as, I guess, Mitch the intern.

I was this guy who just stolen from cartoons, the guy who's dumb.

Now is that an exaggeration of your Quincy accent or is that you doing a New York accent?

The way I'm talking right now is a character and that is actually my real voice.

Oh, okay.

Now, Mike, you're in...

Should I call you Mitch or Mike?

I normally call you Mitch, but I don't know what your professional name is now that you're a big movie star.

Hmm.

Still Mitch.

Okay, Mitch, you're in this big movie, The Tomorrow War.

I talked to you probably the last oh boys at Marie Calendars.

Yes.

I talked to you before you shot it.

Mm-hmm.

It sounded really exciting.

Over pie.

Over pie?

Yeah, that's right.

3.14.

And we tell people what it is because, I mean, I'm sure, look, it's a big huge Chris Pratt movie.

I'm sure people know what it is, but tell the uninitiated exactly what this movie is.

It's a throwback sci-fi adventure movie like Independence Day where a group of soldiers from the future travel 30 years to the past and they say aliens are...

They're eating us.

They're fucking us up.

They travel back to the past and they say aliens are eating us.

They're fucking us up.

Those are their first words.

I don't know if that's the least word.

Who do they talk to the president?

They go, they travel back in time.

They talk to the president.

Aliens are eating us.

Fucking us up.

Say no more.

It's Donald Trump.

In the movie, he has the second term.

Oh, okay.

We were just predicting.

It really is a fantasy.

And they say aliens are eating us.

They're fucking us up.

And you guys are going to help us.

The people from the past.

Basically, let me see if I can explain this a little better.

So in the future, aliens have come over and taken over the world.

Aliens have...

Yes.

It also gets into like spoiler territory.

But aliens are there.

Aliens are there.

And so soldiers from the future come back and say, let's fight them in the past in order to prevent it from happening.

Soldiers from the future come to the present day and say, we're going to take you from this present day to the future.

Oh, to the future.

If you fight the aliens in the future.

This doesn't make any sense.

I'm out.

For this reason, I'm out.

I mean, a lot of my Quincy friends are like, did time travel logic so many things?

Did you want to go 60-40 with me on this?

I don't know.

For 10% of the company, I don't know.

I play a fat soldier named Cowan.

Now, did you have to wear an even fatter suit?

How did this...

I wore a slimming vest for the role.

So there was a lot of running.

It's funny because I was one of the only people that didn't get hurt.

It's truly every person got hurt.

And the director was like, I can't believe you didn't get hurt.

He doesn't sound like that at all.

Part of the concept of this movie is it's regular people fighting aliens, right?

So you're like a regular person, it's Marilyn Rice cubbed, friend of the show, other people like that.

Sam Richardson is someone from the present, gets drafted to the future and he's hilarious and I'm there as well.

I'm like a second-tier comic relief, which is pretty incredible.

Yeah, that's great.

Yeah, I'm like the annoying guy that's there.

Amazing.

And yeah, my character does very well as you can tell in the movie.

I don't know what that means.

It's a big fat loser guy.

He's an monster movie.

He knows he's going to make it all the way to the end.

He's going to be at the end with Pratt.

Yeah, just him and Pratt hugging at the end.

We did it.

High-fiving each other.

We're the only two that made it.

Now I did read an article about you where you had to do a very special team machine gun shot or something like that.

I shot a gun.

Yeah, I shot a gun for the really the first time ever.

I was shooting an AR-15.

A lot of people said I looked like a capitalist insurrectionist.

You just trotted over there in your off hours.

And when a photo went up, that's what everyone was saying.

It's true that I was also at the Capitol that day.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

Of course, you had an issue with what is going on in our country.

I was there to see what was going on.

And I shot a gun outside.

So there was like a fire fighter there and a cop there.

And they were like, here, fire the guns.

Were they friends?

They were great friends, actually.

Oh, wow.

That's so amazing.

I always think those types of people would be friends.

They had their arms around each other.

It was very intimate.

And so they said, fire the gun.

Make sure you're like, not we want to see if you're not like a fool.

But we went through a full week.

So before the cameras were even rolling, they wanted you to fire the gun to make sure you were not a fool.

They wanted to.

Yes.

They wanted there were other tests to see if I was a fool too.

But they wanted to like cognitive test IQ test.

I failed most of them.

Like you took your SATs again from what I heard.

Yes.

And I did not.

I did not.

You got a 730 total?

I got a 730, which can get you into a college.

Look, I mean, that's a great reservation time for a restaurant.

But for the SATs?

Tell me about it.

I couldn't get that tonight.

845.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Yeah, by then it's like you're halfway in bed.

I know.

It's terrible.

We went to the premiere last night.

I'll get into that in a second.

But or maybe not.

I'll talk to you about it.

I'm going to write a little note right here.

Ask about premiere.

Okay.

Not the magazine.

Okay.

Good.

Got it.

We could talk about that too.

Roman Wackster?

One of my favorites.

So I shot the gun and then they were like before I even did anything there.

Shoot the gun to make sure that the sound doesn't scare you basically.

So how many do they say like what percentage of people basically are like, nope, scared him too much.

I just get to shoot the gun.

I think it is.

I think they trained a bunch of us and they were like, so because they're drafting ordinary people, they were like, they're 70 year olds and stuff.

And so we were doing train gun training.

We did it for a full week with the Navy Seal.

Did you have to do boot camp as well or just gun training?

It was basically the first day was basically boot camp and they told us to dress comfortably and then it was like a full.

Were you in like a lion shirt?

Basically, yes.

I was just comfortable to me.

And that I was I was dressed down and I was and then they made us run like all day that day.

And I remember I was like, I'm going to throw up and I looked over and there was like a 70 year old woman and she was doing fine.

I was like, fuck, I can't throw up before this old woman does and I'll feel bad.

Did she ever throw up and you got to throw up?

I made her throw up.

I punched her in the stomach pretty hard.

She's no longer in the movie.

She dropped out.

So they so they put this gun in your hand to see if it scares you to see if the noise scares you.

I shot it and then they I went upstairs and the director was like, all right, so do you go do this?

I'm going upstairs after doing that.

I would think the director would come down to you but they make you go upstairs.

They took me outside just to shoot it and then they brought me upstairs into an office building.

So I was in a hallway in an office building and I hear a noise in the ceiling.

It got cut from the movie but but not all of my shooting got cut but this shooting got cut.

So I see so you they bring you upstairs to shoot the gun.

They brought me upstairs to shoot the gun.

It was a hallway and they're like, you can't pass you can't pass your muzzle across anyone's face because even though they're blanks they can like still blow someone's face off basically and a guy.

Oh, face.

Right.

They brought in Travolta and then caged to tell us this.

Look, we're only going to say two words in this whole thing.

The drill instructor is going to take over most of this.

It feels like a way to do it.

You're getting out.

What do we say?

And they were then they and they demonstrated they took a bottle of water and they and they put it in front of the blank and they shot it and the bottle exploded.

Right.

And they're like, that's if you get it.

And so so they were like, you can't cross your muzzle cross on his face.

And then the the tech guys like the pyro guys were like, you have a second and a half to go like back and forth to have your gun go back and forth in the ceiling to follow the squib.

So it looks real.

And it's pointing it upwards towards the ceiling.

Yes.

A person who has a podcast is pointing to the ceiling.

And then and he was like, so it's you have like a second and a half where you have to follow the squib.

Because the squibs are basically coming from above you and you need to follow the same pattern in order to make it look realistic.

Yeah.

And you have to do it within a second half.

And so there was no like demonstration and they're like, and if you don't do it right, we had like reset, it takes like 45 minutes to reset.

And then so like you can't cross anyone's face and we're in a hallway.

Hey, don't kill anyone.

Yes.

It'll take us 45 minutes to reset if you do anything else.

Yes.

And so I was like, well, this is awful.

And then I did it.

And I was so sure I would do everything wrong.

And I did it.

And like it was the only time in my life where people cheered for me.

People were like, yeah, they cheered for me.

And no one said I did good acting, but they said they were happy that I just kill anyone.

Yay.

They were happy that my that the I followed the squibs.

That was how it is.

And that but that is not in the movie.

It's not it's not in the movie to that.

So yeah, nice long anecdote.

You can't see it ever.

I have a note here.

It says ask about premiere.

I was at the premiere last night with my moment sister.

And that's that we just we walked to the red carpet and they watch it.

They came out from the Quincy area to.

Yeah.

They came out from Quincy to be my dates.

Right.

I know what you freaks are thinking.

I didn't get lucky.

I was trying.

But we have a lot of freaks too many freaks I think who listened to this show.

So I'm glad that you clarified.

Continue.

My mom and sister are sleeping in my bed and I got the couch.

Sucks.

But they're very excited.

They're very excited to be there.

That's that's a such a nice time when you can invite your loved ones to something that is such a huge deal not everyone gets to do something like that and have a big movie with like a major movie star and have like a you know, I mean, a lot of us get to be in movie like I was in gold member, but I don't say any lines.

Just seem you're looking at my ass the entire time.

Like you have a substantial part and that doesn't happen for everyone.

So yeah, big deal and might probably never again.

So I was very happy to have them there and to be there and to celebrate it.

And my mom went up and talked to JK Simmons and Wesley Snipes was there.

I thought you were going to say JK Rowling, but notorious turf.

She would never.

My mom would never talk.

And you know what speaking of which on the she wasn't even invited to the premiere.

Really?

Nope.

Okay, good.

And Bill Cosby wasn't there.

He got out of jail yesterday, but he did not just swing on by.

It would be so weird if he had introduced the movie.

Great.

Oh God.

He was not there though.

I made sure of it.

You said Wesley Snipes was there.

He was there.

Yeah.

I was about to the Amazon photo person was like, hey, Mike, get a photo with Wesley Snipes.

And then another more famous actor came over and they took a photo together instead of me.

But I was still in the background when that happened.

So I'm in the photo.

Oh, good.

Okay, that's great.

But it was it was it was it was a great night.

And I hope people enjoy the movie.

It's a very I hope so.

Well, by at this as a press time, they have not sent me the movie.

It has not come out yet.

That's fucked up.

Well, I mean, you're the only person I'm talking to.

So you would have handled it if that were a possibility.

But so I've not seen it.

I'm curious at my people right now.

But when this episode drops, it will be out.

It'll have been out for approximately three days or so.

And it was it was going to be in theaters at one time.

Yes.

But then everything got fucked up.

Well, here's news.

Everyone in this room who and right now it's just me and you, of course, of course, but everyone in this room.

I was going to try to rent out a theater and watch it in the theater.

And I was going to invite everyone in this room, which is you and I.

And then what happened?

I'm just very late on it.

I've I've message theaters and they haven't they haven't returned by call.

So yeah, I understand.

But that would have been fun to do.

But yeah, I'm still I'm still trying to do.

I'm still trying to do it.

You get a copy of it.

I could we'll talk after.

Okay.

Yes.

Okay.

And regarding do boys you want to talk about catches up on?

Yeah, we're good morning America thing.

That's kind of came out.

That's coming gone.

We're still doing episodes.

We're ready to go back on the on the we were doing a tomorrow warm-on.

We and we had we had Sam Richardson and Pratt on last week.

Oh, wow.

And now you're are you good buddies with Pratt now because you were on Parks and Recreation with him.

We're mostly Jim buddies.

Oh, okay.

Jim Belushi, buddy.

Just get together.

We'll pick Jim.

Jim, we think that he's the funnier Belushi and we bond over it and we no I I.

Speaking of bond, do you think you'll get to be the next bond?

I think now that I've shot a gun.

And didn't scare you.

It didn't scare me.

That is one thing.

Yeah, I mean like Daniel Craig and Pierce Brosnan.

It could have gone either way with those guys.

It might have scared them.

A lot of people like like Daniel Craig.

He's kind of like a unconventional looking bond.

And so I feel like if they keep pushing that and then they could come down to me.

I think it might.

But go ahead with what you were going to say.

You and Pratt buddies.

A bond who can't chase anyone.

All right.

Well, I'll catch him whenever I get to Monaco again.

Pratt and I are yeah, I could say you were close to best friends.

Yeah, that's amazing.

You guys should do a two-hander.

You know, I mean, look, Melissa McCarthy popped off of that bright-sames movie and then she did, you know, like things like spy and stuff like that.

Yeah.

It could be you next.

He was he was.

I remember he has a shirtless scene and a spoiler alert.

There's a shirtless scene with him in the movie.

Okay.

I have one too.

Okay.

But I'll answer that.

It's like a split screen.

It's like choose which side of the screen you want to look at to get horny.

It's like a competition.

They put it in there to make the audience was too horny.

So I'm the following scene.

Oh my God.

All those people won't be able to see the screen in front of with their boners in front of their eyes.

They called me the yeah, I'm the cooler basically.

But he had a shirtless scene and he was in the gym working out one day and he and I was in there on the treadmill at three miles per hour.

I walking on the treadmill and his trainer came over Jared and a great guy and he was like, he's Jared from Subway.

It's Jared from Subway.

Wow.

Because you lost a lot of weight.

It makes sense.

He is.

Yeah.

Pratt lost a lot of weight.

He was out and go look at all that.

Look at how big I used to be.

And that's a Pratt saw that I believe in.

Not a great guy.

I would say like generally with his personal life, but I would like have him as a trainer.

Yes.

He knows what he's doing.

Oh yeah.

I know.

And he also he was he wasn't invited to the premiere.

Oh, okay.

Good.

But he he he he was like you could put this on an incline of three and I was like, oh all right.

And then I was like sweating just going through miles per hour.

And then Pratt had been in there.

I had found out for like four hours and was like sculpting it like he was just trying to be like here's here's here's what I wonder.

Now with CGI is like they can put all these aliens in this movie.

Let's just replace his body like he does so he doesn't have to do it.

I agree.

For four hours.

Replace your body.

Yeah.

Everybody's body.

Oh shit.

Geez.

It doesn't make any sense.

Yeah.

What are these?

What are these computer guys doing man?

They make one alien.

They're like, okay, I'm going home for the day.

It's fucking noon.

Work on Chris's body.

I will say though that they're just to make me seem a little bit more normal size.

It was kind of shot like Lord of the Rings esque.

We've like forced perspective or something.

Of course perspective where I was like you're always in the background.

I was like like like a half a mile behind the other actors.

And they're like, look at that normal size guy.

It works really well.

I can't wait for everything you say is shouted so that the camera can hear you.

Well, this is incredible.

The World War is out now and I can't wait to see it.

We'll talk about that.

I'm hell yeah.

What about premiere magazine by the way?

A huge fan.

Waller, crimby.

What's her name?

Libby Gilman Waxner.

Yeah, that's it.

Libby Colin there.

Didn't she was it or was that entertainment week that I think I think I think crossed over into both I can't remember.

Libby Gilman Waxner.

Yeah.

Yes.

Well, that's a great note to end on tomorrow war is is out.

No boys, people can hear on Wednesdays or something.

Yes, it's on it's on a yeah, every every.

Oh, wait, no, that's wrong.

Every Thursday I agreed with you, but I was wrong.

Look, don't let me dominate you.

No, no, no, it will come out on Wednesday from here on out.

It's a Wednesday.

Holy n***.

We got us Wednesdays.

Well, that's great.

You can stick around and talk to her.

Yes, I would love to.

Yeah, because we have we have an old friend here on the show.

I don't know if you've ever I don't know if that show that you were on in Quincy if he was on that or I don't think he's.

You start coming on to the show after that tour.

So yeah, you've never even met him.

I'm very excited.

I mentioned him a little earlier.

He is a guy who works at a store.

I think that's an accurate way to describe him.

He is our old friend.

Please welcome back to the show Maxwell Keeper, AKA the timekeeper.

Tick tock tick tock.

That's right.

I forgot.

Tis I the very timekeeper.

Yes.

Welcome back Maxwell.

This is Mike Mitchell.

Oh, I know Mike quite well.

You do from what?

I was a consultant for him on the tomorrow war.

Oh, right.

Wait, you didn't remember this?

I didn't remember.

Look, I saw a lot of people last night and I forgot that you were there.

You were at the premiere.

That's right.

I was floating around and so excited.

Running around.

Clicking my heels together.

Yes.

What did you actually do for the the movie?

You just kept reminding everyone that tomorrow is 24 hours from now or we was specifically with Mike.

He would call me and ask he was getting confused about the way time worked in the movie.

Interesting.

Yeah.

I got confused just listening to you.

I wish I wish you would come in here earlier and help me out with the description of the movie.

Yeah.

It's yes.

Well, the original title as you may not know was the Wednesday war and then in parentheses by the way today is Tuesday.

So what happened with that title?

I said, Mitch, can I call you that or is it Mike?

Okay.

That's kind of what we went through earlier.

Oh, really?

And I said, you got to tell them to go to the tomorrow war.

So you lobbied for the tomorrow war and that's where it is.

Well, the timekeeper made a great point of like Tuesday Wednesday, like movies usually come out on Fridays.

That's true.

Yeah.

But the majority of people see them on Fridays or Saturdays.

Yeah.

Sometimes Sundays.

Yeah.

So I thought it was a great point.

So I lobbied for it.

What if it just changed every single day?

That was also an option.

So, but I think that would be confusing too of like, oh, well, should we go see the Saturday war?

I don't think we can see that until tomorrow.

I'm loving all these day references.

I know you are.

You would only love references like that on a day that ends in D.A.Y.

Isn't that right?

You would know it.

Is that your favorite joke?

Yes.

Maxwell, Tizai.

Yeah.

I want, you know, it's interesting that you're back.

I saw you were booked on the show and I there's something that I wanted to talk about.

Can you talk about this?

Do you know, do you have any idea of like what's going on in the world lately with, I mean, the time keepers?

Yes.

In Loki or that?

Yes.

That's of which, then, is speaking.

Yes, of course.

Well, that's what I was coming up.

You don't have to be so formal, Maxwell, if you don't want to be.

I was, I'm not being as casual as I ever could be upon this very earth.

By the way, let's for people who don't, who are new listeners to the show, let's just catch you up.

They've already turned off their, I know.

Radio.

But let's catch them up.

You're a guy.

Where are you from again?

Tallahassee, Florida.

And you work in your brother's watch repair shop.

Yes, long go watch repair.

Right.

And you, what are your duties again?

Well, I was call, if someone dropped off their watch for repair, I would call them every ten minutes to let them know what time it is.

Right.

But with a pandemic, oh no, I zoomed them every ten minutes.

Okay.

So they would have to log on to zoom themselves or they just kept their zoom on.

They just wouldn't answer.

Did you ever zoom Jeffrey tube in?

Yes, accidentally.

I caught quite the high full.

Just like that tower over there in Paris.

Oh, yes.

I love Gustav and all the rest.

So you.

So, so that that's you.

I was doing that.

Yes.

I'm a brother.

But he had to work from home.

Desmond, yes.

You know, and then I sort of got it.

Why did he have to work from home?

He's the only guy there in the shop.

That's good.

Did he like go to the shop to pick up the watches and then bring them home?

Yes, he did.

Okay, interesting.

Anyway, go ahead.

You should talk to him.

Oh, great.

I would love to have him on the show.

Oh, perhaps threatened to bring him on.

I should bring him on and my sister Eleanor.

That's right.

And who was the woman that you were interested in?

Lisa Porsche.

What happened with her?

It's a long distance thing sort of.

We heard a lot about you on the tour in 2016.

Oh, a wonderful year.

And then suddenly you weren't on that tour anymore.

Yes, I got scared.

I just like Mitch could have with the gun.

Yes.

I got scared of being away from the watch store.

Yes.

Okay.

So now that everyone knows who you are.

Yes.

I've been coming on the show to talk about how wonderful time is.

And you've called yourself this name.

The Time Keeper.

And this is not anything anyone else calls you.

It's something you call yourself.

You've called me it.

Sure.

Other guests on the show.

Sure.

And then you were part of something called the order of the keepers.

The order of the keepers and that came at which.

That's not going to be canon for this episode.

Oh, good.

Because I don't remember much.

Oh, my God.

Okay.

So you call yourself the Time Keeper and then suddenly this television program, I guess it's a streamer.

I don't know if it's a television program, but people watch it on their television.

Sometimes they're, you know, their iPads, sometimes even their little tiny phones.

Can you believe it?

An excellent point.

But they've been watching this show called Loki.

Loki.

Which are Marvel Studios Loki.

Mm-hmm.

Might be the official title.

And there is, Mitch, have you seen this by the way, Marvel Studios is Loki?

I was going to say that you should, he should consult on the show.

But I was going to also say that if you watch the Tomorrow War and you turn up the volume really hard, you can hear Time Keeper zooming every 10 minutes or so.

Oh, no.

Oh, really?

Very faintly in the background.

So that'll- Mitch dropped off his watch for a pair.

That'll at least let me know how much longer I have to go in the movies.

Yes, that might be helpful.

It's helpful.

Well, as you might recall, a year ago I was getting into lobbying on behalf of there being more time in showbiz.

Oh, that's right.

No time for to die was theoretically- About to come out.

Yeah, that's right.

That still hasn't- Where'd you in one of the very last episodes right before the pandemic?

I believe so, yes.

And you sang your version of the No Time to Die theme song.

Yes, yes.

Okay.

And look, it worked.

I got Loki going.

I mean, no one has credited me with this or spoken to me, but we got Loki dealing with Time Travel.

We've got the Tomorrow War.

I- Right.

Mission accomplished.

But I guess in Loki there is- there is- there are these characters called the Time Keepers and everyone is wondering if that has anything to do with you.

Oh, they are?

I mean, when I say everyone, I fielded a few random tweets from people, but it seems- Well, well, so other people are calling me the Time Keeper.

It also seems like a friend of mine is getting some tweets, but he's not on Twitter much, it seems like, so- Oh, I didn't even- I should look at that.

Um, yes, yes, I'm sure it's a tribute to me.

These Wizard of Oz has Time Keeper characters.

You think they're Wizard of Oz- Yes, well, I- What about them screams Wizard of Oz to you?

Because you mentioned you were clicking your heels earlier.

Oh.

I first came on the show, I wonder if you have like- The Time Keepers on Loki?

Yeah.

I don't know, I thought the whole scene with them felt like a Wizard of Oz tribute.

Okay, interesting.

Perhaps I'm wrong.

Well, I mean, it may be, it may be.

So you have nothing to do with this though.

Well, I'm sure indirectly, it's all influenced by me, but- I see.

I'm putting this showbiz behind me now.

Really, wow, what are you up to now?

It's gone too big, like I say, it's mission accomplished.

I've come on the show, everyone loves Time now, but we're talking about Time and making streamers, if that's what you even call them, and- Yeah.

Movies about Time, and by the way, dear listener, when I said movies, I just turned to Mike Mitchell quite vociferously.

True, it's very true.

A guy who is in movies.

Yeah.

Yes, and so I feel like I've lost sight of what's really important.

Well, and what is really important to you because- Helping people appreciate time.

Okay.

So how do we do this?

How do we get the word out?

I'm gonna just start walking around the country.

Wow.

I'm gonna start, and look, yes, anyone who could afford Disney plus sign, and Amazon Prime Day can watch these things now, but what about those poor kids out there who can't even afford- Oh, wristwatch, nary, a pocket watch.

Oh, I can't imagine a poor young child out there who can't afford a pocket watch.

I'm gonna walk around the country.

A fob?

Like a modern day Johnny Apple watch.

I think- Can you say modern day something?

You already updated it to the modern day thing.

Like you should say modern day Johnny Apple seed, or just say like Johnny Apple watch.

Oh, okay.

You can't combine this.

Like many a time.

Oh, your favorite thing?

Time.

Indeed.

And so I've bought a pot for a hat and I'm gonna walk around the country.

Don't you update that.

Like buy a crock pot or say, you know, a pressure cooker or a soupy stick.

Okay, that's a good update.

You're right.

And if I see two children playing unaccompanied by parents, and neither one of them has a time piece upon their very wrist, I'll go up and I'll say, do you know how to tell time?

And I'll teach them or give them a little rhyme to let them know.

Oh, like what kind of rhyme?

Oh, just the classics, you know.

The shorthand points to the hour.

This we know is true.

The long hand points to the minutes.

That's good to know too.

And I'll tell this to anyone I see without a watch upon their wrist.

Or anyone without wrists.

Oh, yeah, that's true.

Not everyone has these wonderful things that we call wrists.

They go back and forth and back and forth, but not everyone is blessed to have them.

What are you doing that scenario for a restless folk?

Well, sometimes I call the wristmaster and he goes and talks to them, but who's the wrist master?

Oh, just a friend of mine for telehats.

What does he do?

Where do you know him from?

I know him from the street.

I imagine about the street.

A crosswalk to be specific.

Like in the middle of the crosswalk?

Did you have like a big meeting?

Yes, the exact middle.

We can't wait out of the stripes and it was the middle.

And did it suddenly turn red and all the cars were beeping at you?

Yes, but we were getting along so great.

We just handed off and he's kind of like me for time, but for wrists.

The wristmaster.

You should have him on.

I guess.

Yeah, bring him by if you can.

I'll try.

So, first of all, where are you going to start walking in Tallahassee?

Yes, in Tallahassee.

Okay, so you're going to take a plane back to Tallahassee.

Why don't you just start here?

Okay.

Okay, good.

I'll start here.

And how many people do you expect to teach about time?

If you were you're walking across the entire country, are you going to try to cover every square inch by going up and down, up and down, up and down?

Yeah, let me know what's the plan.

No, no.

Every square inch.

Okay.

Very gumpian of you, really.

Thank you.

So, I'll go to that lighthouse in Maine.

Right.

And so, how many people do you expect to actually teach about time?

If you had to ballpark it.

Oh, I'd say seven million.

Oh my God.

That's a lot of people.

Well, honestly, I feel like with everything that's happened in the last year, this is like something that's kind of overlooked.

So, I feel like it's kind of a nice thing to do.

I mean, I feel like in 2020, I mean, during the whole pandemic, it was like you would look to your significant other and oh, I hope you had one during the pandemic and you'd be like, what time is it?

What day is it?

I mean, it seems like everyone just forgot everything about time.

Yes, yes.

I don't think I said hip, hip, hip, hooray once in the last year.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Yes.

And that's the thing I say.

It's one of the things you say.

You said, to his eye, to his eye is what I'm talking about.

Oh, I never realized that.

You never realized that.

The Thigh speaks the truth.

Well, that's great.

That's great.

Next one.

Oh, you have something to ask me.

I just want to make sure he still understands how the time works.

Oh, yes.

Tomorrow war.

You got it now.

You understand.

I will say though, during the pandemic, you're not going to be happy.

I did throw my watch out the window, which I...

Oh, no.

Is that because of...

It's because...

A poor child was out there asking what time it is that you threw him a watch.

There was a poor child out there and that was beside the point.

I kind of ignored him and then I threw the watch out the window.

Is it because he wanted to see if time could fly?

Yeah.

Ha!

I had an old joke book and...

And you're like, I'm going to act out every single one of these.

I saw the date on it.

I was like, this is too old to be a joke book.

So I thought it was maybe some sort of instruction manual.

So I took my watch off.

I threw it out the window and nothing happened.

But also...

Mike Mitchell, you are a trickster on par with Loki himself to speak nothing of Sylvie.

Don't roast me like that timekeeper.

Very well.

I had no need for a watch this last year.

It's the truth.

Yeah.

I mean, everyone just was like, you know what?

I'm just going to put my head down, not notice anything, just and start baking.

I mean, I guess you got to look at time to bake unless you, you know, just do it by smell.

Or the sun.

That's true.

So yeah, no.

So is that it for you?

I don't know.

I can keep going forever.

Well, look, we do have to take a break.

So can I sleep in your bed tonight?

Yes, but it's going to be crowded.

You're going to have to be between my mom and sister if that's okay.

Deal.

What are you going to tell Lisa Porsche?

Yes, yes.

I'm in touch with her still.

Okay.

Well, look, we do have to take a break.

When we come back, oh boy, we have a famous chef coming up.

So much more show.

We will be right back with more Mike Mitchell.

More Maxwell Keeper will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Tick tock.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

We have Mike Mitchell, AKA Mitch of tomorrow war, the tomorrow war.

The tomorrow.

Yes.

The tomorrow war tomorrow war tomorrow war.

That is out right now on Amazon.

People can watch it streaming on Amazon if they have prime, I guess.

The Bezos network.

It's on there.

You ever met that guy?

You ever go into space with him?

You know what?

He was he was he was on set every day.

He was there.

How we got the idea to go into space?

He's like, this looks fucking cool.

Shoot me up in there, bro.

That's exactly also exactly spot on of how he sounds.

Yeah, I know.

He was he he he was there every day and and and yeah, he was inspired to go to space because of that and yeah, because of the movie, even though there are no sequences in space.

I mean, technically Earth is in space.

That's that is a good that's a good point.

So yeah, Maxwell Keeper here.

Yes, or you could call me Johnny Apple watch.

I think I'll stick to Maxwell Keeper.

Okay, but it's kind of my new persona.

Do you think you're getting rid of the time keeper?

You're just going to be Johnny Apple.

No, I think I'll keep both.

I'm going to just amass more and more nicknames.

Like a 90s rapper.

Yes, more and more tick names.

Oh, okay.

Good.

Tick tock.

Well, well, well, well, well.

Is that you Maxwell?

Tis not.

You're your throat.

You don't sound the same.

I don't.

Oh, no, this ain't Maxwell.

You know exactly who this is.

Scotty D.

Oh, it's your old friend.

Look real close.

I'm sorry.

You're in shadows right now.

This is someone else talking.

Make yourself known, sir.

Click click.

I turned on this lamp.

Okay.

We usually like to do the show in total darkness.

You don't recognize me?

Think back.

June 5th, 1981.

Let's see.

The Bank of California Heist.

Me?

You?

What you going to do?

You and me?

Not three.

Okay.

Wait, is this who I think it is?

Yeah.

That's right.

Cleotis.

Martha.

Cleotis Martha.

Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well, well.

It's been a long time, Daddy.

Oh, yes.

But dig this.

Yeah.

I'm out.

You got out.

And I'm here to exact my revenge on you.

Oh, on me?

You never came to see me in this.

Scott.

I was in the clink.

Oh, locked up.

Well, well, I mean, you know, they don't just let anyone in there.

I mean, and we pulled off that job together.

I didn't give many like ideas.

And now you admitted on your radio edition.

Well, I mean, the statute of limitations is long gone for, I mean, everything we did, right?

Well, I just got out.

1980 to 2021.

Well, no, you were locked up for a while, but the statute of limitations has expired at this point.

Everything except murder.

We didn't murder anyone, did we?

We shot three people.

And I dig this.

Yeah.

Can't, Daddy, take your shovel out to dig this, Daddy.

OK, yeah, I do have my shovel.

I got some more heights for us.

You want me back in?

I want you back in like Schwinn.

Two wheels going down the street zoom zone.

You just got out of prison.

When did you get out?

I got out in the middle of COVID.

So what, like seven months ago?

Yeah, right in the middle.

Smack, dab, Daddy-O.

So what if you smack dab in the middle like a spaghetti on Daddy-O?

But why are you rhyming all the night?

That's not something you did back there.

Now, what you yapping about from your two lips?

By the way, what did you think about Maxwell Keeper's rhyme earlier in the show?

Did you hear that?

What did he say?

From a rhyming guy.

I'm not really rhyming.

I'm just...

He may not have been in here yet.

I wasn't here.

Well, I don't know.

It was in weird and total darkness.

Under that lampshade, you can't hear anything.

Oh, OK.

You can't hear anything with your two side face flappers.

By the way, this is Mike Mitchell of the Tomorrow War, which is a streaming movie.

I don't know if you even know what those are.

I have no clue.

I don't know if you've ever seen a movie.

I have pizzas.

I would put it by the engine.

Time pizzas, goose liver pate for my dear friend.

Three time pizzas.

I want to request what time we want the pizza to say.

I pray so.

I'm not a fan of time.

I want the very stroke of midnight.

Oh, the witching hour.

Do you want anything on your goose liver pate?

I want 304 on my goose liver pate.

We'll be not sure.

I'm not a fan of time.

I'm double checking, but I agree.

But still, this is big news.

I just feel like you're in a tough spot.

He's more of a 90s guy, but an 80s guy.

Oh, my God, Wolfgang, you've already made the pate.

Dig in, pate.

Scotty D. Ockerman loves goose liver pate.

I'm from my finest Austrian geese, by the way.

Let's have a little bit of this.

I'm not a fan of the pate.

I'm going to go back to the next slide.
