---
layout: page
title: 714. Ziwe, Ryan Rosenberg, Jessica McKenna [64cbaa30-aeab-4e75-a5b2-ad63001eaf88].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♫♫♫♫ Pass the teeth and over the gums, WTF Dad, I'm calling the cops.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you so much to stop eating bees.

Stop eating bees has been a regular contributor to our catchphrases recently.

Thank you so much to stop eating bees. Good advice in any occasion and on any occasion.

In and on any occasion.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

We have an incredible lineup for you.

Come here a little later, we have my high school basketball coach will be here.

I have not seen this gentleman in a while, so this is, I'm really looking forward to that.

Of course, I was on varsity.

And of course, I know the difference between that and junior varsity.

Didn't have to ask before the show.

And we also have a small business owner.

Well, a small business owner is here.

Look, 2021 is the year of the small business owner.

We have stopped having entrepreneurs on the show and instead we have small business owners.

So that'll be really incredible. And we have a small business owner in her own right coming up here on the show.

I'm sure she's incorporated. I'm sure she has a loan out company.

And so, and she is in the business of show, but her business is not small because she has her own television show of which every episode can be seen on the Showtime app right now.

You can just fly through them, six episodes.

You can get through that in approximately three hours, less than a godfather.

And certainly less than a godfather part two.

And this is her first time on the show.

And I'm really excited to have her because I'm a big fan of the show.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Z-Way.

Hi, thank you so much for having me.

I'm excited to be in this hollowed ground.

Yes, it truly is hollowed.

We have to, you know, we have a ceremony to bless the ground before every episode.

So, and thank you for taking part in it.

Yes.

Z-Way is miming the blessing ceremony.

I probably appreciated everything you did.

And it actually led the ceremony, which is we've never known how to do it properly before.

You know, honestly, black women are always doing the work and this podcast is no different.

Thank you. Yes, you are. I appreciate that.

And we really need to credit you for that.

I should credit you for all previous episodes as well, should I not?

Thank you. Yes, please.

A consulting fee will be in the mail.

Okay.

Wait, from you to me?

Yes.

Thank you for letting me have the opportunity.

To pay me for this consulting fee.

I appreciate this.

Z-Way, it's so good to see you.

You are just coming off of the experience of having made your show.

It's been on for the past few weeks.

Tell us about it.

It's always good to have a TV show.

I experienced that for a good five years of my life.

And I was like, what was I doing the other 23 years?

Not having a show.

It's the best, isn't it?

Yes.

Having a TV show is the best.

I've never been happier.

I've never been stronger.

I've never been more hydrated.

I'm at my peak and it's only downhill from today.

Did you have a designated water person giving you your hydration station?

No, this is a season one show.

Oh.

I was my water person.

It was really...

Now, for the people who don't know exactly what the show is, and maybe are not even familiar with your comedy, let's go backwards from the show a little bit to sort of the impetus for it, which is your show Bated, which started on YouTube and then went to Instagram.

Is that right?

Yeah, I mean, there have been several iterations, but first it was a YouTube series where I would interview my coworkers, and then the pandemic happened and everyone was going live, and I didn't want to be left out of the company.

So I started going live, I'm an interviewing comedian, and then I started interviewing Caroline Callaway's, and Alison Romans, and Rose McGowan's, and then the show took off and I showed a show, and now I interview people on my Showtime A24 show.

You have really figured out the art of turning your life story into one sentence.

I really appreciate that.

Thank you.

You know, ultimately...

I don't know if you have this experience, but when you do so much press, it's just like, okay, how many words can I not say so I don't get in trouble?

No, I'm the opposite.

I'm like...

I just want to say as many, and I just want to hold them captive while I just drone on and on and on, and that's a lot like the experience of doing this show.

You'll find out.

I drone on and on, and you won't get a word in edgewise.

Perfect.

You know, that's, I think that's the experience of doing any podcast.

So I'm excited.

But what was, what was Bated like?

Did it, did it end up being what it started out being you?

Because you say you were just interviewing comedians, and then you started interviewing kind of celebrities.

Yeah.

But was, was the, the tenor of the show the same, the, both, in both iterations?

I think it really scaled.

I mean, it's so much different to ask like your coworkers that you're working with in tandem on what they think about race, knowing like they are the ones who always leave the seat dirty, and so they have no respect for you.

Versus like a straight.

Who are you working with?

Just animals.

Leaving the cedar with their chairs?

Or the toilet seats?

Both.

But all seats.

Just shit everywhere in your work plates?

Yes, I worked with literal pigs.

Versus like a firebrand who has, anything they say becomes sort of this quotable moment that goes viral.

They're so.

What is that word by the way, firebrand?

I see it, I see it used almost exclusively about racist people.

Is that true?

You know what I mean?

Like, like in the media, like they'll say like this politician was a firebrand and it's like.

You know, I think it's a nice way of kungs who went problematic.

So firebrand just means someone who's able to get headlines with the words that they say, but the headlines aren't positive.

Yeah, but that's, I mean, it's an exciting experience because I don't know what any of my respective guests are going to say.

And so asking how many black friends do you have is just like always going to be a good time.

That's always a good one.

I know I think it's not right to count your black friends.

Now your black enemies, I have that list.

And how many black enemies on your?

Well, there's 36 that I know of.

Like that are, that are from me to them.

I don't know how many from me or from them to me.

Yeah, as a reciprocated.

That's a good question.

How many white enemies do I have?

I would say zero, just lots of benefactors.

And that's always where I like to stand.

So you would ask sort of leading questions to try to lure people into saying problematic things on your show.

Is that essentially a good encapsulation of it?

Yeah, exactly.

I mean, my show is a deconstruction of like celebrity culture.

We're like normally on like talk shows, celebrities go on and they, they say the same anecdote about, you know, flying into Cleveland airport.

Our show.

I don't know what about that, by the way, because this sounds funny.

I have to go into Cleveland airport.

I don't remember anything other than it was for, I did a podcast, the PODCA of America.

And we did a show and it was 10,000 people.

That was, it was wild.

That's my anecdote about Cleveland airport.

It seemed to be more about bragging about the numbers of the show than about the airport.

Hey, I'll take it.

I'll take it.

It belongs to the audience.

Good anecdote.

So you're trying to, you're trying to break through that and get people to be a little more real in an interview.

Is that, I mean, my show is fundamentally vulnerable and honest because I don't know what my guests are going to say.

They don't know what I'm going to ask.

We prep them as far as, hey, we're going to, it's going to be a zany character who's going to ask them off based questions about race.

And that's really what they get other than seeing interviews.

So so you're like a Borat type of zany character.

I am like a Borat type.

Yes, in that I am a black woman.

You have a wife.

My wife.

Everything is nice.

Very nice.

I have an accent.

Yes, I'm exactly like Borat.

I'm a Gen Z Borat.

And I think, you know, Glorious Dynam and friendly bullets would agree.

But yeah, I just interview people with a little bit of a character and get really silly, funny answers and have, you know, hijinks in Sue.

So you would do this on your Instagram show and you would, you would get people sort of in a little bit of hot water or, or, or conversely, it would be interesting to see people just break, you know, through that, you know, the, the veneer of a, of a fake interview and just be a little more real about themselves.

But then in translating it to the Showtime show, what were, what were some of the differences in the show?

What were you still able to achieve?

I think the greater difference, biggest differences was that I wasn't producing it in my bedroom during a global pandemic.

Now you could have done that.

Yeah.

So that was really nice.

I have, I had like a ring light and I was doing my hair and makeup and also research questions.

So now I have like a full fledged team that harass respective talent.

I have writer.

Five people put up the ring light.

Yeah.

Yes.

Exactly.

Well, it's union.

So it's like you have to get.

Yeah, it's changed.

Yeah, you got to get the gaffer.

You got it.

You know, so it's, it's just, it's scaled bigger.

I'm the musical guest every episode.

That's right.

You do, you do music videos every episode with funny songs and was that, I mean, when you, when you're offered your own show, it can be anything.

Yeah.

And you know, the show's name is Z-Way.

Yeah.

So it's like, it's just anything you do.

Was it exciting for you to sort of be like, Oh, wow, I could do the songs that I used to do when I was performing.

You know, it's like no one's telling you like you only have to do a talk show thing.

It can be anything.

So it ends up being a lot of sketch stuff.

It was really, yeah, it was really, really exciting in that no one could say no.

It's like, well, if you guys don't want to hear me saying too fucking bad, I'm just going to get every episode.

I'm doing jazz.

So you know, on this episode, I'd love to hear your voice a little bit.

No.

Okay.

Hey, I'll, sure.

So now it seems to me like you were interviewing, it sort of was between interviewing friends who were playing along like Bowen and Patty.

Yeah.

And then people who, and this was the sense I got at like friend Leibowitz who had no idea what was going on.

Maybe that's acting or editing, but it seemed to me like she was baffled.

Is that no, she had no idea.

Honestly, so what happened was we reached out to her and she was interested in doing the show but wanted to see it first, but she famously doesn't have internet.

So my talent producer had to go to her house and go to her lobby and show her my old video close.

And that's when she said, I will absolutely do no games whatsoever.

Don't even try it.

And she also was like, so she was going to get dinner with Martin Scorsese after a claim director of Martin Scorsese.

So she's like, I've heard him.

Yes.

Only doing 45.

Do you really need to clarify who Martin Scorsese is?

Are there an effort?

Are there other ones?

Well, that's true.

That's true.

But I'm a huge fan, taxi driver, banger.

But she was like, I only want to interview for 45 minutes, get me out of here.

And then we ended up talking for two hours, had to cut it down to 12 minutes.

And it was such a pleasure.

We had like a great rapport, but it was, it was, she really did not know what she was getting into.

That's a yeah.

And you have, you're talking to politicians as well.

And you're, it essentially like politicians are so used to dodging the questions and saying what they want to say.

But it's interesting to have you try to constantly steer back to what your original question was and have them realize that they're doing it and won't get away with it with you.

Yeah, I love interviewing politicians because even when they're evading the answers to questions, that is so honest in how they are clearly trying to not answer.

So I find it to be so comical.

It's honestly really, really funny.

So is it fun having a show?

I mean, are you going to do more?

I mean, you know, it's like one of these things where it's, they, you know, I finished the first season of my show and they were like, do you want to do more?

And I said, you know what?

What the hell is it?

Is it like that with you?

Well, you've, I mean, your show had over a hundred episodes too, right?

Your show is, I mean, 110.

Yes.

110 episodes.

Yeah.

I wouldn't say it's huge.

So thank you for saying it was huge.

It was 110 episodes that no one watched.

So I think 110 viewers.

No, I watched your show.

Your show actually was one of the models for my show because I like the way that you guys use celebrity talent who they weren't afraid to laugh at themselves.

I thought that was really excellent.

Thank you so much.

Um, am I so, you're asking me, do I like having a show on the record?

Yes.

I do.

I love it.

Okay, you're on the record.

Good.

Okay.

So this is going to make headlines.

Have they talked to you about doing more?

Can we make some news here?

Is it?

I'm not going to actually give you any scoops, but you know what time will tell?

We will.

Oh, you better not release this to deadline Hollywood tomorrow.

Yeah.

Whoever gets the scoop gets the scoop.

I'm not, I'm not the boss.

Oh, I would be furious.

But yeah, it's tired of deadline, constantly reporting on stuff that should be reported on this show.

Hey, you know, there's always this.

Hey, I, a scoop.

I can give you a scoop.

Um, this, this is my real hair color.

That's a scoop, scooper.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

Yeah, there's been a lot of controversy online.

Is that, it's really a real hair color?

You also, by the way, and I, I don't want to, uh, because we're not recording the video of this, I don't want to tell people exactly what you're dressed like without your consent.

May I, may I mention what you're dressed like?

What if I said no?

You can't.

You were, you were.

I would accept it.

That's being a good host.

You're well, you are, you are wearing a Prada sweatshirt.

Yes.

I'm wearing a Prada sweatshirt.

Thank you to Prada.

They are, they have been really, really cool and awesome and supportive.

Do they sponsor the show and give you clothes for the show?

Because I love the aesthetic on the show.

It's sort of like a Y2K, uh, you know, pink, sort of like pink Roman kind of vibe, you know, with, uh.

Yeah.

So, um, I'm going for like legally blonde me to share horror with, it's means like thought.

Um, and so yeah, I've been really, my costume designer Pam Shepard killed it.

Um, we've gotten some really good pieces like from Prada.

Um, so I'm really thankful.

I love being, um, a fashion icon and I hope that one day I can go to the Met Gala.

That's where my campaign starts actually scoop alert.

Oh, okay.

Oh, to try to go to the, I bet you could go to the Met Gala.

I've never understood how anyone ever gets invited to those, but I would think out of anyone you would.

Thanks.

Um, you, well, uh, the show is really great.

Uh, we can run down the guests you've had on you at Phoebe Bridgers from the between two Ferns movie.

One of my close, close friends.

Ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.

I haven't spoken to since the after party.

Uh, we have, uh, who else is on?

Uh, Fred Leibowitz, Gloria Stidham, Julian Castro, Patty Harrison, Bowen gang, Julio Torres, um, low rel.

How are we?

They see Abrams, Adam Pally.

Who else?

Yeah, look, that's enough as far as I'm concerned.

If you don't want to watch a show that has all of those people on it, you're mentally insane.

Yes.

Not like the regular insane.

You're mentally insane.

We say, we say you're wild.

Insane is problematic.

Now we say you're wild.

Like you, I don't, look, I don't think insane is problematic because people can be insane.

And it's, it's fine that they're insane.

It's an no judgment.

If you're insane, you're just insane.

I'm saying that you're insane if you don't watch this show.

That's not problematic, is it?

You didn't, did you, did you bait me?

You're just saying insane?

I think you baited yourself.

Yeah, I have been baiting myself ever since I was 13.

Um, well, it's a really great show.

I want people to watch it.

It's very funny.

Um, my wife and I, I don't mean to brag that I have a wife, but, uh, I sit there, uh, with her, uh, and we laugh and laugh and we learn a little something and we turn off the TV and we look at each other and say, that was a good use of our time.

Oh, that's great.

I love that.

Oh my God.

Oh, you guys also, you guys are always going vacations with Casey.

Um, and I'm like, oh yeah.

Do you know Casey?

Yeah, I love Casey.

I'm doing her podcast in two days too, but y'all, y'all, this, that's a cool group.

I want to be part of that friend group.

You guys seem like, come on in.

Come through.

I will be wearing this sweatshirt.

Um, but you guys look like you have a lot of fun.

Do you have a significant other?

No, but I'll get in time for this party.

Okay.

Yeah.

Let's plan on a, uh, let's say September trip.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah.

And that'll give you enough time to get a significant other, right?

Because we don't want you to be the, the, the, the eighth or ninth, or the ninth wheel, I guess, you know, when everyone's paired up.

Okay.

So who are you, who are you out to right now in terms of that?

Um, availabilities for my boyfriend.

Yeah.

I've been in LA for two weeks and I've, I've gotten a lot of propositions.

Um, so, you know, we'll see time.

Hey, yeah.

From like randos on the street or from, uh, like real Hollywood celebrity.

But you know, both.

It's always a mix when you're a black woman.

Um, these people, you know, it really runs the gamut.

Some of them are big, it's a fence.

All right.

We'll hook up, uh, pair up and we'll go out there.

Where do you want to go in September?

You know, I would like to go to the Pacific Northwest.

People say that a lot and I just want to join that cacophony because it seems like, you know, Twilight was shot there.

Sure.

Top chef this season.

It was shot there.

Top chef Twilight two of my favorite, um, program.

Top chef Twilight two.

That's my favorite movie.

So I would love to, I would love to.

What if Twilight two came out and had the subtitle top chef and everyone was like, what the fuck is this movie?

Wait.

So Twilight two is, is it in the top chef universe?

Or are they trying to say that Robert Pattinson is a chef in this one?

What is going on?

He could do anything.

He's a very compelling man.

Anyway, Z-way is not only a great person, but a great show.

Uh, uh, is it sometimes hard when people are like, Hey, I really like Z-way and they're talking about the show and not you.

Is that tough to hear?

No, they usually, no, it's great to hear.

They usually say, I just love your show.

Um, that's, that's great here.

Anything, any praise is good.

I hate when people say I hate you.

Yeah, that does it.

That doesn't feel good.

Right.

Yeah, but it is really dicey calling your show your name.

Yes.

You know, ultimately I didn't know what else to call it.

And in my pursuit of being a mono name as I pivot to pop star in five years, I just feel good.

It was easy branding.

Good.

Well, it's a wonderful show and, uh, not you, but the show is a wonderful show.

And it's a wonderful person, not the show, but you are a wonderful person.

I hope everyone watches not only the show, but watches you on the show.

And it's like a Z away within a Z way.

It's like a nesting doll.

Exactly.

And if I die in the show, I die in real life.

Yes.

A lot of people don't know that.

If anyone dies on a show, they are executed.

Everyone applauds for them.

That's a series wrap.

And then they are summarily executed as to have it reflect humanity in real, uh, in real time, you've said real time so many times that now I feel like I'm saying real time.

Is that, is that possible?

I think, you know, my words are contagious.

So what they really are a lot is say iconic.

Like people are like, I don't want to be weird, but it's iconic.

And that's exactly what I want you to say.

That's your word.

I haven't said it yet.

But I was going to dismount by saying Z away you've been iconic.

Wow.

We did it, Joe.

We did it.

And you've almost knocked over the lamp as well by throwing your arms up in celebration.

I appreciate that.

Well, it's not on me.

See, wait, can you stick around?

We have my high school basketball coach is going to be here after the break.

Cause that's pretty exciting.

Yes, I can't wait to meet people from your story to past.

Okay.

Wonderful.

And my future, I hope we will be right back.

We have my high school basketball coach.

We have a small business owner more Z away.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang, bang.

After this, bang, bang, bang, bang.

Comedy bang, bang.

We're back here.

Z away is here coming from an undisclosed location, sipping an undisclosed liquid.

That is in a glass.

She can say what this is, but I don't want to blow up her spot any, any further than I already have.

I already mentioned that sweatshirt that she had on and I did not get a look at below the waist.

Although I personally, I don't look down there.

I, I, I stop at the eyebrows when it comes to women.

Well, I'm doing some drinking water and not wearing pants.

So, whoa.

Okay.

Uh, we have to get to our next guest though.

He is my high school basketball coach.

I haven't seen him in so long as he way.

This is really exciting.

Did you ever play any sort of sports in high school or professionally at all?

Yes, I did cross country and I always came in last.

Oh, well, that's, I mean, that's something.

Thanks.

That's like a perfect record in a way.

Yes, it's per, I mean, perfect.

That's harder almost than, than coming in like, you know, fifth or six occasionally.

Exactly.

And being last the rest of the time.

They're 14th.

Yes.

Thank you.

You're right.

Yeah, exactly.

All right.

Well, let's welcome him to the show.

This is the first time he's been on the show.

Hey, it's great to see you.

It's good to see you too.

It's been a long time.

Yeah, it really has.

I mean, I mean, I graduated this, I think my 10th anniversary is coming up.

So there's something like that.

Yeah.

Around there.

You know what?

28.

Yeah, you're in there.

Definitely.

Let's not, let's not, you know, dox your age.

Oh, thank you so much.

Coach Bill, I'm so good to see this is Z-way.

I don't know if you've seen her show.

Oh, yes.

Hey, Z-way.

How are you?

You have seen her show or you said, oh, yes.

I don't have show time.

I've seen the Instagram version.

Oh, okay.

Why don't you have show time?

I can't afford.

Coach Bill, is everything okay?

Everything's fine.

Show time to me is like, it's the demarcation point of like, if you're doing okay or not.

If you have show time, then you're doing okay.

Well, it's unfortunate we started there then with me.

I'm sorry.

I don't have show time.

Things are fine.

You know, I'm, I guess I'm spending a lot of my time helping other people.

Maybe I need to help myself more.

No, I mean, you know, but I would say treat yourself get show time at least get like a one month free trial and watch all of Z-way show and then, you know, that's true.

I then dip.

I've done that before.

I did that with credit cards to get the free towel at the baseball part.

Then I forget to cancel the credit card and now I got a bunch of, you know, towel money.

A bunch of a line of credit.

A line of credit, sure.

If you don't, you know, use them to buy anything, then they're okay.

Well, I'm a big towel fanatic.

So every time I go to the game, it's hard for me to resist starting a new credit card.

So I got 30 or 40 of these credit cards for these towels.

Okay.

So you're a towel fanatic?

I guess I didn't realize.

Well, swag, anything free that I don't have to buy, you know, I'll get the hat, I'll get the koozie, I'll get the towel, whatever.

Sure.

You'll get a Prada sweatshirts, you know, if they were offering.

I wish, I wish.

I had a new one.

Z-way maybe has a hookup for you if you're if you're in the market for this.

Oh, that's great.

Yeah.

I one time had a deal with Old Navy, but they dropped me.

How does a high school basketball coach have a deal with Old Navy?

For a while, they wouldn't let me buy their clothes, but then they would let me buy them and then they said I couldn't buy them anymore.

So what was the situation?

They said it was bad advertising.

They said they don't want people to look like me in Old Navy clothes.

So you would approach an Old Navy?

Well, no, they would see me.

Yes, I was approaching, but I didn't try.

They just would stop me.

How far away from the Old Navy would you be?

200, 300 yards.

I would have just parked on three football fields.

Football fields, something like that, you know, usually now I go in with a hat.

So do they have your picture up at the door or something like that?

Well, they did.

I tore it down.

Oh.

I tore it.

I got to buy those shirts.

So what was the process you went in once, bought their clothes?

They said nothing.

Yes.

They took them back.

They said nothing, but then I was in the paper.

I was in the paper.

What were you in the paper?

Well, I don't remember it.

Was this after I graduated?

I don't remember anything.

This was after you graduated.

I was still coaching.

I was I got bumped down to JV.

You're no longer.

Oh, you got bumped down.

Yes.

Well, and then since then I got bumped out completely.

Now I'm just a life coach.

Oh, oh, yes.

Okay.

So, but anyways, I was wearing Old Navy at the game, which I got in trouble with from the principal because, you know, wear a suit, as he said.

And even when you're a high school.

That's what he said.

It's what he said.

Okay.

Like, it was sort of a four-the-jade suit.

It was sort of like a four-the-july crack-a-beer type shirt for the leave.

Oh, I see.

Did it have a saying on it?

It did.

It said the fourth is not just for the date.

Drink four beers.

That's what it said.

When on?

I think it's almost sucked, by the way.

I think they're bad at their slogans.

See, wait, I think they're slippings.

You ever shop at Old Navy's Eway?

Yeah, I certainly, but I've actually never seen him there.

So that is.

Oh, yeah.

Which one were you at?

Well, I was going to the one at the Grove.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

And well, it's not there anymore.

Oh.

I think that's tough to see sort of the trail of what I leave behind.

You know, I closed down Old Navy's or Johnny Rockets closed because of me.

What happened with this?

Well, I didn't make it to the bathroom.

Can we move forward?

This sounds like Z-way's co-worker here.

Honestly, it's wild that as a life coach, you just leave things in destruction.

That's really sort of counterintuitive.

Yes, I know.

But I can fix everybody else's problems.

Oh.

I came here to help you.

Life coach, I own life.

Oh, you look, okay.

Yeah, please.

The show was pretty good, obviously.

You think that's the first half?

I don't know.

So while we have 20 more minutes left.

Scott, I got my clipboard and I got some notes.

Okay.

I'm going to do the X's and O's here.

Okay.

Obviously.

I get it.

You're a high school basketball coach and you're talking about the first half.

I understand that.

Yes.

Of course.

I get it.

I get things.

Of course.

Why do people say I don't get things?

I don't know.

I used to say it when we were coaching and playing.

You were playing.

I was coaching back in the day.

That's where we, there was one game where we were like, let's do a switcharoo.

Bit of a mix-up.

Yeah.

Honestly, the only game we won that year, you were a great coach.

Well, and you know, it was weird because we had conked heads.

Yeah.

And suddenly our brains had switched.

I thought I was you.

I think you thought you were me.

And then we realized later, no, we just had concussions.

Yeah, we were sick.

We were hurt.

We weren't.

But we won the game nonetheless.

We did.

That was like, hey, get off the court.

But the great thing was the other team didn't show up and they forfeited.

Fantastic day for that to happen.

Absolutely.

So anyway, I'd like to get back to the first half, Scott.

Obviously you were hosting against Z-Way and I think you lost.

I don't know.

I think you lost.

I don't know.

I don't know that I look at it exactly like that.

Maybe Z-Way, when you're a host, do you view it as a competition?

There are winners and there are losers, but I would never say who won or who lost.

Okay.

You're so magnanimous.

That's really wonderful.

Obviously you won.

You won.

Scott lost.

Yeah.

Why would you say I lost?

What could I do better?

Well, you're conditioning clearly.

That's not great.

You're hair conditioning and you're physical conditioning.

You got to be running.

I ran out of speed.

You ran out of speed.

Halfway through that interview.

You were gassed.

That's really embarrassing.

Yeah, he started talking about Twilight.

We had to cut that out.

Who cares?

Oh, no.

We left it in.

We got the other stuff out.

See, this is confusing.

Obviously, Z-Ways got the one up on you.

I would love to bench you if I could.

Look, if you want to bonk heads and switch roles again, we can try.

Look, that was a pure accident.

Yeah.

It's one of those kind of things you only see in movies.

Right.

I had to try.

I remember afterwards, we were like, should we bonk heads again?

And you just can't recreate that kind of bonk.

Yeah, the second one just kind of hurt.

Yeah.

No fun.

So, yeah, I mean, you could bench me.

Who would you put in my place?

Well, I don't mean Z-Ways right here.

Yeah.

I mean, she's a great host.

Comedy bag.

Why don't you host a bag?

VEG VEG VEG!

Well, you're adding two bangs?

Wow.

This is too different.

That's like shooting a three.

That was awesome.

That was a swish.

Why don't you take a Z-Ways takeover if you could?

Okay.

Apparently, I'm not doing a good thing.

My name is Scott.

Bang Bang!

You don't have to imitate me.

You're starting.

You're a starder.

You're the host thing is yourself, not as me.

Oh, okay, okay.

I don't like to hear impressions of me.

Okay.

You're a Z-Ways.

Hello.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

You don't have to do it right from the beginning of the show.

We're in the middle.

I'm saying just take over.

You want me to do a C-Ways?

One billion dollars.

All right.

You play hardball, but that's, look.

Okay, you got it.

One billion.

This is going great.

This is awesome.

Now, Scott, this is what I always said about you in high school.

You're a great passer.

I truly was.

Just pass it.

Yeah.

Well, I loved having that ball, though.

I know it's tough.

Because no one would ever pass it to me.

When I got it, I was like, I want this.

Right.

Well, you're good at giving it away.

You're good at passing.

And I just want to see more of that team movement.

You used to, you used to like have a huge boombox and you would turn on the Red Hot Chili Peppers, give it away.

The minute I got the ball.

That's right.

The crowd up so hard.

And I would be like, they love me.

They love me.

And it was just like, no, they love the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

Yeah, I think we'd all get lost in the song a little bit.

The whole state it was.

Everyone, the opposite team, we would all just be like, sort of doing it.

How do you have a song go just briefly?

Oh, you sing it.

You're such a better singer than I am.

Please, please.

What I want, you got to give it to your mama?

Whatever to give it to your mama.

The whole place would go nuts for it.

Nuts.

It was yet now to be fair.

It was the karaoke track.

It was you doing this song.

That's right.

And it did force you to pass the ball to your mother.

That was unfortunately.

But the crowd loved it.

They did.

Those were my favorite memories.

Yeah.

That was senior night.

That was truly what.

She last night, everybody got to see you.

All the seniors from the local senior center came in and they got half off the game.

It was really incredible.

That's right.

And I'll tell you what, those guys get rowdy.

They try to because they don't get a lot of chances to really let loose.

Yeah.

There were a wrap in grandma's there.

Have you ever seen that in a movie?

Is he way a wrap in grandma?

A wrap in grandma.

It's the funniest thing.

I love it when they start break dancing.

And it's like, whoa, her back.

But she's spitting on it.

You know, that's the- Constantly worried about her knees and her hip replacement surgery.

Yeah, but it's so funny.

It's really good.

It's fresh.

You dressed up as a wrapping grandma during one game.

Is that right?

Yes.

Only one game.

Well, that was we were like to make it two games.

One season after I had lost every game for three years straight, I figured this year I'm going to do a costume per game.

I figured let's have something that the people are going to come see on purpose because it's not for winning.

Right.

Of course.

So, yeah.

So, you just looked like a racking granny.

You would do a halftime show every single.

Yeah.

I dressed up as Hulk Hogan one time.

Oh, I mean- Yeah, brother.

That was it.

Yeah, but the- I mean, you dressed up like it.

So it sold it a little more.

It sold it a little more.

Yeah.

I mean, it sold it a little more.

Yeah.

I mean, it sold it a little more.

Do the costumes get more and more problematic as they?

Not problematic, just lazier.

Oh, okay.

I wore a trash bag one time, but not, and I was like, you know, the Missy Elliot thing, but, but it was just a trash bag.

That is problematic already.

I don't know.

Trying to dress up like Missy Elliot.

I don't know.

I'm famous.

The video is famous.

She said all the part.

Sure, but fame doesn't equal to being able to.

Well, maybe that's why I got hired.

I don't know because I tried to do a full, Missy concert in the middle of the JB game.

I don't know.

They wouldn't explain it to me.

So now I moved on to life coach.

They wouldn't explain why they fired you.

They said, do we really need to?

And I said, yes.

They said, no.

It's just indescribable.

They said, if you don't know, we're not going to tell you, which doesn't help the person who made the mistake.

Yeah, really.

So then you, then old Navy was like, hey, we don't want this kind of bad publicity for our clothes being the paper.

I lost my endorsement deal of being able to buy their clothes at a full price.

Right.

Even when they have sales.

Even when they have sales, they were like, you can still buy them at full price.

Yeah.

That's a deal.

That is a deal, a type of deal.

Sure.

It's a type of negotiation that you completed.

I was going pretty low, you know, and I lost my endorsement deal.

I lost two jobs.

I lost all my costumes in a storage fire.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

Was that intentionally set or by arson?

I think it was arsonists.

Really?

I think it was jealous fan or something like that.

A jealous fan who saw me in the costumes, realized how cool it was and figured, you know, I better go burn down a storage fire.

Okay.

I don't know.

Did you have an insurance claim on that at all or?

I wish.

I wish I did.

Yeah.

I wish I did.

I had one and then they said no more.

We're not going to stick to this.

Okay.

They said, well, what's the insurance?

And they were like, well, we're not going to stick to this.

We're not going to explain it.

Can they do that?

They could just go like, yeah, I don't think so.

Yes.

There's something about me that when I show up, people can do whatever and there are no consequences.

Yeah.

I mean, Z-Wave, maybe you are feeling that from Coach Billups here.

But I mean, he's just got a certain irascibility, doesn't he?

I mean, I have so many questions.

Oh, please.

I don't mean to monopolize the conversation.

Oh, no.

So, I mean, you're right.

He certainly has a certain something.

But my question to re-old Navy is online shopping.

What are we doing?

Because it's like you don't have to go into the brick and mortar.

Are you blocked on the website?

Yeah.

Have they memorized all of your 40 credit cards?

Oh, yeah.

I've tried it with all of them.

And they got me dead to rights.

They're not letting me get any clothes.

They got my address.

They called the post office.

What?

And they said, in case something slips through, do not deliver.

Did this go all the way up to the top to de-joy?

I think it went up to president.

Wow.

It's a president.

That's high.

Yeah.

But, you know, I don't know.

I think you go out to get me.

So you're a life coach.

Oh, I'm a life coach.

Anybody needs help?

By the way, if you had other questions, I don't mean to get to his life coach stuff before we exhaust your questions.

Yeah.

I could start that answer to everything I needed to know.

You're one question.

You said you had so many and then you asked one.

Another question.

Well, because you were dressing up as a grandma.

So my question is, is this how you are seeing the children you don't have custody of?

Like, what is the purpose?

Yeah, well, I did lose custody of my kids and, you know, maybe I figured if I'm a funny grandma, they come back.

Have you seen Miss Doubtfire?

He wants her twice.

Sure.

I tried to do a missus.

I haven't memorized it religiously.

Yeah.

I mean, maybe the cartoon voices he does.

Yeah.

Have you memorized this?

Okay.

I want to talk about it.

All right.

He would do this back where he planned, oh, I can't shoot free throws.

And we say, he's got to shoot a free throw.

It's fine.

Shoot a free throw.

And then I would quit.

And I have to beg him that.

Yeah, and then switch.

Yeah.

And then switch.

Yeah.

Well, so you dressed up as a grandma in order to get your kids back.

Yeah, I thought maybe they'd love me.

Their grandma or just a random grandma?

That was the huge mistake.

I dressed up as sort of like a stereotypical grandma.

What is stereotypical about a grandma?

Gray hair, cane, glasses, blue hair.

Blue hair.

Okay.

But you know, I didn't realize people don't mean that literally.

Oh.

So I had like a sonic the hedgehog costume that I cut the head off of, the hair off of.

And I said, I cut the head off first.

I cut the head off of the live stream.

Thought it'd be interesting to be.

Zero viewers.

And the skipper of the current day in front of Suddock's head.

That's right.

Yeah, it was exactly like that.

It was like the movie Proof of Life of Russell Crowe.

Sure.

He won't return my calls.

Wait, you called him?

You found his number?

Maybe it wasn't the right number.

Oh, okay.

I'm not sure.

Yeah.

So I put on the blue hair.

And of course, were the biggest glasses I could find for this grandma.

How big?

Well, again, I think big glasses.

So that's what I got.

But they were those blue and yellow.

Oh.

Sort of sunglasses.

Right.

Yeah, the comically large sunglasses that yeah, I guess I didn't look like they're grandma enough.

Oh, okay.

You were trying to pass as their grandma.

Yes, but I was just random grandma.

And now I'm told it didn't even look like grandma.

I just looked like a weird thing.

I had like not even a human being.

No, Sonic's hair.

These sunglasses that blocked my whole face.

You should have seen my shoes.

Well, describe your shoes.

Ronald McDonald.

Huge red shoes.

I stole them off of one of the, you know, the Ronald McDonald that sits on a bench?

Yeah.

Those are ceramic, I thought.

That's porcelain.

They're porcelain.

They have real shoes.

They cut my feet off.

So you cut off.

Did you do that on a live stream?

I wish.

I wish that would have been huge.

Oh my gosh.

This is an incredible story.

All right.

So if anybody needs help with their life.

Yes.

We're going to pivot to your life coach stuff.

I just wanted to make sure.

Are we out of questions?

Let's get to the life.

How can you help?

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, what are you looking for?

That's so broad.

What is it you want to do in your life?

I give the good advice.

Yeah.

Oh, you give good advice.

Oh, okay.

Is he way what do you want to achieve?

Obviously we need a second world Pete.

Well, I was going to say second season of your show.

It's like something we're being seasoned to and a world peace for all mankind.

Right.

Why do we start with world peace?

Does that mean with everyone getting what they want?

You know, because some of the conflicts between countries are so they're so hard to resolve because you can't give them, you know, how would they get peace?

We'd be able to talk more about geopolitical conflicts.

Yeah, maybe we should get away from that and just go back and you'll.

I don't know what you guys are doing.

I got the answer.

Everybody be nice to each other.

We send this message out to everyone at the same time.

Oh, oh, just do it.

Is that what's been getting in the way?

The same time aspect of it?

Yeah, some people are hearing it on Sunday.

Some people are hearing it on Mondays because not everybody agrees on the same calendar day.

Oh, and when they worship, you know, I mean, sometimes it's Saturday, sometimes it's Sunday.

That's right.

Like, come on.

So we just send it out in like a mass BCC email or something?

Well, we got to do CC.

We want everyone on this thing.

We want everyone to be able to respond to everybody.

Okay.

Yeah.

We send one email to the whole world and nobody will be annoyed by it.

Okay.

And it'll just go, oh, that's right.

I wasn't nice.

Do you?

Okay.

Or to these people.

All right.

Well, that's, I mean, definitely I don't think that anyone has tried this yet.

So mainly because it's a little simplistic, but let's take it down.

Let's, you know, stop thinking globally and start thinking locally.

Like, Z-Wave, what's the biggest problem just in your personal life?

Well, Z-Wave has to find a boyfriend so we can vacation together.

Yes.

Let's make sure to thought my love life.

I'm sure.

This is the perfect thing for me to give advice to you about.

Love life, relationships, familial bonds, which I have none.

Now, I think what you got to do is just put it out there.

You have billboards, right?

For your new show?

Yes.

What do you say?

Before they tear them down, get up there.

Are they tearing them down?

Well, I mean, once a show is off the air, they usually like take a, they don't tear down the entire billboard, but they, they take down the action.

Yeah, you get up there, you throw on your own little piece of paint that says like, looking for relationships, looking to hook up, whatever your vibe is.

Maybe, maybe your number.

My phone number.

Yeah, I could totally, that's something I could do.

I don't think I have paint that large, but that's not to say I couldn't go to Michael's craft store.

Are you a lot in that establishment or is that something you can't frequent as well?

Well, they won't let me buy large paint anymore.

They won't let me buy small paint.

Small just small cans.

Yeah, small cans, puffy paints.

It was the problem was I had a big spill on the way out.

When I was there, I had so much of this paint and I spilled each and every can.

See, I like to put the screwdriver in the lid and take a little bit of a sniff test before I leave to make sure the paint smells.

Yeah, well, it's got to be good still.

If it's expired, you don't want to smell any paint.

This for me, paint is multi-use.

It has to go on the wall, of course, or whatever you're applying it to.

And it's got to fuck you up smell wise.

It's got to get you fuck you up.

Yeah, that's really the first one actually.

Right.

So you were huffing paints there.

I was huffing paint and I spilled it all.

Yeah.

So I lost my endorsement deal with them where I could buy things at two times the cost.

Oh my God.

Terrible.

But yeah, get some paint.

If you're not banned from Michael's, get some big paint, crawl up on the board or pay someone to do it, you know, I don't know.

Yeah.

I mean, you have disposable income that you can pay someone to climb up on a billboard and paint it with big paint.

You know, now that you're saying that, I'm sure that I have a number of people.

I have enough save for one poster with one billboard to really make it count.

But I think that's all I need.

Yeah.

Lady Gaga says that, which is that 99% of the people don't want to date you.

But if there's that one person who wants you to lover and sees a sign, then they will be your husband.

I'm the beneficiary of that definitely.

I got the 1% of the 1% who is actually could tolerate me.

That's right.

That's what I'm looking for because I have found generally in society, I'm completely unacceptable.

Nobody wants to be around me.

Nobody even wants to serve me when I'm paying the money for say a sandwich or whatever.

I'm totally unwanted.

Right.

It seems like you could use that to your advantage by not paying for things like.

You would think, well, if you don't pay, you don't get the thing.

Oh, right.

They don't give it to you for free.

So they make the sandwich.

They make the sandwich.

They take a gander at you.

They just go, you know what?

I think I'm going to eat this one.

I'm going to go ahead and eat this one.

I don't want you to have it.

So what would you do with my life?

I mean, you look, you used to coach me and I was the beneficiary of some, you know, those were some of the best years of my life playing underneath you.

Thank you so much.

You know, I would really like to see what you could do to my life.

Well, first of all, I'm going to start.

You got to get up earlier.

I don't know what time you wake up, but it's just got to be earlier.

It's got to be earlier.

It's got to be earlier than it is.

We can tell.

We can tell you're a night owl.

I can tell.

Oh, of course.

Oh, man.

You see me out there in front of the La Poubel.

That's right.

You're out there.

You got a La Poubel smoking a million cigarette screaming at your friend.

That's you, man.

You need to be in bed by 6, 6 30 PM.

Yeah.

I am actually for the next day.

I sleep 23 hours a day.

Oh, oh, I think you're depressed.

Maybe.

But maybe what do you guys think?

I guess.

Yeah, okay.

I think you are.

See, wait, do you think I seem fine?

No.

Me either.

Now, I also think, Scott, you could run some suicides in the morning.

You wake up at 6.

Now these are the sprints, basically, that we're talking about.

You're not talking about going to a 7-Eleven and getting a drink from them.

You could run a couple of suicides that way.

It wouldn't hurt.

It would up your cool meter, for sure.

Right.

I think you've lost some of the sort of high school at the soda fountain crowd.

Right, right.

So you're saying, like, get up in the morning, get up even 10 minutes earlier.

At least.

Run some suicides.

Yes.

And then that'll what?

Everything will be in great shape.

You'll be ready to take on the day.

Did you do coffee?

I, yes.

I religiously.

You got a quick coffee.

You got to start matcha.

Matcha.

You have to drink a 40-round matcha every morning.

Okay.

Matcha is the only thing I eat.

Yeah.

Now I see.

You reek of matcha.

I wanted to say.

Thank you so much.

Your skin is like it has a green tint to it.

Thank you so much.

Yeah.

Matcha.

Do you eat or drink matcha as you wear?

Matcha, yes.

Every day I drink one gallon of matcha.

Okay.

So you, you, you.

And let me guess.

This started right around the time your TV show happened.

Exactly.

That's why I'm so successful.

It's all that much.

That's what I'm hoping for.

I eat it.

I eat the powder.

Straight.

So yeah, my face and my skin and my mouth are just green.

Yeah.

You look like Oscar the Grouch.

Like, no, no, no, I didn't look grumpy this way.

Okay.

What are you going to do Scott?

You're also wearing, you're in a trash can.

Okay.

So it's the studio's trash can just like step out of it.

Oh, no, I live here.

You went in there the minute you walked into the studio.

Well, some people call me a hermit crab because I don't technically have a place right now and I'm in places.

Oh, no.

So I was kind of wondering if this was the way she's in this great hotel.

Oh, I don't know.

I don't know.

We're closed.

Hotel closed.

Oh, no.

And that makes sense.

That makes sense.

I'm not sure if I'm going to do that.

What I'm doing now is I'm taking videos.

You're shouting. Did you realize that?

Damn it. What are my goals for 2021?

I know you before the show we said, you know what, Chrysanthemum, you're not going to shout.

I'm not going to shout.

Okay, I'm not going to shout.

Okay, here we go.

Take a deep breath.

All right, here we go.

Okay, so what I'm doing now is I'm taking a video of these while they're doing.

They're just so tilt and I'm trying to get them set up as an NFT.

Oh, this is not bad because if you can't sell the sticker, sell the NFT.

That's right.

Hey, Z-way, are you an NFT yet?

Just you as a person?

I am not physically an NFT yet, but I'm ready to sell my soul for the highest bidder.

Yes, Grimes did that, I believe.

Ooh, lucky girl.

Yes.

And she truly was.

And then she had to put in a lot of like caveats in it.

You can't have, you know, be wanting my soul for ill purposes.

And it was like, oh boy, that's, you know what?

That's a circle back.

I'm going to pass right by.

Right.

So an NFT, this is incredible.

Yeah, a non-fungible token.

Ooh.

You even know what it stands for?

Well, yes, I've written it on my hand because I keep forgetting a non-fungible token.

And each part of that I really grasp.

Mm, but I take a- Sure, the non-part especially.

That part I get, so it's not- It's not- Fungible.

Right.

And fungible is, well, we all know.

And tokens- Well, why even, it's like describing that orange ball.

It's like describing that.

Oh, I guess we got to do it then.

Oh, yeah.

That's necessary.

That's right.

No coach, are you, are you looking to share any storage unit space?

It's, yeah, mine's empty.

It's burnt, but it's empty.

Sure, there's no lock on it anymore.

I mean, it's burnt down to the post, right?

I don't pay the monthly thing anymore, but I'd be happy to go in there and try it again.

Okay.

All right, well, maybe not my guess.

So no, I guess would be the book.

Okay, great.

Okay, yeah.

Well, so I'm taking videos of stickers and I've just, well, a lot of them are really speaking me, Scott.

That's the problem.

Are you taking these videos on your phone?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

I don't know how to make it a GIF.

I don't know how to make it a digital piece of art, but I'm just step one is- Oh, you're still at step one.

Yeah, step one.

I think it's important to have several steps for a plan.

Sure.

Make them, you know, a list.

I'm going to bullet journaling coach.

That's really smart.

Absolutely.

I write everything down on one little bullet I say.

Oh, no.

Yeah, because when it's all over, I'm going to put it in my head and it's going to have everything to stick.

Oh, no, please.

Don't do this.

Okay.

Do we need to get someone into the can here for an intervention?

No.

Do you want me to hop in this can with you?

Let's set some goals for you.

Okay.

Scott, Z-way coach.

Any of you bullet jeering?

Well, we heard about you.

I know exactly what it is.

Z-way, do you know what bullet journaling is?

It's going to be right down a period and then you write words next to it.

That's right.

So instead of doing a list with numbers, it's putting a ball.

Yeah, that's right.

So, like Z-way, it was saying, imagine an orange ball, a big one that's very bouncy.

Several lines, one through the middle, perhaps a logo.

I'm only imagining a flat one.

Oh, well, fill it with air.

Don't fill it with air.

Oh, I can't.

I can't imagine this.

Okay, can you imagine the small hole where the needle goes in?

Yes.

Some people say to put your finger on that every time you line up for your free throws.

Did you ever say that code?

He never said that to me.

I thought it.

Oh, you thought it.

So, it's one of those balls.

Did you play basketball?

Oh, never.

But I have a lot of basketball holographic stickers and I'll tell you, they're doing that form the same each time.

Got it.

Over the wrist.

I, um, I imagine- You seem to know more about basketball form than you do about non-fungible tokens and you're getting into this business.

Well, every new business you have to learn about, Scott.

Sure.

You know, I wasn't just gonna, uh, stumble into finding out some- Stumble.

Stumble into finding out some of the finding out.

Are you so nervous you can't pronounce stumble?

Listen, Scott, wouldn't you be nervous if you had several storage units your uncle pays for full of fidget spinners?

I thought it was nervous being on the show.

Like, wouldn't you?

Oh, that too, Scott.

It's just your, your past and your current situation.

You've got to check down your choices and go, oh, something's not right.

Okay, I understand.

So that ball shrink it down, fill it all in.

It's a bullet and that's how you make a list.

Got it.

So that's bullet journaling, um, helps you kind of organize your thoughts in the- You've, you've gone down back into nut shouting.

Well, you know, I'm trying.

It's in my bullet journal every day.

It's trying not to shout.

Right.

Trying not to shout.

So, uh, I have step one, acquire several holographic properties.

Okay.

So I have a, I have a ruler that shows a gymnast doing multiple flips.

Oh, okay.

That's pretty good.

A gymnast of note, like a Carrie Stroog or- No, no, just like a cartoon, a cartoon gymnast.

A cartoon gymnast.

Like a famous cartoon, like a Scooby-Doo?

No, just a, like a cartoon image of a gymnast.

So this is a non-discroof cartoon.

This is not a famous- It's a book like mom.

Yeah, this is not like Calvin and Hobbes doing anything.

No, no, no.

It's not a famous cartoon.

It's like the detail of a bird where you just draw one line.

Yeah.

You know when a bird is just a V?

Sure.

But some cartoonists, like the guy who does, you know, all of his cartoons of famous caricatures in one line, like what's his name?

Oh, we'll never get there.

I don't believe it.

I just don't believe in our ability to ever get there.

It's up in a restaurant, all of his cartoons.

Oh, sardis or something.

Yeah, something like that.

Yeah, well, that's- Something like that.

Something like that.

Yeah, that's the end of that, I think.

Um, she's mostly just legs and a purple leotard.

But if anyone were to look at this person, they wouldn't go, oh my god, that looks like my sister or- Oh, well, it might look like my sister, Scott, but I think that's in the eye of the beholder.

Okay, but it's not supposed to look like anyone.

No.

Like it's supposed to look like no human being that exists.

Well, it's a very tiny cartoon image that- What, how does a cartoon be?

Um, it's- Yeah, I'd say it's about the size of a earring backing for just a universal size.

Because you look like nobody and everybody all at the same time.

Thank you, coach.

It looks like a specific person and you don't have a release for that person.

I just want you to be- Well, I'm gonna say it right now, it does not look like Grimes.

Okay, okay.

It did not pay for Grimes' soul, it does not look like Grimes.

Okay, good.

And Grimes' soul is not entrapped in this ruler.

Z-way, Scott, coach, coach, Z-way, Scott, do you think Grimes saw the episode of The Simpsons where Bart sold his soul?

I don't know.

Do you think she saw the episode of SNL?

She was on with her boyfriend?

And baby daddy?

I don't, uh, I don't know.

Huh.

You think she watched it back or she was like, you were there.

I was there.

I just- I was at the dress rehearsal.

Tell us.

Did she watch it?

She was in it.

She was in, she was in, she was Princess Peach.

She was Princess Peach, yeah.

A lot of, there was some, a lot of things got cut.

What a brilliant day.

What a beautiful day in comedy.

Not enough.

Not enough got cut.

Yeah, I would argue, I wish it was actually, the show was actually twice as long.

So you- I would respect SNL if they came out one night at 11.30 and said, live from New York and Saturday night, you know, the kind of thing they do, that that's their describing the orange ball.

That's, they do it every time.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, top of show.

I would respect it if they were like, if they were like, hey, we did a, we did a 90-minute show at dress rehearsal.

Not good enough, we're going to do 15 minutes tonight.

And then the rest is just local news.

I would respect it.

Love it.

That would be, that would be quite a move.

Yeah.

Power move.

Power, powerful.

Power forward.

That's what I played.

Is that right?

Yeah.

That was the, I mean- Yeah, the big number four.

That's right, the big guy on the block.

Yep.

Now, have you ever thought about, when we were talking about the local news, have you ever thought about getting these things on the news to get seen?

Great, that way.

Maybe commit a crazy crime.

Do something to tell.

Wow.

That's, that's an idea.

Maybe I could, maybe I could pretend that I had a squirrel who knew how to jet ski and bring down some of my, my local anchors and say, hey, while you're here, I mean, I interest you in an NFT.

Do you want to squirrel, first of all?

Or is it a, your story is just going to fall apart that may have asked you any questions.

The first moment they're there, Scott.

Yeah.

And you know, I could, perhaps maybe I need a couple more bullets in that plan, a couple more steps in that.

I could circle back on that.

So you're only on step one.

Step one, acquire holographic images.

And then two, but I, I felt like you've done step two.

You've, you've videotaped it.

Step two, well, I started video, I videotaped- You started.

What do you mean?

How many?

I have a, I got four little videos.

What does the hold up with the videos?

Because they're the size of the images or the size of the back of your earrings.

Right.

So they're quite small.

You can, you know, you can zoom in on them.

I don't know if you've adjusted the camera.

Okay, this is good feedback.

You don't have to stand 10 feet away from it.

Scott, see you wait, coach.

This is great feedback.

I, yeah.

Okay.

So I had, I was a little far back also.

I just did it with my bed spread in the background, which is very busy.

Oh, yeah.

You need to put something, you know, for scale to like, you know.

Yeah.

And maybe zoom in so that the- Like a pen or the image is just the image.

Okay.

Well, this was great feedback.

Yeah.

I'll tell you what.

How do I pay for it?

Okay.

So- Oh, we have a customer.

I need you to have a wallet in a coin base.

I'm out.

This is getting too complicated.

And for this reason, he's out.

Okay.

Scott, ZUA, are you interested in perhaps having a cryptocurrency that you could exchange for my NFT?

I'll tell you what.

These are words that I have written on my hand and they are starting to smear and sweat.

So- So we got to get these out really in the conversation.

These are the end of my buzz words.

I understand.

ZUA seems interested.

I would go 50-50 with ZUA on this.

50-50, 50-50 of what?

Yeah.

What are we talking?

Money?

No, a crypto.

A crypto?

One crypto?

I have a dog coin that I've been holding on to just in case that I get rich.

Really?

This is exciting because a holographic sticker that I have in my mind, I'm not sure if it is real or just an amalgamation of several childhood memories, but I think I had a very fun holographic sticker that I got in a spelling bee in our local library where the dog's tongue came out and then rolled back in.

Uh-huh.

If I could find this sticker that may or may not exist, take a small video of it, turn it into a GFT to be an NFT.

Would you two go 50-50 on a dog coin in exchange for this NFT?

Why do you have the dog coin in case you get rich?

I think most people get them so they do become rich, right?

You never know, but it's like- What are you going to do with it if you're rich?

I'm going to sell it.

So I get richer.

But then you'll be richer, but sell it now so you can get rich.

Because it's like seven cents, but I want it to be a dollar.

She's got a weight, Scott.

Tell you what, we'll go 50-50 on this.

I'll go- I'll take 50% of your dog coin.

No, no, no.

You got to bring your own coin.

I got to bring my own coin.

Yeah.

You always giving me a dog-a dog coin.

What kind of coin?

Is it pronounced dog coin, do we know?

It's talking to a dog coin.

Yeah, I think it's a doge coin.

Oh, I thought she had her- I thought you had your own coin.

I was fully ready to believe there's also a dog coin.

But let's start dog coins.

Let's start circling back this.

I think I'm in on this too.

Wait, you can't just be in on something.

When I created dog coins.

What?

She already- Oh my God.

This is our ideas anyway.

Well, I thought- But the idea of servers, because we need four two servers that pollute the environment.

The environment that people are taking up enough computing power to constantly be solving equations.

Oh, yes.

Wait a minute though.

You always had old computers in your apartment when I would drop by.

Yeah, none of them working, but a lot of old ones.

You have a ton of old computers.

That's true.

Maybe we could rewire something.

Yeah.

Can I be honest with you guys?

I hope so.

I mean, this is what this show is.

People come on here to be honest.

I feel like I should go back to Fidget Spinners.

Yeah.

I don't know.

That seemed like your brand.

I feel like I should just get back into my old storage unit, call my uncle and say, can I get the keys, get out my old Fidget Spinners, and just get back to what really makes me happy.

Yeah.

I mean, that didn't make you happy.

It's making you nervous and sweaty.

It's making me nervous and, but it's all, I guess it's what I knew.

Yeah.

It seems like you're trying to guild the lily here and trying to do things that you're not familiar with.

I was trying to leap and hope that I'd catch something, you know, and now I just feel like what I caught was the return to Fidget Spinners.

Oh, gee.

I think I might circle back to Fidget Spinners.

Circle back.

Yeah.

This is like you, Scott.

This is me.

Getting back to what you're good at instead of trying to become a TV star and like maybe use a small cable show as a launching pad to do something bigger?

No.

Let's take it back to podcasting.

Let's go right back to Fidget Spinners.

Sure.

Yeah.

Feels good.

Feels good to do that.

Familiar.

Nothing like a little familiar.

Like a lukewarm bath, the feeling of your own skin.

Of course, nothing like returning to a job you know how to do and have sort of exhausted all of the possibilities of.

Yeah.

Something that spins around balanced on your finger and you don't have to think too hard about it.

This show is the Fidget Spinner of Comedy.

Beloved by fifth graders who just can't pay attention in class.

There you go.

Well wonderful, Chrysanthemum, trummers.

We're back to where you are and...

Good.

I feel good.

We are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and that is of course a little something called plugs.

This is what I'd say to me.

But your clothes right in my hair.

They are more after you feel.

This is the way I will tie.

You will too.

That was amazing.

Amazing.

What I'd like to hear by Gordy Brave.

Gordy Brave.

Thank you so much to Gordy Brave.

That was a good one.

Enjoyed that.

And I'm not lying.

I loved it.

And that is...

I came on this show to be honest and I am being very honest about that.

What are we plugging here?

Z-way, obviously the show Z-way.

Watch the show Z-way on Showtime and other streaming apps.

Yeah, it's great.

Anything else going on in your career that you can talk about?

Are you pivoting to movies?

Because I failed downward when it came to TV.

But it seems like out of anyone I know you're going to get the big bounce.

You know, time will tell.

I also am writing a book that could be dropping soon.

So yeah.

Really?

How will you know?

Will it just be in a bookstore and you're like, holy shit.

Yeah, suddenly I will be on another press tour and that'll be different.

But no, I'm writing it upstate the summer so the book will be released February 2022.

But other things are coming but I don't know what I'm allowed to say.

You never know.

I'm so excited to be alive.

Yes, plug life.

Life is kicking ass.

Taking names, of course.

Life doesn't just kick ass without taking names.

You gotta take names if you're going to kick ass.

I think when it takes names though, it's just, you know, making friends.

Yeah, it's like, hey, I'd love to kick your ass later.

Let me remind, and I don't want to forget your name.

So let me write it on down.

Right, of course.

Maybe a mnemonic device next to it.

Every time someone kicks my ass, I give them my business card.

I want them to have my name.

So then they circle back and say, hey, remember coach?

Hey, interest is interest.

A lot of people circling back and finding your apartment and kicking your ass again.

Yes.

Hey coach, if I could just ping this for you.

I was wondering if you remember when I kicked your ass.

Absolutely.

I see you still got my business card there.

Chris, what are you plugging here?

Well, Scott.

Don't get nervous and don't shout.

Oh my gosh.

No, Scott, I'm plugging you in something that feels good for you.

And if that's collecting fidget spinners that speak to you because they're made of a matte metal and that makes you feel excited, then that's what that is for you.

Sure.

But for other people, it could probably be like listening to a podcast.

Oh, sure.

Yeah, you could listen to off book, the improvised musical podcast anywhere.

Podcasts are sure.

And that's, I mean, that's, you're a fan.

You mentioned that.

I think the last time you were on the show, you're a fan of that show.

You're a fan of that show.

And you're a fan of that show.

You're a fan of that show.

And you're a fan of that show.

You're a fan of that show.

And you're a fan of that show.
