♪♪ Dearest wife, please prepare my burial bucket hat for I fear I've contracted a fatal case of the dreamers disease.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, thank you to Pat Chatham's for that wonderful catchphrase submission and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

This is an exciting week. My name is Scott O'Gorman. I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

An exciting week to be here. Coming up a little later, we have someone who's in the...

What kind of industry would I say? I would... I guess I would say he's in the sanitation industry.

We also have an ambassador. We have an interesting person coming up a little later, so that's exciting.

And coming up first on the show, though, is someone who is sort of all of those.

He is an interesting person and ambassador of acting to the world, I would think.

Did it, Adakin?

And he's also worked on some stinky projects, so he's been in the sanitation business.

We won't name them, but...

But I think primarily he is known for his work on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show as Slow Joey.

He is our old friend. He's been acting... Got it. I got to say, you've been acting for 25 years at this point.

Is that around...

30 next year.

30 next year. We'll talk about his very first role. I want to hear about that.

You know him, he's star of stage and screen. Screen's both big, both small.

I mean, anything can be a small screen these days. You know, you can watch a movie on your gosh darn phone these days.

Please welcome Haley Joel Osman.

Hi, Scott. Thanks for having me.

Wonderful to have you. What was your first role? Your first gig? What did you book?

I was in a Bigfoot Pizza Hut commercial, which was a promotional pizza for Pizza Hut.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

A Bigfoot Pizza commercial?

For Pizza Hut.

Bigfoot, what Bigfoot Pizza was the type of pizza?

Oh, okay.

I think the X files had just come out and they were doing a lot of that.

I thought you were saying it was a Bigfoot Pizza commercial.

That was the chain.

But it was for Pizza Hut, which seems to be a weird cross-player kind of Northwestern pizza place that was later absorbed by the Pizza Hut Company.

So what was a Bigfoot Pizza then?

It was a very dry, very thin, rectangular pizza that didn't last long on the market.

Like a Sicilian?

Like a, like a, what do you, yeah, thin crust pizza, but in a, you know, a rectangular box.

This is a thing.

Pizza's primarily, I'd say 75 to 90 percent of them.

They're round.

This bucked the trend.

Yeah.

This was, you know, there is round as a clock.

This was trying to go for the Chicago deep dish, but without it being a deep dish.

Right. Chicago thin dish.

Yeah, Chicago thin dish.

People from Chicago, they love talking about it, don't they?

They really do.

Yeah, they like to try and create some sort of rivalry with us, although we're making it.

Yeah, we don't care.

No, we don't care.

Where did you grow up again?

I lost Angeles.

I lost Angeles, yeah.

And we talked last time you were on the show about your father taking you around to auditions.

Is that right?

It was either my father or my mother.

It was one of them.

Was it 50-50?

It was about 50-50 in those days, yeah.

Mmm.

Yeah. Just like my favorite ice cream.

Oh, yeah.

Half baked?

Yes, exactly.

And so that was your first thing, and it was your first time on a set.

Did you wonder what the cameras were?

Were you that stupid?

I was.

I was pretty stupid at age four, but I still think that roles done at age four count just as much as some of my later latter day work on comedy bang bang.

You're just as proud.

I'm just as proud.

Yeah, they all stand up next to each other and they are all of the same height.

What did you do to get the role?

Do you remember the audition?

Do you remember anything about it?

No, because it was one line and it was the one line that was in the commercial.

It was staring right into the camera.

There was some other kid that maybe had a chance to say the line, but he was wearing a hat and looking at the ground, so he didn't get to be on television.

Dummy.

Wait, so it could have been any of you?

It could have been either of us.

Wow.

I think that both of us had a chance to jump in with the line, and my timing was better, and I said, big would be an understatement.

Big would be an understatement.

Yeah.

You could say that at four.

No, I said big would be an understatement, which was, yeah.

Which really made the pizza pop, I think.

So now this other dude, if he had said it, he would have been in the sixth sense.

I've been looking for him for 30 years, Scott.

Really?

Have you sincerely been, did you get, did you have the call sheet from back then?

No, I'm not.

No, maybe not.

Because it was an ensemble.

There was people talking about how large this pizza was, and there was a quick shot.

So the pizza was supposed to be big?

It was supposed to be unusually big.

I would think you would say rectangular is an understatement, because that seemed to be the primary thing of how you described it to me originally.

Rectangular would be accurate.

That was going to be a punch it up from there.

Meanwhile, big would be an understatement.

Big would be an understatement, though, yeah.

Yeah, did you ask to punch up your line?

I did.

I asked to see the director.

I said, look, it's a little bit too big.

So you're not an under five anymore.

We can really, really put a lot more into this second and a half.

Yeah.

So in the audition, do you remember saying it and feeling like you did a good job?

Yeah, I do remember, because those were the days when it was truly cattle call auditions for commercials.

Maybe this is my memory exaggerating, but it seemed like there was a thousand kids in some warehouse in Burbank and each one going in.

No, I think we went in like as a group, like six at a time and went down the line.

It went down the line, really?

Okay.

That's good that they didn't just go like, no, you're not right.

You're not right.

You can say the line.

Yeah, exactly.

I remember I auditioned kids, four-year-old kids, for a pizza, a fake pizza commercial.

Was it based on this commercial?

Yes, it was.

Same era, probably.

No, it was the Frankie Pee Cheese Winkle's pleasure factory commercial.

And they had one line, which was, it's pumpkin inny because it was pumpkin pizza.

And there, you know, and it was just, you know, who could say it with this thing?

I was like, they all had to smile after they said it.

Yeah.

And this one kid comes in and goes, it's pumpkin in.

And I was like, oh, you got to say a little more excited than that.

He's like, it's pumpkin inny.

I was like, and then you got to smile.

He's like, I don't want to smile.

I was like, is your, are your parents making you do this?

He's like, yes, I hate it.

I'm like, well, you should tell them that you don't want to do this anymore.

He's like, they just make me though.

Oh, no.

I like to think that's how you work.

And then, you know, springboard to success here.

That's what fuels me, Scott, the need to not be on set at all times.

Yeah.

Well, speaking and being on set, you're on the show, Kamiśki Method.

Have we talked about that?

Maybe you talked about with someone else in the past.

Oh, Sarah Baker, that's right.

Oh, yeah, that's what it was.

Yeah.

That's right.

You want to talk about it?

I got a color up about getting in ahead of me.

You got a raft full of Emmy-noms.

Oh, yeah.

At least six.

Maybe more of it definitely less.

Okay.

This is, I mean, this is probably what, the fifth day of Emmy?

Would you say?

Like the first day of Emmy is when all the posters go up for, you know, all around town, a four-year consideration.

That's day one.

Day two is when nomination voting opens.

Right.

Day three is when nomination voting ends.

Okay.

Maybe this is day four.

Is this day four?

Are there 12 days of Emmy?

Of course, the 12 days of Emmy.

It's the 12 drummers drumming.

We all get to go.

Exactly.

All culminating in the Emmy spectacular itself.

Scott, I've been to your house.

You have two Emmys prominently displayed prominently in the basement.

You make everyone kiss that will not in your old house, Scott.

Well, look, they look like women.

Of course you want to kiss them.

That's okay.

Maybe it's just spontaneous when you come into the lobby.

Yeah.

There's one of those things.

They always like, photographers, they're always like, kiss the award.

It's so emasculating.

Why would anyone kiss the award?

When I was at Cannes, when I was like 12 years old.

Lala.

Yeah.

Well, yeah, this is a story that's weirdly like that.

I would just happen to be standing next to a girl my age.

We were just, we're just having some time.

There's not a lot of Emmy for time.

Yeah, it came up and was like, oh, okay, like any older hand, really, oh no, we don't know each other.

He goes, oh, well, can you kiss her on the lips?

Oh, hey, what an escalation.

And that was Margot Robey.

And that launched both of our careers.

Amazing.

Yeah.

So you were in the sixth fence and I'm presuming that was right after the pizza commercial.

Of course, Gump was right after the pizza commercial.

Oh, that's right.

As a direct result.

Yeah, that one.

As a direct result, how does that work?

The casting director told us she saw the commercial and that's where she pulled my, my headshots.

Is that how Tom Hanks got it to?

He was.

He was in the other part of the commercial.

Yeah.

So you were, you were like Forest Kid or something in that?

Did he fuck?

I'm sure later he did.

Maybe not during the, oh, Forest, Forest.

Wait, who are you thinking?

My character.

Oh, I'm sure he has at some point.

Maybe you later on.

I don't remember.

I don't remember Forest getting down in that movie then.

Oh, yeah, he did.

He did.

With who?

With Jenny.

With Jenny?

With the titular Jenny.

Yeah, with the titular Jenny.

Oh, okay.

You got to watch it again, this guy.

Okay, sure.

But okay, so then you get, you get Forest Gump and out of that M night or as they call him night.

That's right.

He casts you in sixth sense and then he recently, he followed up that unbreakable with the sequel.

What about the sixth sense where it's like the fifth sense and now you smell dead people?

Yeah.

I mean, everyone does though.

Well, that's a thing.

I mean, everyone could smell them.

Well, still.

I mean, you're like precocious about it and people love it.

Can you not talk about this?

Is this happening?

It might be in the pipeline.

This is 2021.

It's all on the table.

All of the 12 days of Oscars will be coming up.

It's called days of Oscars.

We're coming back.

Yeah.

You obviously people know your work, but as comedy bang bang slow Joey, was that the pinnacle of your career or is it all downhill from here?

I hope there are multiple pinnacles.

I hope it's more like a circus tent with, you know, you're sliding down the canvas.

You're sliding up the canvas.

Do people slide up and down canvas?

I am.

It's really.

Yeah.

When Cirque came to Dodger Stadium, I was like, they let you go up to the top of the tent and just wing it around in the trinkies.

To be a famous kid.

You're in LA.

So much fun.

But yes, comedy bang bang was definitely a highlight for me.

Getting to be on the final episode was very special.

That day was a very special episode was happy to have you there.

You shot for an actual spin off with your character slowing it down.

He did.

And no takers.

No takers.

We should send it around again.

We should.

It was a good show.

You know, Deadpool had to go around a couple of times before Hollywood accepted it.

I think the slow Joey.

Wait a minute.

You was Deadpool.

He hasn't taken it off very much in the movies.

I think it could be.

You could be Deadpool.

Yeah.

They have a new Batman, a new Spider-Man.

Why not a new thing?

Like, Ryan Reynolds.

Yeah, of course he's like got a lock on this roll or something.

Come on.

Well, Batman.

There will come a day where he releases his lock on the roll and I can step in.

Do you think that?

Okay.

So Joker is the only comic book character that's ever had an actor win an Oscar for being him.

And this is twice now.

That's right.

Okay.

So you got Heath Ledger and you have what's his name?

Good old Lee.

Joaquin.

Yeah.

Joaquin.

What about Deadpool?

Well, Ryan has to win first to set it up.

So I can be the second and break.

Will it ever happen?

Yeah.

Someone playing Deadpool wins an Oscar for playing Deadpool.

Murphy's Law, it will happen.

Everything that could happen will happen.

I can see it with Batman maybe down the line, but Deadpool.

Deadpool.

The Merc with a mouth.

It finally gets dead.

A real tear, Joker.

Dead, cool strips away all the irony and it's just a real tugging on the heartstrings.

Well, Haley, what do you got in that old pipeline that you mentioned earlier?

What's coming up?

What's happening with the Comiskey Method?

Is it coming out?

Is it out?

Is it over?

I've been engaging on a years-long project, Scott, where to get either murdered on every series that I'm on or to end the series, the season that I come on.

It worked on Comedy Bang Bang.

It happened on the other show I have coming out this year, Goliath, the final season.

Goliath?

Is this the sequel to the Hawkeye show?

Yes, yes it is.

For people who don't know, the character of Hawkeye started out as Goliath where he would grow really big.

I did not know that.

Okay.

But yeah, it's a good Carson.

Yeah.

I did not know that.

Not as good.

Yeah, damn it.

But yeah, we got that coming out.

Blybob Thornton, Brewster and Jenna Malone, JK Simmons playing my father this season.

Thank God.

I thought you were going to say JK Rowan.

JK Rowan.

No, Tori is turf.

She was not invited.

No.

But that's coming out.

That was the other show we did under a pandemic style shooting.

Was that the one you went to Africa for or was that something different?

No, that never got picked up.

Unfortunately, that was a show called Oasis which I think you can still watch on Amazon.

Yeah, I remember you sitting in my dining room table telling me all about that one night.

I'm certain that it would be picked up.

Yes.

I mean, you went to Africa to do it.

It was right after the 2016 election.

I think the theme of that conversation was like, I'm out of here.

I'm not going to have to deal with this.

See in six years.

That's right.

This is going to be too good in the country.

Good.

Everything's going to be so awesome.

I got to get out of here to really fuel my art.

So you have a Goliath comes out where and when?

That would be, I think, I don't know if they've released a date yet, but on Amazon Prime later in the summer.

Or at least I am as powerful as I understand it.

I bought a bookshelf there.

And now you have a show coming up.

Oh, nice.

Very good.

I just bought some new rainbows and combos.

Yeah.

We do, Scott.

We do.

Well, Haley Joel Osmond is here.

A friend of the show, obviously.

Oh, by the way, we saw each other at a Dodger game the other day.

We decided we're going to sing the National Anthem together.

Yes.

Absolutely.

You don't know how this happens, but you suggested that I should do it.

Yeah.

And then somehow you also said then you should get involved because I found a bootleg Thanos plastic saxophone that I think would be really on brand.

Yeah, I think that would be amazing to just bust that up.

We don't tell anyone.

We rehearse it on the field before the game and they're like, oh, pretty good.

I mean, for two loser actors.

Yeah, they sang it.

It was fine.

But then the actual one, you bust out the purple and gold.

And it was sick.

It was just playing it.

It's great seeing whenever it's a play person playing an instrument and you're standing close because the delay is like five seconds.

So they just look like they're going nuts and all the wrong notes while a different performance.

Did you watch the the homerun derby?

I did watch the homerun derby.

I was in the stands.

I caught 59% of the balls.

Wow.

How big is your glove?

It's the full field.

Oh my God.

You stole the one from the Giants Park and took it to Colorado.

Wow.

Congrats.

It's like a big sort of like not copper, but what do you make statues out of?

It was a big golden glove basically.

And I was trying to convince my nephew that they try to hit homeruns into the glove.

That's what they're aiming for.

Yeah.

He's like, I doubt it.

Okay.

You go to a lot of baseball games.

I do.

Yeah.

If a baseball game is being held somewhere, you're probably there.

Probably.

Yeah.

And in recent years, I used to live kind of close to Dodger Stadium.

So there was a...

What was your address?

Three, five, two Dodger Stadium Land.

Oh, wow.

It was literally right there.

Really?

Wow.

Yeah.

They have houses.

And then you also told me about like an apartment that you could watch games from, right?

That's in Toronto.

Toronto.

Yeah.

Some of my high school friends and I, we do like occasional field trips.

And I missed this one, but they all went and got hotel rooms in the outfield in the Toronto Stadium.

And you know, the players playing catch in the outfield can like throw balls up to the window.

You're right.

They do.

And they did that time.

They can.

They do.

And they do.

And they will.

Oh, amazing.

Well, Haley Joel Osman is here.

We've covered it all from kamiskey method to baseball games to Bigfoot pizza.

To Bigfoot pizza.

I hope they bring it back.

Yeah.

You ever make one at home?

You ever like, what's...

I'm really missing this.

That would be...

I said, that would have been a nice like sad thing to do during the pandemic.

Like alone at home going, oh, the cool thing.

I made pizzas in the early part of the pandemic.

Yeah.

And I made pizzas, cakes, specialty cocktails.

And then we started getting really, really fake.

I was like, I gotta cut this out.

This pandemic stuff is fun.

But...

God, I could just cook all day every day for years and years.

Yeah.

That's...

I mean, some people do it until the day they pass on and, you know, off this mortal coil into whatever exists out there.

And by the way, I want to get you on record about what do you think exists after death?

Oh, let's get right into that.

Do you think we just shut off like a light switch?

Just like, boom, we're done?

Scott, that's why I want to be cremated.

I want to know absolutely that it is over.

Here's my thing.

Don't cremate me because what if you...

We have no way of recording it as humans, but what if you're still sentient?

And then suddenly, like, it's bad enough you die and you can't move anymore.

Then they throw you in a fire?

Right.

But I mean, the other option is staring into the inside of a coffin.

Leave me out.

Leave me out somewhere.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I think they had that farm where they do forensic research in Tennessee where you can be slung out into a field and studied.

Oh, that would be cool.

It's actually very useful data, so it's an helpful thing.

What about stuffing you like, you know, like an animal?

That's got to be legal somewhere.

Yeah.

Why wouldn't it be legal?

Like, if you can take a dead body and put it in the ground somewhere, it's got to be legal to like stuff a dead body.

I seriously thought that that's what your plan was to be stuffed and to be sat right here to the right of the next host forever in the year Wolf Studio.

He's a Jason Mizzouka as her whomever.

I just want to always be.

He's going to marry Coolop as well.

So I want to be in the room.

That's nice.

In the room where it happened.

You like Lin-Manuel Miranda?

Oh, yeah.

Wonderful.

Hailey Joel Osman is here.

We have to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned person who is in the sanitation industry and he's been on the show before.

He was a wonderful guest, a wonderful addition to our roster here.

Please welcome back to the show Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber.

Scott, how are you?

I'm doing really good.

It's great to, this is Hailey by the way.

Hailey, how are you?

I'm great, man.

How are you doing?

Hailey, do you prefer to be called Hailey Joel as like when people are saying your first name?

Not to bring it back to me too much, but there's been a weird rise in Hailey Joel's that I did not initiate.

I've always just been Hailey.

Really?

You didn't initiate it but spreading like wild.

I'm going to call you Hailey Joel.

Oh, I like that.

What about HJ?

HJ is acceptable.

I'll take that.

That's a good chance for hand jub.

Hand jub, holy sometimes.

It's true.

Sometimes it stands for me.

If we call you HJ all the time, maybe the hand jub thing goes away.

That's true.

I could take it back.

How many times do you like realistically, how many people without irony say HJ?

Can I have an HJ?

Here's what it is.

You have to become so famous that then like they start naming kids after you like how there were all these kids named Daenerys, you know what then?

It's going to be like HJ Jr, HJ Rodrigo, HJ J, HJ Johnson.

And then all of a sudden people are like, what do they call that thing where someone else takes their hand and jerk off your penis and then you come?

Is it the Howard Johnson vaccine?

No, it's the Johnson Johnson.

Howard Johnson.

I did get the Howard Johnson vaccine.

It's just orange sherbet.

It comes with like egg cream and a couple pancakes.

So it's actually pretty good, Scott.

All right.

Michael Ruby is here.

And Scott, you may have heard from my, I did have a nice little detour here with HJ and that was fun, but you did hear from my initial hello that I was feeling that.

I'm sorry to get your off track with that.

I came in, not hot Scott, but I would say I came.

I have plenty of guests who come in hot.

I don't need another one to come in hot.

No, I'm coming in cold, Scott, because I'll tell you, you're mentioned I'm a returning guest here, Scott.

And the last time you're on, you came in relatively warm.

I did come in pretty hot.

I came in, I would say better like higher than the temperature you've set your air conditioning to.

Sure.

85.

I'm a 88 guy.

What do you say?

I said it at the back to the future speed.

I always say because you always like Justin case, you know, an HJ.

What do you say to your acoustic to?

66 degrees at night, 74 degrees during the day.

It's a 66 at night.

I wish you could get away with that.

I'm 71 at night and my wife hates it.

Maybe you could play too cold for her.

Wait, what do you think?

Too hot?

Maybe.

I just read a whole book about this.

Optimal sleeping temperatures between 68 and 65 degrees.

That's how I feel we're supposed to be like little animals who crawl up in our caves.

Your core temperature is supposed to drop.

Okay, you're sounding like you want to win an Oscar for playing Mr. Freeze.

Because that sounds like it'd be a good movie.

But let me just say Scott again, I am for you.

You are for a learn.

Well, let's recap though the last time you're on the show.

The no stank plumber.

I am known as the no, my name is Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber.

Because a lot of plumbers when you go in, it's a big stanky affair.

And the plumbers themselves have body odor.

Yeah, so that's a two pronged problem.

If you're calling a plumber, you don't want to add more stank.

But here's the thing, Scott.

Wait, were you no stank meaning you come in with no stank and then you remove the stank that exists or are you just not additive?

Scott, I don't know if you realistic to your episodes.

Did I ask this already?

Because there was a, there was a, why would I re-listen to these episodes?

Because most of what we talked about last time was my 11 step process in which I reduce my own smell situation before I enter some of these steps are before you even get to the house.

Most of, and Scott, let me just say the reason I am for Lauren is because I re-listen to the episodes.

Oh no.

And I heard the way I was speaking about myself, Scott.

And I realized that the no stank way, Scott, that's not right.

What?

This is your whole thing?

It is, Scott.

But let me just say to put the type of pressure on yourself, do not smell at all.

It leads to a lot of weird stuff, Scott.

If you remember, I was pulling up to people's houses and getting completely naked and it's like my body with that spotty spray.

I mean, that's just, when you hear it, when you're saying it, you're like this is- When you're saying it out, yeah.

But when you hear it back, Scott, yeah.

You're like, something is deep down wrong with this guy.

He's got to really do self-reflection.

I got to say, because a lot of guests come on this show and it's interesting to talk to these people.

And this is the show where we talk to interesting people.

Of course, they say- AKA humanity's podcast.

And I listen to people's stories and I'm like, huh, interesting person.

There may be something unusual about them, maybe to the listener, but to me it's interesting.

You know, this guy might have a business with- Wait, that business model seems a little weird, but- It's interesting.

It's interesting.

It's not this new- Oh no, this year we do have small business.

Sorry.

No, I'm going to do a small business owners and tall business owners.

That's right.

But with you, I remember thinking like, this guy's a little bit too odd.

Something's off.

Something's off with this guy.

You had hundreds of guests over the years.

And you were the first one where I was like- Something's off.

I don't know.

And you know what it was, Scott?

What I was hearing was a lot of self-hate, Scott.

From you.

From me.

Okay, not from you, Scott.

I didn't listen for your own self-hate.

Were you turning down the volume anytime I talk?

Anytime you started talking, I was like, skip through this part.

Fifteen seconds.

I know you average speaking about 15 seconds per clip.

So anytime I hear your voice- I try to give it to 15.

Every single time I talk.

I hit the 15th second thing.

And I was just hearing myself and I was like, you know what?

I have my 11-step process, Scott.

I need to evaluate the way I do business as a no-stank plumber.

So right now, my name is just Mike Ruby, the regular stank plumber, Scott.

The regulars.

This is a weird mark.

Does it not roll off the tongue?

I mean, you know, look, if I'm going to start criticizing names for not rolling off the tongue, I mean, I would never have a guest here.

That'd be crazy.

You know what I mean?

You would never.

I mean, you got a HJOV.

But as far as like what the...

That's the BV.

We've said it in the talking chart.

It's a thing now.

It's kind of...

But what do you think, HJ, when you hear Mike Ruby, the regular stank plumber, where does your mind go?

Are there any dashes in the title?

He's concerned about dashes.

Interesting.

So yeah, that's the...

This is pretty...

He's got a whole head question.

He's got watches the Olympics for the dashes.

Okay.

So somebody's taking this slow, jolly roll to hunt because that is some knucklehead shit right there.

But here's what my mind goes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Hold on.

There are a few dashes at the end.

Okay.

Yeah.

So it's like continuing.

Yeah.

It's the regular stank plumber dash dash.

To be continued.

Okay.

It's got a weird...

But here's where my mind goes.

Oh, this guy's not going to get rid of the stank in my apartment.

In my apartment.

Oh, right.

Or my condo.

Or my rental, my Airbnb.

Well, Scott, that's why, of course, I've come here because I'm here to advertise my plumbing business and...

Sure.

Maybe you didn't work last time, by the way.

It worked, Scott.

But again, I did shut things down pretty quickly when I realized that I was tearing myself apart from the inside.

Oh, huh.

So, Scott, I am here to read another ad.

And if you don't buy a different, I could do my ad read, is that okay?

I guess so.

Do you need anything from us or...?

Oh, no.

Just open your minds, of course.

You know, I will do that.

Oh, we always do that.

I don't know if you do that on a regular basis.

I opened my mind in the parking lot before I come in.

Okay, you know what?

Let's all take a second.

Just take a deep breath in.

And open your minds.

Can I breathe out?

And then...

And then breathe in and out.

And then you can sort of take back your breathing altogether.

Okay.

I was having a dinner party the other day, and I went into the bathroom, and I realized it was covered in shit.

Okay, again, not to interrupt you again, but again.

Why are... why when you do these commercials, are you doing a character on top of what you're already doing?

Because, Scott, you know, it's a... I don't know if you've worked in the radio video before.

This guy, maybe he's the slow Joey.

But, you know, you could do different voices and save some money, but...

Oh, that's right.

You're playing someone else.

I'm playing someone else.

You don't want anyone to know that you're...

No, no, okay.

Sorry.

I'm not, so here we go, here we go.

Okay, are we gonna take it from the beginning?

What did you do that time?

Because I don't know that I was paying attention because that voice was so extreme.

It was, it was extreme.

This was like your new, no betting court or something.

Yeah, return your own breathing to your own apparatus.

Alright, here we go.

Now I was having a dinner the other day.

I was having a dinner party.

I'm gonna have to sign it over.

I was having a dinner party the other day, and I went into the bathroom, but I realized it was covered in shit.

And when I called those other plumbers, they gave me the runaround talking about fees and estimates, but then I called Mike Ruby.

Hi.

I'm Mike Ruby.

And here's the truth.

I smell sometimes I go around and I maybe shout in the morning, but I'm doing a lot of stuff.

So maybe I'm a little ripe or maybe I took a shit and I was in a Starbucks and they didn't have great toilet paper.

So you're really getting some, some smells, but I'm still a good plumber.

Okay.

I do my job correctly.

And when I leave after I disassociate and wake up and hope your bathroom was clean.

Oh, that's right.

Okay.

But I forgot that part of your thing.

Yeah.

You don't like like it.

I can't clean a bathroom.

If I go in the end and you pass out and you wake up that step eight, of course disassociate.

I go in there, hit my head on the toilet.

I wake up, hope the bathroom's clean.

I'll be back into the commercial.

I when I disassociate, I wake up your bathroom nine times out of ten, it's clean.

If not, I'm burning it to the ground, but I am allowed to have smells.

I'm good enough, I'm smart enough, and God damn it, people like smelling you.

Hashtag ad hashtag promo code CBB.

That was really emotional and I kind of feel like people are going to see that story and sort of be like, I relate to that guy struggling.

Can you say God damn on the radio?

Did I say God damn it?

Yeah.

You got that whole thing over again.

You know what I won't do it.

You know, that's not my main concern.

By the way, that's the other part I forgot.

Ten percent of the time you're burning the house to the ground.

Can I wake up if the bathroom is still kind of messy?

I don't know how to deal with that, so I burn the thing to the ground.

You're not going to disassociate twice.

Dude, disassociate twice?

That's crazy.

That's step eight.

That'd be like a 16 to associate.

But what were you guys like?

So, what was I going to say?

You were the one talking.

You can't just get out of a bad joke by saying what was I going to say?

Okay, well, I guess nobody's onto the radio show.

Well, no.

Okay, so have you gotten the steps down to where it's no longer an 11 step process?

It's still 11 steps.

Oh, really?

Yeah, it's still 11 steps.

I have changed a lot of the steps and a lot of them I think are better for my personal health, but I could run you through the 11 steps.

Well, I mean, if you're prepared to run through the election, I would like to listen to that.

I mean, H.J, I don't know if you have time, but I mean, I have time.

We've seen it five times.

It's a thing now, H.J.

Now, step one, of course, has received the call in order to do with John.

You've got to answer the call.

You've got to answer the ghostbusters, said.

Did Lady Ghost Must dissy.

Did you know what I mean, H.J.?

Yeah, I did.

You know, like, when you get into that Lady Ghostbusters H.J.?

I did see the ladies ghostbusters.

That would have been cool to be in, right?

It would have been.

I like you.

Yeah, it would have been one of those blue.

If they had any parts for men, I'm sure it would have been in it.

Well, I mean, you could have been the Sigourney Weaver part, like all, you know, floating up and your dress all of, you know, floating, floating, you know, from the ghost wind and all that kind of stuff.

It could have been, you know, I walked by the station wagon that's parked on the Sony lot many times that year.

You could have been the female ghost who gives Dan Aykroy to BJ's.

I could have been.

I mean, talk about Oscar bait.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm a HJ that gave a beach jam.

Okay.

A beach jam.

Is that a BJ on the beach?

A damn right.

I just made it up.

Now step one, of course, like getting any acting role, H.J., you, of course, realize it's answer the call.

Answer the call.

So step two, of course, I look at my own shower and I say, I do not need you today.

Okay.

Out loud or?

I say it a few times.

It's like a word of affirmation shower.

I do not need you.

It's like a mantra.

And then step three, of course, as it was before, I would drive to the house with the windows up and spray, axe, body spray, because I can't let any of the outside smells come in.

Okay.

So you are taking that preventative step?

Yes.

I am still doing that, but now I crack the window a little bit.

Okay.

Good.

Just with my old mental health, you know, that's something that's good for me.

And then step four, get to their door.

Okay.

Good.

So wait, you have not stopped the car at this point.

Don't.

You're just driving right through their door?

Again, when I came up with these steps, I was trying to do it in a way that was the most good for my mental health.

So I slow the car down to about 10 and I tuck and roll and I hope it hits a dumpster of stuff.

10% of the time.

10% of the time it does.

The other times I burn the neighborhood to the ground.

I'm about to do some insurance claim.

Sure.

So step four, I get to the door.

And now, of course, this was when I would take my clothes off and spray myself with axe, body spray, but instead I fart once and I ring the door.

Why?

Because I want to be comfortable with my own smell.

Okay.

So this is a sort of power move for my own anxiety.

I fart once, I ring the doorbell.

They come to the bell.

Step five, I ask them to point me in the general direction of with the message.

Why not specifics?

Again, we talk about that.

Because you forgot step six because they just say east, west, north, south.

That's right.

And you have a compass, of course.

And then, but then I step six famously float off the ground like pepilipine towards the smell and go towards the smell.

So all I need is a general direction.

Why do you need the general direction if you're going to float off the ground?

Because sometimes you need to be facing the smell.

Now, this is, this is why I used to need it, Scott, because I used to say, point me in the direction of the smell.

And now sometimes nine times at the 10, they point at me.

Oh, so that to me, I'm always like, no, because of the fart because of the fart because I did just fart.

So then I say, no, north, south, east, west, that way they can't just be like right here.

Kind of, you know.

So I float to the bathroom like pepilipu, of course, that's seven steps.

Uh, sepsis, except seven.

When I get to the bathroom, I do a deep, so it's covered in shit.

Right.

It's always, it's always covered in shit.

I call it a problem with Lizzie Bathroom's covered in shit.

So I walk in there and of course.

Why do these steps are exactly the same?

They are, they are.

I like that we're going over there.

It's as if I looked up the steps of the CVB when he made minor tweaks.

Minor tweaks.

But anyways, this is a big tweak.

I get to the bathroom and I do my breath work where I do deep inhaled meditation.

Oh, so you're not disassociating?

No, Scott.

Well, we're going to get the disassociating.

Oh, sure.

But I'm just getting comfortable with the smells.

My smell, the smell of the shit.

And I take smell out of the equation by sniffing as hard as I can every inch of the bathroom.

The fifth sense.

Smelling.

That's what I was going to say.

This could be the fifth sense.

This sounds like the B-plot to the fifth sense.

It sounds like that we should be going to talk to my man night about a B-plot to the sixes.

So of course, B-stories in movies.

Sometimes.

I remember the movie, I remember the movie Rough Night had a really funny B-story where it was just like, it was our friend Paul Downs just in a car.

They cut into him in a car.

I was like, this is a B-story.

But I mean, yeah, that's interesting because movies have ensembles and they sometimes have like, you know, they follow a bunch of different stories.

Yes, as a cold opening.

Yes, I think.

But a B-story, when you talk about it in terms of a sitcom, it's like, it's a time filler story because you can't spend as much time on the main story.

Yeah, you can't afford to keep Scarlett Johansson in like sort of a full 90 minute movie.

So you just, 30 minutes of Paul Downs in a car.

I'll tell you what, the movie is fucking funny, but I do think it's good that it has a B-story.

Anyways, they were on here to talk about it.

So anyways, hacks, a bunch of any names.

Anyways, step eight of course, disassociate.

I'm now, I have to start cleaning with a camera.

Step eight, right?

And that's how you remember it is disassociate.

So I thought, here's the thing, I was going to have less steps, Scott, but I was like, how am I going to remember the disassociate thing if you don't get to it?

That's true.

Okay.

So at this point we've repeated a lot of steps.

Now we can pick up a mountain.

Now we're back on rail.

Nine, ten, eleven.

So at nine, I hit my head on the sink, of course.

Ten, I wake up and hope it's clean.

And then of course, number eleven, say it with me the crowd.

If not, we burn the house to the ground.

And of course my step, so I still have my eleven step process, Scott, but I'm just feeling a lot more confident these days.

I like how you'd barely changed any of that, repeated it slower than the original time.

And you know what, Scott?

Here's the thing.

I can do what I want to do.

Yeah, I'm not your dad.

In leaving color.

Yes.

Yes, Scott.

That's true.

That is all worth it for that.

It's all worth it for the living color.

Well, I'm glad your mental is your mental health better.

I guess it's interesting.

Pretty fucked up, Scott.

I got to say, even in the last few minutes, I've been sort of slipping into an English accent.

I didn't notice it right there.

You're right.

So sometimes my mental health is a little fucked up, but right now I'm sort of maintaining.

I got off of that hard, hard New York.

So hard.

And I say, hold on.

Wait.

The problem is the New York accent has no hard Rs.

So it's like, ah, it's like, hey, ha, no, hold on, hold on.

You should have switched to Scottish and Chicago.

Here we go.

Mike Ruby.

All right.

There you go.

Well, speaking of Mike Ruby, Mike Ruby, we need to take a break.

We come back.

We'll have more Mike Ruby, more HJ.

What a packed show we have an ambassador next.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Yeah.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back here.

We have HJ Osmond.

How's the HJ sitting with you?

It's sitting great.

It always does.

It does.

Yeah.

I'm liking it.

HJ's always feel good.

Wait, that's confusing.

We got to be out of hold on.

We also have Mike Ruby, the nose.

No, the regular stank plumber.

I'm sorry.

Yeah.

Okay.

The regular stank plumber.

Yeah.

Why do I do that?

Why would I do that?

Well, speaking of pressure, there's no pressure on our next guest, but pressure for me to get to him.

Oh, yeah.

If that's okay.

So everyone all set to talk to a new person.

I need a verbal ascent from all of you.

Scott, I could sense.

What did you call me, Si?

Si.

Silester.

Mike Ruby, you okay to get to our next guest?

I'm absolutely okay with it.

Okay.

Wonderful.

He is an ambassador.

We mentioned that earlier in the show, and I know nothing else about him, but his name is J.P.

Hey, Scott, thanks for having me on the show, man.

No problem.

J.P.

Another initial guy.

That's right.

What's that stand for?

Is that job?

It stands for job person.

Yeah.

Job person.

Foster.

Yeah.

My parents wanted to make sure that I was like a productive member of society.

It's a job person.

Yeah.

Um, J.P.

Foster.

So great to me.

This is Haley J.L.

Osmond.

I don't know.

H.J.

I have, yeah.

Yeah.

Life is like a box of chocolate.

He's seen it.

I don't want to be, you know, one of those people, but you're my second favorite character who fucks in that movie.

Lieutenant Dan being the first.

Everyone loves Lieutenant Dan.

Yeah.

Well, I actually for me, my number one is Richard Nixon.

Oh, hey, you know, we are.

We are.

Footage.

He made.

He's got kids.

Thank you very much.

Tricky Dick, but nothing.

That's true.

He went to China.

Yeah, he sure did.

One of our, one of our best people who ever went to China.

Tricky Dick.

You know what?

And he was an ambassador to China.

And I happen to be here today because I am the official party ambassador for summer 21.

I'm here from the HTC of California.

They sent me down here and make sure that everybody has got all their party supplies that are ready to play.

The HTC of California.

HTC, what's the HTC of California?

The honeydew council of California.

And I'm here to make sure everybody's got there.

You know, sun's out, hun's out.

Get your honeydew's and bring them to your friends.

Alsene, eat them, you know, and that's what a party is.

You were hired by the honeydew council of Southern California or just California.

I mean, I know my name is job person, but I don't like to think they hired me like.

Oh, thank you.

This is my passion.

You know, yeah.

Hey, hey, do melons.

What color are those again?

They're greenish.

They're greenish melons.

If you get them on a good day.

Oh, yeah.

They're always green to white on that spectrum.

Wow.

Okay.

And you like these?

Do I like them?

Mike, AJ.

You're looking at Mike like this guy's crazy.

I like it.

I've never been looked at like more like this guy's out of his mind.

Your eyes almost rolled off your head.

Hey, you know, some people don't like to play.

This party as much as me.

But if we're having a good time, honeydew melon is involved and I'm here to make sure it's involved just because that's what makes things fun and not because there's a huge surplus of honeydew melon.

Hey, do you like it to be involved purely in an eating capacity or?

No way, man.

If you're only bringing maximum melon to your melon, you're doing it wrong.

You're doing it wrong.

That's how we all talk about eating honeydew melon.

We do all the time.

Oh, meaning you're bringing it to your head.

You and you alone or with your family or with your friends.

Those are the three acceptable dreams.

Strangers?

Oh, and look, I was going to get into this later.

You should not accept honeydew melon for a straight.

What about on Halloween?

On Halloween, it's okay.

But it should be from a house in your neighborhood that you know.

And not from a scary white van that pulled into your neighborhood.

Got it.

Okay.

So no randos.

No randos.

No.

What about famous randos?

If you saw it like say, you're a fan of H.J. over here, you've seen him in movies and he comes up to you and says, do you want some of this honeydew melon?

One thing I've trusted.

One thing that I bring up whenever I come out to talk about, you know, part of the way.

How often is that, by the way?

But you know, like a good rule to follow is you've got to separate the art from the artist.

You know, so like somebody might play a nice character, but in real life they might be into poisoning melon.

Okay.

And vice versa.

So melons poison them.

I don't understand what you mean.

Oh, you said vice versa.

We're not talking about Judge Reinhold, are we?

Yeah.

Now I get it.

You're talking about melons, like a sentient melon poisoning a person.

That ever happened in your advisory capacity there with you?

Sure.

Of course.

Hey, man, if it involves a honeydew melon and partying and the months, you know, the time period starting with Memorial Day going to Labor Day, I've seen it.

JP is the thing.

I'm in what you're saying.

And it's like, I'm not seeing the connection between the honeydew and the partying pot.

Like I like eating honeydew sometimes.

Sure.

But then partying like what am I?

Is it a melon party?

You know, I was at a party the other day and there was some sweet pineapple there and it was like a nice refreshing treat.

Yeah.

But I mean, I wouldn't make it a pint.

It's not a pineapple party.

That's like a thing.

No.

But levels in pineapple are off the charts.

Man, that's going to bring down any place.

So you don't shit about other fruits too.

It's bad.

So yeah, are you on a council that is anti other fruits?

No, man, I'm just here to talk about the positive things of honeydew to some of the negative attributes of other fruits come up.

That's going to happen.

But honeydew is just the classic, you know, you just walk into a party.

You got a couple of honeydews under your arm.

You're just the full ones.

Oh, you got a I'm not showing up to a party with a sliced honeydew.

I'm showing up to a party with a sliced honeydew.

Why not?

That seems pretty chill because no man, I wouldn't make it.

No one really is.

I mean, but you got to ask the homeowner for like a sharp knife suddenly.

Well, it's more than just eating the fruit.

It's the preparing of a presentation.

You're not having a party unless if you're, you know, you got to be balling with your friends and ball the melon out of the melon or cubid.

I think that guy who played Forrest Gump, the aforementioned Tom Hanks in the bosom buddies theme during the theme song, he had two honeydew melons and he was like juggling them around like they were his boobs.

Is that is that an accurate assessment?

I think I'm just remembering those credits.

I think you're thinking of Tom Hanks juggling oranges or it might have been Peter Scullar because he jumped it.

Tom Hanks catching them in a bag because Peter Scullar, you could tell it some sort of classic magic train.

Yeah, he was like a man.

He was more of a vaudvillian sort of guy.

Yeah.

Meanwhile, Tom Hanks was like a funny actor who was like sort of sarcastic.

How many takes do you think it took them to get that shot at the end where they miraculously catch the baseball in the hat?

It's one of the two of them catches a baseball in a hat and it's pretty impressive.

I mean, I was doing that at the home of the other day.

How would they be role were they filming for that?

That's true.

Tom, would you like to hear more of my ideas about how to include?

Do you like Tom Hanks though?

He's one of the guys who could win an Oscar for Deadpool.

Is that accurate?

Yeah.

Like if anyone could do it, he could do it.

The Academy loves, you know, it's keeping it in the fan.

He's an Oscar for him.

Yeah, he's David S. Pumpkins, so it's not that far off.

You know what I mean?

And it would be kind of the most risky thing he could do right now.

It'd have to be like old man Deadpool, you know?

Yeah.

Logan.

And then maybe mix it with like that thing you do where he's managing a band.

Sure, why not?

But it's in the future, obviously.

So we'd have to like figure out what bands in the future would sound like.

Yeah, that would be freaking cool.

It'd be something like baronine or no, no, no, no.

You know what?

I'm starting to have a party of it.

We don't even need melon.

Wait a minute.

Record scratch.

And here comes Deadpool and he's like, now we're going to get this party going.

What do you guys do with no melon did here?

Okay.

I'm seeing it.

I get it now.

Do you provide the record scratches or do you like go into the homeowners record collection and like in their turntables and I personally like to have it be an authentic record scratch.

Right.

But I don't want to damage someone else's, you know, stuff.

Yeah, yeah, their needles are expensive now.

Mm hmm.

Yeah.

So I go to the artists first and I make sure they're okay with me damaging the artists of the record.

Sure.

Wait, so like like we're now going to Koolio to see if you can do.

That's right.

Paradise.

I just did this with, do you remember the song, Life is a Highway by Tom Cochran?

Of course.

Hey, Mike, back me up.

You remember your song?

My eyes are rolling off my head.

I was riding all night long.

Well, he's friends with my uncle.

So I asked him if I could, you know, scratch his record up what I show up to a party.

He was like, as long as you buy a bunch of copies on cost then.

Wow.

So a lot of your job is clearing music to make it scratch.

It's more than you think, man.

But again, it's not a job for me.

That's just, I'm just partying all day long.

When I'm getting on the phone with these people, you know, I'm pouring over liner notes, you know, Tom Cochran, I have a personal connection to a lot of these artists.

You gotta go down the list of producers.

Yeah.

That's tough.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Let's get to these things that you wanted to get to.

Yeah.

Well, they're going to seem underwhelmed.

Because right now I can see this.

Right now Scott, you can't see this, but underneath the table, he's squeezing a melon and so it's like, oh my God, let me get underneath it.

I can see his frustrated in a way like he wants.

He wants to talk about melon.

He doesn't want to talk about Tom Anks' dead bull.

He's not going to be able to get it out.

It's materializing.

He gets a very scary arm squeeze.

It's just because it's more of a needing melon.

I get it.

It's, you know, it's like there's more that you can do with how you do melon.

Okay.

So tell us about it.

Tell us.

Like what about you guys would probably had to do times two, right?

What?

Now what?

Two times two.

Do what?

What?

All right.

So cool.

You get to the party, you get a glass, you fill it to the top with ice cubes, then you pour in Mountain Dew, you drink all the Mountain Dew, and then when you're done, you jump through every single ice cube.

And that's fun.

But your teeth hurt so bad by the end, right?

But with...

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

I don't know that this is relatable.

Oh, I was kind of guessing relating, but now that I think about it, no, none of those details are breaking up.

You've never done that?

No, no, no, no, no.

You said it so confidently.

You've never done that?

I've never done that.

Wow.

Okay.

I guess you guys got to get to partying school, man, and relearn how to do it.

But you have...

This maybe is just you, but you have a different technique now with the melons.

Cube some HDs.

Oh.

Put them in the freezer, and you use those instead of ice cubes, and then you...

But you still fill them up.

Fill them up.

And then you fill it with Honey Dew, and you drink all the Mountain Dew around it, and then you eat them all, and it hurts your teeth a little bit less.

This is not a bad idea.

That seems pretty pleasant to me.

Actually, this is making me sound like that.

Yeah, I'm kind of like, ooh, a little...

Maybe not necessarily for the melon, because I usually...

You're not hungry, because you look at fun, right?

I usually throw out that in a fruit salad.

I throw out the Honey Dew.

Yeah.

No, you don't, first of all.

Come on.

It's kind of one of those things where you get a fruit salad, and you're like, it's 90% honey do.

They're really throwing it away.

Yeah, you barely can call this a fruit salad.

No way.

It's the dessert that shows up in sushi restaurants.

I call them cardi cups.

I call them airport.

H.J.

Meals, sometimes the dessert will be honey do.

Yeah, it's always interesting.

It's disappointing.

Oh, no, that's the start of the party.

I feel like going back and throttling the chef.

Oh, man, how dare you?

That's the day that I do.

You guys, I would calm down, because right now this guy's head.

I feel like he's like, hulking out over here.

One arm is getting bigger than the other.

He has like, thrust three fingers into that melon.

No, I'm not.

I'm keeping it cool.

This is not a reputation that we're working overtime to combat against.

Well, let me say this, JV.

I like the idea of the fun, Icedo.

But again, that just feels like a little bit of a, you know, to be honest, the mountain do is more of a party than the mountain.

Yeah, I would say we do it with blueberries.

Yeah, yeah.

Blueberries and grapes.

Even that'd be fun.

Well, when you party with your friends, you like to have fun, right?

Yeah, that's safe to say.

They're like, I'm looking at it.

I'm not a fan.

It's not a fan.

It's a way to be back in studio.

You get to look at people.

You do.

This time you're hanging out with one of your buds.

Just one?

Got it or more.

Or multiple family members or strangers.

Does it have to be prime numbers or is it?

Any number.

Any number, okay.

Yeah, I mean, I guess.

Yeah.

So not just one, three, five, seven.

I would say at least two.

Okay.

You know what?

This you could do with one.

Okay.

This you could do with one.

And if you're hanging out with just one friend, you're like, this is not that much of a party.

You do this.

It's gonna be a part.

What do we got?

It's like you're proud of the thing that you said before.

No, it's called, oh no, dude didn't.

And that's where you go to your friend's house.

They have to already have a honeydew in this situation.

Okay.

And you wait until they're distracted.

This is fun.

We've all done this before.

And you get the honeydew and as quickly as you can when they're gone, you eat it.

You cut it in half.

You eat it.

All of it.

Oh, you cut it in half first and then okay.

Eat all the meat.

Eat all the meat outside of the inside.

Okay.

Then you get some doo-glue, which we do sell from the HGC of Calibri.

Wait, doo-glue?

Doo-glue?

Not Mountain Dew.

It is a special honeydew.

It's a good honeydew.

Yeah, why did you bring a Mountain Dew?

Because now anytime you bring up doo, I'm assuming it's Mountain Dew.

I give out doo.

It is a little confusing and it is not, you know, it's just like, it's just Mountain Dew is already such a party thing.

Okay, but doo-glue you sell and it's made out of honeydew?

It's made out of a special edible polymer that works really well on fruit flesh.

Okay.

And then you glue the thing together.

You take the two empty hemispheres of the honeydew and you glue them back together and so that the- Do you have to put something inside to make it weigh the same?

Like maybe a five pound weight or something like that?

Absolutely.

Or three pound weight, something like that.

Anything that you, what you're going to have to do is sort of a cross section of like 50 cent pieces or something?

You know, it's going to be different for every honeydew because every- No way.

They're like snowflakes.

So you got to just like sort of pick it up and figure that out.

Is that part of the pre-planning?

Like in Indiana Jones like this way is this, this way is this.

No.

Man, partying is about just being spontaneous.

By the way, H.J., you in that new Indiana Jones movie, you taking over for Shaya?

You'll see, Scott.

Oh, I bet no.

I don't kiss and don't.

So then your friend comes back.

And where's he been this whole time that has allowed you all the time to eat this melon and glue it?

Yeah, it sounded to me like you snuck it in the middle of the night and not doing this while your friend is sort of sleeping and then you wait for him to wake up.

You wait till your friend is on a long business phone call where he warns you that you're going to need at least, I'd say, 15 minutes or so.

Yeah, I would take a little longer than that to eat all that melon.

16 minutes, yeah.

Wait till he's having like a 60 minute phone call.

And then he comes back and he sees what he assumes is an intact, untouched honeydew.

And his mouth starts salivating, I bet.

He goes to eat it.

And then you say, I don't know.

You're pointing at me like you say, I have no idea.

You say, no, he says.

Okay, okay, okay.

He'll wait a minute.

Yeah, he says.

He opens it.

Wait, he's got to open it.

Let's get the steps here.

He's not like an 11 step process.

Oh, yeah.

So down.

However, he's going to eat it.

But when he figures out there's no more melon meat in there, he's like, Oh, no, dude, didn't.

And then you go, what?

Oh, okay.

He's got to say it.

Okay.

I'll say I like the journey to be honest, but oh, oh no, you didn't.

Oh, no, dude didn't.

Oh, no, dude.

No, you don't.

And not and in parentheses, not Mountain Dew, honeydew.

You know, JP is the thing.

I recently made a discovery when listening to myself on the podcast.

Yeah.

I was able to do some self reflection and I don't want you to go home and feel like you left anything unsaid where you came on here and was sort of being a little weird because because I got to say, like you're the first guest since Mike Ruby over here that I've been like, this guy.

Something's off about this.

And here's the thing.

I have a guess.

JP, did you fuck a melon?

A honeydew.

And then in trying to defend it to all your friends, come up with a honeydew council and then you go out convincing people, honeydew is cool.

So that ultimately when it's revealed that you are fucking honeydew all the time.

Now I've noticed you've thrust your three fingers into the honeydew like a bowling ball.

Yeah.

It looks like something else as well.

Now I realize what you've been doing down there.

Yeah.

It's kind of freaking be out a little bit.

Well, you're half right.

Oh, no, which half?

Oh, God.

That'd be good or bad.

I have had sexual intercourse with a honeydew melon.

Well, that goes without saying.

And that is what you may love to a honeydew.

Yeah, because it's party time.

And as long as you can get a melon to consent, there's no reason why you can't party in that way.

How does that happen?

How do you get consent from a melon?

That's a great question.

Well, you got to get a sharpie mark.

You got to get a drum.

You got to get a sharpie marker, any sort of magic marker, a draw face on the melon.

And then you talk to the melon.

Oh, OK.

Maybe can you draw a little speech bubble like a cartoon saying, yes, do whatever you want to.

You can draw sort of an open mouth smiling that makes it seem like it's having a lot of good time.

That's not good enough for me.

Oh, it's not good enough.

Then that someone smiling does not give you consent.

Here's the way you could be sure.

You draw the face on the melon and then you go to somebody else and you say, does this melon look like you want to say?

I don't know.

Not fun.

So wait, that's not happening.

They're right.

And you're meeting other people.

See, again, this is why I'd be like, how much of your job is just convincing people?

This is normal because to me, this is pretty fun.

Is this seem abnormal?

Right now.

I feel like you're going to go over listen to this and be like, I should not accept that.

What am I doing?

I don't know.

I mean, I'm going to go home and ask all of my, you know, honey do's.

You know, you also don't have to do it like right away at that party.

You could like exchange information and then say like, hey, maybe I'll see you later on the summer and another morning.

It could be a court.

It could be something where you don't see this melon for like 10 years and then you like reconnect.

Who is the amount of wedding at a table?

That would be a squishy melon.

Yeah.

Although maybe that's what you know, I mean, I don't discriminate, you know, in terms of melons and their rightness or not.

I got to be honest, now that we're being open about fucking the melons, like, and the honey do's, it's like, I got to get it now.

I do want to buy it.

I would.

So it's the part that you made up the council.

If you come in to somebody's establishment and you just say, Hey, my name's JP fostered and I'm a guy who stands for cops to eat melon and also have relations with melons are like, get out of here.

I can't they hear you're from a council.

It gives you legitimacy.

You're right.

And technically there are 11 members of the HTC of California.

It's being 10 of my other honey do's.

Okay.

Well, look, JP, we need to take a break if that's okay.

Sit here quietly and think about what you've said.

All right.

Come back on the other side.

I want to see if there's any sort of self reflection or anything like that.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I feel pretty good still.

All right.

Come back.

We have an interesting person and oh, she works with a nonprofit.

We'll be right back with more Mike Ruby, more JP fostered, more HJ Osman.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, bam, comedy bang bang we are back.

We have a Mike Ruby, the completely stank full plumber.

I can't remember.

I smell.

Sure.

Why not?

That's why you smell bad and I smell like shit.

Right.

And we have a HJ Osman.

Of course.

Do you smell sometimes?

I smell things like a verb.

Sure.

I smell it.

I need it.

Yeah, we all smell.

Did you smell?

Yeah.

But it's not like you arrive on set smelling.

They call me the scentless apprentice.

Really?

Dude, I think that sounds like it.

I wonder why I was calling you that, but it just like slipped out.

I was rolled off the table.

I got to say that's cool.

Like if I had an intern, that'd be a really good Dave.

I got to come home.

Yeah.

You got a fine one now.

We also have JP fostered and he's the, I guess self proclaimed ambassador to the HDC.

I'm a ambassador from the HDC.

Oh, you're not doing it.

Yeah, that's right.

And have you done any thinking during the break?

I have.

Yeah.

And what have we got?

Well, you know, for me, I just got to stay true to myself.

Okay.

So no change.

Everything looks better in H.D.

You know.

Gotta respect that.

Gotta respect the guy who's true to himself.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

She's never been on the show before.

So this is exciting.

She works with a nonprofit.

We'll find out.

Have any of you guys worked with nonprofits before?

No, you probably take money for all the things you do.

Dirty capitalist.

Yeah.

But she works for a nonprofit.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Just Slaani Marilin.

Oh, la que ola mi hentem.

Oh, very nice to talk to you.

I took Spanish for three years, but I don't, I know Olaf, but I don't know exactly what you said after that.

I, or at least I didn't comprehend the meaning.

I said que ola is like, what's up?

Oh, what's up?

That's how we say like, what's up?

Oh, my ami.

Yeah.

So like I'm from Miami.

Oh, you are.

So is Mr. Worldwide?

Yes.

Mr. Three.

I know.

That's right.

Oh, you know, I know people.

You know people.

Yeah.

Do you know people?

Yes, Armando.

Cristian Perez.

Como.

That's his real name.

Really?

Where do you guys know people from?

Oh, we're like homies.

Oh, you're just home.

Where do you know?

Did you go on tour with him as a plumber?

No, no.

People.

Came to my dorm room and played a strip poker game.

Really?

Yeah.

He played it.

Was he the only one playing strip poker?

Was him and he used to have pit bull dances or something.

And they came and he played a strip poker game.

And I remember it'd be like, that guy was weird.

And now he's maybe the richest person I've ever been.

Interesting.

Okay, so this is a real story.

No.

I mean, I know pit bull too, but I don't want to like jump in.

We're just talking about a melon that you've written pit bull on.

No, I'm talking about for, you know, his New Year's Eve 2018.

I provided him with 250 of him.

You do millions.

Oh, did he want these?

He did not.

You know, but I got him there and I got out of there, you know, and that's what's important and there were photographs of him holding some melons and he looked mad.

But then we were able to sort of go in and Photoshop and make him.

He always kind of looks mad though.

He's ever at least determined.

He looks cool.

He does look cool.

He's an H.J.

You ever work with pit bull?

I've met him in Vegas.

Scott.

Do met him in, was he playing strip poker?

No, he was performing and saying a lot of inspirational things on stage while looking at him.

Should it be six degrees of pit bull?

Shouldn't what be six degrees of pit bull?

The Kevin Bacon thing.

Because we all seem to have a connection to my men, Mr.

Worldwide.

That's right.

Interesting.

Yeah.

So, uh, just Lani, you work for a nonprofit?

Yes, I have a nonprofit.

I'm trying to get drugs out of clubs in Miami.

Oh, that's so good.

Yeah.

Is that a big problem there?

I can only imagine.

Miami is a party town, obviously.

It's party, yeah.

It goes from what I can tell from the sun up till the sun down.

Yeah, there's no.

Oh, no, that's not a good party.

No, no, no, no, no.

This is during the day.

Maybe a barbecue.

And maybe the sun down to the sun up.

That's what I mean.

There's actually only one hour in Miami that you cannot serve liquor and like establishment.

What is that?

Which one?

From five to six AM.

Why is that?

Is that because people are getting on the road to go to work and they're like, we don't need drunk people going home then?

I think it's because people need a break because they go to the club, they show up like at 12 or 1 AM and then they go to the after hours like at like four, like three, but you need a little bit of a break in between.

Yeah, a melon hour.

Yeah.

Well, I don't know.

I don't know about me.

Yeah, because there's a lot of water in melon and it's really great to serve.

Yeah, it's not a bummer because it's also as much of a party accessory as alcohol.

Like accessories, the right word.

It's like really heavy to throw in a clutch though.

Yeah, you don't want to be dead man.

Yeah, these melons are really heavy.

Not all of them.

Yeah, I don't know why you said it that way.

I never heard of it.

You waggled your eyebrows up and down.

I don't know what, I don't know what.

You had a very intermediate face.

I had never heard of it as the melon hour.

I always heard five to six AM in Miami was called the cocaine hour.

That's what I hear.

Well, well, yeah.

So like that's like part of like my nonprofit.

Why I want to get rid of that.

I want to get the drugs out of the clubs and the way that I want to do that is I want to have coffee, so thrown in everybody's drinks in the clubs.

Okay, so you get the coffee and it's like, why do you need cocaine to stay up when you could just have like Cuban coffee, so you're trying to replace drugs with coffee.

Yeah.

Huh.

Yeah, I think about this drugs and coffee.

I do have similar thing.

Yeah, that's true.

I mean, they're both the uppers and I mean, depending on the drug, of course.

Let me ask you this.

Could I chop up a bunch of coffee beans on the table and then do a nice, right?

Because part of the cocaine is the ritual experience, the credit card, the mirror, dabled, you know.

Yeah.

So like, okay, part of like my whole nonprofit, there's a lot of branding in it because I'm also like the uninfluencer here.

And so like you're you're done and influenced.

Yeah, like I'm an influencer.

Yeah.

Like you could tell.

Yeah, she's an influencer.

How do you mean you're an influencer?

Oh, don't you see my my blue check is on my shirt.

But you transferred it to your.

Yeah.

And you're so like everyone, you know, okay.

It's really big.

They got us.

They got to stop calling them influencers because one died the other day.

It was like influencer.

Someone died and I was like, how mortified.

That's really weird.

That's your that's your epitaph.

You're an influencer.

It just seems stupid.

Well, I mean, okay, like I get that, but I like that's why I'm doing the nonprofit.

Oh, okay.

To balance it out.

You have another legacy.

Right.

How did you get involved in this?

I mean, well, so like the thing is, I go like to like the clubs and like the thing is like, I know what you're saying is so fun to like go into your purse, pull out the little bag and then get like the little pentop or whatever it is like a cute little like you seem to know.

Yeah.

A lot about this description of a party is what I'm talking about over here.

Like I'm on board with the two.

Yeah.

Like just get to the Melbourne party.

What?

So like the thing is what I do is I put the little coffee in the bag.

So you get to you can snort the coffee or you can drink the coffee.

You can, you know, inject the coffee.

You could do whatever you want.

Yeah.

It's like, could be fun like a coffee IV or something.

Yeah, we have some like scientists working, but like they're in the back.

They're in the efficiency behind my parents house because I haven't moved out yet, but they're like working in the labs and they've created so many different types of coffee, like drugs, but it's not a drug, you know?

Sounds like like I wrote Monster Mash working in the lab.

It was late one night.

Yeah, interesting.

Now, let me, let me tell you something just like I'm looking at you right now and I'm like, you run a nonprofit?

Because I mean, you've got on a lot of expensive clothes.

Yeah.

I did see you pull up in a stretch Corvette earlier.

Yeah, it was weird because that's not a car that usually you stretch.

You know what I mean?

It's like you had to.

It's a compact sports car.

You bought a little small one and were like, stretch this bad boy out for me.

I mean, people help me stretch the lid.

Like he, he's the one that.

He's the world.

What?

He's got car guys.

Yeah.

Here's what I was suspecting.

Are you exchanging people's coffee for drugs and then selling those drugs for a profit?

Oh my groovy.

Hey, I'm trying to get down to business.

How dare you impugn one of my guests that way?

I mean, it was bad enough when you, when you accused JP of fucking melons and okay, that turned out to be not only true once, but he seems to do it on the regular.

Yeah, and I don't even know why it has to be like a negative thing.

Okay.

But to accuse just lying here.

Well, I'm just, I have a new man and I apologize on his behalf.

I mean, this is obviously true.

But this isn't true.

I mean, to be fair, like sometimes we do this like recycle program.

So like I take care of it.

Like don't worry.

Like I do not.

Well, let's say take care of it.

What are you talking about?

Well, you throw it into a.

If you sign up to my newsletter, then you'll know like we give everybody the.

Why don't you just tell us because you're on the show right now.

I don't want to like it.

I don't want to have to say like I'm here talking to you.

Okay, fine.

Tell me verbally, but you'll sign up for the new.

I will sign up for the new.

I know that always like newsletter newsletter shut up.

It's like so weird.

Have you spent a lot of time in Miami big Miami guy?

Yeah, that's not bad.

I mean, you're like you got this New York exit.

Nope, you know, I'm a big.

Well, you know, by way of Britain, by way of Britain, of course big Miami guy.

So I'm really to a lot of what you're saying.

Yeah, so like the way that we recycle it is different ways.

Sometimes I keep it like an up person, my nonprofit.

You just winked at me.

I know.

You when you said purse, sometimes they keep it in a way purse.

I know.

I can't say it over the radio, but I don't even know if you wanted to.

Because you're.

Yeah, it seems like you want us to keep quiet and you keep saying you're mapping the words keep quiet.

Yeah, yeah.

And you're waving your arms like doing and you're like slitting your throat.

Yeah, it's like trust me, you don't want to know that's like I'm going to tell you so you know, but I don't want to know because once you know, once you know, that's it.

That's it.

Are we in at that point?

Oh, yeah, like kind of.

But like once you're in, you're in and it's like, that's the way to get in.

I mean, I don't know if you I mean, look, I need to change my life.

Yeah, it's still the pandemic.

I need a little excitement.

Yeah.

So okay.

Yeah, what do you.

Okay.

So yeah, so like sometimes I leave it in a purse in my nonprofit.

Did you winked at me?

Sorry.

My eyeballs are really big.

So sometimes they just wink.

You have the biggest eyeballs, by the way, they're so big.

It's like E.T.

Or something.

You can see the moisture drying out between each blink.

It's like incredible.

And by the way, your neck is really long like E.T. too.

And your finger.

Yeah.

Just one of them.

Yeah.

It's like you're a daily T here or something.

Yes.

And let me tell you, after you 17 contacts on these eyeballs.

Wow.

I forget my vision.

To cover the entire thing.

Yeah.

It's a it's a hard life.

I got to wake up really early to look like this.

That's some classic Miami shit right there.

Yeah.

So yeah, we just sometimes I put it in a band and then like whenever someone needs it, I just get it for them.

But that's not the point.

That's no, that shouldn't be the point.

But you're getting it out of the hands and into the hands of maybe the people.

Other hands.

Yeah.

The means justifies the end.

Exactly.

Yeah.

It's like I'm like Robin Hood.

Yeah.

It's so.

Robin Hood for drugs and coffee.

Yeah.

And so the coffee is also like it's like you can even get it thrown in your face if you just got like that feeling like we do like different services and they're all like we have like these like how many times are you throwing into people's face?

Like what on the average like what percent?

Me now.

I'm not going to let you.

It's a good 60 percent.

60, 60 out of 10 times you're throwing like the grounds or the beans or a bag of beans.

It's usually the grounds.

I don't know why but all the people in the club they're like hit me and I like cafe and to car all it's just like that.

Just right right in their face.

Yeah.

Do they sneeze or are they.

No, they don't sneeze like they try to like kind of like freeze and like get in their mouth.

Like Mr.

Freeze.

Yeah.

And so what is also kind of Mr. Freeze is by the way.

It sounds like an ice cream.

You know what?

You know, pretty good.

I think that's a fair though.

Those I mean if you were giving Mr. Freeze notes that would be probably the first one.

Be more like an ice cream because that's what you sound like.

Oh, he sounds cold.

Well, he is cold.

Yeah, that's his whole thing.

Yeah.

Would it surprise you knowing nothing about Mr. Freeze that he has a gun that he can shoot ice out of.

No, it makes sense.

Yeah, it does make sense.

It really does make sense.

Let me tell you like gun in Miami, that's not going to is melted.

No, it just turns it to steam immediately in a minute.

But yeah.

What if you had a cocaine gun?

Mr. Freeze, Mr. Ice, you know what I mean?

That's an idea.

That's where you could win the Oscar.

Yeah.

Because like.

But I don't I don't do I don't do.

You don't do.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

No, no, no, no.

Non-profit.

When you say non-profit though?

Yeah.

I do Mike Ruby's MR.

I want to call you MR.

From MR.

Like it was talking to HA, MR.

When you're getting back to MR's point, you seem very well off.

Like are you are you selling any of the drugs that you take?

I mean, like it depends what you mean by selling.

You're again, you're I can't tell the whole drinking thing.

Like you're I don't know whether you mean to do it is just or 16 of your your contacts are a little dry.

Yeah, the way I was like your finger is glowing.

I don't know.

Like do you need to go home?

It is a plane.

No, I just had my period.

That's not how I was.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Okay.

You were checking for that.

Make sense.

I thought read I have I don't mean to bring that.

Of all the things that makes sense.

So, okay, so the nonprofit the way that it's a nonprofit is whatever money that I get from the coffee, it goes into the nonprofit.

Right.

So, I have more coffee and then I handle the money that I need to do with the cocaine.

Okay, so let me see if I can get this right.

Yeah, people pay you to take their drugs and blow coffee in your face.

Yes.

And you take that to buy coffee.

Yeah, I need more coffee to blow on their face.

And then it's like I have to pay the girls that do it because like I have bottle service girls that do it.

Oh, really?

What are they wearing?

Um, so it's like coffee bean bikini.

So, like coffee bean bikini.

Yeah, and it's like it's attached.

It's all also like it's attached to what it's like they're all little beans attached to each other.

Oh, do we do do each other?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You don't like the little like the necklaces that we used to wear.

I happen to like, yeah, we're like a do Keeney.

No, we don't.

What is that?

First of all, are you talking Mountain Dew again?

I'm talking D.E.W.

Does that help clear enough?

No, no, no.

Well, I'm talking about the honeydew.

Okay.

Were you trying out the ride?

Yeah, you have a nice, it's like from South Pacific, what the sailors wore with a dress up in the Grusker.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

I feel like you guys both are producers of unorthodox parties and maybe you should go to business together.

Yeah, this is the thing I didn't want to say, but these three guests that I've had and even H.J. a little bit here, I mean, if you can tie it into the to the Grady Mr. Freeze movie, all of you guys kind of have come on and said some weird things.

That's not what happens on this show.

No, no, no.

Straight for what show?

Miami, everybody thinks it's like super normal.

Right.

Yeah, and for me, everywhere in the world, what I do is normal.

Okay.

But yeah, what if you guys, the three of you went into business together?

Yeah.

You know, I mean, because like you get it coming in, you get it going out.

You're definitely going to need someone on bathroom duty.

If you throw it, coffee beans, I mean, I was going to say that's the one, like kind of problem that we've been like trying to figure out everybody.

Everyone gets the shit.

Has to do, got got the whole night.

But that's the same thing with cocaine from one of you.

I am from what I hear.

Again, I don't know.

I don't know.

Stop winking.

So here's what I say.

We get a nightclub on South Beach.

Okay.

And as they walk in, we're handing them bald pieces of melon, right?

Okay.

What do you mean by, oh, ball.

Oh, you were thinking you were going to shame on it.

Well, there isn't hair on it already.

So I was just going to go ahead.

It has a little bit of a fuzz though.

It's not.

No, she's squeezing.

Okay.

Now I'm worried that you are only in the underage.

Okay.

That's okay.

So we'll figure out a ethical way to be handing out bald melon.

If they walk in, then later when it starts to become about 530 in the morning and the people start to walk to cocaine, you start marching through like the candy man, but with coffee and you're taking people's cocaine and then you're throwing coffee in their face.

But you have the girls with the people.

Yeah, the girls do it.

It's like they have the beep beep beep.

Right, right.

They light up some sparkless and stuff and then around 7 a.m.

Yeah.

I go into the bathroom.

Okay.

And I, this is so sweet.

And by the way, it is a nightmare.

It's a nightmare.

And I just associate like it's nobody's business.

And hopefully that is our business.

Yeah.

Hopefully when you wake up, hopefully it's taken care of.

Hopefully because otherwise I'm murdered this thing to the ground and then we start over.

But it feels like our businesses are like sort of in your eye.

You're right.

Everyone here.

I mean, this is seren.

See me.

And then HJ, maybe you get involved in this.

I'd love to be a sponsor.

Maybe you're doing lines from Forrest Gump.

But the party.

Exactly.

People want to see you.

Yeah.

I can do the commercial.

Yeah.

In your radio commercial, I can do a live show.

You don't have to do just the lines you did by the way.

No, anybody in this line.

I can do Nixon's lines.

J.K.

Is lines.

I'm ill.

It's here.

I'm not a crook.

Yeah.

I'm not a crook.

That's me.

That's freaking great.

Better than he did it.

Better than Mike.

Because I meant it.

I'm not a crook.

Say socket to me.

Sock it to me.

Yes.

See?

What's going on?

I mean, does it have to be a nonprofit?

Because I mean, these guys need money to survive.

I would love a stretch Corvette.

I mean, like the thing is, it's a nonprofit.

Like, yeah, it's a nonprofit.

Is that going to be a sticking point for you guys?

Yeah, that might be a sticking point for you guys.

It's going to be stat.

It's going to be stayed.

I don't want to say sticking point around you, by the way.

Because it's an invitation.

As long as you like give money to someone else, I won't point.

It's a nonprofit.

That's what a nonprofit is.

Wait a minute.

We are taking the profit.

We get the profit from the profit.

You're just talking about, how much do you give away?

Like what percent?

Oh, you know, like 10.

Oh, yeah.

You know what?

I think the security and exchange commission is going to have something to say about this 10% nonprofit thing.

But hey, if you're in Miami, it's lawless down there.

Let's just do it.

I mean, anything goes down there.

Yeah, I know the commission's people because who also?

They're in the club.

Mr. Pippel.

Mr. Worldwide.

You have an in there.

You can open any door.

Any door.

They came to the key to Miami once I saw and you can just go anywhere.

Mm-hmm.

The mayor.

I was there.

Yeah.

You were there really?

What were you doing?

Oh, I was just hanging out because I wanted to get him some coffee later.

Okay.

Interesting.

You were Pippel's right hand coffee guy for a few months.

That's how I started.

That's how you started.

Wow.

I think the four of you have it.

What would we call the business?

I mean, because we got to incorporate everyone's thing.

You know, so HJ, what like primarily what do people know you from?

From the HJ.

Okay, so we got to have some HJ in there.

Yeah, okay.

Okay.

HJMR, HBD, HJMR, JP.

All right, so I wrote all those letters down.

Right.

And if you mix them up, what do you guys think of Microsoft?

I don't know.

I think that's not bad.

We got to see people.

It's not.

I mean, it's a good sound.

It's disgusting.

First thought, best thought though.

I mean, I think it's not bad.

Yeah, I like it.

All right, guys.

Well, we're running at a time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Excuse me, waiter.

These plugs are cold.

I don't usually complain, but this is quite bold of you to give me plugs.

Like these ones.

I hope that this means I get a full refund.

My plugs taste bad.

They taste really bad.

They taste how it feels to feel really sad.

They make me want to vomit.

They make me want to divorce.

Oh, okay.

That was my plugs are cold.

That was by Alex Beacon.

Thank you so much, Alex Beacon.

Send your plugs submissions wherever they go.

I have no idea.

All right, what are we plugging?

Mike Ruby, the continual stank plumber.

I can't remember exactly what I'm supposed to put.

You can call me MR.

And of course, if we're doing plugs, I'll just read one more ad.

So I was heading for the July party.

And of course, I went into my bathroom rooms, covered in shit.

And they called these other guys.

They gave me the run around about not knowing how to do the job.

And maybe they might smell.

But then they called Mike Ruby.

Hi, I'm Mike Ruby.

I recently got into business with a cocaine dealer and a melon guy.

Also, HJ from the 6th.

You know, I'm not a crook.

I am.

If you want your bathroom, this is maybe birth to the ground or cleat.

Call Mike Ruby hashtag ed hashtag CBB.

Wonderful.

Okay.

That's it.

That's absolutely it.

And there's nothing else.

It is.

All right.

Great.

JP, what are we plugging?

Well, of course, I'm plugging everybody to take pictures of yourself handling or eating honeydew melon all summer.

The challenge you brought you.

Hashtag, suns out, huns out.

Huns out, suns out, huns out.

Yeah.

For a chance to eat a full honeydew melon with a little leethed on chick of the Dallas Mavericks.

Okay.

That's pretty cool.

Okay.

That's really cool.

All right.

Do you know him or what?

I'm hoping he's on board.

Okay.

Maybe he's listening.

He's going to get half a melon out of it.

All right.

Justlani, what do you want to plug here?

So like, I just want to plug like if there's any promoters like in Miami, then Ira like a girl to like come and take away the drugs from their club.

Like, hit me up.

So you're looking for work and now?

Yeah, I'm always looking for work.

I'm a hard worker.

And like, if you want like me to also, if we also do like private parties, so like also you can hit me up, you'll know how to find me because I always have the big verify check on my shirt.

Yeah.

That's really big, by the way.

That's so big.

Do you have one on your neck which is stretched out even further?

Yeah.

I swear to God, she's an ET.

She might be an ET.

She's from the ET planet.

Influencer.

Okay.

That's what they call it on ET planet.

Yeah.

Do you have any podcasts you listen to that you want to?

Oh, yes.

Oh my God.

My favorite, favorite podcast is Spanish.

I keep presents.

Oh, okay.

And where do people get that?

Oh, they can listen to it wherever they listen to their podcast.

Verre d'Otambien.

You can follow them on Instagram.

Okay.

Wonderful.

And HJ, baby, what do you got?

Plug it up here.

That's our old days Oscars is coming up.

Got some people.

You go into that ceremony for 12th day.

And I'll be going representing Deadpool versus Freeze.

Yes.

Versus Pitbull.

Yes.

Honeydew melons on an island.

I'll be involved somehow.

Versus Nixon.

Taking over the world versus Nixon.

I'll be playing the role of Richard Nixon.

Wherever wins we lose.

En route to China as ambassador.

Oh, wonderful.

And a committee method on Netflix and Goliath on Amazon Prime.

Okay.

And I want to plug my other podcast, Freedom, which comes out on Thursdays.

That's with Lauren Lapkis and Paul F.

Tompkins and of course, Lauren's topics.

A big feature on that show.

And she had a great one recently.

You can all check that out.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Yeah.

Okay.

Plug this.

Okay.

Plug this.

Okay.

Plug this.

Okay.

Plug this.

Okay.

Plug this.

Okay.

When you see something else in there, the robot thinks are too clear.

And you find that you're getting a little eye mistaking crying and you know what to do.

Get open there and do what you do.

You got up open up the floor bag.

Open it up.

Take this.

Open up the floor bag.

Make sure it's not good.

Get this up the floor bag.

Make sure you got eye to do.
