---
layout: page
title: 716. Casey Wilson, Paul F. Tompkins, Katie Rich [823c0cb9-3bd2-4d99-bd67-ad70017efe7a].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ What do we want?

No more procrastination.

When do we want it soon?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mm-hmm.

Thank you to Cherry T. Fundraiser.

Cherry T. Fundraiser.

I wonder what the T stands for, Tiberius maybe?

Who knows?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition the last week in July.

Shout out to July who writes our descriptions.

And we have a great show for you.

Coming up a little later, we have a concerned citizen.

By the way, my name is Scott O'archerman.

I don't know if I said that.

This is your first time listening.

I am a person.

I'm a human being.

I'm, I guess, a male.

Roughly late 20s getting in my early 30s.

And I am the guy who talks to all these interesting people.

This is humanity's podcast.

We have a concerned citizen coming up.

We also have a crisis negotiator.

And we have an actor.

Boy, three really interesting guests.

That'll be a really interesting show.

I'll talk to each and every one of them.

Roughly for approximately the same amount of time.

I have a stopwatch here.

And hopefully I'll get that down to the second.

But so let's get to our first guest.

She is the aforementioned actress.

But guess what?

She is also an author now.

She finally did it.

She finally wrote the end.

I'm wearing glasses.

Yes, you are.

You're wearing eight pairs too.

All over.

Author now.

Yes.

Did you start with the end or go backwards?

Or did you?

Because that's the easiest way to do it.

Because then you feel like you accomplished something.

Yes, I went every page backwards.

Every page backwards.

It was hard.

But you can write those pages in the right order.

No, no.

You just know you have to write them backwards.

Yes.

That's what I mean.

She is an author.

She has a book out there called The Wreckage of My Presence.

She also, you know her work from Black Monday.

She also is a podcaster who has a podcaster.

I prefer a podcaster.

OK, sure.

Who has a podcast called Bitch Sesh, which can be found wherever podcasters sold.

Please welcome back to the show Casey Wilson.

Hello.

Hi, Scott.

Hi, so good to see you again.

I'm so happy to be here.

It's been a while.

It has been one while.

And you know, when this book came out, I was like, I've got to get Casey on the show.

I mean, it's such an achievement.

How many pages are we talking?

We're talking 237-ish.

It's got to be in force.

I think it's in the.

Because the way they put a book together, it's got to be divided by four.

It's visible by four.

You know, we said earlier I was an actress.

Yes, 216, maybe 232, somewhere around there.

232 cents good.

And this is a memoir.

This is a memoir.

A memoir.

And it's about your life and not someone else's.

It's all about your life, actually.

What?

We'll get you canceled.

I, OK, please no one read this thing.

Yeah.

I wonder, am I in the book at all?

Anything?

Do you say anything about it?

No, but your wife, Cool App, isn't it?

Well, she's not actually.

No, she's great.

And I'm glad you wrote about her.

But why not me?

Is my point?

God, are you in it?

No.

She's in it very early on.

Early on.

So like when you were born, she was there?

Yeah.

Cool.

Well, now actually, Scott, I don't think it'll be a stretch.

Don't actually me.

So you need to understand that Cool App and I do believe and have had several healers tell us both that we knew each other in a past life.

Wonderful.

Which life?

Were you Julie a Caesar?

Or OK, you've only had a couple?

I only had a couple.

I'm a newer.

Some housewife in the 60s.

Yep.

Thank you for weaving in housewives.

If that's what I'd like to talk about.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah, bitch sesh.

Out there wherever podcasts are sold.

Now this.

I love you to keep saying sold.

No one's buying this.

I do this for free.

What?

You're doing it for free.

What?

This book, I haven't read it yet.

It's been out there on the market for a little bit.

And it's been on one of our tables for an even longer time.

And your wife threw a book launch party for me.

Yes, she made Oreos with the book cover on the top.

Let me process this because I don't think I saw this.

She made Oreos.

That's an achievement.

Well, she ordered them.

Oh, she ordered Oreos that every single Oreo has a replication of the book cover on the top of the Oreo.

Every single one.

How could she tell which was the top of the Oreo?

Great question.

These are all great questions you'll have to ask cool up.

You know, this is pillow talk for you too.

That's a good point.

I haven't read it yet.

And you know, you did the audiobook, didn't you?

Yes, I did.

And here's what I want to know.

Whenever a friend of mine has a book that they wrote and I see that they recorded the audiobook, why wouldn't you do that?

Here's what I would like you to do if you ever read another book.

Come over to my house around 10 p.m. every night, tug me into bed and then record your, like a chapter at a time.

Do you see if it puts you to sleep?

Yeah, just to read me a story at night.

You know, for like however many chapters you have, what are their 20 chapters?

You do it over the course of 20 nights and then you have your audiobook together.

And then there it is.

Yeah.

Yeah, and you've got recording equipment.

Sure.

You seem to want me to have linked you to the book process more than I think you deserve considering you haven't read it.

You're, you know, now I'm going to be interested.

I'm going out of town with you in a couple of weeks.

And I, if I don't see you on that beach with that book, every goddamn day, you're in trouble.

That would be creepy if I were reading your book next to you.

I would love it.

You would love it?

Nothing more.

Okay, speaking of going out of town, on a previous episode, a previous deal in comedy, bang, bang.

Yeah.

Do you know the comedian Z-way?

Of course.

She was on your show, I believe.

Yes.

Many times.

She says that she wants to vacation with us.

She wants to be part of our vacation group.

Wow, that's big, Scott.

That's big.

And I told her that she would have to couple up with someone.

So do you have anyone you can throw her away?

That feels, you know, tough to say to a single gal.

You know, she's going to be a fifth wheel though, if you know which I don't mind necessarily.

Let me say this at my wedding, okay?

And I'm going to call out a couple of bold face names.

Did you write about me at your wedding?

At least.

I didn't.

No, I wrote about people that brought the right spirit and the energy.

I didn't bring the right spirit to your wedding.

I was out there on the dance floor.

You did.

I mean, again, your wife ended up bartending when the drinks didn't arrive.

Your wife is on a lot for me that you have not done.

I don't remember any of this.

At my wedding, this is what I'll say about Z-way, and you telling her to please couple up.

Okay.

At my wedding, I got a phone call from Whitney Cummings.

Okay.

Girlfriend of mine, comedian.

And.

She prefers comedian, but go ahead.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

Now this comes after I insulted her deeply and all the single women at my wedding because I had an ideal late one night, two months before my wedding, where I thought genuinely thought it would be funny, genuinely.

If kind of like, remember like those flash mobs are happening where like, as dad and daughter suddenly, we break it down.

If all the single women, including like David's aunt and like everyone got up, part, my husband's aunt.

Oh, oh, oh.

Like elders.

I thought you were saying David Zant.

I was like, who would you?

All the single ladies, including David Zant.

Don't forget about him.

If they all came out and did a choreographed dance to single ladies.

Okay.

Now I don't know that you can instruct people to do a flash mob thing as much as.

Well, I rented a dance studio at 13th dance, hired a choreographer and proceeded to start rolling calls to all the single gals.

And I happened to start with Whitney.

She tells it so funny, but she's like, it's so offensive.

It's basically like, here I am, like a single gal coming to a wedding.

And now you want me to get up and identify myself as such.

Come out and dance around everyone.

Like a dance of my like failure is what she felt.

And when I heard it put that way and I had several calls and several messages out there, I felt very upset by my actions and a lot of people were upset.

So anyway, so now we get closer to the wedding.

That's all it takes though, is just take someone saying what you said to them back to you.

Yes, I can hear it.

Yes.

Right.

I mean, I was picturing it like, bah, bah, bah, bah, bah.

And here comes my hand.

You're just singing this song now.

And a younger girl.

And they all just won by one.

And everyone's like really taken by this.

Here comes David.

Sam.

David Z.

He was the end.

Anyway, so Whitney calls me before she says, you know, I'm no longer with this boyfriend.

Could I bring a friend to the wedding, a girlfriend?

Just a friend, you know?

And I said, are you going to sleep with that friend?

If you're not, it does know.

I'm kidding.

So you know, you wanted to get into the dirty deeps.

But that's my point.

I've always wondered, like, why does it have to be if you're bringing someone that like you have to be, it's like, if you guys aren't going to duck, if there's no possibility, you're going to fuck, you can't come.

Well, maybe.

Just what you told Z-way, basically.

Maybe she felt like she would not know anyone else at the wedding all that well.

And she wanted someone to like.

You know, it was all comedians, however.

Yeah, true.

Who she brought was a bit of a shock.

Maybe you recall.

I do recall that I don't know whether.

Can you say this?

Do you talk about it in the book?

I don't, but I will say it here.

You'll say it, OK.

Now I'll say it.

So she brought Sia, a pop star.

Yes.

Now, you know, God bless, you know.

It was just a surprise.

It's a surprise.

You're out there, you're walking down the aisle.

And you see it down.

Dun, dun, dun, dun.

In a hot pink dress with a gargantuan neon green bow.

And when I mean, I mean, what was it?

It was like.

She was classic Sia.

Ten by ten.

Yes.

Bow.

Beaming.

She had a parasol.

Beaming.

She was the first face I saw.

And really, like, the only person I kind of connected with, I contact as my father, you know, my mom's past and my father's walking me tearfully down the aisle.

I'm like, there's Sia.

And, you know, it wasn't like I got a heads up.

I see you put her name on the placard on the table.

Right.

No, it truly was a surprise as you were approaching the altar.

But also, some people were like, we know this to be a famous presence.

But of course, we also don't see her face that much.

So she really gave us quite a treat.

Yeah.

I mean, she wasn't hiding it.

She was out there out and proud.

And she was out and proud.

Show in the face.

Yeah.

I liked it.

It was a surprise to us all.

That's right.

And a curious thing where there was a little bit of discussion between us all of like, why is Sia here?

Sure.

And then we got the full story.

And especially when I'm the one asking that.

Sure.

But ultimately.

It was weird when the person performing the ceremony asked, why are you here?

Why are you my brother?

She is absolutely lovely.

And she ended up meeting someone at the Ojai Valley in Inspa that later became her husband.

They are now divorced.

However, a lot happens.

Sure. But a few brief years of happiness.

That's wonderful.

Doesn't make that.

She met someone at the wedding.

Or, OK, this story gets worse and worse.

Oh my god.

So, you know.

So you're taking credit for her meeting someone that was not at your wedding.

I sort of am.

And that she got divorced.

So now I sort of am because had Whitney not brought her.

Right.

What then?

You know?

What then?

Yeah.

Am I realizing did they meet there?

Sounds like no.

Yeah.

Things are hazy.

However, that was fun and she's lovely.

And I enjoyed her presence and fun spirit at my wedding.

And you and you and your husband.

You did not stand out to me.

OK.

I don't know why you bring you back to that.

We're talking about Z-Wave at this point.

I hope Z-Wave brings Sia.

If Z-Wave were to bring Sia.

So Z-Wave and Sia.

See, I'm getting confused already.

See, way and no, Z.

See, way.

Oh, that would be like the the benefit for if they got together.

I'm, you know, who knows if they're even interested in each other.

But let's try to broker this today.

Honestly, they're both lovely and fun.

They're lovely.

They're fun.

If she were just to bring Sia as friends, that would be OK with me.

Me too.

But, you know, that all of this is to say, Scott, it seems like you kind of put the down the gauntlet for Z-Wave, which was like, you need to bring someone.

Well, do you think Z-Wave should just show up randomly at some trip we're on?

No, I'm just saying like she could bring a gal pal or, you know.

No, I want her coupled up.

OK.

Yeah, because then one of us has to like take her on.

Yeah, as like, oh, and then one of us has to take the other friend on.

It's just too much.

But by the way, there's no one's taking Z-Wave on.

She's like the funniest motherfucker that we have right now.

I'm on this mortal plane.

Mm.

No, I did not know her in a past life to my knowledge.

Do you, everyone you meet, do you get that information?

Or, Scott, you know your wife and I think we do.

But do you like when you.

OK, you need a new person.

OK, you know, why am I going to a city?

Suddenly I'm talking to you.

Well, this is what it is.

Just you go to the city.

I'm turning to the other guests who are lovingly engaged here.

They can't speak apparently, but they are giving me signs of recognition.

But if you go to a city and you think, God, this immediately, the hit is like, I've been here before.

You know, of course, I do believe you have been before.

And sometimes there are people you meet even briefly.

What are we talking about?

Person.

Pardon?

Are we talking low die?

Where are we talking?

Just anywhere.

You know, there's place.

We can't just have inhabited the great places, you know.

Well, that's that's my whole point.

And when I was in Rome fighting and the it's like, that's my whole point about about haunted houses.

Church.

Everyone's like, Oh, they're there.

This place is haunted or this place is haunted.

People have died on every square inch of this land.

Every place would be haunted if ghosts were real.

Right.

But I think others are angrier than others.

Really cool.

I don't know.

So you when you get to a town, you like you go to barstow.

You look around and go, I love it.

Have I been here?

Yeah.

Wonderful.

Casey Wilson is here.

The book is the wreckage of my presence.

And it is available everywhere.

Available everywhere.

Got the audiobook.

You got the Kindle, everything out there.

You got it all.

Yeah.

And it's a quick read or it's something you're going to want to sit down with for a couple of weeks.

I think it's comedic essays that you can pick up and put down, but it's also about grief and motherhood.

And it's I think a more substantial read, I'll say, but you can certainly pick it up and put it down or not read it and buy it.

Sure.

But as long as people buy it.

Absolutely.

Yeah, you must have books on your bookshelf that you're like, man, I'd like to read that.

God, if I could just read it.

Just read it.

Yeah.

Yeah, not going to happen.

I finally about two years ago took books that I have had since I was 18 years old, just sitting there going like, I'm going to read it.

I'm going to read it.

I finally said to myself, I'm never going to read it.

I just threw them in the trash.

I burned them first too.

Wow.

Love you to donate those.

Nope.

One of them was the Bible.

Was that surprising to you?

That I burned a Bible?

No.

Casey Wilson is here.

The wreckage of my presence is in stores now and Black Monday is a is that an ongoing concern?

It's on right now.

Yeah.

It's not a concern.

It's on a season three on.

But it meaning is it still.

It's with us where it's on right now.

It's on the OK.

People can watch the episode that just came out yesterday.

Yeah.

That's right.

And then bitch that as a bitch says she's a well bitch says she's well.

Bitch says she's hard to say we've everything.

Everything.

Yeah.

Black Monday is the easiest thing I think that you have to say.

And then the wreckage of my present, that's tough.

And then bitch sash.

Oh man.

That's that's really rough.

Casey Wilson.

Well, we have to get to our next guest.

If that's OK, we have.

Are you interested in concerned citizens?

Because that's who we have coming up next.

I am.

You are.

Are they this is like someone from next door?

I don't know.

I don't know who this is.

I have no information about them.

But.

Yeah, no, Casey is bagging away from the mic as if she doesn't want to talk.

And I'm literally talking to you right now and you are.

I'm wondering if you perhaps wanted to just go off with the concerns that is an alone or was I to pipe in?

No, please.

Casey, you're here.

I can talk to this concerned citizen.

I don't know who it is.

I need your support.

OK, great.

OK, I know you don't want me in your book.

I'm going to try to sell them my book.

You just, you know, OK, do you have copies in your trunk?

Oh, yeah.

OK.

Look, you don't get to the New York Times by solo list.

The last spot for one week with that.

Were you in the last spot?

What is that?

20 or is that 40?

What is that?

15 Scott.

OK, that's great.

15.

And what's the category like actress slash comedians who wrote books this week or.

No, it's nonfiction.

Oh, nonfiction.

OK, nonfiction.

And I was on the audible chart.

Thank you.

Really good.

That is an achievement.

That's wonderful.

You think you'll get back up there after this show?

You know, I think if you're going to get back up there, it's going to be quick.

We're not going to kind of follow on the heels, but we never know.

This could be the one I tell you if every if every, how many did you sell that first week?

Do you know?

I actually don't know.

OK, but I bet it's less than the amount of people listening right now.

So if every single person let's truly give Casey the CBB bump.

If every single listener buys this book, you'll be rocketing to number one.

I would imagine.

Let's just do it to like see if we can see if we can.

Let's do the whole game.

Stop being all of us with Casey's book.

That's right.

You know what I mean?

That's right.

There's a lot of Trump books out there right now.

They're doing really well.

You won't beat them.

So you'll be like three or four again.

15 felt right.

It felt where I belong.

There was books like cast right above me.

Like those are the books that deserve.

It's a wonderful book about race and American the history of race.

My point is my book felt right at 15, if that makes sense.

OK, good.

Well, I want to get you up there.

I'm going to get you up there from the comedy community.

I'm glad that I did not make it in the book now.

Yeah.

OK, yeah.

Casey Wilson is here.

Let's get to this concerned citizen.

I don't know anything about he or her or them.

Please welcome the concerned citizen.

Hello.

Thank you for having me on your program.

It's my pleasure.

Your concerned citizen or you are.

Yes, I'm very concerned.

Are you from around these parts?

No, sir.

I'm from Cumberland County, Florida.

And I have a concern citizen.

There's something that is guiding America right now.

The people need to go about.

Oh, OK, well, get a load off your chest here.

If is that do we still say that?

Get a load off your chest?

I don't know.

It sounds dicey to me.

I prefer you not mention chest.

Chest and loads on them.

You know, it's just I don't know.

I don't like it.

Not in today's world.

I don't like it either.

Is that what you're concerned about?

No.

OK, I'm glad.

I'm putting that one in my back pocket because I'm about later.

Well, please tell us what you're concerned about, sir.

Can I call you, sir?

Do I?

My name is Ali Capers.

You may prefer to be as Eddie Lee.

Eddie Lee Capers.

That's great.

Ringing some sort of a belfer.

But go ahead.

Where are you concerned about Eddie Lee?

I'm concerned about this motion picture coming out of Hollywood, cold, still water.

I am urging people not to see this movie.

Still water.

The movie is coming out this Friday.

Matt Damon is in this.

If you say so, sir.

You're the one who's concerned about it.

I don't keep tabs on Hollywood celebrities.

You.

This is a movie.

It's not clever.

It's not absurd about the movie.

This is the product that the celebrities made.

That's right.

So you don't keep tabs on that either.

I just keep tabs on the product.

I don't keep tabs on the people.

They.

OK, but it's coming out this Friday.

It is.

It's not a Friday.

Can we agree on that?

I don't want to disagree with that, sir.

You said if I say so.

But you know what it's coming out this Friday.

I said if you say so about Matt Damon.

OK, OK.

All right.

OK, so I'm looking it up just to get my bearings.

OK, well, what do we have?

Can you give us a still water update?

What is it about?

This is about an American oil rig roughneck who travels to France to visit his estranged daughter in prison for a murder she claims she didn't commit.

They are.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

First of all, a roughneck from America goes to Paris.

That's already like home.

And then there's a murder.

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

There's too much going on in this movie.

There's too much going on.

Goes to the line.

Don't say it.

What is your concern with this movie?

You don't want people to see it?

I feel like there's a confusion with the name.

It's going to lead people to believe it's about somebody.

It's not about still still water.

What is still?

Do they say what still water is referring to in the movie?

They just say that they're all confronted with language barriers, cultural differences, and a complicated legal system.

What language barrier is it?

French to English?

Is that OK?

Well, you got to expect that going to France.

That's right.

That's why I never go.

That's why you never go?

Can you afford going?

I prefer not to talk about that.

Kind of.

We don't want to just catch my name.

I'll pay my own mechanics.

I'll get you to Paris for a moment.

I don't understand.

I'm sorry.

You think it's misleading?

It's very misleading by the title.

It's called still water.

It's not about still water that most people will assume it's about.

What would people assume it's about?

Still water?

What do you talk about?

I can't believe I got to walk you through this.

But most people would assume it's about the vigilante superhero JW still water from coming back to Canada, Florida.

Oh, that's right.

I forgot about that guy.

He's a hero and noble man.

And I do not want his name dispersed by this Hollywood nonsense.

OK, see, JW still?

Are you looking at JW still water?

OK, yeah.

They're all right, sir.

I'm fine.

You're not sick, I hope.

No, I'm not fine.

You're not fine?

I'm fine.

I'm not sick.

I'm just talking about normal speaking voice that I always talk about.

Look up JW still water.

What kind of stuff?

Uh-oh.

OK.

I'm finding him because I, too, wasn't sure.

You didn't know who JW.

Well, it took him in it for me to even remember who it is.

I think you paid everybody those JW still water is.

OK, so JW, John Wesley, still water, AKA Eddie Lee Capers, is a character played by Paul.

Wait a minute.

Cut that part out.

OK.

Sorry.

Also cut that part out.

Wait, cut this part out?

Two parts need to be cut out.

Which one needs to be cut out?

Or one long part.

Maybe cut out to one long part.

No, I'm not cutting anything out.

You're JW still water is a vigilante from Cumberbatch County, Florida vigilante hero who has a cape, which is the Florida state.

Beautiful cape.

That's Florida state flag.

Not Florida state cape.

What if states had cape?

Florida has you to decide on a cape.

There's five flags.

They're the same thing.

No, they're not.

You may as well design capes.

That's what I'm saying.

We're agreeing.

We are.

I know.

You went high.

We like each other.

I know we do.

Well, look, he is a vigilante hero.

Sorry, who is out there searching for a hammer that was stolen, I think.

He's not just searching for a hammer.

He's also patrolling the, not, you wouldn't say streets of Cumberbatch County, but.

More of the marshes in the bog.

That's right.

Because the police, they're corrupt.

He has a fan boat.

Is that right?

He does have a fan boat.

I'm a fan boat mechanic, sir.

And your name is Eddie Lee.

Eddie Lee Capers, that's correct, sir.

As I recall, and I haven't talked to JW, still one.

Okay.

I haven't talked to JW, still water in a long time, but as I.

What are you talking to?

You're lucky.

I am lucky.

Not just for talking to him, but.

No, but for the mostly for that.

Right.

But I wish I could talk to that guy.

As I recall, he had, he, he, he had a secret identity that he kept mentioning.

You haven't opened it knows it.

He kept mentioning the name.

He'd probably try to throw you off the trail.

And what, what, what?

I think it was something like Van Halen.

La, la, la, la, la.

Like Eddie Van Halen.

La, la, la, la.

Eddie Van Halen.

La, la, la, la.

Eddie Van Halen.

La, la, la, la, la.

Wait a minute.

No, it was Eddie Lee Capers.

No, you were staking.

Eddie Lee Capers.

No.

You are JW Stillwater.

You are the week he's like, goodbye.

It's a good reference.

Thank you.

Points for that.

Wow.

Okay.

This is getting at midnight.

More and more complex.

This is Casey.

Okay.

I don't know if you know what's going on, but this guy, this guy actually is JW Stillwater.

He's defending himself.

Clear your throat, sir.

This is my natural voice.

Talk, talk in your natural voice.

Give me your throat.

What?

Let me get rid of whatever's in there.

All right.

You happy?

I am happy.

This is my regular voice.

Wow.

And are you, are you not JW Stillwater?

No, I'm Eddie Lee Capers, Fambo mechanic.

Put on that mass business next to you.

Oh, this one right here?

Sure.

All right.

And now who are you?

I'm JW Stillwater.

Look, I'm here.

I'm taking the mask off.

Okay.

I'm in my capacity as a concerned citizen.

This movie, Stillwater, it ain't about what people think it's about.

And it's going to be confusing to people.

You think enough people know who you are?

I mean, look, honestly, this show.

Who he is.

Okay.

Who he is.

This show is the main source of knowledge that people have for JW Stillwater.

But honestly, if I can stop you Scott, I hope that's a lot of people because again, if we all band together.

If we all band together.

By the way, do you want to buy a book?

I never would read a book unless it's the Bible.

I used to have one.

What happened to it?

Oh, nothing.

You don't want to know.

God did the audio book.

Who reads that?

I wish God would come down and read it to me every single night.

Oh, man, I get through it quicker.

But you, Eddie Lee capers, you are the secret identity of JW Stillwater.

I am a fan boat mechanic in Cumberbatch County, Florida.

That's right.

Right here, by the way, just tell Casey how you end up coming to.

Oh, my fan boat.

Through the Panama Canal.

I can't.

Wow.

Yeah, I got to go all the way around.

Wow.

Welcome.

And I'm tired.

Why are you so tired, sir?

It's a long trip.

I know.

How long does something like that take two weeks?

It's like it's days and days and days.

About 14.

I pack like what I do is I pack a bunch of provisions and then when the provisions run out, it's usually about the time I get here.

Oh, OK, really.

So you've been at first.

We had to reschedule this podcast.

Yeah.

So have you eaten in the past because we reschedule?

No, sir, I have not.

Oh, my God.

OK, so we reschedule.

But I have trained myself.

I know I did eat.

Yes.

You did eat?

Yes, I have not trained myself to go several days without eating.

Oh, oh, oh, that's like something a vigilante hero would do.

Not something a fan boat.

Why are you still pretending you're not JW Stillwater?

Why are you still pretending that I am?

Just put the mask on so we can talk to you as JW.

I'm not.

It's flimsy mask back on.

It's not approved.

You don't wear masks.

Are you an anti-masker mask?

I'm an anti-masker.

I'm from Florida.

It all makes sense now.

That's right.

OK, it all makes sense now.

Look, JW, we want to talk to you.

Look, my name is Lee Capers.

I'm sorry.

Eddie Lee, we want to talk to you more, but we have to take a break.

Can you stick around?

I know you're still concerned, aren't you?

Yes.

My concern has remained.

OK, well, we'll talk about that concern.

It's only wrong if anything.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll talk more with Casey Wilson and more.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Get that part out.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Casey Wilson, the wreckage of my presence.

Hopefully on the New York Times.

Take a break.

On the charts.

Three or four, that would be OK with you.

Take anything.

You know?

And hopefully we can sell one book to this gentleman over here.

Eddie Lee Capers is here, a concerned citizen.

I'm a concerned citizen.

I don't want people to see this movie because it's about, what is it about?

It's about a Hollywood guy goes to France.

It's not about a Hollywood guy.

That could not be less about a JW still.

It's like an oil rig guy.

But a Hollywood person is playing.

Although that's not the prologue of the movie where it's like five minutes of Matt Damon getting into makeup and playing this guy.

I mean, it might as well be.

Do you like Matt Damon?

Y'all ought to have all your movies.

Y'all ought to have the dinner where you talk about wanting to do the movie.

I mean, when you get to a movie theater early, like 45 minutes early, you know, because you want to save your seat, and they're showing like 45 minutes.

Well, then you used to have to.

But they show the trivia and all that kind of stuff.

Would it be better just to show like Matt Damon getting into makeup for 45 minutes?

Or saying like, I don't know.

I don't think I want to do this.

It doesn't feel like it's going the way I want it and the back of the whole.

Can we replace the director like all of that kind of stuff?

I'd rather see that.

The one move I ever saw, there was a race between Sprite and Coca-Cola and Sprite One.

You could knock me over with a feather.

You think Coca-Cola would want to ask caffeine in it?

Sure.

And was that the movie you saw?

Or you saw something after that?

I thought that was the movie.

You walked out after that?

I thought that was the movie.

Were you satisfied?

I mean, it was pretty good.

I was like, you got your mornin'.

It's Sprite One.

That was right down there, caffeine in it.

It's the Coca-Cola Seven Up.

It is Lemon Lime though.

Am I right on that?

Great.

What?

So, what did you think you were going to see?

Do you recall?

I just thought it was a movie.

Oh, it just said a movie out there on the movie?

Yeah, someone said, a friend of mine said, you want to go to the movie?

I said, sure, I'll go to the movie.

It's never been.

And we went to the movie and then we saw it and it was exciting.

Did your friend walk out to?

Sort of, and you thought, yeah.

I don't know if my friend walked out because it was dark in there.

And then I got out there.

He wasn't out there and I never saw him again.

Who was his friend?

Do you think something happened to him in the movie?

The movie paddles.

Paddles.

Hello, fan boat.

Where did you know?

He sells canoes.

Oh, he did.

Oh, oh.

Did you have the adjoining business next to yours or?

Like on boat row or something?

I don't know.

You don't know nothing about life outside of Hollywood, California, do you?

I don't know anything about Cumberbatch County, or you sure don't?

You might like this.

I actually just went to Pensacola, Florida with my family.

Oh.

Okay.

I thought you were going to like this.

Snobs.

Well, every time I get off the plane, my uncle says, welcome to America.

So I thought you might.

Well, I do like that.

Yeah.

So he's not a snobby.

Next time you talk to your uncle, tell him to go where the real America is.

Not the theme park America, but the real American go back in California.

So Eddie Lee, I'm sorry the movie's coming out, but I mean, I realize that you're boycotting it, but I am here by boycotting this movie.

Even though I do not go to the movies and I've only seen the one where Coke versus Sprite, I will not see this movie as I will not see any movie from now on.

Okay.

Well, let's make it sequel to the Coke versus Sprite movie.

Is your anger targeted at Matt Damon at all?

Well, I mean, in so much as he is a Hollywood celebrity, yes, but I don't like someone like him being in a movie called Stillwater because from what I understand, he's very popular.

People are going to go see him and they're going to assume his name is Stillwater and they're going to assume.

The characters name is.

It's got to be.

Why would you call it that?

There's never been a Matt Damon movie where I've walked out of it saying, I don't know who Matt Damon is anymore.

I just know that guy.

Okay.

See, this is how dumb you think everybody outside of Hollywood is.

You thought I thought people was going to think that Matt Damon isn't Matt Damon anymore.

Yeah, that is.

That's not what I was going to say.

That's what you said.

No, that he's going to.

That he's going to make people think he is playing this character Stillwater.

He is.

But no, that's not the real Stillwater is my point.

You're a frustrating man.

You can't copyright it.

I've only met you the one time, but you drive me crazy.

What if the Fast and Furious movies were about Coke versus Sprite?

I'd see them.

It'd be good, right?

Yeah, sure.

What are they about now?

They're about a kind of an air-sats family of street racers.

They're a family that they're not related by blood.

They're just like friends, but they consider themselves to be family.

Oh, just like you and me and Scott.

Yes.

Cool up.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah.

And currently they race cars and they pull off heists and they...

I would love to see Sprite and Coke and rematch.

The Fast and the Furious.

That's right.

The Fast and the Furious, they presented Hobbs and Shaw.

Maybe they could present Fast and Furious presents Coke versus Sprite.

Okay, I mean, I don't know what any of that is, but okay.

Why didn't they...

And this is what I was talking to another guest about this.

Why didn't Fast and the Furious present Fast 9?

It's a perfect opportunity, a perfect tie-in.

What's Fast 9?

It's F9.

Sorry, F9 the Furious saga.

What?

Never mind.

Can I ask one more thing?

So you...

Please!

You're gonna ask me anything you like.

Sir, you keep saying that you're afraid that upon everyone seeing the movie Stillwater, it's gonna besmirch the name of a person Stillwater, correct?

That's correct.

Well Matt Damon's name in the movie is Bill Baker.

No one is named Stillwater.

What?

It's like Stillwater.

They made a movie called Stillwater.

Nobody's even playing Stillwater?

Right.

Yeah.

This is even worse.

That's why you make a movie called Jay Edgar and it's about some dipshit from Ohio.

Stillwater, I don't know exactly what it means, but it's definitely not a character.

Take your word for it on that.

I don't know what...

You know what I mean?

Like if you go see a movie that someone's name, someone famous's name and writes about some, you know, rando, you're gonna feel like you were ripped off.

Did this happen to you?

Was this something...

This is happening to you!

No, it's the reverse that's happening to him.

You're saying people are gonna go see the movie Stillwater.

Yes, and they're gonna think...

First I thought that he's gonna think, oh, this is what Stillwater's all about and he goes to France?

Uh-uh.

Then I thought, now I realize they're gonna say, Stillwater didn't even exist.

Well, this is bigger, guys.

It's gonna be something.

Well, what is it gonna be?

That remains to be, you know, seeing.

You're telling me there's no indication.

If anything, you're making me want to go and see.

No, I want to go see Stillwater.

This is my worst nightmare.

That's my worst nightmare.

Why can't we have real movies out here?

I just hope people are thinking between Stillwater and my book.

It's yes.

My now.

I'm gonna bundle them if you can.

We give them Amazon's still water ticket and your book.

That's right.

What is your worst nightmare?

My worst nightmare is of course, I hammer with legs running away from me.

An anthropomorphic hammer with a face?

Like we're...

No, no, just a hammer, but it's got legs.

But he just has no arms?

No.

So how does he get momentum?

Usually, like...

It's doing a Tom Cruise like...

It's a dream.

I know, but if you like...

Why don't you ask how he has legs?

I guess you're an optimist.

He has legs.

He isn't missing arms.

I'm an optimist about my worst nightmare.

You got it.

Why are you...

I thought we liked each other and we were on the same page.

I thought we did too.

But now look what you try to do.

You try to put words in my mouth.

You try to...

You try to call me a liar.

I wouldn't put anything in your mouth, sir.

Scott is part of the Hollywood elite.

Once, thank you.

Holly Wilmanotti?

She gets it.

Yep.

I just got put Florida.

I told you.

I'm a fellow Floridian.

How, of course, I'm going to trust her over you.

She knows how to spot him just like everybody from Florida does.

Well still water, starring Matt Damon as this guy Baker, Mr.

Baker.

Don't promote it.

In theaters this Friday.

You don't even care.

I don't care.

You're not in it.

But now I'm invested.

I wanted to.

Tom and Parthy and screenplay by him.

Yep.

Wonderful director.

We're at East Date July 30th.

Just some people know and they'll panic off.

Don't see it.

Run.

Don't walk away.

There's still water in the movie.

But you're probably running towards a different movie theater.

What?

Probably.

Yeah.

Any movie theater, probably in any direction away from it.

So in your mind.

There's another movie direction.

In your mind.

There's another movie theater coming through.

Every similar business is right next to each other.

And right next to you.

And if you're running from a movie theater, you're running towards another movie.

Yes.

Why would they be?

That doesn't make sense.

They're not next to each other.

I'm saying.

But you run from your problems.

You're just heading.

I'm saying just like Casey says, you go to a city, right?

Yeah.

And you go to the Burbank 16, right?

And you start running away.

What?

Who?

You got to check it out.

A wonderful movie theater.

The Burbank 16.

Okay.

So what is a wrap around movie theater?

A wrap around?

Yeah.

So if you're running away from it, you're also running towards it.

No, you're not running towards it.

You're running towards a different movie theater.

If you start running away from the Burbank 16, you're just running towards the Universal City Walk theater.

How close are they?

I mean, you know.

Are you saying in the direction?

It's like energetically directionally.

Okay.

So I'll grant you that if you were running away from a movie theater, odds are somewhere in the world you are running towards another movie theater.

That is what I'm trying to say.

Thank you for granting it to me.

I grant you that.

Okay.

Good.

Good stuff.

But still run away from it because you know why?

Because maybe that other theater you run to is not showing still water, but he's showing go versus spread.

I would imagine it's in limited release.

So maybe that'll help.

Go versus spread?

No, still water, unfortunately.

Good.

If they're limited, they're limited to show it in hell.

Oh my God.

Oh, wow.

You're fair.

He's more than concerned.

You know, Casey and I, not to drag you into this, but we don't.

You know what?

Hold on a second.

I wish somebody from where I'm from would write a book that you can understand why people like me are so mad about a movie like still water.

Well, this is what I wanted to talk to you about.

A narrow book.

It just feels like a small topic.

Yeah.

Well, what about that?

That one, which is about a memo on them.

And that's now we're supposed to understand why people voted for who they voted for.

Is that the movie that you thought you were going to see?

He'll be a really elegy.

Me, Ma and them.

That's what it should be called.

Me, Ma and them.

But this is what I wanted to talk to you about.

Casey and I were in the Hollywood elite.

We have some blood.

Florida, you're in the Hollywood elite.

I'm part of the 70% she has dual citizenship.

And we have some Poland Hollywood.

If you could make a still water movie and there have been movies that have the same title as other movies.

Yes.

Back to future back to future to stuff like that.

But but if you and I did hear that I hate to say that I so hate that they heard still water there might be sequel.

Yeah.

That might be a sequel coming up.

Still water.

Still is water.

But here's what I want to ask you.

If you if you could have a movie called Stillwater and have it be about the vigilante what do you see that here?

Vigilant here.

What do you see that movie pitch us that movie?

Maybe we can make it happen.

I mean it's got a star with the origin story where a mild manic fan boat mechanic.

Mild manic.

He's mild and he's mad.

He is.

Yeah.

Every time I've met him.

I do not speak sir.

He's a mild manic fan boat mechanic.

Mild manic fan boat mechanic.

Manic fan boat mechanic.

He is living in a place where the police is corrupt as the day is long and friendly paddles.

Okay.

I want to add characters.

It's a rich talent.

You want me to pitch it to you but also you want to add stuff to it.

Yeah.

Have you ever worked in Hollywood before?

I wouldn't do it on a bit sir.

It's no I'm saying it seems like you have the start out.

I do have a thought out.

Thank you very much.

And you're putting your hands up like doing the aspect ratio of the movie as you're doing it which I think is a professional move.

I have crippling arthritis and that is an exercise that I have to do every day.

I'm sorry.

I continue.

Picture this.

I am just your own related.

He is fed up with a corruption in his town and he doesn't know what to do about it.

He's just if there's these these these extortionists coming in and leaning on his business.

Oh, what a great fan boat shop.

Sure be ashamed if something happened to it.

And then that person turns out to just be concerned.

He's a friend.

He's seen the first time he's genuinely saying it would be up in the ceiling.

It genuinely would be a shame if something happened.

Yeah.

But unrelated.

Okay.

So at one point the police are trying to tell this guy.

This is a handsome fan boat mechanic that always has.

Oh, okay.

Didn't mention that but this is better for our movie.

I mean, we can cast a movie star in it now.

Yeah.

Until you said he was handsome.

I have an idea of someone going on.

I don't know if I do that.

Matt Damon type.

That's yeah.

We can talk about cash in any moment.

And so the police come in.

It's it's a it's bigger on his little sidekick and they come in.

What did you say?

Big girl is a little sidekick.

Oh, big girl.

Okay.

What do you think you said bigger than his little sidekick?

It's bigger than his little sidekick.

Okay.

Well, I mean, they'll call a big girl for nothing.

Big girl bigger than his little sidekick.

This is a spinoff movie.

This is fast and furious presents big girl and it's big.

No, don't make a movie about them.

They corrupt.

Sorry.

That's right.

But Hobson show were corrupt when we first met them.

So they I don't care.

Now they're part of the family.

I don't even know.

What are these people you know?

Yeah.

It feels like it.

It's the same way the lizards of this show feel about us.

The lizards of this show.

Wait, you don't think it's a little bit of a loon?

It's a loon, not a stuff.

Why are you here?

If you make no lizards.

I knew it.

Oh, God.

Y'all are lizard people.

Oh, my God.

The lizards of this show.

Oh, no, listeners.

Listeners.

What?

Just continue.

So the girl is a little sidekick.

They come in.

They're trying to tell this guy about all these zoning fines that he's got to pay because he's got fan boats just out on the lawn and the put of fair.

Not as cinematic as you would want.

Not the fines, okay.

Yeah.

But I mean, the fan boats out on the lawn.

That doesn't seem like he kind of deserves these fines.

Why would you say that?

Well, I mean, if the guy has fan boats just lying around and on the lawn.

He's trying to fix these fan boats.

That's right.

Sure.

But there's a place to do it in his garage.

The garage is full of fan boats already.

There's fan boats everywhere.

That's more of a his problem than the city's.

Why is it his?

Who's problem than his is fan boat owners?

Yeah, but he's taking on too much business.

You can't just like, do you know, if McDonald's has so many customers, they can't go over to Jack in the box and go, Hey, we're going to sell some burgers out of your place.

What?

Here's what you Hollywood elites don't understand about life in Cumberbatch County.

Okay.

The chief mode of transportation is fan boat.

Okay.

Now, when that fan boat's broken, let me tell you something, buddy.

One time out of 10, you got to replace that fan.

And that is not something that's just lying around at the mechanics place.

You might have a couple of spare fans put on there, but that's a special order.

You'd be some inventory.

Like how long does it take you to fix someone's fan boat weeks?

Yes.

Sometimes.

Yeah.

Sometimes you wait on that fan.

I don't know.

He's getting started.

Sometimes it's a Paul.

I'm starting to understand why people in the country don't like the left.

This is this is this is our problem.

We're a problem of questioning your your asking.

We are asking.

Well, you're on my side.

I don't drag her anywhere.

I'm in the middle.

She's just asking questions.

You are laden it with judgment.

Okay.

Well, continue.

The left has a problem.

Who's the real racist?

So big girl is little sidekick bigger than a little sidekick.

But the both of them are there together.

Okay.

They start talking about these fans.

Well, the fame of mechanic, he don't know what to do.

So that night he's just lying in bed like what am I going to do about these corrupt police and talking to himself or we just see that on his face?

Maybe it's a voiceover.

Oh, it's a voiceover.

That's interesting.

But if we do voiceover, it's going to start with the voiceover.

It's not going to be like voiceover.

I don't know where it's just suddenly 20 minutes into it.

Oh, hey, by the way, I'm here.

Exactly.

I've been here the whole time.

Man, sometimes I hear this about movies because of course, you've never seen one yet.

Right.

Overspret, no voiceover.

You understood exactly what was going on.

Because you know, having not seen them though, sometimes people rely on them.

I hear people talk about it.

Sometimes I heard about this one movie that everybody loved, but it had voiceover, but also people talking right to the camera and also like recorded interviews.

Yeah.

Like come on.

What about all of that?

What about a movie like The Grifters where Martin Scorsese does one voiceover at the top and then never talks again.

And you're like Martin, I love you.

Like, you know, Scorsese, I want to hear him again.

He did a voiceover at the top.

That's the top of Grifters.

Yeah.

Hmm.

Some people I know don't remember that movie that well, even though they saw it and they don't recall that.

Some of us saw it in the theater in 1990 or 1991 and haven't seen it until just the other day and thought that was very curious, just the other day.

Yeah.

I was walking down the street while I watched it.

Anyway, continue with your movie.

So he's lying there and he's like, something's got to be done about this corrupt police.

And then a hammer comes through his window and he says, I got it.

Oh, go hit those guys with a hammer.

Wait a minute.

The hammer was like.

This is part of the story that I have never heard before.

The hammer with legs is worse nightmare.

No, the reason it's his worst nightmare is the hammer has legs and is running away from him because he lost a hand towards another movie theater, but probably he is.

Unless he's trying to hit his nonsense off at the pass.

So he realizes that's what he's going to do.

He's going to, he's going to put on a mask.

He's going to go hit these guys with a hammer.

I had always heard the story and I know Batman has had several different iterations of it.

Oh, Bruce Wayne's, you know him.

Oh, yeah, the million.

We should surprise you to know.

He wears a mask.

I had always heard it like he had a hammer stolen from him and that's what made him wear the mask.

Oh, it looks like you're getting ahead of the story now, doesn't it?

Okay.

All right.

But I'd never heard this part about how he's going to essentially murder.

Of course you never heard this part.

I'm telling you the story for the first time.

Okay.

How did you go to hear parts of the story?

I never told you before.

The JW Stillwater told me the story.

I can't imagine he would show.

Anyway, remember how he's lying in bed?

Thinking about this and having to go to sleep wakes up.

Do we watch him sleep for eight hours?

Was Zandy Warhol?

I've heard.

How do you know?

Somebody tell me about this.

I have, I have ears out on the street listening for this kind of nonsense, this kind of elite nonsense.

Your people out on the street out there.

It's like, you know, people on the street are telling me, hey Eddie Lee, Andy Warhol, do you want to know about him?

I got people on the street telling me about all this elite nonsense.

I got like kids Z's like gang of kids like comes up to me and says, hey, Mr. Capers, I heard about this, this artist who paints cans of soup and also he made a movie where it was just somebody asleep for a bunch of hours.

And then you get his name.

I followed away in my heroodex.

Jesus, that's a reference.

Of elite nonsense.

So who wakes up the next day?

Hammer's gone.

Oh, stole.

Where did the hammer come from?

That was one of my questions.

It flew, it flies in through the window.

Yeah, somebody threw it in there.

One of the corrupt.

Probably one of them corrupt.

They're probably either big girl.

So it's not even.

Or it's a little sad.

It's not even his hammer.

Or did they steal his hammer and hammer?

So they recognized it when it came in.

So they stole it when they were there.

Well, he probably left it out.

This is a confusing story.

Anyway, but go ahead.

Is it so confusing?

Can you follow this?

A mechanic might leave a hammer outside his domicile and then somebody might pick it up throw through the window.

See, this is part of the problem with you're just leaving shit out on your yard every time.

You don't know nothing about sorry if you can't have some hired servant come over and clean your lawn.

You don't know what's out there.

Clean my lawn.

Yeah.

You get your lawn clean.

What do you think is going on at rich people's houses?

They're just like sweeping their lawn.

Every there's a bidet all over the place.

Every place you go.

There's a bidet.

Okay.

Continue.

So I'm I'm not wrong.

Scott does have a bidet at his house.

I'm sure he's got several.

Yeah.

I'm sure he's got them all over the place.

She got in the living room.

Sure.

What the gym.

Please continue with your story because I feel like we're still in first act to her story.

Yeah, I was just going to say it feels like we're at page 15.

Do you think the constant interruptions are holding up the process?

I do.

I think we should let them get to the end.

Thank you, Florida.

How long would it take you to get to the end?

Oh, uninterrupted.

Uninterrupted.

And I'll see if I can do that.

Uninterrupted.

I could tell you this entire screenplay in, I'm going to say 45 minutes.

Okay.

We don't have that kind of time.

Can we cut to?

I'm assuming he puts on the mask.

Cut to.

He puts on the mask.

He goes to go beat the shit out of this guy with a hammer.

Yes.

Except he doesn't have the hammer.

Oh, right.

It was stolen.

Wait, it came in through the.

Oh, go.

He goes to sleep.

He wakes up out there anymore.

Who's someone?

We're going to find out.

Okay.

All right.

Go ahead.

Someone came in.

Well, now this.

Can I tell you something?

Sure.

I feel like we have gone through this exact scenario before.

Now, I've never been here before.

I have never heard this part of the story.

The fact that he was had premeditated murder in his mind.

Now, just but you know, did I necessarily murder somebody?

I mean, it's vigilante justice.

Oh, okay.

It is vigilante justice.

Okay.

Visulary justice don't always mean death.

Sometimes they just put they just put hot tar on you, cover you with feathers and ride you out of town.

It's interesting when you say vigilante justice because that really is the, you know, in the description of the other so long.

Is that part of it?

vigilante justice?

Matt Damon goes in his daughter's accused of murder and that's what he's there to event.

So he murders the police or who does he murder?

No, he's just accused of murder.

He was accused of a wrong crime.

So he goes and he finds some other means of clearing her.

Guess what?

I got to make an adjustment to the nut, Mayor charts.

This is now number one.

This movie.

So, so he goes, he does it.

He puts on the mask.

He does a lot of blue, a lot of blue.

I'm telling you.

You got to shorten it.

We have no, no, no.

Broder's trying.

Let's paint with a whiter brush.

We had discussed all this show before.

What the movie part of it?

Yes.

Okay.

That's the way to God.

Not by me, of course.

No, of course not.

All right.

But maybe somebody else.

So the second act is him.

So the second act he goes out and like, you know how, like in that Batman movie that I heard about, when you get to tell you about it, the first Batman movie that the kids told about, like he goes out of Batman and like just regular old like robbers or like getting in good shots on him.

Right.

Like he's having a fistfight with robbers.

Right.

Yeah.

What do you come on?

Wait, let's just assume that he's great at it.

He's wearing a bat costume.

The movie is called Batman Begins.

Like, well, what do you want him to like the first night out?

Do you like the movie I'm talking about?

Oh, okay.

Which one are you talking about?

You know, movie called Batman.

Okay.

The 1966 or 1989?

I guess he did.

Okay.

Well, in that movie, he'd been Batman for a while.

The 1966 Batman, that guy, untungable.

Nobody ever, it's him and his little buddy who's smaller than him.

Sure.

And they're big people up.

Nobody is punching them ever.

They are doing all the punching.

Anyway, anyway, who wants to see Batman starting out to wear just low level street thugs is getting in good shots at him?

Well, because it's kind of part of a larger arc, which seems your movie is missing a bit of just emotion and some.

You need like your Joker as well.

I mean, I know you have a bigger only little second.

Yeah.

Well, you have Professor Steelwater as well.

And that's a part of his father, Professor Steelwater.

Not my father, but J.W.

J.W.

That's very sad.

That's a sad, I don't think anybody wants to see that in this animal.

Okay.

Well, maybe that'll be for the second one.

I mean, but you need an antagonist.

You need to strongly.

So you just to mention that name really took down.

Oh, no.

I'm so sorry.

I didn't mean to.

That really took the wind out of my fan.

I'm sorry.

Well, look, we don't.

Wow.

I hate to end on a sour note, but we are running out of time to talk to you when we need to take a break.

So can you get your composure together and get yourself together?

And when we come back, you'll.

I'm going to water closet, splash some cold water in my face.

Okay, well, good.

Okay.

That's the thing you got here on water.

So that'll be great.

True.

All right.

I feel terrible now, but when we.

It's all right.

When we come back, we're going to be talking to a crisis negotiator of have you or JW still water?

I'll lift up my spirits.

Well, look, we'll be right back with more Casey Wilson.

More Eddy Lee capers will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

Casey Wilson, the wreckage of my presence out now black Monday still watchable and what black Monday?

No, would you say I still watchable?

Okay.

What did you think I said?

Oh, still water.

Okay.

No, I did not say I just listen in a corner of my ear.

Don't worry about that.

By the way, I, uh, Eddy Lee capers is here.

We've been talking about still water.

What is so what is surprise you to learn that regular listener, Chip Zadarski comic book writer and artist has a comic book called still water?

It's a lizard.

Never mind.

Chip's darski.

What?

Is there Star Wars?

He's not a, he's not a robot.

Hey, do you know what's a good Star Wars name?

What?

Ginkgo Belova.

Right?

That would be good.

That would be it for what I just say.

Wouldn't that be a good name?

I'm like, Oh, look who it is.

The famous bounty hunter Ginkgo Belova.

We need again.

Wait, do you ever want to see Star Wars?

No, no, that's the devil.

Yeah.

What?

The spaceships and all that?

Yeah, but it's God.

So fan boats are okay.

Do you think the invention of the fan boat is?

Okay.

Or where God should have just like cut everything off and said no more inventions.

The fan boat obviously is a divinely inspired invention.

And after that, I don't think God has, I think only the devil has inspired invention.

So microwaves?

Devil.

All right.

Good.

Can I before we just bring on our next guest just there's some more bad news.

Oh, please.

Yeah.

What do we got?

Casey Wilson here with Bad News.

She's been, she's been on the computer looking up still water trivia.

Unfortunately, before the still water that's coming out on July 30th and theaters soon.

Okay.

There was another still water movie.

What?

It came out in 2015.

2015.

That was a reason.

Now it was a short film.

Okay.

But not short enough.

Nonetheless, it should be zero minutes long.

Nonetheless, that's a second blow to you.

Who was that one about?

You know, it doesn't say.

It doesn't say.

I mean, at least no one ever sees short films.

So I don't feel like that's going to be confusing anything.

Okay.

Should they still give Oscars to them?

Sure.

I don't care.

This all decadent nonsense from Hollywood anyway.

I don't think you're congratulating ourselves.

I don't think you're giving Oscars for the best six.

God, I would hope to be up for that sometime.

Keep dreaming.

Oh, you don't think I'm good at sex?

Fuck you.

All right.

We have to get to our next guest.

She is a crisis negotiator.

This will be interesting.

I've never spoken to a crisis negotiator on the show before.

So this is a fascinating line of work.

There was a kind of a spacey movie about a crisis negotiator at some point.

That was not allowed to say any more.

Who are you thinking Kevin Spacey?

I mean, I called it.

Are you called it?

Do you watch his movies on Christmas or whatever they come?

Are they Thanksgiving movies?

I can't remember.

Those are short films.

Those are short films that should be nominated for Oscars.

She is a crisis negotiator.

She's welcome to the show for the first time.

Connie DePandy.

Scott, it's so great to be here.

It's so great to see you, Connie.

It's so great to see you, Scott.

Welcome to the show.

This is Casey Wilson over here.

Hi, Casey.

So nice to meet you.

Congrats on the book.

Thank you so much.

Edie Lee Capers, aka JW.

Hello, I'm nice to make your coins.

Thank you, sir.

Kind of the lip part.

Yeah, I'll cut out that part.

And Connie, you are a crisis negotiator.

I am a crisis negotiator.

What city do you hail from and is that where you practice?

Burlington, Wisconsin.

Really?

Yes.

Home of the biggest chocolate fest.

In all of America.

Is the Burlington Code Factory related to that?

I'll do it because I should write out of my mouth.

I get that question a lot.

Do you?

And the answer is daily.

Daily, really?

Once a day?

No, daily can mean more than once, but just meaning every day.

But yeah, no, it is not.

Burlington, Vermont is actually the co-factory.

Oh, wow.

Yes.

Oh, OK.

Also, Burlington, Wisconsin, home of Tony Romo.

I don't know if your little kids had told you about that.

I know Tony Romo.

No, also a question.

A place for ribs.

You get that a lot too.

I know Tony Belloni.

No, I don't know.

He feels like a lot.

He's the Italian person in your county.

Yes, correct.

What's he do for a living?

He repairs houseboats.

I don't think he'd be a restaurant.

No, he's not right next door to me.

OK.

All right.

So Burlington, Wisconsin.

Yes, sir.

Yes, Scott.

And home of the largest chocolate factory?

Is that what you said?

The largest chocolate festival.

Festival.

OK, because the largest chocolate factory would probably be.

Well, I love it.

Or, perhaps, Germany.

OK, yeah.

Yeah.

Right.

So, but this is the largest chocolate festival.

Yes, sir.

And this happens once a year, twice a year, every month.

Once a year.

Yeah.

Yes, Scott.

Why not more?

Every month.

Yeah.

I would do it every month.

If I was a town that was known for one thing, I'd love to be a town.

If I was a town that was known for one thing, I would do it all the time.

And have people like anyone who passes through Burlington, you're going to get to be part of this chocolate festival.

You're going to get to be part of this chocolate festival.

Do people passing through get to be part of it?

When it happens?

People get to be part of it.

Yes, absolutely.

What do they do?

They just smear chocolate all over each other?

It's sort of like the tar and feathering you were bringing up earlier, but it's fun because it's chocolate and then also maybe some yogurt.

Yeah.

Wait, so they...

So, OK.

You get cut.

So, the festival is people put chocolate on each other?

Yes.

And maybe some yogurt.

Yes.

Is that it?

It's all a lot.

It's the largest gathering of food.

It's the most enduring of that.

OK.

So, that's...

That's enough.

Yeah.

It is the largest gathering of that.

Of what that is.

Yes.

Right.

Yes, Eddie.

You keep repeating our names.

Yes.

Is that part of your job training?

I'm so glad you noticed that Scott.

One technique that you use in negotiation during crisis is you want to repeat the person's name over and over so they feel seen and heard.

And so, they know that you're talking to them.

Oh, OK.

It's just not another day on the job for you.

Oh.

Absolutely, Scott.

Armed gun in number eight.

No, I don't deal with any gun stuff.

Oh, you don't need any.

No gun stuff.

No.

What kind of crises are you?

Well, I love that question, Casey.

I really do.

I do feel seen and heard.

Yeah, wow.

Casey, yes.

I feel lonely over here.

Oh, Eddie, I don't think you should.

Thank you.

I don't think I should.

I really don't.

Do you want to buy a book, by the way?

I'm going to go home and I'm going to Google that and I'm going to purchase that book.

Hey, do you also want to not go to the movies?

Do you want to not go to the movies?

So another technique is what we do is in negotiation.

We take what someone.

So we listen to what someone has said and we repeat it back to them.

Repeat it back.

And I call that listening and repeating.

That's what I call that.

I call that listening and repeating.

Yes.

That's how I know that and I'm conveying to you that I heard you and I'm listening to you.

Okay.

Now you call that is there a more technical name for it somewhere else?

Is there a more technical name for it somewhere else?

I think listening and repeating really does get the job done.

Oh, no, it does.

I just I was just curious.

That's all because you said I call it.

LNR is what it's normally called.

Oh, is that true?

Yes.

I really appreciate you adding on to that because I think it made it even better and I'm glad that we're collaborating.

LNR Rigby.

Yeah.

So now what kind of comedian or not comedians?

What kind of.

I wish.

That would be fun to talk to you comedians.

Oh, no.

You're out there and suddenly Bill Burr is like on the top of a roof.

And I got to get him down from a meth johnch or whatever you want.

He's going to be right up there.

Oh, yeah.

That'd be a tough one.

It would be tough because you wanted to continue.

Yeah.

Well, he's not merely my style.

Oh, what's your style?

Wow.

What do you mean?

Well, I'll always be a reader, Rudner Gale.

I loved when she would put her leg up by her head.

I'm more of a boozler man myself.

I love Elaine Boozler.

You know, she's so funny.

I says, I might have to kick the booze, because I watched it too much.

That's good.

Yeah.

Read a Rudner Elaine Boozler.

That's the kind of stuff you're into.

You're not so much into Bill Burr.

No, Scott.

Right.

No, Bill Burr.

Okay.

But what harsh for this burly gal?

You're in who needs to shut up?

Who needs to shut up?

I had a friend who was on a show called Know You Shut Up.

That wouldn't be your kind of thing, would it?

No, because, well, it depends.

To be honest with you, that's another technique.

If someone is in crisis and they're saying shut up, I might say, No, you shut up and then they know that I heard that.

What?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

You got to do the LNR, which I thank my friend Casey for bringing into my life.

I think that's really neat.

Yeah.

I do have to say, Connie, as much as I feel safe.

I've been seeing and heard, you still have been avoiding this question that I think we've asked you several times about what types of crises are you negotiating?

Yeah.

Well, it's a lot of over Zoom now.

Oh.

Just because of, yeah.

So it's a lot of people on roofs and then I get in there on an iPad and I'm doing it over.

So it's a lot of suits.

You're on the iPad or they bring an iPad that you're on?

I'm on an iPad.

So is that a complete officer holding that up?

Well, I'm a private negotiator, Casey.

Okay.

I'm involved with guns or law enforcement.

Oh, wait.

So what kind of thing are you?

Who brings you in?

Yeah, I like that.

You're like a private investigator of a passerby.

A passerby.

A covered in chocolate and a little bit of yogurt.

No.

So wait, a passerby hires you to negotiate?

So the families of, I mean, Burlington is a small town and this, we've got to get Connie in 6,000 even.

And if we get one more, then somebody's got to go.

Okay.

You got to change your sign.

Yeah.

So you agree that's the plan?

No, I, well, here's so that brings me to my next technique, which is apathy.

Apathy.

Yes.

Because a lot of it stands for always persist and the hostage yikes.

Always persist and the hostage yikes.

Yeah.

Always persist.

You're always persisting because you're never.

Always resisting.

Right.

Nevertheless, I am always going to be persisting.

Right.

And then that hostage yikes.

I mean, what happens to them is what happens to them.

That's right.

You know, right?

Casey, Eddie, Scott.

A lot of hostage negotiations happening or?

Well, we have one bank in town and yeah, that's a hotspot.

Oh, yeah.

That's a hotspot.

Yeah.

And then, and then, and there is some, some jumpings as well off of.

Okay.

So mainly there's a bank that's getting robbed all the time.

Yes, sir.

And then what's the tallest building in town?

The armory.

Oh, the armory.

Okay.

That's a bad place to want to do a hostage negotiation.

And that's why I, I, you just stay away from that.

I stay away from that.

Yeah.

Are you ever zoom because of the pandemic?

Yes.

Okay.

So, but you're here in person with us.

Yes.

Well, because I feel, you know, I feel safe here.

I feel comfortable here.

But yes, but my business took a hit as we all did during the COVID crisis.

And, and, and, and so I had to pivot to zoom.

Yeah.

So it's a iPad on a golf club on a hoverboard.

Okay.

And I, is it, is it?

And that's my office.

Oh, is it taped to the golf club?

How's it to fix to it?

It's like duct tape or something?

Yes, duct tape fix anything.

Can I ask you, ma'am?

Yes, Eddie.

Why, why are so many people in this very small town?

One to jump off the building.

Yeah.

Well, I think a lot of it is pressure.

You could say it a little quicker.

Correct.

I was talking to you, but go ahead.

I was talking to you.

I think, I know you said, I think a lot of it is that Midwestern pushing down of feelings that then erupt, the tamping down of emotions.

That's really nice.

And it's either going to be, I'm going to rob the banker.

I'm going to jump off the building.

But one of these things is going to happen.

I think during the pandemic, your business would shoot up.

Well, that's why I had to pivot, Casey.

And that's a really great insight.

And I feel, I think that that was really, really, that's really true.

And that's great.

And are you paid either way if someone does jump just for trying?

It's not like a lawyer situation where if I win, I get the money.

Really the outcome is the outcome.

And again, it's the hostage.

Are you paid by the LLC?

Yeah.

So I draw it out.

Yes, Scott.

Some of these could last for days and days.

There's a lot of asking questions, just getting to know them.

I can see why you're repeating everything so many times.

I can see why you're repeating everything.

Yeah.

OK.

You're just drawing this out.

Yeah, I'm not paying you by the hour.

If it doesn't go your way, like if you are not able to negotiate.

If I am not able to negotiate.

What is usually the thing that makes that happen?

Well, I would say stubbornness.

Stuberness.

On your part?

Or, well, no.

OK.

I call it persistence.

But sometimes it's stubbornness.

And sometimes I really hate to say this, but sometimes you're dealing with people who are kind of duds.

Oh, so in your view.

In my view.

They should.

And no, no, I'm not saying that.

In my view, I'm not saying that.

But I'm saying you're dealing with something.

But you are saying that.

I'm not.

In my view, I'm not saying that.

But in my view, you just got you there.

And what I'm saying that, Scott, is.

Stop drawing this out.

Oh, what I'm saying that is.

My gosh, you got quieter.

That's a pretty effective tenured left.

That's the fourth one.

Wow.

That's hard.

If you want someone to listen to you, the ironical thing is the louder you get, the less they will.

So you should be doing this with Eddie over here.

It is ironic, it's tick.

No, I heard you say that.

Hey, what?

You gonna try something on me?

Yeah.

Yes, I'm going to try something.

Hey, Scott, hey, Eddie.

What are you doing?

Hey, Eddie.

Wait, I'm listening to her because she's saying, hey, see, now that's my language.

Hey, Eddie.

Hey, hey, Eddie.

Hey, you shut up.

Oh, forgot about that.

And see now we're already so much calmer.

Yeah, this is good.

I do feel calmer.

Can I ask you another question?

You don't ever have to ask if you can.

You can just ask.

Thank you, ma'am.

Yeah.

I don't know if I'll be able to do that because it feels impolite to just ask a question without set preference with.

Can I ask you better?

It feels impolite to just ask that.

That's what I said.

Eddie.

What in your opinion and your expertise makes a potential jumper a dud?

A dud?

Well, when you tell their, you can tell they're not going to really go through with it.

Oh, so it's a dud if they don't go through with it.

Yes, Casey.

Okay.

Yes, Casey.

So this is.

Sorry.

If you negotiate with someone and then they do a job, you find them.

You consider that a success?

Well, I could say to that someone who who sticks to their plan.

Yeah.

Okay.

So they're not a dud, but they are.

You do give them credit for.

Yes.

And to be fair, this is the, the, the, the, you're, you're going to mostly break a leg or so.

You're not going to.

Oh, is this only like a two story building or?

We don't have high rises.

Oh, okay.

And there's a lot of grass.

And so you're probably, you're going to be, why does anyone do it?

Is this just for attention?

A lot of duds.

Yeah.

Okay.

Just for attention.

So you're out there pounding the pavement every day or rather your, your iPad is for people just not to break legs, not to break legs.

The opposite of what you are doing in your Hollywood career, because, because you want to break a leg.

That's absolutely right.

Right.

That was clever.

I love you.

Oh, okay.

So the tape, did we ever get to the bottom of who is holding the iPad?

Well, it's on a hoverboard.

Right.

But who is, are you controlling the hoverboard?

Is it remote control?

Yes, I am controlling the hoverboard.

It's, I have one at home.

Is it a true hoverboard like in that, in that back to the future to movie where it's floating off the ground?

In the back to the future to movie where it's floating off the ground.

And do you ever lose signal and have any of those issues?

It does.

I will say it sometimes gets tough when you're dealing with bad Wi-Fi.

So I have to hard wire.

I hard wire, but sometimes.

Oh, you go up on the roof and hard wire in the middle of a negotiation.

If I freeze.

Yeah.

And that, and that's tough.

And then sometimes someone will lose someone.

Are you okay?

Will lose someone due to that Wi-Fi?

Yeah.

Is the iPad, is it a hook?

That's where the jumper is or is it down on the street?

Down on the street.

But what's nice about being in the mobility of that iPad, Eddie, is that I could be then going up to where they are.

You'd be fixing the Wi-Fi while the iPad is down on the ground.

Thank you, Scott.

I could be fixed.

But my question is it's so far away from them.

Why do you need to be on iPad if you're that far away from you're not getting sick during the pandemic by being down on the ground?

Well, you don't know that.

There might be a crowd.

Yeah, exactly.

That's a good point.

I mean, entertain.

That's pretty entertaining for us.

And is that really?

I was going to ask why are you worried about that coast code as a hoax, but this sort of comes with my question.

He's an anti-maxeter.

I heard that.

Yeah, I heard that.

And you know, Eddie, everyone has a right to feel the way that they feel.

But I would like to ask, why?

Why do they have that right?

I don't know.

Because there's plenty of people I think they shouldn't be allowed to feel the way they feel.

That's right.

Is this one of your negotiations with him?

This is one of your negotiations with him.

This is not one of my negotiations with him.

Casey.

Yeah.

Damn it didn't work.

I have a question.

Yes.

Do you feel the situation with Stillwater, the movie and what could be a different, you know, a short film and a short film and a comic book written by a lizard named Chips at Arsky?

Yes.

Do you file that under crisis?

Yeah.

I think he's going through it right now.

Casey, do you file that under crisis is so great.

Thank you for that.

I think, yes, a crisis doesn't have to be external.

Could we hire you to take care of Eddie over here?

Oh, absolutely.

And I have a six hour minimum.

What do you get paid by the hour?

Sagan.

How much do you get paid by the hour?

Well, I usually like to get paid in food.

So like how many apples per hour is worth of food?

How many apples?

Yeah.

Am I just getting apples?

Well, pay you apples one hour hamburgers another hour.

Oh, wow.

So I'm going to work harder the hamburger hour.

I'll be honest with you.

Let me front load the hamburger out.

And that'll be the end of the day.

But so again, if someone jumps right off the bat, you show up at the hoverboard day job.

I'm not making rent that much.

You're going to get six hours away from the food.

You get 20 apples, one hamburger.

You said you're not making rent that month.

That means you're paying your landlord in food.

Yes.

It is the chocolate.

It's the chocolate festivals.

Oh, OK.

Take your cake.

You're welcome.

Can I give you one hamburger right now?

And I'll pay you the 20 apples and the rest of the food.

And let's see if you can fix Eddie over here.

This is an I.O.

Food.

I don't have the food on me, but I'm willing to take you across the street, maybe.

How about this?

Yeah.

This one's on the house.

Thank you so much.

A lot like some of your jumpers, I would imagine.

Read a red in your ass.

That was Boozler.

Read a Boozler.

Together, that was fantastic.

I could see how you got into what you got into.

I just kind of fell backwards into it, but let's.

That happens a lot as well.

Yeah.

Backwards.

You can't even go to the car.

You can't go to the car.

We'll see you next time.

Bye!
