♪♪♪ Nope, no gleminate around the corner is the 7-Eleven with half-off Coca-Cola slurpies. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang Bang.

♪♪♪ With the hard G. Thank you so much to Mike Oxlong and Harry, another hard G for that catchphrase submission.

I don't believe Mike Oxlong and Harry has ever submitted anything.

So congratulations to them and congratulations to you for listening to another episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

This one is a good one. I think at the end of it, you are going to accept these congratulations because you'll have gotten through one of the best episodes ever of Comedy Bang Bang.

That is my promise to you. And we have, yes, I've recorded it already and I'm just then after we recorded it, I'm doing this intro. But yeah, and so I know it's going to be a great episode.

Coming up a little later, by the way, my name is Scott Ockermann, that's coming up right now.

But coming up a little later, we have a magician on the show.

I don't know that we've ever had a magician, perhaps an illusionist. I'm not quite sure.

Close up magic, we don't know. We don't know what type of magician, but very excited to talk to them.

We also have a small business owner, a small business. This is the year of the small business owner.

No more entrepreneurs on this show, small business owners in 2021.

And she'll be coming up a little bit later on the show.

But before we get to them, by the way, we are now in Augie Doggy. Welcome to Augie Doggy.

Before we get to them, let's get to our first guests. They are, well, look, I mean, I could talk about them separately all day.

They are two separate people, they're human beings, they are members of the human race.

I believe they're Americans, although one could be Canadian for all I know.

They have separate careers that have seemingly only diverge, or I mean, they've diverged, but they've seemingly only come together on one project. I don't know. A few, really?

One of them is Riftrax, one of them is History Science Theatre. We'll see what the differences are between those.

But you know them each as actors and as producers in their own rights, but together when they're together.

Primarily they spend their time recording episodes of a podcast called The Voyage to the Stars.

Can this be longer? Primarily when they're together, the majority of the minutes spent are spent on this podcast.

Voyage to the Stars, the third season of which has come out is in stores now.

Wherever you buy your podcast. Two episodes out, I believe now.

Please welcome for the first time to the show Felicia Day and for the second time, Janet Varney. Hello.

Wow. So much to live up to you already.

That is the most testifying before Congress intro I have ever been in.

But what did I actually say though? I said you're actors and you have a podcast.

And that's why you said it.

You're not going to get subpoenaed. Nope, that's not how legal things work.

Well, I mean, I am going to just stall the answers.

That's the thing. If you ever watch those congressional testimonies.

Oh, for sure.

They just stall ever having to do to answer a second question.

So brilliant. It's psychotically gorgeous.

Yes. But speaking of psychotically gorgeous, welcome ladies.

Thank you very much. Oh, wow.

That was such a sick lie.

Which one of us do you think could be Canadian if one of us were which we are?

I don't know that much about Felicia. So I would say you.

Are you Canadian or no?

I have that pasty whiteness.

You seem very big. You apologize. You apologize on a dime.

Sorry. I'm so sorry.

So no, I'm not Canadian. I've worked in Canada a lot.

Really? You wanted to say Canadian.

I wanted to say Canadian. So do I all the time.

I'm sorry I've been in my house for a year and a half. I don't know how to pronounce things.

Where did you hail from? Where did you grow up?

I'm from Huntsville, Alabama.

Huntsville, Alabama. Okay. I guess I hear sort of a southern twang.

I'm talking to my grandma.

I'm like, I don't want to hear all that racist stuff for you, grandma. That's me.

That's exactly why.

I want percentage of the sentences you say to her or that exactly.

100%.

Click.

Oh, great.

Well, welcome to the show and many hamburgers to you.

And you have this.

Look, I mean, Felicia, you've never been on the show before, but of course we know your work from the guild and Dr. Horrible.

Wow.

And I mean, Buffy the Vampire Slayer, a couple episodes of that, right?

Did you wick you at me?

I might have, but I, but those are the three things I've seen.

Oh, thank you.

See, I was, well, you said Mr. Sides Cader versus Rift Tracks, and I'm actually in Mr. Sides Cader.

Yes, that's what I mean.

Oh, okay. That was a rift tracks.

You were a rift tracks?

Yes.

Well, it's just, it's not like you're in it. You just do stuff for you.

Once you're in though.

You're in. I mean, I have the tattoo. Don't get me wrong.

Wait, wait, oh, is that the butt thing?

Yeah.

Is there a thing where, again, where Rift Tracks and Mystery Science Theater people are upset at each other?

I don't think so.

I want to be in a gang, though.

I mean, I know. Like, I would, but I want to be in the same gang as you and have the same butt tattoo.

Yeah, my butt tattoos just are legion.

Does it just say butt?

Yeah, it's a butt.

With an arrow to your butt.

Yeah. And then mine's a butt on a butt.

But it's like putting a hat on a hat, but that's fine.

That would be a great, uh, back tattoo.

It just says butt and has an arrow all the way down to the crack.

Are you going to get, you know what would be a fun episode?

Have you had somebody do that while you were broadcast?

Yes, that would be so fun.

I don't know how I would take a tattoo because I tend to not care about shots and stuff like that.

So I, but I was always afraid to in growing up going, oh, I don't want that pain, but I think I'd be able to take it.

What do you think? Do I look macho?

No.

I think you would be, I think you would do what I do, which is that pain becomes very quickly adrenaline, which then becomes like a few before.

Do you have tattoos? I don't know.

I had a tattoo and then I had to get it removed because it was too hard to, I mean, I had to to continue working and show this.

Oh, because they wouldn't cover it up with makeup.

They couldn't cover it up well.

So I would get a job and then the person who hired me, I would say like, by the way, I had this like double band tattoo on my bicep.

That makes it sound like I have my stuff.

Yeah, go ahead.

On my upper arm. Let's be clear.

Okay.

On my skinny, sad upper arm.

And they would be like, oh, that's fine.

You can still play the soccer mom and then I would go and then and then they'll be like, and we will put you in a tank top because that's what soccer moms do.

And then they would try to cover it and the makeup artists would just valiantly try and it would still be this sort of great, great smear.

But you know, soccer moms have these kinds of tattoos these days.

Not in Hollywood, Scott Ockerman.

That's a good point.

That is a good point.

They did the painting and look a certain way.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Do you have any tattoos?

This is not a question I've asked anyone, but we're on the topic.

No, let's talk about it.

I've told a lot of so quarantine and COVID made me follow the two cues.

Yeah, the kids.

Quarantine.

COVID.

Had me follow underground bakeries in Los Angeles.

Mm.

Cheap houses in Europe.

Okay.

Underground bakery, but like underground meaning they're not sanctioned by the government.

They don't have like a health rating, which is my jam.

That's a thing.

I didn't even know that was a thing that I could follow.

There's a lot of like just I don't have a job anymore.

I'm baking out of my house and here's a stupendous orange vodka cake for you.

Okay.

I'll hook you up and tattoo artists.

So those are my three.

Those are your three.

Okay.

So underground bakeries and I forget number two.

European cheap houses.

European cheap houses or sheep houses.

No, no.

Some of them may come with sheep.

Oh, really?

They are very cheap.

I would buy one with sheep.

If it was an option, you could do it.

Wales has some very cheap places.

You could go see your buyouts on the animal.

Yeah, it's very interesting.

Everything you're saying is just.

You should have chosen Wales.

I'm baffled.

Why are you baffled?

Listen, I'm just telling you, you could get a really cheap pietta day out.

So that's part of the fantasy.

The fantasy is like is looking at something going.

I could technically afford that.

Exactly.

I could eat that.

I could afford that or I forget what the third thing is.

I never get to do that.

I'm never going to be able to remember three things.

I can remember two at a time.

The rule of two.

That's right.

And that's why we have two guests on today because I couldn't remember who the third one is.

That's right.

Now you guys, and Janet, of course, people know you from SF Sketchfest, obviously, and the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, One Sketch, and I wish I forgot exactly what it was.

I think dying Scott Ocarvin.

That's right.

Yes, I was dying.

Was I dying?

There was something where I was very upset.

I remember sobbing.

Oh, you're pushing me in a wheelchair at one point.

There was a hospital bed involved in...

That showed me so much to me.

I can't remember a single sketch.

I understand.

That's the way it should be.

It should be all in the past.

All of them are all with love.

It's like first, you know, you don't remember pushing that baby out or the first two years of its life.

I thought you were saying we don't remember being born, which I agree with.

I agree that we don't remember being born.

Some people could.

What?

I mean, Mary Lou Hennor.

I bet she does.

I bet she knows what you ate that day, too.

Oh, she remembers everything.

Jeez, enough Mary Lou.

But you guys are on this podcast together.

It's called Voyage to the Stars.

This is the third season, which, you know, they call the third season the make or break season.

They do.

The junior in high school make or break season.

You know, sophomore slump, not a thing.

This is the year where if the numbers don't improve, you get canceled.

Oh, for sure.

Even in podcasts?

Because I think they can't force you to be podcast.

Like, podcasts you're like, I'm still going to be podcasting.

Of course you do be podcast.

You're right.

No matter what they say or do.

You can't be made a podcast if you're not a podcast.

No, but you're right.

You can't technically cancel a podcast, but people can stop paying to make them, I guess.

Yeah.

Do we get paid for this?

Can't say, but for your own show?

Can't say either.

But this show's been going on for three years.

Describe exactly what it was because I feel like we talked about it on one episode.

Colton was on, but what exactly is it?

It seems like it's about some sort of journey to big balls of fire up there in the sky.

I can see why you would draw that conclusion in terms of just similar words.

Similar words.

I mean, that's what I'm getting from it.

Yeah.

I mean, it is about a ragtag group of misfits.

A ragtag group of misfits.

I could still be talking about almost anything.

Yeah.

That's the thing that gets, it's either a ragtag group of mystics or mystics.

Ooh, that would be good.

That's a different show.

That would be better.

That's the show I'm quitting this show for.

Yeah, voids to the culprits.

I want to be mystic.

I just saw it a few the other day because I got a Lenormont deck, which is a kind of like a...

You said B-H-T-A-T-A and Lenormont.

On this show, what's going on with you?

I'm from Alabama.

I'm pretentious.

I've tried to overcome my roots.

Okay.

You are succeeding princess.

This is wonderful.

Wait, a Lenormont?

A Lenormont.

It's like a half, it's like a tarot deck.

It's like a...

I'm a tarot when you're not that hungry.

I gotcha.

For sure.

No, I want to know everything about it.

Okay.

After half line.

That's correct.

What do you guys think of that diet where it's just order what you are normally going to order but then only eat half of it?

Does this have ever worked terrible, right?

I find that insulting to everyone.

Because then you just eat it.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Or you don't and then you feel like you're wasting food and you're angry or something.

Oh, you waste...

Oh, so you don't eat it for dinner because you don't want to eat the same thing.

That's a great question.

I've never done the diet but I assume...

Yeah.

I guess if you eat...

Some guy, I'm just gonna say...

Let me ask you this real quick.

If you eat half of it and then you have that other half for dinner, does that mean that you can only eat half of that half and then the next morning?

That's a good point.

Until it's just crumbs.

But you never get to zero because you just keep having it.

And you're gonna lose that weight, baby.

You're gonna lose that weight.

That's true.

Some guy and I'll say who his name is, Rob Schrob.

We were at dinner once and he was having soup and I go, and I think I've told this story on the show before.

Apologies.

So, but I was like, oh, you're having soup and he goes, yeah, well, what I figured out is that if you have whatever you want to eat for lunch and then have soup for dinner every night and it's a good way to lose weight.

I was like, and I thought about it for two years.

I was like, God, should I go on that diet Rob was talking about?

And I saw him two years later.

I was like, so how did that soup diet work out for you?

He goes, oh, I lasted two days.

But Rob Schrob's soup diet will be on your face though.

What I thought about it for way longer than he ever did.

And did you continue to see him and see him looking the same?

I guess so.

Yeah, I was like, God, that soup diet is really working out for Rob.

He's a real skinny tall guy though.

He really is.

Yeah, so why is that guy dieting?

Come on.

Yeah, that's what I mean.

You know, like if you already are skinny, you don't diet.

Yeah.

And then you gain the 20 and then you diet and you lose the 20.

It's like Janet.

I'm sorry.

If you look at her, she's a tall, thin, willowy lady.

She's lied.

I thought you mentioned Jackson when you mentioned Janet.

Because I mentioned the period after the Janet.

Oh, just Janet.

Yeah.

For me, Janet is the only Janet.

Janet, you're my right hair.

Is there another Janet?

Janet to my right is a great, that sounds like a show I would want to watch in place of Mary Tyler Moore.

Janet to my right.

Can I be your quirky best friend who wears glasses and comes over with a catalog?

Can I please be the quirky best friend?

No, I'm going to be the intro.

I don't want to do the, the, the, the work.

That's too much work.

I'm in riff track.

I'm in the station without me.

I'm in riff track.

I'm just taking over the show, not including me at all.

Are there other Janet's?

I can't think of a single one.

Janet Van Dyne, of course, The Wasp.

Yes.

Janet from, I don't know if this is cheating.

I, I for sure can say Janet Jackson.

I feel like that's cheating because I do feel she was brought up.

Yeah.

Only moments ago.

Yeah, that's true.

Those are the two, Janet.

What about you, Felicia?

Janet from Tam Lynn, the folklore tale about Janet who saved the night from, you know what she's talking about?

Yeah.

Okay.

I named my daughter.

I sure, for sure.

After liberal arts thing.

So I, oh, really?

She did not name her daughter Janet.

Okay.

Sorry.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Would that be weird if she named her daughter Janet and then was just like, oh, hey, this is my daughter Janet and didn't say anything to you, Janet, about it.

And you're like, sitting there going to cheating?

I'll tell you what I would do.

I would think about that for two years.

And then I would finally ask and she'd be like, oh, I changed her name two days in.

I heard a teacher name.

Yeah.

That lasted two days.

Are there other Felicias?

I mean, it must have been really hard for you when the bye Felicia thing came out because then everyone was saying that to you constantly for what?

Like three, six still, still, no, people don't let go.

People still say, damn it Janet to me.

And I don't think Rocky more is than the site geist for a minute.

That's right.

I forgot about that Janet.

Yeah.

See how I snuck that in.

I snuck in the room.

You got it in.

Very sexy.

There was a hurricane Felicia last week and I was really rooting for her, but she she depressed.

Can you get a lot of rest?

What is rooting for her?

I mean, that's that's a lot of structural damage, right?

Like just a lot of insurance claims, you know, no, some jealous of tornadoes.

Yeah.

So if we talked about this podcast.

I don't think so.

I think we got up to Ragtag group.

I thought you were saying you added enough.

I thought you said, have we talked about this podcast?

And I was like, I don't think so.

Have we talked about enough?

For sure.

Yes, we have.

But the fact that it's about a Ragtag group and they're there, they're on a some sort of a destination.

Wedding.

Yeah, they're on to destination settings.

Is that what it is?

Nope.

They go to Aruba.

I'm going to pitch that in the next season.

If we ever get season four, if we ever tell this audience about our show.

Then maybe they'll get invested and get this destination wedding season four off the ground.

Have fun because I'm going to be on my mystics show and that podcast is going to rock.

That's right.

What was it called?

Voyage to the mystics?

No, it's a very simple and very similar voyage to the mystics.

Please tell me about this show.

I'm begging you.

It's a loosely improvised comedy.

So basically we get an outline of story.

Who gives you the outline?

Our boss, Ryan Copple.

Ryan Copple.

And he does insist that we call him our boss.

Who's this guy?

And Ryan Copple.

It's one word.

Who is he?

Very shady.

He's just making outlines for people and giving them to people.

What is this guy?

I actually picked him up off the internet about 15 years ago.

That's true.

That's actually true.

That's true.

In what manner?

What do you mean?

Well, during the guild, I would just try to find other people doing cool web context.

I was lonely and I don't relate to people in person.

So I never went to a meetup in person.

So I was like, this guy does some cool web stuff.

And he did this kind of steampunk show called Reese.

And I was like, you're cool.

And then he eventually moved down from Canada to LA.

And I was like, where's my company?

He's Canadian.

Ryan's Canadian.

Not Canadian.

Yeah.

He was married to a Canadian.

But I don't want to go into their...

Yeah, we don't want to talk about their...

It's a vise to say he's never asking.

History, I guess.

Wait, they're not still married.

I don't...

We don't want to talk about this.

Listen, I want to talk about...

What happened?

What happened in their relationship?

In the end, he ran her company, Geek and Sundry.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

Is that still a going concern?

No.

I don't know.

I'm completely divorced from it.

You understand that.

I don't know what you mean.

You know how a thing you've sold isn't your fault anymore?

I'm just saying hypothetically.

You just nailed it.

I'm not relating to this in any respect.

You just nailed a heart.

A nail in my heart that was so sweet.

It felt so dark.

Listen, this is for all of us.

It's for all of us.

I don't know what you mean.

But look, let's talk more about this show that's on the Earwolf Podcast Network.

What...

You guys what?

Go to the stars?

Yeah.

We do.

It's about, you know, it's a rock-a-space comedy full of prep falls and puns and we just...

Rep falls and puns.

I almost burst out meat curtains because I feel like you've used that term several times.

Meat curtains is what?

Meat curtains is what my go-to.

I really want to just say, when I'm really staring south, I'm like, meat curtains.

It's got a little bit of a, just a kind of a reflex.

It wakes us all up.

You know, in a rom-com...

If Hurricane Felicia's us in a way.

In a rom-com, instead of a meat-cute, there should be meat curtains, right?

That's...

It's more a traditional play.

That's what people need that a play and fall off.

That's more of a third date than kind of thing, though.

Exactly.

I play a robot.

You play a robot?

Thank you!

We're finally getting to it.

You play a robot.

This is what I've been leading you towards.

I kept being like, I was sort of doing the robot going like, yeah, let's talk about it.

I know, I'm sorry.

Thank you.

Okay.

That's what I'm talking about.

Yes, I do.

That's what I do.

Not your show.

Not what my robot voice sounds like at all.

What do you sound like?

Give me your robot voice.

She sort of sounds like this.

So...

Okay, so a little more polite than your actual voice.

If I were pleasant, yeah, if I were a pleasant person, that's the robot I would be.

Yeah.

Her humanity is her sneering snarly sound.

Yeah.

Felicia, what do you play?

Some sort of robot?

I play a quirky character named Elsa Rangfort, who is the daughter of the richest people in the planet.

And she is a scientist.

What planet?

Because I'm assuming this is in space.

We have ours, but then we blew it up.

But that's a spoiler alert for season two.

Sorry, if you're not caught up dull.

Yeah.

And yeah, that's what happens.

I'm a kind of character who never really falls through with anything, namely like maybe a podcast conversation.

Think of a mystery science shooter if you're 1000 of my riff tracks.

Oh, I get it.

Okay.

Does that ever come into play like your two different styles, you know?

Like you're...

Like what is the difference between riff tracks in mystery science theater 3000?

I don't actually.

Riff tracks I think is all audio.

You know how like you would go like, oh, well, Groundlings versus UCB, the Groundlings are a little more this.

Right.

Groundlings wear funny hats.

UCB are like, hey, what's up?

That's up.

You know, that's nice.

Right, exactly.

CBAs are too cool for the game that they teach you to be too cool for.

Exactly.

And that's what your surroundings are uncool.

Yeah.

I'm...

I know that I am like the peanut butter that if you dip chocolate into it in the form of mystery science theater 3000, it's delicious.

It just tastes great.

Those two things belong together.

Why am I horny now?

I've done my job.

Dipping, channen dipping things.

I don't know.

I didn't hear anything you said after that, but a voice of the stars is in theaters now.

And wherever you listen to your podcasts, you get a big group together.

You can get it now.

Third season, a couple episodes are out now.

Paul Shear, I believe, was on the season premiere.

Is that right?

Yeah, the Great Paul.

The Great Paul.

He actually, I think is that a licensed theater.

The Great Paul Shear.

I haven't seen that show.

Is that good?

The Great?

I don't know what that is.

Oh, the Great.

Oh, no, I have seen it.

Yes.

Yeah, yeah.

It's good.

We're promoting that here today.

Yeah.

This should call it the good.

It should be called the good.

Yeah.

But we're not here to talk about that, or maybe we are.

Who knows?

But we could talk about it at length, but we are, of course, running out of time for this segment.

But voice to the stars is out there now, and approximately 70, 71 episodes are out there, and they're all hilarious.

Colton Don is in it.

Who else do we have?

Kirsten Vang'sness from Criminal Minds.

Steve Berg from Many Things.

Who's he playing on that Criminal Minds show?

He does not.

He is from many other things, not.

No, who's the person before that you said?

Kirsten Vang'sness plays the...

Some sort of cyber nerd?

She's the moderator person.

Exactly right.

Quirky.

Yeah.

Every one of those shows has one of them, right?

Oh, yeah.

How do you get that job?

I want to play it.

I've auditioned for him many times.

Very much appreciates and knows, like, oh, I've got that job.

Yeah.

Do you got to come to the auditioning glasses?

You had to.

I lost one of the jobs to somebody on Bones because she...

Who are you going to play that, Bones?

No, no, it's a quirky girl.

Bones Jr.?

Bones, you know, it was a...

It was a bonus.

This is my daughter, Bones Jr.

It was for Pornhub, and anyway, you had to...

I'm still horny.

You dip the fish.

I'm so old.

Oh, not horny.

You dip the fish.

Why?

Why fish?

Oh, no.

Because the whole thing was that the monologue was about a dead fish, and this girl brought a laminated picture of the fish, and that nailed her the job.

So, I always bring pop rocks, that's it.

Oh, you don't always bring pop rocks?

You said props.

Yeah.

You said props.

I'm pretty good.

But don't bring you the pop rocks and the fish.

Oh, Jesus.

All right, voice to the stars.

Out there, anywhere you go, it's in the air.

In the drive-through?

Ones and zeros.

You can just, if you have a way to decode these ones and zeros and get them where it's like talking in your ears, then you are going to be very happy with the voice to the stars out right now.

We do need to get to our next guest.

He is a magician.

Are you guys interested in magic?

I hate magicians.

I love close-up magic.

Did you say I hate magicians?

Oh.

I was once at a commercial audition where a guy turned to me and tried to pick me up and said, I'm a magician at the magic castle.

I'm like, you're not a real magician, and then I walked out.

Wait, why would you say he's not a real magician, and why would you walk out?

So, he needs you to disappear?

Oh.

I hate him more now.

I should leave.

No, I should leave.

You should leave, okay.

No, I'm just like, he's not a real magician.

He's not a Gandalf.

He can't...

Oh, I see meaning.

How do you know that his magic wasn't real?

Because he was a douchebag.

Oh, okay.

I would imagine that some real magicians are actually douchebags, wouldn't you think?

Oh, you mean like a Harry Potter cut?

Yeah, okay.

Harry Potter was a douchebag, don't you think?

Yeah.

The one who lived.

So, Sauron?

The Eye of Sauron?

What a douchebag.

That guy was douche-tastic.

Possibly not even a human.

But you know, we're talking about a magician over here who's just to the left of Janet.

Oh, yes.

To the right of Janet.

To the right of me.

Right.

And to the surprise of me, there he is.

Hopefully, he's not a douchebag.

And you like close up magic, you say.

You know what?

I'm an exp...

I love all kinds of magic.

You love all kinds of magic.

Magic.

Keep an open mind.

All right.

Let's talk to him.

His name is the great Magna.

Hello.

Hi, Scott.

Hi.

Everything okay?

You know, I just haven't been feeling the great lately.

It's just, you know, there's just been a lot going on in sort of my career hasn't been going the way I thought it was.

Do you hear when we were talking about the great, the show The Great?

And then I was like, oh, it's gonna be good.

That was funny, right?

Yeah, that was...

That sort of was the bright spot of my day so far.

If I could be ours.

Oh, sorry.

Yeah, the rest of me.

But also, I kind of get it.

I mean, I'm free for you guys.

Well, yeah, I've been enjoying my time sitting here waiting.

But...

Is this a trick?

I'm doing a trick right now.

Oh, I see what you mean.

This is like one of those fake eye tricks where they go like, oh, I don't know what the card is.

Oh, I got it wrong.

You didn't get the den of clubs.

Exactly.

I just don't know.

I'm always ready for there to be magic happening that I don't.

So I just wanted it.

I thought I would try to get out in front of and see what's trick.

Well, we all know that magic happens when you least suspect it.

But I'm sorry to say...

I don't know that.

I don't think that's...

We all know it.

That's our common knowledge.

Well, huh?

That's how I...

You know, I guess maybe that's how magicians think about magic.

If you're not a magician, I wouldn't think about being a police officer the way a police officer.

We all know a police happens when you least expect it.

When you least expect it.

Exactly.

So I don't think about anybody's job the way they would think about it.

You wouldn't think about my job the way I would.

Is this the prestige?

Well, no, because the pledge hasn't happened and the turn also has not happened.

I don't know.

How many dead of you are there out of a booth somewhere near Tesla?

No dead of me.

Prestige.

You got to see the prestige.

You got to see it's the only movie about...

Pause this and go watch the prestige.

It's about two hours and ten minutes long.

I know that because...

Two minutes.

Yeah.

How do you know that?

I watched it pretty recently just this.

Is that the trick?

Knowing how long the movie is?

No, but it was to make myself feel better.

Is this how long the movie is?

Two hours and ten minutes.

He got it.

I kept asking that throughout the runtime just suspecting that it might end.

Reown to 60 the entire time?

Yeah, just in case it would end and I would be right.

I'm trying to, you know, you're always trying to expand your repertoire, but I'm feeling down right now specifically because I just haven't been feeling inspired lately, Scott.

Oh, no.

Inspiration happens when you least expect it.

Well, great magnum.

I know.

I've been looking for it left and right, but I've realized that maybe up, maybe down.

Magna, the...

Wait a second.

That's it.

No more to grade.

Wait, have you not looked up and down?

I haven't even tried to look up.

I've tried to head.

You know, in either direction left or right, but not up or down.

What about when you put on your pants, my dear boy?

I could do that without looking.

Ew.

Ew, why would you do that?

But should you?

But should any of us.

I get it wrong sometimes.

How do you get it wrong?

You got like two legs in one hole?

Two legs in one hole.

Backwards.

Backwards inside out.

You know, sometimes it's got to take them off from them back on, but it's all...it's not about, you know...

How often is that, by the way?

Every time.

Wow.

Look down.

Look down when you put on your pants.

I'll give it a try.

It's something that I don't think about anymore because in this business, you're not looking up and down.

You're looking at the audience, you're looking at your assistant, you're looking at the volunteers, and they're all to the left or right of you.

But I've realized the thing that I need, and it's that I need competition.

I need a rival.

Oh, okay.

So you need like a magician who's coming at your heels or dare I say coming for your neck?

I need it in practice.

Wow.

Yeah, I need a magician that's coming for my neck.

Did you say hello, everyone, when you first...

I didn't, but you know what?

Could you say that just really quickly because I like to hear the traditional hello, everyone.

Hello, everyone.

Okay, good.

Thank you.

People like that.

Yeah, you know what?

I was gonna start saying that at the top of my act from now on.

Okay, that's a good idea.

Okay.

But if I ever freaking perform again.

Oh, my God.

What's your backup plan?

My backup...

See, that's the thing.

We're already going to the backup plan.

I'm trying to solve this problem.

I've written them off.

You've written me off.

You left the man look up or down before you read them off.

No, that's what's going to be my saving grace here.

I'm taking away your peripheral.

You got nothing back.

Backup plan, I guess I could teach magic.

That's what usually people...

Ah, I feel like something do.

That's part of the...

Part of the...

Two adjacent.

Yeah, two adjacent.

Yeah.

But I mean, I guess I'm trying to do is I'm looking...

I'm taking...

I've had rivals in the fashion.

So you're shutting her line of questioning down.

You're getting back to what you want.

You're getting back.

Okay, a universal pant.

A pant!

Universal pants!

You can talk about the many points to the stars!

A pant that only has one hole.

Yes!

Sensational!

Yeah, it's more than I guess you just invented the skirt.

Okay, well...

No, no, no, no, no.

For this reason I'm out.

Okay.

I thought you meant one hole for peeps.

I thought you...

Oh, one hole for peeps.

I'll take any suggestion.

Look, here's my question.

Yeah.

They make jeans and pants with a hole in the front, right?

For peeps?

Yep.

You're not one in the back for poo poo poo's!

It's true.

Two hole pants!

I just think...

There you go.

Boom!

If we're going to get clinical about this, I think because I think you just have a little more control over one of those.

I don't think...

Whoa, wait a minute.

If you have a prolapsed...

How little control do you have over the second thing?

I just think you just never know what's going to be going on, but you don't know.

You've got to take them down if you...

Yeah.

I could see maybe a zipped window sort of to the ass.

Like baby pajama pants.

That's what girl onesies mean.

It's true.

You know, like those jumpsuits?

They're all the rage.

Listen, that's a morse that having to get that swimsuit and be like, Shroof!

Yeah, yeah, I never thought about that.

I absolutely...

You ever be walking into a men's bathroom and you see a guy who at the urinal and his pants answered down around his ankles?

I have seen that and I've done it and...

You've done it!

You're the guy!

Well, it's usually too late when by the time I figured out I had my pants on wrong.

Oh my God, I got to do that.

You got to deal with switcheroo.

Deal with switcheroo and deal with 360 rotate.

And sometimes you got to go.

You got to answer that call like the ghost bust.

The lady ghost bust.

Let's be clear.

Yeah.

Not the ghost busters that they're coming up very soon.

No, no, no.

I'm going to have to say, man, what is that about?

There's a lady ghost busters, you can't just say lady ghost busters and ghost busters.

You have to say lady ghost busters.

Oh, I got to say lady ghost busters.

What happened to me?

You turned into a mid-asuuden.

I went to Canadian for a second.

But, you know, I guess... start making pants.

I'm trying to stay in that.

No, no, no, no, no, no.

You're in a crisis.

You know what, tell you what, we have to take a break.

Okay.

When you come back, can you describe your act and we'll see if we can help you.

Sure, yeah.

I would love to talk about my act.

Yes.

Okay, great.

I just want you to talk about your act.

I don't want to do it.

Okay, good.

All right.

We've come to an agreement.

All right.

Well, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from Felicia Day, more from Janet Varney, more from the great magna.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang.

After this.

Comedy bang, bang, bang.

We're back Janet Varney and Felicia Day.

Of course, from Voids to the Stars, a thing we all know about.

I mentioned that perhaps you would never work together other than this.

Have you been in the same thing prior to this?

Well, Janet hosted a show that I produced on my channel about escape rooms.

Gigat's under.

We did a lot of web video kind of things.

She's very, she's a really quick.

Why do they make web videos anymore?

They don't.

It's really great to be known for that.

Yeah.

What was that all about?

You know, I'm in the same boat, the hole between two friends thing is like, you know, no one makes web videos anymore.

We all loved them for like 10 years.

We did and now you couldn't be on cooler.

It's so weird.

Yeah.

We're still out there.

We're still like making videos.

We're like gramophone specialists.

Everyone click die.

Well, that was what happened.

Honestly, it's funny or die.

They get into it and they're like, oh man, this will be funny to have like funny or die.

Everyone click.

It's dying.

Everyone click die.

It just killed the whole industry.

God, why are you talking?

Well, I'm talking to them.

Sorry.

He's trying to become a podcasting host.

Yeah.

Oh, oh.

I'm not coming for your next guy.

I'm not coming for your next.

No, I'm not coming for your next.

No, you're not going for the jugular.

You're coming for the next.

Yeah, it's right.

It's a little, it's a little friendlier.

It is.

It's much friendlier.

This is the great magna.

What does that mean?

The great magna.

Well, magna is Latin for great.

So it is.

Oh, the great great.

Yeah, it's a little redundant.

Well, it kind of really drives the point home.

I really, when you, when you're unfamiliar, you know, everyone knows David Blaine what he does.

Oh, boy.

He's more of a stunt man, I guess.

He's not really a magician.

He's kind of a stunt man.

Like that person in death proof?

What was her name?

Hmm, the person in death proof.

You know, she was on the car.

Mary Elizabeth Winston.

Um, um, um, Rosario Dawson?

No, come on, man.

Oh, what is, what, now what is that movie?

Huh?

How long is that movie?

I would say it's about 88 minutes long.

If I had to guess.

Wow, he is so good.

What is it?

What do you should do?

Yeah, you should do that.

This is part of my act.

I do sort of with the power of suggestion, I can sort of guess things like to the, like the same.

You're suggesting to someone that how does it work?

So what I just did was, you know, I talked about, I sort of planted the idea earlier.

Oh, you, you did the whole death proof.

You mentioned David Blaine, which then led you to saying he's more of a stunt man, which of course you knew that I would say, what about that stunt man from death proof?

This is the layers, Dean.

Whoa, which you had already known how long it is.

Exactly.

Yeah.

But, Christine, it is that.

Yeah, I gave you the planche.

I gave you the turn and now voila.

Amazing.

Wow.

And the whole time you're saying things like, Oh, Rosario Dawson, Mary Elizabeth Winsor.

You knew what you know everything about that movie, don't you?

Do you all the way back to Mary Lou Henners, autobiographical memory, because that woman can only remember things like what day of the week it was.

That's right.

You remember anything important?

She's like, I've met you.

It was a Wednesday.

And then I remember how long movies are.

She knows where she was when she saw them.

I could tell you what she had on the day she was born, what meal she ate.

What was it?

Restful.

Her mom's or someone else's?

Hey, you know, not it was, yeah, I don't know where it came from, but that's not for me to find out.

They come from titty.

They come from titties.

Do we have an episode title now?

I'm not sure.

That could be a very least a t-shirt.

We have no idea.

Let's, before the break, the great Magnus here, he said he was going to describe his act.

What is it?

Are you close up?

Are you far away?

What is it exactly?

I do.

I very far away.

Do you?

Whoa.

Are you visible to the audience?

Are you at all visible?

You can see me.

There are monitors, but I try not to really...

Oh, monitors.

Remote magic.

This is interesting.

Yeah.

Like, well, I'm on stage.

I'm visible.

You can see me, but I sort of, I sort of rent out like an amphitheater type of, you know, a lot of overhead.

It's expensive.

But that's how far away I have to be.

He doesn't know how much overhead there is because he doesn't look up or down.

All the way to left.

That's also a very good point.

You know, I couldn't know.

How could I know it?

That's true.

But I...

So when I do call for volunteers, it takes a minute.

Do they answer the call like the lady goes pustered?

They do.

And you know what?

And they answer it dutifully.

They get right at there.

Everyone's always very excited to volunteer at a magic show.

You know, you got to the point where you got friends.

You get young people.

Hey, it's like, I have enough volunteers at this magic show.

I asked for one.

Stop being so dutiful.

Yeah, not a thousand at least.

Right.

So you're approximately what?

The length of a football field away or?

Yeah, I mean, like, I...

Extra around 300 feet.

I'd say about maybe minimum half of a football to about football feeling a half of a football.

Can you put this into terms of like how long a movie it would be if it were a football field?

If it was a movie, I would be about a...

The creep away, which is about 70 minutes long.

Okay, that's very short.

That's actually not that far away.

Yeah, but you unravel all of that film?

That's kind of...

Oh, I see.

We're talking about feed of film.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

So maybe your crisis is a conversion to digital.

This is a problem because you can't actually measure anything.

I know.

And you know what?

I'm just so glad that Quentin's keeping film alive.

Oh, yeah.

Hello, Sally.

So describe your act.

You're a faraway magic.

I do a lot of it, you know.

Can I guess your...

I do cards.

Can I guess your what?

Can I guess your card?

Can I guess your age?

Can I guess your what?

This is good because you're asking consent.

You're the first magician to ask consent.

They say, no, I don't ask.

I don't guess.

I know.

I know in my head what it is, but I don't reveal it because a magician never reveals the secrets.

And that is a secret.

Right, yeah.

Okay.

I do that.

I do sort of crush a bird cage, make the bird appear unharmed.

Oh, thank God.

Okay, yeah, just the first half of that, I was very scared.

Yeah, I was about to give my PETA membership card out and cut you with it.

Oh, yeah.

Some of us love bird cages.

And for that reason, I'm out.

Janet, she's gone.

I know it.

Come back.

That trick does take the length of the film, the bird cage.

It does take a long time.

How long is that?

Oh, like I was your phone?

Yeah, what are we talking?

Bird cage, Rob Williams or what I was your phone?

Well, here's the thing.

It's a double feature.

Oh, how long is that double feature?

It's about, that's about, you know, that will run you back about three and a half hours.

Yeah, it was just about three and a half hours.

I throw in a little interstitial, like I threw in cartoons.

I do sort of do best.

I don't want you to add on stuff.

I don't need now.

Okay, I'll take the commercials off.

Thank you.

So what's your act?

So I do that.

I do, I'll do like the cabinet escape sort of thing like I'll get in a tank of water that is locked and you know, I'll be bound and I'll escape that.

How do you do that?

You're in a cabinet.

Well, I need to tell you my secret Scott.

Sure.

Okay, well, so it's like a, I just wanted to make sure that you want.

It's like fake handcuffs is I want to do it.

It's fake handcuffs.

It's like a loose knot.

The lock is typically not a real water.

Is it real water?

The real water.

No, it's come and it's going to.

Wait, hold on.

It's come and people are full.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Back up.

Why are you swimming?

It's because it's so far away.

It needs to read as come.

Oh, I have to read as water.

So for the you are away from it.

It has that viscosity.

Experience come does not disappear the farther you get to her.

It's just also it's easier to for me to like climb out of.

Oh, yeah.

It's just stepping stuff.

Yeah.

How do you get all that come?

I mean, look, is that from you?

I can't say that's the one secret that I cannot take from him.

Yeah.

It's a lot more.

Yeah.

I'm out.

So I don't really do that trick as much.

Because yeah, I am out.

I think that's for the best.

Yeah.

It's definitely for the best.

I do.

I do a bullet catch with what your teeth or with your hand or what do you catch?

Yeah.

Once a catch.

Your pre-come?

Yeah, it was like a load.

Yeah.

I just think what?

I shoot a load and I catch it.

What?

Like you tired someone firing a gun at you as you?

No, no, no.

I'm doing the shooting.

You're firing a gun at your penis?

Yes.

Or away from your penis and then you shoot your...

Oh, God.

There's a lot of that.

But you know what?

I used to do a real bullet and I've just...

Oh, it's not a real bullet.

No, I...

Please don't say the bullets also come.

No, I don't know how that works.

No, it's like a fake bullet that I use now.

Oh, okay.

Like paper mache or...?

Well, yeah.

So I have a little craft sort of lab where I sort of...

I take a real bullet and then I paper mache that and then you know, I think...

Well, I guess I blow up a little balloon to the sides of a shape of a bullet.

I do macrame because I'm really getting into how this works.

I have the craft lab.

I have taken up macrame but the ones that I make always just end up looking like a dirty mop and I can't get...

Well, that's macrame.

You're doing it right.

Yeah, I can't get it right.

Yeah, no.

I can't get it maybe the best in the world.

Yeah.

Well, you know what?

I think you should do this instead of this magic thing.

I think magic's really my thing.

I don't know.

I mean, I gotta say...

You talk about the craft lab with a lot of love and pride.

Yeah.

You're so bored when you're talking about swimming and comedy.

It's really not...

Well, you know, I've done it for 10,000 hours but like that's the thing.

The act is not the issue.

It's the issue of just me not being inspired.

I'm trying to find my inspiration.

I would love...

I would just love a rival to just be a little bit better than me.

Okay.

Because I've had previous rivals in the past that, you know, have...

I don't know if you all know this but magic is a dangerous profession.

Sure.

And I've lost many rivals to the act, to their act.

Who are some of these were some of these previous rivals?

I'm really glad you asked that.

I lost the amazing Fantano.

Wait, does Fantano mean amazing in the other world?

It means fantastic.

Great.

The amazing Fantastic.

I lost the fantastic Romero.

He died in a bullet catch, caught it with his skull.

Oh, well, I mean, a successful trick.

He did do it.

Yeah.

Everyone applauded but, you know, you don't really get that applause until the prestige happens and he did not get back up.

Yeah, that's a problem.

Daniel Blade died in a dismemberment.

He took his head off.

He just took his head clean off.

He took it off.

For himself?

He did arms first.

He made his arm seem like it came off and he was like, now for my final trick, pull his head off but he just pulled...

He literally just pulled his head.

He pulled really, really hard.

I don't want to speak in a little bit of the dead but these guys suck.

They are not really good.

Senor Majik died in a levitation.

He just went too high.

Oh, so he might not be dead.

He might just still be up the scene.

No, I mean, I think we all heard a pop.

Oh, okay.

Oh, the pop that happens when you go too high.

He went too high and we heard the pop.

Chronos the Wise died in a saw and half trick.

He just did it for real.

Really?

But he went the long way.

How many of those rivals?

Because they don't sound good at what they do.

Well, they weren't in the circuit.

I don't know every sort of feel has a circuit.

We were all coming up together and I was watching their act and when they pulled these tricks off and don't die, it is impressive.

That's right.

How many times?

No.

I mean, it seems like you're going to dry or you're not going to be dry because you're going to die.

Yeah.

It's like strangling on your own semen.

That's sort of why the people come to the shows.

You know, they come.

Stop saying come.

The word is really uncomfortable right now.

Arrive.

Yeah.

Why they they they.

When they ejaculate into the theater.

When they climax to the show, they they they they they they they're there to see a potential accident and that's you know, they're all sick fucks.

I know people come to magic.

I mean, look, this is why I come to magic.

I love I like to come to magic.

Arrive.

I like to see like a guy with a ponytail.

You know, tricking me into thinking like something's happening when it's not.

I don't kind of mentioned my ponytail, by the way.

It's very long.

Thank you.

I got to say, are you sitting on you're you can so long you're sitting on.

Yeah, it's yeah.

Yeah, it's it's right.

It's between both cheeks and you have a barrette that says but with an arrow down.

Yeah.

Just so you know where the rest of my ponytail.

Interesting.

And my final rival he passed recently.

So it is.

I'm so sorry.

No women.

That's funny.

I'd love to hear his name though.

Ant tricky.

Wow.

Okay.

So I guess she died.

Yeah, she died doing a Derek Delgaudio and what does that mean doing it?

So I don't know if you've seen in and of itself, but he sort of he the final thing is he goes around to every person in the audience and tells them who they who they think they are.

And somebody didn't like their answer and they killed him.

Oh, how like who do you need to stop punching in the stomach?

Well, I mean, it was it was rough.

Yeah, really?

Yeah.

Was another one of those decapitations just to say they they they they they they they they grabbed her by the head and spun her around her and flew off the rest of her body went flying holding the head still.

You got to be careful when you grab someone by the head.

You swing them around the room.

Yeah, that's why nobody nobody go for anyone's neck.

You can't it's bad news.

Are you sure that your rivals aren't all dolls?

I mean, you know what?

I mean, I consider them dolls in the sort of colloquial sense.

I would say, oh, you're a doll.

Oh, you would say that to them?

Yeah, I say it everybody.

Okay, interesting part of your personality that has been unexplored up till now and probably will remain so I mean, you haven't asked me whether or not I'm a big sweetie.

Are you a big sweetie?

I'm a gigantic sweetie.

Everybody loves me.

All right.

Well, look, how do we get you a rival?

Are you are you here to advertise for a rival?

How do we solve this problem?

I don't know that this show is about solving people's problems.

But I want to solve yours.

I was hoping one of you maybe want to become a magician.

Oh, yeah, Felicia, it seems has a history for this year.

I try and ask her out.

I just I feel like you at a young age probably had that little deck of cards.

You whipped it out all the time and then you started whipping it out when you were older in a different way.

Yeah.

Why would you embark on a career of deceit?

Oh, no, no.

You're a fantasy.

You're a fantasy question.

To be fair, Felicia, your whole career is a career of deceit.

I mean, making internet videos, that's not actually happening.

This is something that you made for the internet.

I did set the bar too high and other people tried to follow and they failed and they're like, what happened to that?

And then do you made video?

You made videos?

You're a dinosaur.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Oh, God.

So we really broke Felicia down.

She's not okay.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

Now, Janet though, out of anyone, I mean, she's wearing all black right now.

Please.

I am very intimidating while also at all.

I don't think I want to be a magician.

I just appreciate that you even briefly considered it.

I did.

And it was very brief.

Why would you want to be a magician?

And now I scoff at my brief.

Okay.

Well, you know, that's it.

Janet, I, you know what?

I'm very bad at keeping secrets.

You have a lot of people.

You tell everyone.

And I go, that's certainly true.

But yeah, when someone's like, how did you do that?

I'll be like, it's amazing.

Okay.

So and then that's you, you take the bow.

You take an oof as a magician.

You cannot do that.

First, do no harm.

Yeah.

So when I explain that trick earlier, I'm going to need you to cut that out.

Oh, yeah.

I'll cut it out.

Don't worry about that.

I get it.

I 100% listen to this episode back.

It will not be.

I just want to express the concern that you're not being genuine right now.

I am being 100% genuine.

It will not be in this episode.

You do you want me to sign something?

Will you take this knife and cut your hand?

Wait, what?

What do you want me to cut my knife?

Like a blood of blood of blood of blood of blood.

Wait, cut my knife open.

Would you please cut a knife just so I know that you're being punished.

This show is super meta.

Look, I'll sign like the equivalent of a prenup of magic or whatever.

I'll say if it remains in this episode, I will give you...

As Kanye West once said, how do we want prenup?

Sure.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'll give you $4 million.

How's that?

Oh, it will not be in the episode.

That's how serious I am about this.

Okay.

I'll take a $4 million.

Great.

Thank you.

All right.

Thank you.

All right.

Thank you, Scott.

No, you won't have $4 million because it won't be in the episode.

Do you want $4 million?

You totally retire, though.

Okay.

And for this, I'm in.

Okay.

Your is very...

Your...

Big sweetie.

Oh, thank you very much.

Big sweeties get $4 million.

I'm going to get you, Scott.

You're going to become a magician.

I guarantee it.

I see it in your eyes.

All right.

I'll be a magician.

What do I have to do?

Yes.

Oh, I don't know.

Oh, I can't tell you.

I can't tell you how to do your own tricks.

Find some tricks and learn to do them.

What's your angle?

Let's look at Scott and be like, okay, the blank.

The...

The blink?

I'll just know the blank.

The blank?

Oh, the blank.

I'm just kidding.

Like, I tell everyone, don't blink.

Yeah, that's when they do.

That's when I do my tricks.

And I missed it.

Because everyone knows, if you don't blink for a long time, you have to take one very long blink.

And that'll give me enough time to take the rabbit and put it in.

I take a little...

I take a little blink.

Every night.

A blink.

Every night.

It's not blinking.

I got it.

That's 40 weeks.

I'm pretty sure that's 40 weeks.

Well, look, we're running out of time, but have we solved your problem?

Frankly, absolutely not.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

You know what?

The hunt continues and it truly does.

It's for instance.

For instance, in podcast stores right now, The Hunt for the Stars.

The Hunt for the Robots.

Season 4, Hunt for the Robot.

We have to take a break.

When we come back to the Great Magna, can you stick around?

Oh, I'll stick around.

Hell yeah.

Okay.

We also will have Janet Varney, Felicia Day.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang bang.

We're here with Janet Varney.

A little Janet Varney, people call you.

People do.

All of Tompkins.

Yeah.

He started that.

Happened to people call you that on the street or do they come up to you and say, little Janet Varney or anything in the street, anything ever happened to you in the street?

I feel like I've encountered people in the street.

People on the street?

Double D that.

Do you know what I mean?

Yeah.

So does that answer your question?

It sure does.

Yeah.

We also have Felicia Day here.

Hello.

And she's got a last name that is a time of day and it, you know, I mean, that's something.

Correct.

Yeah.

That's a very innocuous endorsement.

But yeah.

That's a very difficult name.

Yeah.

If my first name was as easy as my last name, I would be able to find a key chain at a gas station.

Yeah.

Put it on it, you know.

What about Felicia afternoon?

That would be something else.

Would it?

I could be Felicia, Magic Hour?

Magic I well-speaking a magician.

I should have been a magician.

There we go.

I was about to ask you a question and realize that I'm not in charge of stuttering because I was like, I shouldn't have been even speaking probably.

But if you could have a day, Felicia, would you call it?

Would you call it?

Would you name it after yourself?

A day?

Yeah.

I mean, that sounds really super narcissistic and not unattractive to me.

But yeah, I mean- What do you want people to do on Felicia Day?

I- Like, you know how certain other holidays people do fireworks?

I'm not going to name which one.

Okay.

But also like cookouts or going to graveyards and stuff like, what do people do on your- I'm talking about Halloween and Memorial Day.

I don't- you know, it's a really good question.

I feel like maybe for my day, I want what people to do.

Bad fan art of each other and give it to each other.

But you had to say this is the best thing I've ever seen and you had to put it like framing.

You know what I'm saying?

Very specific, but I like it.

Okay.

All right, interesting.

Set the bar low artistically across the world.

Yeah.

Well, speaking of magic though, we also have the great Magna who- Hello, everyone.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate you giving it.

We have to get to our next guest though.

Are you excited for this?

A small business owner.

You're sort of a small business owner, the great Magna?

Yeah, I am incorporated.

Yeah, I suppose.

Yeah.

And I guess you guys are too, right?

I mean, you have a little now- Oh, God be.

God be.

Yeah.

Okay.

So we're all small business- I mean, you were a big business owner.

I was.

You know?

And then what year did you get out of that?

The year I had my baby, it was 2017.

Oh, okay.

And then you did that named Janet.

I just looked there for- Oh, just be clear.

It was on the- no, it was on the- you can always change it.

I'm sorry.

How about a baby is a lot like making an internet video in a way, but it's like alive?

Yeah, but it never fades.

It goes away.

They both come from Titties.

They both- and the Titties be both.

Titties be both.

How many views does your baby have?

How many views does my baby have?

How many people have seen him?

Her.

Just enough for me to claim a Ross I area in her name.

Okay.

Very good.

Nice.

Well, we have a small business owner coming to the show.

She's been on the show many times before.

I can't remember what we've ever talked about, but please welcome back to the show, Mary Lisa.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you, Scott.

My pleasure.

You know what I'm going to remind you what we've talked about.

Please do, yeah.

Because, you know, that's what I do.

Yeah.

Oh, is that what you do?

No, I do so much.

Would you do the first time you were on that if you couldn't remind me about it?

I'm pretty sure whatever I did was, you know, it was weird.

It was wacky.

And good times are had by all.

That's Mary Lisa.

Mary Lisa.

Yeah.

This is Janet, by the way.

This is Felicia.

Great magnum.

Oh my God.

You know, it's what, as you guys were saying, you know, like having a small business is like having a small baby, you know, am I right?

Sure.

Yeah.

I mean, I guess so.

Oh, yeah.

It's like a big, big baby.

Like a really big, big, big, big baby.

Well, you see, here's the thing.

I'm a small business and I've had to shut it down.

Oh, no.

I'm so hungry.

You have abandoned a baby on the other side.

Oh, yeah.

So yeah, I had to close down the nut store that I know.

Oh, that's right.

You had a nuts.

What was the nuts or was nuts and more?

No, it was.

What was it?

Yeah.

When you close out of business, you don't have to remember what you do.

Nutstalgia.

Yeah.

It was called Nutstalgia.

Nutstalgia, these are your daddy's nuts.

You know, these are like the...

That was the...

Yeah.

That was the data.

Yeah, these are like your daddy's nuts.

Nutstalgia.

It seems like a franchise opportunity.

That's what I'm saying.

That's what we all thought.

I was very supportive about that.

I know.

I remember you called me every day.

You never came to the store, but you did call me.

I called you every day saying, where's the store?

You wouldn't tell me.

Well, you gotta...

That might've been why you closed.

You just want your gusset, while you...

You refuse to give directions to anyone.

With this, COVID, people don't want a loose, older nut.

You know, they want a fresher sealed nut.

These were old nuts by the store.

Yes, they were older.

Looser.

They were a looser.

They were a vintage nut.

You know, they're like your daddy's nuts.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

They were nuts that had been harvested in the 40s or in the 50s.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Antique nuts.

Antique nut.

Exactly.

I had a chance.

Looser nuts.

Got it.

Like your dad's nuts.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Your dad used to sit on the couch with the bag on loose nuts.

Fiddling with his nuts.

Exactly.

Anyways.

I was told in the rear view that...

Yeah.

You had to close it.

I mean, small business owners are what keeps this country America.

USA.

That's insane.

They would change it.

If...

Yeah.

If there were no small business owners, it would be the United States of what?

We've like...

Canada.

Oh, Canada.

I've been a lot of talk about Canada.

I'm not Canadian.

We have to look at someone in resentment in place of, you know, sort of...

Real Canadian, sorry.

I do have to make a confession.

You know that I was formerly Canadian.

You were from?

Yes.

I am no longer.

You were a lapsed Canadian?

I am no longer.

I did not know that.

You're what part of Canada?

I am obvious.

Now I'm doing it.

From the Western part of Canada and I...

What does that mean?

The Western part.

Like, can you be more specific?

From Alberta.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Okay.

From Alberta.

Can you check that?

Is that on the West?

It's not...

It's West-ish.

And I'm just a former.

I'm a new American.

I just...

I had no idea.

Do you have to promise to punch a Canadian?

You have to...

You most certainly have to renounce it.

And yes, you most certainly have to...

You have to renounce it, you have to renounce loyalty.

What I like about you, you're turning your head to look at all of us.

We're catching every other word in the mic.

Sorry, I'll stop that.

I feel...

That's okay.

I do like eye contact, so.

But if you could maybe like kind of go like this instead.

I feel like I'm addressing the nation.

Are you are?

Yeah, you are.

Are you running for office now?

Did you...

Did you?

So that is what I'm here to announce.

I've gone from Nutstalgia to perhaps a political career now that I'm allowed.

What?

This is huge news, I think.

I mean, I don't know.

Is it?

We're trying to read out.

I mean...

I'm going to have to have you go on a little bit further before I decide.

You seem so lost.

What's my platform?

What do I do?

What do I believe in?

All I know is I'm not Canadian anymore, I'm American, I'm no longer loyal to Canada.

No longer loyal to old loose nuts, apparently.

I know, and I guess could I run on a platform of loose nuts?

You can bring loose nuts to this nation.

Yeah, I don't know.

Is this nation already a nation of loose nuts?

I don't know if people are...

No one wants to be confronted with that truth about themselves.

I don't know if people are ready for a failed business owner to then get into politics and succeed.

It sounds sketchy now.

You know, you realize somebody who's like perhaps very close to bankruptcy?

Yeah, I don't think...

I mean, that just tells me that you're a failure.

I would never elect you.

Never going to have legs on.

My suggestion is you could come to this country on the platform of I know loose nuts.

I know how to tighten nuts too.

Tightening nuts.

Okay.

It's worse because we don't know what it means.

Also, tightening nuts isn't the opposite of loose nuts in the way you were talking about them.

Okay, so I'm running on a platform of America.

Tight nose nuts.

Love it.

And to men like that, you think men are going to really like go for that?

I think the idea of it shrinking up like that nuts sort of retracting up into the body.

Do you think Hillary, if that had been her slogan...

You're like a cold, douse of water on this country.

We're tightening nuts.

So they just have been a nice pantsuit and some tight nuts.

I swear she would have won hands down.

What her slogan was, pants.

They have holes in the back now.

If it went through, I'd go for it.

Yeah, bokeh.

I mean, so I think...

Is this what you're here to talk about?

I think...

Back you went to a corner like this.

No, at this point, I'm basically asking, you know, I've asked your listeners from any things.

I've asked them to send jizz, containers of jizz.

Oh, that's right.

That was your DNA testing where you were just tasting it.

I could tell your ancestry by tasting your jizz.

Can you test some of magma's jizz right now?

Yeah, I got a human-sized tank full of it.

I can tell you...

Janus, you're sure to sopting wet right now and I'm assuming it's from that.

I didn't have time to change.

I can tell you basically maybe where you're from.

She's like the Henry Higgins of jizz.

Yes, that is awesome.

Of course, I got slammed during COVID because, you know, people didn't want to get a darn Q-tip put up their nose, so they were like, could you see if I have COVID?

COVID, just from that and how successful were you?

100%.

I could tell you if you have COVID.

Did you get it from that?

Wow.

I've had it nonstop.

Okay.

So, sure, it was a good idea to have you on the show today.

You can get COVID from jugging jizz.

100% shucking it.

I just tasted it.

I think you're taking it.

Why are you...

Are you shotgunning it?

Well, here's what I was doing.

You get one full serving of jizz.

You only eat half.

And what's costages of serving?

Yeah, what is a serving size on jizz?

What is he?

I'm not talking about jizz.

What about soup?

This is not that kind of show.

Chizz.

This is what I'm saying.

You eat one half of the serving of jizz and you eat the other half for dinner.

Now you're saying eat like there's chewing involved.

This is gotten...

Do you turn it into a mochi?

Because that actually would work.

Then I...

Then I've been busy working for subway sandwiches.

Well, you were working for...

Did we talk about this?

You became a sandwich artist?

Well, no, because you know they found out that there's no tuna in the tuna.

Right.

Well, I mean, they did...

I mean, they were doing DNA testing.

Complicated.

So now I've been tasting fish's jizz.

Oh, yes.

Oh, I didn't know they did that.

I thought...

If the fish is fish...

Right, okay.

Is this fish's jizz or is this a yoga mat's jizz?

Oh, my goodness.

Oh, inanimate objects, jizz?

Is this the last episode of comedy?

I can't quite tell.

I...

We went out...

We went out with the jizz, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

But what is it?

So now I'm asking your listeners, send in money for this campaign I do.

Oh, which is for money.

You're still asking for money.

Ask for money.

I am my platform of tightening these nuts.

Let's do it, America.

Where are you running?

I mean, is it for city council position?

You know what?

Let's just simply start with Governor of California.

It seems to be an open poll.

Do we think Gavin Newsom's doing a good job?

I don't know.

I'm not a great one to judge.

And look, if you're looking for somebody who's been an actor, I once appeared in a commercial for a mattress.

Really?

I'm not just one mattress.

Just one mattress?

Yeah.

Once they sold that mattress, they took the commercial down?

The whole company went tits up.

Oh.

It never even aired.

You know, so here's the thing.

I'm a former actor, just like Arnold Schwarzenegger.

How did you get into that?

That's weird that you only have done one commercial and that's the entirety of your resume.

My uncle owned a mattress company.

Yeah, but a Canadian mattress.

It was never the same.

Oh, okay.

Do Canadians sleep differently?

We don't really slap standing up.

Like they have cars.

Like they're the Murphy bed of people?

I mean, we'll sleep however you tell us to sleep.

Oh, okay.

You know, if you marched into a Canadian's home and said enough sleeping, we'd go, okay.

Sorry.

You know, I would not tell people that on the campaign because that sounds like you're very malleable, like you're suggestible, like you'll just do whatever people tell you to do.

Right.

Okay.

No, I'm going to tighten these nuts.

Yeah.

But we'll loosen them though for me.

Okay.

Sure.

Okay.

We need a good platform more than just a slogan.

Like so Magna, yes.

Like what do you want different in your life?

Like what could government do for you?

No, good government make me, I don't know, the greatest magician of all time?

No.

What?

Maybe you could promise something like that.

Like if you vote for me, I'll make you the greatest magician of all time, you know?

Something like that?

I guess if you vote for me, I could make you the greatest magician of all time.

Well then you got my vote.

Oh my God, that was easy.

Oh my God.

I'm so glad I came here.

Yeah.

Felicia, what do you want?

I want you to bring back web video.

Well, that I...

You guys, we can.

We can.

Definitely.

If you vote for me, web videos are all anybody's going to be watching.

Yeah!

You got my vote.

Who can you?

Janet, what do you want?

I want you to rename everyone's firstborn Janet.

Oh, boy.

This is going to be a hard one.

And I mean everyone.

Okay.

If you vote for me, everyone's firstborn will be named Janet.

Ahh.

I guess you got my vote.

Oh, I know.

Oh, man.

Okay.

So this came as Scott.

What did you want?

Yeah, Scott.

Gosh, well I guess...

Wait a minute everyone.

We haven't asked what Scott wants.

You know what?

In all the viewers...

You know what I want?

I want people to wonder what I want.

Oh, it's...

Oh, I do want this show to ask people questions.

It's not true.

You'll just look around and you'll realize it's been here all the long.

Yeah.

So do you promise me that?

Yes.

If I vote for you what?

If I...

You vote for me.

You can be confused on the tent.

Who do you want to vote for?

Mary-Lisa?

You know what?

This is already seeming like a lot of pressure this job.

Oh yeah, you're getting a lot of campaign promises.

I'm missing the Nut Store already.

What do you miss the most?

Mary-Lisa, do you miss the Macadamia?

No, I miss the almonds.

This might come as a surprise.

But a Brazil nut once in a while.

Really?

Oh, great for the thyroid.

It can be...

Oh, it's very true.

I've got a lot of certain vitamins that I've got.

A certain vitamin.

I don't know.

I don't know, Mary-Lisa.

I feel like you missed the Nut Store.

I don't know if politics is for you.

But I'll tell you what, Magna over here is looking for a rival magician.

Okay.

Please.

I can't believe I didn't think of this.

Why?

Because you're smarter than me?

Because I love putting chocolate and peanut butter together, Scott.

I'm horny again.

You know, every job I've ever done, I really excel that.

You know that, Scott, right?

Yeah.

It didn't really necessarily get that from your previous term.

Everything.

I mean, tasting jizz, I'm amazing at...

Chugging.

Yeah, this Nut Store, it only shot because of COVID, not because no one came in or I wouldn't tell anybody where it was.

Right, yeah.

This governor thing seemed like I just couldn't take the stress.

But this magic thing?

It's a go, I'm in.

Yes.

Wow.

Yes.

All right, step one, you need to pick a name.

Okay.

And try to make it redundant.

Like it's two words and the same thing.

Like Mary Lisa.

Okay.

Yes, Mary Lisa.

Okay.

Are there any Mary Lisa's in magic right now?

I mean, let me check.

No.

Is that an app you just checked?

Yeah, I feel like you just looked up into the left.

No, I went on...

Do you have a microchip in your head?

I was looking...

Did Bill Gates put that in?

Did Bill Glasses, did you think he looked up?

He did.

Oh my God.

Miracles happen when you least expect them.

I'm feeling inspired already by having a rival.

Wow.

My problem has been solved.

Your eyeballs have 30% more radius activity.

This is great.

And just so everybody knows, I was...

I did get a microchip implanted in my head.

I was searching IMDB, which is Internet Magician Database.

Oh, okay.

Because the Internet is just a database.

Of course it is.

Okay, so there's no Mary Lisa.

Okay, and what kind of magic do you want to practice?

I want to do super up close.

Like literally the person's face should be touching my face.

Okay.

And you have had constant COVID.

Yeah, 100%.

Okay.

I'm hoping if it's a woman, their boobs are touching my boobs.

Yeah.

Okay.

You want them upside down like you're 69?

Oh, that's a good idea.

Although I am more of a weight, your turn type person.

When it comes to a 69.

Thank you.

You don't like simultaneous.

No!

I like personal, like you're enjoying it, and then I'm enjoying it.

Okay, so you like an 11?

Exactly.

Just one on top of the other.

Exactly.

15, which are the six plus nine.

Okay.

That's the Mary Lisa way.

Okay, so, but that's not going to be part of your act.

No, but if I was running for governor, a hundred...

I would a hundred...

Oh, yeah.

Every governor has a way.

I would have banned 69ing.

Wow.

I'm not even a popular thing.

I don't know.

I don't think so.

It's the one number that people high five when they say it.

I want to have...

Who is out there still 69ing, really?

What do you think about it?

Who has time?

That's...

Although it does save me time.

It's actually a thing all the time.

Yeah, I don't know.

I don't know.

Okay.

So what kind of magic are you going to do?

Are you going to guess cards?

Are you going to crush bird cages?

I don't think any of this guessing thing is for me.

Okay.

Because I don't want to offend people.

Oh, okay.

That's fair.

People get really mad when I guess wrong.

Oh, it's when you guess wrong.

Yeah.

You had to guess mine.

What would you say?

Guess 23 years old.

Oh, well, all right.

I like her already.

She is a politician.

Oh.

But I guess I would do mainly card tricks.

Card tricks.

You know what you pick up a card?

Yes.

I love what people do that.

Like Lou Ferrigno style.

Oh, look at that.

This is awesome.

Awesome.

Also keep in mind that the person is pressed up against my mom.

Yeah.

So they can't even really see it.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I think this would be very popular.

That's great.

I would see this at the magic castle.

Oh, I mean, guy lives in up a car while I'm pressed up against.

You know what I walked in here down in the dumps being like, I've lost my business.

Then I was running for governor and now I'm a magician.

And you're probably going to die super soon.

Yeah.

Because that's what happens to his rifle.

If you're lucky.

Yeah.

Hey, if I haven't died from long, long, long COVID, then nothing's going to kill you.

I hope you never die.

I'm willing to say that.

Thank you, Scott.

And what about the rest of us?

I'll say that for everyone.

I hope none of you ever dies.

I hope the five people that are in this room are immortal and we'll see each other at the end of time whenever the earth blows up.

I mean, there's, I mean, what about, I mean, I know he's not in the room.

He's not in the room.

So he doesn't count.

No.

But our body's going to age and it's just our immortal souls that wolf survives because we become like raising people.

I know.

I've stopped at about 23.

My body has an age.

So I, you know, I don't know about the rest of you.

Just sleeping, standing up help.

Yeah, it definitely does.

Yeah, of course.

It's a soup diet.

Although when the earth blows up, I do think that we would still be alive.

That's the problem because we would be unkillable.

So we'd be floating in space.

But, you know, I mean, I mean, then eventually we get really bored.

Yeah.

And then we maybe land somewhere else after we went on a voyage to the stars.

Wow.

Season three.

Yeah, season three.

Wow.

We're not in plugs yet though.

Oh, I'm sorry.

That was the prestige.

The prestige.

All right.

All right, guys.

Well, we are running out of time and it is time for everyone's favorite feature on the show.

It's time for a little something called plugs.

Uh, gazza.

Oh, yeah.

That was plugs to touch the sky by face toast.

Face toast.

Thank you to face toast for that wonderful plug theme.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging?

Jan and Felicia, do you want to take your plug separately or do you want to do them together?

We can do a simul plug.

A simul plug?

A 69 plug?

Has a simul plug ever occurred before on the show?

You know what?

This will be a first.

All right.

This is great because I think I'm actually also supposed to plug something else.

So you will say that I'll add with me.

So I will say voyage to the braving the elements.

Having another podcast I do about Avatar the Last Airbender.

And Felicia Days web videos from Death AIDS.

This is not working.

I don't like this.

Let's take them separately.

Okay.

And you can plug as it, Felicia, you can plug everything.

You can plug anything you want.

I love all plugs equally.

They're like children.

Okay.

And when we're in the plugs section of the show, I love all plugs.

And they all be named Janet.

They all be right.

Okay.

Well, I'll just plug Voyage of the Stars Season 3.

It's very funny.

We have a lot of joviality.

She knows how to sell this thing.

And we take tea at full.

I'm feeling awkward.

I also do a lot of stuff on the internet.

No more videos, but I stream on video games.

Do you promise you'll never make another video?

I mean, I can't promise that, but I don't want to.

They're going to come back around.

It's not.

But then I'll be old.

You know, in my day, we get doing that voice.

I love this voice.

I love it.

I love it all.

I love it.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's going to be great.

I think things go back and forth as like now everyone's doing a podcast.

The internet videos will come back.

I'm actually doing a newsletter, which I like writing.

Like a sub stack or something like that.

Like a sub stack thing.

Yeah.

Just for fun.

And it's great.

Yeah.

Because I get to be alone doing it.

And that's what I prefer.

Interesting.

Where can people get this?

I'm going to be in the chat.

Hear love.
