♪♪♪ Shower me in rubies and I'll braid all your pubies.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

No, no, whatever I guess doesn't like it.

Thank you to Call Waiting for Godot for that catchphrase submission.

And it was a submission.

I don't have to necessarily accept it.

It's just a submission.

We're here to discuss it.

You know what I mean?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

I'm your host, of course.

And this is America's podcast, or sorry, Humanities podcast, of course.

I don't want to limit it to America.

And the show where we talk to interesting people and today is no exception coming up a little later.

We have a background artist.

That is a fancy way of saying extra because I guess they didn't like being called extras because that implies that they're, I mean, they're additional.

What about additionals?

We should call them additionals.

But a background artist is the current politically correct term and we will be calling him that.

We also have a conversation facilitator and a singer.

What an incredible show today.

Plus, I mean, our first guests.

And I want to get to them because it is their second time on the show collectively.

I believe one of them has been on the show.

Maybe this is your third time.

Okay.

But collectively they have been on the show once before about a year ago.

They are the stars of the.

Where were we?

I mean, that's a, I mean, it's a part, I mean, because it's a star.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's true.

Trek move.

Good show.

Star Trek.

Lower.

Star Trek.

The name.

What's your, I'll get there.

You could have also said they are the tracks.

They're the stars.

Yeah.

We were the stars of the animated program set in the Star Trek universe in the seven year 20.

2380.

Approximately around when Nemesis came out, I guess.

About a year after Nemesis.

I talked to them last year about it in season two is premiering this Friday on Paramount Plus.

Please welcome back to the show.

Tawny Newsome and Jack Quay.

Hello.

Hi.

Now Scott, enjoy our show.

I do.

You've told us this.

I'm not a private, not just for a podcast.

I told it to you in private and I wish you wouldn't blow up my spot like that.

Sorry.

You tell me something in private.

I am a leaky faucet.

I'm going to tell the world.

Now, do you believe it's canon?

Yeah, I do.

How dare you.

What?

What do you mean?

You're supposed to argue and say that it's not.

Oh, who's Trek fans argue about?

What is it?

They think it's not a canon canonical show.

Yeah.

Yeah, they're like, what would they draw this?

No, this doesn't, this isn't real.

But the animated series is in canon, right?

I hope the one from the sixes.

You don't consider that canon.

I'm a real Trek fan.

So you don't consider your own show canon?

I didn't say that.

I'll say it.

I'll be pretty.

I'm a real fan.

I'm going to just shit on our show on this podcast.

Wait, but it's got Riker and in Troy.

What's her name?

Troy?

Yeah.

It was she was that movie Troy about her?

Yes.

Was there a movie called Troy?

Yeah.

It's about Maria Pissartis in the Trojan War.

Oh, got it.

Yeah.

But it's got those guys in it.

And they let her wear pants in that because they did.

Half of the next generation, the woman's in an asymmetrical ball gown.

I know.

We are getting way too in the weeds for casual Star Trek fans.

But I think the last time that we talked to you guys, I had only seen possibly the three episodes that they sent to me.

And then since then I have watched all of them.

And then I've also, Tawny, you know, because you and your co-host on the Star Trek podcast, whatever it's called, Paula Tumpkins and I are on an email chain where we, Paul and I are catching up on older shows and you of course know them all really well.

I know quite a bit.

I know less about, you're watching Voyager, which was a Star Trek show that came out in the 90s.

And I know less about that one because I haven't seen.

Although when I mentioned an episode, you immediately rode back with the title.

So I mean, you know exactly like.

I know a little bit.

Now, yes, insipid.

That is so good.

Well, now Scott, I have a question for you.

Why did you start that thread as an email thread?

This is the only email thread I'm online.

Yeah, I don't know.

Well, I think because it was three paragraphs, I started with three paragraphs and that's weird to text that much.

But it doesn't stop me.

Yeah, I know.

I text a lot.

Would you prefer I switched everything?

I took pictures of the emails and then started a text.

I think it would feel more immediate.

It's on text.

Every time I get an email from you, I think it's a business opportunity.

I have a ton of those for you.

And so far it's just been talking about the start.

Yeah, there's a business opportunity for you.

Put me in your Star Trek show.

I mean, come on, we did it for Paul.

It's true.

So I have caught up with your show and season two is about to premiere on Friday.

And I have watched the end of season one and I don't want to spoil exactly what because I think a lot of people maybe could catch up to it.

But the end of season one, you guys, basically in season one, you guys are on.

Let's go even more macro.

Let's talk about the goddamn premise of the show.

Let's start there.

Star Trek Lower Decks is about what?

Ensigns on a ship, whereas previous Star Trek shows mostly focus on captains and bridge officers.

These are the scrappy underdogs.

And there can only be so many bridge officers.

Like there's thousands of people on these ships.

And it's always focusing on these weird eight people who are like, you know, hanging out with each other.

Yeah, usually when you see the other people on the ship, they're just getting sucked out of the ship into like the vacuum of space while someone else is screaming to the bridge crew.

Yeah, everyone's getting sucked out into space.

You guys got to do something up there.

This is a show about those people who don't die.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

It's well, you got to hook them in.

So you guys on the show are best of friends.

You play, I forget your name and your name is something like boiler.

You know what?

Nailed it.

Honestly, that was pretty good.

Because I've seen some, I've seen some Star Trek.

I watched these a year ago.

I know.

Even Jonathan Frakes who played Riker, he came back and did a voice on our show.

He calls you Bumbler.

Bumbler, yeah.

Which they kept, which I really liked.

They just kept it in the re- I really liked because that's what, you know, a lot of people, I've seen a lot.

I've seen every mispronunciation under the sun.

It's a hard name to say.

What is it?

It's Boimler.

Boimler.

But some people say Boimly Air or like Boimier.

Boimier.

Boiler comes up a lot.

Oh my God.

I've heard Boiler.

I've heard him all.

Boiler.

I've heard Bueller.

Yeah, no, but it is, for the record it is Boimler.

Is Boimler and who are you again?

I'm playing Sombekit Mariner.

And Sombekit Mariner, of course.

What a wonderful name.

And you guys are the best of friends in the show.

But in the final episode something happens, which tears you a sunder.

Things tears a sunder.

We're best of friends, but also it's a very odd couple kind of annoying relationship where I torment and haze his character.

I say I'm his mentor.

I'm more like his permanent bully.

But a loving bully.

That's true.

The way I always describe it is it's two people who are best friends who will not admit that they're best friends.

They need each other.

They love each other, but they just will not admit that to each other.

Well, in the final, see, I don't want to spoil everything.

But in the final scene, you're kind of cavalier about your relationship.

Yeah, Bueller pulls a pretty big dick move at the end of that.

He pulls not a big dick move, but it's a large space, space, space.

He's got dick move.

B.D. energy.

Yeah, he's got.

He's got Boimler.

One more thing you can tell you about Boiler.

B.D. energy out of any character in fiction.

I was going to say, in Star Trek, you're saying fiction.

No, no, no, no.

Boimler's got the biggest.

What a nonfiction.

How's he stack up?

Nonfiction.

He's still up there.

He's up there with Abraham Lincoln.

Whoa, that's your top.

That's your top.

You know why?

You have that big hat.

Yeah.

He's got big hat energy.

B.H. energy.

It's where you kept it.

That's where you kept it.

So, yeah, that's our show.

The first season's fun.

You can watch on Paramount Plus if you want.

But what happens in the second season?

Tell me everything.

Okay.

He goes to work on someone else's ship.

Yeah.

You learn that in the first season.

Right.

That happens for a while.

That happens.

Then a different thing happens.

A different way to different thing happens?

I can say this because it was in the trailer.

Tendi gets turned into a scorpion.

That's true.

Whoa.

Space scorpion or just a regular scorpion?

You're going to have to find out.

Yeah, that we can't tell you.

Yeah.

Another CBB fave Carl Tarte.

Yeah, I saw he was in it.

I'm very excited.

He's playing one of my favorite alien races that came that was in an episode of the next generation called a Temerian that has never come back.

We've never seen people again.

What were the Temerians again?

So, the Temerians is this episode called Darmog and I'm not going to get two in the wheat.

So, don't touch your don't you don't.

Don't fast forward.

Don't press your car right now.

Don't press your car.

Sometimes plus 30 depending on the app.

So, these you know in Star Trek everyone can understand each other through these translators, right?

Yeah, everyone in the world and where they were they put.

Are they in the ears?

In the comb, badge on the little badge on their shirt.

Okay, I always thought they were like implanted somewhere.

I mean maybe because they can.

I thought they were in the ears maybe because it was I feel like I saw a Voyager episode where they were all upset at the like they go back to earth and they're in there and they look like pounding their heads and everyone thinks that's come.

So, you know more than I do now.

Oh, this is incredible.

Damn.

The master has become the student.

Wait, you're the master?

I'm the DJ.

Okay.

You're the record on.

So, these race of people they it was very cool.

So, they had one episode where Picard lands on this planet and he can't talk to this guy.

And he's like, wait, wait a minute.

He speaks in these metaphors.

Oh, he speaks in metaphors.

Yeah, where they're like Jujaj goes to space.

Right.

And that means like a great journey.

So, there are these reference based things if you don't know their culture you don't know what they're talking about which I thought was such a cool linguistic thing.

So, now we have Carl Tarte playing one of those.

Playing one of them.

Which is an amazing vocal performance pairing with like heightened language metaphors.

It is perfect.

Oh, wow.

I never want it to end.

Is he in one episode or?

I think I can say he's in multiple episodes.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

He's there.

This show is I mean, I'm really impressed with it.

It's got great writing and great animation.

It's a lot like I don't know.

It's like Rick and Morty in space.

Although I guess that's already in space.

Yeah, but it's like optimistic Rick and Morty.

So, our creator Mike McMan was a writer on Rick and Morty.

I think he was head writer for a while.

He wrote one of my very favorite episodes of that show End of Television.

Pickle Rick?

It's not Pickle Rick Jessica.

That one's great.

But it's called Total Rick's All.

It's the Soy Sauce one.

It's the one where all these, the parasites implant themselves in the memories of the family.

And it's so good.

I don't know.

That's cool.

It's so good.

I've never seen anything.

So he created this show and it's, I mean, it's very funny, but it's got hard, but it's also weird and got crazy animation.

And it's Star Trek.

Yeah.

And fucking Rikers in it.

Yeah, fucking Riker.

Fucking trolls.

We call him fucking Riker in the show too.

Yeah, fucking Rikers here.

Yeah, just to let everybody know this, this, your granddad Star Trek.

They're actually high to him if he's around.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You know?

Yeah.

Like he's great, your grandfather.

Yeah, he's awesome.

Yeah, I mean, like definitely bring him in to watch the show.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He probably like it.

He will.

I mean, fucking Rikers in it.

Rikers in it.

So I mean, like he probably is more for him.

Honestly, guys, just disregard everything I said.

Just tell your grandfather to watch it.

Oh my God, I'm such a piece of shit.

I just said I'm really, I'm really, really.

You're all right.

I'm really failing.

No, you're doing good.

No, we're advertising it good.

We're doing, no.

You're doing well.

Don't worry.

It's a cartoon that moves.

I'm just doing horrible.

I'm just kind of messing this up.

I need to hear you.

What?

Oh, take them off.

I'm such a, okay, I'll take, I really quick.

I'll just take the headphones off.

Okay, God Jack really sucks at this.

I can hear you in the room.

I'm in the room.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I've got to go around this.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, God.

There's a funny thing about people not liking that our show swears so much that I think is funny because.

Because they don't swear in Star Trek.

See, that's the thing like, okay, battle.

They don't.

But battle.

Well, I guess they never did in the original series and did.

They did.

They would say damn it.

They said hell in the 60s.

That was swearing.

Man, you don't get much more out of bounds than damn it in hell.

I mean, damning something to hell is pretty bad.

That's pretty bad.

That's really bad.

Because imagine if it really happened.

Imagine if you were to say like damn you to hell with someone and then they had to go to hell when they died.

That would suck.

That would be bad.

It would be illegal to say it, I bet.

I bet it would be illegal.

I bet you'd have to go to hell if you said it.

Yeah, wait.

So then everybody's just going to hell all the time.

I guess everyone could.

I guess if you're already going to hell because you've told someone damn you to hell.

Yeah.

Then you tell everyone.

They need to go run it to the street.

Damn you to hell.

I'm already going to.

Damn you to hell.

Yeah.

I mean, the swearing is funny.

I think so.

Who cares.

Exactly.

That's perfect.

You know, adult animated comedy out there.

Yeah.

That's the first anime comedy.

It's really good.

It's not all bleeps, you know.

Yeah.

It's really good.

People should watch it.

Uh, catch up.

There's only 10 episodes in the first season and then they come out weekly.

Is that right?

Or a couple of come out or something?

Yeah.

You'll figure it out.

You know what guys, if you can't figure it out, maybe it's not for you.

Like if it don't feel bad, but you just don't have to.

I mean honestly, if you can't figure out how to work a computer, then you probably are not interested in Star Trek.

It'll probably go over your head.

Bring your, and I don't want to fuck this up.

Because we're always talking to the computers.

No, you're not going to know what they're talking to.

You're going to be like, why are you talking to this thing?

I can't work.

Bring your granddad in.

He'll know how to fix the computer.

Yes.

And he'll, and he'll enjoy the show and you just pat him on the head and you walk out of the room and take a walk outside or something.

Yeah.

Go outside and let your grandfather watch our show.

Yes.

There we go.

This is your grandfather's show.

Jack's doing really good now.

What happened?

Jack put your headphones on the corner.

Okay.

Oh.

Jack, you're doing really good.

You're doing really good Jack.

Oh my God.

Thank God.

Oh, good.

All right.

That's enough.

Mike McMahon was going to shank me if I fucked this up.

That's enough Star Trek talk.

Okay.

Jack, what's up with the boys?

When's it coming back?

I don't know, man.

We're in the middle of shooting our third season.

Yeah.

But when it's coming back, no one knows.

Give me the date.

I guess.

We want another date.

That's what everybody keeps asking me on Twitter and I'm like, I don't know.

Yeah.

But you can't tell people on Twitter, but you're in an interview situation now so you can tell.

Just like, I don't know.

I don't know.

Like we're in the middle of shooting it, but they still got to edit that and there's all these superpowers.

How hard is it to edit things?

It's like, oh, cut to this, cut to that.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't know.

That's what I say every day is say in the middle of takes, well, you know, I know they're going to see me later.

I go, Hey, editors, come on.

Speed this up.

Jack, and no judgment.

Is the reason it's taking so long because you take too long doing your costume changes?

Are you like that dude, the star of murder one who would be late every day just because you have to take a dump in the morning?

Yeah.

Daniel Binsali.

You know what?

A show that is murder one this year.

Wait, hold on.

Explain.

We've talked about it on this show before.

The star, the bald star of murder one, a crime show back in the 90s, thousands, whatever.

He would be late every single day for an hour and he would say, I'm sorry, but I have to take my morning dump.

And people would say, well, get up an hour earlier.

You fucking lunatic.

It's like not how the body works.

Scott, I don't know how you called out my one big secret in one guess.

But yeah.

Ben Zali.

Yeah, I'm a Ben Zali.

I'm a regular Ben Zali and you know, the show is delayed because of my dumps and so you know, every episode is like one hour late.

Yeah, essentially.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

Actually, I don't come into the episode until an hour, an hour into the episode, which you know, all the episodes are about like 40 minutes to an hour.

So really you're just getting like maybe one line out of me per episode is the season.

And it's usually about your dump and the quality of it.

Sorry, I had to take a big dump and then midway through the word dump, it just cuts to credits.

Yeah.

I guess that's more at the beginning, credits of CSI.

Yeah.

Well, it's weird.

The end of our show this season has a different structure to it.

Wait, it goes backwards to CSI?

It's just the end of each episode is just me coming in talking about a dump and then who comes out.

Yeah.

Boom.

I'm either putting on or taking off sunglasses when I'm talking about games.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's good.

All right.

Well, come back whenever that's coming back or what?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

All right.

You'll be the first to know.

Will I be the first?

I would like you to break some news on this show for once because every time every time I've got you, it's like four days before your show premieres.

Yeah.

And I go, Hey, when's the boys coming back?

You're like, Oh, that's exactly how I say it every time.

Yeah.

So like talk to the creator and talk to Amazon and all those people and get permission to break the news of when it's the premiere date here on the show.

Yeah.

Great.

I'll talk to them too.

If you want easy, easy, easy, easy.

Not a deadline break.

Not a big bang, bang, break.

It's exactly.

All right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest if that's all right, but Star Trek lower decks comes out this Thursday, I believe.

Is that right?

Is the 12th, whenever the 12th is.

What day is August 12th?

I mean, very soon this week, I'll tell you that much.

I can't open my phone because I can't get a facial recognition because this mic is in front of me.

It's in the way.

Yeah.

It's not going on.

Hold on.

I have a face.

Bragg.

I know.

I know it's a whole thing.

The 12th is Thursday.

Thursday.

Yes.

So to the out this Thursday, check it out.

Very funny show.

We need to get to our next guest.

He is a background artist.

Now you guys, you don't deal with background artists on your show because they are literally drawn by background artists.

And maybe that's what he is.

Maybe he's a guy who draws all the backgrounds on your show or something or maybe he's just an extra or an additional.

We'll talk to him about that.

But please welcome to the show for the first time, I believe, Daryl, who.

Hey, it is my first time on the show.

It's great to be here.

I mean, I don't know why I said that.

It is great to be here though.

Sometimes you get an energy from somebody.

I meant to say it's great to have you, but I said, I just said what you said.

It's great to be here.

It feels great.

It's great to be here.

For me, I know it feels great for you.

Something of that mic, you have a very slight voice.

I'd love for you to just like.

Well, I'm used to not being allowed to talk.

I'm used to being told to be quiet, if anything.

So if I come across as quiet, that's something.

It's an interesting thing about being a background artist.

You're already to the interesting thing about being a background artist.

So, I'm going to introduce you to these guys.

I'm guessing that bullshit.

I just want to cut right to it.

I mean, if you don't mind, let's cut right into it.

Well, this is just.

This is Tani.

I know if you want to make sure that the other characters coming have enough material.

If you're jumping right to it.

Yeah.

I mean, we're probably going to draw them out a little bit.

Guys, give them a chance, okay?

I can take some.

I can appreciate a no-nonsense background artist.

Please.

He's not used to talking, so you're.

I'm not used to talking, and I'm not the interesting thing about being a background artist is you're not allowed to talk, but you're still expected to perform.

And you can get very specific direction about how to perform, and I'm used to doing that.

So if you want me to drag things out, I can do that.

I would love for you to calm down a little bit.

You seem very nervous.

I always feel excited just to be part of this business.

And I have for years and years and years and years.

I took a stand-up comedy class in the early 1980s, and I was hooked.

Hooked on the business.

In the early 1980s.

Wow.

Early 1980s.

Yeah, what year were we talking?

1980.

That's the earliest one.

Yeah.

Wait, was it January 1st?

It was January 1st of 1980.

Wow.

That's normally a national holiday.

Well, normally it is, but this was in.

So Bruce Springsteen played the night before out there in, where did he play?

Oh, look at me.

New Hampshire.

How about Portsmouth, New Hampshire?

I can't remember exactly where his big New Year's Eve show was, but then.

I think at the garden.

New Hampshire.

So you play it again.

I can't remember, but he was talking about how scary it was that Ronald Reagan was just elected.

And then January 1st, what did you do the night before?

What did you do for New Year's Eve?

I was at a white elephant party.

And I actually won the certificate for the stand-up comedy class.

That was the top prize or that was the white elephant?

Well, to me it was the top prize because look where it's led.

So I took that class immediately in the morning.

It's morning.

Wait, so how does a white elephant New Year's Eve party work?

Is there like a countdown part of it or?

This was just my friend and I and we had two weeks brought a gift.

It's just you and your friend?

And what did you bring?

I brought a jackknife.

So a white elephant party?

That's a little dangerous.

Well, it was, I mean, at the time I was young and I didn't know about.

Oh, you were young.

How old are you, by the way?

Because the early 80s, you must have been...

I'm 63 years young.

63 years young, okay.

So you do the math?

I will, yeah.

You were born in, it seems like 1958 or so.

Right around there.

Yeah, so you were like 20 in your early 20s in 1980.

And as a background artist though, I don't talk about my age and I don't...

Because I like to blend in regardless if I'm on the set of Rushmore playing a young schoolboy.

You were playing a young schoolboy in Rushmore?

I was like 98.

Yeah, you would have been.

You would have been in your early 30s.

We're supposed to do the math, right?

Okay, yeah, early 30s.

You'd be late 30s.

Yeah, late 30s.

Yeah, yeah.

And, or I could be, you know...

And it's not like you're a slight man.

I mean, yeah, you're...

I mean, so it's not like I could mistake you for a young child from the back even.

Well, I wasn't...

Turn around, turn around, would you?

Damn.

Whoa.

Yeah, that's my...

Cool.

That's my biggest part.

It's my biggest part.

It's my ass on you.

Thank you.

Yeah, I caught my...

I don't say that to every guest, but...

You definitely said...

You definitely said what it's...

What's that pronounced?

That is a very specific part of my body and it does stop me from getting some roles.

I can only...

What does it help you get other roles?

It helps me.

The roles I'm gonna get are their mine.

I can tell.

I don't remember watching Rushmore and seeing a big-ass 30-year-old school child.

Watch it again, man.

Well, that's the point when you're a background artist, you're supposed to blend in.

So if you did notice me, guess what?

I was doing my job.

Oh, yeah, you were.

Can I ask you a question?

What's the worst job you've done blending in?

Did you do something where you stood out?

I did a...

Did you mess up?

I did a McDonald's commercial in the late 2009...

No, it was late 2010.

It was 2016 then?

January 1st of 2011.

Okay.

I'm in my 50s and I was supposed to be playing part of a family.

But they already had a father.

Well, that's what they didn't tell me.

They said just be part of the family.

They just gave you direction.

They said go over there and be part of the family.

It's like Olive Garden.

Olive Garden never tells you which part of the family you are.

No, no.

And I said which part...

I kept yelling and what you're...

And so there was already a dad.

And there was a dad and mother.

There were a bunch of kids.

And then you were around the same age as the dad?

I was older than him.

So I assume maybe I'm the grandfather.

But they said the director I remember was not...

He wasn't into what I was doing.

Was he saying don't be the grandfather?

Well, he was saying don't be the grandfather, don't be older than the father.

Be younger than the father but older than the kids.

And I was like I don't know...

Could you be like...

Were you supposed to be like an uncle or like a cousin?

No, because I remember there were four uncles there.

Oh, what?

He said don't go near the uncles because we already have the uncle that's covered.

This is a big family for a commercial.

Well, like taking them two tables, three tables?

No, it was packed.

It was packed.

It was a standing room only.

Usually when they film a McDonald's commercial they like it to seem like it's a comfortable place and not just pack jam packs with it.

I don't know what happened.

I don't think this aired.

I don't think it aired.

But we don't get paid residuals of course.

So I never even checked to see if something airs at that point.

You never even turn on your TV to just see if anything's ever going to air or are you?

No, not normally.

I won't turn on my TV to see if something airs.

Occasionally somebody will be like I saw you in Rushmore.

Yes.

Then you didn't do your job if they saw you.

Well, they're looking for me.

Oh, okay.

Oh, if you're like you'll never be able to watch Rushmore again without seeing me.

I promise.

Oh, yeah.

Have you ever just tried like in order to cover the sizable backside that you have?

Have you ever tried...

I don't know, tying a sweatshirt around your waist or something.

Or a three sweatshirt.

That is big.

That will...

I've tried to figure out ways to hide it.

So sometimes if I'm on set and they're like, okay, you are going to be a dog walker and they'll say bring your dog and then you can get a bump.

So I'll go...

Meaning you get paid extra if you bring your own clothes or your own pants or...

Don't you your own car.

We don't use the term extra.

We're background brands.

No, I said you get paid extra.

You don't even like that word at all.

Oh, wow.

Then what do you say and you just say bump?

So if I need to...

Yeah, do you ever watch the competitor to access Hollywood?

Yeah.

What do you call it?

I won't watch it.

I know it.

Okay, you don't know it.

What if I need a shirt bigger than a large?

What size do I get?

Yeah, some more large.

Some more large.

Oh, okay.

More large.

Have you ever watched that Ricky Gervais show about his...

That character's time in the film?

I won't watch that.

Okay.

That hits you close to home.

Okay.

Yeah.

It's a way of respecting our background art.

What is it?

We are too.

I mentioned that the other day.

I think that's the other day.

That was 13 minutes ago.

You're both experiencing time in a nonlinear fashion, I think.

Additional doesn't...

I think I would throw a whirl on my way here.

No.

Additional doesn't bother me for some reason.

Additional doesn't bother you.

What about surplus persons?

That sounds a little military filler.

Filler.

Filler?

Do you like being called filler?

Filler definitely sounds a little abusive.

What about no looksies?

No looksies is something we used to be called, actually.

A really?

Between being called the E-word and going to background artists.

So this was like around Wizard of Oz days or something like that?

This was...

It was actually during Wizard of Oz.

Just during the filming of that?

Or during that?

Yeah, that's when that happened.

They were called looksies on set.

But somewhere in the middle of shooting Wizard of Oz, the looksies decide they weren't comfortable with that term and background artists.

But they still kept Munchkins.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, interesting.

I have no problem with that.

You have no problem with Caunton.

Really, even if they weren't portraying Munchkins?

No, and I've had horrible experiences.

Okay, we don't want to talk about those necessarily.

Okay, and I won't.

Whatever happened with the McDonald's thing, by the way?

So, here's what gets crazy.

There was a star in the McDonald's.

You know how sometimes they bring in somebody to kind of lead the commercial and be a spokesperson?

Well, you know, Justin Timberlake guy, he wrote that song that ba-da-ba-ba, I believe.

Did he?

Yeah, I'm loving it.

Oh, this wasn't that.

This wasn't that.

This wasn't that time.

Can you say who the star was?

It was Owen Wilson.

Oh my God.

It was Owen Wilson.

I'm not sure.

I was like, get.

Yup.

From TV's Loki?

Mm-hmm.

Wow.

Okay.

For Rushmore as well.

He was mad at me.

He co-wrote Rushmore.

Yeah.

Well, I've tried and they tell us not to talk to the stars, but sometimes if you haven't, that's an interesting thing about being a background artist.

Sometimes you have opportunities to talk to the stars.

I'm like, that's a interesting thing.

And I walked up past him.

We can cut that other stuff that we were.

Yeah, we just cut out.

Cut everything before that out.

Mm-hmm.

Okay, great.

I'm used to that, by the way.

I'm used to that.

So, I don't take offense to being cut out.

So what happened with Owen Wilson?

Owen Wilson had, well, he said, and he had this look on his face that it was like, he doesn't belong.

Yeah.

Towards me.

Oh, yeah.

He was pointing towards me with this look.

And I knew he was thinking that.

Was he pointing with his fingers as well or just the look?

He was pointing with his look mostly, but his fingers were definitely pointing.

So, Loki, you know, he has a broken nose, so maybe you just thought he was looking, you know, I mean.

I think his nose is beautiful.

Is pointed.

I'm sorry, wait.

The broken nose would lead him to believe his direction was different.

I mean, he's saying he's pointing at you with his look.

Oh, he's also used his fingers.

So I knew that he was really pointing at me, but his look definitely.

And his voice also told me what he was thinking.

Or his toes pointed at you.

I remember they were.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

And what was he saying?

And do an Owen Wilson if you can.

This is my best Owen Wilson that I can do.

And I've worked with him several times.

In fact, I've worked with him every time.

What do you mean by every time?

The only time I've been.

One set is on Owen Wilson Productions.

And he still says you don't belong?

Well, no, he's he hates it because when he sees me, he's like, oh, no.

And he is that your best.

Oh, no.

Oh, wow.

Wow.

Yeah, not good.

Wow.

Oh, man.

Jack, let's hear your best.

Owen Wilson.

Wow.

You're pretty good, Johnny.

Right?

That's pretty good.

Oh, wow.

Even better, I think.

Oh, no.

You can't do it.

I've worked with him a lot.

You should know it.

But he will have me.

Now he always has me removed.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

But what happened on the McDonald's set?

On the McDonald's commercial, he looked at me and he called the director over.

And I remember who it's whispering except it was loud and I could hear it.

Yeah.

And we've all we've covered this part of the story extensively.

I would love to get to the next part.

So I see him and he's pointing at me and he says, yeah, no, we've talked about all that.

Can we put him in the back?

And the director was like, I don't remember if he said but or ask, but he said, I think his ass is too big.

Right.

He's probably not going to fit anywhere except for where he is right now.

Because I remember I was almost hooked around a corner.

Oh, yeah.

Have they taken a table out to make room for you or?

Several tables out.

Oh, wow.

Somehow my ass had gotten locked in a window.

A lot.

And so they'd opened a window for you.

You'd stuck it out there and then unfortunately they closed the window and it was.

And then they tracked in the supply.

And then the ass was spilling out to the outside and then they closed it and it remained there.

Yeah.

And you're not feeling back there?

How could you know?

I mean, I know I knew it was out.

I knew it was out and I could feel it.

And I knew it was one of those moments where I go, darn it.

I'm going to get embarrassed.

My ass is locked in a window.

It was one of those moments.

And I honestly, I put my hands up just like this and I said, Owen, I don't know what to do.

Okay.

And then do what did he do?

He say, wow.

And he went, wow.

Okay.

He went, wow.

And then they, it was a big thing, but it took a couple days.

A couple days.

So were you fired though?

I was immediately let go.

But I could leave.

I could leave because I was locked in the window.

Right.

They brought in a, well, first they called paramedics because they thought I was hurt.

And the paramedics were like, we can't, I remember them saying that they had a conversation in front of me.

They were like, we can't get them out of this window.

You should have called the fire department.

Right.

Where was there talking about breaking down one of the walls?

I mean, I'm assuming this is a functioning McDonald's as well.

No, this was a set.

Oh, that they had built.

Yeah.

Wait, can they just tear it down?

Yeah.

They eventually had to.

They removed pieces of the wall, but ice to this day, I still have pieces of the window.

Oh, let me check that out.

Oh, yeah.

Wow.

It's a frame.

Wow.

No, no, sorry.

I'm sorry.

Anyway, so I've worked with Owen a lot.

I've tried to talk to you.

Were you on Loki and did you get thrown off?

Is that?

Yeah.

What, what, what were you supposed to be?

Were you one of the timekeepers or?

I was just, I was man walking.

Okay.

Yeah.

And I knew right away it wasn't going to work out.

You showed up and he was like, was he like, wow, that's the guy from Dallas.

Wow.

He said, wow.

Wow.

And I, he said, wow.

And I was supposed to be walking.

There's a little entrance.

Into the TVA?

Yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

There's an entrance.

And I was like, can, does anybody care if we remove the desk?

Cause I, I won't fit.

I won't fit by it.

And he said, yeah, we care.

That's the set.

Yeah.

I mean, that he was sitting at the desk.

Yeah.

And I, and I said, okay, well, then it's not going to work out.

Oh.

And he, I remember him saying like, yeah.

Did you see Eugene there?

Eugene from Lower Dressing.

Yeah.

He was part of the Loki show.

He was very nice to me.

He was cool.

He was very nice to me.

He, he gave me some, like pointers on how to maybe like sneak in a line here and there.

Oh, you're not supposed to do this.

I've had this experience on TV shows that I made occasionally where a, a background.

A background artist will be saying a line hoping that they'll get a bomb constantly.

Yeah, do you?

And it is never worked.

And I always use the same line.

It seems like you get fired and you do everything wrong.

I don't, you know, it's gone.

I would be lying if I didn't say it's gone downhill.

Pretty consistent.

Since Rushmore.

What is the line you tried to sneak in on?

I always try to sneak in the same line.

What's the line?

Hey, where is everybody?

I have a question.

It could fit in almost any movie.

I have a question.

Are you ever liked when you say these lines?

No, but I just find a principle and I do it right to their chest.

You just put your chest right into their chest where the lav mic is and you say, hey, where is everybody?

But if you're in a crowded room, I guess it could still make sense because like you're looking for specific people that are in there.

That's, that's right.

Like we're always like.

Maybe next time shout it to the sky because chances are there may be a boom mic.

That's a great, you know, above you.

Thank you for giving me earnest advice.

I wouldn't recommend you do any of the things you're saying to me.

But I'll give it a shot.

You have to.

Hey, but hey, where is everybody?

Because then somebody has to answer.

Yeah.

If you can get somebody to answer, it starts a conversation and it's, it's all right.

And everyone gets to see your series regularly.

Yeah.

It hasn't, it hasn't worked yet.

You could join the boys.

Like they're, you can't.

You can't.

No, I don't.

I mean, it's not an Owen Wilson project unfortunately.

I would rather you guys lock down Owen Wilson first.

You can be in it, right?

He could play.

Yeah, you could, we'd love to have him.

He's great.

He's really great.

But if he's fired you several times though, it's more than that.

Yeah.

More than several.

Oh my God.

Every time.

If having Owen means he comes with Darren though is that okay?

Is that what the, is that a package?

I think it's a package deal.

Darryl, Darryl, who?

Darryl, who?

Mm hmm.

Yes.

And, and, sorry, is your last name, is that your real last name or is that to basically start a conversation within a scene as well?

That's right.

Like Darryl, who and then you, you know, like you said.

And then hopefully they catch it on camera.

Yeah, that is my sad name.

Okay.

Yeah.

My actual name is Darryl, who is it?

I can see why you would want to change that.

Yeah, definitely.

Tell us about your stand of comedy days.

Well, I, that kind of got me hooked into the idea of performance.

Was it just one class?

It was one class.

It was a one off.

Um, and...

Did you come up with jokes or what?

What, what do they teach you in one day?

It's hard to remember everything.

It was so early in the morning.

What, what time was it?

What time was it?

It was 7 a.m.

Oh, damn.

Wow.

And your friend gave you this.

And it was packed.

You would think that like it would not be a full class, but it was packed.

Okay.

And I was not the best in the class.

Who was the best?

Uh, I remember George Carlin was in that class.

Really?

And he blew up.

That class!

Before 15 years after he was famous.

Wow.

Yeah.

But he was, yeah, I remember we all had to go around and introduce ourselves.

And he was like, just trying to stay sharp.

And I was like, I respected that.

Damn.

I respected that.

And I, I tried to, in my introduction, sell him with a good joke.

And he, he looked at me and just kind of showed me that.

Well, where is everybody?

I said, I was like, uh, so my name's Daryl, who, and, um, have you guys ever wondered, like, what's the difference between jeans and khakis?

And everybody kind of said, is this a joke?

It's a part of the class.

I said, well, jeans are for the weekends.

Where?

Okay.

Yeah.

That's just a, that's more of a fact.

I knew I nailed the setup.

I knew I nailed the setup and that the, the pace of it was okay.

Yeah.

And our coach told me, uh, it just doesn't, it doesn't work.

It wasn't funny.

And I understood that.

Did you say anything like you're embarrassing me in front of George Carlin?

He said, who, who told you, and I remember he, he stammered because it was confusing to him.

He said, who would, who would you say?

He kept saying your name though.

Who, who, who?

I mean, and I was like, what?

What?

And he was like, who, who, who told you this would be a good fit.

Mm hmm.

And did you say something like that's what I said when I got these khakis?

No, that's so good.

Oh, okay.

I mean, we got to take this class together.

No, but this is why I got hooked on background artists, artists straight because you figured out you, you are not good saying things.

I'm not good with talking or, or coming up with jokes or even horrible reading lines in a script.

Right.

You hear like facial expressions and looks.

Yeah.

Let's see some of these.

Sure.

Like give me an emotion.

Give me direction and I can do it.

Where is everybody?

Okay.

Yeah, I don't know.

Yeah.

But did it kind of like, if you're shocked at the absence of everybody, I'd have to, this doesn't totally work because I'd have to be alone in the room.

Right.

And I should switch that up to be like, where is most people?

Like a waiter brings you your food and it's perfect.

You're so excited to eat.

Can I return this?

What?

Can I return this?

I'm not interested in food.

Why am I at the restaurant?

Okay, fine.

The waiter brings you food and you don't like it.

Yeah.

Is this your lines you're saying?

Yeah.

So I do like it or don't like it.

Now the waiter brings it and it's not what you ordered.

You don't want it.

Oh.

Oh, can I get an extra fork?

I have three friends.

Who's that getting a fork?

Nothing you're saying is applicable.

I also, to the situation, were you alone in the room?

Were you alone in the restaurant or were you, I guess you have three friends coming?

Well, no, I was just saying it was a, that's just an extra fact about me.

It's just that you have three friends.

That wasn't part of the line.

Oh, okay.

That was sometimes you're out of character.

I'm just bragging a little bit.

You do a lot of preparation work for this where you think about, oh, I'm going to have three friends coming or is that just off the top of your head?

No, I just made that up.

Who are your, so that's a real fact value is that you have three friends.

What's their deal?

Well, they're just, I guess they're gardeners if that's what you mean.

That's a detail.

I don't know if we have time to follow.

I don't know.

I just, I wanted to know what they did and I guess all three of them are gardeners.

I'm coming up hard on a break here and this sounds like a big part of his story.

I'm opening a lot there.

Yeah.

It's like kind of worms.

My three friends are gardeners.

Why is it?

We don't need any more info.

Okay.

No, and I was named gardener or their occupation as a gardener.

Oh, no, they're, they're, that's their job.

Both?

No, all three of them.

Right.

No, I know.

I guess I meant both their names are gardeners and they're, they specialize in bush bushes or bushes, not bush.

See, that was kind of fine.

What you just said.

How?

I mean, because boy, do you want to explain it or?

I mentioned pubes earlier in the show.

Yeah.

Tony loved it.

And it's a lot.

Thomas is a, is, is another way of saying pubes.

Oh, I didn't know that.

You didn't know that you're a 63 year old man.

You didn't know you've never heard the term bush before?

No, never heard that term.

Okay.

Interesting.

But on stage, I've heard like, um, twat.

Oh, God.

Whoa.

We are coming up really hard on a break.

Is that what it is?

No, he's, I mean, yeah, sorry.

Is it bush or twat?

Well, I, I, okay.

Look, we're, we're, we're running out of time.

We can't get into the gardener stuff.

Uh, but, uh, look, can you stick around, Daryl?

I'd love to.

Okay.

Because, uh, coming after the after this, we have a conversation facilitator.

That'll be interesting.

And I, I think maybe she could help you with.

I hope so.

Yeah.

I would really, I, I, we could use it because I don't know what to ask you anymore.

I mean, uh, we're going to come right back.

We'll have, oh, and Tony, you have to go, right?

I have to leave.

Okay.

Bye.

Um, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Bye.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

Uh, Jack Quaid is here from, uh, Star Trek, Laura Dex this Thursday.

He has a face he mentioned earlier.

I do.

Yeah.

My phone, uh, my phone saw it and, and, uh, yeah.

Yeah.

You got one of those faces that opens up a phone.

Yeah.

It's amazing.

All right.

Uh, the boys also at some point he claims to not know, although I feel like he's given me the run around here.

He obviously knows like what month.

You know, it's down to the things I don't know.

Okay.

It's a lot, not, not just, uh, limited to the show.

Written nonfiction.

No, I just, uh, nonfiction and fiction.

A lot of stuff I just do not know.

Enders game never read it.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Don't bother.

There you go.

Um, we also have Daryl who formerly Daryl who is it.

Yep.

You'd already changed your name by the time you took the stand up class.

Yes.

Okay.

I don't want to follow up on that.

I've never seen any of this work.

I've never read Enders game and I've never read Tom Sawyer.

I'm in the dark.

Everyone has a conversation.

Everyone has a three-shout-something that is no way problematic.

The food is not problematic.

I guess that broadcaster was broadcasting the Olympics and when the Italian team was introduced, he put a picture of pizza.

Food could be problematic in context.

Not in context.

You're allowed to eat.

You should be allowed to eat food from other races.

You can't do your hair.

You can't do your hair in braids.

You can't eat food.

Give me the Stella.

I'd love to talk to your husband.

You hate me?

Her methods are unorthodox, but they work.

I'd love to talk to him.

Can you stick around?

I'll hang around.

Jack, you have to go.

I have to go.

Jack's famous dumps.

I'm going to go.

When we come back, we'll have a singer.

I hope you are into music.

We are back.

We have Daryl.

Hi.

How's it going?

I have to.

It makes it easier for me to commit.

If you feel like you have to do so, I don't like to get up in the morning or work.

I say I have to just get out of bed in general.

Would you just stay in bed all day if you could?

It's much easier.

My bed is a horrible contraption.

It's a dirty bed.

It folds down.

Is that a Murphy bed?

Yeah.

This is a Murphy bed, I guess.

I have to fit my ass.

We have to get to our next guest.

I don't love it, but I'll listen to it.

Is there a genre you do like?

Share.

How about you?

How about you, Bill?

Send me on my way with some.

No, you cry.

Any other song?

What do you build me up?

You ever see something about Mary?

Is that one Wilson in that?

I don't want it.

Very interesting.

He's never been on the show before, but please welcome to the show, Thurl Raven's Crop.

You're a mean one, acumen.

You have spiders in your butt.

Wow.

You have all the tender sweetness of the spiders in your butt, acumen.

Given the choice between you and I, poops sandwich.

Oh, that was very insulting.

That was rude.

I guess I'm for your applause.

I'm pressured into clapping by you guys.

I don't know.

He knows a lot about you.

Those aren't facts about me.

He's making all these out.

I always research my musical roasts, Scott Ockermann.

God, Thurl Raven's Crop.

What a deep voice you have.

You're doing sort of a parody of the Grinch song.

Oh, no, no, no.

That is the song that I sing.

Oh, so that is me in the cartoon, yes.

You were the original singer of the new one, Mr. Grinch song?

Yes, yes, I was, Scott.

You may also know my work from the Haunted Mansion Ride at Disneyland.

Oh, there's always my way out.

Oh, yes.

There's always my way out.

Oh, yes.

There's always my way out.

Oh, yes.

There's always my way out.

Oh, my goodness.

That's how you feel.

Is this room getting larger?

Oh, my God.

Thank you.

I do it for the attention.

Whoa.

That's why I say it's something noble, but you still attention?

Yeah, it doesn't.

No, I don't hide it.

I like being looked at and listened to.

Oh, okay.

You like being looked at?

Okay.

Yes.

Get what a twirl.

Oh, beautiful.

Oh, that's not the most agile twirl I've ever seen, but...

It hurts.

Tiny little rear end.

Yes.

Well, I mean, it's actually pretty big compared to ours.

I just say that usually to everybody.

Okay.

Um, Thurl, what an interesting name Thurl Ravenscraft.

And you're a real guy in your tank.

Thurlium.

Thurlium, yes.

Is that on the periodic table or?

Um, I believe so.

Yes, it's what most couches are made of.

Oh, okay.

No couches were a mineral element.

Mm-hmm.

They're their own thing.

I have a Murphy couch.

Oh, now does it stay?

Do you put it up and it comes down?

No, it's just always there.

Then that's it to catch my thing.

Okay, all right.

Thank you.

Um, so Thurl, you, I mean, it seemed like you were working a lot in the, what, the 60s?

Yes, but I've been working a lot today, mostly...

You've been working a lot today?

Yes, mostly with Cameos.

Oh, okay.

They have Cameo.

Yeah.

Is that that company that won't leave me alone?

Yeah, they want you to do it.

You'll make a lot of money.

They told me to tell you that you'll make a lot of money.

You're a love money.

Is everything about money with you?

Oh, sorry.

You hate me.

You just want to live a noble life.

Do a podcast for free?

Well...

So you do, but you do it.

You do Cameos?

I do Cameos.

Most people want me to roast their friends with the Grinch song.

Wow.

It's actually why I'm here today.

Uh, uh, Tawny Newsom, the guest that left quite some time ago asked me to come here and talk about the spiders in your butch.

Oh, she paid you to roast Scott?

Yes, she did.

Tana, Tana, I did it happily because I love the attention.

What a genius at a cool lady who is wealthy.

Yeah, how much did she pay you?

She paid me $1 million.

That's hard.

Wow, she must be liquid as hell.

She's got like five TV shows.

She's got five TV shows.

She's definitely not making scale for some of them.

Beautiful, talented, all of the things.

And flush with cash.

Two things a woman can be.

Beautiful and talented.

And flush with cash is the third.

That's true.

Um, so you do Cameos so like Daryl could hire you.

Good.

Yeah, if I would love how much do you charge?

$1 million.

Wow.

Can any of us get a break on that?

Oh, no, no, no.

This voice was in the Haunted Mansion ride at Disneyland.

I have a quote.

I guess if you get one cameo, you got a million dollars.

So that's, I mean, you know, maybe we could trade Cameos because I'm also on Cameo.

Oh, really?

That's a good idea.

Um, I have not, I have not been hired.

How much do you charge?

I, uh, it's free.

It's free.

So anyone could get one right now?

Sure.

So it's just Daryl who won Cameo and you'll say your catchphrase?

I'll say my catchphrase or I'll also roast.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Well, who do you want to, do you want to roast someone right now?

I'd love to hear you roast someone.

Sure.

If you, if, uh, I mean, okay.

That's what you were leading up to.

We've heard, we've heard, we've heard, uh, we've heard Furl's roasting of me with the spiders in the button.

I got you.

Yeah.

My roast would be something like, um, hi, uh, Scott, your, your friend told me that, uh, you're, it's a special day for you.

So I just wanted to tell you to, uh, go fuck yourself.

Well, okay.

Wow.

If I may give you some tips and tricks of the trip.

I'm always willing to do it.

But that, that's, that's as far as I can, that's as far as my mind goes to, in terms of roasting.

I'm probably not as, uh, clever.

Yeah.

It's pretty basic.

Yeah.

But Thurl, you, I mean, you came with the song.

Yes.

If you, if you compare, let's say you say, uh, the, the framework is given the choice between you.

Okay.

And then say something terrible, like a poor sandwich or.

That's the worst thing you can see, sick crocodile.

Given the choice between you and a long walk where I don't get to drink water for, for, uh, a couple of hours and then a man pulls up to me in a weird car and says, who are you?

And I go, I'm just, I'm going to walk, leave me alone.

And he goes, he goes, no, I don't trust you.

I'm calling somebody.

I'm calling the choice between those two things.

I'd take the long walk where I'm walking and man pulls up to me.

No, we get it.

We remember it.

Who's the man?

Is it a police officer?

No, the, it's just a rando.

Just a, he's just a, you know, a neighbor?

Or does he live in the area or is he just passing through?

He'd just be like a guy who probably owns a bunch of dogs and, and he, he probably like, uh, you know, paid, he probably always did pay his taxes.

How many dogs is a bunch?

At least, I mean, I guess at least like three, uh, between three, I have to say.

Give him the choice between three dogs and a man.

No, it has to be about the person you're roasting.

Oh, it's a given the choice between three dogs.

Why is that bad?

Hmm.

It's not.

I think that that's one of the redeeming qualities of this man who pulls up next to you.

He had at least three dogs.

He has a lot of questions.

What, what's, what's.

I feel like you're bad at this.

What's wrong with him?

He had, uh, I only know he had three dogs because in the back seat, there's a vet bill.

Um, and it says, here's how much you hope for the work on your three dogs.

Let's try this.

Um, I wouldn't touch you with, uh, and then, and then put a large amount, large distance, large distance.

So I usually say 29 and a half foot pole.

So I'd say I wouldn't touch you with a, uh, with a piece of string that I took from my mother's cabinet and it, when you let it, when you tie it together with a bunch of other strings, it reaches all the way from our front yard over to my neighbor, uh, Jason's yard and Jason hates that string and he says, get it out of, don't, why do you, why do you bring your string over here?

And I'm like, well, it's part of the, a roast and I'm trying to see how long it goes.

And he says, you're not welcome in my yard.

Leave it.

Leave to get out of here.

This is kind of meta.

Wow.

And is this one of your three friends?

The layer of the roast.

Jason is one of the gardeners.

Yeah.

He has a lot of strings on his yard.

But not anymore.

We're not as close because of the whole string issue.

Yeah.

Huh.

What do you think?

I mean, uh, he's not charging anything.

This is all for free.

So I guess you get what you didn't pay for.

Yeah.

I, I, that's off to you, I guess.

Thank you.

Yes.

Yeah.

I hope, I'm sure I'll get better at it.

I need practice.

Just shorten it and have a horn section at the end that goes, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

And you'll be fine.

I'll try.

I could try to show you.

Do you have a friend who plays horns or, I mean, I know your friends are gardeners, but maybe they mean it.

Most of mine are Trumpetias.

I have, I'm my cousin, Dickie plays, uh, really?

Cousin Dickie plays the, is it called a tuba?

Yeah.

Oh, if, if what you're thinking of is a tuba, it's like small and no.

No, no, no.

Definitely not then.

Long and black.

No.

You don't want it.

That's a clarinet.

Oh, you don't play a dildo?

That's a clarinet.

He, he blows and it doesn't make a ton of noise.

But he puts his lips around it.

He puts just, and he says, get out of my room.

It's definitely a dildo.

That's my private.

Okay.

This is a, your friend does not play a horn.

That's my cousin, Dickie.

Okay.

Oh, wow.

You know, is he your friend?

Uh, just a cousin.

And you live with him or you're just going over to his house and entering his room?

Constantly.

Okay.

Where does he live?

Does he live near you or is he like several states over?

No, he lives in the same state.

We both, we both live in Portsmouth, New Hampshire.

Oh, okay.

And how do you work living in Portsmouth, New Hampshire?

I mean, how do you work all these?

I can only tell you it costs a ton of money.

Yeah.

I'm going back and forth.

You should touch for the cabbie of them.

I, well, as soon as I get to charge something.

Yeah.

But I can't, I, nobody's even taking the cammie as when they're free.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't know if this applying demand curve is like, yeah.

I mean, if you, maybe, maybe you could give people money to do cammios.

Oh, give me, give me money.

And I'll do you a cammios.

Do you have any money on you?

I, I could do that.

I could offer.

They're all teach me.

And I'll do your cammios for you.

There we are.

That is a fair trade.

Yeah.

Bill of Beth, do you want to try to do a cammie?

Go ahead and roast me.

I could go a cammio.

Give me a song to parody and I'll roast you with the song.

How about carry on my wayward son?

Okay.

I do that one all the time.

Oh, you'll be able to tell me if it's good.

Yes.

And I'll harmonize with you on the don't you cry.

Don't you cry.

What if I say different words there?

I'll figure out what you're saying.

Okay.

Scott, yeah.

Scott, you have a microphone.

And it doesn't want to be in your home because it doesn't like your voice.

Your eyes are dry no more.

I have a dry.

Okay.

How did that go?

Did I roast you?

It seemed focused on my microphone.

Oh, okay.

Well, that's what's in front of your face.

I roast whatever's in front of your face.

Oh, okay.

Well, I mean, I wish our previous guest was here.

Jack Waitie has a face.

Oh, does he?

Yeah.

And then you get a recipe.

I've heard he does.

But let me just say this.

That was delightful.

Wow.

You are almost as beautiful, talented and flush with cash as Tony knew some.

Wow.

I mean, and this guy get or at least got paid once $1 million dollars.

Yes.

That's all you need.

I mean, does anyone ever paid you more?

I, or other than talking about $1 million dollars.

She paid me $1 million dollars.

Um, Steve Jobs when he was alive.

Wow.

He paid me $1 million dollars.

Pre-caleo.

Wait, who was Steve Jobs?

He was trying to roast Bill Gates.

Oh, of course.

Of course.

And did I ever?

Do you have that one?

Do you remember that?

Sure.

Of course I do.

You're a asshole.

Wow.

You're a asshole.

Bill Gates.

Start out hot.

You have spiders in your butt.

Oh, God.

Go on returning to the wells.

You have all the shut up.

You have all the tender sweetness of a spider in your butt.

Okay.

Bill Gates.

I'm just going to get a glimpse into the processing.

I wouldn't touch you with that.

We just heard how this one was done.

59 and a quarter foot pool.

That's longer.

That is $1 million dollars, bitches.

Wow.

That's really good.

Thoroughly on baby.

So you have two million in the bank?

At least.

At least?

Yes.

You have spent any of them?

A lot of billionaires pay me to roast their billionaire friends.

Oh, nice.

You got to burn baby.

Wow.

That's pretty impressive.

I mean, you know, if I were Thoroughly Raven's Croft, I would probably, you know, be a millionaire as well too.

Yeah, there's lots of billionaires to roast.

Unfortunately, I'm just a podcaster who refuses to go on Cameo.

And you refuse to take money for this podcast.

You just do it for free.

Yes.

You only do it for the attention.

No, I do it for charity.

That is a noble, a noble feat just to do it for attention.

Wow.

Well, Thoroughly, I mean, you're such an interesting guy.

I mean, you know, honestly, you're also a strange looking guy.

Yes.

I've never seen you a picture of you or...

A lot of people are shocked when they see me, but it's usually on Cameo.

So it's not a, you know, face-to-face interaction.

Yeah, exactly.

I have exactly what's going on with your...

Well, my mustache spans the room.

Yeah, it's very wide.

Yes.

It's almost as big as that man's ass.

So you have to turn sideways to walk into a McDonald's and does it ever get caught in a window?

It very much does.

Windows are, I can relate to you with that friend.

Why didn't you bring that up to Bill Gates about the windows?

Listen, you know, Windows 95.

He updated the software and it worked out, but regular windows.

No, no, no, no.

They are the bane of my existence.

Have you ever tried using a surface?

No, I should give that a try.

They're delightfully intuitive.

Wow.

Thank you.

I can tell because everyone in every TV show uses them.

They sponsor all my podcast appearances.

Wow.

Good for you.

Thanks so much.

That's my little side hustle.

Sure, of course.

Yeah.

I'm sure you bing instead of Google.

Oh, I beg everything.

You want to know something big it.

Big it, everybody.

Yeah.

How tall you are, bing, how much?

Oh, Tony, is net worth.

Exactly.

Well, it's minus a million as of today, unfortunately.

But it still says flush with cash.

Let's update comedian net worth to on Tony.

It's just a million.

Well, guys, we're, I mean, thorough, wonderful to have you.

You're mustache.

I mean, does that help you with your deep voice?

Yes, it does.

The shorter it gets, the higher my voice gets.

It's like a Samson kind of.

It just kind of weighs my whole face down, which means, which really activates certain receptors in the head.

You might have cut off a little bit of it though.

I'm dying to cut off some of this.

It does need a trim.

I mean, even.

All right, let me start with this.

All right, yeah, just snip it off the go to that corner of the room.

Oh, hey.

Oh, too much, too much, too much.

I'm sorry.

Can I paste it back?

I'm so sorry.

Can I paste it back?

I'm so sorry.

You ruined my livelihood.

One end of it is still really, really long.

Okay, well, I mean, I need it.

That's what I tell the ladies as well.

You know what, I'm gonna get that on your end offer all simple people.

The only dogs will be able to hear my voice.

I'm so sorry, thorough.

I didn't mean to fuck this up.

I'm just sitting back on right now.

Okay, here we go.

I was just, yes, there you go.

There you go.

Thank you so much.

Wow.

Listen to this majesty.

Why does that work?

That was a close call.

It's an exact science.

It's a gravity-based vocal thing.

Mmm.

Receptors in the head.

Have you ever thought about doing voice over?

Throwing a um?

Well, I was the voice of Tony the Tiger in the Frosted Flakes ad.

Say it.

For quite a while.

You gotta say it.

They're great.

Yeah.

Oh.

Yeah.

They're great, just like spiders in your butt.

Wow, you're still right.

Say where is everybody?

All right, here.

Prepare yourselves.

Where is everybody?

Wow.

That was really good.

I bumped you to an under five.

Many have.

Many have bumped me to a million.

Where is everybody?

Darryl, are you tapped hardly yet?

Are you tapped hardly?

I need one more voucher.

Okay.

That's as many as you need.

It's all they want.

Hold on, I might have a voucher hidden in my mustache.

Give me one second.

Let me un-paste that.

Yeah, it is.

Okay.

Okay, here it is.

There you go.

Here you are.

Thank you.

This is very gift of the Magi where one person loses something to give a gift.

Yeah, so he's got a high voice, but now you have a...

But now I have a voucher and now that I'm going to be walling my way to...

You shoot in Canada, right?

Who?

Yeah, who?

That's his name.

Yeah, of course.

Oh, forgive me.

Who is it?

Oh, you mean...

You mean Jack Queen?

No, no, no, no, no.

I meant you.

I...

Well, you shoot...

I'm based in Canada.

You shoot all your cabbios in Canada, right?

I'm based in Toronto.

I flew here for this.

You just fly up there to do cammios, right?

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

I fly up...

No, I live in Los Angeles and I'm based in Toronto.

That's where I film the cammios.

I would love to offer myself to do some background work on your cammios.

And maybe you could eventually help me join SAG officially with my TAF Heartly voucher that I will come full to.

I gave you one just now.

So he helped you a lot, I guess.

He was hit it in my mustache.

Why are you still asking him for help?

That's how he got it.

Listen, listen, if you can...

I can.

Okay.

If you can just stow away your ass in my guest bathroom up in Toronto.

Depending on the size of the bathroom.

It is ginormous.

Who's in the guest bedroom?

The guest bedroom is for my cat, Lily.

Okay.

So the cat's not using the bathroom.

So it's a...

Cats can't use the bathroom.

Yeah.

I feel like you're inviting me to stay with you.

At least your ass.

Well, I would have...

I mean, clearly, I have to come with my ass.

Listen, I was a young 60-year-old actor once who needed a break.

How old are you?

Yeah, he's been working for a long time.

I've been working for quite some time.

I'm...

105.

Yes, yes, yes.

I don't like to give it away.

Wow.

But that is my age.

It's...

It's obvious.

I'm 19.

Nobody asked.

You're 19.

You're married.

19.

Yeah.

Kids are both infants.

You're just a baby.

Your baby's having babies.

Look, I am a grown woman.

I own a house.

I have an Emmy.

Sure.

I mean, you're very accomplished for 19 years old.

What are you going to do in your next 19?

Oh, man.

You...

Just you wait.

I'm going to start the next pandemic.

Oh, no.

Oh, my God.

Well, look.

Dream big.

Guys, we're running out of time here.

Unfortunately, Thurl, it's great to have you on the show.

It's great to be here.

Sorry about cutting your mustache.

Pack your bags, Darryl.

You're coming with me.

I have no belongings.

Good.

But you have to wrap that ass in it.

Wrap the ass, Darryl.

Don't you?

I will wrap my ass.

I will come as well, but no one invited me.

Okay.

Great.

I'll be there too.

Great.

But we are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

That's a little something called plugs.

It's time for plugs.

We're done.

It's time for plugs.

What?

It's time for plugs.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Oh, okay.

Nice.

Short and sweet.

That was acapella time clutch cluster chunk by Elling Lean.

Thank you so much.

That was hard to say all of that, but I pulled it off.

Thanks to Elling Lean for that.

And guys, what are we plugging?

Obviously, Darryl who, you must have a ton to plug.

I mean, just I challenge you to look through all the Owen Wilson Library.

Take the Darryl who challenge.

If you can find me, I haven't done my job.

But you will find me.

Look for the big old rear, especially in Rushmore in a couple of those school scenes.

And check me out on Cameo.

I would love it's Darryl who on Cameo.

Maybe people can't find you.

Is there a question mark after the Owen who?

There's more question mark, but there are 10 O's.

Oh, wow.

I had no idea.

It's Dutch.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Are they the O's with the little slash in the three of them or zeros?

Oh, seven.

There's like a Wi-Fi password.

It does it.

Yeah, it's not easy.

But if you can find me, I would be more than willing to give you a free Cameo.

Okay.

Great.

Hit me up, I guess.

Is that what they say?

All right.

Wonderful.

Billabeth, what do you want to plug?

I started watching a show called The Darryl Glower Decks.

It's on Paramount Plus.

It's out August 12th.

Yeah, you're the target audience for that.

You're 19.

I'm 19.

I love jokes.

I love sci-fi and I love cool people.

You love things that are a little off-kilter.

They're a little like, yeah, really like, hey, mom and dad.

It's not your grandpa's show.

Although he loved it.

Just straight up say fuck you.

Yeah, would your grandpa like this show?

He's no longer alive.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Was it due to...

He jumped off the cliff.

Okay.

It was his joy.

Yeah.

So, you know.

Brave.

Thank you.

Brave of him.

But if someone showed it to him like on an iPad as he was falling down, I bet he'd be like, oh, cool.

I wish I were not falling right now because I could watch the end.

Yup.

Thurl Raven's Croft.

What do you want to plug?

Well, first and foremost, my cameos.

Of course.

Yeah.

If you have a spare mill.

You have a spare mill, which a select few do.

And I should probably also advertise that Darryl will be in the background of my cameos doing his own free cameos.

I'm very excited about this.

So is that two for what?

Two for one cameo.

Wow.

Okay.

And of course, I would like to plug the show, which stars the beautiful talented rich, Tawny Newsome that would be...

She would be her agent, Jesus.

That would be Star Trek, Lower Dicks.

It's out August 12th and some dumbass show I saw on Amazon about superheroes and dicks.

Do you know where it comes on?

I know that it comes out on, I would say, September 18th.

Wow.

What are you, Incredible Source?

2035.

You're roasting us right now.

I know I hear production is very much hampered by Jack quade's supple dumps.

Oh, that's supple.

All right.

Well, I want to plug, well, you know, our other podcast, Three-dom.

That's with Lauren Lakus and Paula of Tompkins and myself.

That comes out on Thursdays.

You can check that out and...

Can I tell you, I recently took a long road trip and I binged Three-dom.

Very long time.

Oh, okay.

And it made me feel insane.

Okay.

That's how I feel being on it.

I felt like I was with you and also in outer space.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Lock the gates.

♪♪ ♪ Open up the comedy genius ♪ ♪ Open up the primordial monsters ♪ ♪ Open up psychosomatic symptoms ♪ ♪ Open up the mental anxiety ♪ ♪ Hey, don't... ♪ Hey, hey, don't freak out.

♪ Mess around with... ♪ Most of it is in your head.

♪ Mess around, don't mess around your neck ♪ You know, like, look.

♪ Mess around, don't mess around, don't relax ♪ ♪ Don't mess around, don't mess around, don't mess around ♪ Seriously, nothing fucking matters.

Do you understand?

♪ Don't mess around, don't mess around ♪ Fuck them.

All right.

That was WTF Plugs by Kenwa Phoenix.

Thank you so much.

A little mashup of Mark Marin's theme, I believe, and our own plug theme.

I love all these remixes.

Thank you so much for sending them.

Keep them coming.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

I wish our original guests were here, but...

That's rude when they leave.

It is rude when they leave.

I hate that.

I feel mad.

Yeah, I do.

Especially when people do it for real.

I would just have it a few times.

But I do want to thank those of you who stuck around.

Darryl who always great to...

I don't even know what I'm saying.

Always great to have.

You never met him.

Thank you.

He was great to be here.

Great to be here.

His mind's godly off of him.

I'm so sorry.

Thoroughly Raven's Croft.

You know, what more needs to be said.

Nothing.

Absolutely nothing.

Nothing at all.

I'll cut your mustache if you want.

Don't you dare.

Okay, great.

It is my livelihood.

All right.

And Billabeth.

What's up?

19 years old.

Welcome.

Nice to meet you.

Thanks for having me.

Is this where we start the conversation?

No, we're done with it.

I'm so confused.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
