♪♪♪ The linguine is fine, but for a few dollars more, you can have spaghetti western.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Naked Laser Lemonade.

Oh, I like all three of those things.

Lasers? Lemonade's? And Naked.

Wow, doing both of those things.

Lasers and I got doing a laser.

I'm not quite sure. I guess doing laser tag?

Sure. Oh, man, that was fun.

My laser tag years.

Oh, boy, from like approximately 2012 to 2019.

My laser tag years.

Cut short by, of course, the novel coronavirus.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

For another edition, my name is Scott Ockermann.

We have a wonderful show coming up.

Later, we have a broadcaster, another broadcaster, a fellow broadcaster, I should say, and he is a fellow, so that works out.

We also have a cartographer, map maker for you, idiots who don't know what that means.

I can certainly dumb it down for you, but speaking of dummy it down, our first guest.

He is...

She's an actress of notes.

She has a...

She's in movies, she's in television shows, and she's also a fellow podcaster now, perhaps coming for me nipping at my heels on wanting to get up there on Mount Podmore.

Her new podcast is all about the menstruation cycles of women, humans, I guess, called period talks.

Please welcome back to the show, Gilly and Jacobs.

Oh, Scotty Scott Scott.

I hope that next to your mouth, what do you say?

No.

No, I ask you to do it.

No.

Welcome back to the show.

Thank you for having me.

Yeah, what's this period talks?

What is this?

Last time you were on the show, you were talking about this Dynamite podcast called If Then, and you had your friend, Deanna, on?

Deanna, in my co-host, yes.

Oh, she was...

Why didn't you bring her?

She's so fun.

Too good for you.

I get it.

Meaning she didn't feel that way.

You just thought that she was too good for me and decided not to bring her to the room.

We recorded earlier today.

I mentioned that I was coming here and she said, oh, send them my love.

But...

No jealousy.

No, I wouldn't.

I think once was enough.

Really?

No, she's...

I don't know.

Why didn't you invite her?

I didn't know I was allowed to invite other guests.

Well, yes.

All are welcome here.

What?

You can't swim.

You can't have brought anyone any time you've been on the show.

If I had known that, I would have brought you.

You have a plus three every single time.

What?

I do.

What character?

I should read the fine print.

You've slipped into this 50s or 40s character.

What?

Hello?

What?

I do.

This is Ricardo.

I will get the bill.

Yes, I have a podcast.

What happened to that old podcast?

Because that seemed fun.

That seemed like it was a good idea.

But it poof, it went away?

It went away and now it has returned with a new name, Periodic Talks.

Oh, Periodic Talks.

I'm sorry.

Why did I write down Period?

Did you really write me?

I really did.

I guess I forgot to hear it.

I thought that was just a bit.

No bit.

99% of the stupid things I say on the show are not a bit, I have to say.

Yeah, what happened is...

It's called Periodic Talks.

Periodic Talks.

It's the same show, though?

It's the same show.

What happened?

I can't talk about that.

Really?

Is this a desist?

No.

We decided to change the name.

I don't know.

We thought, why not confuse our listeners?

Right.

With the name of another podcast?

Yeah.

I mean, do you really like this podcast or you kind of like this podcast?

A lot of people don't do that.

Whenever they say, hey, I came up with a name for my podcast, they go, it's this.

And I go, well, have you checked to see if there's 80 other podcasts with that name?

And they never do.

You had to change it.

I see.

I don't like that.

I don't like when a podcast gets going.

It's doing really well.

People know it.

And then suddenly midway through, they changed their name.

It's poor planning.

It's shoddy.

It really is.

Oh, I thought this used to be called comedy death, right?

Uh oh.

Goodbye.

Forget about that one.

I'll get the bill.

But that's still going.

Still going.

Deanna is your co-host and you talk to, is it still?

It's a steam people, right?

Yes.

The premise remains the same.

It's just a brand new name.

Okay.

So every, from basically the top down, it's all the same.

It's all the same.

But the little alfalfa sticking up on the hair, that's changed.

That's the only thing that has changed.

Okay.

Or from the toes, the toes have changed.

Think about it.

Everything angles up.

The nail polish on the toes has changed, but everything else has remained the same.

Okay.

Wonderful.

So we're going to be able to do the title of the show on the show.

At the beginning of the show and at the end of the show when we do the credits.

When you do the credits, is this like Marvel, by the way, where you do like fun little scenes in the middle of the credits where like, you know, Julia Louis Dreyfus comes in and is like, Gillian, I'm recruiting you.

Yeah.

We, yes.

Yes, it is.

You want to be in those Marvel movies?

Sure.

Who would you play?

Are you up for Sue Storm?

In the Fantastic Four.

I don't think so.

Really?

You should do that.

Okay.

I am Sue Storm.

Meaning I like to not see you.

The Invisible Woman.

Why is her name Sue Storm if she's the Invisible Woman?

I don't know what you mean.

You think, you think her Christian name should be Sue Invisible?

Yes.

Okay.

That's a good point.

I mean, he is Mr. Fantastic.

Does he have another name?

Read Richards, of course.

Oh.

I've already forgotten.

I've tried to do that.

I know.

You were working with the Marvel universe for a while with that Marvel documentary.

And then...

I don't think they'd written the Fantastic Four.

The only Fantastic Four character I dealt with on that was their son who was part of...

Franklin Richards, of course.

Franklin.

He was part of Power Pack.

Exactly.

Thank you.

So he was the only one.

They, like, the parents were always off somewhere in space far, far away.

I sort of left him there.

Right.

And that's why he was hanging out with the kids of Power Pack.

So I didn't bother to learn about the parents.

And your documentary wasn't about kids in the Marvel universe.

It was about female creators in the Marvel universe.

And I believe weazy Simon's.

Yes.

And she wrote Power Pack.

Exactly.

I did not watch it, though.

Well, I don't care.

Do you get paid either way if I watch it or don't?

Probably I got that.

Yeah.

Yeah, probably.

I mean, I don't have Scott Ochreman clause in my contract yet.

Okay.

You should enact one because I think that's very important.

Would you ever lie for me and said you watched something so I got...

Try me out.

I'm a very good liar.

Try that.

Hey, Scott, have you ever listened to periodic talks or...

Sharian talks as you thought I was going to...

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

I believed you.

Okay.

Good.

Hey, have you ever watched Love also starring your good friend Paul Russ?

Oh, God.

Yeah.

Good show.

No, I love that show, of course.

You know.

A great show.

Gone too soon.

I'd love to see their divorce after...

Is that what you think happened to?

What were their names again?

It was Gus and...

Juicy.

Yep.

Why do I know his name and not your name?

What was it?

Hmm.

Maybe look inward for that answer.

Mickey, like Mickey Mouse?

Oh, that's right.

Mickey.

She had a boy's name because she was cool.

Yeah.

Super cool.

I didn't give a shit.

Yep.

I don't care, man.

That was a great show.

If people, you know, it's still up there as far as I know.

Netflix, they've only taken a few things down.

Yes.

We've remained.

You have remained up.

They started taking stuff down though.

I've worried about it.

Really their own shows?

Their own shows.

They said like stuff they've made.

Uh oh.

Please, please go stream Love and Fear Street.

Oh, what a great segue.

Oh, let's talk about that.

Let's talk about that.

Let's lay up.

Thank you for that.

Because it's on Netflix.

So if you have to explain the segue, it's not a great segue.

But Fear Street, you are in these Fear Street trilogy movies, which just came out about a month ago on Netflix.

Three separate, their horror films.

They're interconnected, Scott.

Oh.

Oh, yeah.

It's three films that all take place in these towns of Shadyside and, I can't remember.

What was it going to say?

How do you remember any detail of anything you ever shoot?

I don't.

Um, but they are all based on...

It's all nonsense, right?

Like everything you're in, I mean, everything anyway is it?

Everything I'm in is nonsense.

Everything anyone I mean.

You know what I mean?

Like even the best movie in the world.

Like talk to like, like Nomadland.

Talk to Francis Mc, what's your name?

McDormand.

Talk to her like a year afterwards ago.

What was your character's name?

She's like, I don't know.

Who cares, maybe it's on the Oscar.

Do you think they write the characters?

I don't believe they do.

They write the...

Because you know, I'm just...

I'm three away from an e-god.

So...

Gonna get there at some point.

So I've been investigating that.

So Fair Street...

Do you think you win an Oscar first as an actor, writer, or director, or producer?

Hopefully all of them for the same film.

I...

Or for different films.

That would be amazing.

In one year...

Oh, that's...

Four different films win Oscars for each of them.

Forget an e-god.

Now the goal is for Oscars one year...

I want an ooh!

Ooh!

That's four o's.

Well, I feel like it could be an ooh year for me with these three Fair Street films.

No, you're not in one.

No, well...

Shh!

You're in the others.

Yes, I...

Ooh!

That's a double ooh.

You could win for acting in both of them, because they're two separate films.

Does it work like that?

Yeah, they're two different films.

Alright!

It's not like, you know, Back to the Future 2 and 3 came out in the same calendar year.

They did?

Yeah, but they're not gonna...

One came out in like May and one came out in December.

It was a May December romance there.

Much like Christopher Lloyd and Mary C. Virgin.

But they're in Back to the Future 3 as love interest.

Oh, I was so mad.

You were very confused.

You haven't seen Back to the Future 3?

You haven't seen the end of the trilogy?

The most valuable they see in the first one.

If you don't know anything!

Yeah, I know, that's why I looked confused.

He floats off of the ground on a hoverboard.

What?

Marty McFly does.

If I knew Mary Steen-Burgen was in it, I would have watched it years ago.

She's good.

It's a very sweet romance between the two of them.

But of course, he's an old guy and she's a young woman.

That's Hollywood for you, right?

But Fear Street, speaking of Hollywood, they have three different years on them.

One is like, what's the first one?

1994.

Then what?

1970-something.

Okay.

1666.

Okay, and that's triple six.

That's the number of the beast.

It's a human number.

As our all numbers, right?

I think so.

That's just from the Iron Maiden song, Marka, or number of the beast rather.

Once again, never heard it.

Never, so you haven't seen Back to the Future 3?

You haven't listened to Number of the Beast by Iron Maiden.

What have you been doing with your life?

I have.

You've taken around Juilliard.

Oh, gosh.

Yeah.

You know, we didn't really listen to a lot of Iron Maiden at Juilliard, but we could have.

Did you get any more?

Blowback from your last appearance from the Juilliard folk over there, because you were deep into the process.

Listen to the last episodes a few months back.

We talked a lot about Juilliard.

Did you hear anything about that from any of the instructors?

You persona non-grata with that.

I'm assuming I am.

No one has reached out to me to say otherwise, so I'm going to assume.

John Hausmann hasn't like called me beyond the grave.

No, no.

I have not heard from John Hausmann.

Did he teach there?

Yes, he did.

He created...

Is he wanted to start it?

Yeah, he started the drama to put you on about two years.

Yeah.

For never having been invited to go there.

What was that movie, The Paper Chase?

Did he win an Oscar for that?

He's not an idiot.

That was a TV show, I believe, and it was an Emmy.

So he was, you know, almost three away from an E-God as well.

No, not an O.

Although I bet he...

Did he win for Citizen Kane?

Fascinating biographies, by the way, by John Hausmann.

Read those, but not before you watch Fear Street.

1994, 1970 something.

Just watch all of the...

Just watch all of the X, watch all of the X, just press play.

By the way...

Walk away, so they don't pull it off the center.

Just play and walk away, exactly.

Please play and walk away.

By the way, I was reading a tweet of a fan of these movies.

Uh-huh.

Someone you know, someone who was in Mad Men with you.

Oh, wait, no, you weren't.

That was your, the other person.

Yeah.

Rich Summer.

I was on love with Rich Summer.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah, wasn't he your...

What a fan you are.

He was your...

He was my ex-boyfriend.

He cornered the market with like shitty ex-boyfriends for a little while.

With Allison and you.

I was first and then he was on Glow with Allison, yes.

It's weird, isn't it?

I think he's a terrific actor.

He was great.

He's an amazing actor, but he talked about these films on Twitter the other day saying that he loved them.

That he thought they were a mate.

I was like, incredible.

And he hopes that there is a series to come out of them.

Hello.

He absolutely loved them.

I think this guy's on to something.

Yeah, so I, I want to check him out.

Of course, Cool Up can't watch scary movies, so I have to...

And you know what, I don't know.

That title is scary by itself.

Fear Street.

Ooh.

Is that the character you play in this movie?

Oh.

It's true.

Well, watch these and your manager really wanted me to stress your podcast.

Periodic talks.

And how is that doing?

How is it being a podcaster?

It's a lot of work.

Yeah.

Tell me about it.

I know.

What do you think?

I'm not in movies.

I'm here every goddamn Monday.

It's, it's been a meeting.

I tried, I have, like, people have come me and said, hey, do you want to be in this movie?

And I've been like, well, every Monday I have to do bang bang.

And they're like, oh, yeah.

No.

Get out of here.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

So, I mean, also, why did I create a podcast in which I have to interview really smart people who are experts in all different fields within the STEM world and try and do enough research so I can have a coherent conversation with them.

Why?

I know.

You have to probably do eight hours of research just to seem dumb.

That's actually accurate.

Yup.

So, how much longer do you have on that?

Is that going to continue or you seem exhausted by it?

No, I'm excited by it.

I...

It's a fun show.

It is a fun show.

Yeah.

The second season is out now, please.

You're doing it by seasons.

That's a good way to take breaks.

Yeah.

So, we have some exciting special guests that are coming up.

Special guests.

One of whom we've actually mentioned in this conversation.

In this very conversation, Rich Summer?

No.

Someone else.

Allison Brie.

You got me there, but somebody else too.

Someone else as well.

Yes, Ian.

John Houseman, who have we talked about?

Oh, Christopher Lloyd, Mary Steembergen.

Mary Steembergen, she's coming on this show.

This is amazing.

I don't know if I was supposed to talk about this.

One of the best actresses of our generation or any generation, alive or dead, one of the best actresses in the world.

She's pretty spectacular.

She's alive.

Yes.

Yeah.

But she's just as good as the dead ones.

Any dead actress put her next to Mary Steembergen, she holds up.

Especially now that they're dead.

She's putting out great work.

I love her.

I love her too.

That's great.

What does she come on to talk about?

I can say no more.

Scott.

I guess it's about her music hearing.

I forget what the actual thing is.

Okay, well, I'm excited about that because I tell people about that sometimes and they can't believe that the Mary Steembergen that we know and love has this thing.

I don't want to spoil it.

Just listen to period talks.

And she'll discuss it on that.

And that's a great podcast.

When to come out?

Tuesdays.

Tuesdays on the Stitcher Network.

Okay.

Well, wonderful.

Gilly and Jacobs is here.

We have to take a break if that's okay.

Can you stick around?

No.

Please stay.

All right.

Has this interview beaten you down?

Oh, it's fired.

No.

What is happening?

It's the life of a podcaster.

Yeah, I get it.

I get it.

We won't speak of life's of podcasters.

I am a podcaster and I am alive and I have two other alive people coming on the show.

We have a fellow broadcaster and we have a cartographer plus we have Gilly and Jacobs.

Boy, what a show.

We are going to be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang, after this.

All right.

I'm not coming.

Comedy bang, bang.

We are back with Gilly and Jacobs here from fear.

The fear street trilogy hopefully going to be a series on Netflix.

Have you gotten the numbers there?

Have they called you with the three day numbers than the 30 day numbers?

I'm not a fancy producer like you, Scott.

So I don't get those kind of calls.

Yes, I got the three day call.

I got the 30 day call and they said, and then at the end of a year, we'll give you the year numbers.

I said, okay, what time is that going to be?

And that made them laugh.

Very funny.

Never heard from them again.

It's been out for two years at this point.

Now I'm terrified.

I didn't know they were pulling their own titles off of Netflix.

So please watch.

I can't remember what they pulled.

The fear street.

Watch, love, watch.

Other things, please.

It's kind of weird to put these horror movies out in July, but I think it's a great strategy.

Everyone's around.

Well, one of them takes place at a summer camp.

Oh, that's a good point.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

Yeah, it makes perfect sense.

It makes me feel like I'm going to be a little bit more comfortable.

I'm going to be a little bit more comfortable.

I'm like Ferstrel 1666.

Yo, I have no idea.

You don't know what it means.

No, I heard the words before, but I don't know what they mean to you.

I've frozen this kitten in her current age for the last 20 years.

What?

She is in the state of being six months old for the last 20 years.

Oh, you haven't literally frozen her in your ice box.

No, I didn't like...

You didn't see Roger's her.

Oh, okay.

Two competing.

Ted Williams.

Disney properties though.

Oh, yeah.

They're like the continuity of freezing fish and all characters.

No, no, I have used the dark arts to keep her at the same age.

Oh, okay.

Boy, I would love to do that.

What age would you be if you could stay at any age?

Oh, God.

Under 30, please.

Under 30?

You know.

I don't know.

Because sometimes you look back at old pictures of yourself and you're like, oh, I look way too young.

Boy, I was just a baby or whatever, but if no one ever knows you get older, then people love it.

Love you at that age.

I don't know what I'm trying to say.

What...

You feel...

I feel like you have an answer to this question.

Which age would you like to have been frozen at?

When was I the best?

I had 27.

27?

Yeah, that's when I was at my pick.

That's an athlete.

Two years ago.

That's an athlete's career.

Two four years ago.

I knew you at your peak, I can say.

Probably.

Certainly did.

Gillian, what year would you pick?

Four.

Interesting.

Four years ago.

Here's four years ago.

Very interesting choice.

You have the ability to speak.

You can probably read.

I was reading in three.

I don't know when you were reading.

I was in Montessori school, which I really enjoyed.

Your brain still continues, so you would be able to do anything.

You'd be having adult conversations.

Your body would stay at four, but you would be that creepy kid who talks like an adult.

I was that kid.

You're telling me.

You're still that kid.

I was just like, oh, you're still that kid.

I was like, oh, you're still that kid.

I'm going to lay out this parchment here.

Sorry, I have some parchment, okay?

Now I'll just pour some primer.

Sorry to get some primer on your table.

Now you are familiar with the seven deadly sins.

What we will do now is see the rest.

Great.

Gluttony in the rest.

The gluttony is the main one.

And we'll just see what mixture of the seven deadly sins are each of you.

What mixture?

Oh, okay.

So it's like 46% this.

It's kind of like a 23 meat, but just like for sin.

Oh, okay, great.

Yeah, I love this.

You know, like what are you made up of?

You're evil.

You're inner evil.

What do we got?

All right.

Lulu?

What do you want to do first?

We'll do Scott first.

Holy shit.

Oh, what are you seeing?

This is bad.

Oh, what's going on?

I'm assuming it's all gluttony, right?

No, I shouldn't.

I don't know if I should do it.

Let's just go ahead.

It can't be that bad.

It's not one of the standard seven deadly sins.

It's not one of the seven.

It's an eighth.

It's itchyness.

This is like what?

Your main sin is itchyness.

That's a sin?

Yeah, it's a sin to be itchy.

In my family, it was.

I mean, yeah, I am.

You're like 100% itchy.

Yeah, no, that didn't, that tracks.

That's gross.

I didn't realize that's gross to you.

I find that just tasteful.

So what if I'm always itchy?

I'm not scratching myself.

You're dissatisfied.

You're fundamentally not happy with your physical state.

It's gross.

You're rejecting God's greatest gift to you.

I didn't realize judgment came as a part of this.

Here you go.

Your map of your soul.

It's out of my hands.

Wow.

By the way, you've drawn this on a piece of, I can only call this parchment.

Where did you get parchment?

I mean, we just have like paper.

Like, yeah, you make it.

I make the paper.

How do you do that?

It's a long process.

You got out of trees?

Part.

I knock the trees down.

I pulp it up.

You knock them down.

You're selling trees?

I'm selling the crap on it.

Oh, one piece of parchment.

I knock them over and I go, tree, finito.

To no one, of course.

To nobody, I'll buy myself.

And does anybody hear it?

Just me.

Lulu.

Yeah, that's a good point.

By the way, you've just drawn a circle and in it you've just written itchy.

Well, that's what it is.

Lulu and I have found that to be true in your soul.

Okay.

100% itchy.

You're a disgusting person.

All right, Gilean.

Wow.

Yes.

Church.

Okay.

New parchment.

The songs you sing.

Oh, thank you.

They're cool.

They're like, they could be on the pop charts.

I think so.

Yeah.

I think they're really cool.

You think, pop, pop, pop, pop, pop.

It could be in the pop chart.

I mean, the way you do it.

I mean, it's cool.

It's cool.

You know, Cartography.

I love singing.

I mean, I've never.

Do you like rap as well?

Yeah, of course.

You know, I love to hear something here.

It seems up my nature and not dangerous at all.

Here goes the routes that'll betray your soul.

See if your evil is dark as coal.

Betray your eyes.

Reveal the lies.

Keep rhymed again.

And show your nature true as the devil.

Ooh.

He didn't rhyme.

He didn't rhyme there.

That's an artistic choice.

Interesting.

Oh, man.

You think so?

Yeah.

Aside from, I mean, I would have rhymed maybe.

Done like a...

You would have done a AABBA structure.

Ooh.

Probably.

Like the bard.

Yeah.

Like the melancholy bard.

That's my type, by the way.

AABBA.

Wait, that's...

Nevermind.

I don't even know how that's gross, but I feel like it is.

Add a little sliver.

Okay, okay.

Yeah.

A little saviousness.

A little lust on the corner of the itchiness.

Okay, thank you so much.

All right, Gillian.

Your sin breakdown.

Here, now it's time for a breakdown.

Never heard of that.

Um...

Ooh.

Holy shit.

What?

Oh my God, this is bad.

Oh no.

What is it?

Just tell me.

It's so much worse than itchiness.

Oh God.

Oh, this is worse than itchiness.

Oh Lord.

Is it one of those...

It's not one of the eight?

Hang on.

Do I tell her I don't even know this person.

You got to tell her.

She said it was...

Tell me.

Tell me and I'll see if it's cool.

All right.

She floats.

Oh.

I heard that.

Her sin is floating.

I do not.

She floats.

She floats?

Like if I were to throw her in a pool?

Or if she were to go with me.

Oh, we mean like a witch?

I'm above the ground.

Oh.

Like not?

Oh, like Marty McFly and Back to the Future II?

Like two storm.

Yes.

Does she float?

No.

Oh.

I mean she can make it a four visible bridge, you know, that she walks around.

She can lift herself up with an invisible force shield.

Okay.

Like gossip girl.

Wait.

Gossip girl doesn't have an invisible force shield?

That's another give it to Gilly.

I love the reboot of Gossip Girl with invisible force shield.

Oh, MSQ.

XOXO.

The invisible force shield.

Yes, you're a floater.

Oh.

You're disrespecting gravity in the ground.

Now I'm looking down at her feet.

They're totally off the ground.

I mean she is sitting but still.

Still, look at those feet.

Stangling.

You are rejecting God's second greatest gift which is gravity.

What's his first?

The body, the human body.

Oh, it's not so love, maybe.

Now love is like eight.

Really?

Yeah, love screws you up, love distorts, love making you mad.

Did someone hurt you?

What?

Never.

Oh, no.

Oh, Henry.

Henry.

Oh, Henry.

I'm sorry.

I got rejected.

We're having a breakthrough here.

I got rejected by whom?

My true love.

My true love rejected.

What's going on?

Hannah.

Hannah, a palindromic name.

I know.

No matter how you spell it.

Any scale.

No, that's two ends.

One end.

A and N A.

Yeah.

Or A and A.

They're all palindromic.

I mean I guess if you do A and N A H, that wouldn't be.

But which way were you thinking?

Well, I have a friend.

I can't talk about it.

You can't talk about a friend?

Nope.

I made a vowel.

Was it A and Y A?

Oh, the Anya?

That's a different name.

Poor Anya.

I think Anna, Anna, any way you spell it is.

No, I don't.

I don't want to talk about your friend.

Let's not talk about it.

Okay, all right.

We will not bring it up again.

Yes, I was rejected by my true love earlier this week.

Oh, just this week.

Wow.

Yes, just this week.

What happened?

Oh my God, let's go to a break.

And when we come back, let's get into what happens to me.

Oh, I guess we're going to a break.

Okay.

That's a trouble.

That's a trouble at two hosts.

I didn't, I wasn't going to take one, but I guess we have to.

Yeah.

When we come back, we'll be talking more with Henry Sames, the cartographer.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang, and...

Oh, periodic talks.

We'll be right back.

How many bang, bang, and...

Periodic talks.

So we are back.

And before the break, boy, this was an exciting tease.

We threw to the fact that Henry Sames is going to tell us what happened with his true love, Anna.

Yes.

Anna?

Anna's how I say it, but yeah, sometimes we say Anna.

Is it a palindrome as well?

Yes, it's a beeb.

Like, like Justin Bieber, the beeb?

Like the abbreviation for beeb.

Like the beeb.

Anna beeb.

Wow.

A.B.

Just a lot like my type.

I didn't want to bring it up because I would turn you on.

You didn't mean to turn me off?

I didn't mean to.

Thank you, Robert Palmer.

Okay, so...

Let's get into it.

Wasn't that bad?

Is that not enough of the provider?

Oh.

She wanted to have a family and so a semen provider?

I guess, yes, that wasn't really the complaint.

Oh, meaning she wanted to...

You didn't pay for the family's needs.

Yes.

I guess right, the way I said that did seem like I was setting up to be a semen provider, but that was not a conversation we had.

You were taking care of in that department, let's just say.

I assumed it'd be not a problem.

All the sailors she ever wanted were there.

You know what?

Maybe we would have had trouble that way.

Maybe.

Fleets in.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah, the...

Yeah, I'm the sailor.

She's the boat.

I don't know the metaphor, but it was about money.

Unfortunately.

I'm the DJ.

She's the rapper.

I don't know.

She's the relationship.

You're the rapper, of course.

I'm the rapper, yes.

She would be the DJ.

That's right.

But she was an A.B. instead of a DJ.

Yes.

So, how did it break up?

Did she just say...

She said, I can't do this anymore.

I can't wait for you to become more solvent.

I can't wait for this business to take off.

I need to move on with my life.

I'm wasting time and she...

Well, you really memorize this.

Mm-hmm.

That's a good word for her.

I mean, it's means like that is seared onto your soul and sky.

It burns, it burns.

You don't forget it.

Emotion is tied to memory.

It's the things that have been...

Smell.

What were you smelling when she said this?

Fart?

Parson.

If you were just constantly farting while she was...

But that wasn't...

No, but that wasn't...

That was not it.

She loved it.

No.

Parson is...

I did fart later, but I was smelling Parson in that at the moment.

I bet the moment she walked out, it was just like a sign out.

I was just waiting the whole time.

I was like...

And what type of fart was it?

A little dry, whistly one.

Mm.

Really?

Will you recreate it for us?

I think so.

Let me see.

So it's a lot like a slide whistle.

Wow.

Okay.

My farts are hilarious.

I'm so sorry.

Thank you.

I'm not sorry your farts are hilarious.

That's great.

That part I love.

I lost Anna.

Anna?

I thought you said her name was Anna.

Yeah, you said it.

But why did you just say...

She says Anna.

That must be another point of contention between the two.

Relentlessly.

She's like, why won't you say my name the way I say it?

I go, shut up.

It's Anna.

As a Gillian in this world, I have no idea what that feels like.

Yeah.

And I was like, I think I know better what your name is.

Oh yeah.

Are you bad at reading faces and reading emotions?

You have like such a blank.

I'm so fact based, I miss a lot of social cues.

Yeah, yeah.

It's true.

You don't put any emotion into your work.

How could you see emotions from others?

I mean, thank you for being sympathetic.

I'm not very fact that you're talking like this to the woman that you love, either on or Anna.

Wait.

Stop.

Speaking, Scott, I have an idea.

What if we used your powers in witchcraft to conjure a love spell to bring Anna Anna back to you?

I just, you know, it's a lie and you're not supposed to cross.

You're not supposed to manipulate one's heart, even with the dark arts.

You know, truth telling, sure.

What the hell with it?

Let's do it.

All right.

Let's see if I can get Anna back.

Hang on a second.

Lulu, come here.

Come here, girl.

Step one, he said her name correctly.

Does there need to be good Wi-Fi or anything like that?

Yep.

We need good Wi-Fi.

Because we're connecting to her.

Yeah.

Got it.

All right.

We're on a 5G here.

Ooh, nice.

Yeah, which is not my type, by the way.

Your type of Wi-Fi is also AABA.

Yes.

All right.

New parchment.

We go.

Are you farting right now?

That's a bunch of farts.

Here's a new primer.

All right, Lulu.

All right.

I love spell.

All right.

I'm going to need, I'm sorry to say this.

I need drops of your blood.

Oh, great.

Oh, yeah.

I have some right here.

We exchanged some right before the show.

That's, did I take any of your blood?

No.

I usually take all of our guests blood.

Oh, here, you have some right now.

I'm so sorry.

No, here, you have some of ours.

Here's some blood for you.

Yes.

Thanks.

Whoops.

I didn't mean to spill it all over you.

That's okay.

It's an old shirt.

Lulu's blood is okay with you.

I don't mind.

You know, map making is a bloody biz.

You're felling trees.

You're cutting your finger on the edges of the paper.

All right.

The blood into the primer.

Anna.

Sorry.

Anna.

Come back to me.

Wow.

I don't have the money you deserve, but I have the love you need.

That's good.

I'll be devoted to you in every way that I can.

Is this a spell or just what he's saying to her?

It just sounds a little sad.

Yeah.

I mean, I'll fucking rip my self to shit.

Please come back to me.

I'm a piece of shit without you.

He's pathetic.

Women don't like it.

I am needy, needy, needy.

I'm a little bit worried about it.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Okay.

Lean into it.

Did she like you when you were needy?

I know.

How long are you together?

One day, couple weeks.

Yeah.

She didn't like anything about you.

All right.

Let's just wrap it up.

Is that what they're saying?

Please come back.

All right.

Come back if you want.

Here's the spell.

Okay.

That was just the message I'm trying to think to her.

Yeah.

Okay.

And now here's the spell that will deliver the message and also bend her heart to mine.

Ooh.

Foulante.

Foulong.

Rambunctious.

Fear of street 1666.

What?

Fear street 1666.

That's part of it.

She's adding a little spice to your spell.

Poulante.

Rambunctious.

Fear street 1666.

Oh, this is going to work.

This is definitely going to work.

All right.

Hashtag.

Get guilty.

Give it to Gilly.

Oh, sorry.

Sorry.

Oh, wait.

Who's that?

Should I say turn your phone off?

I did.

No, it's my phone.

I'm so sorry.

Oh, okay.

Well, pick it up.

Sorry.

Maybe it's her.

Okay.

You can edit this out.

Hello.

Henry.

Is this Henry?

Henry.

Is it her?

This is R.L.

Stein.

Whoa.

Fear street and goose buck.

Whoa.

This is R.L.

Stein.

This is amazing.

I felt compelled to call you all of a sudden.

You spent.

And your number was just in my telephone.

R.L.

Stein.

This is Scott Ockerman, host of Comedy Banging.

I don't know if you've ever listened, but I'm a big fan of your work.

This is Gilly.

Jake, I'm so hard of a few streams.

Look at Gilly.

Hashtag.

Give it to Gilly.

Of course, both of you are people who I am passionate about.

But right now my passions are for only one.

We understand.

We focus.

Of course, Scott, we're all praying in the Stein House that you get that ooh sometime soon.

Thank you so much.

And I have been saying, give it to Gilly for years.

Wow.

Have you been talking about parts or Hollywood parts?

By the way, give it to Gilly.

Hashtag.

It's a little dicey.

I am regularly kicked out of meetings for saying that.

It's why I'm not more prolific in the industry.

But my love right now is for the man on the phone.

Yes, Henry, me.

Henry, yes, I don't know what happened, but I can't stop thinking about you just now.

Oh my goodness.

Oh shit.

This backfire, Gilly.

This is Stein.

Oh, no, it's wonderful.

Hi.

Henry, please, if you could draw me a map to your heart or your location right now.

Mr. Stein, I'm so sorry to tell you this.

This was a love spell that was not meant for you.

I think the addition of Fierce Street 1666 really kind of just gummyed up the work.

That's on me.

I'm sorry.

Mr. Stein, I'm a huge, huge fan.

I love your writings, of course, but I don't have a romantic feeling for you.

I'm so sorry.

These sound like some sort of high concept out of one of my novels.

Yes.

I'm living in life right now.

Yes.

I'm afraid the love spell that fell in you was not meant for you.

I'm so sorry.

So my love is unrequited?

Yeah, the heart wants what it wants.

I mean, even though now you know you're the victim of a love spell, but that doesn't change your feelings.

I still aren't.

Aren't we all victims of love spell?

This is a real mid-summer night's dream.

It's true.

As Oberon to Tanny, of course.

Yes, yes.

I agree.

If we spirits have offended.

Think but this and all is meant.

That you have a slumber here while these visions did appear.

What more yielding than a dream?

Wow!

What happened?

What did that do?

I retained me.

Oh, you're just stimulated by verse.

It was incredible.

Hylian, you're going to get a... at some point.

That's all Tony?

Or Tony.

Which is my pitch for the new Sopranos.

Yeah.

It worked.

One was great.

Why not four of them?

Why not get rid of some of these?

It's like a multibelicity.

Cabela.

Yes, each Tony gets a bit summer in my rewrite and that's spookier than anything I can think of.

Well, then almost the spookiest thing I could think of is falling for a mapmaker and not getting that love back because it was all a prank played by me.

I'm sorry, Mr. Stutter.

I'd be happy to make you a map, but I would be lying if I said I could give you a line.

What did I wish just reversed the love spell?

I mean, you can do that, right?

What are you saying?

Like, point it back at myself?

I don't know what that means, but...

Oh, do undo it.

Oh, would you be Mr. Stutter?

You thought I was saying reverse it.

Make me fall in love with him.

All good ideas, Scott Ocarman.

Please, please, please.

All right, I'll do it backwards.

60, 66 street fear, Ram Bunches.

6661.

It looks like a technical...

Oh, yeah.

All right, you've already overstayed this problem.

Yeah, probably.

All right, go ahead.

I'm going to go to Philanteau.

Ah!

I am in love with you.

I'm not, I've gotten very old.

What happened?

No, what happened?

What happened?

You did reverse the numbers on 60, 66.

Oh, Laurel Stein may be gone too soon after this.

No, John, I'm in love with you now.

You're my true love.

And yet, like another Shakespearean player, your discovery of true love has happened just before my death.

Oh.

Can be the fourth part.

I don't know.

Yes, and go right back right back.

The Star Press lovers.

Yes.

No, I was talking about full staff's love for Bardolf and Henry IV part 1.

Sadly, Bardolf took it too soon and Henry IV part 2.

Well, we know what you're talking about, of course.

Of course we do.

Juilliard.

Students of the Bard.

Well, at least we had this moment, I guess, RL.

We had this moment.

Oh, no, RL Stein is dead.

This is horrible.

This is a phone call 911.

I'm calling.

We don't know what's your address.

Where are you?

Wait, do you live on Fear Street?

Oh, yes.

I've never heard of it.

It's just an 56 fear street.

I don't know what that is.

I'm a very bad.

I don't know what that is.

What's happening?

I am dying.

Kill me.

Why?

Your spell along with the help of Scott Ockermann and Gillie.

This is like a Shakespearean death scene.

This sucks.

Yeah, it sucks.

It really sucks.

We killed RL Stein.

No, that's last word.

That can't be his last words.

We can't be his last words.

He's a glaze writer.

He can't say that's so bad.

We can't tell people those were his last words.

Oh, no, it's on this podcast.

It's on two podcasts.

The line's dead.

She's gone.

This is no longer an episode of Periodic Talks.

No, Lillian, you're out.

You're bouncing just because this happened.

No, I'm still here, but now I'm just here is killing it.

Boy, that was terrible.

I'm really sorry.

Well, if anybody wants any maps, get in touch with me.

Okay, Henry Sames.

We have to get to our next guest.

He is a fellow broadcaster.

Oh, exciting.

He has a podcast that he'll be...

Who doesn't these days, right, Scott?

Oh, my God.

Boy.

But please welcome back to the show.

Oh, wow, he's also an NBA superstar.

Please welcome back to the show, Bill Walton.

Yeah.

Wow.

What a pleasure to be here with Scott Ockermann, one of the great podcasters of all time, and Gillian Jacobs, one of the great Gillians from Gillian Anderson to Gilligan's Island, one of the great, but ultimate Gillians I've ever seen.

She's Gillian Anderson, but I'll let you have it.

But across the pond, we say Gillian, I'm told.

Yeah, just basically my mom.

Who told me that?

I came to me in a dream.

Gillian Welsh.

That's...

And do you accept Gilligan?

It was mainly Little Buddy, that's what they would call him.

Is it?

I don't mean to interrupt your flow.

Turn to Henry Sames now.

And of course, Henry Sames, one of the great cartographers of our time.

Thank you so much.

From the air, all air mentioned Magellan to...

Dess and Chloe, Raymond, Natalie?

Turn out, got it, I've got it, I've got it.

Thomas Scott!

Google, Google, Matt.

Yeah, they're one of the great Matt Bakers.

Yes, thank you.

Bill, I've noticed the last few times you've been on the show, you need a lot of help in coming up with the second thing.

Well, no, I find it's other people's discomfort with my inability to think of a second thing.

Sometimes it just takes me minutes to think of one.

I understand, I understand.

And it may be not...

You can edit it out.

Unfortunately, we don't have that kind of time.

You're in a C-block here.

Aren't we all running out of time, though, Scott?

Good point.

Is that what you're here to talk about?

Yes.

No, I think they actually came up on one of my other episodes.

Oh, really?

You're an inevitability of death and time travel as well.

Oh!

You ever see Back to the Future, too?

I love Back to the Future.

What about three?

Three, maybe even better than the second.

Finally, Emmet Brown, our favorite character of the film's finds love in the third film.

One of the great loves.

One of the great loves in cinema history for Christopher Lloyd, from Danny DeVito's character in What For the Cook was Nest to Air Bud in one of the straight D&D Air Bud films.

Air Buds?

You saw the sweet little buddies.

Oh, the sweet buddies.

Bill, so great to have you on the show.

I mean, you obviously have a lot of time now.

The NBA Finals just were done.

The Olympics, I think, are over at this point.

Yes.

So you have a lot of time on your hands and you can be on the show now.

That's exactly it.

I've got free time and I'm here because it's summer time.

It's my favorite time of year beyond basketball season.

That's right.

And Gillian, do you know who Bill Walton is, by the way?

I'm so sorry to say I don't.

Oh, that's okay.

Most of the people who know of me are basketball fans or even if a performer was in a, some sort of TV show about the era of basketball I came from, they maybe would have heard of me.

The late 70s and early 80s.

But if you are not any of those things.

Well, Gillian was too busy memorizing that puck monologue from the tournament.

I have more.

Yeah, I bet you do.

Oh, I would love to hear it.

Puck one of my favorite fairies of Shakespearean time.

What are your other favorite fairies of Shakespearean time?

Of course, there's, well, do we consider the guy from the island in that, can I help?

The campus?

Just to help her guy from the campus.

Ariel, I think.

Yeah, I believe then you have Oberon, King of the Fairies, of course.

Oh, I didn't know we could use other fairies from a mid-summer, or, I, sorry.

Mustard Seed.

He's blossom, of course.

Yes, the whole Mary players.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, do you have an interesting Shakespeare?

The Immortal Bard, the Immortal Bard.

The person or the writing?

Oh, right.

I'll take either at this point.

Oh, all of the above is plays make me more curious about the person.

What was he like?

Well, you should see the film Shakespeare in Love, which one of those ooze?

One of the great loves of all time, Shakespeare and Gwyneth Paltrow.

An amazing tale that that aren't for Oscars.

I believe, at least, best picture, I know that.

And best actress.

Really?

Who?

Gwyneth?

Really?

Yes!

Good for her.

Those are the she-hose in her group, I believe.

In your group, I was about to get- This is color!

I grew up in throwing down one time!

Who is she?

Yes, sir!

I think minds think alike or great minds think for themselves, as they used to say on Saturday morning, early television and cartoons.

Of course.

Bill Walton is here.

Henry, do you know who Bill Walton is?

No!

He's a broadcaster, he calls NBA games.

One of the great, mostly college basketball, they won't give me NBA that often because of- Oh, right.

A Ram Bunk's just personality.

And your tie-dye shirts.

Yes, I'm a little too freaky for the- I do know.

You were- you played for the Celtics, right?

You were a ballplayer yourself, is that right?

Will Hines went the alley up to Bill Wannner?

I'm Henry Sames, better, that's quite all right.

EZ mistake.

EZ mistake to me.

Henry, have you ever been told you look much like a writer and improviser and actor Will Hines, of course, writer of the great book?

I am told that.

How to be the greatest supervisor of the world.

I get called Todd Barry and Will Hines in equal measure depending on how far people are.

Will Shakespeare?

Yeah.

I am the immortal bard who I am so interested.

One of the great wills from William Shakespeare to my grandmothers.

Scott Ockermann!

You're a grandmother!

You're grandmothers!

That's why I've been failing upwards.

That's a will that created a podcast empire.

Of course, yes.

And of course a very lovely brooch that you wear.

Yes, every day.

Just remember.

Well, Scott, it's summertime and the living is easy.

Oh, you're transitioning to summertime.

Summer, summer, summertime.

Yes!

Summer, summer, summertime!

Yes, thank you.

Summertime!

What?

It's the T.J.

It's the different song.

Summertime!

Oh, that's from Charlie Brown.

Yes.

Summer, summer, summertime!

Yes!

You have a wide breadth of knowledge.

Yes, well, Scott Ockermann, I did a little bit of community theatre.

Did you really?

Yes.

Do you know something, Schroeder?

I like the way you play the piano.

Yes!

Nice.

Isn't there something about like peanut butter on the roof of your mouth?

Probably.

I really lonely.

Mmm.

Peanut butter on something, definitely with that dog.

Oh, Lord.

Scott Ockermann.

Add another sliver.

Help me.

The last part is growing.

Wow, Scott Ockermann going after dark with the references to putting peanut butter on your Johnson for Snoopy to lick off for your own pleasure.

It is his comedy, Bambig, after dark.

I did want to mention that.

I'm segmenting.

Oh, longer periodic talks.

Oh, one of the great, great podcast name changes of all time for the fifth and periodic talks.

I listened to if then thinking it was a podcast about what you learn around 301 and improv schools and the exploration that you do after you guess handed.

Speaking of improv teachers, this Will Hines look in motherfucker over here.

Oh, Henry, have you ever done a new improv class like Will Hines?

I have never had that.

He's more of a rapper.

Oh, you should take his glasses.

The Will Hines Improv School.

You will literally...

Glasses.

Well, you should take his glasses as well.

Take my glasses, please.

Yeah.

Take your glasses.

I should take Will Hines' glasses and then take your glasses.

What's the question, Will?

Henry.

Oh, we're getting very confused here.

Just because he looks so much like Will Hines.

He's not Will Hines.

Deep reference to improv 301.

Bill Hines.

People expect the ones deep knowledge of improv on this show.

I think that would be a real advantage to you as a broadcaster if you'd studied improv.

It's a great Richard Jefferson from the University of Arizona and Cleveland Cavaliers who is now a commentator for ESPN and the Brooklyn Nets.

Took improv 101 at the Embrances and was began theater.

Did he know?

Who taught it?

That's a good question.

I don't know.

Maddy B?

Maddy B.

K.

He came out of retirement.

Maddy's teacher.

Maddy K.

Did he talk to the class with Maddy B?

He certainly did.

No wonder his lyrics are so effervescent.

Wow.

So, what's up?

Well, that's the...

Summertime.

You want to talk about that?

I'm trying to figure out what you do with my summer.

I'm taking up surfing.

We don't have much time.

We got less than a month, I think.

Now, this is a curious question.

When does summer end now that global warming has changed everything?

I'm sorry to bring the room down.

It's okay.

I mean, you are a famous liberal thinker.

You wear tie-dye shirts all the time.

You...

Where did you go to college again?

I'm very good question.

The University of California in Los Angeles.

Go fighting Bruins.

What if the great colleges in Westwood?

It certainly is.

It's one of the best Westwood colleges.

From the Brentwood College of murdering Nicole Brown.

Oh dear.

Oh my.

They shouldn't have funded that.

No, no.

That goes quickly.

No, one class only.

One class and one freaky teacher.

Three units.

And of course the Aerothieter College of Print Film.

Of course, yes.

But why do you want to talk about summer?

Because I have built my life around one thing.

What is that?

Basketball and ice cream.

Yeah.

Basketball and ice cream.

And ice cream and also the music of the Grateful Dead.

Oh.

Three things.

Three things and also my lovely son Luke.

Yes, Luke.

Great.

What does he do again?

He is also a basketball coach played for the Los Angeles Lakers and the University of Arizona Wildcats.

One of the great colleges in the United States.

We talked to him on the show one time.

He appeared once with a very recipe voice on the Natalie Pelamita's episode.

Yes.

I believe he was feeding my dying body in there.

Yes.

But you're better now at summertime.

It's the time for ice.

I mean, technically it's a time to enjoy ice cream, but it's also when ice cream melts.

Isn't it?

And the irony.

The great tale of life.

The things we enjoy will eventually melt.

Won't they Henry Hines and Gillian J.

Sure.

Henry saves.

But I got you as long as you just your ever.

You should always get the middle last day that sounds so much like Hines.

It's hard to keep the...

That's on me.

You're right.

You should know me.

Look up who you look like.

Yeah.

Make sure your name's different.

Go to ulooklike.com.

Will Himes will probably should immediately.

Yes.

But don't go to the mad TV version of it because they'll just tell you you'll look like a man.

I don't know what that is.

You know what that is.

That is where I tap out.

Scott Ockermann Gillian Jacobs, you must have the famed Alex Borstein character.

Oh, yes.

I tell you everything you look like a man.

Oh, no.

You should be on mad TV, though, or reboot.

Give it to Gillian.

You'd be great on mad TV.

You keep in track of this Gillian, we're knee deep in sets of mad TV.

Man, if I could just manage your career.

I know I talked to your manager earlier.

She wanted me to talk about this podcast.

Period, Docs.

Yeah, I'm focused on filming television here.

Don't you know podcasting is where it's at?

Scott Ockermann.

That's a good point.

This episode is brought to you by Squarespace.

Squarespace is the easy platform that helps you build a website.

You don't need to know how to code.

They have easy to use templates.

And if you go to squarespace.com slash...

Oh, she knows it all by heart.

CBB, you can get a one time, ten percent discount.

That's Squarespace.com.

Slash.

Boy, you really ran out of it.

It breaks right at the end with an air ball.

We all started going down court for the slam.

We're like, put it down.

Put it down.

That's someone who doesn't hit the plus 15 button when the ads come on.

And then she bricked it right at the end when it was a wonderful effort, Gillian.

I loved watching it.

Thank you.

Anyway, summertime.

Summer, summer, day!

So grateful to Ed Ice Cream.

You heard it promote summertime?

Yeah, I don't know what you're here for.

I'm here for the love, baby.

But I'm here because...

Love on Netflix.

Well, I am love spells.

Oh, if I could have a spell that would make my brain have never seen love on Netflix, so I could watch it for the first time again.

I'm being heavy.

To experience that, although your brain does tend to forget things, after about a year or so, you could probably watch it.

Yeah, like rich summer being on love.

Rich summer is what we're all looking for.

Summer, summer, summertime!

It's summertime!

DJ Jesse Jeffin will smash it.

I'm the DJ.

You're the rapper.

I'm talking to you.

That's right.

I'm the rapper, my long lost love.

And it's the DJ.

Anna!

Oops.

I forget which one was right, though.

Anna's right, but I said Anna.

Okay, got it.

What's more important is how you feel about the person, not how you remember their names.

Thank you.

Thank you, Bill.

You kind of on my side.

I feel like that my emotions for her were pure and should have been appreciated.

Yes, names don't matter, Mr. Will Hines.

Good.

But I figured the show has artists and has Scott Ockermann, and has people who work so hard.

And I'm trying to figure out, because I'm a type A person I like to be cooking, so I don't have to sit alone with everything.

Hey, hey, hey.

Well, you should see, look downstairs if you want to see B.B.

Big booty.

Whoa!

Check that shit out.

That is a shelf.

Oh, yeah, you brought an improv 101 reference to B.B.

Big booty number Bill Walton!

Wow, we lost everybody.

This is a retired trainer that no one knows what we're talking about.

Oh, God.

While everybody out there, Big Booty's fun for people of all ages.

Just getting a circle together right now.

I'll explain it quickly and easily.

The person who is in the middle is Big Booty.

Not on the bull.

People who are listening to podcasts are alone.

They don't have friends to gather around and search.

What a way to meet people.

That's true.

Go up to other podcasts.

Get a bunch of strangers, make them get into a circle, say, listen to B.B.

Listen to the show.

Big Booty.

Big Booty together.

Big Booty number one.

That's number two.

We repeat each other's names while clapping.

But if you say it wrong, you go to the end of the line.

This does not sound fun.

Are you kidding me?

I'm not kidding.

You hardworking people.

How do you turn your brains off in the summer?

Are you able to relax?

That's a good point, Gillian.

It sounds like you're working all the time.

You're working yourself to the bone.

Ask the question, why relax?

Yeah.

Give it to Gillian.

A response to Frankie in the 80s.

Yeah, Frankie says relax.

Good response.

Why relax?

Frankie?

Why?

That's the thing.

Frankie gets to say all this shit.

We never get to say shit back to him.

I'm not a fricky.

Listen for a change.

Yeah, yeah.

Open your goddamn ears, Frankie.

Hey, Frankie, fuck off from Comedy Bank Bank.

That's right.

I think you got to relax because you got to reset.

Otherwise, you're going to be a little bit more than that.

You're going to be upset.

Otherwise, you'll pop.

I have had Brake problems.

Yes, I have issues with the early 2000s.

Space ghosts.

Space ghosts coast to coast.

One of my favorites.

And he had a spin off show.

Yes, Brake had his own show and his own album with the...

Oh, I can't even remember into the album.

Oh, look.

I hate to miss that.

But Pete Smith from Space ghosts, an avid listener of this show.

Shout out to him if he's listening out there in Georgia.

Pete Smith threw it down one time.

Big, big, big, big.

Space ghosts coast to coast in early Eric Andre show.

There could be no Eric Andre with that Space ghost.

Do we not agree?

I loved Space ghosts.

People compared it a little more to Comedy Bank.

Go ahead.

Anyway.

There could be no Comedy Bank Bank without Eric Andre.

Would you always all wipe?

I don't know.

We came out at the same month.

Yes, but you saw that and you were like quickly.

I got to pivot.

I saw that.

But Gillian, don't you feel you need to be alone with your thoughts?

You need to relax.

I don't find being alone with my thoughts relaxing.

Really?

It's horrifying.

You need to be with other people with your thoughts or just with other people without thoughts.

I'd prefer...

Okay, let's do half and half.

Okay, so half a person, half a thought.

Yeah.

I'd love to be with half a thought if you know what I mean.

Henry Steeves by beginning.

Oh, Henry, what do you have to say?

How about this to relax?

How about a morning constitutional bill, Walton?

That's all.

Walk by yourself in the morning.

That's a good way to relax.

And you'd get a little exercise that would tire you out.

You're very high strong.

Yes, I sit in a little ball drinking coffee all day until I next podcast appearance.

And you're still...

Instead, you sprung out of that ball and went for like a brisk walk, a speed walk even along the way.

Yeah, break up dogs.

Listening to the birds, absorbing the fresh air.

That could be good for you, Bill Walton.

That's right.

You could write him a map.

Yeah.

I think giving you a run, I can make you an individualized route with all of your favorite memories.

And you could start in the movie based on it.

Oh, map of my heart.

Give it to Gilly.

Map of my heart on Netflix.

Netflix are lifetime.

Netflix.

Okay, you're a Netflix girl.

I'm sorry.

Gilly and Jacob's is Bill Walton.

Gilly is Gilly.

I mean the world is ready for this.

This is here.

Give it to Billy.

Give it to Gilly.

Do a great Bill Walton.

Let's hear it.

I can't believe I'm on this walk.

There's extraordinary.

Look at these birds.

One of the best walks from...

One of the best walks from Walton.

Never!

Oh no, from Walk of Life by Dire Strades to What's Another Walk.

What do you have to write?

This is his old stick.

No, no, no, no!

What's this?

You do it.

Oh, this walk down the river.

One of the great walks I've ever been on from...

Oh, I've come from Christopher Walk in down the stream.

Do a walk to remember featuring...

We're told Vincent Chase's character from Entourage, but he was cut because he creeped out.

Oh, that's right.

This is pre-Queen's Boulevard.

Yes, before Queen's van den.

Before Aquaman.

When he books Aquaman, the guests.

That was the actress from October.

Remember, join me down the weeds.

I cannot remember.

I can not remember.

So he's more?

I'm sorry.

Mandymore, yes.

Mandymore.

And then Mandymore's cast in Aquaman.

Wow.

Vincent Mandy.

Ractle of references that was.

Why did we watch so much of that show, Bill?

Oh, because at the time it was wishful film at for men like you and me Scott Ocarina.

You had nothing.

Imagine walking down the street with you got your own little turtle on your entourage.

You got your Johnny drama on your E.

Of course, yeah.

I have all of those.

Paul of Tomkins is my turtle.

Yes, he's got the same addiction to marijuana and love of baggy clothes.

And he fought round of rousey ones.

That's right.

He brutalized round of rousey.

He destroyed her.

But Adelian is so confused by everything that's happening right now.

Adelian, I loved the performance.

If you want to package this right now, this movie on my life, I'm in.

Great.

Just don't make me improvise the script because I haven't nailed your voice yet.

Will you nail it by the time you start filming?

That's okay.

Give me something else.

Okay.

What a walk to remember from Christopher.

All right.

Give me something else.

So you want a script.

You don't want to have to ever write it.

Give me another scenario.

This movie is going to be great.

It'll be one of the best movies from.

One of the best movies from.

From a movie phone to a movie and group it.

God, this is enough art.

Adelian, don't show people how easy what I do is.

You actually break it down.

And everyone just realizes deepening your voice and then following your brain down whatever it takes you to get twisted.

We're very quickly.

Oh.

This is good though.

I'm willing to finance this whole thing.

I'll deficit finance it, definitely.

Oh, what does that mean?

Oh!

She's the greatest character.

How are you?

Throw it down, Yilly.

Throw it down.

Oh, you're all in the way.

Downtown.

Oh, this is amazing.

You can't also do it, Henry, because people are really going to start to see how easy it is.

Please.

I have no problem.

I won't do it.

This is great, man.

We are putting together deals.

This is like an episode of Onterush right here.

I feel like I'm Vincent Chase sitting in the room with Ari Gold in the head of WB who hates me, but still needs me to work.

He needs content.

We're loosening it a little bit.

I get it.

Before you lose it completely, we are running out of time.

I'm sorry, but we're going to have to bring all of this to a close.

If that's okay, is that all right with you, Bill?

It's the metaphor of the ice cream melting again, where I was running out of time.

That is true.

But before we do that, I do think that we should say that there is one final feature on the show and that is a little something called plugs.

All right.

♪ Oh, that was friends.

Nope.

Was there more?

Keep going.

Ah, I mean, we're fine.

Was there more?

How much more?

A little tight.

All right.

Let's hear a little bit more.

Please.

Where is it?

That was friends help friends by Todd Froenauer.

Todd Froenauer, thank you so much for that.

Guys, what do we plug in?

Gilly, you have a lot on your plate at this point.

We have the Bill Walton.

Is that what it's called, the Bill Walton story?

The Bill, I'm open to whatever the studio wants.

I take notes.

Walton, walking.

The wall's just walking two hours of Gilly and as me walking down the street.

The fucking second two ones.

Diddy, diddy, dum, diddy, dum.

So obviously that's coming up.

We have the hashtag give it to Gilly.

Oh, we don't.

Remember, we're going to.

Well, we'll rethink it, but I think it may have already told you.

Give it to Gilly.

But we also have Fear Street, all of those years.

Watch them in order and with the dear, late lamented R.L.

Stein wrote these.

I love course gone, but not forgotten.

Yes.

My true love.

Oh, yes.

Your true race games.

That's right.

What are you?

Periodic talks.

Periodic talks every Tuesday.

On the Stitcher network.

That's right.

Anything else in the works?

Can we talk about, I mean?

I mean, that's enough.

Honestly, you have so much going.

You have more than the average human being.

Thank you.

You know, I mean, you're a very successful person.

Do you feel that way?

You should.

I don't.

I know it's hard, but you know, we all feel like God, if only I had what this person had.

Walton.

Yeah, Bill Walton.

You don't want this, baby.

You seem quite content.

Oh, I'm happy as a clam.

One of the great clams.

One of the great clams in history.

For a clamato.

Oh, yes.

Throw it down one time, but helping me out of a Ruckulean Jacobs.

Oh, my God.

Oh, in love, we should talk about it.

Watch all three seasons of love.

Great show.

Stick around.

You'll see rich summer.

That's right.

I'm going to the billboards.

Stick around.

You'll see what's summer.

He paid for those.

I love them way the way.

Previous guest on the show, Mike Mitchell was also in that show.

The Darling Deer.

The yes and previous guest Claudia.

Claudia turning genius.

I'm at the entire cast on this show.

Everyone should watch that show.

All right.

Turning to Henry Sambs.

What do you want to plug here?

I'd like to plug a podcast, my friend, Will Heinz does, called Steve.

He's a friend of mine.

I used to say that.

I don't know.

I should have brought it up.

I don't know.

I'm so embarrassed.

I can't but seeing you two hanging out together would be my damn dream.

Are you just his mirror image?

I kind of, when I look at him on my Wii, we were doing the exact same thing you're doing.

A lot of times we're length is a mirror world.

Oh, I'm from the mirror world.

It is.

I'd rather be.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So what's his podcast?

His podcast is called Scrooge.

We're just going to talk about comics.

Oh wait, I've been on that show.

You have been a guest.

You should get away.

She knows the bare minimum about it.

The bare minimum about power pack.

Yes.

Oh, that not stand up comics.

No, no.

Yes, it's a comic books.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

Power packs, one of my co-hosts and my favorites.

Oh, well, Frank Moon Richards.

He is.

Yes.

That would, that's a great show.

You talk about, or not you.

Not me, that my mirror self.

Yeah.

They talk about comics and specific issues.

I was on there a few weeks back talking about a certain episode of friendly, not episode but issue of friendly neighborhood Spider-Man written by Tom Taylor.

Yes, we've had some great guests here at Jordan Earth.

They had some Jordan White and Tom Prever.

You're just, you're Wilhines, aren't you?

Oh, so I am.

So I am.

So what?

Through that trivial twist.

What a twist.

What a character's got voted off this show last time.

And I've been out of ideas ever since.

I got nothing.

It's stressful.

Yeah.

Just because we shout all the time.

No, I don't know.

I don't know.

I got them.

I don't know.

I got them.

I'm not fucking anymore.

I'm mad.

I'm excited.

Wilhines, you're hilarious.

What are you talking about?

Who loved you?

No idea.

Wilhines, I've seen I was in the front row of every smoke show from 2016 to 2020.

So deep reference.

Loosing everybody.

I would go to CityWalk just to see if the smokes were there to go eat at Carl Strauss Restaurant in Brewery.

No longer there.

RIP, just like RL Stein.

I am heartbroken about folks.

The accurate inside baseball reference to my infra.

And the saddle wrench is gone too.

Anyway, we'll talk about this.

Now people just ride me around.

Bill, what do you want to plug?

Well, I guess Scott, I would rather swim in a vat of acid if I had to choose between the two.

I know we're not doing what you'd rather.

I was a chassee-ness-understood.

No, that was from the earlier years of the show.

We played every week, obviously, but.

I would like to plug.

You're the man now, dog.

We're going to an improv and conversation podcast and BigGrande website.com, a place where you can get, I'm really uploading my piece here.

Yeah, that's all right.

We're set up to handle that.

Ponderful.

A place where you can get podcasts from the group.

Big Grande.

BigGrande website.com.

Great group.

People should check that out.

You know, the only thing I have to plug is.

Oh, we're out of time.

Oh, okay.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

I'm going to shoot.

Oh, shoot.

Wow.

Stronger.

Yeah.

Ooh.

Good to shoot.

Okay.

Two for two in coming in early on these songs.

I mean, you want to take more shots than that, usually, but I mean, if- But as a free throw line for two for two is great.

Oh, Kelly, it jett comes with some understanding of the rules of basketball.

A little more down.

That was open that shit by Bez.

Thank you.

I wonder if that was Bez from Happy Mondays, boy.

What if he had made that?

I don't know who that is.

Okay.

Well, you can't know everything, Bill, although you certainly try and- Oh, wait.

I have one more thing.

Yeah.

Should we leave with a little message to Anna Beeb?

I just feel like we kinda messed it up.

Like Henry, is there anything you wanna say if she's listening?

I miss you come back.

You're the one for me.

It's been a great three weeks.

Let's keep it going.

Let's make it a solid month, baby.

Now he's a Jan.

Tell yourself.

No, nobody's more accurate.

Nobody has a better understanding of scale.

Nobody's more devoted to integrity of facts and representation.

He'll get there.

He'll get five more minutes.

We don't come back to keep more.

Five more minutes.

I gotta get there.

He's got Tim.

Hello.

What?

R.L. Stein.

Are you the ghost of Harlstein?

I am zombie R.L. Stein.

Oh no, this is straight out of one of his books.

No.

Hey.

Hey, where's I know?

You're saying Stein.

When I say no, you say Stein.

No.

Stein.

Oh no.

I still love that.

I still love you, Stein.

Oh, I come to your house.

Give me a dress.

I don't know what the words are.

You know, R.O.D.

Oh, I have 100 mill played road day for you.

I can't get it.

Come on by.

Oh, I'm at 9.99 mill played road.

You walked over from 1666 fears for you.

Oh, go.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.

You I'm going to go ahead and get started.
