♪♪ I don't like puppet shows anymore, they're so lame.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, what the fuck?

I don't like puppet shows anymore, they're so...

What is that? That's nothing.

Okay, well, thank you so much to Teenage Grave, Robert, for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Boy, my name is Scott Ockerman.

I don't know why I said boy before that.

Like, you were in for some great information.

Boy, oh boy, my name is Scott Ockerman.

But boy, oh boy, we do have a great show for you today.

Welcome to it.

Coming up a little later, we have a participant in a scientific study.

Okay, well, that'll be very interesting.

I've always wanted to participate in a scientific study.

I've merely read all of them up till now.

I would love to participate.

We also have Tommy, the Green Power Ranger, will be on the show as well, so that's exciting.

And let's just get to it because we have a dynamite first guest here in A-Block.

Have you ever been in A-Block before on a show?

Or have you been up till now, have you been a C-Block person?

This is, as you guessed, my first A-Block and I am a Sultic.

So, starting off good.

All right, wonderful.

She is, of course, a comedian, of course, an entertainer.

She is an actress as well and a re-enacturer, sorry.

And probably does other things.

I don't know.

Do you do anything else?

I occasionally make a nice bread, maybe a bopka.

Okay, so a baker?

It's fair time, yeah.

All right.

Primarily just things with yeast in them?

Yes, that's sort of my way.

Very important to you.

Okay, great.

She is the Emmy nominated.

So if you're listening to this show and you're a voter, this is perfectly timed for you to click on that little box to vote for her for her role in the HBO Max series Hacks, which I thought, by the way, they should just call it HBO Hacks for like a month just to bring attention to the show.

What do you think of that before I introduce you?

I love it and I think that's you need to be in on the ground floor in the ad team.

I'm better in marketing than I am doing what I'm doing right now.

I think you're great at both.

Oh, thank you so much.

And I think my bopka is your marketing.

Okay, great.

My bopka is your bopka.

I've always said that.

By the way, many hamburgers to you.

She is here and it's her first time and I'm just going to welcome her.

Please welcome to the show Hannah Heindbinder.

Hello and I love that intro.

That's that Reggie Watts.

I know it is.

Yes, he's a thank you.

By the way to Reggie, he does the show every week.

Yeah.

Runs in, sings the song, runs back out.

He's got to get to Gordon as we all do.

You know, that's that's it's true.

You ever done that Gordon show?

You know, you did the Colbert haven't had the pledge.

You're with the last comedian on Colbert, were you not?

I was indeed.

I was indeed before the great worsening ensued.

But yeah, no, so were there back to do in it?

They are.

Okay, so they've had a what who have they had on since you since they've had the lovely Wally Barham.

Wally Barham who rocks and is great and Alex Falcone who also rocks and is great.

Wally is a local LA comedian.

She's fantastic.

She's a comedian and writer, amazing original voice and Alex Falcone.

Portland guy, super sweet, super smart, really funny.

Wow, you know everyone, huh?

Is that?

I know.

Can you really just two people and it was them.

It was them really.

Those are the only comedians you've ever performed on a bill with.

Yeah, you think I'd you brought it up because, you know, I would have been fucked otherwise.

Hannah, according to your Wikipedia page.

Uh oh.

They want to remind everyone that if everyone donated $2.75, we could keep Wikipedia thriving for years.

Yeah.

You know, you could charge a subscription fee and Wikipedia sustained by the donations of only 2% of their readers.

Why would anyone going to your Wikipedia page care about stuff like that?

Well, you know, that was a gig that I did in 2013 and, you know, look, you take what you can get.

That was that was a different advertising for Wikipedia on your own page.

Yeah, so understandable.

I might, you know, look, there's no I'm not running from the past, you know, it's it's staying.

You're running to it.

You know, even if you are running away from the past, the earth is spherical.

Oh, shit.

You'd be running towards it.

That's so.

Yeah, that's true.

It's like running away from a movie theater.

You're just running towards a different movie theater.

Oh, yeah, I do.

I do.

You're going from, you know, a black widow to a F9, the furious saga.

Is it the fast saga or the furious saga?

Do you know?

I don't.

Here's a question I have for you.

And maybe you maybe you can can weigh in on this.

And it's a question I've asked a few of our guests over the past month or so.

Remember that Hobson Shaw movie?

I do.

Okay, so it's called Fast and Furious Presents Hobson Shaw.

You know, they're presenting movies now.

Yeah.

So why didn't they present Fast 9?

It's like a perfect vertical integration for the for the Fast and Furious franchise.

You know what I mean?

I think if Fast and Furious presented Fast 9, there would it would bring on the apocalypse.

I don't know.

Oh, no, we don't want that.

Yeah.

I mean, well, you know, it has to be before I talk.

It's an apocalypse girl, really.

Okay.

I'll tell you something else.

Now Hacks is a wonderful show.

It's on the HBO Max streaming platform.

I guess I was going to say network is not a network, right?

In a sense, I guess.

I guess so.

Was it on HBO proper?

It did actually go on.

Do they air?

Yeah, what time?

Oof, oof, oof.

I'm in a ballpark nine.

I'm safe with nine.

Nine.

That's where I'm going.

Easter?

Final answer.

Can I phone a friend?

I'd like to phone if you could phone anyone right now.

I would like to phone.

Oof, for an answer like this to a question like this.

Yeah.

I mean, you have to take those two things into account.

Some other things.

An answer like this for a question like that.

I mean, and I'm thinking about both, right?

As you know, and as we would if we, you know, have heard or did.

Of course, yeah.

Yeah, I'm calling somebody with cable or maybe just going straight to the top.

Go straight to who's over there at the top of HBO these days.

Who's the overlord over there?

Yeah.

I, you know, well.

Were you in on the ground floor of the pitch?

Oh, God.

Or was this a casting situation?

Did you test?

Cast.

Test.

Email.

Cast test.

You got emailed by these people?

It was an email.

It came to my desk.

A lot of people don't know if you want to make it in show business and a lot of people are out there.

They're listening to the show going, oh, I want to be in show business.

They listen to people like you like, and they go, how do I do it?

Just email everyone.

Yep.

And by the way, mass email.

Yep.

People's emails.

Not as crazy as you think they.

No, it's usually just them at gmail.com.

And then don't be see anyone.

You know what I mean?

Just email every single person like who at hbo.com.

Like who's in charge over there?

Uh oh, uh oh, uh oh.

And here we go.

I mean, this is tricky.

I bet I have some of these people's emails.

It's a Googleable thing.

It truly is.

Just this company.

Just email them at hbo.com.

And you're good.

I mean, I promise you Tom Cruise's email is Tom Cruise at gmail.com.

Or at Tom Cruise.com.

Or at, I mean, yeah, you got to believe it.

He probably owns Tom Cruise.com.

Or it's probably Scientology.com.

Let's be real good.

Okay.

Remember when everyone had themselves at me.com?

Oh yeah.

I still got to meet somewhere.

What was me?

I never got to.

Or go here.

Mac just shoot.

Oh, there's Mac.

There's Mac.

Clear of Mac, I would say.

What is going on with Pepsi these days and Coke?

Coke's changing their whole like, like recipe.

What now?

Well, it's not the, it's not the Coke, new Coke, Coke classic thing, but the Coke zero, they're calling it Coke like minus or something like that.

Oh my God.

Oh, do you know, are you a Coke fan?

You know, I'm not a soda gal these days.

These days.

You were back in the past?

You're a relatively young person.

I would say.

Sure.

You're approximately 14 years old.

I'm not getting exactly.

Yes.

13 and 3 quarters, but yeah.

You're a big girl now though.

It's safe to say.

You better believe it.

That is the truth.

Capital T.

You know, I was a sprite gal.

My son got a day.

Were you really, do you like that lemon and lime kind of flavor?

You know, you bet I do.

Yeah, no caffeine.

Look, I take on a spin drift occasionally, you know, to be a liqueurroi.

Apparently we're not supposed to drink those.

What's going on with liqueurroi?

I don't know what's happening with it.

It's really difficult to get into, but you know, there's something about liqueurroi and topo chico.

They, they, I know the topo chico has a maybe like not so safe level of carbon, like you open a top on one of those things.

I'm just going to tell you maybe the next day it's still fizzy and that's a problem.

That's a problem.

I'm more of a mountain valley person.

Oh yeah.

And I was once talking to a very famous rock star who I bonded with because they got delivered mountain valley and I got delivered mountain valley.

It was just like, and then that person's eyes lit up and we had something to talk about.

Can I tell you something about mountain valley that I think I saw, but it might have been a dream.

Oh, they have, you know, those reusable like sparklets, water bottle things.

Yeah.

We had one for a while.

The mountain valley makes them.

Yeah.

What?

Yeah.

What's going on in a dream?

Who, where, where, when and how?

I mean lessons, I think.

Or one of these stores.

What did you say?

They, they, lessons had, you know, lessons.

I don't know what lessons.

Oh my.

Okay.

Please teach me.

God.

So lessons, apparently they got camel milk there.

It's one of these health food stores.

Camel milk.

Yeah.

I like what they squeeze the humps and it just like pops out.

You would think that's where they store it.

And so did I initially when I heard this at, you know, three.

Turns out it's water.

It turns out.

Camel water now that would be something.

Like water is giving La Croix or on for its money, I think.

Really?

You know, it.

I don't feel like I have clarity on this news story that you're trying to tell me.

I saw a list of beverages that have a level of carbonation or some sort of like the mineral, whatever the, the, you know, it's, you know, it's.

You don't seem to know what you're talking about.

You know what?

Getting a very clear picture.

Ever.

And, and get that through your head now before we proceed because it's all.

I mean, it's coming from really.

So that was it.

That's, that's the only.

I'm, I'm certain about.

So you saw a list.

You definitely saw a list.

I saw a list folks.

And it was a list of beverages.

It was a list of beverages.

That's where everything starts to get fuzzy.

Well, guess where, guess what's the one that's, that's the only one that's not on the list and it's a sparkling waters.

It's either.

And here we go.

Not clear on the facts.

Okay.

Parrier or Pellegrino.

Okay.

One of those is safe.

Good to go.

Okay.

And I want to say it's parrier because I wasn't as excited about that.

That's hard because I can imagine you reading and you read the P and then the E and then you just lose interest.

I, I drop off.

Yeah.

And that's, that's a problem.

I like your style.

You like, you, you give up halfway through the end of a sentence.

Like with the P and the E.

Yes.

It's the same thing.

Hannah, we got to talk about hacks because this is a major, major television show.

Can we keep talking about literally water?

I mean, our bodies are made up of approximately what?

77% of our bodies is made up.

You know what I mean?

I've never seen it.

Same with the earth coincidence.

I don't think so.

Are we just tiny globes?

Oh my God.

We're tiny globes and the past is the future.

Look at us.

Wow.

Blowing your minds here on comedy bang bang talking about water.

We should do a spin off podcast about water.

I've got hours in me hours upon hours.

I would love to talk to you more about this.

Well, I'm telling you.

I need you to get your facts a little more straight.

Give me the origin of all life.

Yeah.

How many of those hydrogen molecules are in it?

Do you know?

Okay.

And you lose me with science.

Oh, okay.

I believe there's two though.

Oh, H2O.

Yeah, and then the oxygen of course.

H2, meaning it shouldn't be 2H.

God damn it.

No, apparently they do it after the actual letter.

And that's how you read it.

It's like reading an equation.

If it's in parentheses, you do what's in the parentheses first and then...

Pemdots, of course.

Yeah, exactly.

Pemdots is how you said...

Pemdots.

It's the order of operations.

Parenthesis, exponents, multiplication...

Are you a math person?

Oh, oh no.

No, no.

What did you say about that in school?

I studied your general subjects.

Oh, you mean in college?

I'll take either.

Well, just...

Let's start with the kindergarten.

In kindergarten.

What do we get?

Sharing.

Caring.

Good.

Haring.

The fish.

Of course.

You know, daring.

Daring, okay.

Okay.

I read me from day one.

And you know, no, I did.

I went to film school.

You did?

Where'd you go?

I went to Dodge College.

I went to Chad.

I don't know what that is.

Look, you know.

Chappen is how you said?

Yes.

In Orange County?

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

I grew up not far from there.

Past by it occasionally would go.

I wonder who goes there.

Yeah.

It was fun fact.

And they love to say this to you when you go there.

The school where they shot the movie accepted.

With Jonah Hill.

Accepted with Jonah Hill.

I believe I've seen that.

You know, this may be of interest to you.

Speaking of movie shot places, I was watching a movie last night.

And I swear my old house is in it.

They shot one scene in my old house.

I like stopped it.

And I was like, Jesus Christ, this is my old place.

How would you go about finding out this photo?

Finding that out.

Well, then I started being very aware of all of the locations of everywhere they shot.

Oh my God.

I was shot in an area around there as well.

Okay, that's nice.

That's your house.

So it's got to be my house.

Oh my God.

I don't know.

I haven't checked this with my wife yet, but I'm going to get confirmation on this.

Let me know.

The movie, of course.

Please let me know.

Deep cover.

Ooh.

Jeff Goldblum.

Larry Fishburn.

We love it.

1992, directed by Bill Duke.

But speaking of directed by this show hacks that you're in was directed by people.

And it's a...

Can you imagine I just sidetracked you the entire time?

I mean, honestly, that's mainly what this show is about.

But I do want to talk about it because it's one of my favorite shows, both Living and Dead.

And it's 10 episodes of hilarity and poignance and a wonderful relationship between you and Gene Smart, who is, for my money, the best actress to ever live.

Yep.

And there have been some actresses who never lived.

Who might be better.

I totally agree with that.

You know, in other dimensions.

Yep.

You know, and for whatever reason, they...

I don't know how to car accident when they were five or whatever.

They never got to it and they would have been better.

Or some actresses who were alive but didn't really live.

Exactly.

And Gene Smart is really...

She's living.

She's packed it all in.

Oh, God, I love her.

She's wonderful.

You're wonderful in it.

And describe what this show is to people who don't know what it is, because not everyone has the disposable income of a person who used to have a house that's in deep cover.

Who can afford HBO Max?

But I would say it's worth it just to get a free trial month.

You know, and a lot of people when they get a trial, they have to pay for it.

They have to pay for a lawyer and everything.

They're like giving away this trial for free.

I mean, the trial to me, I go, oh, sure, sure, sounds great.

And they're like, well, it's a free trial, but we own your information.

I'm out.

I can't deal with the free trial.

So you don't even have HBO Max because you don't want to give him your info.

I do.

Oh, they've got it.

They better have it.

Kind of on binder at HBO.com.

Fuck.

Yeah.

So just like I guess the premise of the show is it's about these two, a stand of comedian played by Jean Smart, who has had an illustrious career, but finds herself at her Vegas residency and the casino booker slash owner played by shooter Chris McDonald.

That's right.

Chris McDonald and wonderful actor.

Amazing guys.

Did you get to do scenes with him?

There was a dinner scene, which all of the cast is in.

Okay.

But other than that, what did I eat?

Oh, I really just drank the grape juice that looks like champagne.

This is a good trick for an actor, by the way.

If you're ever at a dinner scene and I made this mistake, I was on Andrea's Have a Just Show.

I'm sorry.

And I was, and we were supposed to be at like a diner after a party.

I can't remember exactly what happened.

And they, they were like, do you want to eat something?

I'm like, yeah, I could need some apple pie or whatever.

We did so many goddamn takes.

They came up afterwards and said, you ate two whole apple pies by the end of it.

Don't eat anything when you're an actor.

I do.

Well, I, I actually am with you.

I did.

There was like some pancakes and, and, and you better believe.

Hashtag.

Look, I'm a Bernie girl.

Yeah, of course.

Yes.

Um, no, yeah, I do, I did do the apple pot.

You know, I did.

I was in that sort of.

You did the apple pie.

I don't care.

You know, I'm like, let's, you know, I will hurt myself.

I will, you know, that's your commitment as an actor to the project.

I think you got to take a big bite of food.

You know, if I were you, I would be like, Hey, could I have a love scene with, with Chris?

What's the Christmas?

Christmas.

Don't could I have a love scene next season?

Yeah.

I know it doesn't really fit the plot or anything like that, but I think it'll be funny to do like to film that way.

That is every act, every, like me, Poppy Liu, Johnny, Seville, Mark and Delicato, Carl Clemens Hopkins and Meg Stalter are, are.

You've memorized everyone in the cast.

Look, we're in a group chat.

It's not nothing.

I'm not bragging, but I'm also not not bragging.

We are only pitches to the show.

Runners are like, we are like us having a really great time.

Having like these stories with him.

That's so good.

Is he great to work with?

Oh my God.

He's fantastic.

He's classy.

He's lovely.

He's charming.

He's everything that his characters have typically not been.

Chris is.

He usually plays the heel.

Yes.

Somehow because he has.

He's got a bit of a.

He's got a bit of a smarm to him.

He's got it.

But he is just, I'm telling you, he is the, you know, he, I just want to see Chris eventually in, and he's gorgeous in this role.

He's gorgeous in every role.

But I also, I just, he is so, he has such a beautiful kindness and sensitivity and just wonderful.

Wonderful.

Someone should tap into that.

Like, you know how Quentin, Torent, what's his name?

Torentino.

Who this guy is?

He picked out a John Travolta out of a lineup.

Like, that couldn't get arrested.

Oh my God.

And he's like, hey, go be in Pulp Fiction.

Like, he should do that with Chris McDonald.

That would be so good.

And tap into that innate sweetness that he has that has not been exploited on film.

You know, this sweet Quentin Tarantino character.

You know all them.

I love that.

The same way he picked this Bruce Lee guy out of the lineup was like, hey, let's do something with him in his last movie.

I love Chris, I can't say good enough good things about him.

Yeah.

Well, you should pitch like doing a golf B story with him on one of these things where just like you would him go out to Las Vegas, you just golf for a while.

That's so fun.

That would be fun, wouldn't it?

That's so funny.

Let's get back to the premise of this show.

It's you and Jean Smart.

She is a stand up comedian.

I mean, I guess you maybe don't or can't talk about this, but sort of based on Joan Rivers and, and you know, but although more of a modern day because of course.

And a Malcolm of several various several.

The convenience of her history.

Exactly.

Percio.

Yes.

Thank you so much.

I was one of the last interviews that dear old Joan had for her show in bed.

She would conduct them in bed.

Oh, good for her.

That's the dream.

It was great to meet her right before she passed on.

But so she's playing someone who is on her way down in show business.

You're playing someone who is maybe on her way up, but at the same time, something has derailed your career.

And so you find yourself together working together out of necessity.

Young Ava cannot get work.

She fired off a brutal tweet about a conservative closeted Senator who and the tweet really just got her capital C canceled.

And the only work she can get is with Deborah Vance.

And it is the odd couple tale that is framed in the relationship between these two lovely women who come from the same, but different worlds.

I'm just spiraling.

Yeah, you got to get better at this.

Okay.

Because you're going to start to do press here.

Oh, you know what?

I've been doing press.

Oh, no.

It's been a mess out there.

These can't last 60 seconds.

But they do.

You know what it means.

Oh, no.

And on.

No.

Oh.

Anyway, it's a great show.

I didn't quite know what to think of it.

I heard it was good.

It had been out maybe a week and it was getting good reviews from people.

So my wife and I said, let's turn it on.

This is a glimpse into our process.

Sure.

And you don't hear enough about the people who watch the shows.

You know, like you're always talking about people, you know, how they make them.

What about how people watch them?

You know, let me ask you this.

Yeah, please.

You a big critic guy.

You're like, okay, what are the, what are the, what are the gals at the New York Times saying?

Are you like, no, not necessarily because I don't really, there are a few that I agree with where if, if it gets a rave, I'll be like, oh, okay, I'll watch something.

But if, if things have a general sense of, and it's fine, then maybe it's not enough to, to spend your time.

Like if everything is getting seized across the board, you know, with all these streamers, you want the heat.

That is beautiful.

Is that from the show?

No, that's from right now, if you can believe it.

Wow, that's off the dome.

Yeah.

Incredible.

Off the very dome that couldn't finish most sentences early.

You finished that one.

Yeah.

And it was only like approximately five or six words long.

I dropped off.

But here.

Really good.

I came back and I just, I had for that.

This is what you need to do in your further, like PR appearances.

Absolutely.

You need to like get it that short.

Although it was so short after you'd been like droning on it on before.

And I can't stress enough.

I was like, I was a little surprised.

I was like, is she done?

That's why there was that positive.

I think she's never seen it or wasn't in it.

I mean, wow.

Work on it, sweetie.

Yeah.

No, I felt that fine.

Well, it's a wonderful show.

I cannot stress enough that you'll be happy.

You watched it.

Ten episodes.

Go flying by.

You know, it would, they'd be too a week and my wife and I would go, oh, it's Hacks Day.

So it was very, it was great to watching.

Congratulations on the Emmy nom.

I mean, the 12 days of Emmys.

The nomination day is like day five, day six or something like that.

How was that day for you?

The nomination on nomination day.

Yeah.

It was cool.

It was pretty early in the in the AM.

I mean, it was like eight 30.

Yeah, I'm a stand up.

I may have been checking to say if I had one hand, but I did not.

Okay, well, he was.

He was.

Unfortunately, Passover.

There's that great Bob Hope joke when he was hosting the Oscars where he's like, welcome to the Oscars or as they say, and as they call it in my house, Passover.

Which is a wonderful joke.

I, yes, I have an Oscars joke to tell you off air.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

But.

I hope I wrote it.

It's possible.

It is literally possible.

Okay.

You know, it was a cool day.

It was a nice day.

Sunny, 72.

Okay.

Good.

I'm really getting a picture of this.

Yeah, it was on my porch, you know, you're on your porch when it, when did, were you watching or did someone call you?

Somebody called me.

My category was not announced on the live stream.

Okay.

Keeping me humble.

I love it.

Yeah.

Well, yeah.

They can't announce them all.

They can't announce it.

What are they going to announce them all?

Yeah.

Who, who was announcing this year?

God, you know, roll in the motion.

Yeah, it just like I watched these things and I go like, why are they even doing it?

I'm not going to remember this a week after it or a day after an hour after it happened.

We don't remember, do we?

We just want to know tonight.

We want to know.

I'm going to do you remember who was.

I do remember.

It was Father's son.

Yeah.

Father, daughter.

Yeah.

Jasmine and her father.

Yeah.

Great, great people.

Wonderful people.

But why bother?

Don't ever do.

Don't ever do one of those things.

Yeah.

They're going to ask you next year.

I promise.

I promise you.

I won't.

Okay.

Thank you.

You've heard it right here.

Yes.

It is.

Don't do any of that Hollywood bullshit they always ask you to do.

Okay.

No problem.

Absolutely won't.

Yeah.

And it was like one of those things where they tell you like, oh yeah, this is going to get you on the Emmys train.

I love it.

You know, and I had like did a bit on the creative arts Emmys.

Nothing ever happened.

That feels fun though.

It was.

Creative arts Emmys feels safe.

The news Emmys.

I mean, wow.

They're not the most receptive people to jokes when they're sitting there really wondering if they're going to get like the only recognition they'll ever get in their career.

Yeah.

Don't ever get.

Right.

They didn't laugh at anything.

Oh, wow.

Brutal.

And then I was like, I bombed so hard in the middle of it.

I was like, and then they came up to you and they were like, that was great.

Scott.

We're a blah, blah, blah, you know, but then at nine someone else comes in and.

I mean, we've all seen Nightcrawler there in the audience.

They're going on missing a scoop for this.

Yeah.

Exactly.

If it leaves, it leads.

What's this?

This guy's not even bleeding.

I got it out there with my goddamn my magnifying glass.

Sorry.

Super sorry.

That's just well, don't do any of that kind of stuff.

But congratulations.

All right.

There's an actual ceremony this year, right?

There is as of now.

Is it, but no party?

Who said no party?

What are you talking about?

No party.

Well, I mean, the official way.

We'll talk about this off air.

Oh, no.

We have to take a break, Hannah.

Is that okay with you?

Can you stick around?

Yeah, I'm going to tell you that Oscar joke.

I want to hear that Oscar joke.

And if it's, I'll decide whether you say it on there.

Yeah.

Okay.

So if you come back, we'll either say that we're going to say the Oscar joke or we're not going to say the Oscar joke.

You'll bear witness to what we decide.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back.

Hannah Einbinder of Hacks is here and the decision is upon us.

Do we say what this joke was?

It was a very funny joke.

I enjoyed it.

I laughed.

It's a good joke.

It's a joke I'm comfortable with.

But because the joke, I just, it's someone else's joke.

You don't want to be bringing up jokes from the past.

Look, you know, you really don't want to do that.

Can we say who said the joke?

Oh, Steve Martin.

Steve Martin hosting the Oscars.

So just go ahead and watch all of his Oscars appearances.

Fantastic.

Yeah.

One of the best ever do it.

One of the best ever do comedy.

You were saying that he's, have you read his book?

I have born standing up fantastic.

Yeah.

Wonderful book.

Fantastic book.

One of the best stand up books out there.

It truly is.

Speaking of books, your mother just wrote a book.

Did she not?

True.

Talk about that.

No.

Not really.

Okay.

Let's have her on the show and she can talk about it.

I think she can.

I haven't read it.

But she.

It's an audio.

An audio.

It's only audio?

Yeah.

It's an audible, like, exclusive thing.

It's cool because she does a lot of voices in it.

That she, well, okay.

She was on the comedy band being TV show two times, I believe.

Wonderful.

One of the greatest SNL people, in my opinion.

That's really cool.

She had.

We're talking about Lorraine Newman.

Of course, she had a skill set that no one else on that show had at the time and maybe was underutilized.

But I thought, you know, you go back and watch those shows and you're like, everyone's paying attention to the other people.

She's the one who's really talented on this.

She was all about that new stuff.

Yes.

Yeah.

She really was.

I don't know what that means.

But yeah.

The new stuff, the new characters, switching it up, like less of the strategy of like, you know, do a recurring thing, etc.

Yes.

She's like, turn something into a TV commercial or TV show.

Yeah, exactly.

Well, that is great.

She has a book.

I don't know what it's called, but apparently you can listen to it.

All right, let's get to our next guest.

And you've everyone's heard about this.

Yep.

Hannah, you've heard about this, obviously.

I haven't even said what it is, but you must have heard it.

I have.

Yeah.

And I can tell you that for sure.

Everyone's heard about this.

They are participating in a current scientific study, which everyone is talking about out there.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, baby, baby boy.

Hey, good to meet you.

Hey, I gave you my wrong name.

I'm baby boy boy.

I'm so sorry.

Did you give it to me wrong or did I write it down wrong?

You know, I make mistakes and I own up.

Yeah.

Talk into this thing.

What do you say?

Write into it.

There you go.

I used to things near my mouth, you know, I wasn't raised with the ma.

I was kind of.

Oh, you never suckled on that motherly teat?

No, never had a teat.

Never had milk.

None of that came from me.

You've never had milk?

It's good, right?

I mean, I wouldn't drink it now.

I mean, no, I absolutely wouldn't drink it now.

But when you're a baby, like the calcium in it, you need it for your bones and shit.

They say need it.

Yeah.

You get a lot of calcium from Guinness.

How are your bones?

Oh, my bones are hard.

Oh, really?

Yeah, I got high bones.

Like too hard or?

I think it's the right amount of hard, you know, like a little bit malleable, but not a whole smell.

I don't know what you want.

Your bones to be malleable.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's we got to check.

Yeah.

I bet you have soft bones.

I'm doing an osteopecia scan.

Okay.

I mean, I don't have a lot of people.

She brought her a cat here.

Okay.

Yet.

Yeah.

Oh, my God.

Your tummy.

Yeah.

Baby boy boy.

Welcome to the show.

What now we all know about what's happening, but for any of you who have been living under a rock and boy with housing prices these days, what is that?

Like 1.6 mil for a two bedroom?

Jesus Christ.

But for any of those people, what exactly is this scientific study that you're participating in?

Yeah.

So a science lab adopted me and they've been raising me like an adult the whole time, you know?

So I'm not experiencing kid things.

I'm experiencing adult things, you know?

How old of a person are you?

Well, right now I'm baby boy and I'm a boy.

I was baby boy baby.

Oh, okay.

And if you use, I'll be baby boy teen.

Baby boy teen and then baby boy.

I don't know.

Man?

Maybe.

Well, when you turn 18, I mean, can you join the army?

I mean, I'm owned by a lab and I don't have a last name.

So can I?

I mean, that's also a close point.

Yes.

Yeah, you have a changing last name as well.

Yeah, I mean, I'm just saying that I'm defined by what I am, not who I am.

And I'm pretty sure I went to look at it.

So you were, where were you born?

You were born in the lab?

I was born in a lab.

I'm not a robot.

I was born in a lab.

Why do you say you're not a robot?

Because I'm, I'm getting the looks from you.

We do the Turing test on you here.

Yeah.

Do you know how to do the Turing test?

Did you bring that?

Yes, I did.

It's in my, it's in my osteoporosis.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, pull it out.

I'd love to do the Turing test.

Okay.

It's a lot of luggage.

Yeah, boy.

Okay.

So question, question number one looks to be, are you a robot?

Yeah, I'm not.

I'm not a robot.

Shuts out.

Yeah.

Wow.

That Turing test is too simple, I feel like.

Yeah, I got to put my, I got to get back to the lab.

We're going to, we're going to do some more.

We need a harder Turing test.

Yeah.

What do you say you're not a robot?

I'm just saying I'm not a robot because, you know, the only other citizen that was raised by a lab is Sophia, that robot that's got citizenship, that Israeli bot.

I don't know.

You know, that's actually true.

Yeah.

Your cousin is a robot.

Yeah.

I mean, robot with citizenship and I am not a robot.

I am a human raised in a lab like an adult, not a robot.

That's okay.

Okay.

So you're a human being.

You were born in the lab.

Raised as a robot.

And you, no, did I get that wrong?

I'm just, I'm briefly an adult, you know, so like you were raised as an adult, even though you were, you were a baby.

Yeah.

Cause why, why, why are we treating kids like babies?

Huh?

Why are we babying them?

Why are we giving them trophies when they eat?

I mean, it's literally a verb to baby someone.

Yeah.

And it implies that we should do that to babies.

We should adult them is what you're saying.

I think we should look what's happened to society.

What if we were treated like an adult like me?

Like I've been rolling my own cigarettes since I was like four.

Wow.

And you have, you have like a New York accident.

Is this a New York lab?

It is.

It's a New York people work at it.

I think it's New York people work in it, you know, it's not like trying to test out accents.

Okay.

Well, thanks.

Yeah.

Thanks for coming to California.

I really appreciate it.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So I just do adult things, you know, how old are you?

You know, I think I'm nine.

I'm not quite double digits.

Ah, W.

D G.

Yeah.

But I'm going to get some.

You know what I mean?

That's your journey, babe.

I don't know what I mean because I'm too young, but I have an idea.

Okay.

What is your idea about it?

I'm going to take those double D's and I'm going to juggle them.

Okay.

So you got basketball, you got a joke.

My ma'am.

That's right.

Hey, basketball, you like?

Not yet.

You like basketball?

My question.

Isn't it the most orange ball?

You know.

Out of all the balls, out of all the professional sports balls, it's the most orange.

What do you say?

Do we count mini golf?

Because mini golf has got some brightening on in the dark.

Damn.

That's a good point.

That's pretty good.

The only reason I know that is because adults do dates there, otherwise I wouldn't do such a child.

Right.

So you're saying that people shouldn't play mini golf until you turn 18 and go on a date?

Yeah.

Like only do things that adults do.

Why are we giving teddy bears?

Why are we smooching on nips to drink our milks?

Dead.

I've never heard it put that way.

Instead, all I'm doing is I'm playing snooks.

I'm just snooker, which is a more adult version of affiliates.

Oh, yeah.

That's your place.

You're playing snooker.

Yeah, yeah.

And you call it snooks.

I call it snooks because why add the earth?

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Does everyone call it snooks or is that just you?

I think so.

Oh, okay.

I think they do.

So you're playing snooker?

What are the rules of snooker again?

You know, all the balls are in a line, much like life, and you got to knock them in order one through nine and say, I should know this.

I kind of do.

Yeah.

I mean, you're the one who plays it all the time.

Yeah.

How much?

How often did now I'm doing the X?

Hey, what's all do you do?

We're out of the lab growing up.

Yeah.

Have you ever stepped outside?

I mean, this isn't your first time outside.

Not my first time.

I spent a lot of time at boss.

I played a lot of MJ, my John.

Normally people when they say MJ, the thing of Michael Jackson.

Oh, Michael Jordan.

He.

Do you ever hear that?

Yeah.

Do you know what Michael Jackson is?

I've heard of him, but he's more of a child thing and I'm an adult.

Yeah, you better believe me.

I stay away from that.

Yeah.

You know, plus Snooks takes up a lot of time.

Oh, I go and imagine.

And then me and the MJ's, it's a it's a lot of trickery because it's things that look alike but aren't.

It's like that faces game for kids, but the adult version.

Right.

Yeah.

So you're playing my song.

You're playing snooker.

Yeah.

And the bar.

I'm in the bomb drinking my Guinness.

No foam.

Are you an alcoholic?

Nope.

You got that nitro tap.

Yeah.

Right.

It's like you got to pour half of it and then let it sit for a bit.

Much like life.

Oh, okay.

So you're just our, you do adult things.

Do you have any sort of parental supervision at all or is it just scientists?

Yeah, they kind of they they poking the broken every once in a while, make sure my levels are good.

See how soft those bones are.

Yeah.

The wires I don't mean literally because I'm not a robot.

Right.

You keep saying you're not a robot.

Yeah.

Well, yeah.

I don't know.

Don't you think that if you were, you wouldn't know?

Oh, I don't know.

Have you always been this size?

Yeah.

No, right now I'm this size is I'm baby boy boy, but when I was baby boy baby.

Yeah.

I was smaller.

You were small.

I was.

I'm a sprightly 411 right now.

So not quite.

Okay.

I don't know that robots can grow.

So I mean, this is maybe in her his favor.

That's what are your pronouns?

I'm sorry.

I see him for right now.

Okay.

Well, you but down the line that may change.

Hey, you know, I mean, I guess we don't have pronouns for age.

Yeah, yeah, though we should, which is why stop using names.

Stop using names is what you're saying.

Just classified like if by this logic, what would we all be?

I suppose like I.

Yeah, I think I think names are spoiler alerts and I don't like to give anyone like an impression of what I'm going to be like until they meet me.

You know what I mean?

Absolutely.

Like if you met someone called butch, right?

You have you'd have an impression of like what that person was like, right?

This guy wears a spiky collar and exactly.

Or lefty.

He's up to meet.

Yeah.

A lot of shuffling.

Yeah, exactly.

Sure.

Yeah.

So when I would prefer to call you like person number three thousand eight hundred and sixty nine, you know, I count each person and then and then I decide what I want to call you after that.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Why do I decide what you should call me?

It's your brain.

You do what you want with it.

We're all adults and we are.

Maybe in me aside from.

Wow.

Don't you think that maybe babying is I don't know another word for compassion?

Well, did you get a lot of this growing?

Yeah.

No, no, no compassion, no affection.

No, no, I mean like you have a hard exterior and maybe it's just your, your very authentic New York accent.

But people who have those, you know, generally are tough, tough on the outside, you know.

If you start squeezing me, you could squeeze too hard and kill me, you know?

No one talks about how dangerous a hug could become.

I mean, you can say that about anyone really, you know, except for the boning.

If y'all want a bone, I got no issues with that.

Okay.

Wow.

Okay.

Line drawn.

So you don't like to be touched.

Is that?

And that's your right.

I don't think anyone should touch.

Why isn't a personal relationships have to also be physical?

Isn't it enough?

That's a good point.

Can we just see?

I don't know if we should even see people.

I, I want to know.

Well, where do you stand on sort of climate change, the general warming of the globe?

These are good questions.

You know, I need to be my co-host on every episode because I like you're into, you're into this kind of stuff and I'm asking just nonsense at this person.

You know what I mean?

Like you're really good at this.

We're cross examining.

I think we're doing a good cop, bad cop thing.

Okay.

Wait, wait, which one am I?

Anyway, so what do you, you're the Kevin Hart right now.

In which movie?

In Get Hard?

Get, get, get, get, get, get.

Yes, Gethard was starting.

Yeah, my, where do we stand on climate change?

Well, I stand on the earth and the earth is in trouble, right?

And maybe if we didn't touch the earth so much, she'd be okay.

What if we hovered?

Hava boards.

I have those in the lab, huh?

Of course we do.

As long as they weren't gas powered.

Yeah, right.

You know, fossil fuels.

Like if they, what could you power a hydro?

We want a hydrogen powered hover board.

So inside the hover board, which is as skinny as a skateboard, there'd be like water rushing through.

The way that camels humps hold water and possibly milk.

Oh, a lot about camels.

Look, you know, we have separate interests, but I love how they're.

Only.

Yeah.

Well, you know what?

Don't touch anyone for a while and you get used to the load.

This is not good advice.

I think it's great advice.

Use your mind instead.

Just start like feeling in yourself unless you got a bone zone and get to it.

Yeah.

Okay.

You don't even know what that means.

I'm going to rub stuff.

Do you even know what a bone zone is referring to?

Yeah.

It's the bone in my testicles.

And I'm going to take them, put them in places that I haven't figured out yet.

I haven't figured that part out.

Okay.

Good thing.

That's a good thing.

Look, baby boy, boy.

I worry that, you know, Hannah has a good point here.

I think that, you know, you need the love and compassion of another human being in order to be a fully functioning adult, I think.

Oh, so you're saying I'm not a fully functioning boy right now?

Is that what you're saying?

That's what I mean.

I mean, you know, you're.

You know, look, I think a very adult thing is being able to work through conflicts such as this one and, you know, baby boy, boy, I just think that there is, well, if you're not, if you can't have a child like experience, even as an adult, that sounds like a grim life.

Yeah, I don't know.

I get into this too, where I start talking and I don't know where it's going to end up.

Oh, wow.

And then I just the question before that I did it.

And I was like, man, I feel like I stuck the landing a little bit, but how do you feel about what you just do?

And I want to tell you something right now.

And that is I've never opened my mouth in my life and had it not to be what you just described.

Okay.

And I relate to this so hard right now.

One time.

Yeah, exactly.

So, and you would think that someone like me wouldn't be doing what I do.

And you would.

But is it not the nature of podcasting?

That's true.

I mean, look, if everyone knew what they were going to say, you know, when they started talking to on a podcast, it would be an audio book, like your mom's book right now, which I have no idea what it's called.

Anyway, getting back to baby boy boy.

What what, uh, I just want to answer this question.

Oh, yeah.

You know, said like, I don't know.

Is it a question or what?

Oh, you better believe it.

Do you remember what you said?

I remember saying shit.

What did I?

There was something about finding joy.

Yeah.

And that happened.

Okay.

Yeah, we're back on.

They're like, I play arena football.

Can you get a better joy than that?

Wow.

It's endorsed.

More about your head baby boy boy.

Yeah.

I'm worried about your head.

We're home.

And I have a concussion.

Tell the truth.

It is an adult thing.

That's a reference.

Yeah.

See what you did.

Did you see that movie?

You only see our rated movies.

I do.

Yeah.

What's your favorite one?

Yeah.

It's what's kind of tricky because he's an adult but a she.

Okay.

Yeah.

I haven't seen it.

I mean, I got to check that one out.

Do you think my house is in it?

I'm only going to watch movies.

My house is in.

Oh, then have you seen Ratatouille?

They drew it in there.

So yes, I have.

Okay.

Wait, have you seen Ratatouille?

That's Kidmoved in a watch cartoon.

Yeah.

No G-rated movies.

They make adult cartoons like Miyazaki films.

Right.

But have you seen Bucket List?

Miyazaki.

So that's the kind of thing you have seen.

Yeah.

If there's a Morgan Freeman, if there's a Michael Caine, if there's a Glenn Close, I've probably watched it.

Okay.

Yeah.

What's your deal with books?

What is the deal with books?

You're a sign phone inside of you.

This is your style of comedy by the way.

What's your deal with books?

Not at all.

Are you, I mean, I certainly think that reading is a pleasure that people, see, I'm doing it right now.

I noticed.

You start strong.

You start reading.

I certainly think that reading is.

Anyone who is.

Personally, I think those are two great words next to each other.

But then that's where it starts to really get dicey.

You know, it's an adult.

Reading is for people of all ages, but it is a pleasure of adulthood, especially on those higher levels.

Yeah.

Do you read medical textbooks or what is it?

Yeah, I've been reading like Don Quixote because that's an adult book they try to force on kids that they shouldn't.

Oh, interesting.

I know the whole Don Cine thing.

You know what I mean?

I don't.

Do you?

I got an idea.

Okay.

Yeah.

So you read Don Quixote.

That's it.

I don't want to read other books because it's like paper and I care about the environment.

So, okay.

I know that's, yeah.

Babyboyboys, actually.

I mean, I think look in the lab, they've got some, a couple things, right?

I mean, at least they're giving you that and I'm doing it again.

That's why I know, I mean, honestly, like it, it, it, up till that point right there, it was really strong.

Yep.

By the way, that's a thing that happens, guys.

I hiccup now.

It happened six months ago.

Really hasn't stopped.

What do you think about that dude?

What's his name?

Belisario or whoever he, Belisario John Belisario.

Who are you talking about?

Bill de Blasio.

The, the, uh, the leader of that country who can't stop hiccuping.

I didn't hear about this.

He's been hiccuping for six months.

A sister.

Yes.

In the hiccup or you'll love his politics to live in.

You're doing your bonding.

You're bonding with someone over your ailment.

Yes.

And you ain't getting physical in any way, right?

I suppose not.

You can look at that relationship, unnecessary touch.

You could DM him maybe and like just, do you, is that primarily the type of conversation that you do?

Because that's what, that's what adults do.

They tax the DM.

Oh yeah.

I do a lot of DM.

You slip into a DM?

I slip, I slide, I get blocked and then I find another route, you know?

That does sound like a boy, boy.

Yeah.

That's really nice.

I slip up with the adult version of that, which is a lot of hay.

Hey.

Or hand wave, a motor con, because you answer me.

Yeah.

And then I get mad at them if they don't respond.

Good.

Or even if they do.

Yeah, but they're not the way I want them to do the whole next time.

Yeah, exactly.

You're doing it right then.

Yeah.

I feel like that part I got down.

They love it.

Scientists really know how to date.

So they taught me well when I just do that.

Yeah, that's good.

Yeah.

It's not the physical yet.

I'll get there.

I can only imagine.

Yeah, where are you gonna say?

These sort of parental figure scientists I'm interested in.

Yeah, what is their deal?

I mean, if I wanted to be a scientist, I would think I would want to come up with a cure for cancer or something.

Instead, they're just watching you.

Yeah, I mean, it seems like you're insulting them a bit.

I could be a cure for cancer, right?

Like maybe I bring so much joy and understanding.

And if you play me in a little bit of bridge or my junk, maybe you're like, whoa, whoa.

It's true.

I think the laughter is the best medicine.

And maybe you bring to people listening right now and maybe they've staved off death for another day.

And if you do die, it's okay.

We'll bring you right back.

You know what?

I hope you never die.

I'm gonna say that on this show.

And I'll give that to you, Hannah as well.

Oh.

I hope you never die.

Thank you.

I mean, well, I don't know.

You don't want that.

It feels like that feels like that.

Take it back.

I hope you die soon.

Thank you so much.

That's much better for me than I've never died.

Really.

How long do you want to be on this Earth?

You know, it really depends.

It does.

It depends on like what's going on with your life, what's going on with the world in general.

I think 80 is perfectly fine.

I don't expect to make it there.

That's what I mean.

I mean, 80 sounds good to me.

But at the same time, what if they're like rampaging marauders and it's a post-apocalyptic future?

You know, do you really want to be an 80?

I don't believe in the Mad Max world.

Yeah.

Although Tina Turner, she was like 60 or something in it.

She was looking good.

That's a good point.

I just, I think that we're going to start to see some really scary stuff happening in the next couple of years.

Two years tops.

Yeah.

Everything will just be on fire, don't you think?

On fire.

And also...

You said it and also...

You got weird.

You got real weird.

And then pause for a long time.

Did you have nothing else?

You know what?

I was in the...

I was up in the nog and I was searching around.

Anything going on in there?

Rattle, rattle, rattle.

Boys, I need three words for the opposite of on fire.

It was that.

It was on fire.

It didn't come through.

What is it?

Not flooded.

Flooded?

Dry.

Frozen.

Let it go.

No, because I'm thinking of water, not ice.

You're thinking of water.

So everything will be...

Flooded.

You're saying...

You keep saying dry.

She keeps saying water.

Okay, interesting.

Well, look, we're going to...

We have to take a break if that's okay.

But baby boy boy.

Can you stick around?

Because I'd like to figure this out what word she's thinking.

Or the three words.

We're going to take a break.

We're going to collect our thoughts.

Yeah.

And now you won't know who this is.

But coming up after the break, Tommy, the green power ranger is here.

Now you have no interest in this, baby boy boy.

I got no interest in colors.

I'm an adult.

It's not a color thing.

It's more...

Well, anyway.

We're going to be right back.

Hannah will really solidify exactly what she...

Maybe you're talking about water solidifying in ice, you know?

I wish I had two minutes.

Of commercials to figure most things out.

I'll tell you now.

Any, by the way, even if we're 30 seconds into the next thing, and you need to take a break, just say, let's go to a break.

We're going to break.

I'm going to do that in my actual life.

Okay, good.

We're going to be right back with more baby boy boy, more Hannah Einbinder, and Tommy the green power ranger will be here.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Hannah Einbinder, did you figure out what you were going to say?

I mean, it really was what I said originally.

Yeah, it was flooded.

Flooded, great.

Everything's going to be flooded.

And I'm still not happy with it, but that's as best as I can.

It's not as precise as you want it to be, I can tell.

Do you believe it after a break still, the same?

Yeah, tsunami's...

On fire is just too good.

It's not that flooded or some homies aren't.

It's that on fire.

And there's so many ways to say it, on fire, a flame, the rest.

I bet Steve Martin would say it real well.

I think you're right about that.

You must love Steve.

He's a classic.

He's very precise in his language.

Do you like Steve Martin?

What's your favorite statement?

You must have seen the jerk.

The jerk, but that Oscars, when he hosted them Oscars.

Okay, now I love that one.

Yeah, he does the stuff he said.

You must have loved planes, trains and automobiles, because that's...

It's R-rated because of all of the efforts that he screamed at the car rental person.

And they proved me right when they snuggle in the bed with the junkie Andy, he don't like it.

That's not a...

Where were you proof right on?

You don't need touch.

You're trying to figure out what point you made earlier about junk candy and not liking snuggling with it.

Oh no, I love junk candy.

One of the best.

I love that guy.

Yeah.

A wonderful human being, of course, you can listen to an earlier episode with Conan O'Brien, where he talks about meeting him, I believe.

So check that one out.

For approximately, I don't know, two years ago.

Okay.

So we have to...

What were you to say?

I was going to say, you know I love Conan and you know I love John Candy.

Okay.

Well, the two great tastes that taste great together, they met and he drove him around, I believe.

Interesting story.

Back when no one...

Before he had a show, he drove him around at Harvard.

Conan was a driver?

Cool.

He went from driver and he...

Here's what happened.

He drove onto the set of that television show and they're like, shit, he's here.

He crashed into the desk.

Let's just put him on camera.

It was an incredible story.

And he talks about it, of course, exclusively on Comedy Bang Bang.

But speaking of Comedy Bang Bang, we do need to get to our next guest on Comedy Bang Bang.

Are you excited about this, Hannah?

I don't know if you know anything about these people.

I only know that their costumes are chic and they're here and they mean business.

Okay.

So the three great things, of course, we'll see if all of that applies to our next guest.

But he is the green power ranger.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Tommy.

Oh.

Oh, thanks for having me.

Oh, thank you, man.

Ow, you stuck.

You...

Ugh, got me.

It kind of got me in the side.

Sorry, I'm used to just coming into a room ready to fight.

Oh, that's okay.

I guess I should have expected it.

Yeah.

It's really nice to just kind of take a break from the whole Power Ranger thing instead of being nice.

I'm exhausted.

What's on your mind, bud?

Honestly, that I didn't fucking sign up for this.

Oh.

All right.

I don't know what you're talking about.

Well, I'm a Power Ranger.

Being on the show?

No.

This is...

You didn't do the sign up sheet?

No, I just got to be on the guest store.

I got to be on the guest store.

That's how I got on that.

Yeah.

She finally got around to her.

I called out her name and she'd been waiting in the lobby for a long time.

No, I actually got beamed here.

My leader Zordon can just turn me into a beam of energy and he can put me anywhere he wants me to without my consent.

Really?

Yeah, looks like I probably got beamed here, which is why I came in fighting.

Oh.

For sure.

Most of the times I get dropped and I'm ready to roll.

Well, let's talk about...

Because baby boy boy here.

This is baby boy boy.

Nice to meet you.

He has no conception of who you are or what we're talking about.

The Power Rangers, we've seen videos of your exploits over the years.

My name's Tommy.

I'm the Green Ranger.

I'm a part of the Power Rangers.

We defend Earth from Reed Rapulsa in Goldar, which are some real baddies.

They were actually frozen on the moon for about 10,000 years.

Oh yeah, red something on the news about that.

Yeah.

They're back.

And we have to fight them.

I think I heard about this, but it's one of those things where you read about it and then it's like, because it's happening so far away, it doesn't feel like it's...

Is this even real?

Yeah.

Is this even real?

But it truly is.

You're out of time.

That's how I feel about my life, butts.

Oh shit.

What'd you say butts?

Butts.

Yes.

I thought you called us butts.

You guys are a bunch of butts.

I thought you said life butts.

I thought it was my life butts.

I wish my life was as simple as just calling a group of nerds butts.

What do you think?

Weird nerds?

Excuse me.

I'm rolling my own cigarette over here and I'm just going to do your gaxet over here.

This one just came from a freaking bar.

I'm sorry.

They're bars, hair and hair.

I'm going to apologize.

Look at that.

I can't apologize.

Yeah.

We're nerds.

Yeah.

Big guy boy.

You're in a green onesie and you're an adult.

Do you think I want to be in a green onesie?

Do you think you guys don't want my entire wardrobe to be full of green?

I go to my closet, my underwear is green, my socks are green, my shirts are green.

I'm not allowed to deviate.

I'm not your wearing underwear because I was wondering about that.

You came to the...

I'm swinging, Scott.

Do you get to go emerald in like forest?

No, it's the same palette of green.

It's going to stay in town.

Could you imagine that?

Your entire life?

You just wear green now?

Do you get a choice?

It's all green.

You have white accents.

You are like one of those eccentric women in Brooklyn whose entire house has everything green in it.

Except, obviously more value to society.

Sorry.

Thank you for recognizing my efforts.

I appreciate that.

You're really coming down hard on these women who...

You only have one color in their house in Brooklyn.

Look, if I got to think about them all day, they're going to get it.

That's true.

There was where I used to live.

There was the purple lady we called her because you'd see her walking around all day and wearing just only purple everywhere.

That's a real mind fuck.

Was this a power ranger or is she a power ranger?

Not that I know of.

I don't know any purple rangers.

Oh, okay.

Great.

How did you get into this?

How did you get into the...

Literally?

Literally.

Yeah.

Literally.

Yeah, she controlled my mind and gave me a power coin turning me into the green ranger.

This sounds crazy.

That is literally what happened.

I want to be...

Can I be on it?

I want to be a high school kid.

Where are you in high school with the...

Yeah.

I was a normal high school kid who had an affinity for the martial arts, okay?

An affinity.

What do you mean by that?

You wasn't my passion, but I was good at it.

Oh, yeah.

That's how I made this creep Rita Repulsa.

What's her name?

Rita Repulsa.

You're telling me this can't believe I got it, right?

You're telling me this creep Rita Repulsa is in the goddamn bleachers of the karate match, looking at kids and controlling them?

Yeah, scouting.

Her base is actually in the moon and she has a telescope that allows her to see everything going on in Earth.

But...

What?

That's neither here nor there.

Literally.

This is even in like our private bedrooms and stuff.

I think she has the ability, but she doesn't use it.

I think she's only looking at the rangers.

Oh.

She's looking at us, so she is spying on me in my home.

That's so...

And that's tough, because I'm a young man and I'm budding.

I want to have some more time.

You are putting.

I'm gonna say...

Thank you.

You're like a flower.

You're just ready to bud, right?

Except I feel like I've been hollted and I've been forced.

You might understand this.

You're gonna have to look on flowers.

Yeah, they bud and then you get it everywhere.

You get pollen everywhere.

Oh man.

I like this kid.

I'm gonna learn from him.

Trust me.

I don't think he knows what he's talking about.

That's true.

So you're in high school.

I was in high school.

Rita Repulsa.

Yes.

She brings out her...

She's just looking at karate matches.

Absolutely.

And she...

What?

She zaps you with a thing?

I'm controlled the Power Rangers, the original five.

They save me.

Oh.

And now I'm a part of their team because I was given a Powercoin.

Did you replace the previous Green Ranger?

No.

I was the first and only Green Ranger.

Oh, you rescind your possession of this coin?

No, I can't.

You can't spend it?

I'm bound with the coin, unfortunately.

Bound how?

Like it's part of your physicality?

It's more of a soul-bind kind of like a Damon and fellow plumens.

Oh, yeah.

I know exactly what you...

Yeah, okay.

Is there a gap here?

Excuse me?

Is there a gap here?

I'm stuck doing this.

I don't get to go on dates.

I don't get to go on dates with a rum spring.

No, I'm forced into almost a militaristic lifestyle.

Wow.

You know?

That's all you signed up for just because you had...

What, did you have a yellow belt in karate?

I was a triple degree black belt.

Okay, well, you're really good at it.

I mean, what else were you gonna do?

What else am I gonna do?

I was gonna start a band.

I wanted to be like G.G. Allen.

Oh, I wanted to be a G.G. Allen type rocker.

No one should be a G.G. Allen type rocker.

I know that guy's cool.

He does everything that you're not supposed to.

You eat shit and you don't want to be him.

I eat shit.

You eat shit would be better than being a ranger, okay?

Is it the nature of the crimes you're called to stop?

I'm killing people.

Oh my God.

What?

I'm killing putties.

I'm killing men who look like pigs.

I'm killing men who look like storms and tempests.

Oh no.

They grow large and I'm forced to control a zord.

Is the fact...

Is this fucked up?

Is it the fact that they don't look especially humanoid?

Is it make it easier to kill them or...

You know, honestly, there is something about an anthropomorphic animal that does make it a little...

Yeah, it dehumanizes them and makes them more...

But I know that they have souls and I have to carry that burning around.

I'm 17.

Yeah.

Do you know what it's like to...

Yeah, it just sounds like you're a hunter.

Excuse me?

I mean, hunters, they kill a bunch of animals.

Yeah, that's true.

I mean...

Not my human.

Just because society has progressed to the point where now people can start bands doesn't mean that, you know, I mean, like, if this were caveman times, you would just be a hunter and you'd be happy doing it.

But it's not.

Can I just get like an ounce of empathy?

I'm like telling you that I'm essentially...

Look, you've come to the last show of you.

If you want empathy.

You want empathy?

I'm going to say something right now and you better believe I haven't thought of it or prepared.

I like that you have the preamble though, which gives you time to formulate.

I know that.

Yeah, I like this.

Okay, go ahead.

What I'm going to say is I think that our reaction to you in this moment is based in our feelings that we don't want to have to internalize the depth of your pain.

And so we're trying to create these examples and these reasons why you should like your life, but that's to assuage our own guilt on your behalf.

And it makes you go home.

You guys aren't really doing anything to save you.

Okay, well, I wouldn't go that far.

You guys are...

I mean, I drive a Prius.

Yeah, so do I.

You don't.

You mean human behavior study.

I know that you don't.

How do you know that I don't?

So I saw the car that you came in.

All right, sure.

That's my other car.

Yeah, I see.

That's my Tesla.

That's fair.

Look, I am a teen.

I get a little angsty.

Okay.

I get a little hot on the mic.

I'm sorry.

But to your point, Hannah, I do think that the three of us at any point could be snatched up by Rita.

What's her name?

Rudner?

Repulsa.

Rita, repulsa.

Rita, Russ Vakus.

Yeah.

What?

Any of us could be snatched up at any time.

I mean, I am a quadruple black belt in karate.

So I could.

Is there an age limit?

Is it like Minuto?

Where if you age out of this?

Absolutely.

It's an under 18 sign up.

So yeah, when do you turn 18?

I got a full year.

I got a full, but once you're in, you're in.

It's like the military.

Oh my God.

You don't just get to just deviate out.

That should be illegal.

Like they can't.

Yeah.

Are you aging?

Yeah.

I'm other than being a power ranger and a normal guy with normal wants.

Like I want to be.

I want to go to party.

I want to be fucking ripping blinkies.

You don't know what the deal is.

You don't know what a blink is?

No, I know what that is.

I want to be, you know, when you smoke a cart, when you got a weed cart.

What?

Like a weed vape.

What?

Doyinks.

That's all day.

Fat Doyinks.

I don't know blazing fat Doyinks.

I want to be hitting blinkies.

I famously don't know what ejuice is and I never want to know.

Great.

It's when you rip a pen until it blinks until it turns off.

Yeah, I'm ripped a pen.

You ripped it.

You're talking about your golfers.

I know I have been lining them up.

I'm trying to kick back with a two for five.

All right.

I want a two for five.

I'm going in a club.

I'm getting my free gift.

Yeah, I want to hang out.

I feel that.

Instead, I'm protecting your asses.

I'm keeping readable from repulsive away from this fourth degree.

Is it only Rita Repulsa and her?

I mean, there's a lot of baddies.

It's weird that she recruited you and you're stopping her.

I mean, well, she mind controlled me.

So is it?

Okay.

And then I broke free of the mind control.

And who's your guy now?

Zardo Zordon.

Zordon.

He's your guy now and he's the leader.

Yeah.

You can go to the flashlight or something and you get sent somewhere.

Well, we have these watches.

You can talk to us through these watches.

You talk to your watch.

What?

You talk to your watch, bro.

I've never taken them.

Watch off.

What you got to take off your watch.

You're wearing underwear, right?

You said you are.

Yeah.

I know.

What happens if I'm just really dirty under there, even fiddling with your watch.

Like you need to take your watch off at least just to clean your wrist.

You can go under your, yeah, from under your watch.

I'm going to take my watch off.

First of all, you want to go out and get girls.

Baby, I got news for you.

You got to start with the watch.

You can't get those buttons.

It's just fucking disgusting.

Yeah.

Okay.

It does.

There are grubs under here.

Grubs.

Clean your dirty wrist.

Like Lion King style.

Yeah.

The watch is off.

I'm free.

Oh my God.

I'm free.

You're free.

Nothing bad is going to happen.

Yeah.

Nothing bad is going to happen.

It's not real.

Pulsa isn't going to tap the air.

She's probably not too much.

She's probably not even looking at the camera now.

And there's five other rangers.

I'm going to take a look at this one.

It's a tough bit.

We're running out of time.

We only have time for one feature on the show.

That is a little something called plugs.

Kevin.

Nice. That was Kevin.

It's time for plugs by Adam Stone.

Wow. What a powerful sounding name.

Adam Stone.

My life be different if I have that.

It's kind of spoiler though.

Hannah, what do you think Adam Stone looks like?

I think Adam Stone has a square slash rectangular appearance just in general.

Just body shape like silhouette.

There's no curves.

There's something that is 36-36-36.

That's correct.

That's my guesstimation.

Thank you so much Adam.

Regardless of the fact that you look like a rectangle, you are a very talented musician and sent that in for us.

What are we plugging?

Hannah, if you're an Emmy voter, what the fuck are you doing with your life immediately and press that button just smash that funnier die button?

Wait, what are we talking about?

What are you doing with your Emmy voter?

You just like press check.

It's like a check mark thing, right?

You know, are you in the television academy?

I don't think I am.

I bet you're invited then after this year.

Will I be?

Yeah, you'll get to vote on everything.

That's so exciting.

Isn't that something?

I'm sitting up there in one of the major categories.

Obviously not one of the categories that they announce like on there, but I mean, this is like, I mean, this is a big deal.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, this is in the actual ceremonies ceremony.

I think it might be.

I never even made it there.

Look, you know, I'm excited to watch.

Yeah, you what?

I love a live event.

I love a theater.

You do know I love a theater.

You have to know.

The buildings?

The buildings.

I love a theater.

Okay.

And I love to watch live and I can't wait to watch.

Do you like that Nokia theater?

You know me.

I love it.

I go make it tech, make it like a technology and I will be there.

Let's do a dry run.

Microsoft.

Oh, the, what do you call the blacks in the back?

What do you call that?

The curtains?

Yeah, sure.

Yeah, those are great.

Love those.

They're red.

Oh my God.

What is this?

The slipper room?

Nineteen, seven.

Yeah.

I'm, that's glamour.

Yeah, totally.

So, so you'll be in that theater and you'll be, I'll be crossing my fingers for you, but also people should just watch hacks.

I mean, even if you're not an Emmy voter and I don't know anyone who's not one these days, you know what I mean?

Yeah.

But, yeah, I mean, but that's my thing is like anyone I know it's like, well, just get nominated and then you'll be able to be a voter.

Yeah, yeah.

You know what I mean?

It's pretty, it's easy.

Pretty much.

But, although not for me this year, but, um, watch hacks HBO Max.

It's as easy as clicking a button, the little button that says play next to episode one and then you're just going to watch, oh, one and then two and then three.

Is there one that you would say like us get that one?

Um, you know, I, I really don't think you should.

They're all kind of important to the larger story.

You know what I mean?

But I, I recommend not binging.

Really?

You, why is that?

I think that, I think that binging in general is, is something that I'm against.

It makes everything seem slight, doesn't it?

Like, you know, if, if you can watch something and it's just over in an afternoon, it's, you know, like, but really stretch it out.

I would say what I like to do is I like to binge 30 minutes at a time.

Right.

You know?

Yes.

Get the, get all those 30.

You're doing minute after minute after minute.

You're doing it 30 times in a row.

That's a lot.

That's, I'm already exhausted when I do that.

You know, you know, then I turn off the TV and I go outside of my house and I go play.

Yep.

And then I come back, and then I come back at night when, when it's dinner time or supper time.

When, when, when you're called back in.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Yeah.

And then I go right to sleep, right after dinner.

Absolutely.

This is what people should do.

Well, that's a milk.

On HBO Max, although not anymore.

Yeah, I wouldn't necessarily.

Camel milk though.

Camel milk.

Yeah.

Obviously.

Anything else you want to plug?

I mean, these are your plugs.

Um, I, you know, I do.

Kipschows coming up.

I do.

I have, I run like I do a local, I do a monthly show.

Local food bank.

Oh, it's a comedy show.

Okay, go ahead.

I do.

Yeah.

Something selfless actually is what I was going to say.

Sure.

Um, I do a dynasty typewriter.

I have last Sunday of every month, um, songs, uh, September.

I will be there.

Okay.

And it's, uh, you, uh, run it or hosted or what?

It is.

Uh, it's like a headliner show and I have guests.

I have musicians and comedians and.

Okay.

And what is it called?

Does it have branding or is it just, you just do it?

You just go look up my name on the website.

Which website?

dynastytiberater.com probably.

Oh, okay.

Or Google.

Yeah.

And I'll be at the, uh, I'll be, I will be at the Charlotte.

Charlotte comedy zone October 6th.

What the?

And I will be in the.

What's the Charlotte comedy zone?

I'm going to find out one way or another.

Just like, uh, like the moment you step in, just it's like comedy zone.

It becomes the comedy zone.

Well, this is now the comedy zone because we're obviously doing it.

Because we're all here.

Yeah.

Whenever any of us go into remit becomes a comedy zone.

So I'm going to be in Charlotte being in the comedy zone.

Okay.

If the airport, you know, when is that?

That's in August or?

That's, that's October 6th.

I've already.

That's October 6th.

Okay.

Right before I'll approximately 25 days before Halloween.

Are you wearing a costume or is it?

Quick map there.

Um, you know, I have.

So one thing I can do on this show, I may not be able to talk, but I do, I can't calculate things like that.

Yes.

And the H2 position.

Sure.

Yeah.

Um, I am always wearing a costume.

That's true.

Are these your clothes or no?

Um, these are not my clothes.

Not an inch of the, the.

Nothing.

Not my shoes.

Not my pants.

Not my shirt.

Not my jacket.

You wearing a wig.

Thank you for having me.

Okay.

So obviously, all right, let's turn to baby boy boy.

What, uh, what do we have?

I am wearing a wig.

You're why?

Cause adults do like old ladies do blue hair.

We put on the blue hair so I can feel what age is like, you know?

Yeah.

Sort of the MJ kind of thing.

I mean, everyone in when you're playing MJ.

When you're playing MJ, everyone there is doing it.

It's mostly women anyways.

Anything to plug though?

I mean, other than your daily MJ and Snooks.

I mean, I like, I like this lady Monica Smith.

So you can look her up on Miss Monica Smith on everything.

She's kind of cool.

I don't know.

She's got a season of punked coming out at some point.

Really?

When but it was shot.

Where she was.

Yeah.

Where she was.

Punking people or where she was being punked.

She plays a bunch of characters.

It would be interesting to me if the new season of pumps was just, was just Ashton Kutcher like, punking an improviser repeatedly.

Yeah.

Like just terrorizing.

Like one person.

Like over 10 episodes, like five times an episode, six times an episode, just constantly just making their life hell.

Is that what it is?

You know, I mean, there's no Ashton anymore.

You know.

Yeah.

This chance the rapper.

Hey, plus Ked.

Oh, wow.

Chance the rapper is there.

Really?

Yeah, it is there.

Between two Ferns movie.

Yeah.

That's why I know them.

That's how primarily people know.

Yeah.

So I'm showing like a couple of years it'll finally come out.

You can watch it.

Okay.

That sounds fun.

I'm a power ranger.

What do you have to plug?

You know, one of my favorite things to listen to when I'm in the Dragonzord fighting crime.

And so.

Well, you're listening to things?

Yeah.

You got, you got 7.1 surround sound in the Dragonzord.

Oh, I didn't know.

Oh, yeah.

We can pump some tunes.

So I would think you'd be focusing primarily on the work, but you have to get there.

There's a commute.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

My Dragonzord lives in the water.

What commute though?

Because I thought you shined a light on you and you just got zapped places.

Yeah.

That's, that's when I need to physically be somewhere.

But when I need to be somewhere with my zord, it's just a straight commute.

It's really, there's no, there's no work around to that.

Zardan hasn't figured out a way to zap you when you have the zord.

I wish.

Did I get the lingo right?

You said Zardan.

I said Zord.

Yeah, you're doing it great.

You're doing great.

I feel understood.

I feel heard.

Okay.

Good.

All right.

But one of my favorite things to listen to is a podcast by comedian Jacob Wysocky called, I don't want to talk about Fight Club anymore, where he attempts to watch Fight Club for 72 hours straight.

Wow.

Every episode he does this or he's like a mini series.

Oh, interesting.

Eight episodes.

A miniature series.

Yes, a small series.

Tyler Durden.

A lot of Tyler.

Oh, so you've said it's an R rated movie.

It's an R rated movie.

What's your favorite feature?

You know, the one with the box head.

That could be all of them.

Seven.

Oh, okay.

I thought that was set seven N.

Seven.

Seven N.

Look, I have nothing to plug other than.

Of course, there's my other show, Freedom, which comes out on Thursdays.

That's Paul F.

Lapkis and myself just hanging out, having fun, playing a game.

And of course, you know, the culmination of Lauren's topics, a very popular feature on that show, just occurred if you are keeping track of her personal life, which I wouldn't even suggest.

Like, why would you do that?

Like, look at her personal life and stuff, but it's out there.

So she broke that news on Lauren's topics and it is finally happened.

So check that out.

I mean, Hannah, you're yawning, but it was very, very exciting.

At least you're not hiccuping.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

I would love to see something open together.

You'd love to start talking because we're listening to this.

And you're not going to be listening to this.

Wow.

By the way, that me saying, wow, that was part of the remix.

That wasn't me just saying, wow, right there.

Wow.

By the way, me saying, wow, right now, that was not part of the remix.

I was me saying, wow, right now.

But that was closing the plug bag parentheses, electro wave remix and parentheses by Pinocchio Grigio.

Boy, that was a good job.

That's my style of music.

I enjoy that.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Hannah.

So good to have you on the show, big fan.

And you're just getting started.

You have another probably three times the life you have now or at least three and a half.

So I look forward to seeing whatever you cram into those years as long as it's not on fire or whatever the opposite of that is.

Which we don't really talk about.

We have no idea.

Because it's triggering.

Yes, of course.

And baby boy boy, so good to meet you.

I mean, you have even more life ahead of you, presuming you both live to be the exact same age.

Yeah.

I mean, I got to go back to the lab.

It's a couple of minutes.

I don't know.

But you're all welcome to join me at the bar at the lab bar if you want.

Wait, there's a bar in the lab?

Yeah, there's a bar in the lab.

That's part of the socialization.

Yeah, you plug right in and you have a drink.

Is it like a true pub outside?

So it's like, you know how guys they have their man cave and they're like, oh, I put a bar in here and I have a tap and all I can say.

Yeah, it's a them cave.

So it's all types of people.

But there's a lot of liquor.

You can sit in the chair, knock out, plug in, you're done.

Yeah.

What about doing the kind of thing that Tommy here wants to do?

What is it you want to do?

What are the blinkies?

I want to rip blankies.

I still, I didn't even want to.

Can you do that at a bar though?

Yeah, I mean, if they allow vaping inside, you can tell you rip a blankie.

Yeah, I would rip a blankie.

You know when you get the winks in there, that's pretty sad.

I don't know what this is.

It's with Thomas.

Yeah, Tommy, great to meet you.

I hope that you get to rip a blankie and nothing happened, right?

I mean, they're...

It seems safe.

Yeah.

Is there any sort of communique that you've received on your watch or anything like that?

We all good Zordon?

We all good Zordon.

Yes, Rangers.

Everything's good.

So many bugs.

I was really worried that something was going to happen and that would be a dramatic point to end the show.

Rangers.

What?

All pulses outside the Year Wolf Studio.

Sorry, I gotta go.

Oh, shit.

Oh, my gosh, Tommy.

It's just...

Oh, wow!

It's worth in time.

Oh, it is catch-free.

It is.

But I'm gonna leave us alone.

Wow.

Yeah, nice.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Poor guy.

Bye.
