♪♪ Time is money, that'll be four hours and 17 minutes for the coffee, sir. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, pretty good. Okay, thank you to...

By the way, these came in from Twitter. Thank you to NARLYWALL, the NARLYNARWALL, for that incredible catchphrase submission.

We're taking catchphrase submissions on Twitter now.

CBB catchphrases is the account. Send them over there.

That is where we get the new catchphrases, and that one, unfortunately, is not going to stick.

I'm afraid we're going to still be on the hunt, which is good for you listeners, because you can still send them in.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. My name is Scott Ockermann, I am the host of Comedy Bang Bang, and we have an incredible show here for you today. Come here a little later, we have a clergyman.

A clergyman! A man of the cloth!

You know, I would imagine that other jobs wear cloth, but I tell you, the clergyman, they really capitalized on that.

They got their marketing out early. We wear cloth! They wanted everyone to know that.

We also have a driver. I wonder if it's mini driver. Oh, that'll be exciting.

From about a boy. And Goodwill hunting. How do you like apples? This is my first question to her.

If it is indeed mini driver, we do not know. We also have a musician of note, and why don't we just get to her?

She's never been on the show before. She is a musician.

Oh, I'm running out of jobs for her. That's it. That's it.

Okay.

Usually people like to be multi-hyphenates, but nope, just musicians.

It's literally it. Do you consider yourself an actress having been in between two firms' movie?

No. Although I am a SAG member, I found out recently.

You had to join SAG for that or for other things.

For some other stuff, I think. Maybe being on that show Saturday Nightlife.

Saturday Night. Is that weird day night? Like choose one.

Although I will say it's on for night for a half hour, only a third of the show, and then it's on during the day for the other two-thirds.

Totally. And it's Sunday is the other two-thirds. This show has terrible marketing.

Unlike our guest, she has incredible marketing. She has been getting her music out there for roughly, let's see, four years since her first album came out.

And her new album, Newish Album, came out last year. It's called Punisher.

And she is currently, not currently, but in a few days she'll be starting the Reunion Tour on September 3.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Phoebe Bridges.

Howdy, everybody.

Howdy. Pasadena's Own.

Yes. I always say I'm from LA and then my mom gives me shit.

Correct you. Really? Is your mom proud of being from Pasadena?

Yes.

Is she's not from Pasadena?

She's from Northern California, but yeah.

What part? The red ones?

Ukaya.

Ukaya?

Ever heard of it?

I have. That's not one of those words that you get to say a lot, so that's fun.

No. AFI is from there too. That band?

Oh, that band? Oh, I thought you meant the American Film Institute.

No.

Because I was going to say, that's a weird place to put it.

Yeah, very weird. It would be super weird.

Welcome to the show. So good to not meet you because of course we met on the aforementioned film with those titular ferns.

And what was it like working with me?

It was honestly terrifying.

Terrifying? What?

I was so nervous.

Not working with me, but the process.

Because I'm fairly easy, peasy lemon squeezy, am I not?

Yes.

I remember though my costume had like really, really hardcore camel toe.

Like natural.

Oh, little CT.

Like it was like off of my body. It had that going on.

Off of your body. What do you mean? Oh, you mean when it was taken off of your body?

The cloth had like an indent of someone's area.

Whoever was wearing it previously was so, it had such hard CT.

So I stood up.

It was like an impression on a vinyl couch.

Exactly. I stood up weird all day.

I was very stoked to be holding a guitar in front of me.

Well now I personally don't look below the eyebrows on a woman, but I don't think we ever tilt it down.

You're a better man than I.

I don't believe I think we got everything in three quarters.

Yeah, no one alerted me to that.

There's some like backstage photos that I would like to never see.

Really?

Yeah.

I have a great photo of you guys in front of the in front of the the marquee.

Don't zoom in too hard on that.

Okay. All right.

I'm making a mental note to not do that.

Don't.

Phoebe, your album Punisher came out approximately one year ago.

How many Marvel fans were upset that the songs were not a rock opera about old skull chest himself, Frank Castle?

You know, as many people as I upset, like it was it wasn't any of the things.

You gained a fan.

Yeah.

For people who were glad that people were upset.

Totally. It wasn't.

I didn't upset anybody with anything that I thought I was going to upset people with.

Really? Okay.

Very unpredictable.

Let's list your controversies.

Yeah.

Smashing that guitar.

Yes.

That was a big one.

Yeah.

On that on that show that we were talking about.

Oh yeah.

Now you smashed a guitar and sparks came out of it.

Yes.

Yeah.

That was a little goofy, but it was.

It was planned.

Yes.

Like people were upset that I like disrespected the stage.

You know what was upset?

Was that dude from, what was he from?

The Birds?

You know, that, you know, what was there band called?

Something Cross.

The flap around in the air.

Cross be still some shit.

Yeah.

The titular Crosby.

Yeah.

The Craz is he's called.

He was, what was he upset about?

He was upset about the guitar being smashed or he was upset about you didn't smash it good enough.

Yeah.

I mean, I was upset that I didn't smash it good enough, but I.

Well, wait, wait, wait.

Now, okay, let's list the guitars being smashed that are good.

Okay.

The who used to do it, right?

You know, I don't even think I've, it's funny because they sent me Dan Electro, the company, the guitar company.

I was like, I'm going to smash this guitar, just warning you.

That's, and by the way, a good musician always does that.

Yeah.

It warns the guitar company.

The guitar, Cobain, you used to do that all the time.

It shoots out little emails before.

Yeah.

By the way, emails were not common back then.

Totally.

But he would do it.

The first email.

He invented email.

Yeah.

I understand.

So, so I emailed the guitar company and they said, oh my God, that's so cool.

And here's a video of someone trying and failing to do it.

FYI, it's really hard because their guitars are built so.

Girthy.

Yes.

It's not working.

I didn't even watch it because I was like, I got it.

You know?

You're a professional musician.

You smashed guitars before.

But anyway, it was super fun.

And then I just went to sleep and I woke up and I pissed off.

Like there's like some asshole in Nashville.

This producer guy said I was a facist.

Was it Kid Rock?

No, he should be.

He should be.

He should not be named.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Do you have a thing with him?

Kid Rock?

Voldemort.

Oh, yeah.

I'd love to piss off Kid Rock.

I'm not famous enough to piss off Kid Rock.

Those days are...

I'd love to piss off Voldemort.

Dude.

That flat nose after me.

Oh, yeah, that'd be so.

Hey dude, get a nose and come talk to me.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

These are the kind of things that I would say to him.

Totally.

Yeah.

In any case, so you smashed it, you went to sleep.

How many hours you get after doing SNL?

It's probably a short time because you're like out there partying until four, probably.

You don't remember.

No, it was actually sad because they were like, the after parties are normally really fun.

Oh, they're canceled.

But now we're just waving.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

It was sad.

Can you imagine being a cast member during the pandemic and just starting the show right when the pandemic starts and you don't get to experience these cast parties?

Can't imagine.

Oh, man.

What a terrible thing.

So you go to sleep, you catch some Z's, you go hankshu hankshu over and over again, and then you wake up and there's the crosses after you because...

And what was the deal with him?

He didn't like the way you...

He didn't like your technique.

I think he thinks it's a disrespectful.

To the guitar.

To the guitars.

And so you had to get it out there that you were...

No, I emailed the company.

Well, also like who literally who gives a...

Sorry, can I curse on this?

No.

Where's do you want to say?

I'm sorry.

Are you going to replace shit?

Do we replace shit on this show?

I don't know.

Shoot.

Well, say shit and shoot.

So in case we replace shit with shoot just so we'll have it clean.

Okay, cool.

You can comp.

Three, two, one.

I don't give a shoot.

Thank you.

Okay, we'll put that in earlier in case.

I don't give a shoot about a fuck.

I don't give a fuck.

Neither a shoot nor a fuck.

No, yeah.

Yeah, it was amazing.

Because I think the worst thing that could happen to me ever and knock on wood is that I piss off people that I like.

Like you know, like actual people who like...

People, your peers, people you respect.

People, yeah.

Or even not only your peers, but you're the...

What do you call them people you look up to that came before you?

Grandpa's?

No.

Grandpa's.

Boyfriend.

Yeah.

No, it would hurt my feelings and it would suck if I like wandered, if I like blundered my way into some conversation I don't know anything about or like piss somebody off where I like actually felt remorse.

I hate doing that, having conversations with people that I don't know anything about them.

No, Phoebe, I was looking at your Wikipedia page this morning.

And now it lists a lot of things that you've done and where you're from and all that kind of stuff.

But then there's a whole section and it's just artistry.

Artistry.

This must be my mom.

How do I get a section on my Wikipedia page that's artistry?

What does it say?

I don't even know.

It's like the type of thing you do or something.

Artistry.

That's crazy.

How do you get that?

I don't know.

I don't even know what that is.

Artistry.

You define that for me.

A whole section on artistry.

Do you want me to look it up?

Yeah.

I can.

I don't know.

I'm talking to you.

Yeah.

But yeah, I don't know how you get that kind of thing.

I've never had anything that good on my Wikipedia page.

That's so strange.

Yeah, it is strange.

Yeah.

My Wikipedia for a while has toured with Julian Baker.

That was really...

That was about the big spin of it.

That was it.

Phoebe Bridgers is known for touring with Julian Baker.

It was like that for years.

Yeah.

What was that tour like?

So awesome.

Yeah.

Where'd you go?

It was like an East Coast tour.

We played one show in Eagle Rock.

East Coast of California.

Yeah.

And then we went to the East Coast.

I feel like she was like auditioning me.

You know, I was like, do this one show and then maybe you'll get the tour.

Really?

Yeah.

Okay.

So now coming up as a musician, you are doing a lot of opening gigs.

And then is...

Obviously, the reunion tour can't be your first headlining tour, can it?

No.

Can it?

Did you do one for your first record?

Yeah.

That was called the Farewell tour.

The Farewell tour.

Oh, so this is why this is the reunion tour.

Yeah.

I get things.

Yeah.

People come on the show and they go, you don't get things.

And but I get them, don't I?

Yeah.

Thank you so much.

So tell me about the reunion tour you're out there.

It starts September 3.

What have you gone for like a month?

Like two months.

It's September, October.

Is that tough to do?

Yes.

And I am slightly terrified.

Yeah.

To be real.

Why?

Because I did it for three years straight, really, before the pandemic.

And I don't know.

I got really good at it.

And then I like I played Largo the other night.

Mm-hmm.

And...

Was that the thing, by the way, you and I were okay.

So Phoebe and I were DMing about doing the show.

And I give her all the information and she writes back and goes, it'll be a secret, right?

Not announced.

And I'm like, looking at this going, does she know what she's doing?

Never heard of a podcast before.

I was like, what I invented is a conversation.

Right.

So I was like, it'll be a secret until it comes out.

I don't know.

What do you want?

And I'm like, oh my God.

And then she's like, I'm sorry.

I thought I was responding to someone else.

Yeah.

And then I realized it was Pete Holmes or Bo Burnham.

It was Pete Holmes.

Pete Holmes.

Yeah.

And me mixed up like Pete Holmes.

Have you heard of anything like this?

It was my two DMs next to each other, you know?

And I'm a nightmare.

I like, I mean, I have showed up for parties like three days early.

Like I just...

A three full, full 72 hours.

I have three full time managers who make sure that I know my social security number, you know?

Oh my, what is it, by the way?

It's okay.

It's a safe space here.

Yeah, safe space.

We'll replace every number with you saying shoe.

Phoebe, you ever play an A chord?

I love a good A chord.

Yeah.

These are the types of questions that I like.

I always do like a missing finger though of the A chord like either.

How do you play?

Do you play with one finger or do you play with a three?

No, with a three.

And so I'll either...

It's hard to get that last the bottom string if you're playing it with a one.

I'm not a huge bar chord guy.

I don't think they sound good.

They sound clinky to me.

You don't like bar chords that are.

At are.

What'd I say?

Not at are.

No, not really.

They show up sometimes.

What are you playing?

Just open Cs, open Ds.

I also play an open tunings a lot.

You play an open tunings?

Yeah, I love it.

I just figured out what those were.

Yeah, it's so great.

It's just like bimbo guitar.

It's amazing.

What does that mean?

You just kind of do whatever and it sounds great and it sounds emo already.

Wow.

This is great.

How many chords did you put on Punisher, do you think?

Not very many if we're talking the number scale, like one, four, five.

Are you just saying numbers right now?

I don't know what you're talking about.

No, but within the scale.

Within the scale.

I used the same method for every key.

So there are probably a lot of chords, but it's just transpose the exact same song.

Meaning you're doing it in different keys and you're doing the exact same chords but in different keys.

Yes.

I understand.

So you're doing about in a song, how many is too little?

How many is too much?

I think three is probably too little, but that's like the bare minimum.

I guess you could do a two chord song.

Fade into you.

That might be four.

But I think- Louis Louis is three.

Am I right?

Is it?

Da na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na na Yeah, yeah.

It's three, right?

Yeah.

And just does the three over and over.

Two few?

There she goes.

That's a great one.

If you can write a two chord song that is compelling, then you're a genius.

Right.

What's the least amount of chords that should be on a song?

Zero?

Well, I like some drone music.

That's probably one though.

Yeah, it's probably one.

Yeah.

I think zero is probably you can't write a song that way.

Yeah, although there's that cool Jeff Buckley record that's just stomping and clapping that one song.

Oh, I don't know that one.

It's cool.

The beer husband beer husband.

Oh, no, be your.

Beer husband.

That's what I want to be to my wife.

The beer husband.

Honey, would you like a beer?

Yeah.

Every 15 minutes.

Yeah.

What is what is going on with the future of Phoebe after this tour wraps up?

Are you, you know, prior to Punisher, of course, you did a couple of EPs with boy genius, of course, and the, oh, God, I want to get this right.

Better husbandry.

Yeah, no, we can.

Animal husbandry of what is it?

That'd be better.

Better of Livia and community center and the Connor wouldn't let me call it.

Can't believe it's not better.

The record.

That's pretty good.

I like that.

I think it's great.

But he wouldn't let you.

What's his deal?

He can take a joke.

He can take a joke, but some he's serious about such weird.

She titles titles are serious titles.

I mean, when he was a kid, like all the bright eyes songs have like ellipses and stuff in the book.

It's like love song and then in parentheses, it'll be like a cold night in Omaha or whatever.

It's interesting the types of like titles that people give song.

Like my friend and I used to talk about new order titles versus pet job boys titles.

So like new order titles are like regret.

And then pet job boys are you only tell me you love me when you're drunk.

You know, I love, I love that shit.

I love it.

I love that shoot.

I love a thank you.

Every single time you say please, let's get it clean.

I love song titles that aren't in the song, but I hate them as a music fan.

Oh, I see because you're trying to like figure out what the song is.

You're a Spotify and you're like, come on.

Like I just gave you five of the lyrics that are in the song.

And then it's none of them.

Right.

That's annoying.

But like your songs Kyoto, for instance, you ever go to Kyoto?

Oh, yeah.

You sleep on a right, Yukon?

No.

Is that the boat?

No.

What is it?

It's the flat mattress.

Oh.

The, you go into the places and they serve you the 10 course of the only sleep on the end of the places.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

But you never slept out.

What'd you sleep on?

Like an elevated bed?

Beautiful at a beautiful hotel.

Really?

How comfortable is that Matt?

I was awesome.

Okay.

It was great.

Phoebe Bridgers is here.

Punisher is out right now.

Came out during the pan, during the demi.

And I could have could have saved it, but could have waited until it was all over.

But instead you put it out and that was probably a good strategy.

Although, you know, art isn't about strategy, but it was, you know, got you the SNL got you Grammy nom.

Did you win the Grammy?

I can't remember.

Grammy loser.

Four time Grammy loser.

God, that's got to sting.

You wish you had just been nominated once and lost the one, but it's technically got to lose over and over again.

I think the four schooler, honestly.

Yeah.

You think you'll get back up there?

I don't know.

It's hard to say.

It's not.

Yeah.

Grammys.

There's a ton of Grammys.

Like you see, here's what you do.

Be like Obama and just like narrate a book one day.

Totally.

And you win one for that.

Yeah.

Spoken word album.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Or just like some kids like they give Grammys for the stupidest things.

So just do one of those dumb things and then you'll get one.

Totally.

Yeah.

I'm trying to think of like the stupidest Grammy ever.

Well, I mean, you know, you don't want to be just kidding.

Does Kid Rock have any Grammys?

He probably does.

I hope so.

I hope.

Do you want to win something that Kid Rock has won already?

You know what I mean?

Kind of.

Yeah.

I think that's that's every problem about me that I could even.

Do you just want to follow in the footsteps of Kid Rock?

Kind of.

And when does he become adult Rock?

I'm working on my state.

So like now that everything's opening back up again, I'm kind of working on some rock.

Ah, well, Phoebe Bridger is the reunion tour is this week starting up again.

You'll be out there in Chicago, Pitchfork Fest and is there anywhere where music has heard?

Yeah.

Greek and L.A.

The Greek.

That'll be fun.

What day is that?

21 and 22, right?

Of September?

Of October.

So approximately 10, 9 days before Halloween.

Is that scary when you think about it?

I fail a math.

I mean, yeah, super spooky.

It is, right?

Oh, by the way, speaking of spooky, you bring it up those that skeleton costume for this tour.

Oh, yeah.

Because people, if they come and they're like, she didn't have the skeleton thing.

They've seen, you know what I mean?

That'll be disappointed, right?

Yeah.

But it's the weirdest part about this experience is you know, you put out a record normally and you just immediately are on tour.

Right.

And so it's been, it'll have been two years since we played a show when we start playing.

And I've also been wearing a skeleton costume like every day of my life for two years.

For two years.

Like, oh, done.

And is it the same one or is it?

No, I, I, the first one was like, just super cheap Halloween costume.

And then this cool designer, Amber Doyle, made arts for SNL that we're going to take on tour and they're like, reflecty and awesome.

And they're like, but I guess what I mean is, is, is, did they only make one for you and you got to wear the same one over and over or do they, do they make seven for you?

They made one.

So okay.

I, you could know.

You could smell like a trash can.

It's going to be good.

Yeah.

Why don't you put this time?

Why don't you like switch it up and wear like a skin costume or something?

Totally.

Like, you know, like blood.

Like covered in gore.

Yeah.

That'd be great.

That'd be awesome.

The TV Bridges is here, the reunion tour, this, this Thursday or something, it starts September three.

It's also, also out, but people can hang around, try to jump the fence, try to get in.

Yeah, get in there.

You ever do that when you're young, like jump the fence and try to get into a shower?

Yeah.

Which one, which ones did you get in for free?

I'm trying to think honestly.

You ever do the whole lick your hand for the stamp and, you know, someone has a stamp to get in and then you look, you, you lick their hand.

You're just like, like evaporating your hand out of a wristband for your friend.

Yes.

To like, hop the fence also.

Exactly.

You ever make your wrist really big when they put the wristband around you?

Like, you hold your breath really hard.

You just like, pump iron and then make your wrist super big.

Yeah, totally.

All right.

Well, Phoebe Bridges is here.

We have to take a break.

Can you stick around?

Hell yeah.

Cause we have other guests here.

You, we have a man of the cloth.

Wow.

Yeah.

And then we have a driver.

And do you think it's many driver?

Have you ever met her?

No.

You don't know who many driver is?

Many driver.

You ever saw my memory?

Well, okay.

Now it implies that it's like the driver of a mini cooper, right?

Or I was thinking like a tiny miniature driver.

Right.

Like, like whoever pulled the coach up and wizard of Oz, you know, one of those munchkins.

Totally.

But instead, many driver is a person who was in movies like Gross Point Blank and Goodwill Hunting.

You ever see that?

Yeah.

So adorable.

I have a crush on her.

Okay.

Great.

Well, I hope it's her then.

Yeah.

Okay.

And then that crush will go, will be required.

Cool.

Hopefully we'll see.

Well, that'll be my first question.

Mini driver, are you interested in dating Phoebe Bridges?

We'll see how that works.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we will have the clergyman.

We'll have the driver.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

Phoebe Bridges is here and it was just announced in some sort of a word.

A word puzzle or something like that, right?

The Taylor Swift, you're on her new record.

Is that, what are you doing on that?

Yeah.

Singing.

Oh, that's fun.

Yeah, she's releasing all these unreleased songs from the Red Arrow.

The Red Arrow, which every song is about Jake Gyllenhaal.

Is that right?

Is it weird to be singing about Jake Gyllenhaal?

You're singing like Jake, Jake.

I'm assuming these are the lyrics.

Yeah.

Those are exactly.

Well, the reunion tour is starting September 3 out there for two months.

How much laundry do you bring?

Well, I always skim the top of my suitcase.

There's just untouched stuff.

There's stuff you bring that you're like, I'll need this and that you never.

Do I need my anxiety medication or this eye palette that I haven't ever, ever touched?

I think I just like...

What's an eye palette?

Like makeup.

Oh, okay.

I thought you were trying to say iPad in you.

Like an eye palette.

There's a lot of magical thinking that goes into packing for tour.

I'm like, you pack for who you want to be.

So aspirational pants.

That's a good album title.

That's a racial pants.

Run that by Connor.

See what he thinks.

Totally.

What do you think of this, Connor?

We can put up her emphases at the end of it.

Aspirational pants.

Yeah.

All right, Phoebe Bridges is here.

We have to get to our next guest though.

He is a clergyman and this is exciting.

You religious person at all.

I can imagine we'll get into this with the clergyman.

No.

Not at all.

Not even one Iota.

Not even an Iota.

All right.

I want to imagine a big guy with a long beard up there sitting on a cloud.

I have a song about this, but I wish.

It sounds relaxing.

It does.

It sounds like to live up there those clouds?

Yeah.

Dude.

Just to like even if everything sucks, if you know that your life is in someone else's hands a little bit.

Right.

Sounds like I could sleep at night like that.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, maybe this gentleman can help with that.

I don't know where he practices.

Is that the right word?

Ask me.

You could just ask me.

I haven't introduced you yet, sir.

I'm sorry.

You're not supposed to talk until I say your name.

I get excited.

You are excited.

I love that you're excited to be here.

Maybe I'm excitable.

All right.

Well, he is a clergyman and I've said that several times at this point because there's no other information here.

Well, what else do you want to know?

Just ask me.

Well, I haven't introduced you yet.

Okay.

Well, let's take it back.

Okay, take it back to what?

Okay.

He's a clergyman.

Back to one man of the cloth.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Pasta Pasta.

Mm.

Happy to be here.

Yeah.

Hello, everybody.

Hello.

You know what?

There's only.

Say my name again.

Say my name.

Uh-huh.

I know.

Part one.

I know it's around you.

Say baby.

Why Cliff remix?

No.

Okay.

Well, he, he was.

He helped out.

I think he helped out.

I remember.

He did.

No, no, no.

Yes, yes, yes, yes, he did.

When they asked him to do no, no, no, he was like, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe, maybe turn into a yes, yes, yes, and somebody said, amen.

Okay.

Welcome to the show, Pasta Pasta.

Thank you so much, maybe.

Mrs. Phoebe.

Phoebe, it is a pleasure to meet you.

I hear you're not religious.

I'm not.

Not religious at all.

Mm-hmm.

Okay.

That's beautiful.

Can you convert her?

I could damn try.

My hardest.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm not going to go to God Ted Talk.

Okay.

Yeah.

Boy, what if God did a Ted Talk?

I'm not going to like something to her baby.

This is a good sketch for a funny or die.

No, no, wait a minute.

Oh, no.

What if God was actually one of us?

Oh, shit.

I've never even thought about that.

Now, y'all about to piss me off today.

Let me get to my sermon.

I have a word.

I have to say shoot.

Sorry.

Shoot.

Okay, we got a call.

And what do I say?

Y'all pea in me off?

Yes, please.

Okay.

Now, you are a man of the cloth.

We mentioned that before.

I am a man of the cloth.

I'm going to go ahead and get started.
