♪♪ I am undeterred by this undeterred. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Yes! Yes!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you so much to Sausage of Content.

Sausage of Content. Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission.

I don't think that one's gonna stick, unfortunately. That's not gonna be the permanent one.

The hunt continues. And the podcast continues. Welcome back to the show.

This is a very special outdoor bang bang here. We're out in the backyard.

You know, the sun is shining and our guest wants to say something. He's pointing up at the sky.

This is not that sunny. It's not sunny, which is great.

Yeah.

Because if it were really sunny, then we would be, you know, I don't know if you know this, but with the sun comes heat and we would be hot. I thought you were gonna say we'd be in Philadelphia.

Oh, that's right, because as always, does this title make sense?

I don't know. I know it never ends in Southern California.

Tony Tony Tony said that.

That's right. Tony Tony Tony said that? Raphael Siddique and the other Tonys?

And the other two Tonys. Why were they called Tony Tony Tony?

Because it's a name that you never forget.

That's true, especially like if you say something three times, they always say in advertising, people need to hear something three times in order to know what to think.

Yeah. So he got it out of the way right out of the gate.

Tony Tony Tony. Remember?

And they spelled each Tony differently. That's true. Yeah.

What was your favorite Tony spelling?

T-O-T-A-U-N. Oom loud. Oom loud. The loudest oom lot.

Backslash. HTTP.org. E-I-G-H-L. E-I-E-I-O.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Welcome to the show. Great riff right there. That is an example of what we do here on Comedy Bang Bang. We're in the backyard. My name is Scott Ockerman. I'm the host.

Come maybe a little later. We have a really interesting show. We have a cow farmer will be on the show a little later. Very interesting. We also have a podcast guest. That's right.

The answer seeker will be here coming up later. Oh, cool.

And that person is a podcast guest, not professionally, but is a guest on this one podcast. We also have a returning favorite here.

He's been on the show. Gosh, as long as we've been doing it, you were there back in the old radio station days in the first year. And, you know, I would say this is what? Your 10th appearance, maybe? Something like that? Could that be 12 years? Yeah, probably somewhere around there.

Probably not. Who knows? I'm going to go with seven. Seven?

No, definitely more than seven.

Really? Yeah, you've done more than seven. I could look it up if you want.

Honestly, I black out for most of them. I get it. Seventh.

So do I.

Ecstatic. What about that dad from Seventh Heaven? What do you think about him?

Not good, right? I don't know. Is that a thing? Yeah, look it up. Look it up after the show.

Can I Google it now? Please have a goog. Okay. If you can spare a goog, I know you're almost at your limit with how many googs you have in a month. What if you could only Google so many things in a month? What a boy. What a world that would be.

And then after that, it was like Google Prime, and you had to pay for it. I don't know. I don't know if I would Google as many things, quite honestly. I would for sure cut down on my Googling.

For example, looking up the dad from Seventh Heaven. You probably like if you were on right on the cusp and it was like you only get three more Googles this month. And by the way, we're close to the end of this month. I know we're not when you're listening to this, but would you have wasted a Google on that in retrospect?

I wish I hadn't done a free one on it. It's just a bummer.

Yeah, exactly.

Well, wait a kick things off. Certainly. But he's our old friend. He's been on the show several times. He thinks seven, I think 10, and maybe somewhere in between is where the truth lies.

But you know him as detective God, I want to say Andy Barker. No, that's from the office.

Detective Jake Tapper. Detective Jake Tapper on Brooklyn 99, whose series finale is coming up on September 16th, one hour series finale. And he had a great movie last year called Palm Springs.

And we're next to my pool and there's a floaty in it and he's I'm sure he's getting PTSD from it.

Please welcome back to the show, Andy Samberg. My God, give a name. Thank you, Scott. Yes.

Scott gave you that name, not your parents. Yeah, God. Hey, look, I've been listening to a lot of Donda. So I'm in it. Okay, good. G slash D. What's your favorite Donda track?

So far, probably off the grid. Okay. But I've listened to it once.

Yeah, that's true. And he repeats like three songs in it.

So I feel like those are the ones I know better than the other ones. Yeah. What about Donda clown?

Donda clown? What if he called it Donda clown? Donda clown? Okay. Donda clown? Can I say this a few more times? I don't. Does it make sense? No, it doesn't make sense to me. I'm Donda clown.

You're like down to clown? Yes. I'm Donda clown. It's like a Dutch guy saying down to clown. I'm Donda clown. What if a Dutch guy came up to you and like, and assuming you're into the Dutch guy and he was handsome and you were, you were, you leaned that way and everything was cool. And you were like about to have sex with him. And he said, I'm Donda clown. And I'd be like, Oh, this guy is in the clan.

Andy, welcome back to the show. And it's, it's a pleasure having you, especially on the cusp of the series finale of Brooklyn nine nine guys. You made it. You really made it? What is it? Eight seasons?

Yeah. Eight seasons. Did you, I remember when you started it, did you think it would ever make it to eight? I remember you saying you were like, you know what, eight is great. I got, I hope we make it to eight because eight is great. Yeah, I will it be our fate? We'll have to wait.

Sure. And we've waited and it is your fate. And here you are. And it all came true. Everything that we said that day, I think eight is enough. Hmm. How many seasons do they do nine nine?

They did 99 seasons. What if a show went for 99 seasons?

Like, will the Simpsons get there after Dan Castellineta and everyone passes away and different people are doing it? I mean, they're already, you know, replacing some of the people on it. I believe my friend Gray is on the show now replacing someone. And you know, I mean, eventually they can just replace everybody, right?

Well, animation can go forever. Yeah. But 60 minutes could do. That's also true.

Season 99 of 60 minutes is keep replacing. Yeah. The news people. Exactly. What show could not go for that long? Um, ostensibly the 99th precinct in Brooklyn will still exist after all or do you guys like shut out the lights like it's new hard or whatever and go like, Oh, this place is closed down. I'm no spoilers. Hmm. No light spoilers. No light spoiler. Okay. So we don't know but no, I just mean, we'll only do like big spoilers. No light spoilers. Like little things that don't matter. So what's the last line? Everyone dies. What?

Just your character and I forget his name, but it's Jake, right? Isn't it? Yes. Yeah.

Does he like sit back at the end? Like everyone leaves the police station. Uh huh.

And they're like, well, there's no more crime. That happened. I mean, that idea was floated.

Just now suddenly God comes down and abolishes sin and he basically like flips the switch in everyone's brain where like, okay, there's no temptation anymore. He like sees the devil and he grabs the devil's pitchfork and he pokes the devil in his own butt with the pitchfork and he's like, get out of here. And the devil's like, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I don't know what I was thinking.

And he goes away and then everyone's like, Oh, wow. I none of us feel like doing crime anymore.

And then Jake and everyone goes, well, I guess I'm out of a job. And then everyone slowly leaves and says goodbye to each other. Maybe Tyler Moore style gives each other a big hug. Yes.

And then Jake is there at the very end going like, well, I gotta say, this certainly was in Brooklyn. Wasn't that the end of Seinfeld? I think it was.

Yeah. You're closer than you might think.

Really? Oh, yeah. About all the devil stuff for sure.

No, but I liked that version. Yeah. I would definitely.

Should we film that?

If someone wants to put up the money to shoot that ending, I would for sure show up.

Who do you want to play? You like because I'd like to play Jake if that's okay. You could play the devil, maybe? Yeah. Who gets who gets who's really weak and pathetic and is like, I'm sorry. God. Screw you. We can do that and then put it as an extra on like the DVD or something like that. That was like, actually bonked my teeny nuts into the wall.

Who forgive me? God. Like that? Yeah. Yeah. You got the bar.

Just like, I was looking again. I made the offer in the room. I'm down to audition. I'm open to that. Oh, good. You read. Okay. A lot of actors won't. So I really respect now. I'm fully open to read. I don't give a damn. I just trust in my ability, you know. When you look back on a show like this, I mean, you, you, I don't even know what I'm trying to say. Like it sounds, that sounds like a good start to a question though, doesn't it? When you look back on a show like this, when you look back on a show like this, I had nothing. Did you hate it? Or did you like it?

Next cut? I'll be honest. It was good.

What, what, what are you going to miss? Where did you film it?

I'm grasping it. Strawlight's here. We shot it in studio city.

Studio City, Red Rat. And then a lot of on location downtown and all over the greater Los Angeles. Are you going to miss the guy at the gate who let you in every all the time? What's his name? Once you're there for your own thing, you don't, you're not a visitor anymore, you just get a pass, you can zip right through. Yeah. Okay. Where are you, where are you zipping through?

Like which entrance? Colfax gate. Colfax gate, of course.

But you know what I'll say, it changed this last season because of COVID. Really? Can have a podcast without talking about COVID. Okay. Tell us what changed the gate. Well, you had to show, you had to show on your phone that you completed a survey that said you checked the boxes saying you didn't have COVID. It was a survey though, where they asked like your satisfaction on having COVID or yeah. And some of them were like yes, no, there were a lot of babies that got you on the lot. Okay. No, but you have to like, in the very beginning, they'd have to take your temperature that that ended quickly. And how, what were you, where was your temperature usually? Usually around like 83. That's low, super low. I know they were always like, what? And I was like, I know, I don't know. Yeah. But you would come out of like a meat locker every morning.

That's where you like to sleep, right?

Cryo. Yeah. Yeah. Full cryo. Yeah. You don't look at day over 23, I have to say. Thank you.

Since the beginning of your career, it's all smoke and mirrors. Yeah. And cryo. Smoking.

It's all smoking mirrors. Looking in mirrors after smoking.

And then cryo. And so, so I got what do I want to ask about this? Because you see, that's a plane going over.

Oh, okay. Hold on. We got to take a plane break. We haven't done these in a while. Oh, here we go. Ready? Here we go. Right. Classic. This covers up the plane sound.

Goes for a while. Now we're talking. That's drums. It's called a kick.

Take it a plane break. Take it a plane break. Take it a plane break.

Take it a plane break. That covered up? You going to run the whole thing? No, that was it.

But I mean, all the intro to? That was it. That's about all we do.

I heard it. I heard a little bit more of the plane. Yeah.

That one might have been a helicopter.

Yeah. Got it. Wait, it was a helicopter? We don't have a helicopter song.

Oh, well, that'll have to do. No, it might be a plane. I hope it was a plane. If not, that was an errand's plane break. And I don't want to take one. I mean, this is the first time in probably 10 years on the show that we've taken a plane break. So, back in our old studio, we had the you remember not the the one that we went to after. No, yeah, the one that we went to after the radio station, we would get planes over. It wasn't soundproof. We would get planes over it all the time. So we had to take plane breaks all the time.

Yeah. But then when we moved into soundproof studios, didn't have to do it anymore. And have you been back in the soundproof studios?

I'm the only one that was like, I want to be a fan. We have been back. But, you know, with numbers going up, I don't know where the trend goes to. But am I the first one going back outside?

You're you are. Yes. You're in Delta. Yeah. Delta. Tell me about it. Did, did, how was, how was your demi? How was your the pandy for you? I mean, I can't really complain. Really? Yeah. You had a good one?

I wouldn't say a good one, but comparatively. Yes. And I was able to, you know, once the vaccines came out, continue shooting. And I did some voiceover work in my basement. Really? For whom?

For Hotel Transylvania 4. Whoa. Were you in the previous three? I was. Wow. Who do you play?

Like a Dracula or something? I'm Johnny Stein. What does that mean? I'm the one not not monster guy.

Oh, oh, is that is that? I don't know what Hotel Transylvania is. It's a it's an animated film franchise. Right. Adam Sandler. Right. Uh huh. With whom you are confused quite frequently.

Yes. Well, if by that you mean people just call me Adam Sandler. Yes. They know I'm not him.

But they but it just comes out. They just say Adam Sandler.

I got to confess one of the early episodes we had been talking about how that happens to you so much. It got in my head and I started stumbling around. And I think it was it was like your second episode and I did your intro and I was like, please don't say Adam Sandler. Please don't say Adam because he was just in my head about it.

And I didn't thank God, but I think I might have stumbled over it. Well, luckily it's someone that I love and like I like growing up and you've done a movie or four movies or five movies at this point.

If you count the Hotel Transylvania franchise. Yeah, I do.

Yeah. I mean, it's only voice work.

But yeah, we were in studio together for a couple of them and you did that's my boy.

We did do that. Written by David Kasp. That's right. The Kaspinator.

Yeah, of course. Yeah.

Um, and so you had a good pandemic and you you you evaded, uh, you evaded, uh, any kind of danger.

And here you are. You're in my backyard. Everything's good and yeah. And Hollywood has treated you well. I mean eight seasons of Brooklyn night now and then you've gone back and forth from movies to the small screen. You're one of those rare actors who can we can see out there. We turn out all the lights and it projected on a big screen and wow, he's captivating up there on the big one.

But you know what? Just as much on the small screen. We love watching him there.

One of the rare actors. Adam Sandler is he one of the rare actors that could really captivate an artist at home and then also put out movies. Come on, Palm Springs is great. Thank you. But it also streamed directly into homes. He really did. But I have to say, I, I, I think I, maybe I just had this to a key but when it came out, I was convinced with what was going on in the world that you guys were going to be nominated for the Oscar and win it because at that point in the pandemic, it was like the, the best movie that had come out. No movies were going to come out as far as we knew and then just everything went to streaming and a bunch of Nomadland and all that went up instead.

So you don't think Palm Springs is better than Nomadland?

I think they're about equal. I would maybe rewatch Palm Springs before Nomadland.

I would agree but I don't think that means it's better. I think Nomadland is better.

Okay. All right. Well, that's a, that's a quite a stance for you to take.

But I would rewatch Palm Springs before Nomadland. You would?

I would for sure. But I'm, I'm a big fan of yourself. You like looking at yourself. It's those mirrors we were talking about. Yeah. It just makes me feel great.

Yeah.

You have any movies on the horizon other than the aforementioned Hotel Transylvania for Bucky's Revenge. Bucky's Revenge and I'm doing the Rescue Rangers movie with, oh, that's right.

The aforementioned Akiva. Yes. Directing for Disney. You and can we say who else is in there?

Yes. It's an ounce. Me and Malaney are Chippendale. Yeah.

That's right. Who are you? I'm Dale.

You really had to think about that one. I can never remember drives keep crazy.

I'm always like, I'm Chipp. He's like, no. But yeah, it's going to sound a lot like this.

Hey, Chipp, what's going on, man? Dale, I don't have time.

All right. I don't have time.

Yeah. As one does. Those three words for the most. I think you've done Malaney on the show before. Those are the trigger words. As one does. As one does. That's going to be a good movie.

I can't wait for that to come out. I've seen a camera test for it. I have. I have.

Oh, cool. And it looks very cool. The thing I'm excited about is it's kind of Roger Abbity.

Yes. Which, I don't want to give away the what's unique about it, but it's unique in that world as well. Like the thing that it does with it is really cool.

Yeah, I agree. And I think that's why Chipp was like, oh, yeah, I'll do this. Yeah. It's funny and silly. Yeah. Can't wait for it.

Can not wait. But tell us about Brooklyn Nine-Nine. Okay.

Coming out September 16th, the end of an era started on Fox. Started on the Fox Network. Moved over to NBC, National Broadcasting Company. It was a big deal. Big, big deal. And everyone was happy about it because many considered to be canceled before it's time.

And then it was time for it to end.

Right. Because it was it. The fifth season is when it was going to end.

And it went for three more. Three more. Yeah. I mean, you said it. I certainly did.

That's what happened. And it was great. Who are you going to miss most?

Like of all the cast? I don't know. Anyone. I'll probably miss.

Well, I mean, I don't know. That's a, I shouldn't know. I don't think I should answer that question.

Really? This is, it seems like a loaded question for you.

Well, if I say that all I want is for you to tell me who you like the most. Okay. The most of anyone. Yeah. And by the way, people you're going to see regularly after the show, you don't have to miss them because you're going to see them. So who are you going to miss? So people that I'll definitely never see.

People you're going to cut off out of your life. But I like them enough to miss them.

Yes. Where is that Venn diagram? Where does it intersect?

Why am I cutting them off?

Because you just don't have time for them, perhaps in your life. You don't like them that much.

But I acknowledge that I will miss seeing them. Yes. Who is that going to be? Let's see.

Should we go through the cast? Yeah. Go through the old cast. Well, of course, we had Chelsea. Chelsea. But Chelsea hasn't been on in a couple of years. Yeah. But do you miss her?

All the time. But you've cut her out of your life, right?

No, we still talk all the time.

Okay. So then she doesn't go. Okay. What about what's your name and played your love interest?

Melissa? Yeah. Melissa Fumero. I'm going to see her. You're going to see her.

Yeah. I'm in to honestly, I'm in touch with all the cast.

The entire cast. Okay. What about then the creator of the show? Dangor. Dangor. I'd cut him off. If I were you. I think there's a chance I'm going to see him a lot. Really? Why? At parties or what? She was looking at office space near us. Really? So I'm like, oh, we might do lunches once this delta gets the boot.

Where exactly? In the same floor? Whoa. This is big news.

Big news for me.

Yeah. It affects you. Yeah. Okay. Interesting. So, okay. So not Dan. So what about the hair and makeup department? Yeah. costume department. Yeah.

I'll miss them. Okay. There you go.

That would be maybe the hair and makeup department.

wardrobe. Wardrobe name one person there.

And let's give him a big send off. Alexis. Alexis. You had a great run. I just are on my the show. I just shot with Maya though. Okay. Well, still, but you know, this could be it. That could be it. That could be it. I would be sad if that was it. Alexis, he had a great run and he's going to miss you. I hope I see her soon. Hope so, but doubt it. Well, that I think we've talked about Brooklyn nine nine enough. There really is only probably one more piece of business that we have to attend to. And that is, of course, we are taping this in Hollywood. Not to, I don't want to give anything away about our location. But when we're in Hollywood, there's one thing that we have to do, which is sing the Hollywood facts.

Seems so yeah. Well, Hollywood facts.

And we're going downtown going to England now. Everybody do you facts and know where you start it glitz and glamour and lots of bars get a drink out of club. Then go walk in front of the Chinese beer. Hollywood facts. Take out your dick. Check out the facts. It's the Hollywood facts, bro. Good. Crushed it. Yeah, you did really well. I wasn't so good. I mean, you, you did bring up the lyrics on your phone. I'm tired of floundering. I don't mind people knowing that.

Yeah. No, that's okay. I mean, every time you've been on the show before, we do it until you get it right. And this time you didn't want to do it several times. Let's do it again. And I won't look and let's see how. All right. Let's see how bad we are.

Okay. Ready? Here we go. Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts. And we're going downtown going to England now. Everybody do it. I know you start it. Let's say glamour and lots of bars get a drink out of club. Then go walk in front of the Chinese beer. Hollywood facts. Take out your dick. Check out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts, bro. Not bad. There's that weird part in there where when you in the original recording where you didn't even know what you were saying, and it's hard to replicate that.

Shockingly, that wasn't a song that was written before it was performed.

That was off the dome straight off the D.M. People check out our archives and you can hear the episode where I believe Lauren Lomckiss and you and I sing that 27 times in a row trying to get the lyrics straight. And the original was Pally. Yes, you mean Pally. Yeah. Well, what's going on with Pally these days? I don't know. Miss him. Me too. I just watched him on Zueh and laughed a lot. Yeah, he was really funny. Yeah. Yeah. Well, we have no idea where Pally is, but it's always he's always welcome. Is he like door? Is he like in the wind? I don't know. I don't even know where he's living. He might be in New York. I'm sure he's just that's a real issue with this show is it's real LA based sort of like Carson back in the heyday. Kind of like channel one-on-one before they branched out. Yes, exactly. Thank you. So two great metaphors that everyone will get.

All right, look, we have to take a break if that is okay.

And are you okay to stick around? We have some really interesting guests. Oh, I always stay for the guests. We have a cow farmer. You have any connection to that world? I mean, I know all about cows and I am farming. I've been to farms.

Okay, so oh man, here's another plane. All right, let's go to break with this. Here we go.

Plane break. I don't want to tell the words. I want you to sing along with me. The lyrics are taking a plane break after the screen. I'm gonna do you want me to like do the high vocals? Do the yeah. Do the screen along with me too. Okay, I'll cue you.

Okay, my vache is not really warmed up, but I'm gonna do it. Do you want to do some warm-ups while the intro is going on?

Whether the weather be cold. Whether the weather be cold.

Take it a plane break. Take it a plane break. Take it a plane break.

Take it a plane break. All right, we'll be right back after this. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang. Comedy bang bang we're back Andy Samberg.

Got it. I'm in my head about it because we just talked about the Sandler thing. Just don't call me that. I know, but it's so similar because you have Sam and Sand are very similar, right? Yeah. And in and what's his name? Ad? Right. They're similar. Salabically, there's some parallels. Yeah. Dottie Dottie. No, he's Dottie Dottie.

And you're Dottie Dottie. Yeah, it's the same thing. Anyway, did I tell you the story of when I was first starting out doing stand-up? I beg of you to tell me.

It was an Italian restaurant called Farfala. I remember this place. Yeah, it was over on not La Brea, but maybe it was La Brea.

Maybe Quangalot or down? Oh, okay. Yeah, got it. Oh, no, no, you might be right. It doesn't matter.

But it was like the top floor of a two-story restaurant in the back near the bar. Was it next to the Acme? It was close, yes. And I was just starting out and the MC Ren literally was like, MC Ren was there, MCing. If you would MC all the comedy shows back in the early, only just up in coming shows, though, like never anything legit because he didn't want that to get out. Yeah, obviously.

This was before social media. Oh, of course. So that's when back when MC Ren concerned it just do it every felt like. Fly under the radar. Which, if you don't want to be discovered, by the way, the best way to do it, fly underneath that radar. Yeah, it's smart. Yeah.

Anyway, now it's not as good of a story because it took so long. But what you would expect happened, which was them, she was like, please welcome Adam Sampler. No, and there are the 12 people where he's insane. And I walked out and I literally ran to the mic and went, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. So my name, the semi name, oh, you said it wrong. You said it wrong. I'm not I'm so sorry. But yeah, in retrospect, those guys would have gone crazy if they had known what your career would have looked like.

If they had if they'd been time travelers, maybe they were time travelers and they were going crazy because they were like, Oh, I bet it's Andy, who gets mistaken for Adam all the time?

Yeah, it's probably was that. Yeah. Yeah. That was not my best set. Yeah, as they're called.

Ah, insiders. You're gonna get you gonna get back to to stand up? I don't know. Really?

Well, what about doing an hour special? Maybe. What if we do a thing where we got you a Netflix deal to do an hour special? Yeah. The only caveat is you had to tape it in two weeks, and you hadn't been on stage since those early days and write it and write it in two weeks.

Yeah, I think that's a fun experiment. Let's do it. Okay.

Will you help me write it?

No, but the thing is the lost cause, but I Okay. So the experiment is truly like, what could I scrap together in two weeks?

Oh, look, I have I've further thoughts on this. Let's talk after the show. But don't be surprised if you see a deadline Hollywood open up and suddenly it's like, Oh, Andy Samberg and Scott Augerman doing a thing together told you. Yeah, Nikki, think that. Yeah. And are we going to co-produce like with our companies? Yeah, totally. Yeah, we'll do it like a Michael Bolton, big sexy balance. Oh, we did go produce. Yeah, we co-proed on that. Three chaps. Three chaps.

We have to get to our next guest if that's okay. Now he is the aforementioned cow farmer. Oh, yes.

I've been waiting for this. So you know everything about cows and you've been on farms. I know nothing about cows and I've never been on a farm. So this will be an interesting sort of two-pronged questioning style. I need you here by me for your experience. He's never been on the show before, but please welcome to the show Dusty. Hello, Dusty. Cowdy partner. Cowdy partner. That is a fun little twist on howdy partner. Yeah, yeah. Well, they told me that you guys liked interesting characters and there is nothing more interesting than cow farming. So, Cowdy partner. Cowdy. So great to see you. Dusty is here. This is Andy. Hey, Andy, how are you doing? I'm good, Dusty.

How are you? I'm doing all right. I'm a little far from home and I'm missing my cows. Where is your home? Well, it's the middle of the country. Oh, okay. Like what are we talking about?

Texas. We could say Texas. We can say okay, right there. Smack dab in the middle, but a little lower than Amarillo. Amarillo, Texas. Well, it's close. I don't want to give you the whole thing. Okay.

All right. But then, I mean, if I were to go around Amarillo and ask for Dusty, I would eventually find you. Well, there's a lot of Dusty's down there. Cara, the wind, the dust in it. People tend to name their babies whatever they see, just in front of them at the time. Yeah, that's why I was named. My daughter's name is Hollywood sign. Smart. Actually, smart.

She might get a lot of work. Yeah. Yeah. Maybe not the work she's looking for, just pictures of her or something. Yeah. Yeah. Bitturists trying to get next to her. Yeah.

Sure. But you miss your cows. I miss them. I miss them every day. Every single day.

Yeah. Absolutely. When you're farming them, you got to love them. You know, you got to feed them, you got to care for them, you got to pet them, you got to reel it, sleep in the house. You got to wet. Hold on, sleep in the house. Oh, yeah. These are, I'm, it's intimate.

Okay. How many cows do you have if you don't mind me asking?

Well, I got what? 200, 210 cows and they all sleep in the house? Well, not all of them. There's a shift. There's a rotation.

What's the rotation? I mean, how many at a time? Two cows sleep in the bed every night.

So basically like they're on a 100 day cycle. Yeah. Every 100 days, two cows get to sleep. Well, so three times a year. Three times a year for each cow.

Three and a half. Yeah. You got to let them know you love them. You know, because I'm their daddy. Okay. You really? Yeah. I raised them to feed them.

Do they have actual daddies though, that they tend to think of his daddy? They don't know that.

They don't know. What do you do with those cows? Well, I wear a hat that looks like the cow, like the biggest cow. Oh, okay. So they think I'm their cow daddy. Bull. Do you mean, do you mean the hat that this bull normally wears, or it's a hat that looks like this? Yeah, it's a Texas Rangers hat. He was a Rangers fan when he was around and I scared him away, you know, not to confuse the cows. But yeah, you got to care for them. Love them, feed them, bottle feed them. Bottle feed them. Yeah. Wow. I mean, it sounds, how many hours a day are you with these cows? 30, 30 hours a day. I mean, it must seem like it.

That's what it feels like. Yeah. I mean, that's like one of those Ringo star eight days of week situations where it's like, what is time bending in on itself? It feels like it when you're out in the past. I love the beat. We're talking about the band.

No, hate them.

I love the Beatles on my farm. Yeah, I can imagine how many have out there? 200, 300 Beatles, at least. Yeah, at least all these guys are funny.

Really? They eat things you wouldn't expect. Like what? Straw. Oh, man. You didn't think that you thought they were I was going to say the house or something? I had no idea. Well, it's a termite, I guess. Yeah. Yeah, I would think so. You have termites there? Yeah, of course. How many? Two, 300, at least. At least got about about. Do they eat things you wouldn't expect? Yeah, well, they sleep in the bed a couple times a year. So they'll eat my pillow. They'll eat my toenails.

They'll eat my. Yeah, by the way, your toenails look great. Very well kept. Sorry. Is that that's the termites do in that? That's the Beatles. That's the Beatles. That's the Beatles. But the band the band does that. The band. Yeah.

Yeah. Well, it's not a rest in peace. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. But all the carton you'll come over to on my toen. Yeah. Yeah. That's how I keep an eyes and trim.

Wow. What an interesting story from an interesting guy. That's what I was told to be on here. Yeah. Interesting as I can be.

So now you're you're from Amarillo, ish in Texas. Yep. You have this farm and mainly you have so many cows. Do you do you have any cow hands as they call it?

That's for our listeners who maybe don't know the lingo. That is assistance. That's like interns. Yeah. Forgot a couple of cow hands.

Yeah. I got a couple of cow hands. They're nice guys. They've got about 200, 300 cow hands.

Yeah. Let them sleep in the bed. It's a big bed. What is this? Is it California king? It's a Texas king. What? Yeah. Well, you know what they say. I don't. I don't think so. I mean, I know what a lot of people say about a lot of things, but maybe not this particular instance. Everything's bigger in Texas. I do know that you've heard that. Come on. Yes. I have. Yeah. So you've never been down to a cow farm? I don't think so. But Andy, you were saying you know a lot about cows, right? Just from reading a lot of cow books. Like what kind of cow books are you reading? There's this one book called Intro to Cows. Oh, it's a good one. I just read that at the beginning. Another one just called Cow. The real story about cows. Oh, okay. Yeah. That sounds like one you would read after Intro to Cows. Exactly. Yeah. These are legit. These are legit books. There's Intro to Cows 2.

Wow. A sequel to that. Do you read that before cows? Or is it because it's still an intro?

Or is it an intro to Cows 2 meaning it's not an intro? I read them in release order. So they're not the same author. So you want to see the chronology of what people thought about cows through the years. Exactly. And also they all have like credit scenes. Oh, so I like the way those come out. Extended Cow universe. Yeah, the Cowiverse. Yeah.

Reading these books is like watching a movie. I'll tell you what cows are fascinating. The Cowabungaverse.

Oh, right. Yeah. What do you think of that word Cowabunga? Do you get excited when you hear the first syllable and then disappointed with the rest? That's exactly right. I go, Cowabunga. So it's a difficult situation for you watching the Simpsons. Well, Bunga makes me think I don't watch Simpsons. I don't know about it. You don't.

Why not? I don't know. Don't know about it. You don't know about it. I mean, it's been on at this point for like 25 of its 99 seasons. So a full like fourth of how many seasons it's going to be.

In his defense, there aren't any cows on it. That's true. I don't think I've ever seen a cow on the Simpsons. Okay, here's a challenge for our listeners. If you can give us a screen cap of any cow that has ever been on the Simpsons, you'll win, I guess $2 million. You're going to lose that money.

There's definitely been a cow. I doubt it. I don't think so.

I had $2 million guaranteed.

That's just me like primary cast. You know, there's no recurring cow. Okay, let me amend it. Okay.

If anyone, if any member of the Simpsons family, and that includes the nuclear family of, you know, Bart and the rest, or any uncles, aunts, brothers, sisters in law, whatever, if any of them are cows, please send us a screen cap. And you'll get $2 million. And you'll get $2 million.

Okay. And a trip to my farm. If you want it. Whoa. Really?

I'll throw it in. All expenses paid?

There's not much expenses once you get there. But getting there would be getting there. Yeah, I'm not going to pay for that. You're allowed to come. Is anyone allowed to come at any time?

No. Oh, really? Oh, this is locked up. Private property locked up. Well, unless you can get over that little cow wire. How little? It's two feet to the ground. Don't tell the cows.

The cows think they're locked in, but they really ain't like it. It's more of a psychological thing when they see the cow wire. Yeah, their previous experience with taller cow wire. That'll poke me. Yeah. That's what they're thinking. Yeah. And it will. But just in the... Where did you read that? Is that an intro to cows too? That's an intro to cows six. Whoa. Yeah. Well, the problem is, there's not a lot of interest in these cow books. It's deep, but it's not wide. Yeah. Who writes these cow books? And how did you get so interested in them, Andy? I just love to read. Yeah. Oh, so you'll read anything. I've read all kinds of books. Do you read them in release order too?

Which ones? The cow books? Just any books. Always in release order. Okay. So when like on a Tuesday when new books come out, you read all whatever came out. Definitely. And so you've read every book so far that's come out. Almost all. Yeah. Like I've read Ender's Game and Foundation.

You've mentioned Ender's Game on this show before. Intro to cows one through five. I haven't read six yet, so no spoilers. Okay. Did that just come out on Tuesday? That just came out. Yeah. And it is chock full of cows. Yeah. Well, really it's got cows inside the book. Yeah. Yeah. It's a new one of those ones. It's like a kids book almost where you open a page and it goes, move. Oh, so it has sound effects. So yeah. Okay. Like those closer to movies with them. Yeah. Movies. Do you get excited when you're at movies? The first. That was good. I've been listening. You ain't been funny yet, but that was a really funny one. Wow. Okay. That was funny because you did movie. Okay. All right.

What? So tell us about your daily routine. I would love to hear like what what happens in these 30 hours a day. Well, I wake up 1201 a.m. 12. Oh, you go to bed. 1159. Oh my. And I wake up and I say time to feed the cows. So I go out and grab a bag of feed. Okay. And I just one bag of feed. Everybody gets a little bit. That's a problem with having so many is you got to take care of all of them, but you can't do everything every day.

We should buy more food. Oh, really, Scott, the more you have, the more you should. That's probably a good tip. These cows are starved. That'll be an intro to cow seven, I think. Yeah.

Yeah. How much you should. Well, my problem is I don't want them to get too big because oh, I don't. I don't want to see them go, Scott. What do you mean that you? I don't want to sell my cows. I want to keep them. Oh, my God, you're crying. So you're crying. Yes, I am just because I'm watching you cry. Thank you so much.

Oh, my God. The connection to these cows is deep. A connection is made.

So what? So you don't want your cows. Sorry, I'm out to my head. Yep. You don't want your cows to get bigger because then you'll have to sell them and people will chop them up for meat and all this kind of stuff. Don't say it, Scott. These cows sleep in my bed three times a year.

How do you not love something like that? Three times a year, I got a steer sleeping with me.

And they remember, I remember, I remember it's one of them.

So do you only have cows? Is that it?

I got cows. I got chickens for eating. I eat chickens. How many chickens do you eat a day?

Two, three hundred chickens. You eat three hundred chickens.

Sorry. That's how many is on the farm.

Oh, oh, oh, oh. Two, three chickens between me and all the farm hands. Cow hands. Well, you have three, two hundred cow hands. You're only eating. You do not want them to get bigger either.

Then you're going to be too big and I'm going to have to fire them for being big. They're big and they can't do the work. They can't stay. I don't know.

This sounds like an HR issue.

Oh, we don't have HR. Oh, really? There's no rules out there. No rule of boy, the Wild West.

That's right. I'm confused though, because I always thought cow hands were called hooves.

That's true. That's a good point. That's cow feet, actually.

The cows have hand. They have four feet.

They have four feet. They don't have two little hands. Yeah, nope. Wouldn't that be so funny if you were standing next to a cow and suddenly it just smacks you in the face? You're like, I didn't know you had hands. That's funny. If a cat's funny, you like cow humor at notice.

Oh, yes. Absolutely. A cow hands actual job is to stand behind the cows and put it, put their hands up. And do the fake armbits. We got to listen. You're doing some of the Italian things. I'm a cow right here. Let's get around to a closet.

The cow hands are great. Whose line is it anyway? Hooves line is anyway. See, you love these.

That's a good angle for me to go down.

I appreciate you dialing in on what I like. Yeah, that's nice. So what do you have planned for?

I mean, 2022 is fast approaching. I mean, is that going to be a big year? I mean, there's, there's all these people who say, well, we got to stop eating cows because of their farts. It's not good for the, you know, they got to stop eating them because of their farts.

Yeah. Well, yeah. I mean, because of all the, the farts are making the ozone layer disappear. And so, by the way, this is another helicopter. Yeah, nice try.

Yeah. Nice try. Not going to fall for it, Kelly. No, we're just going to let the audio be a little worse. But, you know, like, what do you think about that about that? I mean, obviously you didn't know about it because I just told you about it. That's right. Well, it's going to be a tough year.

Obviously, I got to move a few of these cows. If I want to keep these helicopters, by the way, have you ever seen one out there and horrified? Did you know what it was? I thought it was the first time I ever saw one. I thought it was a giant metal bug. It looks like a metal bug. Is that not what it was? It looks like a dragonfly, doesn't it? Yes. But evil. You know, they're evil. You know? Do you wait, dragonflies are not evil though. What? Why are they so long and skinny? Are you saying they are evil because they're long and skinny or this? Yes, that's horrifying. There's too many.

Anything long and skinny is that you? Dragons, dragonflies.

What about me? Longbirds.

Scott. I don't know. I'm warming up to you. Okay. I'm warming up to you.

So what do you think about what is 2022 having store for the cow farmer out there?

Well, it's going to be a bountiful year, I think. We're going to have we're going to move up maybe about 215, 315 cows. So you're going to get more cows that you're not going to sell?

Hope so. Is that why you're only eating three chickens a day between 200 of you?

Yes, we got a ration. You're not making any money. We eat the feathers too.

We eat the feathers, Scott. Hey, come on. I didn't say you didn't. Okay, just looking at me like I didn't eat the feathers. We eat the feathers. I'm not looking at you like that at all. I'm not trying to starve everybody. Andy might be looking at you like that. I mean, he's got a weird look on his face right now. Yeah, what do feathers taste like?

You ever had a feather taco? No.

They're delicious. Really? You take a tortilla. Maybe some carneasada. Maybe some. Oh, so you have meat on it already?

Well, I'm not not my meat. I don't.

Okay, so now I don't call a taco that has carneasada and all the, you know, I don't call those onion tacos just because they have a little bit of onions on it.

Well, it's a lot of feathers. It's more feathers than carneasada. It's like a sprinkling of carneasada. Yeah, imagine that the carneasada is like the sliced onion on top. I don't mean to split hairs about this or split feathers.

Okay. You didn't like that one because it's not a cow. It's more chicken based farm based, but I got to say your business model, Dusty, is Dusty. It is. It's it's it is. I don't I don't think it's really working. You're right. You're right. But I've been trying to get people to come out to the farm to buy some of these cows. You want people to buy them. I don't want to, but I have to.

You know, so I wrote a little jingle. Oh, okay. I'd love to hear it if you're if you're prepared.

I am. Okay. People don't say I wrote a little jingle unless they're ready to sing the jingle.

That's right. If anyone ever comes up to you and goes, I wrote a little jingle and you go, okay, like I'd love to hear it and they go, I'm not going to sing it for you. They're an asshole, right? I totally agree. I would never present a jingle and not sing it. Okay, good. So you're not one of those guys. No. Okay. Let's hear your jingle. All right. Hey, baby girl, let me whisper in your ear. I hear that you might be in the market for a steer.

Wait till you see my cow. Say what?

Wait till you see my cows. Wait till you see my cow. Bitch.

Wait till you see my cows.

You will never see a cow like this. That's it. Hey, yeah.

Well, Andy, as of the Hollywood facts theme songwriter, what do you think of that jingle? I liked it a lot.

It had kind of a yin-yang twins vibe to it. Yeah. It seemed to be two different notes. One was da, da, da, da. No, I guess it does go down. It's in descending melody. All right.

So that hasn't worked at all. Yeah. I've been putting that on the radio.

Why'd you slip the word bitch in there? Well, like Andy said, it's got a yin-yang twins vibe and I want to get that. Yeah. I wanted people to know where it's coming from. Yeah. Okay. Interesting.

I don't know. You don't like it. That's okay. It's not that I don't like it. I just don't think it's effective. And I guess I'd probably not in the market for a cow, right? Yeah. What's the first time you bought a cow? I bought sections in my life.

What's your favorite section?

Now we're relating. All right. I like my favorite meat is hot dog, much like Mitt Romney.

So some of that comes from... Is that true? Favorite food is hot dog?

That was Mitt Romney's great quote. What a president. My favorite meat is hot dog. He was not the president. I don't know if you would. Well, yeah. I don't know. Ironic with a favorite food like that. My favorite meat is hot dog. That might be one of the dumbest things I ever heard.

There's no such thing as hot dog. Wait, what do you mean?

You're saying that hot dogs don't exist?

No, I'm just saying it's not one. You can't just get a hot dog. You got to make a hot dog.

Wait, no. You can buy a hot dog almost anywhere. But it doesn't exist in nature.

Oh, I see. Hot dog is not like beef or chicken. No, it hasn't fish. Yeah, it hasn't casing.

So you're right. It's like a two-step process. There's a casing that then you squeeze meat into.

Thank you. Yeah. So it is, I guess it isn't in nature. But if you cut up a cow, you can have God, you're getting depressed when I'm calling you. God, I'm just thinking about waking up next to him. He doesn't like it. Yeah. Yeah. I'm cutting their little feet off. Maybe you should stop sleeping with him. The cows? But by the way, they're not feet there.

Oops. You're right. That was my mistake.

I forgot about my own favorite animal. Bam. When you say sleep with them, it now makes me think that you're having sex with these cows. Oh my God. I was hoping this wouldn't come out.

Oh my God. You're you're copying? I fucked the cows. All of them. That's why I have so many.

Wait, that's why you have so many? Yes. I'm an adulterer.

Because you like variety?

Not just. Yeah, I got all kinds. It seems to be like any cow, if you're having sex with a cow, like anyone will do. You don't need to like, okay. Okay.

You like the variety. Yes.

You've obviously got no experience raising or sleeping with cows. What do your cow hands do?

Are they having sex with the cows? Of course. Because it was just a big cow, cow hand orgy?

Scott, you said it, not me. But yes, that's exactly what's going on.

All right. Look, Dusty, we have to take a break if that's okay. We have a really interesting guest coming up here in a second. What was his name? He's a podcast guest. And his name is, oh, the answer seeker will be here after the break. This is exciting. Are you seeking any answers, Dusty?

What to do? Yeah. Stop having sex with those cows. I would say. I'll get them.

Cut them up and sell them. I'll keep looking. All right. We're going to be right back. We'll have more Andy Samberg more. Dusty will be right back with this comedy. Banging after this.

Comedy Ben Ben, we're back here. We have Andy Samberg here and we have Dusty, the cow farmer, and we have to get to our next guest. He is, this is exciting. He is a podcast guest, meaning he's on this podcast. And I don't know anything about him, but please welcome for the first time on the show, the answer seeker. Scott Hockerman.

You've spent years asking people questions.

Tell me, Scott, has anyone ever asked you a question?

Well, answer seeker, do you mean on the show or in life?

Both.

Yes.

Unlikely story. That doesn't ruin what you came here to do, does it? But yeah, some people have asked me questions every once in a while. Is it better if I say no? You can say whatever you want. You're answering my question. And I'm getting the answer I seek.

Okay. All right. I've sealed all the exits. Oh, no, we're outside, I thought.

Yes, I said there was more than I expected, but I sealed them all using Buchanan, industrial sealant. Oh, no, that's a great brand. It's very solid. Yes.

No one is out allowed to leave.

What about coming in? Can people come in? That's going to be difficult, too. Okay. So no one in her out? No one in her out until you've answered my questions. Mm. Okay. Well, do you have more questions than that? By the way, this is dusty. Hello, dusty. Hey, how you doing? We have Andy Samberg over here. I'll ask the questions around here, dusty. Okay. My apologies. How are you doing, though? No, I'm tempted to answer. I will. You're not answering any questions? I'm seeking answers.

You just answered my question right then. This is yeah, I'm not good at it. It was.

Yeah, it was more. I thought it was kind of a statement. Oh, okay. Yeah. Got it. Got it. All right.

So do you have any questions? Yes. Okay. Great. Please ask.

Did you know the human head weighs eight pounds? I heard that. Yeah, I heard that somewhere.

Yeah. I heard that in a very popular film that came out in the 1990s, I believe. It had several other lines of dialogue such as, you complete me and you had me at hello, but the human head weighs eight pounds. I did Google these questions. Oh, okay. Did you know that dogs and bees can smell fear?

Yes. Yeah, similar movie, I believe. Did you know my neighbor has three rabbits?

Okay. Okay. So you're just. These were the first questions that came up off my Google.

What did you go? What did you go? Jerry Maguire screenplay PDF.

Well, I hate to break it to you, but that it was it was a very popular movie and people know these questions and you're not surprising anyone with it unless you truly did want to know the answers to them. That was the answer I saw. Thank you, Scott. Okay. You've passed the first of my questions. Oh, wait, I passed the first of his question.

Yes, you answered honestly and truthfully.

Okay. You made I'll unseal one exit. Oh, which one? The gate that leads out? Yes, the iron gate that took a lot of seal it to fill in. Okay, there you did.

What do you have like a miniature explosion that you're triggering on a on a blaster here or something? How do you exactly a miniature explosion? I'm triggering with my blaster. Okay, here we go.

Yes. Oh, okay. All right, the gates over. I guess we'll leave if you if we want. Oh, right. I guess any luck is going around.

Hold on. I'm gonna go seal it up again. All right. Now you're stuck. Yeah. Shit. Okay. Well, then what incentive do I have to answer any of these questions? Well, I'll unseal another gate to then. Okay.

All right. All right. And then we'll just leave. Right.

Do you ever thought this through? Have you? Not at all.

Okay. Do you have more we can answer?

What do you think is the best industrial sealant?

Whatever. What was the one you mentioned? Oh, well, I said Buchanan, but I mean, that's just why I work. So wait, you work in Buchanan industrial sealant? Yeah, I guess so. Yeah.

What do you do for them? I am the receptionist. I would say Buchanan to answer your biggest question. Yeah. You're right. That down. Yeah. Okay.

Tell me, Scott, how does it feel to have the tables turned on you after all these years to go from asking questions to answering them? It seems very similar to your first question.

Um, it feels good. Yeah. Feels really good. Thank you. I guess the onus is off me. You can drive the show from here on. Great. Andy. Yes. What's your favorite Don DeTrac?

Oh, I think I answered this one. Yeah. Were you not listening to the earlier part of the show?

It was just I was busy sealing things up.

Yeah. No, Andy answered this already. Yeah. I said off the grid so far. Yeah.

I don't know how many times I'm going to actually listen to it, but I mean, I like the beat.

Yeah. Yeah. Playboy Cardi.

Yeah. He gets on that. Yeah. Really?

Wait, did you just say playboy Cardi for some reason?

Yes. I was just listing things I need to pick up at the store. So playboy. Yes. And then well, I'm going to put it in a card. He'd take it to the check out your code to the store for one playboy, put it in a cart and then go to a check out.

Yes. That's attracting some undo attention to your masturbating. Well, yes. If you're not supposed to draw attention to your masturbating, then I suppose yes, it would be a do. But I tried to let everyone know.

That's refreshing. Honest. Thank you. Yeah.

All right. Well, you're driving the question. So please continue. Okay, I will. So series finale of Brooklyn nine nine boy.

Scott, you're going to watch it or what?

Yeah. I mean, why not? I was. I love to see how a show ends.

I love to see how they can pull off that magic trick of giving a satisfying conclusion without killing everyone and make everyone go like, well, why aren't I hanging out with all these people anymore? You know, like the friends, they all had to like split up and go in different directions and have kids and all that, you know, and then you're like, Oh, I understand why these people aren't friends anymore.

With the Brooklyn nine Niners, I'm like, I mean, I guess they don't work together anymore. So everyone gets fired. I don't know. I mean, who knows? I'm always interested. Yeah, I'll definitely watch.

Great. Maybe they escaped the island.

Wait, they're on an island? Well, they're near one of Manhattan. So they escaped Manhattan? Yes.

Okay. Yeah. All right. Yeah. I googled another question. Oh, okay. Please go ahead.

Do I make you horny? No, boy. Okay. Where did you Google that? What did you look up?

Austin Power screenplay PDF. Why do you Google PDF? Is that the important part?

I just always throw that in there. That's the file format you're used to reading. Yes. Yes.

I think it's clear why he puts in PDF. He's searching for answers. Tell me, Scott. Yes.

What's your favorite scary movie? Oh, wow. Probably scary movie. I mean, it's right there in the title.

It's got everything. It's got scares, chills. So where the question was from?

Well, scream. Yeah. My bad. That's okay. You don't see my Googles.

And let me guess. You looked that up by by Googling scream.

Screenplay PDF Craven. Yeah.

You were craving it? I was craving it. Yes. But I wanted to make sure I got the West Craven.

Why didn't they call it a screenplay? That's a question for Kevin.

Like that one? That's a non-cow related joke. That was all right. That was good.

Okay. You should have Kevin Williamson on to answer. I should have. He's my dream guest.

Remember how a Conan wanted that one writer on his show for 10 years or something? Oh, yes.

And he finally was on? Yeah, boy. Kevin Williamson is mine.

Got anything else for his answer, Seeker? Do you feel lucky, punk?

Okay. Look, I do to be here with friends. Present company excluded other than Andy over here.

I mean, I guess I don't know you guys. Yeah. Straight shooter.

But look, these are all just famous, the most famous questions from movies.

I don't know if you know that. You could have just instead of doing all these separate Googles and using up all of your Google privileges. Yeah, you need unlimited Google.

You could have just Googled most famous questions in movies.

PDF?

I think a website would have just come up for you. You didn't need to be.

So I should add HTML. You don't. I don't think you need to add that when you're.

You don't need to put in the file format you're seeking.

Sometimes you have to put in, I don't even think you have to put in like org or dot biz or anything like that. It'll just do it automatically for you.

Do you want me to do that for you?

Do you want me to look up the most famous questions here?

Yes.

Okay, I will. Let's see. Let's see if it comes up. Okay.

Here we go.

Do you think I should change my name? I mean, what is your actual name?

Toby. I like it. Toby, but my last name is or not Toby.

Technically a question. Yeah. Some say that is the question.

Well, that's so your name is Toby or not Toby or not Toby.

Who says that's the question?

Are you Japanese? No, no, I'm American. Let's get that out of the way.

Okay. I'm a white man. Some might say that's going out of style.

No, I think we still got a few years. Okay. Here's okay.

Here's some famous questions.

Mrs. Robinson, you're trying to seduce me, aren't you?

Wow. Most people don't really even think that one's a question.

They sort of misquote it. Okay. Here's one. Guess the movie.

Hey, dad, you want to have a catch? Oh, that would be Kevin Costner to Dwyer Brown in Field of Dreams. Yes, you got it, my man.

Wow, you're a set file.

Thank you. It's not a compliment. It's merely not even an accusation.

It's just me noticing something. Oh, wow.

So what's your name again? The answer guy? I mean, I know it's Toby.

The answer, the answer, the answer, Toby or not Toby.

Do you feel like you got some good answers on this episode?

Yes. And do you feel like the sealant did a good job of keeping everything sealed?

I'm just taking you out your word. I haven't even tried it, to be honest.

Like do you want me to go? I can go over here and just push it.

Yes, yes, do. Oh, just it's like paper thin. It's like paper mache. It just like opened right up.

Oh, crap. I'll never get this promotion.

I mean, this is not good PR for what was it called again?

Buchanan Industrial.

Buchanan Industrial. Yeah. Do they know you're here?

No, this was sort of a big gamble I took to.

I was going to say I'm doing some viral, like guerrilla marketing.

Yes. You know, you're going to hear.

But did you leave a note on someone's desk or something?

How did you inform them of this?

Well, I left a series of clues. Yes.

For the people I have to be a cannon.

Yes. You're sort of a dictionary kind of a clue thing.

Meaning like you drew like almost like charades or.

Yes. Yes.

Okay.

Well, yeah, not charade. Yeah, like drawings.

Like do you think they got it?

No one's called concerned, so I assume.

Maybe no one called because they don't care if you're there or not.

They do tell me they don't care if I'm there or not.

How did you get this job if people don't even like you?

It's my old bully hired me. I think he felt bad.

Where were you bullied?

High school, middle school.

Oh, no.

Oh, throughout. Yeah.

Who's this guy? Is his name Buchanan?

Yeah, Randy Buchanan.

Randy Buchanan used to bully you.

And at what point did he start this company or did he get it?

He's probably married.

It's his family business.

His family business.

So he said, I got to keep this bully and going.

You come work for me and I can keep it up.

He bullies you at work, so he didn't feel bad at all.

Good point.

Yeah.

He just wanted to keep the party going.

Yeah.

So yeah, quit your job, kick your bully in the nuts, I would say, right?

Unless you think you might get beat up.

No, he's two or three feet shorter than me.

Oh, why are you letting him bully you?

Two or three feet, by the way.

Well, he knows martial arts.

Oh, okay. Which ones?

I couldn't even begin to guess.

I've never studied them.

Could you describe one of the moves he makes at you?

And I can maybe probably say what martial art it is.

Like when you're spinning in midair and your legs are in the splits.

And he's just keeps getting over and over and over.

Sounds like Street Fighter.

To me.

Yeah, it's kind of sounds like that mortal combat too, a little bit.

Yeah.

Maybe he knows mortal combat.

Does he ever finish you?

Yeah, still say that.

Sometimes he was toasty.

Well, I mean, he's so short, and you're not afraid of him.

Oh, I'm terrified.

You're terrified of him, but you'd kick him in the nuts and it's fine.

Well, if you insist, I will.

I think you should.

I mean, you know, it's a little low to the ground.

How close to the ground are his nuts?

I've never measured.

Because you're a short guy.

Well, I know his tailor.

I'll go ask if one's in Steven.

No, his tailor.

Well, from where?

The other high school.

What about high school?

A gang.

So wait, the three of you all grew up together.

He bullied both of us.

Yes.

He bullied both.

And he goes to him as the tailor.

Yes.

The three of you grew up graduated high school.

He goes to work for the family business.

Your friend, who's the tailor?

What's his name?

Jonathan Thomas.

Jonathan Thomas, the tailor.

Yes.

He decides to get into making just men's suit, like men's suit.

Automation, hands.

So any kind of dress wear, anything like that?

Yes.

Meanwhile, you go to work.

Is this your first job out of high school?

How old of a guy are you?

21.

Wait.

So this is a voice for sure.

You don't sound like that.

This is how I ever since I've been kicked in the neck so many times.

Oh, this is how I sound.

This is a neck injury.

Okay.

Got it.

So you're just fresh out of, you're like three years out of high school.

The world is your oyster.

You can do anything.

All you gotta do is just finally kick this guy in the nuts.

I'll do it.

I agree to this.

I'll go kick him.

Find out his inseam.

That's very important.

Yes.

First I'll do his inseam.

I'll map it.

I'll draw it onto my wall of my bedroom.

I'll practice kicking right at the peak of the inseam.

Sure.

Yeah.

That's where you want to be.

That's where those nuts are.

So you get the technique down perfectly.

Yeah.

And then, should there be a distraction or something, Andy?

What do you think?

Like when you're kicking someone in the nuts, how do you like to do it?

Yeah.

I always like to do like, hey, look over there or have someone else run by.

Go on like, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.

That's pretty good.

Someone else.

Because I mean, you probably tried the hey, look over there, Trek a few times and he's inured to it.

Is that right?

Yes.

He is typical responses.

I've seen that direction.

Got it.

Yeah.

Tough customer.

Yeah.

So you need someone going, what was it?

Googly, googly, googly, googly.

Just right.

Can you hire someone to do that?

I could ask Jonathan Thomas.

He'd like to see this guy get kicked in the nuts.

Sure.

Yes.

Yeah.

He's been giving him free alterations for years.

Free alterations.

This guy, Randy, I hate this guy.

Yeah, he sounds like a jerk.

Hey, that's how things work in York, Pennsylvania.

That's where you're from.

Why did you say that at the beginning?

It's not interesting.

I have to agree with the answer seeker.

Yeah.

I'm almost tempted to freelance and kick this guy in the nuts for you, but I don't want to drive out to York.

You could freelance to get a 1099.

Sure.

Is it the tax thing?

Is that why you don't want to freelance?

Even taxes, is that what you really wanted to do?

Oh, I'd love to do taxes.

You've been bullied into taking this job?

I wish I worked at the tax center.

The tax center.

Yes.

If you do the jobs, Scott, do you get paid in Pennsylvania or in California?

Yeah.

That's a good point.

I think you have to get paid in Pennsylvania.

Yes.

Exactly.

You should start up your own shop.

My own IRS.

Okay.

Not your own IRS, but you should be doing Randy's taxes.

Oh, I see.

Yes.

I thought you meant your own sealant company.

I mean, that's not such a bad idea.

I mean, anything would be better than this but you can and shit.

I mean, look at this stuff.

Let me try this other exit over here.

It's like, yeah, it just tears right apart.

Wow.

So I had no leverage if you hadn't giving me the answers I seek.

Well, look, you're a really interesting guy.

I like talking to you obviously.

Yeah, and it's going well.

Yeah, I mean, it's going super well.

What do you think?

Hard to believe with this show, but we are running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show and that is a little something called Plugs.

Comedy Bang Bang.

A mom and pod podcast known for its conversations with interesting people.

But sometimes a little podcast can hide big secrets or maybe not so secret.

Just too exactly is, Scott Ockerman.

Why is he America's favorite hot dad?

And why does he want me to build a website?

Is he truly the mild matter podcast, Josie says he is or is he a plug?

Hmm, interesting.

Okay, that was a shameful lunch.

With, I can't quite make out the title, but that was shameful lunch.

Thank you so much for that plug's theme.

All right, guys, what do we plug in?

Andy, obviously we have Brooklyn Nine-Nine on September 16th, right?

I'm mostly here just to plug shameful lunches intro.

Sure.

He's a talented person, that shameful lunch.

Yeah.

Yeah, Brooklyn's going to end and then...

Well, what about, what happened to that, that Quibi show you're doing with the eating?

Well, Quibi ended up not existing.

What?

It was such a good idea.

I felt like the show was going to be fun.

Oh, you never even made it?

No, we never shot.

Whoa, dang.

Because of the dermach.

So then you turned all of your culinary interests over to this production that you just shot with Maya, right?

Yeah, I'm doing a Amy Poehler producing it.

If you've seen making it with Poehler and Offerman, Maya and I are co-hosting, baking it.

Okay.

For the holidays, it's a...

So do they just do spin-offs the rhyme?

Like what else could they do?

Faking it.

Faking it, sure.

And forsaking it.

That's where people are tempted by something, by that devil we were talking about.

Yeah.

And they say, no, no, no, I'm not going to do it.

Quaking it.

Oh, okay.

Where you have to be filming during an earthquake, but...

And be a Quaker.

Right, of course.

Shaking it, you just shake stuff.

Oh, yeah.

That's the easiest spin-off of them all.

Yeah, there's one episode.

Yeah.

It's like, and everyone looks at each other at the end and goes, like, this was too easy.

Yeah, the show was too easy.

Yeah.

Everybody wins.

Yeah.

Raking it.

Oh, yeah.

And that's just where you invite people over to your house to do yard work.

Yeah, and then you scratch their face with a rake.

And scar them for life?

Yeah.

That one's good.

It's interesting that Freddy Krueger, he's got these big knives on his fingers.

I don't know if you've seen these.

These are spoilers for a nightmare on Elm Street.

It's too scary for me to watch, but I know he has knife hands.

OK, he has knife hands, right?

And then his face is all fucked up.

So you think, like, oh, this guy fell asleep with the knife hands.

And instead, he's got this weird story about being a janitor and all this stuff.

Like his face has nothing to do with the knife hands.

Yeah, it's crazy.

It's like, put one and one together and make two guys.

Like, it's right there.

He just, he takes a nap accidentally and goes into his own dream, you know?

Can you imagine that guy trying to take a whiz?

You probably sloshed it right off.

I mean, dusty high fives.

Yeah, right here.

Anything else to plug any movies coming out in Hotel Transylvania for?

Yeah.

You seem ambivalent about everything coming up in your career.

I mean, was Brooklyn 99 the peak?

Is everything downhill from here?

I hope not.

I hope not too, but who knows?

I mean, you know, we had a good run.

Yeah, you had a great run.

Eight seasons.

The thing about putting stuff out is, who cares?

You know, I feel happy that I got to do funny stuff and I hope I make more funny stuff.

Any BASH brothers sequels going out?

Oh my god, I wish.

Ah, that's a funny show.

Go to Netflix and watch what's it called?

The unofficial.

The unauthorized BASH brothers experience?

Yes.

It's a video poem that me and Keith made.

Yep, it's very funny.

That's what I'm here to plug.

Yeah, it's very good.

All right, Dusty, what are you plugging?

Well, big grande website.com.

We got a new animated special in there.

Are you part of this?

Lush, my friends.

Your friends with some people in big grande?

Friends in the big grande group, guys.

Really?

Yeah, they're good.

They're very talented.

Yeah.

Oh, thank you.

So people from them.

Yeah, so people go on to big grande website.com.

Website.com.

And you can buy the plenty of their podcasts or the same thing.

They just put out an animated thing.

It's an improvised animated special, I guess.

Yeah, that sounds really cool.

It's a lot of fun.

OK, how much are they charging for that?

10 bucks for the hour.

Cheap at twice the price.

I appreciate that.

Yeah, I go see movies that are two hours and I pay like, you know, $18.

No, I know.

And you can put this on your TV.

Why not?

Just your phone.

Yeah, OK.

Very good.

Answer seeker Toby.

What are you plugging?

Oh, well, I didn't realize that for friends with the big grande, guys, we're obligated to promote their stuff.

Your friends with them too?

I am, yes.

Oh.

How did these guys get around?

They buy sealant.

They buy sealant for why?

Is that why they make so many shows together?

Because they can't get out?

I guess they were soundproofing their podcast.

Interesting.

Anyway, big grande and booked a 9.9.

Those are my plugs.

OK.

All right.

I want to plug, look, just comedy bang bang.

Keep listening.

You know what I mean?

There's more episodes.

There probably is one next week, as far as I know.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Make sure you don't mess around.

Don't mess around.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much, man.

I don't know if you know this, Andy, but it started to rain.

It started to rain.

I was just going to start a rain notice.

Yeah.

I'm feeling a little drip drop.

And that, of course, means that we have no theme song for the rain.

Should we make one up?

Yeah, let's do it.

Here we go.

Ready?

Three, three, four, five.

Rain, rain, rain.

It's coming down.

It comes down and drops.

It's, hey, rain.

Come on down.

If I open my mouth to the sky, I can get a drink of water now.

Hoooooo!

Rain.

Rain is when God pees.

Pretty good.

Yeah, I mean, considering.

No track.

If it ever rains on us ever again in this show, we'll play that.

By the way, that's a clean, free acapella for anyone out there who wants to make music and put it.

In fact, guys, when we close up the plug bag, what if we had you guys remix that?

Chop it up.

Do it every moment with it.

We'll start playing those after when we close up the old plug bag.

What do you say?

I'd love to hear some remixes of that.

Guys, I want to thank you, Andy.

Always great to have you on the show.

For your 10th or 7th appearance.

We'll figure it out.

Really appreciate it.

I'm trying to wrap up quickly while this rain is coming down.

I'm kind of digging it, but I am under a umbrella.

You're under the umbrella.

I am under nothing.

Dusty, great to see you.

I think you should be arrested for everything that you do to those cows.

Of course.

And maybe some of the things you do to the cow hands.

No, come on, they like it.

You have consent?

Okay, you said that very slowly.

In Toby, kick the guy in the nut.

Find out that in scene.

Yes, I'll look into the in scene.

You have to.

I love talking to you, though.

I mean, you're just a young kid.

I think you have a bright future ahead of you.

As long as you get over this hump.

That's it.

Mm hmm.

I just reminds me when I worked at the camel petting zoo.

What I used to hear.

No, wait, you worked there before.

Yes, that's another time.

That's another time.

We got to talk about it next time, but we don't have time now.

All right, guys, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
