♪♪ The only thing we have to fear is snakes with electric nail guns taped to their tails.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, okay. Thank you to Alfredo Film Geek.

Oh boy.

Wonder what films he likes.

He likes things like...

Someone wanted to say something.

Yeah, I'm a carbon-or film geek.

Oh, you're a carbon-or-a-film geek?

What are you doing in here, sir?

I know we have an open door, but you were just passing by.

I'm looking for films, I love them.

There's no films in here.

Oh, good boy.

Usually, oh, okay, usually I have three or four on my person, but today I did not bring any.

Welcome to the show, Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Zepi-Depi, of course, we're deep in the middle of it.

And welcome.

My name is Scott Augerman, and we have an incredible show for you.

A little later we have a salesman or a salesperson, I should say.

Uh, he's a man, though.

And we also have a startup CEO, and that is non-gender-specific.

I will keep you guessing on that one.

We will find it.

That's a great tease.

That's what they call a podcast tease.

We will find out exactly what is up with that person coming up a little later.

But first up, we have an actor.

An actor.

How fun to have an actor on the show.

He has been on the show several times.

He is, um, he was on, uh, he's on some show.

I can picture it in my mind where he's wearing a hat, and he's on a horse or something.

Maybe he's never on a horse, maybe.

He's been on a horse.

He looks like he should be on a horse, and he's playing the Indubital Mr. Witherberry or something.

What is it?

Constable Jackson.

Oh, Constable Johnson.

That's right.

And what's the show called?

Murdoch Mysteries.

Sometimes called the artful detective on some channels.

Oh, that's right.

What about the Matlock Mysteries?

It's not Matlock Mysteries.

Not Matlock.

I was on Matlock, of course.

You're that old?

In 1985, yes.

Oh.

I am that old.

Wow.

I was a bit of a baby back then, but you can see the back of my head.

He was also in a show called Orphan Black, which was, I believe, on BBC America or something.

Correct.

And he is in a new show called Family Law.

We don't know where anyone can see it.

It's playing in America.

It's currently playing in Italy.

It will be playing in Canada on global.

Oh, really?

Is it dubbed in Italy?

I hope so, because my Italian is very bad.

All right.

So you were speaking Italian all the time.

Yes.

OK.

So I'm hoping that that.

So it's dubbed in America as well in English.

No, they're keeping my original Italian.

Oh, OK.

Great.

And what character do you play in this?

And I'll introduce you in a second.

Well, I play a fertility doctor for the second time in my career.

Interesting.

What is it about you that makes you look like you like to get down there and on and just really study that kind of thing?

I think I have a helpful face.

I think it's my helpful face.

Or maybe I have a face.

Maybe you have a face that, like for a vagina, it's like looking in a mirror.

Yeah, I've been told that many times.

Many times by casting directors.

Casting directors, former flames.

Yes.

Most former flames will say that about me.

Interesting.

He plays a fertility doctor on this show, Family Law, which is not like Murdoch Law or Murdoch Mysteries.

Matt Lock Law or anything like that.

It's Law with the family.

Please welcome back to the show, Christian Brun.

Hello.

Hi, Scott.

I'm back.

You are back.

Great to see you in person.

It feels great in person.

I don't think I've seen you for a couple of years at this point.

Is that right?

I mean, definitely a year and a half.

Definitely a year and a half.

Yeah.

Why?

What happened a year and a half ago?

Can you place us?

Yeah.

Hanging out to go.

At your house.

At my house?

Oh, okay.

Okay.

I know which one was that?

The new one.

No, no.

I mean, which event was it?

Super Bowl or Christmas?

Both.

So must be Christmas.

No, no.

It'd have been Super Bowl.

It would have been Super Bowl.

Super Bowl is the most recent?

Yes.

So yeah.

So we're talking a little bit.

Just before the pandemic.

When they throw that football shaped ball, it thrills me.

Did it thrill you at that party?

Yeah.

Like deep down in the groin region.

Yeah, it really does.

It makes sense.

Not simply.

It makes you feel like, man, they are playing this game essentially.

It's big skin too.

So it's like really like you just want to touch it.

But they're playing this essentially.

It's like a game.

Like you've been to parties.

They played party games.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

But this game wasn't at the party.

It was on the TV.

We were watching it at the party.

So it's sort of like a party game in a way.

But they throw this ball around back and forth and back and forth and then people are out there punching each other in the face.

Well, here's the thing, Scott.

I mean, they call it football.

But most of the time they're handling it with their hands.

I mean, it doesn't make any sense.

They should call it handball.

Exactly.

And they should call handball like dorkball.

Yeah, because only dorks play handball.

Yeah.

Not cool guys like us, right?

Mm-mm.

We watched American football.

American football.

And it was thrilling.

And I do remember, was it not Shakira and JLo?

Were they not the halftime performers?

I believe they were.

And that's the last time I saw you.

Just vibing out to Shakira.

They're big time.

Shakira.

What do you think of Shakira?

Wow.

I wanted her to pick up that ball.

The Colombian warbler.

Yeah.

Just that voice.

♪ Haha, ha, ha ♪ The Colombian warbler.

That's what they call her down in Colombia.

I believe so.

Of course, there they say the here warbler.

Yes, yes.

But I wanted her to pick up the ball and throw it to JLo.

And then JLo is just like, suddenly she takes off whatever she's wearing.

And she's wearing like a jersey from one of the teams.

And she sneaks like, what do they call it when they get to the other side?

A touch goal.

Touch goal.

I wanted her to get a touch goal for the team.

Oh man.

I think they should make the halftime artists team up against each other and play one-on-one football.

Yes.

Whoever the two artists are.

And then one of them gets to perform.

Yes.

Whoever wins.

The other one goes home and chains.

Shame.

No advertising money.

Nothing.

Don't get paid.

And it would be great.

And it would be almost like an open or something like that where anyone could compete against like.

Yeah.

Maybe a round robin and then there's a whole tournament.

You know, it would be like nine-inch nails and established band.

Yeah.

Versus like, you know, just Johnny on the street corner.

Johnny on the street corner or a one-hit wonder maybe.

Yeah, you know.

Like the new radicals or something.

Whoever wins it, sins it.

Or sings it, I guess.

Yeah.

Sings and sins.

Mm-hmm.

Christian Brun is here.

And now Christian, you've been on the show several times.

Several.

Did you ever fear that you were going to be part of our exclusive one-timers club?

Um, absolutely.

Because that first time I was on the show, it was only because TAT was on the show.

And I think she was nervous about doing it by herself.

Yeah, I don't know that I knew you at the time.

No, you did not.

No.

Was that us meeting for the first time?

That was.

On this show?

Yeah.

A lot of great friendships have been forged on this show.

So many.

Some of my closest friends have been on this show.

But not me.

No.

You have been on this show though.

I have.

Thank you.

And we mentioned.

But it's weird that I haven't become like one of your closest friends.

I would love to be closer to you.

Okay.

I mean, how do we get there?

I mean, maybe who is the table?

I don't necessarily mean in proximity.

Oh, I see.

Emotionally.

But how do we get there?

Well, let's get into it.

Yeah.

What do we, what do friends do?

I mean, you didn't even hug me.

No, I did.

And look.

And this is the thing.

When I saw you.

I tried to hug.

People that I'm seeing back in my life after the year and a half, every, everyone I knew was at this Super Bowl party where, where people were just throwing this ball back and forth.

Everywhere.

And everyone I knew was there and everyone since then, I see them and they want to bring hugs back.

And I'm like, you fools.

Have you learned nothing?

You never liked hugs, Scott.

I don't like hugs from certain people.

I'm pointing at you for some reason.

Yeah.

Because anytime I hugged you in the past, you always like, I felt the cold air around your body.

I know what it would is.

Frost us.

What is, what is, what is, what do, what do, what do, what, what are hugs?

You know what I mean?

They're touch.

Touch.

But why do we need to touch people?

Touch, punk.

Datch, punk.

Right.

Rode a whole song about touch.

That's such a great point.

And the doors.

Yeah.

He wanted people to touch him.

Yeah.

Or a certain person.

I mean, that would be called babe.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, he's got a history.

He, well, that's true.

But, and then he died on the toilet.

Do you think that's related to the toilet?

Him and Elvis.

Toilet.

Toilet death.

Why not?

Maybe a bathtub.

But it's next to a toilet?

Well, it's very different.

Yeah.

But I mean, look, if you're dying in that particular room, I mean, you may as well just be dying on the toilet.

Maybe you might as well be naked.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm sure you're going to really go for it.

If you're going to really go for it.

Yeah.

You know?

God, would it be so pretty?

I bet he was on one of us is going to die in a bathroom.

I would hate to die in the bathroom.

Me too.

I tell you, boy.

Don't want to do it.

It's so mortifying to have the police.

And I'm sure they do the chalk outline and everything in your bathroom.

What if you're sitting on the toilet?

Do they just do the chalk outline around your feet?

I guess so around the toilet itself.

Yeah.

Maybe they make a big circle in the shape of your ass on the actual toilet seat.

I don't want to move the toilet.

And then they make sure there's a chalk outline with your butt cheeks.

And then just like, what if they drew a fart cloud coming out of it?

Yeah.

And then the word poot.

Or one of those classic poos that's just like one tube and another tube and then a couple of flies like you see in your comic book.

You're talking about your comic book.

You know comic book poo.

Show.

Okay.

Sure.

I don't know that I've ever.

Look, I've read my share of Spider-Man comic books.

I've never seen him take a poo.

No, but other characters I'm sure I will find.

Okay.

I will.

This is my mission now, Scott.

I will find.

It's a weird mission, but I'll poo.

It was Spider-Man comic.

And I will send it to you to prove that you surely have seen a comic book.

You think poo has ever been in a Marvel comic book ever?

Yes.

100%.

I want our comic book historians out there to like send us panels of poo.

Okay.

And I'm not talking animal poo.

I'm talking human grade poo.

You want human poo.

I mean, I'm sure there's dog poo.

Maybe there's dog poo.

I bet there's been dog poo where like Spider-Man's like, Oh, pick up after yourself.

Yeah, seriously, that counts.

That's poo.

But I'm talking human, just regular human poo.

That might be hard to hear.

True believer.

Oh my God.

Who's this?

Is this me, Lagoste, Stanley?

I'm here to tell you that there's shit in every frame of every Marvel comic.

Is this like the, oh my God.

Like this comic book where they put blood in the printing presses?

No, that's cool.

I'm saying it's secretly drawn in there.

Oh, oh my God.

It's like, Urgefeld's Nita.

Can you make shit?

Do they draw a character over it or is it visible?

Like, can you find it?

Oh, it's visible.

Oh, you know where it looks.

It's really.

Get into you with a no prize.

Oh, oh.

It's healthier.

I have to go back to it.

No, wait, Dad.

Oh, stay away.

Why are you?

Wait, you're a ghost.

He's in hell.

He goes to hell.

Yeah.

That's probably bad.

That's better.

It's not.

They can't stab you with those pitchforks.

I was still a ghost.

Well, I mean, you're not.

My unfinished business is to get to heaven.

Oh, OK.

Well, what do you have to do?

I mean, you've got to.

Oh, fuck it.

No.

Well, can we help?

No.

I mean, can you?

I mean, probably not.

I mean, maybe I'm taking it too much of your time.

It tells you.

It tells you, Urge, we love you.

Stan Lee, that was thrilling.

That was, I mean, God, he created the, the Fantastics.

And yeah.

Fantastic.

Join us.

Yeah.

If it feels to flower.

My God, Christian, that was a, that was a real.

I'm so honored that I got to meet Stan Lee.

Incredible.

I mean, technically the ghost of Stan Lee from hell.

Oh, yeah.

Not as good as human Stan Lee.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Because that would be on set in a cool film, which I haven't had the opportunity.

Christian speaking of cool projects, though, you have this thing, family law.

That's really.

Tell us everything.

Well, it's a legal drama.

Maybe a dramedy.

Did you say an illegal drama?

Legal.

It is fully legal.

We can watch this.

Yes.

Is it like you're an early illegal?

I wish.

It's for TV.

What?

I'm just saying it's for.

Okay.

All right.

It's for, you know, it's network TV.

Jewel state is the star, Victor Garber.

Oh my goodness.

It's the garb.

The garb.

And the garbs he wears.

Oh my gosh.

Does he change clothes a lot?

Yeah.

Because of his name.

A lot of nice suits.

He's like, the garb is here.

He has a cape and he throws it off.

Whoa.

And then he's like James Brown.

Yeah.

And then they have to throw the cape on.

Throw it back on.

He starts crying.

No, I want to do the scene again.

And then he throws it off.

And how many takes do you have to do?

Is this like 70 or 80?

70 takes just because of his goddamn cape.

Yeah.

Amazing.

Yeah.

He is amazing.

Yeah.

No.

One of the greatest actors of any generation.

Any two.

Put him up against any dead actor.

Yep.

He'll act as shit.

Because they're dead and they can't do anything.

Yeah.

But the ghost of Stanley, put him up against that ghost.

We all know Stanley was a fantastic actor.

He was so good.

I mean, they kept putting him in these huge movies.

Yeah.

I mean, he's played the most characters out of anyone in Marvel films.

Oh, definitely more than Robert Downey Jr.

More than everyone.

I mean, he was that good.

I mean, Robert Downey Jr.

only played one role in Marvel films.

So.

That's a good point.

I mean, you got- Stanley's played like- Mark Ruffalo plays Bruce Banner.

And then I think he also plays that other character, the Hulk.

Yeah.

And then the mashup of the two.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

That's spoiler alert.

Yeah.

If you haven't seen every Marvel film by now after the pandemic, then what are you doing with your life?

Speaking of the Hulk, our old friend, do I say friend?

And friend.

Okay.

With a D.

Yeah.

But I'm short on time for this segment.

So I want to save a little bit of time.

I understand.

Tatiana.

She is playing She-Hulk.

Shulk?

Yeah.

Now when you guys were on our Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles show- With Sprague the Whisperer.

And we talked about number two, I believe.

I believe in another two.

Yeah.

That's right.

And the Secret of the Us.

No, no, no.

It was an animated one.

Oh, did we?

We made you watch an anime at one, but I guess Tat has memorized number two.

Absolutely.

Secret of the Us is her favorite.

That's her favorite.

Yeah.

The original's mine.

So when we were talking- Mm-hmm.

And that was a year ago, actually.

That was a year ago.

The Zoom.

We offered her the role in our reboot of- No, no.

Of- You offered me- No, no.

I'm talking about her, though.

I'm sorry, there's an echo in the studio.

God, I thought you got the sound panel.

No, I'm first I'm talking about her.

Then I'm going to segue over you.

Understood.

That's okay.

But when we were talking to her, we offered her the role of She-Shredder.

And I said, it's a lot like that character She-Hulk, where it's like you take one character and you put a She in front of it.

God, yeah.

She was so GDKG.

Yeah.

GDKG.

I didn't know about it at that time.

GDKG.

She was GDKG.

About the whole thing.

And you can hear her stutter like, uh, yeah.

And you can hear her tugging at her shirt collar as well.

That was her publicist off screen.

Trying to get her off, really.

Yeah.

Let's stop it.

But she- She did not give up the ghost on that.

She didn't.

Not even to me.

Like she told me- Yeah.

And she's playing that gosh darn role.

That GD role.

Yeah.

Coming out next year.

Yeah.

She gonna come back- On the Disney pluse.

Yeah. She gonna come back for that.

Are you a- Yeah. Are you a package deal?

That's my follow-up.

Yeah. Like on Twitter, everybody just assumes that I should do every project that she does, but just like a sub role.

Yeah. You should be- In everything that she does.

You should be pugger, whoever in this.

Did you get a pug from Alpha Force?

No, you should be pugged from Midsummer Night's Dream.

If we spirits have offended, think about this.

And all is mended.

That you have but slumbered here but slumbered.

But slumbered.

Weird, very- For him to use.

You know what?

He invented a lot of words, and that's where we get but slumber from.

I guess this is when you've been sitting down too long?

Pug?

Yeah. When your ass falls asleep on the toilet, where you might die.

Yeah.

If you spend too much time on that.

God, that would be- I hope I die laying down.

Yeah.

That's the best.

Peacefully in your bed.

Yes, everyone does.

Like not too many people die- Like standing up against the wall.

Some people do.

I mean, Elvis was probably just propped up on his toilet.

That's a good point.

Yeah.

Did he have a sandwich in his hand at the time?

Yeah.

Like a peanut butter.

Maybe a gun in a sandwich?

But the gun was for the sandwich, I think.

Sure, yeah.

He likes to shoot the hole in the middle.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

To make it aerodynamic, it goes down.

Exactly.

Oosh.

Yeah.

Right in there.

Christian Brunner's here.

Oh yeah, when we offered you the part of- I think it was like crang or something.

Crangs body.

Yeah, we weren't going to let you have the head.

Yeah.

First of all, you talked about me being shredder and then you took it away from me and gave it to him.

Well, suddenly we realized we were there with an Emmy winner and we were like, what the fuck are we doing here?

I get it.

To be honest, I think we also offered Lauren Laffk as something that we wanted to take back as well.

Okay.

So you're in good company.

Great.

I always come on this podcast and I just leave feeling so beautifully dejected.

I'm so sorry about that.

No, no, no, I want to pump you up.

As Hans in front.

Yeah.

Did you get that up in Canada?

We did have one Hans.

Oh, they only gave you Hans.

Yes.

Oh, and they erased from it.

Because the impromptu rate.

Yeah, that's tough.

It was tough.

Had no idea what he's talking about.

Yeah.

He would be like, we want to pump.

And then he would- And then yeah, that's it.

That was it.

And you just want to pump?

Like, yeah, I want to pump.

I just want to pump.

Sure.

Yeah.

Let's get that clean from you.

Okay.

I just want to pump.

Okay, great.

We're going to be using that for several drops.

Christian Brundness here.

Look, we drop.

Okay.

Low reference to the boys.

My reference ometer is pinging right now.

We do have to take a break if that's okay.

Sure.

We need to pay some bills.

My bills, if you know what I mean.

Can you pay my bills?

Can you pay my automobiles?

Automobiles.

That's a great way to- What do you think about that lyric?

I hear it sometimes and I'm like, pretty good.

It's pretty- And then I go like, ooh, cringe.

Automobiles.

Maybe there's a guy out there named like, Automobile.

Automobile.

Auto.

Automobile.

And then Mo use car salesman.

What?

Come on down to automobiles.

What's up with Manny, Mo, and Jack.

One of them's Mo.

It's right there.

Just make it Auto, Mo, and Bill.

Automobile.

The Pep Boys.

Yeah.

Maybe that's- Fucking idiots.

Oh, fuck.

Maybe that's the reference this whole time in the song was the- God, they make me so mad.

Are you okay?

I'm not okay.

I gotta- we have to take a break so I can cool off.

Yeah.

Look, when we come back, we're gonna have a salesperson, man.

We're gonna have a startup CEO.

This is a good show.

I'm happy you're excited.

I'm excited.

I'm so excited.

I need you here, buddy.

I'm here.

I'm here for you.

Okay, great.

All right.

We're gonna come right back.

We're gonna be right back with more comedy bang-bang-bang after this.

Comedy bang-bang, we're back here.

Christian Brun of Family Law.

Hi.

And of course Orphan Black.

What's going on in the Orphan Blackiverse?

Well, I believe they're gonna be doing another season of the audio book.

Okay.

Which is the cheap way to keep the show going, I'm guessing.

I guess so because- Then you only have to pay one person to do all the reading and- Yeah, and you don't have to pay for your vagina face.

By the way, I hope my mother's listening to this.

If you're just dropping in at this point in the show, go back and listen to the first segment.

Weird of you to do that, by the way, to just come in after the first second.

Yes.

We do have to get to our next guest.

He is a salesperson.

Very exciting.

He's never been on the show before.

We don't know what he sells.

We do know he's a person, so that's good.

Great.

That's a good start.

It's a good start.

How do you don't want animals on this thing?

No.

You're right.

It's gross.

You know what I mean?

Unsanitary.

It's like that guy from the doors who died on the toilet, he was when he was singing like, come on and touch me, babe.

What are you talking to, a pig?

And where do you want to be touched?

Yeah, in your pigtail.

Yeah.

Idiot.

All right.

Let's get to our next guest.

He's a salesperson.

Please welcome to the show Lorenzo Borgia.

Bonjour, Rosie, your Aga.

Thank you so much for having me.

This is my first time on a podcast.

Your first time on a podcast?

My first time.

Thank you so much.

It's a pleasure to be here.

And I am so grateful to you for having me on the show.

It's great to have you.

This is Christian.

Maybe you've seen, you must have seen his work on family law because it's airing in Italy, right?

That's right.

Oh, let me tell you, the guy that is a dub in your voice is so good.

Really?

It makes you look good.

Oh, great.

That's what you want when you get dubbed.

Of course.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

CCC.

Yeah, yeah.

How do you enjoy that family law show?

I mean, do you?

I love it.

It's full of drama and of course, legal issues.

Yes.

It's family.

Is it about a lawyer who brings his family to work?

See, he runs the crash at the law firm.

He plays Victor Garber and he has to do a thing where he's trying to get back together with his daughter who doesn't like him.

Oh, OK.

He's played by a Jewish state.

And so what he has to do is pretend to be an old Italian non who takes care of the kids.

So it's a sort of visit.

Doubtfire.

See, like how do you say doubt fire in Italian?

Doubtfire is a name.

Oh, no.

Oh, I know it's a name, but I guess it's made up of two different words that.

OK, never mind.

That's not how names work.

Um, so, so Victor Garber, of course, he has the all the makeup on and the wig and the mow.

And he is constantly having to run back and forth.

Because he's also a lawyer and so he has to go to court and then he come back to his one minute, you're on her.

I request a recess and then he go put on the wig that addresses everything, the mold.

And then sometimes he go back in the courtroom and he's still at the mold on and the doctor, the judge say, why, where's this mold come from?

He should go see like a doctor, you know, that may be carcinoma.

Yes, it is.

I've seen three episodes so far.

Three judges have recommended Victor Garber to the hospital and see dermatologist.

Right.

Which is bold, but I feel like like the second time I was like, they did this in the first episode and the third time I was like, it's a thing.

It's a motif.

It is.

It's a motif.

I like it.

Yeah.

Motif, by the way, is a French word, is it not?

It is.

So, but you're OK with saying it.

Are you allowed to say French words in Italy?

Well, you guys don't get one of these questions.

He's very confusing questions.

Well, I just, you know, you're.

You're an Italian.

You're an Italian guy.

Oh, like for instance, you've been saying C and other Italian words.

And I just then suddenly like you'll say like a French word out of the blue.

And it's just.

Well, what do you say for motif in in glazing?

I guess motif is that.

Yeah.

So get it.

I'm speaking English.

OK, so.

So you're speaking English because we say it.

You say it then.

What?

You say I'm like a parent?

You're a parent?

What?

No, parents.

Are you changing the subject?

Thank you.

You're a hero.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Got it.

In Italian, I'm guessing.

Yes.

Oh, it's good they dubbed you.

So anyway, I did not come here to talk about family laws.

I love the show.

Love the show.

Only been three episodes at this point.

I've only seen three episodes.

Oh, OK.

Great.

There may be more.

How many did they?

How was the order?

I mean, the season finale.

And then they're fit.

They just finished filming the second season.

They're already three seconds.

Oh, they're currently filming.

I saw three in a different order that I did not watch them the way I was supposed to.

Because I did see you.

Oh, you did.

And that's the last one.

Episode DHE.

Yeah, with the cliffhanger.

Oh, OK.

So were you?

Was I supposed to be a cliffhanger?

Yeah.

OK.

So so you were not excited by it?

It didn't.

I did not feel like I was hanging off a cliff.

So let me just say that.

That's an exciting feeling.

The way it is exciting.

And when you're hanging off a cliff, you're saying, how is this going to turn out?

It's really how is how are we going to wrap this up?

I was wondering why in the movie cliffhanger, it didn't end with like, so that's just a little hanging on a cliff going, uh oh, cut to black.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Because they could exactly.

And then they have the opportunity cliffhanger to another mountain to climb up.

And this time he hanging off and you got to go get him.

Yeah.

So you have to rescue the cliffhanger in number two.

See.

So are you in there?

What do you think happens at the end of number two?

I bet he hangs off two cliffs.

Whoa.

The guy who rescued the cliffhanger or the girl.

She is now dead.

The one hanging off the cliff.

Oh, flies.

Like it just keeps going.

You know how every cliffhanger movie is going to end, but is the way it's the journey.

It's the journey.

And who's going to be the one hanging off the cliffhanger?

And who is it going to be the one to hang off the cliffhanger?

Yes.

Laro.

No.

That's like a who shot J.R.

Who's hanging off that cliffhanger?

Who did shoe J.R. by the way?

I don't know.

He's never got the finale.

It was all the dream, wasn't it?

It seemed like a year later, a season later, they're like, I don't know whether technically J.R.

getting shot was part of the dream, but I think it was Sue Ellen, maybe or something like that.

But it seemed like no one cared once it actually was resolved.

Sure.

By the way.

You know what I mean?

It was fun to wonder.

There was a thing about shooting J.R.

is that we all had the chance to wonder.

Yeah.

We had to look up and he stars like, who shot J.R.

Like who the big questions?

Who made us?

What is our purpose on Earth?

Throw a throw a coin into a pool and say, oh, I hope I find out who shot J.R.

I hope I find out about- For the Trevi Fountain in Rome over your shoulder.

See, that's right.

Three coins in the fountain.

You know this song?

We did one with a fountain blend.

Make it mine, make it mine, make it mine.

Make it mine.

Drop.

Brilliant.

I have to ask though, Lorenzo, what are you here to talk about?

What do you- What do you sell?

I am a salesman.

It's a family business.

We've been doing this for generations.

I mean, this is an old Italian family business.

Wow.

How many- The name is pretty well known.

I mean, Borger.

You know the name.

Borger.

See.

What?

This is- Oh, this is- Oh, we know Victor Borger was- I think it was- That's a different spelling.

Right.

Oh, it is.

Okay.

How do you spell yours?

B-O-R-G-I-A.

Oh, and that's not how Victor Borger does it?

How does he do it?

B-O-R-G-E.

Okay.

That's right.

Period.

So, oh, okay.

Now, didn't I used to see- Who else is old enough to remember Victor Borger?

You may be the last person.

I want to know if the listeners- If you remember Victor Borger, please let us know.

Let's just remember the ads on TV for his- You can buy his music.

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

Yeah.

He would be like playing the piano.

And you know who else?

The music up there.

Mark Russell.

You could buy his VHS tapes as well.

Yeah.

Beautiful.

Did you have him in Canada?

Did you get him?

We loved him in Italy.

He skews the political system of America.

Oh, funny.

Beautiful.

Gently.

Gently skews the political system of America.

And we're- We're sitting there and Italy saying, Oh, he got them good.

He got them good.

Now we don't feel so bad about- Our insane government.

Right.

It is a little crazy.

It's Kipatsu.

It's insane the government.

It is Kipatsu.

Do you know I was the Prime Minister for like two weeks?

I did not even know.

You didn't even know.

You had made the opportunity to do so many interesting things.

Somebody told me I was forced out of office.

I was like, I never been in the office.

What the boys just have?

Did they been in power over the years?

So you know it's the same- I'm not sure.

Okay.

So- Okay.

Here is what we sell.

Yeah.

And we're getting into advertising.

Because usually it used to be word of mouth.

People would find out about a product and they would come to the shop and they would- You don't need to explain word of mouth to us.

I think we know exactly what it is.

And we'll just take it for granted.

The courts- I'm pretending I'm in family law.

Oh, great.

Court stipulates we know what word of- But daddy, no!

Oh, he better put the gold on.

I'm getting- You're speaking.

No, daddy.

Not in the courtroom.

Oh, he's starting to sound like something else.

Oh, did they not dub it like that?

That was my voice.

They cleaned it up a little bit.

Okay.

So this is our first time doing advertising of any kind.

And we have a new line that's coming out this year.

Every November we put out the new line.

And it's all new line of poisons.

And these poisons- Can I stop you right here?

Did you say poisons?

What am I?

The bell biv devo?

I said poison.

Poison?

Poison!

I said poison!

Poison!

So you're saying you're not- Ricky Bell?

No.

You're not Michael Bivens.

No, son of Michael Bivens.

And you're whoever Vow is.

Danny DeVito.

Big Bo-to?

Danny DeVito was devo- Oh, Bell Biv!

Yeah.

DeVito.

DeVito would be the greatest- Poison supergroup of all- Time.

Hey, regan!

Poison here!

That girl is poison.

Of course, everyone remembers.

Danny DeVito from his one role- Taxi.

What was his name, Louis?

See, Louis de Palma.

Louis de Palma, that's right.

Louis de Palma.

Paisano!

He's one of your Paisans, that's right.

Yeah, incredible.

Incredible.

As is Joe Mantegna, is he not?

See, yeah.

Taste of Chicago.

I saw him in a movie- If you like- Do you like it a pizza?

I love the go-to taste of Chicago.

Gotta go there, yeah, although I do believe it's been shut down.

But I saw him in a movie- Homicide the other day, and then someone called him a slur for a Jewish person.

I was like, Oh, his character's Jewish?

And then that was a big part of the- His whole emotional arc was being Jewish, and I'm like, His guy is so Italian.

Watch the difference, really.

You know?

Wait, how is it?

But can't there be Italian- Jewish people?

No.

Oh, okay.

I should have read.

God, if only the ghosts of Stan Lee were here to tell us- If there's ever been- Cattolecocolo.

You may only be Catholic- Understood.

In Italian.

Oh, I understand.

Well, no one wants to- Oh, really?

No, you have no choice.

Nobody likes it.

Really?

These are the words!

What's the worst thing about it?

The church.

Oh, yeah, that's a big part of it.

That's still- You must love the Pope, though.

He's a cool guy, isn't he?

Well, then he's got that big hat.

He's a Spanish.

He's a little puppy.

He's Spanish, I know.

But he's got that big- That long- It's like the wiener mobile, what do they call it?

The Pope mobile.

Oh, yes.

It's not so much long as it is tall.

It's a round.

It's a glass case.

It's bulletproof glass.

Oh, he's like a David Blaine kind of thing on wheels.

Yeah, he's in a big bubble.

And it goes, any waves, and what- Oh, no, this is a new Pope.

I don't know.

I still call him the new Pope.

The last Pope that I recognized- I thought that was Jude Law.

Was the new Pope.

Oh, that's right.

No, he was the young Pope.

Oh, yeah.

Young Pope, old Pope, new Pope.

Look, this is a show I have not even a scene, but I know that Jude Law was the young Pope and John Malkovich was the new Pope.

By the way, is Jude Law and family law?

This seems like a perfect opportunity for him.

They couldn't afford him.

Oh, okay.

Victor Garber.

The garb is very expensive.

So, but I have to ask circling back to what you're- More the God over the Garber.

Uh, you're- your- your- your- your company, uh, has sold poisons for generations.

Yes, Borgia poisons.

We have sold them for both.

Thousands of years?

Thousands of years.

See, is this legal in Italy?

Oh, see, I mean, if you know where to go to Borgia.

I mean, look, how's it going?

It's illegal to sell poison.

It's illegal to poison people.

Okay.

I see.

Oh, in this country you have guns.

It's illegal to buy.

Right.

It's illegal to shoot mostly.

So, like, guns don't kill people, people kill people.

See.

Poison doesn't kill people.

No, poison does kill people.

Oh, okay.

That's- it's- it's only use, is it not?

That is- Well, a gun- It's a vest- You can poison all sorts of things with a- with a poison.

Technically with a gun, you could use it to, like, till the soil.

Yeah.

You should hold on to a sandwich.

Yes, exactly.

Many uses.

A panini, if it will.

With- with a- with a poison, you could paint your house.

If it has a nice green tint, you could, but splash it on a wall.

Just don't lick the house.

You could- you could- You don't want to lick it.

Before you kick it, certainly not.

Or if you stick it.

Does- does anyone lick the house?

You lick the house.

Come on, we've all licked houses.

Okay, but young people lick out.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

See, in college.

That means- It's a new- it's a new thing.

Yeah, planking and- House licking.

See, see, see, see, see.

So, uh, yes.

So we have these poisons- Incra- And we- we- we- we come up with a new line every year in the- In the autumn- A new flavor?

What's new about it?

Oh, you know what?

Let me tell you something.

The flavors are so good.

People will be- People will be- If you're going to poison someone, you're going to get a guy saying, Can I have some more of the poison, please?

So he knows his poison- That good, well, he figures it.

I mean, you figured it out pretty quick.

So wait, his throat is bubbling?

And he's like, please, more to kill me faster?

Well, it depends on the poison.

Some are throw- some poison make you throw a bubble and- Some poison does not do that at all.

Some poison you lose- You lose your eyesight.

Some poison you lose you hearing.

Some poison give you the crazy legs.

Some poison you can't get about a bed.

Is that what happened to Robert Klein?

He couldn't stop his leg- He could not stop his leg.

Was he poisoned?

Was he poisoned by one of your poisons?

Was Robert Klein poison?

He could have stopped his legs.

Did he ever say the word Borgia during that routine?

Or- Not that I recall, but- But look, when you get poisoned, you're not going to bring the Borgia.

We just make it a poison.

Did you ever- Never poison- Not a man- After a while, we never poisoned anybody.

You had a reality show called Don't Blame the Borges.

Did you not?

Yes, I did.

Did you see the show?

Yeah, it was like a cake boss kind of thing.

Cake boss?

Yeah, cake boss.

Cake boss.

Yeah.

So it was- But it was like that where it was like you guys in the kitchen.

This is all flooding back to me now.

Is you guys in the kitchen?

You had the poison- The poison- Pacific poisons- C-C-C-C-C-C.

Right, right.

And we take our time doing it.

We have a leisurely experience in the poison kitchen.

And we have fun.

We have fun- And it was always delivered way in advance of when the people needed the poison.

Oh, it's ready to go.

You come to the shop.

And the poison's up on the shelf.

Was it like pond stars?

Both were poison?

Did you say porn stars?

But that's your Canadian accent.

Pawn stars?

Are you guys like porn stars?

We are well.

I mean- You are.

Some of us are.

Oh, there are some sort of porn stars.

Absolutely.

Some of us are in the government.

Check your lean.

You know, you see, you can't be in both at the same time.

That's illegal.

You're allowed to do porn.

It's just not done.

You're allowed to do porn.

You're allowed to be in government.

Not at the same time.

What about porn in church?

Is there a separation of porn in church?

There is a pronounced separation of a porn in church.

Okay.

You can't do it.

Because I can't do it.

Never mind.

Yeah.

The pope, not even in his mobile, could he do porn?

No, well, it's glass.

You could see.

But let me tell you something.

But that's in the vera.

That's got a church every Sunday.

It makes you want to do porn.

I'll tell you that much.

Oh.

He's so boring.

Oh, church.

You guys all hate it.

Oh.

You gotta go.

Can I ask you a question about your poisons?

You've been seeing them for thousands of years.

Did you supply the poison that killed good old Romeo and Juliet the star cross lovers?

How do I explain this to this guy?

I feel like I'm going to share some illusions for him.

But please don't.

It's better that he know.

Oh, you can hear me.

Yes.

You're speaking directly into a microphone.

Uh.

Micropahone.

Oh, okay.

I see a Romeo and Juliet.

They were, um, considered chain in glaze.

Fictional?

Okay.

Fictional.

Okay.

So they, the Borges were not a part of the expanded Shakespeareverse.

Oh, no.

Not even in the Italian ones.

Not even in Romeo, Juliet.

Not even in, in, uh, to gentlemen of Verona.

Not even in Julius Caesar.

Man, it would be so great to have like.

An Eclia Patrick.

Like, uh, even in the background.

It'd be so great to have like a castle rock type thing where like all the characters of Shakespeare's plays were there at the same time.

They were like totally fighting each other.

Yeah.

And they were like, Romeo fights Hamlet and is like, oh my god.

Do you, do you know, I seen a show, uh, called the Keynesian.

And this is a real TV show that I saw.

It was like a mini series.

And it had all the characters from Dickens that were contemporary with each other in the same neighborhood in London.

And I, well, I enjoyed it very much until a friend of mine said, oh, so it's like fan fiction.

And then I fell embarrassed for myself.

I'm so sorry.

Because I could not deny it.

Yeah.

You can't deny it.

So you must apply it.

That's good.

Thank you so much.

Let's get back to your poison.

See, I love to get back to the poison.

You have a new line coming up.

Did you bring any samples with you?

Of course I did.

Yeah.

Please take a look.

Oh my god.

I'm not drinking the poison.

Oh, I know.

Of course.

No, put that down.

OK.

You can.

Wait a minute.

I can drink this?

No, that's poison.

That's poison too.

OK.

Everything I brought is poison.

Oh, really?

Are they all by drinking or like, can we smell it?

You can smell.

So 75% of all this is poison.

Is that what you're trying to say?

No, 100%.

OK.

It smells like almond.

It smells like almonds.

It does smell like a martyme.

But when you say 100%, it's not like 110%, which is now the new standard of how much you have to do things.

Like when people go, oh, yeah, 110%.

Do you know what I'm saying?

I mean, I kind of know what you're saying.

So it's like 10%.

You're saying that it's been established.

Oh, yes.

That's the new base.

That 110 is in the new 100.

It's like the same thing as it is like turning it up to 11.

Now that's the new base line.

Yeah, yeah.

Speaking of baseline, turn it up to 11.

Do, do, do, do.

He played a debate in that movie.

He did.

Um, no, I saw OK, 110% This is all poison then.

Got it.

All poison.

But you can't smell.

So that smells like a martyme.

Yes.

And that is, yes, it is an arsenic base.

And what that is for is, let's say you find out that your spouse is achieving on you.

And you wait until.

I hope that doesn't happen.

I hope.

Oh, I hope this is not going to happen.

You don't want to be a cop.

No, no.

No, no, no.

No, it wants to be a cop.

A cop?

What is it in Italian?

Oh, it's the same.

A cop.

Oh, OK.

It's an English word.

We have no equipment.

It's from the expanded Shakespeare.

It has no equivalency in Italy because that would never happen.

No, never.

Oh, never.

Yeah, so it's a funny word.

So that is if you find your, you're, I suppose, I say cheating on you.

Then what you do is you make coffee in the morning and you put a little, just two drops.

Two drops.

Just two drops.

Why do you sell it in this jumbo container then?

Maybe you get remarried.

Yeah, but I mean, this is like, I mean, this is like, you know, those big ranch dressing containers.

I mean, that you get it Costco.

What is that point of reference?

What?

I'm so sorry.

That's the only thing I can do.

I was thinking about it in my mind.

I was thinking like those, those are huge bottles of champagne.

You see, like, you're a restaurant.

That's what I was thinking.

That's where two different people.

You see absolutely two different people.

But why are you selling them in bulk like this when you're only going to need four drops at most if you get remarried?

These are the samples.

This is so you can get an idea.

Why are you making your samples this big then?

So you can get an idea of the color of the sentence.

So what's the real one?

It's like a tiny, tiny.

So you're carrying around giant samples.

How much is this sample worth?

I mean, it's massive.

That would be a...

In Lira or Euro?

In Lira, two billion Lira, so 20 dollars, you actually.

Are you guys going to go over to the Euro at any point?

Never.

Okay.

Good.

Just the Borgias or...

The Borgias will never accept the Euro.

But wait, what does this do to you?

I hear them from a Greek restaurant?

No, you know what I say.

Okay.

What do you...

What does this make a spouse do like when you give to your spouse?

They die.

Okay, great.

See, the way the way it works is it attacks the insides.

And it makes everything shut down.

Oh, so every organ.

Every organ you can think of.

Yeah.

Oh, I can only think of maybe two, liver and heart.

Those are the only ones I could think of.

Well gone.

Really.

But here's what is liquefied.

Like this is...

Not just things to stop.

Just to stop.

Shut down.

Like a light switch.

Your muscles still work.

So, and this is what we call a tender mercy in the poison business.

You do not void your bows and bladder.

Oh, good.

Okay.

Because that's the worst.

I don't want to see my...

Yeah.

Even if my spouse cheated on me and they're dying in front of me, I don't want to see that kind of thing.

Because you want to see you love each other.

And it smells.

Yes, it wants you.

And it's embarrassing.

And it's still your house.

Because if they're on the ground dead and they do the chalk outline, they have to outline around the liquids as well.

CCC.

Yeah.

The spatter as they call it.

Right.

What about this one?

This is an even bigger jug here.

Now, what does this one do?

Well, take a smell.

Okay.

Tell me what do you think it smells like.

I'm getting notes of rat poison.

Oh, that one is just a rat poison.

That's just rat poison.

Okay.

So, I have a problem at my hotel.

Oh, okay.

Where are you staying?

I'm staying at the four seasons.

Oh, geez.

They got a rat problem right there?

In my room they do.

Oh, my.

In just in your room.

Just in my room.

Did you bring the rats with you?

Yeah.

Are you playing like some sort of pipe?

Traveled with you.

Making them follow you.

I don't know.

It's impossible that playing my pipe could have attracted you guys.

Oh, boy.

Maybe.

I don't know.

Am I the source of a rat problem at the four seasons?

In just your room?

In just my room.

I must think on this.

You don't think you too long because the show still needs to get in you.

So, make this maybe for your...

Smell that one.

Yeah.

Oh, this one.

It's been beautiful.

See.

Okay, I'm getting...

Is that chocolate?

Is that okay?

I'm going to eat a little bit of this.

But also...

No, no, no.

Do not touch with your mouth any of these jars.

Okay.

Is this also...

Is this gooseberry mixed with the chocolate?

See?

Ooh.

You have a very developed sense of smell.

I have a big nose.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Okay, thanks.

I didn't think you was going to figure it out, but yes.

That is my...

All right, I get it.

But you are very accurate.

That there is a little gooseberry in there, a little chocolate.

Do you want to smell?

Okay, tell me what.

Oh, goji berry?

See.

Okay.

Also, goat cheese.

See?

Goat cheese berry?

He's a chocolate.

It's a gooseberry.

It's a goji berry.

It is a goat cheese.

Wow.

What is it?

It smells...

Totally.

Yeah.

Really, really...

I was going to say...

D'lesio.

Yeah, but...

D'lesio.

Individually all these things smell good.

It is disgusting, but you like to smell it.

It is like the amor food, as the French say.

Oh.

Oh, another French word.

So you are imitating us more.

More food?

Like M-O-R-T, like death food?

More.

Food?

Nobody said food.

What did you say?

I swear you said food.

Yeah, amor food.

Amor, love.

Amor, amor, amor.

Amor.

Amor, amor, amor.

Food.

As in the fighters.

Ah, yes, the fighters.

Amor, food.

Mm-hmm.

The crazy love.

Oh, okay.

It's in the fighters.

Got it.

This is a Foo Fighters reference.

No.

It is enough.

Okay.

It is a French...

I'm off.

To the French language.

Okay.

And a concept of a crazy love.

What did she say?

She say.

Got it.

So what does this one...

You can make...

Could...

Don't...

I don't speak French.

Ah.

He's Canadian, I apologize.

I just know French.

So I don't either.

He basically can say like whatever the chip flavors are.

Exactly.

Ooh, all dressed.

Ooh, that's a bad catch-up chips.

Ooh, everybody knows catch-up chips are the best.

So would I go and make a chip that tastes like a sandwich?

And then what if you eat that same sandwich while you have the chips on the side?

Or you put the chips in the sandwich.

Cheeseless sandwich.

The chips.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Yes.

Tell us what this poison does.

Never heard of more accurate impression on myself.

Well, he was...

He was...

Both of you.

Speaking of the same time, he was not just a you, but...

But the half it was...

Largely it was you.

This poison is...

This is for you boss.

If you don't like you...

My balls?

I don't know.

What is the problem?

Boss.

I think it's the accent.

Boss.

Yeah, maybe it's the...

That's what I heard.

Look, my accent does not insert an L sound into words that do not have...

But it substitutes L sounds from words that do have them.

What?

And never mind.

Omits, I guess, as I showed said, instead of substituting.

That is not true.

Say...

We have it L in my language.

Sure, but say...

Say walls.

Walls.

Okay, now you're over announcing it anyway.

Okay, go ahead.

You expected me to say walls?

He's sure.

Like Steve Wozniak.

Sure, the walls.

Remember him from dancing on the stars?

I remember that he was dancing on the stars.

He's dancing on the stars.

And I remember that he was only, but my most vivid memory of him is being at a festival and seeing him on his segue.

We love what brand new.

He had number one.

Did he set the room?

Yeah.

He had the very first one.

And do you know, he gave me, for some reason I ended up meeting him, he gave me his business card, which was a metal.

Wow.

What a guy.

He was a metal business card.

What a guy.

He had number one and number two.

Speaking of number two.

Did he set the way?

Yeah.

He had the very first one and the second one made.

So that must have been his wife that was with him.

His wife.

And then...

His wife.

Yeah.

See.

I love it.

Right.

Great reference.

He was with his wife.

His wife.

Right.

Sure.

I don't...

Was it nice?

He was nice.

Your accent sounds remarkably close to Borat when you...

Never mind.

Anyway, tell us about this poison.

So you don't like your boss?

Okay.

Boss.

Got it.

Uh, he...

You don't like the way he treats you at work.

He doesn't give you the...

The promotion.

Typical boss stuff.

He makes you, uh, sit on his lap when you take dictation.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

He jesus around the desk.

Yep.

Uh, you have to pick up his dry cleaning by present for his wife.

That sort of thing.

Uh, that actually sounds like your duties.

Like what you'd be getting paid for.

No, you are...

This is not your job.

You are not a...

Okay, if it's not the errands for this boss.

It's not part of your job.

No.

This is a good point.

If you do work a job, where your responsibilities are to pick up dry cleaning, run errands.

Sit on a lap.

Do not poison your boss with this particular poison.

We do have a poison for you.

Don't worry.

But it's not this one.

Not this one.

Okay.

So here's what you do.

Uh, in the morning you go to work and the boss say, where am I coffee at?

Oh, it's another coffee one.

Okay, we get...

What a coffee-based poison.

Yeah, what's with the coffee?

It's too so far.

Come on, guys.

Can you voice that too thing?

Guys, just give me...

Okay.

Come on.

Only too soon.

Maybe it's different.

Okay.

Maybe it's a motif.

Oh, wait till you hear.

Oh.

What do you do with this poison?

Okay.

Well, what does this poison do to your boss?

Like, what does it make everything?

Okay.

You put it in the coffee.

Okay.

Sorry.

Sorry to have a two coffee-based poisons.

So you put it in the coffee, you drink the coffee.

What happens is, he can't move.

He paralyzes.

Paralyzes.

So he works from the nerves first.

So his body is just...

He's like he's in a prison of his own body.

Oh.

And he sounds like he will vacate his balance.

Immediately.

No.

Oh.

That even...

Because wouldn't that paralyze me?

Oh, it analyzes his anus and his...

It just wouldn't let everything flow.

So...

No, it keeps it...

It keeps it tight.

Oh, this is interesting because it either does let everything go, or it doesn't.

It depends on the boss.

Oh, really?

Wow.

See, it depends on the state that he's in when he drinks the coffee.

But the coffee would...

The coffee would...

Exactly.

This is the problem.

Is that...

But that's why...

He worked pretty fast.

So usually, unless the boss is an animal who can just down a piping hot cup of coffee in seconds, well, you could drink espresso.

See?

So it's quite quick.

But how are you so sure you can get the drop, you know, of poison, if you're just drinking little sips, you know?

Well, it permits you.

You got to start it really good.

I guess.

But what about the crema on the top of the espresso?

It doesn't not matter.

If you...

Well, you start to mix the espresso, the crema goes away.

Okay.

It's possible mad.

If you...

Here's the thing.

If you boss drinks espresso, it works.

He's going to be dead pretty quick.

And you're going to have some cleaning up to do.

Is that the Borgia promise?

That's the Borgia promise.

If you're boss...

We say this to every customer.

When did they have a boss or not?

If you boss drinks espresso at work, he's going to die very quickly.

And you're going to have some cleaning up to do.

Okay.

The Borgia promise.

Amazing.

Very quickly, because we need to take a break.

Tell us about this third poison, what you stir it in.

Okay. Give it a little whiff.

Okay.

Too big of a whiff?

You just had a little whiff.

And then I took like three big whiffs.

That's okay.

It's okay.

It's up to you how many whiffs you want to take.

Yeah. This smells like Purell.

Yes.

It is.

You put it in a hand sanitizer.

To mask the scent.

Right.

Then you squirt it into coffee.

Okay.

Wait a minute.

Okay.

All right.

Look, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll be right back with, oh, a startup CEO is going to be here.

We'll be right back with more Lorenzo Borgia.

More Christian Broon will be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back.

We have Christian Broon from Family Law.

And he plays someone in the season finale who is, it's so chilling that they bring him back for next year.

That's right.

Okay.

That's right.

We also have Lorenzo Borgia, who is a sales person and a poison sales person.

See.

Yes.

And the new season, New Fall Line is coming up.

The New Fall Line of a Poison is out now.

I thought you said November.

No, I did.

But I'm saying DC.

No one from the previous.

In America, it is out now.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

It's a, we get it a couple of months early.

See, I will be in.

It's a reverse family law, whereas family law is playing now.

Oh, right.

It's like Australia, where when they get summer in December and stuff.

And the slap.

Yeah.

What about the slap?

They had a slap first.

They had the slap first.

They know those lucky Israelis.

In America, you get a slap.

They know we get a slap.

Was it the backward slap?

Like how the water in the toilet goes, the counterclockwise down the down.

Like did an adult backhand a child?

Exactly.

No.

Penny's not what happened.

He was just a slap.

Okay.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

That'd be so awesome.

Just be like, whoops.

What did we have?

Backhand a child.

That would be awesome.

Um, come here, child.

Whoops.

We have to get to our next guest.

Uh, they are a startup CEO.

Very exciting.

Please welcome to the show for the first time Lane Driver.

Thanks, Scott.

Great to be here.

Great to have you.

Lane Driver.

This is Lorenzo Borgia.

I don't know if you've ever crossed paths or.

We have not, but I did see you speak at a TED conference.

You were there.

I was there.

I was in the front row.

Were you doing a TED talk or were you just speaking like in the lobby of this conference?

He was, they, they did the warm up person didn't show up and he took the stage with confidence.

Were you like throwing out candy to the crowd?

See.

I passed out of the pizza.

Poison candy?

I was the one, the Toblerone hit me square in the face.

I remember going to apologize.

That's what that indentation on your face is.

Yes, right here.

I walk up the lane.

It was rectangular.

I didn't mean to throw the Toblerone so hard.

And I said, no, it's a gift.

It's a gift.

I'll take it.

I'll remember it.

Keep going.

I want to hear your talk.

And he extemporaniized.

Is that a word?

He extemporized, I believe.

He extemporized a phenomenal speech.

Really?

It was just off the dome?

It wasn't until he was dragged out by security that we weren't.

Oh.

Unsanctioned.

Right?

Oh, OK.

So I thought I was helping filling times.

Is that a TEDx, technically then?

An X-Tetx.

I don't know what your is.

It was like TEDx squared.

TEDx squared.

Yeah.

Interesting.

What were you?

Because there's like TED official and then TEDx.

What were you doing there, Lane?

Who were you there to see?

I am a, oh, got so many people.

There were a lot of people there.

Yes, I was just like one person.

I was just like one person.

Oh, Sue.

Elizabeth Holmes.

Disney?

Elizabeth Holmes.

Sue Dibney, see.

The elongated man's wife.

Winded up killing.

Spoiler alert.

Oh, the boy spoiler.

Not with poison.

I'm so sorry.

I'm not interested.

Would you watch a purely poison-based murder show?

Like an NCIS.

But only about poison.

Boinsie IP.

Or the two Borgia shows.

There are two shows about your family.

Done.

Like an OPP.

The song.

Did you think maybe one of those P's was for poison?

Yeah, you know me.

Yeah.

OK.

Great.

So Lane, you were there just to see a bunch of people and then.

Yes.

So this is my first time having a startup.

I've never done this before.

You never, what did you use to do?

Lawsuits, mostly.

You were the victim of them?

No, I was, I sued people for money.

You sued people for their money?

Yes, very successfully.

There's a lot of money out there, Scott.

I guess so.

I mean, everyone's got some as far as I know.

Sure.

And there's a lot of accusations to be made.

I'm not proud of it.

Really?

But I can't- So what are the type of suits that you would do?

All kinds of- Mostly a lot of false advertising.

Oh, where they were false advertising.

You wouldn't do false advertising to sue them.

No.

Because that would be like an exception.

I'm not sure how that would work.

You like putting up a billboard?

I'm not suing you.

And then a trick them into going in the court and the accidentally say something incriminating.

And a subpoena server is like behind the billboard.

Just waiting for them.

Yes.

Now you're giving me an idea.

I'm actually going to write that down.

So no, you would sue people for false advertising.

It's false advertising everywhere, Scott.

Everywhere.

I sure noticed that.

Sure, notice that.

One of my big early on ones.

Do you remember the toy crocodile mile?

Sure, of course.

Not a mile long.

Not even close.

Didn't even think of that.

Not even close.

Not even 1% of a mile.

You expected when you opened this toy that it would stretch out.

I didn't expect it because I'm not an idiot, but I was able to argue in court.

And you were successful in this.

I was successful.

How much did you receive from this?

$2.6 million from that one.

Fing yes.

That's a lot of money, right?

That's, I mean, to some people?

Yeah, to me, I am some people.

OK, yeah.

And you put it them out of business.

Excuse me?

I believe they put it them out of business.

Yes.

Out of balls?

Which is it?

Now you're here.

What do you want to hear?

OK, baby.

Yes, they were destitute.

And there is some part of me that feels guilty about this.

Really?

Which part?

The left side.

OK, yeah.

Upper left.

I see you're drooping a little bit.

Yes.

You have a rectangular indentation on your forehead from the Toblerone.

Your left side is like drooping.

And I'm going to acupuncture for both of these things.

Oh, OK, really?

They're connected.

You know, when I go from my shoulder, my left shoulder, I get a point in my right eyebrow.

Interesting.

And it straightens out.

Look, I am not in the business of making someone destitute.

OK.

But they did have their share of the pie.

That's true.

I mean, it's like all of the world's money is one pie, right?

And then we each get a share of the pie.

Is that what you're saying?

That's what I'm saying.

OK, guys.

It's a zero sum times 7 and 1 half billion.

This is one like technical jargon.

You know, I don't mean to get all startup on you.

OK.

I don't want to speak in layman's terms.

That's enough about your past.

Tell us about your present and your future.

Scott, I was recently in the Catskill Mountains.

And I was eating at a beautiful, it's gorgeous.

And I was eating at a diner.

And they had beautiful.

There was a beautiful diner.

Beautiful.

The gorgeous diner is beautiful.

Oh, it's huge.

Gigantic.

The diner, it was a two mile hike just to get to our table.

Oh, amazing.

You must be hungry after that.

This diner.

Yeah, I was starving.

It's a bit small.

You have like Sherpas leading you up there?

Yes, we left our cameras in a pile.

In a pile.

And what, is there another Sherpa who watches the cameras?

Yeah, it's there's so many Sherpas.

It's a big system.

Wow.

The prices are high at the diner, but the food is worth it and you get all these Sherpas.

Are you tipping the Sherpas as well?

Are you?

And I never know how to do.

I never know.

It wasn't all inclusive or?

No, and they don't give you a guidelines.

So 10% is a 20.

You know, I.

For a Sherpa, I'm usually like a 30% guy.

Sure.

Well, I'm sure.

Because it specialized work.

I thought I'll give them a meal.

I didn't realize that would be insulting.

Oh, that's insulting.

That's insulting to them.

Yeah.

OK.

They hate food.

And then I, that's when I noticed the pile of meals that they had.

Oh.

Everyone had done that.

Was there another Sherpa guarding that meal?

A meal pile.

Yes.

It's a chain reaction.

I don't want to get into it.

I looked at the menu, Scott.

Beautiful.

Beautiful menu.

Beautiful.

It was gorgeous.

Gorgeous.

As far as the eye could see, there were pages of the menu.

Amazing.

It was like a cheesecake factory.

Times 10.

On the scale of panorama.

Wow.

Cheesecake square.

The power of an iMacs.

Yes.

It's like a 10,000 crocodiles.

Wow.

It's like Ray Yang.

You know the game.

You know it.

I like a game.

You must have been fooled.

See.

I thought it was a mile.

I look at the menu.

And here very clearly, their signature item is a scrambled egg dish served in a skillet.

In a skillet.

And wouldn't you believe that these people did not name this dish a cat's skillet?

Whoa.

That's.

It's almost insulting, isn't it?

I mean, it's staring them right in the face.

It's like a pet boy situation.

It's like a pet.

Don't get on about the cat boys.

Oh, and Bill.

Oh, boy.

Don't get on the side.

We had another one.

Why is the Pope mobile not called the Pope-o-Matic bubble?

See, you know, because that is what it looks like.

Yes.

It looks like the game trouble with the Pope-o-Matic.

It dies.

But he's a pope.

It doesn't make any sense.

But you know what?

I think that this is because first they make it the Pope mobile because they are afraid the pope is going to get assassinated, like the one Pope knows what.

And not the one that really wasn't real life, but the one that survived the assassination.

And so that they made the Marvel comic book about, do you remember him?

See, what if the pope was the thing?

There wasn't what it was.

Oh, he was the thing.

What if the pope went up there?

What if the pope was the second?

Was it the thing?

I think they're afraid that they're going to get enough people to push down and make it the pope.

And then pop the pope.

Yeah, it's a sense.

Be careful what you advertise.

Be careful what you wish for.

That's true.

I can see that.

That would be a false advertising lawsuit if you couldn't pop the pope like that.

That's right.

And I think that would be the biggest complaint.

But we couldn't pop him.

One hundred percent.

The game stops.

Back to your thing, the cat skill is.

The cat skill is.

Aren't you worried, as a person who makes these false advertising lawsuits, that people would order a thinking that cat would be served?

There is a little known portmanteau clause.

Oh.

Most legal.

I know someone who benefited from that.

Oh, really?

Yeah, this guy I know.

He benefited from a really clumsy portmanteau.

This guy?

I love it.

No.

Oh, just another guy.

No, no, just another guy.

He's going to show.

I love a portmanteau.

What's your favorite one?

Romance.

She-hulk?

Yeah.

Mine's carpet.

You put car and pet together.

I don't think you understand how portmanteau's work.

That's a compound word.

Most certainly do.

Is that the origin of the word carpet?

Yeah.

It was a car drove on a pet.

And they're like, I want to put this in my house.

That actually does make sense.

It does make sense.

Yeah.

So you're at this beautiful, beautiful diner.

And I- Beautiful.

Gorgeous, beautiful.

You wouldn't believe that the diner, to say it's a diner, does not do it seriously.

Wow.

How big is this?

Like three football fields?

What?

Three Tibets.

Oh, oh, wow.

As far as the eye could see, in every direction, including up, it was- Including really?

He's just got to hide.

How tall are these ceilings?

I mean, I'm not an airplane.

I can't measure that.

You're out of here.

She got you good.

She had to say that.

Got to see her for being an airplane.

See, see.

I have my checklist.

My lawyers are on.

Drop any of those in.

That was seamless the way you did it.

So- Thank you so much.

Just incredible.

So I offer my services to them.

I said, you know, if you would like, I could name some of the things on your menu.

And at this point, you don't- These aren't services that you provided anywhere else.

Never.

These are new services to you.

This was like a lightning bolt moment.

Right.

You're pointing at your, uh, Toblerone scar.

Every time I have a good idea.

It was like a Harry Potter, has it a lightning bolt scar?

You're the girl who lived.

I am the girl.

I'm just surprised you didn't sue Mr. Borgia for hitting you in the face with a Toblerone.

Never.

Given your history for- Because I'll tell you what, in that moment when he hit me, it started throbbing and burning.

Oh.

And something about the burn was different.

It wasn't pain.

Oh, okay.

It wasn't- It was a- It was- It was like brain damage.

Beautiful.

More- More- More- More profound.

So more profound than brain damage.

Less painful than pain, more profound than brain damage.

Amazing.

Somewhere between, uh, an epiphany and a rash.

Yeah, and a concussion.

Yes.

Yeah.

Similar.

Wherever those, like the Venn diagram of the epiphany and concussion- Which a Venn diagram with a Z axis.

It was a triple plane.

Sky.

Have you ever seen that movie?

No.

Oh man.

I just- For that Z.

I think I saw it in the trailer.

I saw it.

Oh, then you saw it.

Yeah.

So I offered my services and wouldn't you know they're willing to pay me?

Yes.

And I named several things on the menu.

Uh, they're chilly used to just be called chili.

Uh, gross.

What do they call it now?

Cats, chili.

Old, old has beans.

Old has beans.

Amazing.

You know.

Is this- are there beans in the chili?

Yes.

There were.

Okay.

How do they old?

No.

Oh, I need to call my lawyer.

Oh no.

You have a lawyer too?

I have a lawyer, yes.

I have a team of lawyers.

Oh, wow.

This sounds like family law.

Are they all related?

They're related.

Oh my gosh.

This is double her own scar.

Are you applying it before you come in here and you're digging it off when you go visit your family?

Uh oh.

He's in Mrs. Dovefire situation.

Don't- another great portmanteau, of course.

So I have this idea.

Scott, I'm starting a startup and if you know anybody and maybe people out there, if they want me to name anything, I am called rename, but it's RE colon name.

So it's sort of like regarding his name.

Regarding his name.

So that's- it's actually pronounced re name.

What is that?

How you pronounce- Do you pronounce re?

Yeah, we found that out on the- on the- on the- are you talking re me show?

It's like do re me.

That makes a lot of sense.

Yeah, so- but- but- but the thing is with pronunciations, if the majority of people don't pronounce it that way, then we win, right?

So we- Did you say rain the man?

I didn't say rain man.

It's- You want to say rain man?

I will say.

I would have liked you to say rain man.

Thank you.

Rain man.

I'll take it out.

Rain man to us all.

Yeah, and by the way, many hamburgers to you.

Oh, many hamburgers to you.

Thank you.

So you have it out here?

Yeah, we've had hamburgers.

We've had hamburgers.

Yeah, we have hamburgers.

No, the expression.

Oh, oh, oh, yeah, because that's German hamburgers.

Yeah.

Boy, Mr. Hamburg, you- he must be really proud.

Him and the Earl of Sandwich.

You know what I mean?

And whoever was from Frankfurt.

True.

These three guys have just changed the way that- And- And Tim Fritos.

And Octavio Pizza.

See, oh, I love him.

He gave us so much to us.

And Chester Cheeto as well.

Let's see.

And that Fruit Loops 2K on guy.

Chuck E. Cheese.

Fruit Loops, great name.

Great name.

Cheeto.

Terrible.

It looks cheating.

Yes.

I want that- Yes.

See.

And they're not shaped like, oh, it's like Fruit Loops.

Oh, they're not.

They're not a mascot.

Yeah.

Why do they want to call it Chezos?

Why are they called Chezos?

But- Do you have a job right now?

I do.

Okay.

You would expect Spaghetti-Os if you were buying.

Oh.

You know what I mean?

You're not a fan Spaghetti-Os, are you?

Do you have Chef Boyardee in your country?

He's from there, isn't he?

It's- He's a Burabtier.

He's French.

Chef Burabtier.

He's French.

He looks Italian.

I think- He has a mustache.

You know what I mean?

No.

Because he said it in the nose thing.

My nose?

Because I said it in the thing about your nose.

Oh, oh, yeah, yeah.

And now you're trying to get back at me.

No, I swear Chef Boyardee is Italian.

Did you not think that?

I thought he was Italian.

Yeah.

He's a fan.

All of his soups are floating in Spaghetti sauce.

I'm going to put a poll out there.

I would say most people think he's Italian.

In any case, what else do you have?

You have the old Hasbeans.

You have the Chester Cheetos.

The Catskillot.

That's my only two- That's my only two- My only two- But I'm willing to rename every- How much do you pay?

I mean, thousands.

They pay you thousands of what?

Pennies?

Of free meals.

I have vouchers to go back to- Whoa.

I have thousands.

It's a two-mile hike.

At this point, do you need- See that's how they make their money.

Do you need the shirper at this point?

No, my calves are enormous.

I don't know if you saw- I was going to say- Those look like fake calves.

Are you putting those on when you come in the room?

I got me.

It's the zipper on the socks that gives me my eyes.

Yeah.

Are you offering to rename anything?

And most things I want to.

Okay.

I drive her on the street.

You know, the other day- Olive Garden.

Olives don't grow in a garden.

Plus olives grow in a tree.

Yeah, the prax trees could be in a garden.

How many gardens do you know?

You may as well call it like- You may as well call it like- Olive Earth.

Olive Earth.

Olive the planet.

I'm just saying like, yeah, a tree is in a garden.

It's on Earth.

Are you going to say apple garden?

When somebody says I'm starting a garden this summer, you say, oh, what types of trees are you growing?

Oh, sometimes if it's a fresh property and you get to plant some maple trees.

She got you, but she got you.

She got you.

Alright.

I don't know.

You know, these are everywhere.

You know, it's in the bathroom.

The garbage can, simple human.

Why do I have to be insulted by an alien just to throw a paper towel in my garden?

And why did they start this company?

Why?

I don't understand.

The other thing, bathroom.

There's no bath in there.

There's not a bath in there.

There's a toilet.

Right.

Jim Morrison style.

And an even worse name, water closet.

Oh.

Sounds like a problem for your landlord.

But there's water in there.

And I mean, I don't see a problem with water closet.

But I know when you hear the water closet, what do you picture is?

You're going to open the door and then a flood of water.

Oh my gosh.

Harpo marks comes to be floating on a tidal bed.

Oh, there's a blood like it is shining.

Oh, yeah.

That's another one, the shining.

That's a bad bathroom break if it's filled with blood.

Oh, that's a biggie.

The shining tear.

What would you call the shining?

I would call it the dimming.

The jack movie where he says here's Johnny.

That would be great advertising.

Yeah.

What about the movie Jaws?

Great name.

Fantastic name.

I wouldn't change a thing.

Are you saying Joe's?

That whole movie.

Joe's?

Jaws.

Joe's.

The movie Jaws.

Jaws.

Who would you call sloppy Jaws?

Oh, sloppy Jaws.

What do you call them?

Sloppy Jaws.

Oh, great.

Does it make sense?

You can make a couple meal vouchers out of that one, for sure.

Yeah.

I just have to find the restaurant.

Did they serve sloppy Jaws though?

They didn't.

Yeah, it was the problem.

Right.

All of their Jaws are clean.

You should trick them into putting stuff on their menu they don't already have that you already have a name for.

Scott, this is brilliant.

Yes.

You need a partner, a silent partner.

Would you like to be silent?

I don't think I want to be so much silent, but I want to be your partner.

What's your name?

Yes.

We should change to love it.

Oh, here we go.

Go.

Talkerman.

Yes, because I talk on this show.

I talkerman.

These are amazing.

Wow.

No one's thought of doing that.

That's awesome.

What else in the world?

Virgin Airlines.

Don't you want someone who's done this before?

What is a Virgin Airlines?

Can I ask?

It sounds like you're just doing standers.

How many people out there?

She's doing a hot up.

She's doing a fake brick wall behind her.

How many people out there?

What?

These folks do order a drink.

Two drinks in that.

We're on a runway, but we're sitting.

We're not running.

We're sitting.

Okay.

So you're just a failed stand up.

Is any of that stuff you told me true about the lawsuit?

That's all true.

How can a failed stand up make money?

She got you.

She got you's got the traffic school?

I tried.

Do you know that they do not pay you to be a student in traffic school?

No, you have to be the teacher.

How damn it.

It's going on the list.

Sko.

Hey, okay.

So he's a Sko talker man.

What would you change?

Christian Bruin.

Why do you make his re-name him?

Very fast personal question.

Are you Christian?

Oh, that was so fast.

Yeah, that was so quick.

No, not even more.

Okay.

So, what about the Ian?

Take the Christ out.

What about just atheist?

Atheist.

Christian.

Atheist.

Yeah.

Atheist.

I like it.

I like that name.

Atheist.

It's a catch.

What would be a shortened version of that?

Athe?

Sure.

Yeah.

Hey, Athe.

Athe.

Yeah.

Lorenzo Borjo over here.

See, the right name me.

I love your name.

First of all, I love your name.

Look at this.

But why don't we make it a little more Italian?

It's like it's not a key.

Oh, see.

Lorenzo-t-see.

Borjo-t-see.

Oh, that's a great sound.

It just rolls off the tongue.

Oh, oh.

Lorenzo-t-see Borjo-t-see.

Sounds like a pasta.

Man, is that name.

I expect like, you know, the...

Sounds like a what?

Sounds like a pasta.

A pasta.

But I expect the fanciest guy wearing like, not even a three-piece suit, like a four-piece suit.

What is the fourth piece?

He's got like an inklet.

Ooh, inklet.

Chaps?

No, chaps.

On top of the sock.

It's like a pence over the pants.

And it's a bow tie.

It's a pants, chaps, bass, bass.

But the chaps are out of the same material as the pants?

Yes.

Okay.

So, you just, they just look like a bad pants.

You're putting a cool in the middle.

They just look like a bad pants.

Yeah.

Sure.

Okay.

On top?

Yeah.

Right where the Suri pants.

Yeah.

Suri pants.

That's what Tom Cruise's daughter should have.

It's a Suri though.

Sorry.

Suri.

I'm sorry.

His Canadian accent in your Italian accent.

It's really.

It's a Suri.

It's a Suri cruise.

Not Suri.

Hey Suri.

What is this on?

That's how they get you.

Hey Suri.

Who is your most possible distance?

Oh.

Amazing.

Oh.

Your Suri answer.

Oh.

Okay.

Hey Suri.

Who's Suri?

I'm Suri.

Your virtual assistant.

Stop saying that.

Oh boy.

This is a failed segment on the show a couple of years ago.

You put that whole year stand up maybe.

You know, I don't do stand up anymore.

I tried it.

I just did it.

You just did it though.

Who are your contemporaries?

Elaine Boozler.

Who are your guys?

Judy Gold.

Yeah.

Jude Law.

Rita Rudner Jude Law was big on the scene.

Well he was preparing for a role.

Yeah.

The talent of Mr. Ripley.

He was like, I'm sure this must be stand up.

And it killed.

And then he did it.

He played Mr. Ripley in it.

How about a cattle leafer?

Oh.

We loved carrots.

Why would you call her?

Because I look at her and I'm like, you're not a leaf.

Right.

But did you know that leaf is the Dutch word for sweet?

What a sweet one.

What a sweet song.

And it matches because a carol is a nice song.

Yeah.

So it's like a sweet song when you look at it.

Sweet Caroline.

You got it.

The chills.

Yes.

Amazing.

But not everyone I could say that about Rita Rudner.

I'd name her douche.

Rita Rudner.

Do a douche.

I shot the fire.

Wait.

You have beef with Rita Rudner?

I'd name her douche.

House fire.

Do a house fire.

Holy shit.

Saved.

Did she steal your jokes or what happened here?

Scott, I tried to steal hers and she noticed.

Wait.

Was that hold chunk about the runway and the Virgin Airlines hers?

And I will, I, to this day, I maintain that it is not plagiarism if I put my own spin on it.

What was your spin?

Well, she never grabbed the mic like that.

OK.

This is all the spoons.

Sure, the whole thing was grabbing her hair and sort of waving from side to side.

Put her leg up by her ear.

Remember that?

She was very flexible.

Shooting a ping pong ball out.

And then on the ball.

That's a show you saw in Mexico.

Was that not her?

No, I don't believe that was her.

Just like her.

Look, Elaine, it's great to have you on the show, but we're running out of time.

We only, unfortunately, have time for one final feature on the show, and that's a little something called plugs.

We only plugs.

Tell us what to watch with our friends if you have any friends.

But don't worry if not because I have a plug for you.

Watch season three.

Oh, interesting.

Getting his own plugs in there.

He didn't say season three of what, did he?

Friends?

Maybe.

Oh, friend.

Oh, OK.

Let's be friends.

Maybe I wasn't paying attention earlier.

But that was a plug for you by Ben Hewardine.

What would you call Ben Hewardine?

Wow.

You know, so much goes through my mind.

I think of Pepperdine.

Right.

See.

But what about just what he did?

He was a music guy.

I think of it as a CasaDine from a general hospital.

Oh, which one was that someone with an iPad?

Oh, these are the look a lot of days, and they were going after the ice princess.

Right.

Yeah.

That was a weird year, wasn't it?

It was a weird.

Well, if his full name is Benjamin, just shorten it to Jammin.

Jammin?

Yeah, because he was Jammin.

And then I would change his last name to Very Slowly.

Jammin Very Slowly.

Thank you, Jammin Very Slowly for that wonderful plug scene.

Oh, what are we plugging?

Christian, you obviously family laws out there in Italy.

Yeah.

But Italy, grab it and go.

Yeah.

Go somewhere.

Family law coming out on global in Canada and somewhere in the States.

I don't know where.

Yeah.

And then season two of that Orphan Black audio show, maybe?

Or?

I don't know.

I mean, as far as I know, it's just TAT, but it would be cool if some of us were on it.

Well, who knows?

Who knows what will happen to the universe?

Then, of course, maybe you're going to be in She-Hulk as well.

We have no idea.

As the husband?

Yeah.

As the husband, I'm hoping.

Yeah.

Poor Mantoe.

Yeah.

Poor Mantoe.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Port Man and Toe.

You're right.

Bellbevito.

I'd like to plug Bellbevito.

Bellbevito, of course.

Coming out soon.

Great.

All right.

Lorenzo Borgia, what do you want to plug here?

I want to plug.

If you are in America, come see me at the Four Seasons in Los Angeles.

You'll be playing your pipe?

I will be playing my pipe there.

Maybe some rats.

But you will get a first crack at the new line of Borgia Poison.

Italy, sorry you got to wait.

In the meantime, family log, grab it and go.

Grab it and go.

And do you have, is there any kind of a live event or anything that you're excited to see?

Now the things are open.

Well, it depends on when this is coming out.

I don't know.

But I think I don't know.

I don't know.

Then I'm going to say no.

Just say it.

I mean, there is some things that I wanted to see, but unfortunately they're sold out.

OK, never mind then.

OK.

Lane Driver, what do you want to plug?

Thanks for the trust.

You can check out the podcast Family Time on Patreon.

Family Ties.

Family Time.

OK, I would call it Family Ties.

You are not the Ray Namer.

Oh, that's right.

I'm so sorry.

But he's a silent partner, but there's a reason to be silent.

OK.

What is Family Time?

What is that?

It's an improvised ensemble combat.

Really?

That sounds cool.

That sounds very cool, isn't it?

Where do people get it?

patreon.com slash Family Time.

Oh, you got Susie Barrett.

Oh, she's great.

She's great.

You got Casey Faye, Oscar Montoya.

You got Peter Banifes and a whole host of comedy guests, different one every week.

And you can also check out Just Roll With It on Disney Plus.

Just Roll With It.

Now what is that about a boulder?

That is a, wow, it should be, shouldn't it?

It should.

It's Roll With It.

It's like the Rolling Stones are all right.

You try to go.

You watch a course because we can't talk about them.

Well, he's finally free from the Rolling Stones.

You know what I mean?

When you go see them, you expect to see like four stones rolling down a hill.

And I did.

And I asked for my family back.

And this is loud goddamn music?

Or two magazines.

Yeah.

Either one.

I'll accept either one.

But definitely no moss.

No.

No bacon.

No.

Just roll with it as a, you know, it's a, it's a half improvised sitcom.

The first one.

Oh, wow.

It's on Disney Channel and it's on Disney Plus now.

It's on Disney Plus as well.

That's right.

Yes.

Incredible.

God, I got to check these things out.

Family time.

Just roll with it.

Okay.

These are great.

I want to plug, well, you know, our show, Three-dom that comes out on Thursdays with Paul of Tomkins and Lauren Lapkis and myself.

We just ended the season, but you can still go over there.

And I believe maybe previous episodes are coming out from behind the paywall, perhaps, to tie them up behind the paywall.

To tie you over until the next season.

And hopefully there will be a next season coming soon.

And there is one particular episode where, oh, such an incredible feature on that show, Lauren's Topics.

You got to check out that incredible feature.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Two, three, four, five.

♪ When it's coming down ♪ ♪ Hey Ray ♪ ♪ Come on down ♪ ♪ When Ray ♪ ♪ Come on down ♪ ♪ Hey Ray ♪ ♪ Come on down ♪ ♪ I'll open my mouth to the sky ♪ ♪ Ray Ray Ray Ray ♪ ♪ I'll be here for days ♪ I mean considering no track.

If it ever rains on us ever again in this show, we'll play that.

Ooh, that was Mick Dave McDougall with the Rain Remix.

That was Andy Samberg and myself, a nice new remix.

Keep sending those remixes in if you want to hear them on the show.

All right guys, well I want to thank you so much.

Christian, so great to see you again.

What a honor. What a honor. In a year and a half.

In the flesh at least. In the flesh of course.

And that's the way I prefer to see you.

You've been in my dreams a bunch so...

Interesting, what is it?

What am I doing? I mean I didn't know why that is just because who knows why we dream of anything.

You don't want to know what you're doing.

Oh, okay. I'd love to do it in real life.

Whatever it is, I don't care.

We'll get there.

We'll get there as we do for friendship.

Oh yeah, cancel.

Good belay those plans.

All right.

Lorenzo, so great to meet you.

Thank you so much.

Mi piachére.

Gratzier so much.

I'm sorry, should I have called you?

What am I calling him?

Lorenzo Edo.

Lorenzo.

Borjatini.

I guess I call Lorenzo.

That's a chef.

Delicious.

Lorenzo Edo, like you were one of the dancing Edos or something.

Oh, do you remember?

What are they now?

Do you remember President Dixi?

Do you remember?

Do you remember the dancing Edos?

What do you remember?

What a David Doe Edo.

David Doe Edo.

He had followed it up.

Do you remember the dancing Edos?

They hadn't even come out yet.

But he was so ahead of his time.

Do you think that David Boy was aware of the noise?

Enough to avoid it, hopefully.

He lived during the period.

During the noise.

During peak noise.

See, cheers.

Do you think he ever on the TV?

He saw the noise.

He's a fun to think about.

His truly is fun to think about.

And Lane Driver, partners, of course.

We are partners.

We can't go back on that.

I have it on tape.

It's so great to have you on.

Please come back and tell us whatever weird...

I'm assuming the renaming stuff is probably going to end.

Oh, jeez.

But whatever weird thing you're up to.

Whatever you're up to next.

Oh, Scott.

I believe in you too.

I'll see you on whatever podcast comes after Comedy Bang Bang.

Next week.

Alright, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
