♪♪♪ The rain in Spain falls mainly in late October and November.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Mmm, thank you to Ian, aka Koivolff. Koivolff for that wonderful catchphrase submission. Koivolff!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition. And boy, in the middle of back-to-school month, everyone's going back to school!

Very exciting when it comes to this show. Just watching the kids in crosswalks as they go to schools, then I assume they're learning.

And then they're in the crosswalks when I'm driving home from work too. So it's like a double crosswalk situation.

It's a wonderful month. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. My name is Scott Ocarvin. We have a great show for you today.

Coming up a little later, we have a couple of contest winners, so that's very exciting.

We also have two people in the entertainment industry, both performers and producers, writers, everything like that.

So that'll be coming up. We also have speaking of producers.

Boy, we have a...

Something written... You don't have COVID, do you?

Oh, dude, I was chewing on some Ritz crackers and I was chewing on...

Okay, how are those Ritz these days?

Pretty dry.

I go to say, if you don't have anything to spread out of, they're just sort of like shards of power.

Before you end up thinking, it's buttery. It's buttery, it's Ritz. You're switching your mind into a piece of brie.

But instead, it's like you're biting into a piece of glass.

It's crazy.

And not a piece of shards of glass of the movie, the character glass.

Yeah, like Mr. Glass. Like you're biting into Sam Jackson's foot or something.

And here's the thing about Mr. Glass. His bones break very easily.

So if you were to bite into his foot...

You're gonna get a bone right through the, like, tongue or something.

But I will say, don't you want to carry around some kind of soft cheese or a cream?

I don't... Here's the thing. If you're biting into Mr.

Glass's foot...

If you're biting into his foot...

Yes, that's sort of...

Here's the thing. A little advice to the audience.

Let's say you might be in a situation where you might be taking a bite out of Mr. Glass's foot.

You have some brie on you, baby. Have a pocket full of brie.

So it's got... Before I introduce myself, I was gonna do a quick little sting here.

I feel like this is gonna be my new intro when I come on.

You ready?

Okay, yeah. I'm ready for it.

I'm gonna say...

Ooh, baby, I love you, spring.

Okay, I do not like that.

Hold on, hold on. There's another line.

Oh, thanks.

Hit me with the second line, maybe a little repeat.

Ooh, baby, I love you, spring.

X-producer of Training Day.

Training Day.

Wait, you were the X-producer of Training Day?

I had a few days on Training Day before I was fired.

What happened?

I was over at Crafty Eating Ritz Crackers and I couldn't stop coffee.

I fucked up so many dicks.

I will say it's lovely. It's way, way too long for a sting.

You're right. You know what? It's more like...

That's more like a drop. If it were a sting, it'd more be like...

Spriggy!

Okay, I guess.

Spriggy's here! Scott Spriggy's here!

By the way, before I...

And Spriggy is here. Sprig the Whisper is here.

Sprig the Whisper.

Of course. Super producer.

Super producer sort of taking a little time off right now.

I didn't know that. You're taking time off?

Scott, I have so much to tell you.

Before you tell us about taking the time off, I want to introduce our other guests.

We've got two.

Because they're here with us as well.

They are the...

Let's see, one is a producer and star.

I'm going to go ahead and say super producer.

Super producer?

Okay, you're getting this...

Super producer?

Super producer? This is big.

I'm going to go ahead and say...

Okay, amazing.

Super producer and star.

Co-creator, co-creator rather, and co-star.

Now, I'm probably sure if you were to look into the contract, Super producer is also here for this guest as well.

Okay, really? I think that all Super producers...

Okay, are you Super producer on this?

I am now.

You are? Okay, wow.

Super producer, I'm going to go ahead and co-sign.

It's Netflix animated show Chicago Party-Ont, which came out on Friday.

Is that how you say it in Chicago?

Yes, very much so.

Okay.

It's a wonderful show, animated show.

All 10 episodes are available now.

Am I saying that right?

There's only 8, I'm told.

So you can watch 8 of them and then wonder where the other two are.

Absolutely.

And wander around your house going, I thought there were 10 of these goddamn things.

I told me there was 10 goddamn it.

Think about it this way. Between episodes 3 and 4 and 8 and 9, there's sort of a silent episode.

Yes.

So you have to sort of imagine...

That is what happened with Ted Lasso, I heard this year.

Yeah.

They thought it was going to be 8 and then they had written all 8 and then they were like, oh no, it's got to be 10.

So they wrote that Christmas episode.

They were like, let's slot in some stuff.

So you have to come up with your own Christmas episode for this one, where everyone goes online and says, actually, I think this show is actually a little too sack.

Okay. I don't agree with that.

Everyone with that hot takes.

I don't believe...

You know what?

I watch a Christmas that show like that and I'm like, that felt like a throwback to the old days of the Simpsons pilot.

Yes.

Although I did...

If you're doing a Christmas thing, I do want something like Jimmy Stewart committing suicide or something.

You know what I mean?

A little bit of gravitas.

Good note, Scott.

A bunch of super producers sitting around.

This is what happens.

Four super producers here on the episode.

Chicago party ants.

You're a super producer too.

Well, I didn't want to say it, but yes, of course I am.

Chicago party ant on Netflix here.

We have Ike Baron Holtz returning to the show.

Yes.

Oh my gosh.

Welcome back to the show.

So good to see you, my friend.

So good to see you and Katie Ridge for the first time.

Woo!

Technically.

So the first time.

The first time I'm meeting everyone.

Yes.

So nice to meet you.

Chicago party ants.

Would it surprise you both to learn that one of the publicists for the show wrote to me yesterday and called it Chicago Ant Party?

No, I wouldn't be surprised because that is the type of operation that we're running here.

It's a different type of show, isn't it?

She might have gone confused.

That's what it is called.

I think in Japan.

It's definitely what it is called.

They do a slight little skew on the title sometimes.

They change the plots.

Yeah.

In the Ukraine, it's called your mother's horse sister.

Yes.

It has different meanings.

I will say Chicago ant party might be what it's called on Pornhub.

Yeah.

Could be.

That is a load.

Upload my, the, like.

Set it out.

So you were talking about this earlier, Ike.

You said you wanted to get onto Pornhub and preempt the porn parodies of your own show.

Yes.

Yeah.

You wanted to cut them over the creators.

Like I feel for Seth McFarland.

Yeah.

It's cool.

He goes on, this guy works his ass off for many, many years creating this show that he cares about.

And he either gets sent or he logs on and he sees a clip that he had nothing to do with.

It's like I didn't write this cutaway.

Yeah.

Where Peter Griffin is, is 69 with Lois and I think it's time creators took back that power.

Yes.

He doesn't get paid for that.

He's not paid for it and it does not fit his artistic vision of the show.

So I want to.

I'm not too crazy about that part of it.

I will say the thing that is even worse is when you see Peter Griffin railing March Simpson.

Oh yes.

Cause doesn't even matter.

I'm not surprised.

Cross over.

I'm not surprised.

Cross over.

It's not right.

I see like Captain America railing Superman.

No, I'm thinking about it.

Yeah.

Think about it.

Can we take a short break from our father?

Yes.

I'm picturing America's ass.

Remember that's a callback from the movie.

That is a callback from the movie.

Um, but I go to say we cannot talk about family guy on the show.

Why?

Due to the fact that my voice is very similar to Stewie's.

So we ultimately, we're going to have to cut that out.

Okay.

I'll go back.

Don't worry.

I will cut all the family guys.

Well, welcome to the show guys.

So, so great to have you on the show.

I'm very, I'm so very excited to see Chicago on party, which is, uh, which by the way, okay, if you're in Netflix and people are confused about the on party party on as long as they put in Chicago, you'll get there, right?

You'll have to watch like, you'll have to get through Chicago.

I'll go into Chicago.

Chicago and Chicago.

The trial of the Chicago seven, right?

Are you guys in the Chicago?

Because I, you know, there's the fire and the Chicago 911 or something.

Yeah.

And then Chicago party on like when she like cuts a hand on a wine glass, she's like, I got a call Chicago 911.

We're hoping that Lady Gaga's ex-fiance will show up.

Yeah.

Isn't he on Chicago?

She is.

And our show is produced also by Dick Wolf.

Oh, yeah.

It's kind of a typical Dick Wolf show.

But it's literally like, are you saying wolf?

He is saying wolf.

I have a hard talk.

Okay.

This is something that for many years, my friends make fun of me.

There's a couple of words I struggle with.

Okay.

What are the words?

Okay.

And I'm sorry.

And wolves.

Someone needs an apology.

You do say wolf.

I say wolf.

I always have.

It's embarrassing.

It's okay.

Why don't you just switch though over to wolf?

I, cause when I say it, it sounds strange wolf.

No, it sounds like good work.

Accentuating the ultimate.

No, it sounds fine.

Here's our, okay.

Pretend we're in conversation.

Okay.

Hey, did you see a Dick Wolf got his rip, Dick ripped off by a, by a wolf?

Yeah.

You said it.

That worked.

That one worked.

All right.

This is progress.

Hey real quick.

Is that serious?

Oh yeah, it did.

Yeah.

That's how he died.

Where, Dick Wolf died?

Yeah.

From his dick.

Dick Wolf dies from Dick Wolf.

Yeah.

That is a little around the baby.

Oh, little.

The onion writers was sort of like, what do we suppose to even do this?

Yeah.

Guys, not the onion.

You guys have known each other for a bit of time.

A lot of time.

Yeah.

Only 20 years or so.

I think it is 20 years.

From Chicago, it tastes of Chicago.

Yeah, we used to be servers at tastes of Chicago restaurant.

You know, Joe Montagnu is my dad.

Of course.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Now we, we came up together in Chicago and, and I was there and then Katie came and was on the second city.

Can I ask you a question?

Yes, sir.

They call this place Shye Town.

Yes.

What the fuck is that?

This is also like, like, yeah, do, like do comedy.

There's so many like unshy.

Oh, what do we do?

I don't understand.

No, no, it's shy.

Like Chicago.

It's a bit of a misnomer.

Why isn't it called shy cargo then?

Well, it's, you know, this is.

Yeah, me and Skoda confused with a couple of coastal guys.

Yeah, we know, we know the flyover.

That doesn't look like shit town.

Well, you know, don't say.

Did you guys see Marav shit town, by the way?

The idea wins that was so brave.

She didn't wear any makeup.

She's the mayor of shit town.

Technically, it could be called that though, though, whatever it was called.

Yeah, Marav.

What was it?

Me.

Oh, okay, right.

Could have been.

East town.

It was pretty to me.

Stop brave.

Tell me about this show.

Of course, this is based on a hit Twitter account.

We haven't seen a show like this since shit, my dad said.

Those other ones, cheers was their base.

No one knows this.

It was a very early rudimentary version of Twitter and Glenn and Les Charles.

Basically, they were writing each other notes.

Yeah.

So every tweet was just norm with capital.

Yeah.

And Game of Thrones was based on a farm bill.

Oh, the Facebook farm bill?

Okay.

So this is the proud lineage.

This has been going on since TV started.

Sure.

Okay.

Tell me how the show started.

Give me everything.

So this front of ours, another guy from shit town created this Twitter feed just because he was like bored in home.

What's his name?

Why don't we give him a shout out?

Chris Wataski.

Chris Wataski, who's by the way is a great actor from Netflix's Love.

He's great in the.

The wrong Missy.

Very funny in that.

And then he also has these great commercials.

Tom Prichard from Allstate.

Allstate.

Yeah.

Very funny guy.

That's Jake.

Jake Paul.

Hey, it's Jake Paul from State Farm.

I'm here to investigate your claim.

No, I'm calling you because I killed a young person at my house.

I'm in trouble.

So anyway, so he created this Twitter feed and we just thought it was funny and so dumb.

Also, it's based in Chicago, which like people from Chicago, we've talked about this on the show before with Tawny.

They love talking about Chicago.

No one loves Chicago more than people from Chicago.

And the fact that we're from Chicago is like 70% of my personality.

Yes.

I have no.

That's low.

Yeah.

I think I'm being nice to myself.

Yeah.

No, I mean, it's like, I don't think I've ever had a two sentence conversation with you where it didn't come up.

Yeah.

You wear it on your sleeve.

No, I literally do.

You wear it on the sleeve of your bearish shirt.

That says shit down.

But this was also like this came about.

Remember when like Twitter was just like a fun thing?

Twitter used to be awesome.

It was before people figured out that they could harass people into losing their jobs.

Exactly.

Yes.

And now like, like Twitter for me.

Now it's like where I go to be called like a fat juke hunt.

Well, that's just me.

And I was mad at you and I'm sorry.

Oh, I said, by the way, I didn't know you were Jewish.

No, I'm Italian.

That's the worst part of the, I know you can call me a fat cunt, but at least get my ethnicity, right?

But it used to be fun and now it's just like, you know, fuck you at Ron DeSantis, you mother fucker.

Everything is bad now on it.

Yes.

Yeah.

But this was back in the fun day.

So we had fun with it and then like it kind of caught on a little bit and like really famous people were tweeting at it like Stephen Colbert and.

And I have to say it did look like like Ike was a psycho like that he was legitimately arguing he put the psycho and I go, but it looked like he was arguing.

Don't think you got that right.

I didn't do a good job.

But it looked like he was arguing with like a 60 year old woman.

Chris would tweet as her like, you know, something so dumb.

Like, fuck you.

I just got, I just got drunk and shit my pants.

It sluggers up her deck and I'm not fucking leaving.

And I would write back, you're an old drunk loser.

And people thought it was like me just sort of sitting and punching down on this old.

So anyway, so like now it's almost like three years ago because animation is the slowest medium.

It just takes forever.

Well, you're drawing all the pictures by hand as well.

I did it all myself.

That is why two of the episodes are silent.

Yeah.

Because we couldn't, we were done our answer.

Netflix hated what I did.

Yeah.

They thought it was like it was almost like a child did it.

It was bad.

But we kind of like got together and our friend Richie Schwartz was like, hey, this could be a really he is a super producer.

We're talking about super producers.

He's legitimately a mega producer.

I'll say.

Hold on.

Let me meet the guy.

I'm so sorry.

Okay.

He's a mogul and a Moyle.

Yeah.

He's a Moyle.

He's a little like a little boy.

Whoa.

Yes.

Amazing.

Steve.

What does he?

Does he like at the end when you get that done, do you say to the Moyle, keep the tip or what do you like?

What exactly is that an old joke or did I just think of it?

It's probably an old joke.

I think it's both are true.

I think both are true.

I'm sorry.

I say, yeah, we got our our.

That was by the way, the old.

What do you what does a leper say to a prostitute joke?

Keep the tip.

You know, it's an old joke of the word leper.

I don't know why, but growing up, there were so many leper jokes.

Well, you grew up in a very, very strange community.

You grew up in Calcutta, right?

I don't know why.

It's not Calcutta.

So we kind of just assembled like a bunch of our friends from Chicago and kind of created what we think the show could be and brought it to.

We honestly were like, I don't know if anyone's going to buy this.

We truly were like, like it's all about Chicago and it's just really fucking dumb.

Are you just describing that you pitched the show because we could just cut it down to that?

You pitched the show.

Well, no, hold on, Scott.

We can move on.

Scott, he did say I assembled a bunch of my friends from Chicago.

So in my mind, I'm like, okay, there's a bunch of scenes where you're going in.

This guy welding and you're like, it's like the dirty dozen.

You're like this guy throwing knives at us.

I was telling some artists there are Donald Sutherland right there.

You're like one of the guys.

But like heavier.

One of the guys from the reckoning or something is sitting there and you're like, hey, we need you and he's like to do improv again.

He's like, no, we're doing something else.

I told you I was out.

I was out, but now I'm back in.

We need you for one more callback.

So anyway, sorry, I'll do a short version.

We pitched and sold the show.

Okay, God.

Wow, that's really.

That's how easy it is.

Okay.

So it's a symbol.

You said we're going to do it.

I thought this was the super producers pot hour.

That's what I was getting the fucking nitty gritty.

That's will our next show.

So tell it.

Yeah.

So tell us about what the actual show is though, because the Twitter account is a very specific character of a, of I guess the Chicago party on.

Yeah.

And so we, what was challenging and also so exciting was taking this character that's basically just like a joke.

Like she's joke, joke, joke, after joke.

And turning.

No, people usually they don't like jokes in their TV shows.

So you had to change in.

So we made it really sad.

And really like tough and like Ron cheese.

It's about actually about mental health.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's pretty good.

But we had to make her into a human woman with a world and a cartoon though.

Friends.

Yes.

We don't call it cartoons.

We called it doll animation.

We call them graphic novels.

You got my talking points.

No, I like I was the Chicago on party.

Which don't open by the way.

Oh no, which is really work.

We'll take away your turn.

Yeah, turn stage.

So Sean, go ahead.

And so it was so fun to be able to, you know, flesh that out and really bring, you know, Chicago, I think people know it either as the super fans or as a horrible place.

Super fans.

You're talking about the worst case.

Of course.

Yes.

Dubbers.

Yeah.

Pretty true.

To be honest with you.

Right.

Which by the way, you worked on SNL.

I did work on SNL.

So anyone who's worked on SNL, we need to ask what is your set?

What's your dream lineup?

Dreamcast, seven people.

One has to do update.

Oh, can I play this?

You please.

We want to hear this here.

Yeah.

I was talking anyone in history.

Oh, you're not supposed to tell them.

Oh, sorry.

I fucked up.

Because then the joke is they always pick people who did on the show.

James Madison is doing a game.

Yes.

There you go.

Genghis Khan.

You probably won Benjamin Franklin.

I mean, he started the newspaper.

Exactly.

The original.

How can I do it together?

Yeah, do it together.

I will throw people out.

For me, you got to throw Amy Poehler on there.

Sure.

Do an update or just do a game?

Yeah, I'll give her update.

I mean, it's...

Norm.

I'll say Norm for update.

But they don't have to be SNL people, right?

No.

Wait, they don't have to be SNL?

No, no, no.

They could be anyone in history.

Oh, fuck.

Okay.

So you may go Poehler.

Yeah, yeah.

That's a good choice.

But she's done it.

She's already...

You can pick anyone.

I liked Rick.

Rick.

I know.

He just wants to see Rick back.

I mean, Buffett.

Okay.

Hey, good.

Why?

I think that he has...

By the way, we are in my backyard and occasionally a helicopter will fly by.

There was a triple homicide in the way of a film.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You noticed it.

I did not commit it.

But he didn't help anyone.

He did film it and helped know what.

I filmed it, popped it on TV.

You don't want to do that because that's what they got arrested for in the last episode of Seinfeld, which is the best episode of this show.

Is that really what happened?

Yeah, they zoom out on them and jail the Good Samaritan law.

They didn't do the Good Samaritan thing.

Yeah, that's right.

I'll say...

And then there's approximately three hours and 45 minutes of court scenes.

Yeah, that's right.

All right, here's my dream cast.

Here we go.

Boom.

Fatty Arbuckle.

Kevin Stacey.

Army Hammer.

Wait, after the homicide fatty Arbuckle or pre-homicide?

That's the one you have a problem with.

Yeah, the Kevin Spacey one really hit my ears hard.

Army Hammer?

Army Hammer.

You know...

He's one of those guys who would have bitten into Mr. Glass's foot.

Yes.

Go to have army.

Listen, if you're listening, go to have some brief Mr.

Glasses.

I think he does, but I don't think it's Brie.

But there's definitely something, Brie consistency in his pocket.

Who else do you like who could be on Saturday Night Live?

I think Jimmy Buffett.

Yeah, what would he...

He's not...

He's gonna be the musical guest.

You wanna be sketchy?

No.

He is so...

He's just like...

He's gonna be one of those Britney Spears, like people who does both.

Yeah.

He does musical gas candies in these cases.

Those are always so great when those happen.

They're always really good.

Yeah, hey, Taylor Swift.

Do you think she's a great singer?

Wait till you see her do a fucking sketch.

Sometimes they're good.

I'm trying to think of...

Drake was good.

Drake is very good.

Justin Timberlake could have been in the cast.

He could have been a cast member.

Get the fuck out of here.

Yeah, Timberlake's as funny as Bill Hader and Fred Harbison.

I mean, when you're on the cast and you hear that, aren't you?

Like, that is the worst thing to say.

Like, they would say that about Emma Stone.

Nothing to take away from Emma Stone.

She is great.

Yeah.

No, I was so great.

But like, she could do this.

Put him in a sketch by themselves instead of next to one of the funniest people in the world.

Instead of like Fred Armus, you're not going to, you know, pick.

You know, Lauren, in the drop of a dime, would just be like, all right, next season, we go Alec Baldwin, Jim Perry.

He knows he would.

He'd just be like, celebrity season.

Look at the season that he did with Anthony Michael Hall and Robert Downey Jr.

The best season, my favorite season.

Oh, boy.

Joan Q-Sack, Randy Quaid.

She's amazing.

I've actually had like, insane talent.

Danny Dolan?

I think Randy Quaid, Joan Q-Sack, Dan Aykroyd, I'm trying to list all the SNL people who have been nominated for Oscars, Eddie Murphy.

And Kristen Wig.

Kristen Wig.

No, she wasn't up for Oscar.

Oh, was she?

Okay.

Great.

Really?

Okay.

Best screenplay.

Okay.

Interesting.

A little bit of trivia here.

Also, Billy Crystal wrote, co-wrote Gandhi.

That's true.

Yeah.

And he played him in UHF as well.

All right.

Also, wait, you know who else?

Finesse Mitchell.

I think Finesse Mitchell was nominated.

He was nominated for his Nosferatu movie.

It was pretty good.

Nosferatu?

Yeah, it was called Nosferatu.

Nosferatu.

It's not about the vampire.

It's about a guy who gets...

It seems an A-2.

He loses his nose.

It's also like a Henry Ford versus Ferrari kind of thing, where he's like Nosfer Otto.

Yeah.

It was pretty good.

Yeah, like a Tesla thing.

Oh, Tracy Lett.

Let's put Tracy Lett on a s-th-round.

Tracy Lett, he would be amazing.

A writer of Osage, August County.

No, Osage, August County.

I'm doing a Chicago on-party with him.

It's the Pornhub version.

This is a hard question that I don't find that fun.

Yeah.

Okay.

Do you know what I mean because it is an end-of-the-ish?

Well, we'll, John Malkovich.

No.

Because I get nervous.

I think I get nervous.

Well, also, you work there.

You have the inside information.

Yeah.

You're in...

This is inside baseball for you, whereas Ike's sitting there on the outside.

I do.

It's more fun to say.

Go on like...

He's looking at...

Ike was on Mad TV.

Yeah, he's looking on the inside like he's, you know, one of those trading places people looking at the people eating all the...

All the steak and he's like, I'm in Mad TV.

He birds cold out here.

Oh, I see you guys have Paul McCartney and Alec Baldwin on this weekend.

We got Todd Bridges, so suck it.

It's cool.

Ike, of course, one of the best people on Mad TV.

Mad TV had an amazing cast.

Yeah, we had a really good cast.

We had Jordan Peele, Jacob Michael Key, Mike McDonald, Nicole Parker, one of the...

Yeah, Nicole has been on this show many times.

Yeah.

The Go Parker is, I think, truly one of the funniest people in the world.

Yeah, he's so talented.

He's so talented.

So wide.

We're bringing the show back.

Whoa!

Yeah, I wonder what you're doing.

Is Quincy returning?

It's only me and Quincy are writing the whole thing.

Just me and him.

We get in the office every day, 9 a.m.

We got typewriters.

We got my...

If it's just like his interviews, by the way, have you read those interviews?

They're so fun.

Oh, yeah.

He's just like, I'm old.

I'm ready to go.

I'm not ready to go, but like, I don't need anything.

I'm just gonna tell weird stories about show business and call people out.

Yeah, it's just like I got a lot.

I like that a lot.

Now, by the way, from Blockers, I don't think you're on...

Were you on the show when Blockers came out?

I was.

You were a kid.

I came on here for Blockers.

So great.

Such a funny movie.

I guess such a good actor in that movie.

Oh, guys, come on.

Let's play a public clip.

Oh, here we go.

And here we go.

Hey, Mommy, I don't want you guys to be blocking my...

Look out.

There's a woof.

Wow, that was so neat.

That was such a good scene.

That was really good.

No, it's not in that scene.

No, I really didn't.

We should have brought one maybe up that I was in next time to figure that out.

You did sort of do some consulting on how to say woof.

You did dialect consulting on a movie.

I was a dialect coach in Blockers.

No one knows.

That's why I know one in the movie says I'm sorry.

Double paycheck.

So back to Chicago party on.

This is...

What do you guys play in it?

I play Mark.

Okay.

No, that's it.

I play Mark to figure it out.

Fucking figure it out.

Google it.

The lead character is this woman named Diane Dombrowski, played by Lauren Ash.

The incredible Lauren Ash.

Super store for name.

Never not funny.

You never not funny.

Yeah, also.

The same time you were there?

She was a couple shows ahead of me.

Okay, interesting.

Yeah.

Also, you ready for some juice?

She's Canadian.

What?

Yeah.

I don't know if I like that.

I don't like it either.

She took a job away from an American.

Yeah, we got to get them out.

It's the one group I'm fine with.

They're more strict about that in Canada, I've found.

That's 100% true.

When you go up there to Canada, you have to have so much paperwork of like why you're taking a job away from a Canadian.

Yes.

You have to be like, well, okay, I'm here to do comedy.

I'm funnier than every other Canadian, I guess, which is not true.

And then on the next line you say that.

The next line you say is some of the funniest people in the world.

The next line says prove it and you're like, oh my goodness.

You get out of your car and you're like, okay, here we go.

So...

Do you want to go to Canada?

No, me and Scott drove to Canada.

Yeah, that's a whole story.

I know what you're talking about.

I'm not the boy that I thought about.

They're like, prove you're funnier than everyone in Canada.

So you got out of the car.

I said, all right, hold on.

He goes, he goes, I just get a task.

I've got some balls in my basket.

Welcome to Comiturary.

And the guy started laughing and we got back in the car.

We got it.

One time I did go to Toronto and I've talked about this maybe on Freedom, but with Paul if Tomkins and Lauren Lapkus to do a show and the person at Customs said, where is your show?

And I said where it was and he goes, and what kind of show is it?

I said, it's a comedy show.

He goes, are you sure you're not just speaking at a graduation?

What?

Was the show at a high school?

Maybe he was at a school or something, but I loved the fact that he looked at me and he said, this guy can't be doing comedy at all and said, he was trying to help me.

You're probably just speaking at a graduation, honey.

And you can't be snarking.

You can't be snarking.

No.

I just was in Albany and whatever, whatever, Capital of New York.

Something like that, no York City is not.

It's Albany.

And I'm at TSA, I'm at the airport and I give my ID and show my ticket to the TSA agent.

He's a young guy and he's kind of tatted up.

There's just a little bit of a hold up right there and he looks at me and he goes, just, did I just see you in the movie The Hunt?

And I was like, yeah, yeah, yeah, and he goes, got a movie star over here.

Oh, right away, right away.

I'm like, oh, here we go.

And then he goes, who's the girl now?

Who's the girl?

And I go, oh, Betty Gilpin, he goes, no, no, no, the whole other one.

The other lady, I go, Hillary Swank, he goes, oh, gee.

Oh, fuck, yes, Hillary Swank.

Hey, now she is a fucking smoke show.

He is saying this and there's like other people right here.

There's families there.

Like, I'm like, yeah, she's really a great actor.

You know, really great.

And he goes, hey, you guys shoot something up here?

She flies out of here.

I'll give her a pat down.

Oh, no, I can't say.

This is a government.

I can't say.

That is an appropriate, sir.

No.

Because it all fucking end up in Albany airport jail.

So I'm just like, whatever they want.

I'm just like, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And it went on for like five minutes.

Very uncomfortable.

Now, what I imagine is that this actually did happen.

You're not lying, but the roles were reversed.

You were saying what that guy was saying.

You just wanted to brag about it.

Is that what this is?

He's like, sir, move on.

And you're like, but we got a movie star.

Next time I'm bringing Hillary Swank back, I was going to give her a pat.

And you'll see that boys do cry.

And the guys just like, give me a ID, sir.

You're holding up the line.

People are going, hurry up.

I would say what you described.

I hope you didn't sign a release or something, because it did sound like you were unpunked first.

I was like, well, the camera is going to come out.

Now that I think about it, dude, look a lot like Dax.

It might have been Zach Braff.

It could have been Zach Braff.

And what do you play, by the way?

I play Zuzana, who is one of the, there's a huge Polish community in Chicago.

Yeah, fun fact, one out of every three people in Chicago is Polish.

One out of three from Poland.

From actually, wow, amazing.

And they stay there.

They don't move away.

Why would you?

Yeah.

Why would you?

It's hot there.

You got that lake, and that's about it.

Yeah.

Food.

Yeah.

A lot, I guess so.

And she works at the hair salon with Diane.

OK.

All right.

And we have a clip I'm told.

So let's play it.

All right.

Go ahead.

It's a clip of your character's talking to each other.

It is.

Zuzana, have you seen Diane?

I'm kind of running late for this appointment with her.

You're such a fucking cook.

Well, take that as a compliment.

Have a nice day.

Hey, excuse me.

I'm Samuel Jackson.

I've got a Avengers initiative for you all.

I would like to lick on your feet.

All right.

That's pretty good.

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Amazing.

We got Sammy.

Yeah.

He did his famous line.

I've got an Avengers edition for you.

Yeah.

And he didn't refer to himself as Nick Fury.

He called himself Samuel.

Did you say I have an Avengers audition for you?

I believe.

Maybe.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I wasn't there.

We got to think that you do have to audition for the Avengers.

Like you have to prepare 16 bars, a classical monologue.

Wait, do you mean audition to be in one of the Avengers films or to be in?

No, not to be an Avengers.

Well, I think you just, hey, my name's Captain America.

I'm a super soldier.

I'm willing to shave.

This is my profile.

I'm willing to shave.

Here's my profile.

But I don't want to in two of the movies.

Yes.

I am Hawkeye.

I don't need to be.

My special skills.

I suck.

And people wish I died instead of a black whale.

I'm the Falcon.

I can't get alone.

For some inexplicable reason.

And five minutes into the scene, the guy goes, are you an Avenger?

It took five minutes for you to figure out.

Well, Falcon is wearing goggles.

Anyway, Chicago party aunt is out on Netflix right now.

Watch eight of the episodes.

They weren't kind enough to send me any.

So I haven't seen it yet.

But do you have Netflix?

I do have Netflix.

But as of this taping, it is not.

Yeah, I am one of the Netflix chosen.

And it is your account?

It is my account.

I'm not using passwords with Paul F.

Tomkins.

I should.

When you think about it.

Hold on.

Before you answer that, Scott, we got to make them jump in the pool because they might be wearing wires.

Yes.

Okay.

Jump in the pool, guys.

That's true.

Because I can't go down for my be it, Scott.

Share.

So many passwords.

What we were living together during the whole pandemic.

We will.

We talked about that.

Yeah, we were together in this in the spray caves.

We were making a spray with the studios.

And we were sharing passwords left to right.

If they found out, I would do some serious time.

Do you have two factor authentication on?

Yeah.

So I get a text also X factor authentication to watch any episode of X factor.

It's kind of annoying.

Anytime it's your authentication.

I'm also just like blown away that Scott spent a year and a half in a cave with this man and not his.

We were some beautiful family.

We were supposed to be writing the new reboot of Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Wait, no, I thought Colin josted it.

Oh, yeah.

That's what we found out.

Don't want to get into it.

That's what I was saying earlier, Scott.

What's my ninja status thing fell through?

I'm just taking some time off.

Yeah, we'll talk about it later.

We'll talk about it later.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, this is exciting.

We have a couple of contest winners.

Now I know you guys got to go.

Is that right?

Yeah, sadly, we have a lot of press to do.

Yeah.

I'm doing a quick Fox news hit.

Okay, great.

I'm going to be on talk for tonight.

And I'm on.

What is called Tucker tonight?

It's a new show.

It's on Fox Nation.

It's not on the regular Fox show.

No, no, no, no.

And I'm on Tucker tomorrow.

Oh, okay.

This is a morning show.

Which is his sort of walk after talking dead.

Yeah, wrap up show.

Yeah, stern wrap up show.

Yeah.

When I said that stupid thing earlier, that's kind of, he says a load of that stuff.

Right.

And he always looks like a dog who's like, what do you want me to do?

Even does the dog head tilt?

He's a friend.

What do you want?

Yeah, he's our friend.

We have to, before we get into too much trouble with our, so he's one of our sponsors.

Yeah, we know.

We know.

We're about to cut to a Tucker commercial.

It's very awkward.

We have to take a break.

Thanks for coming by.

Thank you so much.

Katie, thank you.

We'll see you next time.

But Sprague, you're going to stick around for the contest winners.

I've got nothing else.

All right.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back.

Sprague the whispers here, of course.

Spawty.

I do.

Before we bring our guests on, I want to talk about our big announcement, if that's okay.

Let's bring it up.

Okay.

We, this is big, big news.

First of all, everyone, if you're driving, I want you to pull over because you may, we can't be responsible for what happens after this news drive.

Yeah, we will not be responsible for anything that happens.

If you're, if you're cooking anything, we want you to turn the ovens off.

Turn it at least to a simmer because shit, I get crazy.

This is going to turn all of your smoke alarms off as well.

We need to, we need to, okay.

So everyone's good.

Everyone's good.

Okay.

Gather your children around.

Actually, if there's anyone under three, send them in the other room.

Because we are going to get blue.

This might get a little crazy.

Damn.

I might say, fuck.

Oh, please don't.

Okay.

I don't want you to do that.

I said might won't be.

Okay.

Good to know.

We have a new show.

Spray can I have a new show.

For, for, for, for, for, for, new show alert.

So if you have your new show alert on, yeah, it should have been going off.

It should be buzzing sort of like one of those restaurant things.

It's like, oh, my table's ready.

Oh, there's a new show.

I better check it out.

We have a new show.

Now this is based on our old show, which we had been talking about over pandemic called.

We have to stop talking TMNT on CBB.

The Encyclopedic and corporate had, I had a rise to say, a fun thing there.

It was a Ninja Turtles podcast.

And we did it because Scott had never seen the Ninja Turtles movies.

And I was like, that's crazy.

I didn't know anything about them.

All I knew was I thought that I had an image of one of the Ninja Turtles biting into a manhole cover and breaking his teeth.

We never saw.

Because he thought it was a pizza.

We never saw it.

We got very close, especially in one of the animated ones.

We got close.

They got super close, but it has never happened in any of the canonical Ninja Turtles thing.

So we did that show.

But we have a new show.

We sort of discovered that Scott had this interesting little blind spot.

Scott hasn't seen a lot of movies that me and you or regular Joe may have seen.

Yes, I was in a period where I only saw art films and I lived in a town that had a big art film movie theater.

And so I would just go to those all the time and I would turn my nose up at more common fare.

He would be like, oh, what's this top gun?

Not for me.

So there are a ton of movies I haven't seen.

Top Gun, Ghost, Space Jam, Dirty Dancing.

Family Earth.

Family Guy?

I haven't seen any episode of Family Guy.

I was about to say Family Matters, but I really wanted to say the Adams family.

The Adams family.

So many movies that I haven't seen.

So we are going to start a show called Scott hasn't seen.

Sprague and I are going to go through my, I guess you would not my filmography, but my movie blind spots.

My movie blind spots.

Yes.

So we'll be going, we'll be watching all of those.

First episode is going to be October 1st coming out.

And this is the other half of the big announcement.

If you have just been listening to comedy bang bang over the years, nothing's going to change.

Still going to come out on Mondays.

No problem.

Nothing.

Don't worry.

Nothing's changing.

We are starting a comedy bang bang patreon.

Comedybangbangworld.com or CBBworld.com.

You are going to get not only the archive of all of the comedy bang bang previous episodes and live episodes, but also add free episodes of all the new ones plus new shows.

This is going to be one of the new shows that's weekly.

I have a big announcement next week about one of the new weekly shows that's going to be there.

Scott, let me just say this to the listener.

If you didn't take our advice and pull over and are now sort of in banked on the side of the highway because you crashed, you don't have to get out of your car because it might go out of the car.

Get out of the car.

Grab your phone.

If you want to keep listening, that's fine.

Sure.

We get out of the car because it's dangerous to see the car.

I know you're like, I got to hear more about this comedy bang bang patreon.

You're telling me new shows from Scott Ockhamin and the gang.

That's going to be incredible.

I mean, that sounds great.

Yes, it's going to be good.

We're going to be doing all the more information about it next week, but I just want to alert you to the fact that the archive is going to be on the patreon so you can switch over to it or add to it.

So I just want to let you guys know that and we're going to be doing our first episode will be space jam.

That'll be October 1st.

So starting October 1st is when all the new shows roll out.

So we're very excited about that.

We'll have more information about it next week.

Yeah, we got some big guests coming to Scott Evans scene.

We do.

We have like the boys or those men as we call it.

There's two guys we call those men.

They'll be on it.

We have Eggo Woda.

We have Adam Scott will be on it.

So many great so many great people watching movies that I've never seen.

And part of that show, by the way, is I guess what I think is in the movie and what I think I know about the movie.

It's pretty fun.

Sometimes he's spot on other times.

Way, way, way off.

Way off.

But I'm like, is this movie better?

Maybe we write this down.

The space jam I was way, way off.

Okay.

Hold on Scott, hold on, hold on.

Open circle chat.

What you're saying is very cool about where you came from, Frank.

But I don't know anything about fishing.

You're so cool though.

Loving your vibe.

Peak big time hang.

Hashtag loving your vibe hashtag big time hang.

Winky face emoji kiss emoji.

Great.

Sprague.

Yeah.

What was that?

Are you on the circle right now?

Yes, Scott.

I am on the circle.

I did take I got out of the house to do the show.

So I was like, let me just take my phone.

I'll be sort of following around.

Right now I'm sort of in a bro bro down circle chat.

I thought that everyone had to live in the same apartment.

You know, when you're super producer like me, you can kind of go and shit.

Oh, all right.

So occasionally you're going to be opening circles.

Okay.

We'll be opening circles.

Okay.

All right.

Good to know.

Just to let you do.

All right.

Good to know.

I can't really see these guests.

Yeah.

I guess I'm conscious of it is this is really.

Contas winners.

I don't know what contests they want.

They'll fill us in on this.

But we have a couple of contest winners.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Gary and Marge Philipowski.

I gotta say, this is I never in my life thought I would be whose life did you think?

See what it is.

I see.

I even keep off with them.

Yeah.

Oh, I just want to say that behalf of my wife and I thank you so much.

Who's your wife?

Is this your wife?

This is my wife right here.

My wife for only about 33 years.

Oh, loves to create.

We've been together for.

Yeah.

That's when Christ died.

Yeah.

But we've been together.

He never got married.

I don't know.

A lot of people don't know that.

He was close.

He was engaged.

Well, he was married to God.

Yeah.

We were.

I don't know if that's right.

But you know what?

He's got a weird to be married to your dad.

Pretty weird.

Yeah.

Well, we don't joke about this stuff.

This is a little for us.

You know, we're having a Midwesterner.

But we put our, we put our business card in the fish bowl.

Yeah.

At the Golden Apple diner.

And they fished it out.

And here we are on a Southwest flight.

Next thing you know, I am on a plane and I'm getting handed a little cup full of pop.

Oh, my God.

And wait, was I got asked, was the contest to be on the show or just to come to California?

The contest was to be on the show and we built our trip around it.

Around this.

Yeah.

So we built an entire trip just to be on the show.

Yeah.

And I'll be honest, we had never heard of the show.

Oh, we never seen the show.

I mean, I love radio.

We'll be calling the radio stations a lot.

We call them a lot of sports radio.

We call them the weather radio as well.

Do you know, you call into the weather radio to offer your tips?

Tips about what, how to accurately record or forecast?

No, no, you said it's raining here.

It's not.

Oh, oh, oh.

So we make it more accurate.

Quick update.

You call them and you're like, all right.

So here's my address.

It's not raining here.

I'll call that in 10 minutes and let you know.

And by the way, I'm not going to be here in 10 minutes.

Okay.

So here's my address though.

I'm sorry.

I got it.

I just got to ask.

Where to where to crow?

Are you from?

Great question.

So boy, based on Canada, I am from Tampa, Florida.

Oh, we love there.

We went there.

We went to a Dick's last resort.

God was in.

Hold on.

What was there?

It's a place where you go to eat where there's like toilet paper on the floor.

There's all kinds of floors of mess and they give you all kinds of you'll say to the waiter of the maybe the bacon cheeseburger and a beer and he goes, yeah, shut up.

You got up, you pig.

Shut up, you fat, you fat, you pathetic pig.

You have some toilet paper and your wife has had to make herself come for the last 30 years.

Yeah, it is.

You got real personal.

It was fun.

So how did he find out all that information about your life?

That's how good they are.

They're just good.

They're cool.

I want to pick a read on you.

The one in Tampa.

That's so interesting.

My way.

Okay.

So I always hear about these stories about people going to Tampa.

My time was a lot different.

Very gray, rainy, old.

A lot of people speaking in English accents.

Wow.

It might be Miami.

That might be Miami.

Yeah.

You ever been to a Bush Gardens?

God, we love it.

Where's but that's in Chicago?

That's in Tampa.

That's where we had our 20th.

Oh, congratulations.

She just me and her went down to Bush Gardens.

20th, what 20th kiss 20th.

The 20th time we kissed.

We celebrated it.

So we waited.

We waited the whole time.

We saved up money.

Yeah.

And then we says, all right, we got to wait till we get to Bush Gardens.

How long in between your 19th kiss and your 20th kiss?

Five years.

Wow.

We were already married.

We were married.

They said to me on my wedding night, they said, you can't wait to kiss that beauty.

They said, now you may kiss the bride.

I said, now you're not enough money.

Not enough money.

So you guys went to Bush Gardens and then what?

Did you get on one of the roller coasters?

We were on the roller coaster where you don't have to wear a harness because of the physics of it.

Oh, I love that.

And so you go in a I love her and you don't have to wear it because your body's up against the, um, your pressed in car.

Yeah, it's like centrifugal force.

Is that what it is?

I don't know.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry.

I think we're funny.

You're up here in the Hollywood mountains.

Sure.

Yeah.

We took a bus ride.

We're in the Batman cave is right next door to the spray cave.

Right.

Yeah.

We took a tour yesterday.

Oh my God.

We went on one of those bus celebrity homes bus tours.

Oh, yeah.

One of the TMZ ones or something.

The TMZ two.

I love that one.

And because Harvey Levin does it himself.

We saw him.

The newest.

So right away, I'm like, if this is the only celebrity we seen, I'm good.

Yeah.

You know, usually was he sipping a big soda?

Yeah.

72 ounce pop.

He had a big pop and I'm just laughing.

And I mean, I think he's a riot.

He's a riot.

But unfortunately we were up by, Oh God, he said it was where Blondie lived and Blondie the cartoon character of the singer.

Oh, I wish I'd love to meet her.

I love Blondie and I walk in with a big dad with Sam.

Oh my God.

Forget about it.

Oh, I love it.

She marry you.

Yeah.

I'd be the shit out of her.

I'd beat the fuck out of her.

The long story short, the break we had break failure.

Yeah.

And we went, we rolled all the way down the hill and on the sun.

Son's.

Please don't don't try to.

My apologies.

I'm.

Oh, short Harvey Levenstead.

Oh, he got passed away on Franklin and he got the soda cup went through his brain.

Oh, you're a straw.

The straw went through his actual right.

My true, the medulla oblongata.

I tried to help him.

He was gone.

What's that part of the brain?

We're the stem, right?

If you go through that, it's like lights out.

Got a freaking doctor over here.

I didn't realize I was supposed to study.

Well, like Dr. Detroit.

I want to go back to something real quick.

Yes, please.

When you were when you were read at that restaurant Dick's last resort.

Oh, yeah.

And the guy said, you haven't made your wife come in over 20 years.

Yeah.

30 years.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Is that healthy?

I mean, there was some aggression coming out.

Have you ever.

Oh, no, no, no.

It's part of the routine.

It's like a fun thing.

There's peanut shells at the floor.

They make fun of your boner.

I guess what I'm asking is if you haven't kissed really it is, I mean, are you guys like doing it still?

Well, you have pretty woman rules.

I'm assuming that's another one of the movies I haven't seen.

Yeah, we'll have to talk about it.

But pretty women rules is one of those things where you're like, should I be saying that?

We're not going to get too personal, but we do live at home with six of our kids.

So yeah, okay.

Time together is few and far between.

Let's just say this.

This trip has been a lot of fun.

Oh, okay.

Because of the activities and being on this.

Let's just say we've been putting pressure on mounds with the heels of our hands.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm going to need you to be more specific and not just say that if that's okay.

You want more specificity than what I just said.

Because I really don't know what you're mean by that.

Yeah.

You take the heel of your hand and you put pressure on certain parts on your mounds.

That's the part that I need to be more specific about which parts your mounds like you know, when you're wearing your pants and everything kind of turns into a little mound.

Yeah, if you put a little bit of pressure on there, I get a little too much.

I don't want to go.

Blue collars.

It's got that.

Mounds very blue collars.

Is that safe to say?

Okay.

Honestly, get this guy a movie show.

You ever do stand up comedy?

I dabbled.

Yes.

Do you ever know the guy with the puppets?

You're going to have to be.

I mean, there's a lamb chop.

Is that the puppet you're talking about?

No, no, no, we saw the guy that comes out and he has one puppet that's Osama bin Laden.

Oh, yeah.

Another puppet that blows his head off.

It's so funny.

Don't know.

Jeff's done.

Yeah.

Oh, you should have him on this show.

Yeah.

He is.

You know who else you should get at the show?

Flow.

Oh, progressive.

We love flow from progressive.

God, she is a douse.

She was on the TV show, not as flow, but.

This was a TV show.

If you can believe it.

What channel was it on WFLD?

Close.

Was that WGBG?

WGBGOS.

IFC, which is very, it's like one Kevin Bacon removed from being one of them.

Oh, you should have him on here.

Kevin Bacon.

He was on that show.

He was on your TV show.

You guys won a contest for a show you've never heard of.

Yes.

And who started this contest?

Did you start the contest?

I don't even know.

I mean, what's this gold available girl?

There's a fish ball.

And you leave half there.

That's how I was an honorary Dodgers bat boy, by the way.

And I was eight years old was I got plucked out of a fish ball.

Is that real?

That is real.

I got to meet the 78 Dodgers and go out on the field.

So Gary was also, he got discharged from being the bat boy at Sox Park.

Well, I had discharged.

Oh, that's what it was.

They might have to let you go.

They might have to let him go.

With that mound?

Yeah.

My mound had a little bit of leakage.

Got it.

There's a fun thing we did yesterday.

Oh, I know you went to the church of Scientology.

Oh, okay.

And we had brunch there.

Okay.

And we were looking for brunch.

We're looking for somewhere we can go.

And someone on the street said, hey, free brunch.

She was so nice.

She was a beautiful young woman.

She looked like she might have been a pilot or a flight attendant.

Some type of aeronautical.

And she came up to us and she said, you know, are you looking for answers?

And I said, yes.

Where is it?

Mainly, yeah.

Where's it?

She's good.

Yes.

And after talking to us for a little bit, she kind of said, man, maybe this isn't, I don't know a good place for you, but we followed her.

Yeah.

And now hold on.

That's what is in between is what I'm interested in.

Well, we just kind of kept talking about ourselves in our lives.

Okay.

And then she got it down and they were like, you know, actually never mind.

Yeah, that's what she said.

Never mind.

And I met because she was very pretty and it's Hollywood.

And I bet they get a lot of, you know, we don't know.

We don't know the protocols.

Yeah.

Okay.

But you followed her back.

So we followed her back in.

And we met just the nicest people.

Who do you meet?

Anyone of notes or Bex X wife?

The Rabeecy?

Rabeecy.

Yeah.

Jason confused.

Is that how you say it?

Yes.

I guess so.

The eyes, the brightest of eyes that were also nothing there.

Yeah.

And so we walk in and is that considered to be his Bex wife?

I wanted to say that too.

Where are you to borrow?

I don't know where I'll be tomorrow.

I do too.

I can't.

It's too much.

I can't.

He's like Jerry.

I work with his friend Jerry who he works with.

Tell us about Jerry.

So JI where I get a jewel Oscar.

I'm the meat manager at a jewel Oscar, which is like it's a supermarket.

Oh, okay.

And you're the manager, meaning you decide which cows are or kills or.

No, no.

You know what it is.

It's basically we have two butchers and I'm there.

Okay.

Do you get 10% of the meat or?

No, but the meat that's about to go old.

You know, we could take it home and she knows how to cook anything.

She cooks it.

Oh, yeah.

Anything that's about to go old, you know.

Oh, yeah.

I got a good dry rub.

Yeah.

Okay.

A lot of rubs and stuff.

Okay.

So anyway, Jerry Jerry's a friend of mine.

He is a Ryan.

He's one of the he's one of the butchers or one of the other butchers.

He's the good butchers.

One of the other butchers because you're not a butcher.

I'm not.

I oversee them.

But he's one of the other butchers.

He's one of the other ones.

But who are the other ones?

There's what there's two.

Okay.

So this is a work to manage the way you started to talk about.

And this is on me because this is my perfume.

I say we need two butchers.

Perve you was in the crossword we did in the back.

Oh, okay.

That's what I saw.

We did the Southwest Airlines crossword and that was the one we got stuck out.

I like it in that crossword because a lot of the words are like flight, plane, snack.

Right.

But then suddenly per view comes up and what do you think it is?

Perloin maybe?

Oh, I thought it was how many things you see.

Oh, yeah.

You go to a whole university.

There was two few letters though.

We had a laugh.

Did you maybe put a triple O in there?

Why am I doing it?

He's Jerry.

You're Jerry.

Tell us about Jerry.

Jerry, Jerry's a guy.

He's had a real interesting moment.

We've gone backwards now.

Jerry's a guy.

Oh, yeah.

And he says he's a guy.

And he's not like the ladies a whole lot.

No, no.

We were making progress but now we're back to music.

He was in a real bad accident.

He's got a bad drinking problem.

Oh.

And he drives a real big truck.

I hope it wasn't listening to this episode during our big announcement.

He would be off on the index.

He doesn't know nothing.

He doesn't know shit.

No.

Pardon my French.

And he got a real bad accident so half of his face is kind of gone.

Half, really?

Which half?

Bottom, top?

It's just no jaw.

Left side.

Oh, okay.

Well, depending on which way you're looking.

Yeah.

I normally look at him to his right and I can see his good side and then the other side.

Usually, it's like a two face when someone's half of their faces start.

You know what I mean?

It would be better if he was just bottom half because then you could wear a mask and people get you some problem with the anti-maskers.

Top half would be rough.

You'd still have a two face situation if you were under a blanket or something and then you pulled it down and then it was like, oh, that's a little different.

He's good.

He reminds me of Carl.

Both of you guys.

Carl.

Carl's the other butcher.

Yes, or just a butcher.

He's always wanted the other butcher.

So what you're saying is me and Scott have butcher humor.

Yes.

Yes, you do.

You are the only funny people he knows are but.

You definitely butcher humor.

You were.

If you guys ever get tired of telling jokes, you could come and I'll show you how to explain it to someone.

I don't know if our skills are translate to being good butchers, but somehow being a good butcher translates into what we do.

But there's cheese.

Yet the deli too.

You used to talk about cheese.

Oh, we were talking about Brie and Mr. Blah.

You could get into the cheese.

Yes.

That is honestly, that is a job I think I would like to do is be is working in a deli.

There's mannees.

That is one of my job lawyer and working in a deli.

Yeah, the customer sometimes get a little mad.

Really?

A little slower with the meat slicer because I safety first.

So sometimes I'll say hurry up.

You fat loser.

I'd like to try something.

Yeah.

I got you've been talking about this deli thing a lot.

What if we sort of simulated what it would be like to work in your butcher shop?

Honestly, I would love to get all everything that they sell in a deli, have it in my own kitchen.

And then slice up everything myself, but I'm only one guy and yeah, it makes up for cool up maybe.

You gotta go to you guys got to come to Chicago.

You gotta go.

He's the best.

Let's see what it's like.

All right.

Hey, oh, this is a super.

I'm sorry.

Were you calling?

Oh, yeah, that was the tool.

Yeah.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Okay.

Here we go.

Is it air like so flies?

Yeah.

We have a fly problem.

So they put him to Star Trek doors.

Oh, here we go.

Here we go.

Yeah, that's it.

That's perfect.

All right.

Here we are.

Oh, this deli looks great.

Oh, it's your name.

Oh, Scott.

I see your name.

Scott.

Can I get out of your English or are you from family guy?

I'm from Tampa, Florida.

Okay.

Sorry.

So this is good.

You're making the customer feel at ease.

Yeah.

I'm getting to talk about where I'm from.

Oh, welcome.

Welcome to what's the place called?

Jewel.

Ask.

Welcome to Jewel.

All right.

You know what I want.

What can I help you with?

Let me get a turkey Sandy.

Turkey Sandy.

What do you what I read?

Let's do a sourdough.

Oh, no.

This is good.

You're a nice role.

What's wrong with you?

Okay.

I don't know if I'm the ones we're getting notes now.

We're trying to think if Scott should be working.

Well, I mean, he's nailed it.

He's got.

I didn't know that the sourdough was disgusting though.

So maybe I would be good.

How would you?

Okay.

Maybe I know that.

Why is it so disgusting?

What's so bad about it?

No one ever uses it.

It's so it's almost like a sourdough.

Well, that's how the fly started.

Yeah.

Oh, they're attracted to the sourdough.

Okay.

So I'll pick another bed.

All right.

You know what?

I'll have the wheat, please.

No, you don't want the wheat.

You don't want the wheat.

You want the wheat.

You want a good roll.

Okay.

What is wrong with the wheat?

I mean, it's just got it's too much wheat.

It's too much wheat.

It's just it's.

And it's going to rip through you like a current.

Yeah.

You don't have too much fiber.

You don't want that.

Okay.

So you want a roll?

Okay.

Do you want a roll?

I did not a good roll.

Yes.

A good roll?

Yes.

It's what they're called.

Okay.

Like a Kaiser?

You put it down a good roll.

It looks like a Kaiser-ish, but it'll be called a good roll.

Yeah.

Okay.

Just a good roll.

Yeah.

I don't have a good roll.

Okay.

Do you want anything else on that?

You want a male mustard?

Yeah.

I'll have a male mustard.

Some cheese.

What type of cheese you want?

We got this.

It's a good roll.

I don't know.

That's a perfect answer.

That is the perfect answer.

Wait.

No one ever says monster because it's a town in Indiana.

Well, also the monsters are scary.

Yes.

Yeah.

Of course.

We were more of an Adam's family house.

Oh, I was a- we were a mother.

Would this make come up on that?

Make up on that.

On the Scotts magazine.

We were- we were a monsters family.

I've been Adam's family guy.

It's called the whole thing of- Okay.

So yeah.

I have the monster cheese.

You know, you're natural at this school.

Okay.

Here's your sandwich.

That'll be $5.95.

Wait a minute.

You didn't ask me if I wanted- salt and pepper and vinegar.

No, we don't.

We are out of those.

We are out of this.

I can't believe that.

That's insane.

We ran out Friday.

It's almost like you're seeing the matrix right now.

I might be working in a deli if I were to be red-billed.

You might wake up in a deli like, oh my God, I'm saving stuff.

Now should we have him be a lawyer?

Let's see.

Maybe you should be a lawyer.

I'll be a lawyer.

And we'll see how the deli versus lawyer, whoever wins, we all lose.

I'll be your client.

Okay.

Who do you want to be?

I'll be the stenographer.

Okay, great.

This lawyer has this drug for me.

Welcome to Jewel OSCO.

Click, click, click, click.

Hey, what's up, I'm the lawyer.

Oh, wait.

You didn't open the door.

I can't hear you.

Okay.

No, no.

That's not- There you go.

Hey, what's up, I'm the lawyer.

Welcome to Jewel OSCO.

Hey, thanks for being my lawyer.

How are you?

Great to meet in this supermarket.

Click, click.

Are you guys having a meeting here?

Because this is not a public place.

Is this what you would say if he was working?

This is perfect.

I mean, you honestly could do anything.

We are so impressed with you guys.

Really?

Because we weren't familiar with the show.

No, thank you.

So we listened to- That was very clear when you started saying stuff like, you should have that guy on.

None of those guys should really be on the show.

I beg to differ.

We listened to all- How many episodes?

710?

Around there, yeah.

Yeah, where we listened to every damn one.

Wow.

We listened to everyone.

Including the live ones?

There's maybe 100 live ones.

We spent about, oh, 200 hours since we won this.

Whoa.

Because we wanted to be prepared.

We did.

How long ago did you win this contest?

Three years ago.

Wow.

It was sweet out of save up, honey.

Did you do this three years ago, Sprague?

I have my turn.

I was on a band.

I was doing ecstasy every weekend.

Remember?

Oh, we did that last night.

We did ecstasy.

They call it medema.

Here's a funny story.

Last night we stopped at Ripley's.

Oh, believe it or not.

Believe it or not, we walk in.

That's pretty good.

And we meet this guy in there.

This guy's cleaning.

He's mopping up the floor.

Okay.

He wasn't part of the exhibit.

If he was, he was fucking good.

Yeah.

This guy's a superstar in his own light.

You guys are very easily blown away by his stuff.

I started talking.

She'll tell you.

He told me he loves that.

But I like that about it.

And I said, what's the mop?

What are you working with here?

What's the mop?

What do you do?

I don't think he's probably ever gotten that question before.

This is so big, but you're so disrespectful.

You know, he looks and he shows me and it's just, you know, what he's so would.

Sure.

It was neat.

Nothing special about it.

No, no, no special handle.

No, it was neat to see like a California version of a mop.

Yeah.

It was basically like a long stick that had avocados on it, a California version.

Oh, that would be, that would be pretty good.

This guy is so good.

Strings made of kale.

Anyway, I don't know what that is.

Yeah, I just want to get through this.

It was a long stick.

It was a long stick and it had about all 40, 45 strings on it.

Oh, that's interesting.

What the hell is the bucket?

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

This is a good tease because we have to take a break.

Okay.

This is a good deal.

I want to hear about the bucket.

You better pull over.

Everyone pull your cars over.

I don't think they're getting to work to this morning.

You may need to call and seek to work today.

Yeah.

Okay.

We're going to get to the bucket.

Look, we have to take a break.

We'll be right back with more Sprague the Whisperer, more Gary and March Philippowski.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bank.

After this.

Comedy Bank.

We're back.

Sprague the Whisperer.

All right.

Hold on.

I'm going to do my ranking.

So I think Frankie sees my number one because he's been my ride in the circle chat here.

I don't know what the ad is.

What is the circle?

It's a Netflix show.

It's the streaming service that has Chicago parking.

It's that maybe.

What's an aunt?

Oh, yes.

Sorry.

Oh, wait.

And then number two through seven, I'm going to say tied everyone else.

All right.

Are you ready?

Yeah, I'm going to go ahead and tie them all.

Okay.

All right.

Interesting.

All right.

So I did my ranking.

So I'm waiting to hear to see if I'm going to be a.

Hopefully you'll get number one.

Yeah.

I hope you get number one.

I bet you do.

You're at your number one in our book.

You really are.

Thank you so much.

Jerry and March.

Gary and March actually.

That's okay because Jerry.

Jerry.

I'm sure.

That's a compliment.

He's if I wish I was Jerry except for his face.

I love him.

He doesn't have half of face.

Yeah.

Does he try to favor the good side or the bad side just to like break it to you?

Yeah, he's a real diva about it too.

It's a lot.

Yeah, he's always, you know, looking this way.

He's always in profile like it like not trying to show the customers the bad side.

Yeah, he always thinks he's gotten good at it.

Sometimes I forget and then I he turns the wrong way.

Oh my God.

It's horrible.

It is terrifying when you get that wrong.

He's just looking like George Washington on the quarter most of the time.

Yeah.

He's got hair like that too kind of really.

And hit one of his teeth is wood.

Oh, one.

And also he's racist.

Okay.

So he went like that part.

He's not a part of Jerry.

Did he also enforce vaccines?

Yeah.

It's that's a personal decision.

Okay.

Nevermind.

We want to talk about it.

No, Gary, you're in the middle of describing a mop.

Oh, no, the mop we heard everything about it.

He heard the mop.

Bucky was just a little yellow bucket said George Pacific.

Can you believe that?

I don't know whether this was worth it.

We did a whole tease.

Wow.

You know, you guys were saying earlier that you listen to every episode.

Every episode.

Ask me any question about Jason Manzukis.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

What does deal?

I don't know.

What is this deal?

His deal is I think he's two tacos shy of a combo platter.

Wow.

They have listened.

How many are a combo platter usually?

What is that?

In Chicago.

12 tacos.

And that's a small.

So 12 tacos, two burritos, chimichanga, big trough of rice and beans.

Wow.

Okay.

And about 30 tortillas.

That's a Chicago.

30 is for just for the beans and rice.

That's to soak it up.

Yeah.

You soak up the juices.

Now, Gary, we heard that you worked at the supermarket.

But, March, I'm interested.

Where do you work in Chicago?

So what's your life like?

I work at a blind store.

Okay.

So hold on.

I feel Scott.

Yeah.

He's revved up for a joke.

I do.

It's not necessarily a joke as much as, is this, do you sell braille books there or do you, do you only sell to the blind?

I never thought of it like that.

It's blinds.

It's like vertical blinds.

It's like Venetian blinds.

It's only vertical.

Only vertical.

We don't do horizontal.

It's called only vertical.

And then in parentheses, we don't do horizontal.

We're sorry about that.

Oh, okay.

She's being modest.

It's one of the biggest blind stories in Illinois.

It's pretty big.

Yeah.

I mean, the blinds are big.

They're bigger than any other blind or anywhere in the store.

That and we, you know, we do a lot, we do a lot of window treatments.

We did the ones at Soldiers Field.

Celebrity clients, RoCon.

RoCon came in there.

Why are there window treatments in Soldiers Field?

Yeah.

What do they do?

Usually you want those open.

No, no.

Sometimes it's a little too sunny.

They'll say go ahead and pull it down.

Oh, okay.

We'll just know, watch the game.

You just put it.

Well, I know.

I saw some of these bear steams.

I was close to blinds.

Close the blinds to my eyes.

Your eyelids.

So your eyelids are the original vertical lines.

They're the original.

It's supposed to be good as the blinds sales.

Honey, tell them, tell them when Oprah came in.

So Oprah comes in, right?

This is, this is back.

Whoa.

This is back in like, oh, God, damn it.

89.

Well, this is, this is prime Oprah.

Yeah.

Was it Oprah prime?

This was Oprah prime.

You see, you get her in two days.

I don't know.

I'm trying to keep.

No, you're keeping up.

I'm trying to keep up.

Anyways, so I'm sitting there and I had had a rough day.

I'll be honest.

Really?

What happened?

I had gotten up late and I'm an early bird.

I like to have- Five am, five am.

Oh, okay.

So what happened?

How late did you get up?

Why did you get up that way?

I got up at five thirty.

Oh, no.

Cause the fire alarm went off.

Okay.

What happened?

Why were you sleeping later than five?

Fire alarm.

This is what I mean.

So you want to get one?

It was a big day.

Big day, George H.W. Bush just won the election.

It was 1980.

Oh, okay.

This is November 2nd or whatever it is.

I remember the day to go.

That's it, Zach.

So you'd stay up late.

Watch in the returns.

Okay.

At WGN.

Beat that little Greek, Greek, dukakis.

Oh, oh dear.

How you're going to vote for a dukakis?

Polish people and Greek people in Chicago.

They're going to get it.

We don't get it.

We're not the best friends.

We don't get it.

Which you're out of, by the way, at the deli, oil and water.

We don't have it.

No potable water.

Don't ask for that.

Anyway, so she comes in and I didn't even look up because I was so tired.

I says, oh, can I help you?

She got the fire alarm, by the way.

Why was it going up?

Yeah, it was there.

I tripped.

I pulled it.

Oh, you have the...

I fired on the alarm.

We have a lot more.

We don't have a battery.

We have a older one.

So you have to see a fire in order to trip.

I just pull it.

I blew dye all over my hands.

Yeah.

So you woke up.

I drove asleep and you said, I'm going to let you sleep.

He started walking to the bathroom.

Maybe the lights were left.

He tripped because the lights were up.

He grabbed the fire.

I get it back.

That's exactly what it makes.

I mean, were you here?

Because it is...

No, but you guys are master storytellers.

Yes.

That's what they all say.

That's what they say.

Our friends.

Our neighbors.

Okay.

All right.

We don't want to get it anyway.

You should meet one of our neighbors.

I would love to live next already.

You should meet Squatty.

Squatty Jim.

Oh, wait.

I have to take over their personalities and bodies or...

Oh, gosh.

I couldn't do that.

You don't want Squatty Jim's body.

He's got a body.

He wants you in an accident.

Let me guess.

It's a short and squat.

In Squatty, he's heavy.

He's too heavy even for our standards.

He was in an accident?

A lot of people.

You know in accidents and I'm starting to be like, put the pieces together.

Like, these guys sort of hurting me.

Setting up accidents.

Why would you say that?

You were on a bus and then the brakes would cut to something.

Yeah.

I mean, this is like a hitchhiking.

I was on the bus.

I'm a Veronica Mars season two.

Okay, we've brought up three people.

That's not good.

That's my favorite season of Veronica Mars.

That's the one.

That is the one show.

She solves the mystery.

The only shows we ever watched were Hill Street Blues.

Hill Street Blues, Veronica Mars.

And Chicago P.D. Chicago, P.D. Chicago, Med. Chicago, Med.

Chicago, Med.

Okay.

But Veronica Mars season two specifically.

Top-notch.

Incredible.

So tell us about this interaction with a customer.

Oh, God.

Well, it's not just any customer.

I'm tired.

Okay.

I help you.

Let's go.

I'm here.

She was already doing a famous scream.

Her famous catchphrase.

I'm here.

So be honest, I've forgotten that the customer was Oprah in this story until you just did that.

So I'm glad that.

Was that good?

That was incredible.

I thought she was here.

I should be on the tunnel.

Yeah.

And I says, I go, Oh my God.

I says, I love you.

You know, my husband and I, we love you.

And she goes, I love you too.

And I think about that sometimes.

Whoa, you know, she said she loved you too.

Yeah.

So is she talking about the band or great question?

No, I think she was looking.

You as well.

Like I love you as well.

I mean, probably like 90% chance.

That's what she meant.

But that 10% there's this.

This is Jegov outside smoking.

This Jegov outside smoking.

I'm looking at this before the rules about smoking indoors.

So he could have been smoking doors in Chicago.

Oh, okay.

And I still.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, okay.

You just got to go to a cop.

Out of 35th.

We're smoking doors.

Okay.

Good to know.

We have the smoking Ikea and the dad's smoking Ikea.

So anyway, I says, who's this Jegov outside?

He's smoking.

I says, should you go?

That's Studman.

And I go, I go, I go Oprah.

I don't, I got to tell you, don't you ever marry that man?

Whoa.

So that's why I can tell you that he is a Jegov.

Really?

Just from seeing him smoke outside.

Yeah.

What was, you didn't like the fact he was smoking.

He was smoking like Andrew Dice Club.

Oh, he was sitting the head?

Yes.

Oh, no.

If I saw Studman doing the Dice Clay smoke, I would be like, you know, like a pretty imping bouncer smoke.

It's not.

No, it was, it was bad.

It was rough.

And Oprah was not happy to hear that.

No, she didn't like that.

She said, that's none of your business.

Don't, I'm never coming back to this store.

Oh, really?

She didn't.

I don't love you anymore.

I don't take it bad.

It was bad.

But, but I don't even love the band you two anymore.

No, no.

That's the reason why though, that she never untied the knot with Studman because this beauty over here is what I'm doing.

Wow.

And that was the day.

And what was funny was I was thinking that day too.

I was tired because of the fire alarm and I think.

Well, because your husband let you over.

Well, I was thinking and you know, he's at least.

And I guess the night before you were celebratory about George H.W. Bush.

In anticipation.

You know, in anticipation.

What am I trying to say?

In anticipation?

No.

That's the word in Chicago.

That's the salad.

That is the word.

That is the salad.

It's like a Greek salad.

It's like a call-go.

It's like a call-a-moutivace.

I guess anticipation of the goal four is what I was trying to say.

Which we won.

Last night, we had a pretty interesting dinner last night with.

So we had Scientology.

And then we had dinner.

Did you eat in between the dinner?

We try not to snack.

Because brunch is a combination of breakfast and lunch which implies you're going to skip.

Yeah.

We had a little, we had like a late afternoon, little, we shared a little bag of peanuts.

We had them from Southwest.

Yeah.

Got it.

So where's this dinner?

We had dinner.

My grandmother's best friend, her son was an actor out here.

And he got an in accident.

Yeah, that's a like, Blake.

I thought, wait, Robert Blake from Beretta.

He was involved in an accident with his wife.

Yep.

And so over there in the valley on what's on Street?

Well, it's right by an Italian restaurant.

Yeah, I used to go into it all.

We went there last night with Robert Blake.

He got us some transformation.

I didn't realize he was still with us.

He's with us.

He's good.

He looks more right.

He faked his own dinner.

Can I tell you?

Kiss?

I don't know.

It was Robert Blake.

I know it.

I have to have been Robert Blake.

This is how good of an actor he is.

From Lost Highway, the guy with the white face.

From Beretta, Lost Forever.

Beretta.

Anyway, this is how good of an actor he is.

So when he's looking at the janitor mapping and then I says, I go, care.

It's Robert Blake.

Wait, wait.

So hold on.

He is for sure alive, by the way.

He is alive.

Yeah.

I remember remembering now, I go, you look great.

How old are you?

He goes, I'm 87.

Yeah.

So he is still with us.

Wait, who was the janitor?

This is weird.

And he goes, welcome to Hollywood.

Huge twist.

That's like a Mr. Glass-style twist.

We sat in eight with him.

He told us stories about the set of money train.

Really?

Did he leave his gun at the place accidentally?

He carried his gun with him the whole time.

Whoa, this is incredible.

It was pretty, he was talking about a star sighting.

Yeah.

One of the best.

Yeah, it was incredible.

It was such a good guy.

A nice, my nice man.

I don't know.

He's so humble.

I don't know.

I don't know if I would see that.

I think he's learned a lot since the accident.

Maybe I hope so.

I hope so.

I agree.

That's a great question.

It's a garage door.

Oh, okay.

Really?

Is it a garage?

Two minutes to fully open.

Sometimes I hit it and it's rough.

So somebody rings the doorbell and you say, hold on.

How did you see Stedman smoking out there?

The door was, I thought he was really a slow reveal.

Okay.

I was like, oh, he's got a show.

The kind of Jerry doesn't want because.

Oh, no.

Because I agreed it.

Because of that face.

But it really was like, as in the more the door opened, the more I was like, what did I go?

Oh, is he's okay?

No, he was wearing around the knees though.

He was wearing Birkenstocks with socks.

Okay.

So already you're like in socks.

Jingle, here we go.

Then you get the dark alert.

You get the dice clay cigarettes.

Yeah.

Oh boy.

It's crazy.

Alright, so garage door.

Oh, hi.

It's longer than that.

Well, I don't know.

We're going to do what we call in Hollywood a smash cut to.

Okay.

So started and then.

Smash cut to.

Hi, my name is Sally Jesse Raphael and I'm interested in buying some blinds.

Welcome to the blind store.

We have the biggest blinds in the world.

These babies are 10 feet wide.

Good.

Wow.

These babies are big.

You know, my windows, my big, my windows are actually 12 feet wide.

I don't know if you guys.

We don't have anything for you.

No, we can accommodate.

We can accommodate.

We can accommodate any size window.

They say that, but they can't.

Wait a minute.

You guys should check.

Check real quick.

Check the inventory.

Tell them.

Yeah, you can do it.

I don't need you to check.

Why are you holding a gun to my head?

And do it.

Tell it is a crazy bitch that you're going to give her the big fucking blinds.

Get you whatever you want.

Just please don't fucking kill me.

Okay.

I'll buy all the blinds of the store.

Wait a minute.

That was pretty good.

Wow.

Fantastic.

You work well under pressure.

My parents.

Guess what?

There's odds are that will happen with some.

Is that Robert Blake's?

Yes.

Isn't it cool?

He autographed it.

Oh, he autographed it with a Sharpie.

He autographed it with a silver.

He has a silver.

A silver Sharpie.

So you can see it.

I do not want to touch that thing.

It's loaded but there's not one in the car.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, please put it away.

No, no, please don't play.

Look, the safety is on.

Oh, now it's on.

Guys, we're running out of time.

We're running out of time.

We got reservations.

Well then we got reservations.

Okay, good.

Well, we do have time for- I'm not doing this podcast.

Okay.

I understand if you have a regular Jerry over here.

He's kind of a Jerry.

I did one.

All right.

We do have time for one final feature though on the show and that is of course a little something called plugs.

I like candy.

I like soda.

I like smoking weed.

Falling down the sleep while washing too much.

Don't be me.

I like pretending that the things I love are bad for me.

What's wrong with comedy?

What's the harm in comedy?

Bang, bang.

Oh, wow.

That was amazing.

Bringing back that early 2000s era- Good Charlotte.

Yeah.

Take off my pants and jacket.

Wait, something.

I'm finally understanding.

Scott, wait, are you talking on the circle?

Oh, sorry.

Hold on.

Circle change.

Take off my pants and jacket.

Hashtag pants.

Hashtag shirt.

How did the rankings come in?

The rankings are coming in imminently.

Okay, we got to get through plugs before they do.

That was Kevbot 4000 with not about plugs.

Thank you so much.

Kevbot 4000.

Thanks, Kevbot.

Got to ask Gary and March, what do you want to plug?

Is there any television show that you guys are interested in watching or anything?

Well, blue bloods.

Blue bloods is always.

With Selik, of course.

Selik, well, reverse mortgages.

We did.

We, so here's what we did.

He tells you, he says, I'm not taking you.

We reverse mortgage, but with the money, what we did, because he, Selik told us to do that.

William Devane told us to put it in gold line.

Oh, okay.

We, we, we reverse Selik to Devane.

We got a big bag of gold.

Okay, great.

Smosh.

That's pretty, pretty good.

Any other show out there?

Maybe something on a streaming service or?

We were watching, we watched Sex Life, which we thought was a little confusing.

That was confusing.

Maybe, maybe, maybe that show was more of an LA show.

We didn't get it.

I don't know.

There's a show about Chicago that we watched.

Oh, Wow, Chicago was wrote on.

Okay, good.

You know, it's a great show.

So everyone you know, everyone's always like, yeah, Hill Street Blues is the best Chicago show.

But no one knows that there was a spin off of Hill Street Blues starring Dennis Franz.

This is Franz Franz called Beverly Hills Buns.

Yes.

And it's my all-time favorite show.

Oh, I watched that.

I thought about it the whole time I've been here.

I've been pretending like I'm buns the whole time I'm here.

And it was that big before Beverly Hills Cop?

That was made after Beverly Hills Cop.

Yeah, you know, sure, you have a once in a generational charismatic comedic talent, Eddie Murphy.

Check out Dennis Franz's butt instead.

He is a 10.

He is a...

She's thinking...

He did that show and then it was like, you know what?

I love buns, but take the N out of it and put Dennis Franz in it and his butts.

This is NYPD Blue.

She's my wife's hall pass.

He is.

No.

She said he could do whatever he wants.

No questions asked.

No questions asked with any objects.

All right.

I also, if you like radios, there's a radio show.

I don't know.

It's confusing.

A bank house?

No, no.

And of course, man cows the best.

But no, it's on HBO Max.

Okay.

I think he's the guy that runs HBO.

HBO Max.

And it's about Batman that's coming out on September 18.

September 18.

Oh, okay.

Dennis, it's a...

It's a show.

It's called Batman Audio Adventures.

So it's out already.

Yeah, okay.

Yeah, it came.

Oh, yeah.

How about it?

Yeah, you've been on vacation, so you didn't know, but it came out a couple of days.

That's right.

And I'm excited.

There's a couple people in it.

Okay.

I would also like to plug my Jewel OSCO store.

Okay, sorry.

It's going to get a lot of business.

I'm feeling a lot of road.

No potable water.

Yeah.

Well, we're working on that right now.

No, no vinegar.

There is no rest.

No.

No rest.

No.

No, no, no.

King of England.

No restroom.

I mean, come in and you say, I got diarrhea.

You know what I'm saying?

I would like to speak in a King of England.

I would love to see you in Hamilton playing the King of England.

We don't like musicals.

I don't know about that one, maybe, but I am a pretty good singer.

You're saying this.

You'll be back.

Oh, hell, that was incredible.

That was incredible.

Can I tell you something?

I achieved it.

Shit, finally.

Maybe while I'm here, I'll sign with a big talent agent.

Sure.

Well, you did show this.

You made me a super producer.

Oh, look at me.

Well, it will be a super producer.

Are you really a super producer?

You got to walk him up.

They call me a super producer.

I might have to look you up after that quick drop that you were playing the King of England in Hamilton.

There is, you have a sheen to your face that I like.

They call me the Hollywood sheen.

I paid $3,000 a bottle for you.

That's what I heard.

It's made by Charlie Sheen.

Yeah.

So I think you got ripped up.

Winning.

Hashtag winning.

Sprague, what do we want to plug?

Obviously, we have a co-plug here.

We got a co-plug, but before we get to it, because I don't think we did get to it, there's a show on Netflix called Chicago party on the text.

Oh, yeah.

And of course, yeah.

This sounds like it would be up for the, we would like this.

You guys might like it.

I might like it.

I might plug it to you too specifically because it's the right way.

It's very specific to your interest.

Is it funny?

I think it's funny.

We were watching Chicago Ant Party.

Oh, that's a good show.

Is RuPaul in Chicago, Permure?

I know she is.

Yeah, I'm a big fan.

I am a big fan.

Okay, whatever.

Huge fan of that.

But we also have a co-plug, Scott.

We've got a show coming out called Scott Havens Seen.

Scott Havens Seen.

Yeah, not Havens Seen.

I'm going to bungle it every time.

It's a different language.

Every time.

You think good is the king of England, by the way.

You think you'll be back.

You'll be back.

Oh my God.

Not as good.

Not as good as Gary.

My temper accent came out.

Yeah.

So we've got a show that's called Scott Havens Seen.

When is it coming out?

Scott, over first is the first episode comes out every Friday.

On the CBB Patreon.

CBBworld.com, comedybangbangworld.com.

You can get to both of that.

We'll also be moving the archives of the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles podcast.

We're moving all the archives over there.

So if you haven't heard that from Sprague's Patreon, you can.

All over there.

And as well as other new shows, we'll be announcing the other weekly new show next week.

Can I still find the Bob Dooka?

Those are all there.

They will be there.

I have every all 250 episodes of affirmation.

He's a super fan.

I told you we listened to every episode.

So you listen to all the spin-offs will be there.

Everything will be there.

Let me ask you guys this.

You guys like Chief?

Yeah.

Okay.

Are they off super fan?

Yeah.

Sure.

Looking for Carmen Sandiego.

Yeah.

Of course.

Yes.

Hasn't found her yet.

Can I take these cans home?

No.

She's talking about the ones on her chest.

Oh, yeah.

Please don't leave them here.

That was the joke they had been doing.

They wanted to do this.

All right.

We'll be talking next week with more info about that.

But the CBB World Patreon starts October 1st with new content coming out every week.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Here we go.

♪ Rain, rain, coming down ♪ ♪ They come down and drop it ♪ ♪ Rain, coming down ♪ ♪ If I open my mouth to the sky ♪ ♪ I can get a drink of water now ♪ Oh, I love that.

I go to get some MDMA.

That should have me on level.

That was of course Andy Samberg and I.

That's our rain song.

This is Dally.

Danny California, not the D.A.

N.I.

but Danny with two N's in a Y with plug in the rain.

Parenthesis thought remix that over there remix Danny California.

Good job.

Thank you.

Keep sending those remixes.

Have fun.

Really appreciate it.

Thank you so much.

First of all, spray.

Great to see you buddy.

Great to see you again and I will be seeing you in the future.

Of course you definitely will.

And Gary and Marge, wow.

What a treat.

This has been.

Aside from the birth of our six beautiful kids.

They were born to their sex tablets.

She had sex tablets.

We should have told you that earlier.

Because you had birth.

Yeah, there was one big birth.

You don't even plan it on it.

That's like a litter.

It was an accident.

We didn't want kids.

We didn't want kids at all.

You're like the Octomom but too shy.

I am too shy.

Yeah, she is too shy.

Yeah, right.

I am too shy.

No one ever called me that.

Hold on.

I got the circle check results.

Oh wow.

From the ranking.

Okay.

Last place.

That's so great.

Wait a minute.

I'm being blocked by Frankie C.

Oh no.

He was my number one right of time.

Oh no.

I'm so sorry.

You just come on a show like this.

You said you tried.

Oh it says you clearly left the compound.

Oh you were blocked by the producers.

And you are being blocked by the producers.

Also named Frankie C.

Oh wait.

That has to be a conflict event.

Maybe it's Frankie conflict event.

Hold on.

Here's an alert.

Oh it says that I get to meet this producer in person.

Scott this is huge because I could get to tell him a little bit of my mind.

I'm like I'm sure he gets to see if he's actually who he says.

And I'll get to see if he's caustic.

Oh wow.

This is really exciting.

Okay well I'm so sorry.

If you get care fish make sure you salt it.

You got to salt it.

Break it.

Otherwise.

From Italian.

That's right.

I can't believe I'm getting that.

That's incredible.

Well guys thank you so much.

Thank you.

Great to have you on.

I'm sorry Sprague but you'll have more time to tape our show.

I'll be on another random reality show the next time.

I'm sure you will.

Well I hope it's survivor.

No we did that one already.

Oh.

All right.

Might be love is blind.

Okay we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Thank you.

Bye.

You I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look at the next slide.
