---
layout: page
title: 725. Jason Mantzoukas, Andy Daly, Tim Baltz [2f51ad3b-e8ad-4d29-9a7d-adaf0144799d].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ It's Jolly Japes when you're with some apes, your trousers down, and them sucking on your grapes.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Whoa!

Ah, thank you to Narlie Wall, the Narlie Narwhal for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Submitted via Twitter, you can find him at atnarlie...

I don't even know.

But welcome to the show.

Welcome to the show for another week.

What a week it is, back to school month, continues a pace.

Everyone is back to school.

They're learning shit every minute of every day.

And this episode will be no exception for those of you looking to go on a little journey through knowledge.

Because we have some very exciting guests.

We have a writer on the show.

And that's very exciting.

We have a sort of an artist slash writer.

An author?

Certainly, yeah, of at least three books that I know of.

We also have the owner of a little shop, Bodoo.

And he's a...

I don't want to call him...

Is it a...

Of horrors?

It certainly is not that...

No, don't worry.

It's not...

Okay, good.

Mr. Mushnick isn't showing up.

Don't you worry.

But I don't want to call him an entrepreneur because we stopped having entrepreneurs on the show.

But he is a small business owner.

It's a very small business.

But successful.

But, I mean, can it really be successful if it's so small?

I don't know.

I mean, we'll find out.

Is it in this environment if it's still open?

If it's...

Keeping the doors open.

Look, open doors are what you wanted a business because...

Listen, unlock the doors.

Lock the gates, but unlock the doors.

Of course, of course.

Lock those gates.

We all know those are wise words from someone who will be on Mount Potmore, I'm sure.

Just like Jason and I...

What was your Mount Potmore, do you think?

Who do we got?

Okay, we got...

Conan O'Brien is going to have the biggest head of them all, of course, because of the event.

Well, that is...

The event is just...

Just podcasting.

Of course, of course.

Whoever was on serial, I don't know whether it's the host or the killer, probably the killer.

Yeah, probably the killer's face on Mount Potmore.

I want the killer on Mount Potmore.

Because no one's listening for the host, whoever that was.

They're listening to the killer.

No, every...

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, okay.

And then...

If I was going to put somebody up for serial, it would be Captain Crunch.

Yeah, probably.

Maybe Tony the Tiger.

I mean, he...

Oh, oh, oh.

What a catchphrase he had.

It was short, concise to the point.

It's great.

That's all you need to know about the serial.

It's great.

I saw him in a commercial with Shaq recently.

Really, the guy is still working.

For serial or was it for the NBA?

Yeah.

It was for serial.

Really?

Yeah.

That's a...

He was so good at it.

Maybe the best ever do it.

Talking about Tony the Tiger, of course.

Sure.

Why isn't he out there pitching other projects?

Projects, products, you know?

And now, especially after the success of Tiger King on Netflix, this past year, like...

And Tiger Bomb.

Why isn't Tony the Tiger just capitalizing on that bitch?

Look at Shaq.

He's out there, boom, boom, boom.

The general.

He's doing the general.

He's doing Papa John's.

He's doing...

Get Tony the Tiger in on that general action.

Yes, absolutely.

Tony the...

Or...

We need to take a Tiger and not transition now into legit acting work.

Yes.

I mean, he's just sitting there with his orange and black striped phone, just, you know, like waiting on the call.

Let's call him up to the big leagues.

Get him up there.

We got it.

You know what?

We got to rep him.

We got to start our management company.

We need to build our management company.

We need to build out our fine tell- Before we announce the launch though.

That's what we're here to talk about.

We're repping people now.

That's our jobs, you know?

We're not just talking about...

And Tiger's talking about Tony.

Tony, Tony.

Tony, don't worry.

We said, we think you're...

We think you're...

Jesus said people he missed the...

Great.

I do want to introduce you though, because people at this point, they're like, is this the guy from Invincible?

Is this the guy from the upcoming Star Trek Prodigy?

Who is this?

I don't know.

I believe it is.

We need to welcome you.

Well, you know what?

Let's wait and reveal it at the end.

Oh, no.

We've done that before.

We did that with Sam B. and people were sitting there not having any idea who it was until the very last second was it.

Sam B was here.

Oh, it's me again.

Sam B.

I want to get you right up here.

I don't want to bury the lead.

I come here to praise you not to bury you.

That's sort of the reverse Julius Caesar.

Please welcome to the show.

He is, of course, the co-host of How Did This Get Made.

Great.

That's exactly where the emphasis is meant to be.

He has done a...

Look, I mean, I watched him this summer in Infinite.

Was that what it was called?

That is what it was called.

Yes, it was.

I got it.

Infinite.

You nailed it.

Mainly...

You know, it was my character.

It seemed like it was a comment on the runtime and how long it seemed to be going on and on and on.

How long it seemed to go for a movie that had a very short runtime.

And you're talking, of course, about my character only referred to as the artisan.

Is that what you were called?

The artisan.

No, why weren't you making things like the artisan?

He wants us dead.

You wanted someone dead.

I don't remember anything about it.

But check it out.

It's over there on Paramount Plus for a good time.

Oh, yeah.

If you want to see me wearing a lot of eye makeup and having my fingernails painted, please.

Is it true when you made that movie and they decided to put it up there on that streaming service, they were like, should we call it just for this movie Paramount Minus?

Oh, wow.

Wow.

How dare you?

Just for this movie.

Jogs, you have a lot of nerves, sir.

But please welcome in these one of our favorites, Jason Menzukas is back.

Hello, Jay.

Scott, I am so delighted to be here.

It is good to see you, my friend.

Wonderful to have you by request.

You asked that we gather together.

You know, it occurred to me that I have not seen you in a minute.

On Mike.

We have seen each other.

We've seen each other in person, but who needs that?

We need to be.

But I'm like, I like things pointed out.

I need to talk to this guy through a mic.

I need to exhibit and unplify those voices, baby.

Over the airwaves, baby.

No.

So now here we are.

We're going to talk about comics for the next four hours.

That's right.

Well, no, we get no one wants to hear that show, although they're maybe.

We're talking panels.

Talking panels.

Is that the most exciting parts of comic books?

We're talking panels?

The panels structure?

We're talking panels?

Yeah, yeah, I'm talking about a nine panel grid.

I'm talking about a splash page.

Look at these panel bricks.

Oh.

You know, maybe we'll do that show at some point, but I don't know if too many people are interested.

I think people, I've heard from a lot of people who have heard us mention it that they do not want us to talk about comics because it's- They don't want it.

Okay.

If they don't want it because it would be alienating to them because this- because the overlap is like so not like podcast listeners are not comic book people.

So they hate them.

They hate each other.

I don't want that.

I don't.

That's by the way, that's a modern reference now because Spielberg's movie is coming out.

Okay.

So you're a little old.

So you're a so wow, you're really you're really coming out coming out hard on that.

Okay.

Do you think the Spielberg West Side story will mention zip guns like the original does?

Probably.

Should we bring zip guns, Tony?

Do you think that or did like Tony Kushner when he by the way, Tony Kushner play right of Angels in America?

Sure.

Such an image.

He only works on projects where the lead character is his name.

It's like a weird fucking like sociological weird sex king cork with him where he's just like- Wait, is that true?

Yeah.

So like Tony.

The West Side story.

Yes.

What else?

Who's named Tony in Angels and the World?

You know, whatever else he's done.

You look at it in the lead of all of those movies, Tony, it's like he loves typing his own name.

He's a fucking weird.

Well, here's the thing.

Let's can I let me drill down on this one more level.

The guy's a playwright.

What's the number one award given to playwrights?

Holy shit, you have broken this wide open.

Of course, we're talking about the Anthony award more commonly known as the Tony award.

They shortened it.

Yes.

Sure.

Wow.

That's cool.

This guy is a real sick fuck.

His whole thing was, you know what?

The only thing I want to win is the award named after me.

The Anthony.

This guy is so weird, but of course, West Side story coming out this Christmas.

Will you be there?

I doubt it.

No.

Doesn't that get your just the hairs on the back of your neck of which you have many?

I including one on the front of your body and the front of your face.

I've got a lot of hairs, most of them on the back of my neck.

That's where they grew the fastest and thickest.

We grew seven years old.

Just suddenly got a beard back there.

That thick neck pelt.

Here's my question for you is how important, because I know you, I am not a musicals person at all.

Sure.

You don't even like if I were to say to you, don't rape me, Fossel Latino.

Like you would, you're cringing right now.

I know that that's like a scale, but I don't know if you're referring to a specific song.

You hate it, right?

You just hate it.

I don't like musicals.

I don't like music.

I find them.

In fact, you, you, you, I love music.

I love music.

I don't like musical theater.

You think you would like music, but you've never actually listened to any.

Is that right?

Oh, yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

When people start to put on music, I'm saying, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, no, put, I need voices in this.

I need, I mean, I need voices.

Because you're a podcaster and podcasters like talking, they don't like music.

Yes.

Yes, exactly.

I get it.

I get personally insulted when anyone puts on a record.

I'm like, uh, why don't you put on the comedy bang bang?

Podcast instead.

Exactly.

Here's what, here's what I'm, my question for you though, in all honesty is you are a big musical theater person.

And a question, be honest, is, is West Side Story one of your favorites?

Or is it the reply only be honest?

No, no, I would like your reply to be disingenuous and distant, but if the question is very, very honest question.

Are you looking forward to West Side Story like legit?

Is this one of your favorites?

Or are you just kind of like, oh, well, we'll see.

I love West Side Story.

I was in, of course, West Side Story where I played the, uh, I call him the titular officer Krupke because there is a song called Officer Krupke.

Uh, and, uh, I love the original movie with, of course, Twin Peaks stars.

And you've written a spinoff, right?

A Rosen Krantzen Guildenstern, our dead type play for Officer Krupke.

Like what's happening when he's not.

And the guy who owns the malt shop.

Yeah.

We just like hang out and go on like these kids.

Multi, multi-miggy.

You know, good old multi-miggy.

Sitting around going these kids.

Multi-miggy and Krupke.

You think they're going to bring the zip guns this time?

Um, but, uh, but, you know, it is a little dated, uh, but, uh, I also, I wonder what Spielberg's going to do to it.

Is he going to be true to it?

I don't know.

Is it a theory?

Is he doing it as a period piece or is it going to be a modern?

I think with that many women in the cast, it's going to be a period piece.

Definitely.

Hey, oh, you because of their menses.

Sure.

I think I was, I don't know.

I was coming at it from every egg.

You're coming at it.

But you, I think you liked it.

They probably all synced up.

Um, I bet they did boy.

That's terrible when you're shooting a movie much like infinite on Paramount+.

Oh yeah.

Do all the women's menses line up eventually?

Yeah, they all talk about that on set.

Yeah, it's on the call sheet.

It's number one on the call sheets.

Everyone's cycle is on the call sheet.

I guess maybe it would be number three because we all know number one is P.

Number two is poo.

Is number three the menses?

I got to go 10 three.

Is that what 10 three is?

10 four.

This is code by the way.

This is, this is walkie talkie code for 10 one is when you have to go P and that's like you alerting the sound department like, Hey, turn off my mic and don't listen to me P.

Well, it's also like you're telling people like, Hey, I, we're your headed in a, you're going to the bathroom.

I mean, this is a real honest question.

Has N.

Have you ever said, have you ever said I'm going 10 two, which I assume would mean I'm going to take a shit.

I guess in 10 one is referring to number one.

Because anyone's at your house by the way, or in two, they're at a meeting when they go to the bathroom, they always go, Oh, I got it.

I'll be right back.

I just got to take a quick P. You know, 50% of the time, if not more, they're taking a shit diarrhea, they're having full day.

City.

Yeah.

That's why I say I'm going, I'm going 10 three, 10 three.

I'm doing, I'm doing 10 three.

I'm doing everything.

Make sure I jerk off.

I don't know.

I'm weird places.

I'm avoiding everything.

No, no, that's a 10 four, by the way.

Good buddy.

You know, it is over there on the dirty side.

Jason Mandukis is here, of course, of infinite.

Oh, we're he plays the artists and.

And a social friend of mine, whom I have been seeing occasionally in my backyard.

Jason has been gracing my certain chair in my backyard for the summer.

Grace, gracing and franking it for the better portion of the summer.

Yes, where we have talked about comics.

We watched the season finale of Loki together, which I think we both loved.

Yes, it was it was fantastic.

I got a little projector out there in, I guess in your honor or in Loki's honor.

I'm not quite sure.

But in one of you guys's honor and we.

I'll allow it.

We projected it up on that screen, watched it and we've been having a great summertime series out there.

And now summer is coming to a close.

I mean, Labor Day is sort of the unofficial end of the summer.

I had to stop wearing my all white tuxedo afterwards.

Yeah, for when you go 10 for you don't want to leave any stains.

Yeah, exactly.

But are you sad to see summer go?

Look, I got to admit, this is what it's come to.

I have nothing left to talk to you about.

I'm talking about the season.

We're talking about the weather.

This is not the weather technically.

There's much else we could be talking about.

There's so much else we could be talking about.

But yes, I am.

Summer your favorite.

Here's what I'll say.

California, because it's still hot for so much of the fall, it doesn't feel like summer's over.

It never does.

It always feels like summer.

California is there is no seasonal change.

So time moves so fast and rapidly.

It is so unnerving that in that the fact that we are already at the end of September is frankly terrifying.

It was just, I mean, about nine, almost 10 months ago now when I saw you in Washington, D.C.

came out and we were having a really good time in early January.

Well, you were attending a Mr. Show reunion and I tagged along.

And it's almost the end of the year.

Can you believe?

If I'm not mistaken.

No, we're all getting up there.

And obviously we enjoy getting up there because the alternative would be we stop and we don't want to do that prematurely, but we are getting up there and you are no exception to that rule.

I mean, you are approaching, aren't you approaching your sixth decade of life?

I am.

Yes, I will be 49 this December.

Yeah.

So I am, if I'm lucky, I'm middle aged.

I am if I'm lucky.

Well, how do you think you'll get?

Do you think you'll get there?

Where Wilford Brimley is?

Wilford Brimley, who am I talking about?

I'm talking about the guy who says how old you are on the Today Show.

That's not Wilford Brimley.

Oh, no, no.

Willard Scott.

Who just died?

He just died last week.

Wilford Brimley should take his goddamn place.

Wilford Brimley died like 11 years ago.

Oh shit.

Well, Tony, the tiger is available.

We know that.

I mean, we can maybe get Wilford the talking dog from the Elijah Woodshow on FX.

Yeah, maybe.

I don't know if we're going to get- Tony the tiger out there going, Jason Menzukas.

He's 100.

He should replaced Don Pardo on an SNL.

There you go.

Welcome.

She's great.

Exactly.

Right?

Yeah.

I mean, come on.

Come on.

Let Tony the tiger do it at least once.

Give Tony the tiger the job.

Tony, the tiger has a no.

In California, you just had their recall election.

We should do a recall election on what's his name over at SNL.

And get Tony the tiger in there.

Oh, oh, oh.

Who does it now?

Actually, it's- It's Daryl Hammond.

Oh, oh.

We should get a petition signed where we can recall him and have a- You want to re-call Daryl Hammond?

Yeah, but we recall him and put Tony the tiger in there.

Listen, I love just- I love the concept of recalling people and I think we should just start applying it writ large to everybody.

Yes.

Well, at least the TV shows and movies.

Yeah, and people who are in positions of power, you know?

Yes.

Like, I think, you know, I think if the audience demands it, like you should be able to be recalled as the host of comedy- Oh, wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

I didn't think this through.

Never mind.

I think if enough people signed the petition, you could be recalled or some sort of like- Do you think if that had existed in the early days of comedy death-ray radio, how many episodes would I have lasted?

Oh, wow.

Now, when it was on terrestrial radio, that was like the first time I came on.

Was that radio station?

Yeah, probably.

Probably five or six episodes before you were fully recalled.

Well, total recall, of course, has been remade as a movie, one remake as of now.

And these are the types of films, Jason, that you deal with on your own podcast.

How did this get- Total recall would never be on part of this get made because total recall is an incredible Paul Verhoeven movie.

It would never- The remake.

The remake, bro.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

You know what?

That's a good point because I didn't even watch the remake.

Is it terrible?

I don't think- Is it like fun?

Is it- You didn't watch it.

You know what?

I don't think I've watched it.

I think that's going on the list for my upcoming podcast.

Scott hasn't seen with Sprague the Whisper and myself talking about movies that I have not seen, which you have to cast on.

Wait, is that really gonna- Oh, I would love to.

Yes.

What's a movie you'd like to talk about?

I wonder if there's a movie we both haven't seen that we could find to talk about.

I'll send you the list.

I'd love to have you on it.

Because that would be cool if it was you and me were in the dark, but I'm assuming Sprague has seen the ideas- Sprague has seen most of the movies that we talk about.

You have not.

We have not hit on one that Sprague has not seen as of yet.

We've taped a bunch of the episodes in advance of this Friday's first episode, and we have not found one yet that he has not seen.

But I have not seen weird ones like Ghost and Dirty Dancing and Top Gun and all sorts of stuff like that.

Whoa, you haven't seen Top Gun?

I've never seen Top Gun.

Okay.

Can I tell you something and I mean this- Is this an honest question?

Please.

It's not a question.

This is a request, please.

Okay.

If you haven't already watched the Val Kilmer documentary, this is for everybody, the Val Kilmer documentary that just came out, I think, on maybe Amazon Prime, or I'm not sure where it's out, but it's out streaming.

It's very good.

And subsequent to watching the Val Kilmer documentary, I've also now watched Top Gun twice, Real Genius, Heat, and Todgrooper, all of which are incredible.

One of the great actors, Top Secret, of course, is one of my favorites.

Top Secret is so good.

But Magrooper is maybe one of the funniest movies of the last 20 years.

It truly has.

People haven't watched it.

It's like, it is such an incredibly funny movie.

So many of its jokes have been stolen and used in other people's movies and TV shows in such a few years.

And you're the one who stole them.

I'm still all of them.

I steal all of the jokes.

And it's weird you do Brooklyn Nine-Nine and Andy was part of the Magrooper just tangentially.

Yeah, one of my taglines.

One of my taglines for Adrian Pimento and Brooklyn Nine-Nine is I just go, Magrooper!

It makes no sense, but you know what?

I put it in there.

Anyway, so I've watched Top Gun twice and I also watched it earlier in the pandemic because I watched all of the Tony Scott movies.

Oh my God.

What about that one on a train?

It's great.

The train one?

With Denzel with Denzel and Chris Pine, Unstoppable.

It's fantastic.

I watched the, I haven't seen it.

I've only watched the last 20 minutes of it because it came on cable and just the amount of movement around these two guys just sitting there with the camera.

You guys sitting inside of a train compartment, Denzel does 95% of his performance sitting on a stool in a train car.

It's the actor's dream.

It's, and it's like a thriller.

The one crazy.

The one knock on it is that he wasn't able to film it at his house just sitting up in bed.

But yet he had to just sit on it.

It's still an incredible, because Tony Scott is so good at creating tension and momentum and it's still a very good movie.

But Top Gun, incredible watch.

I've not seen it.

I will.

That's on the list.

We're hoping.

I will.

I'll join for that if we can't find one because I've seen all the ones you've mentioned.

That'll be coming up next year when the new one comes out.

So I'd love to get you on before then.

So I'll send you a list that of course starting this Friday with Space Jam.

Space Jam will be the first movie that we've come up with.

We did that for how did this get made?

We recorded it in Chicago at the Chicago Theatre.

Obviously a Michael Jordan hometown.

So a big Space Jam, a big Space Jam fan base here.

When so people in Chicago are big Space Jam fans just because they like Michael Jordan.

They were so angry that we were doing Space Jam because they were like, are you kidding?

This is a great movie.

And that's a movie I had never seen.

So I watched that movie and I was like, I have an update.

This is terrible.

No spoilers for our first episode of Scott has to do this Friday.

Spoiler, it's bad.

It's really bad.

It's real bad.

It like is Wowser's bad.

I would love to see you in the new Space Jam like whatever the third one would be.

I would love to see it starring Jason and Zukas.

Okay, sure.

I mean, I've seen the second one.

Yeah, you could play basketball or you could do whatever you want in it.

What would you do?

Would you be playing basketball?

No, because I can't play basketball.

Oh man, I mean if the joke was I'm bad at basketball and then I get like zapped into being like a monster who's going to pass us on.

Tony Scott, I know he's not with us anymore.

Tony Scott calls her up and he goes, Jason.

But Tony the Tiger is.

Tony the Tiger.

Okay, this is even better.

Tony the Tiger has the exact same filmography as Tony Scott in this alternate universe.

Great.

It's really great.

So he's great.

He's done it.

He ends every take by saying cut.

Great.

Tony the Tiger calls you up and says, Jason and Zukas, I'm making a basketball film about the world's greatest basketball player.

And I think you're the only person who can be in this.

And I need you to start shooting in six weeks.

Do you say yes?

Do you say, you know what?

I can't play basketball.

It's got to be a joke.

Do you train?

First of all, I'm like triple T.

Listen, thank you for believing in me.

First and foremost, thank you for believing me.

I'm a huge fan of your work.

I think you're great.

And then he says to you like I'm getting a little tired of people saying that.

To me all the time.

Is that the way you're going to be on set or?

And I would be like, oh no, message received.

I will not do that anymore.

You're great.

But.

Wait, what did you just say?

Under your breath?

No, no, no.

Anyway, so I would enter in.

I would I would I would enter myself into some sort of basketball camp.

I would for a year train as hard as I could to be as good as possible at basketball.

Wait, when you say enter yourself.

Yes.

Do you just mean you're going to go to it?

Like or do you have to actually enter a contest or win a spot in a.

Yeah, basketball camp.

No, I would enter.

I would enter.

I would try and enter a contest to get onto.

You know what?

I would try and do my best to get into the NBA.

I would probably try and get into the NBA.

Okay.

You know, all right.

Yeah.

Or maybe I'd go to like maybe I'd start it.

Maybe you know what?

Maybe I would go to a college and try and get on the.

You try to play some college ball first.

I'd probably try and get on to Duke basketball.

You know, I understand.

So you so you would you would agree to do the role?

What happens the first day when they see that you can't play basketball?

Did you ever play basketball?

I know I was I never played.

I had to teach myself how to shoot three pointers for a certain episode of comedy bang bang that we did all in one shot.

Sure.

That culminated in me sinking a three pointer and I for four months any break I had I went out and started practicing like running up to the line and sinking three and I got to where it was like I would say 45% of the time I could sink it.

But great starting from zero.

Zero I felt great.

And so the day of shooting comes up and I'm like I'm feeling relatively confident but I have to do a you know five minute scene beforehand that leads up to which which you haven't been practicing that hard.

Not at all.

Yeah.

Just the basketball shot.

Yeah.

We did I think 11 takes before I finally sank it.

Oh well that's that's not bad.

And it was and and the arc of the basketball went out of frame up at the top of the the shot and I was like people are going to think that we can assume that you faked it.

We got to do it again.

I didn't get it again for another eight takes I believe and finally got it and we're like oh thank God it was all in frame everything good.

The show comes out and people are like huh I wonder how they faked that basketball shot.

Ahh.

All of that for nothing everyone just assumed I faked it.

All for not all for not because nobody assumes you could do it.

I played briefly basketball for the for the Greek.

The Harlem organization.

No for the Greek youth organization called Goya.

So it was like church league basketball for like little Greek kids.

I play for the Yiddish similar to Yiddish organization called Yoshanore.

The beef ball.

I don't think that's the Yiddish place.

Oh shit.

You played in the beef ball?

How has Yoshanore not sponsored a college bowl game called the B. Yoshanore a beef bowl.

Why it's just sitting there.

I mean it's right there.

Yoshanore probably because they're one of the grossest places to ever exist on.

Yeah.

No because it would be called it would be called are you going to tune in?

Going to the diarreable.

10-4 good buddy.

Hey Jason.

Hey Jason Manzukas is here.

It's always a thrill to have you on the show thrilling to have you as always.

Okay.

No need you to stay because we have a wonderful guest here.

Oh yeah.

On the show I mentioned it before he's a writer.

I believe you've met him before.

I think you've met him before Jason.

I've met him many times in fact.

You have.

Oh okay that's surprising to me.

I can't remember every episode we've ever done but I that's surprising that you've met him many times.

You've been on the same episode with him many times really.

Many many times yeah.

Okay that's surprising.

I barely remember having him on but he's a writer and author of notes.

He is a I wonder if he's right to me.

I think the reason that I remember him is because he's one of my favorite authors.

Oh yes really.

Who are your favorite authors?

Can you name any other author?

And I'm not talking about God with the Bible.

Oh then no.

Okay I didn't think so.

Okay you're just putting on errors here.

Yeah yeah yeah.

I'm putting on errors, errors Jordans.

That's how you pluralize Air Jordans.

There you go.

You do.

You put in on if you're putting on see I'm putting on I'm wearing Air Jordans and now I'm putting on another pair over them.

I have okay because I have two pairs of air's Jordans.

Yes so I have I have four pair of Air Jordans so I have errors Jordan so I have.

Four pair of.

I have a pair of nine and a half's that are on my feet and then I have a pair of fourteen and a half's that are going over those nine and a half's.

What is the title of this episode?

Is it four pair of air's or two pairs of air's?

I don't know we'll figure it out later.

We'll figure it out at the end.

But he is an author he's a poet he mainly writes poetry and I wonder if he writes anything other than poetry but we don't know maybe that'll be the first question I ask him.

He's always also a cowboy I guess he specializes in a certain kind of an offshoot of poetry called cowboy poetry is this ringing?

My I believe he's the poet laureate of the west.

I believe he was named the poet laureate of the west.

His name is poet laureate?

No I think he was named.

Oh okay because his name is something different I'm about to say I'm aware of.

I'm sure you can.

Okay yeah I want to make sure you weren't confused.

I'm also going to say that I'm a huge fan of his podcast.

Oh okay as am I and I think we have big news about that please welcome to my second favorite podcast that is about frontier a frontier TV show.

I don't know what that's referring to but I'm sure we'll get into it.

I'm going to get into it.

I'm going to bang bang if I'm ever in the mood for a podcast which is anytime cool that you only listen to your own show.

You know I love it.

You told me over the summer when we were hanging out in the backyard that the only way you can get hard is to your own voice.

No no no.

The only way I can hear my voice is by watching get hard.

Oh in show that makes more sense.

I have to watch get hard and test my own voice with the levels against that and then I can hear my own voice but he is I got to introduce this guy he's an incredible I was going to say performer but he's not really a performer as much as he is a writer.

Look let let us teary no further.

Let's just say this guy's name Dalton Wilcox is here hello.

Hot damn.

You say he forgot about that.

Yeah he does.

You mean hot damn or is it just the he had and then you added a hot damn.

I tell you what I'm glad you asked me it's he haul and then the hot damn is purely optional.

If you can do it sometimes and other times you don't have to do it but the he haul that should be considered compulsory.

Fantastic.

You understand.

Welcome to see you again Dalton.

Yeah great to be here.

You've been on this show before I'm reading and it's great to have you on.

I'll take your word for it.

Hey you've been insulted me a moment ago I heard you talking about maybe he doesn't only writes poems.

Jason why would you do that?

Oh no you're talking to me.

No he's talking to you.

Yeah I'm talking to you.

You say I don't know if he writes anything other than poems you're about to hear the title of both of my books here it comes.

You must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and other poems and observations humorous and otherwise from a life on the range.

So there's observations.

But there's also a third thing that you write which is titles.

Yeah titles that's true I wrote that title all by myself.

Some people say to me you must have had help it's so long.

I said a ghost writer and you don't want a ghost writer right.

I'd never have a ghost writer terrified of a ghost writer.

I mean if you if there was a ghost around Dalton I seem to remember you having a real problem with the things of supernatural nature Frankenstein's werewolves vampires I'm assuming ghosts falls into this category.

My friend it'd be more accurate to say that they have a problem with me because when I show up they've got a problem.

It'd mean that I'm going to kill them.

Oh thank you for explaining that.

So their problem is that you're going to kill them.

But before he said that I was like what kind of problem would they have?

What I mean is they've got a problem with me and they've got a problem with me and it's that I've got a problem with them.

Oh this is like a snake eating another snake that's eating its own tail at this point.

I've seen that many times.

Is that what you say to them right before you kill them?

I say to them man you've got a problem with me and particularly in that I have a problem with you and that's your problem.

How often do they reply with huh?

Oh all the time.

100% of the time.

110% 110.

Wait I got to tell you the title of my second book.

My follow up book to the book I just told you about was titled The Fast and the Furious Presents You Still Have to Buy Your Wife At least As Butts Jewelry As You Buy Your Horse And Even More Poems And Additional Observations Humorous And Otherwise From A Life Still Being Lived On The Range By Dalton Wilcox Who Also Wrote The Last Book By Dalton Wilcox How did you get The Fast and the Furious franchise to present that?

We've been talking on this show about like they had a perfect they started with Hobson Shaw presenting movies.

They had a perfect opportunity to present Fast 9 and then they didn't do it.

Fast and Furious did not present.

If then no it didn't.

No the Furious I don't know.

No they didn't need to because it's a mainline movie it is The Fast and Furious.

The only reason it's in front of Hobson Shaw is because Hobson Shaw isn't called Fast and Furious.

No I say the billboards wasn't it John Wick presents F9.

John Wick had nothing to do with.

Tick tock Mr. Wilcox.

And I think other movies should get into naming rights much like stadiums and stuff like that.

You know because like it's a perfect opportunity to hype your upcoming film.

John Wick 4.

Why aren't we going to see games at the Yoshinoya Beef Bowl Stadium?

Exactly.

That's a good question.

Nothing but Yoshinoya served.

I mean bowls of hot beef being walked up and down the aisles.

They should serve a hot beef injection.

That should be their next product don't you think?

Oh yeah.

How does it get delivered?

Big syringe up the butt.

Jesus Christ.

If you ingest something into your butt doesn't come out the other way.

Hey Scott this is not that kind of show.

Okay all right I'm sorry.

It's not that kind of show.

But back to my original question how did Fast and Furious get involved with you?

Well I called them up I just looked them up in the yellow pages.

Really?

Under Fast and Furious or under Diesel?

Come of him?

I tried looking them up under Fast and Furious I couldn't find them there.

I found them under Fast and Lube which was a I don't know it turned out to be a car some kind of a car outfit but I asked you if you Lube competitor I would think.

I think that must have been it.

I said hey do you mind if Fast and Furious presents my book and then fella said no it's fine with him.

So that's how it came to be.

Now I have since received numerous letters of this you know from lawyers and bullshit like that.

And I'm saying and I'm just writing back I say I fucking cleared this with Omar at Fast Lube.

You got an issue you take it up with him.

Is that what happened to Omar after the wire he went to go work for Fast Lube?

RIP Michael Kay?

Alright and that's very sad that's a very sad story.

It's a very sad one yeah of course yeah we we've been losing legends.

Him and Norm McDonald very sad.

Yeah you didn't have anything to do with that did you Dalton?

Oh look I usually wait a few months before I discuss anything like that.

Too soon at this point.

It's too soon for me to admit that Michael Kay Williams was a Frankenstein.

Oh wait a minute is that what the Kay was for that Kay in the middle of Frankenstein?

Yep the Kay stood for Ken Stein.

Because that's what Frank Ken Stein yeah.

Frank Ken K.

K. K. K. Stein.

Alright well we're going to move I don't want any details about that but maybe in a few months we can we can figure out because it's too soon.

Yeah I put a premier new poem today and and share some new videos with you.

Hey look very exciting well that's a great tease for because we need to take a break.

We can feel one coming on that's why I snuck in my jeez.

Yeah thank you so much.

Uh we're gonna we're gonna come back.

We have Jason Menzukas here we have Dalton Wilcox.

We have some dog who I guess has been hanging out with you Dalton.

I noticed this dog in the studio is this yours or?

I brought a couple of dogs with me.

I brought two dogs which are found on the street being walked along by some fellow on leashes.

And I just found them and they was uh they was strays that this guy had on uh leashes.

How are they okay never you know what that's another good tease I want to follow up about this.

You have some doggies with you we also have a small business owner.

It's great to rescue it's great to rescue a dog.

Owner of a little shop he'll be coming up in a second.

Look we're going to be right back with all of this and more all on today's no that was our old thing.

All coming up we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang we're back.

Jason Menzukas is here of the Marilyn Benzukas is is that right?

Me?

Wait do you not know where I'm from?

Massachusetts no the Massachusetts manzukas is I know it was a tongue twister yes.

No no no no the Massachusetts manzukas is Massachusetts manzukas is Massachusetts manzukas is Massachusetts manzukas is.

I'm ready to perform Hamilton I'm ready to perform Hamilton.

That's what they all say before Hamilton that's Lin-Manuel Miranda told me that.

Really?

Yeah he makes them say that instead of their normal warm-ups but he yeah.

That makes sense that makes sense why you insisted on us all saying we're ready to do comedy bang bang.

We're ready to do comedy bang bang.

We all met for every guest on this show we meet for warm-ups approximately 10 minutes before the episode.

Speaking of guests on the show we have another one or as DJ Khaled says another one.

That's a good Khaled right not really.

It's not really. No not at all. It's actually pretty terrible I mean major key alert it was bad.

He is an author he has a new poem to premiere he has two little doggies who have been out there in the city and on perhaps on the prairie with him.

Dalton Wilcox is here hello.

Yeah no I just found these dogs on my way here they were poor little dogs needed to rescue and they was they was strays out on their own.

I thought you said that they they had an owner or a we don't say an asteroid.

Well they have they have they certainly have collars on.

They do have collars they've got names and phone numbers on there and they were they were in the company of a stray man but I couldn't rescue him.

A stray man.

Well they did.

It was it was it was you checked it was a man it wasn't any kind of it wasn't uh Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde.
