♪♪♪ Cargo shorts, no no, cars go far stupid.

I don't know why I paused in the middle of it.

There's a Pinterest pause there in the middle of it, for those of you who have tread the boards.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Ochreman.

For another week, my name is Scott Ochreman.

I don't know what might change it next week, who knows.

But this week, it's Stain Scottiox.

And welcome, boy, we are in Octi Doggy, certainly today.

First week of Octi Doggy and a very exciting month.

I don't know, perhaps, the spookiest of months.

Oh, I don't know if I want to go that far.

I retract it.

I wanted to say, for those of you who are a little bit confused today, we've talked about it for the last couple of weeks, but I couldn't say exactly everything that we wanted to say.

But I did want to just have a note here about cbbworld.com, which is a lot of you may be tuning into this episode, and you're used to listening to the ad-free version.

That you paid for on Stitcher Premium, and you're wondering why you're hearing ads now?

Well, it's because the archives have all moved over to cbbworld.com.

That's where you can listen to the episodes ad-free, as well as all the past episodes, as well as all of our new content like Bananas for Bananza and CBB Presents, and also Scott hasn't seen a lot of new material coming out soon.

So that is, if there's any confusion about it, just head over to cbbworld.com, and everything will be answered over there, everything, including all the life's biggest questions.

We actually answered them over there, so head on over there, cbbworld.com.

We have a great show for you today.

Come able to later, we have a party planner.

We also have a man of the cloth, or a person of the cloth, who identifies as a man, we'll see.

We also have, oh, this is interesting, something that is extinct coming up a little later.

And perhaps we all will be extinct with what's going on in the news lately.

So we're in good company, in good company, great movie starring Tophra Grace, and that leads me to our first guest.

She is the star.

I'm going to just say the star of this ABC television show, co-star, certainly, but I'm pumping her up to star.

I would guess she is on the call sheet.

She is number...

God, she's either two or three, I bet.

We'll figure it out.

Looking like maybe no from the lookout on her face, but that's what I would sign her.

The show, of course, it's home economics, which is on ABC on Wednesday nights, and she has a new movie coming out on Disney Plus this Friday, called Muppets Haunted Mansion.

Of course, coming out this Friday on Disney Plus, I said both of those things already, she has her own podcast, Best Friends.

Please welcome back to the show, Sashir Zamata.

Hello!

Very difficult to say, show Sashir.

I know.

That's a good world, though.

The Sashir show.

That's easier for some reason.

Show's how it's harder the other way.

Sashir.

Yeah, I'd say my first name first.

Yes, Sashir show, easy.

Show's...

Show's Sashir.

Yeah, harder.

Yeah.

Welcome back to the show.

Thanks for having me.

I did it.

There you go.

Yes.

All right.

And a strong solid number five on the TV show.

Five on the call, see?

Now, how was that determined?

Because, of course, you got Tofre Grace.

The aforementioned Tofre Grace.

From that 70s show, as well as two episodes of the Comedy Bank television show, of course, he's going to be number one, right?

Yeah.

He's why the thing gets made, probably.

Yes, precisely.

Exactly.

So he's why the thing gets ordered.

Give number one.

I get it.

Yeah.

Maybe if I were hit, it might be like, give me number six.

I know, I'm Tofre Grace.

It's daunting when I walk in a room.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

Eighteen seasons on that 70s show, which is longer than the actual decade.

Yeah.

But, you know, I know it's intimidating when I walk in a room.

Give me number six.

Yeah.

I want to push you number six.

I mean, number five is a sweet spot.

Number five is a sweet spot, but I still, I think you deserve two.

That's really nice.

Thank you.

Who gets two?

Kayla McGee, who plays my wife, Sarah.

Kay.

Yeah.

From, from, she was on, she was on Bluff City.

She was on Mythic Quest.

Okay.

See, I see what happened here.

They give Tofre number one, and then they're like, roll the bones to see who gets three through six, right?

I don't actually know what goes into that, honestly.

That's probably what happened.

They just were like, okay, Tofre's.

Is this whoever?

But I think you being on SNL bumps you to number two.

I don't know.

Maybe it's whoever got there first.

I'm always late to work, so maybe they're like, you were the last one to park your car.

That could be it.

So you're number five.

And Tofre's always there three hours early.

He really is.

He's the first one there, and he's the last one to leave.

Always, always.

That's his dedication.

Yeah.

I found that to be true on the Comedy of Bang, Bang TV show.

Oh, yeah?

Yeah.

He was only in two scenes over two separate seasons, but he was here every single day.

Just to make sure.

Yeah, just to watch over.

QC.

Yeah.

They call him QC Tofre.

Welcome back to the show.

And of course, Jimmy...

T-T-T-T-T.

Yes.

You know him from 22 Jump Street, of course.

Maybe he gets...

Handel.

Maybe he gets number two, and you get three.

I don't know.

You're both fighting over the bone that is two and three, but I...

But six.

But five.

You're in five.

Look, we can move on.

Let's get you a six.

I'm happy with...

If we're happy with what's going on, it's good.

Okay.

All right.

Home Economics says, of course, a show about a group of people who dance.

Is that what I'm getting from the promos?

Yeah.

They're a dance team?

Yeah.

I don't know how that can be more clear.

Yeah.

Our last promo that came out, we are dancing.

And I think the visual effects are so good.

It confuses people.

Right.

Because they got the...

Who are those people who wear the masks when they dance?

The Mamafooko?

No.

What are their names?

Hana?

Mumford and Sons.

Who are they?

The guys...

Who are they?

They were on the...

Chamba Womba?

The Jabber Walkies.

The Jabber Walkies, yes.

So the Jabber Walkies actually did the dancing in the promo, and they just CGI'd your faces onto it?

It wasn't the Jabber Walkies.

It was other breakdances.

I wish the Jabber Walkies were there.

We would be like, please just you dance.

We don't want to have our...

We don't disrespect you, but putting our faces on your bodies.

But we decided other people...

Wait, are you actually saying they did put your faces onto...

Yes.

So when Tofar's doing the spin and all that, that's not him?

It's not him.

What?

I actually think it was him.

I thought it was him.

That's how good the effects are.

I mean, I look.

I mean, he was always doing it on the set of the Comedy Baby TV show.

Those two...

That's what he did.

He was in that in the parking lot.

No, so...

Really?

This is...

Why did they spend so much money on this?

Who knows?

To really promote the show.

That's...

I mean, that's a sign of confidence, I guess.

Yeah.

I think this is actually also Tofar's idea, but it was like...

Because the show is moving from...

They call him the idea man.

He got...

He has so many ideas.

Yeah.

He's got a lot of nicknames.

QC Tofar, the idea man.

He's all over it.

That's 70s Tofe, some people call him.

That's what I call him, and he hates it.

But yeah, I guess to show that we're moving to a new time slot.

We're moving to 9.30 now on Wednesday.

Great way to show this.

Yeah.

Because I look at this and I go, if their bodies can move, certainly a television show can move.

Exactly.

People are going to make that connection in 30 seconds, and they're going to know exactly what the show is about.

But the show's not about dancing.

And by the way, who knew what your time slot was before?

I didn't even know what our time slot was before.

I was like, we're moving?

Confusing campaign, but I enjoyed it, and I was like, God, these guys can actually dance.

Yeah. Carla can, actually.

There's a move where she is doing a handstand, and she goes...

Who's Carla can?

Carla...

Carla Sousa.

Oh, okay.

She does a handstand, and she goes into a split, and that is her.

Okay, so maybe this is what fooled me, because I could tell that was definitely her.

Yeah, so it's confusing.

Took it as gospel that everyone else could do.

Everyone was doing it.

Yeah.

No, but then there was body doubles with our faces CGI'd onto them.

And you guys seem so excited.

I know we're talking about this commercial instead of the television show.

But you guys seem so excited when Tofar hit that pose at the end, and you're all like, yeah!

We're really good actors.

And I was like, damn, these guys really are supportive of QC Tof over here.

If he actually did it, we would be that excited, but it was just...

Wow.

Pretend.

Incredible.

And so how often do you play that commercial in the middle of your show, which would be like, hey, this is pretty cool.

We spend a lot of money on it.

It's more expensive than the actual show itself.

I know.

Let's just watch this for a while.

They'll probably run it for a while and on a lot of things.

Yeah.

I hope.

I believe I saw it on the Emmys.

Of course, television's biggest night, the Emmys.

Oh, nice.

Oh good.

That's where it should be.

Sure, on television's biggest night, of course.

Yes, absolutely.

Yeah.

Well, it's a wonderful spin-off of home improvement.

Or...

Exactly, yeah.

Great.

Tool time Taylor coming by at any point.

Yeah.

He came by that other show, met what was it, Man of the House?

What's that other show that Tim Allen does?

He did that...

Still standing?

No.

Whatever.

Whatever show he just...

Kevin can't wait.

What is it?

Heaven can wait.

Ice House, what did you say?

Last man's standing.

Yeah. Tim Tool time Taylor came by that show.

Oh.

Yeah.

He should come by other shows.

He should.

Why only be on his show?

And that's the thing I've always said, scooby-doo.

He's so great.

Yeah.

Why is he only on scooby-doo?

That's a really good question.

So, what was in every universe?

Yeah, exactly.

Well, it's a wonderful show, of course, on...

You know what people what it actually is about?

If I had to guess...

And I'm merely speculating at this point.

Okay.

I would say it's probably based upon the creator's real life experiences of being inside a family where he and his siblings all made different amounts of money.

And so that there's three siblings.

One is very well off.

One is middle class, but sort of struggling.

And one is barely hanging on.

Is that sort of what it is?

Yeah, that's a really good guess.

I mean, I saw that commercial where you were dancing.

And you've got all that?

Wow.

I'm so glad.

Yeah, that's exactly right.

Okay.

And you play one of the siblings' wife?

Yes.

I play the sister who was the Brochus.

I play her wife.

So we're like...

The one broke girl.

The one.

Which was the alternate title.

Yeah.

By the way, when my wife Koolop, maybe you know her, she...

Right.

When we made the show, The Jillian Dollar Properties, which had a lot of great people on it.

The original title, because it was originally about two women brokers, it was two broker girls.

That's funny.

And we couldn't get the right.

Oh no.

Anyway, but...

So you play the wife of the really super broke one.

And how is that...

How does it feel to play a poor person?

I've had experience, so didn't have to dig deep.

But we're like the two do-gooders.

I'm a teacher.

She is a psychologist for at-risk youth.

So it's...

They kind of like...

You're talking about these people like they're real right now.

Oh.

Which is kind of confusing to me.

These are our characters.

They should be more like we're partying.

I've been for a minute.

You were fooling me.

Like you were talking about some really interesting people.

They are interesting people.

That's why I just watched.

I'm sure they're interesting for fake TV people.

That's not a joke here, but these characters.

You really care about these two.

That's my friend job.

I got to care.

Could you...

How deep do you go into character work?

Could you tell me everything about like where they grew up?

What schools they went to?

Do you do all that kind of work?

I do not.

No.

What do you do?

You show up and say, These are my lines.

All right.

Two minutes before you say them.

What is it?

Where in between are you?

Um...

I do think about the character.

I do.

All right. So closer to the ladder.

I think about it on the drive to work.

You're like, this person's pretty cool.

Yeah.

Psychologist or no.

Wait, that's my wife.

Yeah.

Never mind.

I'll figure out when I get there.

The words are on the page.

Well, look.

It's a great show.

Of course, we all know the old time slot, but it's in a new one.

You figured out.

And Muppets on it mansion is coming out this Friday.

And that's a very...

Listen to this cast.

We have Bill Beretta, Dave Goals, Eric Jacobson, Peter Linz, David Rudman, and Matt Vogel.

Wow.

They're top lining this film.

All the greats.

They had just assemble us all.

The true Avengers of Muppets.

Incredible.

Production company from up at studio, of course.

And this is one of Ed Asner's final works before he passed away.

From natural causes, says the Wikipedia page, as if like they're worried that the Muppets Haunted Mansion movie frightened him to death.

Or he was murdered.

They were really getting it in there.

Don't worry.

It was natural.

It wasn't us.

Ah boy, but Ed Asner, did you work with him?

Or did you do this at home?

Yeah.

No, I did it in a studio.

We did.

Oh great.

Yeah, it was really cool.

I didn't get to meet all of the Muppets, but I got to see some of them from afar.

From afar, which one did you see from afar?

Snuppelupagus probably looks like a regular Muppet from afar.

Oh, that would be very far.

That had to be very far.

Yeah.

I was in the same room, but they were like, I saw Gonzo performing, and that's like, I think the last remaining Muppet performer.

Oh, of the original.

Yes.

Okay.

Who is that?

Is that Peter Lynn's?

I don't.

I don't know.

So when you saw them performing, were they doing the Muppet, or were they just doing the voice?

Both.

Oh, okay.

Because this is a live action movie?

It's a live action movie, yeah.

Okay.

And what do you play?

Do you play the person who says, there's always my way out, and then the lightning crashes, and then you look up, and they're hanging from a rope.

Oh my god.

You've been to the Haunted Mansion, right?

Yeah, yeah.

So cool.

I play Mary, in the cemetery.

I'm a writer.

Mary the cemetery.

Yeah.

Sem- Sem- Mary.

Sem- Mary.

Coming up, but later we have somebody who went to seminary.

Oh.

I believe.

Man of the cloth will be here.

So you play Mary who's in the cemetery, and the Muppets, well, let's take a look at this plot, because it looks to be a one-sentence plot here on the Wikipedia page.

Having survived every one of his Daredevil performances, Gonzo, oh, the lead, Gonzo.

Gonzo takes on his biggest challenge yet, at the Haunted Mansion, where he must spend one night there.

Okay.

Pretty sweet.

He must do this.

He must.

He must do this.

Yeah.

He's tasked to do this.

Are you a ghost in this thing?

I'm a guest.

You're a ghost.

Yeah, I'm a ghost.

And it's like a fun song in the cemetery that I'm part of, and yeah.

Is it new music or is it the music?

New music.

New music, okay.

So who did the soundtrack for this?

I don't know.

Okay.

Let's take a look at this.

Who do we have?

Music by Ed Mitchell and Steve Morel.

There we go.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Wonderful.

And, so many great guest stars in this.

You have Jeannie Mai, of course, from Holy Moly, and Alfonso Ribiero from Fresh Prince.

Yvette Nicole Brown, of course, Danny Trejo.

Machette himself.

And Taraji P. Henson, of course, Darren Chris Will Arnett has the ghost host.

Okay.

He's the guy who says there's always my way out.

Probably.

Yeah.

He must say that.

And then, of course, Ed Asner, who was not murdered on the set of this film.

Yeah.

Okay.

Wonderful.

And that comes out this Friday.

Have you seen it?

I haven't seen it yet.

Okay.

I'm excited too.

What do you do in the film?

You're cemetery Mary, and you're in charge of the cemetery, or you live there?

No, I'm just like part of the song.

I'm just like one of the ghosts that are there.

Okay.

Yeah.

Great.

And are you transparent?

Yeah.

Not like the show transparent, which is about a transparent.

I was on that.

It's a, it's a, so you date film desk, and then they do some sort of technology to make us a little transparent, and we look like ghosts.

Thanks for that explanation.

I appreciate that.

I think it's probably the same technology as for the promo that we did for Homeout Canal.

Already.

What did it surprise you if you had tuned into that promo for Home Economics, and suddenly you guys were like transparent, like ghosts.

You're like, well, wait, what is this?

This is a part of me.

No one would have any clue what the show was about.

They're like, see the show moves like these dancers, but it's also a ghost like these people.

People are like, I don't know what it is, but I have to tune in to figure out.

Incredible.

Well, this is too, I mean, this is the week, right?

This is your, this is the week of Sashir.

Yeah.

This is incredible.

This is it.

Everyone, you're having a moment this week.

Hey, it feels like it's my year.

Really 2021?

It is a good year.

This has been a good year for you.

Tell us what's been going on.

Yeah, still shooting Home Economics, a shot woke season two in Atlanta, and that was fine.

I'm not exactly sure when that comes out.

I think either ended this year, early next year.

Okay.

But I bought a house.

You bought a house?

What's the address?

No, no, no, no.

No.

Give me a square block at least.

Mm.

Damn.

Um, state, California?

I am in California.

Yes.

Okay.

Could be anywhere though, as far as we know.

Napa, Redwood?

Yeah.

Tell me a long time to get here, honestly.

Really?

Yeah.

Three days?

Yeah, two.

And that, yeah, I walked.

Um, yeah, but yeah, I've been having...

If you could walk to the Grand Canyon, would you?

No, I don't think I would.

Why not?

I don't know.

There's a ton of sites on long the way, you know?

Okay.

The Grand Canyon is definitely a good destination.

But I'm saying you get...

Okay, in this situation, you can't drive there.

You're not allowed to drive there.

The only way to get there is to walk.

Yeah, I don't think I'm dying to see the Grand Canyon so much that I need to walk there.

I don't know.

I can wait till I need to get a car, whatever the situation is where I can drive again.

You're not allowed by the state to drive.

Anywhere.

Or just the Grand Canyon.

Anywhere.

You've had a horrible drunk driving accident.

Oh, shit.

Oh, I see, okay.

Okay.

And the person that you love the most is waiting at the Grand Canyon and it only has a month to live.

Do you walk there?

Can I fly?

Yes.

I can take a plane.

Yes.

I'll fly to a plane.

Oh, okay.

Well, this makes more sense.

And maybe take a lift to where the closest location to get to the Grand Canyon.

All right, well, Sashir Samadha is here.

She'd take a lift or a plane or a helicopter, perhaps to the Grand Canyon.

If someone I love is there, if someone she loves is there, she will be there, although she has been in a horrible, horrible accident.

Responsible for the deaths of many.

But not Ed Asner.

No, but not Ed Asner.

No, certainly not.

We want to make that clear.

Ed Asner.

When he left that set, he was still alive and kicking.

No Muppet was harmed.

Nor were no animals were harmed.

Nor no Ed Asner.

No heads were harmed in the making of this film.

Well, fantastic.

Muppets, haunted mansion comes out this Friday.

And of course, home economics is on Wednesdays.

We have to get to our next guest, if that's all right.

Are you ready for someone to talk to someone else other than me?

That sounds like a relief, doesn't it?

She's a party planner.

This is exciting.

Are you having any parties coming up in your new home?

Perhaps a housewarming?

You know, maybe a Halloween party or something.

Halloween party?

Yeah.

What would you like to be for Halloween?

I haven't even thought about it.

I mean, you're a ghost in this movie.

Yeah, I can't do that.

Did you get to keep the costume?

No, I wish.

It did look really cool.

What is it?

Is it like the haunted mansion dresses?

It's a huge new Orleans kind of, yeah.

Oh, wow.

That's too bad.

I know.

That would have been nice.

Maybe a witch.

I like witches.

You like witches?

What do you like about witches?

I just like that they're kind of, well, I like that they're usually women who are...

I believe they would be a warlock where they'd be a man.

So yeah, they are usually women.

Yeah, usually women.

100% of the time, I would say.

And pretty powerful.

Pretty powerful.

But like what...

Depending on what you are.

Right, but compared to like the incredible Hulk?

Well, I mean, Scarlet Witch, probably one of the most powerful, for all characters.

Probably she could probably turn the incredible Hulk into like a little mouse.

Yeah.

But then, you know, what if she turned him into an elephant?

But why would she do that?

I don't know.

She's crazy.

Did you see that show?

She's nuts in the head.

She's not nuts, she's grieving.

Well, not everyone who's grieving goes crazy and enslaves a whole town.

Okay, yeah, she had a moment.

She had a little moment.

A moment.

A little misted.

There were a lot of people.

She enslaved some people, yes.

But then she let them go.

Okay, I don't know.

I don't know if I relate.

But well, let's talk to this party planner about your party because this sounds really good.

She's a party planner.

Please welcome to the show Harper El Cosmopolitan.

Hi.

Hi, Harper.

Thank you guys so much for having me on.

It's our pleasure.

I mean, you should be thanking me, not you guys, because Sashir didn't have any say yet.

Thank you so much, Sashir, for having me.

He did run above me.

I'm...

Thank you so much.

I deserve 100% of the thanks for this.

Again, thank you, Sashir.

No problem.

So appreciate it.

My pleasure.

Harper, welcome.

Hi, thank you.

So, yes.

I am a party planner, but I have sort of started to specialize in one thing specifically.

And that is proposal plan.

Why did you want me to introduce you as a party planner?

Because, well, I used to do a lot more different types of parties.

I used to do gender reveal parties primarily.

Oh, really?

But now...

Well, you weren't a part of that one that caused a fire.

Yeah.

I've been a part of the lot of ones that have caused issues, not fires, but...

Okay.

So what was happening was I was making different like pies and cakes and, you know, sometimes chips and dips and things like that.

And...

You were making chips and dips.

From scratch?

Like you're a Mexican restaurant.

Yes.

And then the soon-to-be mommy and daddy would shoot their guns at them.

And they would explode and, you know, we would know if it was going to be a boy or a girl.

But what I was doing, which I didn't realize at the time was that I was making pipe bombs, basically.

Oh, wow.

And so the chips?

I was building them just to make sure that the color would explode and baking them into the dips.

Oh, wow.

Into the dips.

You're baking pipe bombs into the dips to make sure that there would be a big explosion, a colorful explosion.

Most recently, I was doing like a bean dip.

Bean dip, by the way, hasn't been on the show in a minute.

That is explosive.

And then it was topped with a case though, a ranch.

And inside was a pipe bomb that exploded.

Hold on, hold on.

You made bean dip.

And it was topped with a case of ranch?

That's what you have a problem with.

I came not the pipe bomb that's in there.

Well, I'm just saying like I'm imagining a tiny bowl of ranch or a tiny bowl of bean dip and then a case of like bottles of ranch dressing.

I ordered about 500 bottles of ranch so it came in a case.

Okay.

And then I- 500 to a case.

These are either small bottles for a huge case.

I got it from a friend who works at TGI Fridays.

They just asked where they get their ranch.

Oh, okay.

That makes sense.

And so anyway, what ended up happening was that the pipe bomb exploded and it killed all of the cats in the neighborhood.

Oh no.

They're dead.

Just the cats?

Just cats.

And- Can I ask why just the cats and not why any people?

Were they attuned to a certain frequency that makes cats explode or- There was just a little colony that had been living there.

Oh no.

And they lived in this beautiful mansion and they were all out on the porch watching the gender reveal party.

And- They'd been kicked out of the party.

No, the house belongs to them.

The house belongs to the cats?

Yes.

This is such a strange story.

I'm trying to understand it.

It is in Washington state.

I have that clarified.

Oh, and someone had left there in their will- A big beautiful mansion to their cats.

Yes.

And so the cats owned the house.

Yes.

And then who was having the gender reveal party?

The neighbors.

The human neighbors.

And the cats allowed them to come over to their house because it was bigger than their place.

The cats are just the neighbors they were watching from their porch.

I don't know why this is so confusing.

I'm sorry, the cats are the neighbors.

The cats own their own mansion.

Yes.

Which was next door to the gender reveal party.

Exactly.

So- I get it.

But this wasn't the first time that I had killed cats with from the gender reveal party.

So- Just- I've killed other cats from the pipe bomb.

Oh.

Yeah.

What happened in other- It just- All coincidences, these cats happen to be there.

And- Because they're curious.

Who does the cats leave the mansion to?

The cats were left the mansion.

Yeah, but they died.

So who gets the mansion now?

Well, I'm sure- Is it over grounds?

Because I have.

I'm sure that's in the courts.

Okay.

Anyway, that's not what I do anymore, you know.

Tell me about the other cats though.

I'm sorry to dredge these feelings up, but- Okay, fine.

I had built a pie out of cherries and topped with a chocolate.

Um, fondue.

So wait, you built a pie.

It wasn't a cherry pie.

It was a pie built out of cherries.

Yes, and inside.

So the crust was made of cherries.

And inside was a chocolate fondue.

And they're- Okay, so the chocolate pie made out of cherries.

Yes.

And no, no, it was a cherry pie with the chocolate filling.

And inside the filling was a pipe bomb that I had built.

Right.

And it was supposed to announce that it was going to be a baby girl.

And instead- How does a pipe bomb do that, or meaning the- When it exploded, the color of brown would be representative of it was a baby.

How does the gender reveal part of it?

Well, the inside the pipe bomb is the confetti.

I see, I see.

So it didn't really matter what the filling was.

The filling's just a tasty treat.

I see.

So people would get the filling splashed upon them.

Yes.

Go, mmm, oh, and look, it's blue confetti.

And then there would be shrapnel, which is ended up being- What killed the cats?

Oh, but none of the people.

No, no, thank God.

Except for my husband.

Oh, god, I'm so sorry.

You're a widow?

I am, yeah.

Oh, no.

I killed him, so I don't know if he's still calling me a widow.

Oh, no.

Yeah, you're a murderous, certainly.

Well, I mean, involuntary manslaughter- Yes.

Right.

Okay.

So- This is tough.

So how long ago does it- Did what I'm trying to say?

I'm not good with death here.

Obviously, because I'm struggling with what to say.

I mean, look at how- I'm sorry.

I mean, you know, Sashir played a ghost.

Sashir, thank you again for having me on.

I'm so sorry.

I didn't mean to bring it down.

Yeah, and I know it was going to be this.

Yeah.

Maybe you would have said- Said what?

Plan my party.

Got some people to knock out.

So, well, the reason that I actually got into my new job, which is proposal planning was because of the incident when my late husband proposed to me.

And I thought I would honor him by continuing- What happened?

There was an incident when he proposed to you.

He inspired my work.

Basically, what happened was I was in the hospital.

For something else?

For something else.

I was getting an ovarian system removed.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Was it removed successfully?

It was.

The thing is, is when they removed it, it looked like Sarah Jessica Barker.

Really?

And what from the side or profile or- Just the whole thing that looked like her head?

A whole body?

Her head.

Like her- Oh, just her head.

Just her head.

So, the frizzy kind of hair, is it like from Sex and the City era?

Yes.

Exactly.

Carrie Bradshaw.

Carrie- Oh, okay.

Early Carrie Bradshaw.

Okay.

So, before things started drooping- Oh my God.

No comment.

And anyway, what happened was that all these doctors came- were in the room because they really wanted to see this kind of miraculous system.

Assist.

Yeah.

I can only imagine, I mean, religions are started because of this type of thing.

Right.

Yeah.

Like that towel that has Jesus' shadow on it and everything, you know?

Yeah, or that- It wasn't there like a tortilla that looked like Jesus.

I think it was like toast.

Toast, yeah.

There was a tortilla though, I remember that had like the silhouette of Jesus on it.

The tortilla itself didn't look like Jesus.

Right.

The imprint on the tortilla.

Yeah.

The tortilla is pretty round, I would say.

I would say it looks like a normal tortilla.

Look more like one of those 76 balls, you know, the gas station balls.

Sure, yeah.

Okay.

A two-dimensional version.

If it were a three-dimensional, it would be spherical.

So a circle?

A circle.

Exactly.

Without the 76, I should say.

But with Jesus instead.

If you were driving down the street and you saw a 76 station, and it had Jesus' face on it instead of the 76, well, what do you think about that?

I don't think I would know it was a 76.

You'd probably think that you were- It was a church or something, right?

Yeah.

And you'd pull up hoping to pray or something, and instead they're like, hey, do you want this gas?

And said they'd be like, time to fill up.

I like you.

Harper.

Thank you so much.

Anyways, can I continue?

Well, yeah.

So you were in the hospital.

All these doctors are there.

The doctor, the room is full.

Let me set the scene.

The room is full.

The townspeople, everyone's trying to get in.

Townspeople.

Townspeople, trying to get in, see it.

The media is there.

When you say the media, what are we talking?

The old gray lady.

What?

The New York Times.

The local paper.

Local paper.

So it hadn't gotten national yet.

No, it was fresh news.

The United States of America today was not invited.

Exactly.

It was as fresh as that ovarian cyst.

Oh, wow.

And...

Oh, how long does that take though to grow?

It takes a long time.

Okay, so not that fresh.

It took a few years.

Okay.

But we're lucky that they removed it when they did.

And anyway, the doctor comes in and he says, to me, I'm sorry, but you're not going to make it.

Oh, no.

And I thought...

serves me right.

Sir, why would you think that?

For killing all those cats.

Oh, is this...

Oh, so you got married in between the cat incidents.

Yes, yes.

Oh, okay.

Before I killed my husband, yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

So before your second cat incident, the husband dying, he proposed to you.

Right.

You got this cyst in between these two things.

Yes.

And so...

And I said, serves me right.

And then he says, you're not going to make it without me.

And it was my...

husband, my future husband, proposing to me.

Your future and ex-husband as well.

Yes.

Who I later killed.

Yeah.

Proposing to you.

So the doctor says you're not going to make it.

He's in on it.

But the doctor was my husband.

He was wearing a mask.

Oh, what kind of mask?

Like a...

werewolf?

It's like a jabber walkie's kind of mask.

Yes.

You start popping and locking.

And...

He was wearing...

one of those...

He was wearing a doctor's mask.

Yeah.

Doctors mask.

The kind you find in a Halloween store.

Is that a prince song?

The kind we all wear now.

Yeah.

Oh, meaning a surgical...

Oh, okay.

I thought it was a doctor's mask.

It was a rubber mask of a doctor.

What the fuck?

No.

The kind that you'd find in a Scooby-Doo cartoon.

Yes.

So anyway, needless to say, it was a shock.

So did he take off his mask saying, in between, he said, you're not going to make it, take off the mask.

And he takes off the mask and then he entails me.

And he shows me the ring.

Shows you the ring.

And obviously, you know.

Down on one knee?

Best day of my life.

Yes.

Okay.

And then did a real doctor come in and tell you you were going to make it?

Or was that hanging over you?

Are you sewn up at this point?

Did they like close you up?

No, I was loose.

You had a loose cyst?

Wow.

Everything was still loose.

And thankfully, at that point, I think that's when the doctor came in, he started sewing me up.

Oh, okay.

Good.

And the doctor was like, hey, get out of here to the other guy?

Or...

No, he liked having the people there.

He liked putting on a show.

Oh.

He's one of those guys.

Okay.

Yeah.

So anyway, that's what inspired me to get into the work that I do now.

Which is proposals.

I help men plan proposals.

Men plan proposals.

And you help them.

Okay. So I want to dig in on this a little bit, but we have to take a break.

Is that okay?

I'd love to.

So sure.

Is this okay?

I'll allow it.

Yeah.

This is fine.

Thank you so much.

But watch myself, Counselor.

Yeah.

Okay.

More fun.

You'll have one more time.

Okay.

That works out, actually.

All right.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to be talking to Harper Elle Cosmopolitan about her new business.

Do you have, is this said at the Haunted Mansion, the ride or the Haunted Mansion, the Haunted Mansion?

Do you know what I mean?

The distinction between the two?

Like are there people going through the mansion all the time?

Like on the ride?

No.

This is...

That would not be hard to spend one night in that place.

This is in a world where there is a mansion that is haunted.

Okay.

Does Disneyland not exist in this world?

Or does Disneyland exist?

But there's like a hole in the ground where the Haunted Mansion is because that doesn't exist.

Wow.

I don't know.

Can you please call perhaps one of the stars of this film such as Bill Beretta or Dave Golds and get these answers for us because...

I don't know if I'm allowed to even talk to them.

Do you think there's any kind of dialogue where they're like, boy, I wish a place like Disneyland existed.

Maybe.

I mean, Disney's always trying to sell more Disney stuff.

That's true.

That's a good point.

Do you have any toys?

Disney toys?

No, just toys.

Do you own any toys?

This is an off-mic conversation.

I want to ask you about this later.

We have to get back to our other guests.

Harper Elcosmopolitan.

She has a new business where she helps men plan proposals.

Right.

Yes.

Hi.

So thank you again, Sushir.

Oh, of course.

So basically my new business, like I said, I help men propose to women because I know a lot...

Only men and women.

Interesting.

It's not that I am against helping others.

It's just that men come to me because I understand women in the way that no one else can understand.

I see.

So if a man wanted to propose to another man, that you wouldn't know what to do.

They're welcome to come to me.

I just...

I'm saying so far...

You would...

But you'd be like, I don't know what to do for you.

You're welcome to come, but I have no idea.

Well, I would probably give them the same kind of tips I give.

Okay.

Interesting.

What are these tips?

So you do give tips.

I have other guests who don't give tips.

So you do give tips.

Well, these are just some suggestions.

Oh, okay.

They're not too.

Helpful hints.

So basically, you know, I always tell the guys that I'm working with.

This is the day that a woman that's going to remember for the rest of her life.

There's nothing in a woman's life that will ever be as big as this.

Really?

Not even the wedding itself, not the...

Her childbirth or...

Yeah.

No, career, no.

Not even the premiere of season two.

That was big for me.

What was it called?

Homie, get out of it!

No.

I want to say home improvement.

I want to say home for the holidays, but it's home economics.

Yeah.

It's...

A proposal would be bigger than that.

I'm sorry to say.

So it is the biggest day in a woman's life, because think about it.

Think about when you go out in the world.

Nobody says, what was it like giving birth or what is your job?

Everyone's always asking, what?

No one's ever asked, what is your job?

What was it like when he popped the question?

Yeah.

And so what I do is I say to the guy, I say, okay, tell me everything about her and he might say, you know, she likes water bottles when she likes...

Would you say water bottles?

Water bottles when she likes.

That's like characteristics that some people have.

They like water bottles.

Right.

Yeah.

Or she likes...

Just looking around the room right now.

How are you usual suspecting this?

She likes microphones.

She likes masks.

She likes tote bags.

She likes highlighters, right?

And I'll say, okay, we're going to take all of that and we're going to throw it in the trash, because it doesn't matter.

Oh, oh.

What matters is putting on a show, really shocking her.

Maybe even scaring her a little bit.

Oh, well, scaring.

Well, this is a perfect month to talk about this.

This is probably one of the spookiest months that exists October, of course.

For sure.

So when you say scaring her, what do you mean by that?

Well, I'll tell you about one of my most recent clients, I guess.

I worked with him because he...

It wasn't Ed Asner, was it?

Because we want to make sure you did not frighten him to death.

Not that I know of, because...

Okay.

No, not that I know.

Unless one of these things happened in a public place, where he happened to be passing through.

He happened to be...

Exactly.

And I don't know that that's true, but...

Okay.

Because he's a national treasure.

Lou Grant, other roles.

So he didn't die and set.

Okay.

Apparently not.

As far as we know.

As far, I mean, anyone can edit these Wikipedia pages though.

So I don't know.

I don't know if I'm hitting it on the day where they're like, Oh, better clean this one up.

So, okay.

So one of my most recent clients, he was...

He told me that his girlfriend was graduating from medical school.

And so what we did was she was graduating.

She's up on stage.

She's getting her diploma.

And she gets up on stage and the teen says, I'm sorry, no.

You're not gonna graduate today.

Whoa.

And she says...

A nightmare.

What?

And he says, no, you're not gonna be a doctor today.

Today.

Or ever.

Are they allowed to say that?

She starts bawling her eyes out.

I can only imagine this is a terrible, terrible dream.

Through the crowd.

Wait, wait, wait.

So, okay.

I thought it was gonna be the actual Dean who was gonna take off his Dean's mask.

But no, through the crowd, you hear a wait, wait, wait, wait.

Through the crowd.

Wait, wait, wait.

There's her husband, Chase.

Chase.

Chase Bank.

Great name.

My client.

And he says, you can play doctor with me forever.

Gets down on me.

And has the ring.

So she actually won't be a doctor.

She didn't get it.

No, she won't.

She didn't get it.

She's okay.

So wait, the Dean was not in on it.

He's just saying she's not gonna get it.

Chase, thanks, talked to him and they figured it all out.

And so, he stopped her degree.

And she said, I'm gonna remember this day for the rest of my life.

I can only imagine.

My gosh.

That was one client of mine.

Chase Bank.

I had it.

That was one of your most recent, you said.

One of my most recent.

Not the most recent.

No, I have another one that was even more recent.

How recent was this one?

Oh.

Two, three.

Okay.

What happened with this client?

And what's this person's name?

This person's name is City.

City.

Bank.

Is this Chase's brother?

No, different bank.

Bank's a popular last name.

Oh, okay.

And so, I talked with him about his girlfriend.

And he told me that one of her biggest fears is being forgotten.

And so, what do you mean being forgotten after she passes away or being forgotten?

Yeah, just in general.

Like, it's been in been issues, I think.

And so, what we did was I called up everyone in her life that she sees on a day-to-day basis.

And I said, let's pretend like she doesn't exist today.

Oh, no.

Okay.

So, all day long, she's walking around.

She's going to work.

No one's opening the door for her.

No one's calling her phone.

I deleted her email.

I burned her.

Social security card.

I burned her social security card.

I...

How did that come up that day?

Just to be extra sure.

Okay.

I deleted all of her social media.

So, did she think she was a ghost?

She thought she was a ghost.

She had no idea what was going on.

Did she try walking through walls at one point and she just kind of hit the wall or?

I think she...

I think she fell down the stairs.

But that was unrelated.

Oh, okay.

And she gets home and she, you know, she comes in.

You said, you know, and made a like gesture.

But I guess I don't just from that gesture.

Like, put her stuff down?

She is.

Or what does that gesture mean?

Opening the doors.

Oh, oh.

She flies.

She swings open the doors.

Okay.

She gets home and she says, honey, honey, no one could see me today.

And he says...

He says, I'll see you for the rest of my life.

Huh.

I'm getting the formula.

And he, for fuzzed to her.

And she said, I'll never forget this day.

Did all of her friends like rush in at that point or?

No, no.

They weren't there.

No.

Just the next day they start seeing her dinner.

No, we had it going for a full week, I think, actually.

Now that my memory's back, two, three.

It was a long, a little while ago.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, the most recent.

No, it wasn't the most recent.

There was one more.

Oh, there's one more.

Okay.

Tell us about that one.

This one was quite a long game.

Oh.

If I am being honest.

The long con.

So we had, he was like, I want to really shock her.

Right.

And so his name is Bank America.

Oh, Bank, of America or?

Bank.

I think it's the middle initials.

Oh.

Oh, okay.

And Bank spelled like B-A-N-Q-U-E or something.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Bank.

Oh, America.

Okay.

And he.

What did Mr. America want to do with him?

He said, I really want to shock her.

And I said, I know just the thing.

And I showed up at her house dressed as a FBI person.

And I said, listen, your husband unfortunately passed away in a.

Not husband yet, but you're.

Oh, excuse me.

Yeah.

And not husband yet.

You're, I gave away the ending.

They get engaged.

Okay.

We hope so after all this trouble.

So he.

How is this a long con, by the way, at this point?

Sounds like you just showed up at one.

Well, this, you'll see what I mean.

So I show up and I say.

You show up next and you say something.

I show up and I am dressed as a FBI.

Okay.

So first an FBI guy comes.

And that's me.

And that's you.

Oh, okay.

So.

And you say, I'm sorry, but your fiance or your boyfriend.

Your boyfriend has passed away in a.

Crazy train.

Slash, you know, plane accident.

Oh, so what?

Like a plane.

Like flying into a train.

Oh my God.

Yes.

Or I guess that's easier than a train going flying into a plane.

That would be crazy.

Yeah.

That's what happened.

That's what.

Oh wow.

And so well, that's what I told her.

And she said.

Oh, I forgot this.

It's a lot like this year's character.

It's not real.

Yeah.

She's committed.

She said to me, I didn't hear about this on the news.

I haven't heard this at all.

I said, well, that's what happened.

Just trust me.

We're covering it up.

We're the government.

And so she said, okay, I won't tell anyone.

And you know, she had a funeral for him and everything.

Oh.

And then six years go by.

Six years go by.

And he shows up at her front door.

And she at this point, she's married to this kid.

Wow.

She worked making my hand lotion at home.

Is that part of the tragedy of this all?

No, no, this is just where she's at.

That's where she's at.

Okay, got it.

And he had been living in a small village in Italy.

Oh.

And like to be out of sight?

Yeah, to be out of sight completely.

Yeah.

And anonymity.

Sort of a Lucas situation.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Going to and fro in the water back to land.

Sure.

And he came back and he said, I guess I meant Luca the song, but he lives on the second floor is what I was trying to get.

He said to her, he said, nothing could ever stop me.

That rain number shine.

Nor did I.

Was your mailman?

How did that.

How did the mailman's creed tie into this?

I just thought it was a nice thing to say for him.

You wrote this.

Yes.

I write most of what they say.

So he said to her not rain or shine or death.

And she said, I'll never forget this day.

I do.

As you left your husband, she left everything, even the kids.

Whoa.

Talk to the kids.

She doesn't even talk to them.

Whoa.

Isn't that so beautiful?

I don't know.

This is my work.

And I would never have had this happen.

Had it not been for my late husband.

So your husband died a while ago because this took six years.

Yeah, this was a long time ago.

This was.

So your husband died what?

Eight.

Eight, nine, something like that.

Eight, nine, ten.

Yeah, yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

Wow.

I mean.

And I not to bring it back to death.

Sorry.

It's a share.

But she just played a ghost.

She's not an actual ghost.

Yeah.

But I did get into character really well.

And it is your podcast.

I don't want to bring it down too much.

Oh, yeah.

Thank you for being respectful.

But my husband, you know, he really was such an inspiration for me.

And had I not killed him, I think we would have been doing this work together.

Can I offer a theory though?

What if your husband is doing the same thing that you did with Bank O America?

And you just thought you killed him.

And he's actually in one of those small Italian villages on the second floor, waiting to come back and do something similar to you for your anniversary.

Oh, no.

He's dead.

He is dead.

Oh, he's dead.

Oh, okay.

He's dead.

He already proposed to me.

But B, I saw it with my own two knives.

What a romantic way of saying what did you see with those own two knives?

Well, so I'll tell you what happened.

I came home after a long day's work.

I thought this happened at work.

Well, no, it doesn't.

It was my own gender reveal to him.

We were pecking out.

Oh, so you planned your own gender reveal party with the chocolate cherry pie.

No, that was a different that killed a cat.

This is what I don't understand why you're confused.

I'm pretty sure that you said your husband died at the one that the second one.

I thought I said a cat.

Yeah, you said cats and your husband.

I said I killed cats in the first one and I killed another cat.

And I explained how I killed the second one.

And then I mentioned them.

This is a third one.

Okay, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm not following.

There have been many accidents.

Okay.

But this was with him the last.

So you came home.

You're about to reveal the gender of your, I didn't know you had children.

I, well, I was, yeah, I now do have one.

I was, I had baked a beautiful dip.

Baked dip.

It was a, yeah, it was a baked crab rangoon.

Like a massive crab rangoon.

Massive for just a tube.

Just and you, you would break off pieces of the crab rangoon and you would dip into the, we all know how dip works.

Yeah.

And inside, you know, was a pipe bomb.

Sure.

I know.

No.

And he came home and I said, why don't you get your machine gun out and and shoot up that crab rangoon.

And he said anything for you.

And he did and kabloomy.

So you're using on a Montapilla to describe this horrific accident.

Kabloomy.

Not, it was a real kabloney.

Yeah, I get that, but not really, not really an accident either because he's semi culpable shooting off machine guns into crab rangoon in the house.

Cuspily.

Sure.

Real cuspily time.

Yes.

The shrapnel, the crab rangoon.

To quote my friend Maggie Winters, he was crab rangoon.

Oh no.

Was she there or?

She wasn't, but I told her the story later.

And she is that the first thing she says she she doesn't she seems like not a Samantha to me.

Who's this sarcastic one?

Oh, Cynthia.

Who'd Kim control play?

That's Samantha.

Oh, that's okay.

She's a Samantha.

Great.

Yeah, she.

Sarah Jessica Parker play.

Carrie.

Carrie, right.

Yeah, she because she carried the rest of the cast.

That's how you could remember that.

I know.

I disagree wholeheartedly.

Not a fan.

You don't like her because you got that sis in the shape of her.

She hurt.

She, she took so many fluids for me.

She took so much of my energy on the day to day basis.

Wow.

Well, this is an incredible story of where I to be your husband and I sincerely hope I never am.

I would be.

Are you looking?

I would be.

I'm not looking.

Thank you very much.

But I would be very wary of you.

You've put so many pipe bombs into dips that if you know, I would have maybe put two and two together that something was going on and not shot up.

Not me.

I had no idea.

Maybe had I killed a human earlier, but I hate cats.

So.

Oh, OK.

So that's yeah.

Well, wonderful.

Harper.

How can people get ahold of you?

How can people find you?

Right.

So I hear a lot of men listen to this podcast.

So I knew this was the.

50 50 50.

I know.

Are we kidding?

So I thought this would be a good place to advertise my services.

Yeah.

You can.

This is sort of the maximum of podcasts.

Sure.

Yeah.

You know, I've always, you know, for a while it was humanity's podcast, but now I think the maximum of podcasts is a great way to describe it.

What would you say the percentage of people who listen to the podcast who have beards are?

Oh boy, it's a real beardy medium.

Don't I?

I'm going to say 79.

Take away 10.

You got something in my opinion, but.

So what I'm sorry.

What was your yes?

You're.

You can reach me at my website.

OK.

And the website is.

Oh, no, what happened?

Boom.

Kably.

Dot com.

Dot com slash org.

Slasher.

Oh, dot com slash org.

You wanted to cover your basis.

Right.

All right.

Well, what?

Oh, no, what happened?

Kabloom.

Kablyom.

Oh, no.

What happened?

You have to say it like that.

You have to.

Are you typing it in italics or something?

How do you how do you convey that?

Oh, no, what happened?

Kabloom.

Kablyom.

Yeah, you have to.

Come closer.

You use a series of lower case and upper case to bending on the volume.

The SpongeBob.

And now how you're going with your voice.

Sounds like wingedings is involved in this too.

Yeah.

I mean, yes.

OK.

For sure.

So reach me there.

Boys, men, beards.

Yep.

All three of those types, all listeners of comedy, bang, bang.

Well, that's wonderful.

Thank you, Harper, for being here.

Can you stick around?

We have another guest.

We've got two.

If she's if she wants me too.

Oh, absolutely.

Yeah.

Thank you, she's she.

I appreciate that.

Well, we have to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned man of the cloth.

This is very exciting.

Are you a religious person, she?

I am not.

I did grow up in the church, but I no longer live there.

You no longer live.

So you actually live there?

Wow.

I grew up in the church.

Yeah.

Like in the attic?

Yeah.

No, in the pulpit.

Oh, right there in the pulpit.

I took a bath where they baptized people.

Oh, OK.

Well.

Something else.

Yeah.

It was nice.

Great.

Well, we are.

I don't know what religion he practices, but please welcome, for the first time on the show, Reverend Goodfeline.

Good morning.

Good morning, everybody.

Good morning.

I am Reverend Goodfeline from the Church of Combershells.

By your heads and please let us pray.

Oh, sure.

Oh, yeah.

OK.

We're praying.

All right.

Sure.

That one, my head.

Pizza in the morning.

Pizza in the evening.

Pizza at supper time.

When pizza's on a bagel, you can eat pizza anytime.

Amen.

I've been.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

Oh, you're a good problem.

No problem.

It's a pleasure to be here.

No problem.

Can I ask Reverend Goodfeline, you're the Church of commercials?

The Church of commercials?

That is right, brother Scott.

What does that mean?

Like, explain that to me.

Because I know a lot of churches are like the Church of Latter-day Saints, which I don't even know what that means, but.

Means the Saints after the first date.

But no ones from Cape after.

The Latter-day Saints.

The late to the party.

Yes.

They're like Sashir to the whole economics.

Not the main way.

Church of former day saints.

But what does the Church of commercials mean?

Everybody finds their religion in different ways.

Brother Scott.

I chose to start a we all worship differently.

Sure.

Yeah, you said that a couple of times now in different ways.

You know what people pray.

You know what you're talking about, right?

You understand what I'm saying?

You have a free grasp of the notice, right?

You can't get what I'm saying, brother Scott.

You're not.

You can't just say you get what I'm saying.

Instead of saying it.

You understand what I'm saying, brother Scott.

Everybody has the ways that they worship.

And I have chose to worship this way.

And I hope to convert you and your guestesses as we go forward.

Okay.

Well, we'll see.

I mean, if by the end of this, you know, maybe you'll have three converts.

Sister Hopper.

Yes.

Sister Sashir.

Yes.

Brother Scott.

Yes.

Reverend.

Reverend Goodfellas.

No, good feeling.

Sorry.

Almost a good fellas.

On the ninth day, the Saints were hungry.

And the Lord said, beef is what's for dinner.

Well, on the ninth day, because we've gone through the seventh ones in the original Bible.

Yes.

And what happened on the eighth?

On the eighth day, the Saints stuffed their mouths with peanut butter right before they tried to call into a radio station to answer a trivia question.

Is this the Alexander Hamilton commercial?

Aaron Burr.

Aaron Burr's got you understand what I'm saying.

I understand what I'm saying.

I do understand what you're saying.

Sister Hopper.

Sister Sashir.

So you worship the actual commercials.

Is that what you're saying?

Or just your belief system is based upon the teachings of these commercials?

Exactly, brother.

You get what I'm saying.

Oh, okay.

You understand exactly you have hit the nail on the head.

A lot like a certain commercial.

Yes.

I'm hoping there's a commercial for nails.

Of course, there's a commercial for things getting hit on the head.

I don't remember a commercial advertising something getting hit on the head.

Soccer Boppers.

So, okay.

Soccer Boppers.

So you're fun than a pillow fight, amen?

Amen.

Were you a big fan of TV growing up?

Did you watch a lot of TV?

Never saw one ever.

Really?

So what happened to you recently then?

I started to watch commercial compilations on YouTube.

Compilations.

They last for hours and hours and hours.

You know, this is interesting to me because approximately 21 years or so, somewhere around there, Tivo was invented.

And this was an invention which let you skip through the things that we don't like to watch, which is the commercials, but you like to watch them so much so that you're watching whole hours long compilations of them.

Well, that is why, brother Scott, you see, I was raised with Tivo.

I'm 21 years old.

You're 21 years old today.

21 today is my birthday.

Congratulations.

You had such a nice, deep voice, like a manly voice for a young man.

I've been smoking for 14 of those yeans.

Oh my goodness, since you were seven years old, can I offer you a sex on the beach?

Please.

I'll take the drink.

The drink.

Oh, oh, we'll never mind.

What are your teachings?

What are your belief system?

What do you believe?

I've been told just got that many times.

I got to tell you, brother Scott.

Tell me again.

I'll tell you one more time.

Research for breakfast.

Is that a question?

Hey man.

Because it is unusual to have candy from breakfast.

Yes.

I was raised with Tivo and my mother fast forwarded through all the commercials at all times.

Since the day the day you were born, she bought a Tivo.

The same day Tivo came out.

She said, I have to raise this child.

I cannot.

I'm saying, on my way back from the hostiles, can we make a stop?

We make a stop in Circuit City.

Of course, this is back when Circuit Cities were still in business.

Absolutely brother Scott, amen.

Well, this is incredible.

You know what I've been noticing on these commercials?

By the way, did you see the home economics commercial?

The one where Tivo Grace is dancing around.

He spins on his head.

I'm going to watch the show.

Oh, so you watch shows too?

Not yet.

Gotta be the first one.

Bow your heads.

That's pretty.

All right.

Bow your heads, please.

And on the 11th day, the woman stepped into the courtroom.

Keeping a lot of days.

Stepped into the courtroom as a lawyer and realized that she was about to lose her case.

And so she went to the back of the room where there was a bathroom and she got into the shower.

And she used herbal essences.

And she screamed, yes.

Yes.

Amen.

Yeah.

I can't remember.

First second, we'd dominate that someone was going to come out of the wall.

Yeah.

Like, cool.

Yeah.

Because you said it was in the courtroom.

And I think I remember one of those.

No, yes.

You remember this is the hopper.

Someone bursting out of the wall.

Yeah.

I don't remember that commercial.

Cool.

I remember the herbal essences one.

She's like very stressed at work.

So she decides to take a shower.

Yeah.

Work.

Very sexy.

Like in the courtroom bathroom.

In the courtroom bathroom.

And it turns into such a luxurious experience because she's using this herbal essences that it feels like a spa day for her.

But what you don't realize is that's actually how every woman showers.

Oh.

In a courtroom.

Even in the comfort of her own home.

Yeah.

Just saying yes.

Yes.

Oh, yes.

Oh.

Oh, yeah.

Definitely.

Yeah.

You know there are clits on our head.

Yeah.

Exactly.

It's in the far back.

I don't think that's ever been said on this show before.

That's why people have a hard time finding it.

It's up here.

It's all the way back there.

Everyone's always trying to go between our legs and set no no.

It's between the backs of the ears.

If you're one of those beardies listening to this show.

I can only imagine next time you have sex just like they're rubbing the back.

They're going like have I found it.

Oh, how I wish.

Yeah.

Do you have any other commercials?

I got a whole bunch of them.

I got a compilation, brother.

Sure.

Let us pray.

All right.

Let's pray.

On the 13th day, the band did not have enough money to make a phone call.

So he chooses to call collect, but he has to make it quick.

So as the other person will not be charged.

And so when the call says you have a call from his head, bye.

We had a baby as a boy.

And it he hangs up, amen.

Amen.

I don't remember this guy.

Guy Co-Direct.

We had a baby.

So these teachings aren't necessarily just like the how to live your life or like the.

Yeah.

They have to read between the loud.

Oh, hey, this is a lot like Proverbs.

Yes. Proverbs.

Yes.

Don't look at them directly.

Look at them.

Guy Co-Directly.

So so if I were to interpolate what you're trying or interpolate, interpolate, I guess, if I were a musician using your song in my own song, but if I were to interpret what you're trying to say.

That's what that means.

Yes.

If I were to interpret what you're trying to say, okay, you shouldn't ever, oh god, this is a tough one to show.

You should never waste your resources on things that aren't important.

You should save them for when something important actually happens, such as having a baby.

And you should never burden others with financial responsibility.

Y'all don't hear, y'all not hearing me.

I'm hearing you.

How would you interpret this one?

A bunch of like five people are dancing in a room.

Would that say to you like, oh, their time slot is moving?

I would, I've seen that one.

And I would say that that is how you interpolate that.

Y'all listening, amen.

Amen.

Never judge a dancer by their face.

No.

Because they could be.

CGI.

Yeah.

Computer generated imagery.

Instead of a moment, who is it again?

The, the, the, General Waggle.

General Waggle, I don't want to say the bee honeys.

What is that?

I don't know.

Are they who attacked that guy and my girl?

So how many, how many people do you practice out of church or?

We do, but we have been doing a virtual.

Oh, yeah, over Zoom.

Yes.

Okay.

Only allowing 250 capacity.

Oh, really?

Inside of the church.

Oh, oh, oh.

So the church is still full.

Yes.

But we are offering virtual.

Oh, okay.

In case you don't want to go.

So this is a popular, popular place, popular church.

Extremely popular.

Is it mostly young people who have not watched or, or like homeschooled kids who didn't have TV?

Yes, we are all 21.

And we all, Everyone's 21.

Everyone's 21.

We are having a big birthday party.

Oh.

You are all welcome.

Really?

I would love to play something for that.

Oh, yeah.

Please, what would you play?

Don't let her make a dip.

Probably a dip.

I would love to.

Do you have any, do you have any being did with a queso ranch?

Do I?

Do I have a queso ranch sitting in my garage right now?

Do you have a cherry pie with chocolate filling?

No, no, no, no.

You're right.

Made from cherries.

I can do that.

Yes.

Okay.

It's just a hop invited.

When is this party?

Are you 21 as well?

I am 40.

Wow.

You said that so slowly like you're trying to figure it out.

Based on our previous conversation.

But I had a kid.

So eight years ago.

Yes.

You had to kill one.

I think I did a pretty quick job.

Yeah, you did.

It was good.

When you have kids, your brain just, it's mush.

Oh, yeah.

So your kid, by the way, is eight years old.

Does your kid watch commercials?

My kid, we have no screens in the house.

Really?

It's just, I...

Not even for the windows.

No.

And my kid's just indoors making dips, dips, dips, dips.

Oh, why?

If that's not part of your business any longer.

Oh, it still is.

Because we serve a dip at the proposal.

Oh, okay.

But there's just nothing inside.

No pipe bombs.

Okay.

Repetition is key.

Right.

Vahla hits.

Okay.

Well, all right.

Amen.

Oh, no.

We don't say amen until we're talking.

Oh, so sorry.

And on that night deed date, she skipped it and skipped it and skipped it.

Now, amen.

I don't know that.

Amen.

But I don't know.

I don't know.

Oh, like a skip it.

I used to have one of those.

What is a skip it?

It's a little thing you put around your ankle and it has a thing to a ball.

What has a thing to a ball?

You've seen it.

It's a toy.

Oh, oh, oh.

So you have a toy.

Okay.

That's a toy.

I wanted this to be an off my conversation.

But I'm glad we finally got to it.

No, no, no, no, no.

Scott, you have to read between the lines.

Okay.

It's a double eight.

Okay.

What's the commercial?

You tell me though, this is- You're not following me, brother Scott.

This is part of your job though, as the reverend is to help us.

Maybe it's like skipping over obstacles that get in your way.

By using practice and repetition.

Practice makes perfect.

Oh, wow.

Practice makes perfect.

Skip over the obstacles, amen.

Amen.

Cass, why don't you just say the thing you mean?

Like, I've always wondered that any time you go to church and you're like interpreting these proverbs and stuff, like, why didn't they just write down the thing they wanted you to know?

It was the 80s.

Scott.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

That's a good excuse for all of them.

They wrote the Bible in the 80s.

I didn't know that, really.

I don't know. I wasn't bored.

That's true.

So you were born October 4th, 2000.

Really?

Wow.

Yes.

Incredible.

So why 2K had happened already?

What is that?

No, no, no.

You don't know.

No, it's plain to see.

That's only 12 years before my child was born.

13.

Okay, this is 20-20.

So you guys could be friends.

Her and her child could maybe be friends.

I mean, it's only a 13-year age difference.

Yes.

Invited to the party.

We'll see.

They'll bring a dip.

Everybody, when I dip, you dip, we dip.

That's right.

Now that's a song.

On the 21 day that Lord said, I put my hand up on your hip.

I think that wasn't a commercial.

It was?

I feel like it was a dip.

I put my hand up on your hip, and then I dip, you dip, we dip.

I'm sure it was an a dip.

They must have used a license dip then.

For free those dips.

Yes.

I was just going to ask if you could help me interpret one of the commercials that I saw as a kid.

Please, sister.

You don't.

The song was, Rice, Aroni, the San Francisco treat.

Ah!

Now y'all not hearing me.

I understand what I'm saying here.

When we think about it, in order to get up a hill, you use the Lord as a cable card.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Yeah, she's about San Francisco.

Yes.

Okay.

Because you got to get up the hill to get away from the tenderloin.

So the hill is not metaphorical.

It's literally a hill in San Francisco.

It's a hill in San Francisco.

But you got to use the Lord to get up there.

Hey, that's- I don't remember them mentioning a hill in the song.

Maly talked about Rice.

He has a bottle of Taylor Street.

His hand friends, this country.

So is heaven the treat?

If you- The treat is getting up the hill.

Treat is getting up the hill.

Okay.

So really it's just- To get the higher ground outside of- To get closer to the Golden Gate Bridge.

Oh.

Away from the tenderloin.

The Golden Gate Bridge isn't up the hill, is it?

Yeah, I'm not listening.

Y'all not understand.

Y'all not- Hey man.

Hey man.

What about- I have another one that I remember as a kid that- 2-300- And pie.

No, no, no, no, no.

Give me out!

Mouse!

This the hot pot!

Okay.

Okay, I'm- Okay.

You're listening?

This the hot pot.

Take a sip of water.

Yeah.

Mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm, mm.

Oh god.

Because I'm preaching.

Yeah, got it.

800-588-2-300-Empire today!

Call that number to meet the Lord today.

Wait, so literally call the numbers.

Think about it, Scott.

Yeah.

Think about it, brother.

Y'all not hearing me.

Right.

Okay.

I think I had- Yeah, but- Carpet.

It is- Carpet?

Soft on the bottom of your feet.

I thought you were going to say it's not a car, it's not a pet.

You're a church carland.

Let the Lord!

I don't know who George Carland is.

Might be Rick Rann is doing George Carland.

Who?

It's even weird.

Corks.

Carpets.

It's not a car, it's not a pet.

Let the Lord provide carpet today.

Today.

Empire.

What is- What is heaven also called?

Oh, the Holy Empire.

Yes.

Oh.

Yeah.

What about- What about- Keys, keys, keys, keys on Van Nuys.

Think about it, Keys, Keys, Keys, Keys on Van Nuys.

Van Nuys is a very wide and long street.

It is too wide.

You need keys to get into a car.

Right.

A boulevard of cars.

Okay.

This is falling apart.

I gotta say, Reverend- Reverend Goodfield.

This is one of the thinner premises.

I'm sorry, I don't mean premise.

I mean, it's one of the more interesting people we've had on this show.

What are you talking about?

I'm giving you- I am saving your soul by the start.

I apologize.

What are you talking about?

I appreciate it.

Who are you going?

A goody queen?

You land liquor.

What?

Litlic.

Hey man.

Reverend Goodfield.

Feel it.

We have to take a break.

Can you stick around though?

We have- I can't.

Are you about to get a commercial break?

That's right.

So you're writing your element.

Oh, I can't wait.

Yeah.

I would love for you to talk about the commercials I read on the show.

Absolutely.

How impactful they are on your life.

Stamps.com?

I mean- Never heard of it.

All right.

Well, look.

We're going to come right back.

Oh, we have something that's extinct coming up right after this break.

So this is really exciting.

We'll be right back with more Sashir, more Reverend Goodfield and more Harper.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

Sashir's a mata of home-im- God, I want to say home improvement every time.

You do.

What is it?

It's less man-standing.

Thank you.

It's less man-standing.

Homic.

Yeah.

You know, like when you're in junior high school and you learn how to sew a pillow or whatever, right?

Sure.

That's not what the show is about, but that is a thing.

Okay.

Yeah.

It is.

Okay.

So people still take home economics in school.

I think that- I think actually went away for a minute and I think there's maybe a thing to bring it back.

People were getting confused like they go to school and then suddenly they're in your show and they're like, well, what is going on?

All the time.

Okay.

Interesting.

We also have Harper El Cosmopolitan here, party planner- Yes.

To the stars?

Can I say that or have you ever planned any notes?

It is stars.

Just regular people.

Oh, I hate celebrities.

You do.

Why?

You must be very uncomfortable right now.

Yeah.

Well, the only reason I agreed to do this show was because- Well, I didn't realize how famous you guys were until I got here.

And I'm making it through.

I'm suffering.

Yeah.

I mean, I know how it is.

You walk in a room, you see number five on the call sheet over here and you see someone who's on Mount Podmore over here.

Mount Podmore?

Underneath Conan, of course.

We also have Reverend Goodfelen is here.

Let us pray.

Oh, we're praying again.

Okay.

On the 32nd date.

A man sits down on a park bench that he has no clue has been freshly painted.

But he's got a business meeting.

He's in a suit.

He pops one Mentos into his mouth, choose it up, decides to lay his whole body down on the park bench and make his suit a very uneven business strike for his business meeting.

Amen.

Mentos, the fresh maker.

Amen.

Mentos.

Amen.

Mentos.

Amen.

Mentos.

Well, look, thank you very much, Reverend Goodfelen.

Appreciate that.

Ben addiction to start our segment off.

We have to get to our next guest.

This is interesting.

I've mentioned something that's extinct.

It's actually a dinosaur.

So please welcome to the show, Dinah.

Hi.

Oh, hi.

Wow.

Great to see you.

Hi.

That's great to be here.

Is it Dinah or?

Dinah.

Yeah.

Dinah.

With an H at the end or just an A?

Just an A.

Dinah.

Dinah the dinosaur.

Dinah, did your parents name you that or is this?

They did.

Yeah.

They did.

Okay.

They did.

I don't like to think about them too much because they're not here anymore.

I'm so sorry.

I mean, I would imagine like none of you are here anymore.

No, I got stuck in an ice block.

Oh, Captain America style.

Yeah, exactly.

Were you next to him the whole time?

No, I wish.

That would have been very fun.

That would have been so cool.

Yeah, but no, I melted because the world's getting hotter.

Okay.

And so I popped out and I was like, what?

Everything's a lot different, but you know, I'm having a great time.

Oh, I bet.

Yeah.

You learned English.

I learned English.

I actually knew English before.

Oh, you did?

Yeah.

We all, this is how we spoke.

That's no dinosaurs spoke English.

Yeah.

That's crazy.

Yeah.

But we just chose our way.

So that's why we as like descendants of dinosaurs and why we speak English.

Exactly.

Yeah.

It's just like in your brain.

Okay.

Oh, that's so great.

Well, welcome to the show.

So good to have you.

Thanks for having me.

How long ago did you pop out?

Um, I popped out like five years ago.

Five years ago.

So you've seen some commercials.

Oh, I definitely seen some commercials.

I haven't seen all the ones that he's talking about, but I have seen commercials in general.

The most recent one sounds, it's not the Mentos one even.

It's, I couldn't even say what the most recent one is.

Did you recognize any of those ones that he was talking about?

Oh, the Lint Licker.

I think I saw that.

That's not, I don't like that word.

Lint Licker.

Yeah, but it's funny.

It's funny, but lint sounds too close to that other word that we said earlier.

Flint?

No.

Uh, maybe you dinosaurs don't have these, but very close.

Oh, the, oh, no, we have those.

You do have those.

Oh, no, I've never found one, but I, and we know they're somewhere inside.

Yeah.

Have you had a little?

I think they're like, they're like, oh, there it is.

Oh, as far as a lot of men are concerned, they're extinct.

If you know what I mean.

Yeah, I get it.

Do you like that?

Harper?

I loved it.

Okay, good.

Well, welcome to the show.

So you've been out for five years.

Yeah.

What have you been doing?

I just kind of been hanging out, roaming around.

Um, Terrorizing people.

Are you a carnivore or a herbivore?

I'm a herbivore.

So I'm bending the plants and that's been really nice.

There's a lot of the, there's actually not a lot, but there's some that I can, it can not shine.

Yeah, well, spinach or what?

Oh, I love spinach, locale.

Oh, yeah.

What about like just leaves on trees?

Leaves on trees are great.

Oh, yeah.

Anything great.

Oh, yeah.

It's like, it's my time.

But anything green, don't say that around Oscar the grouch.

Oh, that's a reference to, uh, the sesame shape.

You know the wasp is a graphic.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, I have TV.

You have TV.

Yeah.

Does it have to be big like you?

No, no, no, no.

I get, my eyes are really good.

Oh, okay.

Oh, so dinosaurs eyes are, are, are good.

They're better than human eyes or?

Um, I don't know if they're better.

They're just different.

Oh, okay.

You know, your's are good, I'm sure.

Yeah.

Well, I don't need glasses.

So that's maybe probably better.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

But yeah, I'm just like glad to be here.

Um, it's like the first time the world went, could put kblawi, kblam as you would say.

Yeah.

Harper.

Blue, new, new, new.

Exactly.

That's what I sounded like.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

Oh, god, I sound no.

I have.

Yeah.

That's what I sounded like.

That was, um, a huge surprise.

We, were you, were you, you were awake for that?

Because I was awake for that.

Really?

You got frozen in the middle of this?

Yeah.

It was like a huge boom.

And then like, and then like, and then it was just like dust, storm, shh, shh, rah.

Whoa, what was happening?

It was kind of like, um, all of the storms.

There was like fire, there was snow.

Is it like a meteor hit or something?

I, something big hit.

Right.

I guess it was a meteor.

Yeah.

Okay.

So, it should start going crazy.

It was insane.

And then I was watching everyone freeze around me and like turn into.

So other, the other dinosaurs froze?

They did freeze, but I don't know.

If they like, survived, I think some of them actually died before they froze.

Oh, okay.

So, but there could be other frozen dinosaurs out there.

I really hope so.

Are you, are you, maybe you're even your parents?

Oh my god, that would be so nice.

Wow, that would be amazing.

That would be amazing.

I mean, if Captain America can survive.

Yeah, my parents could.

Yeah.

Hopefully.

So, so it just, Kablui.

Yeah.

It was a huge surprise, but I like living in this kind of world because you, you know the end of the world's happening.

Like you can see that it's coming.

Yeah.

If you don't need glasses for that.

Exactly.

It's just right on the horizon.

So it's like, I like that.

It's a nice comforting feeling to be like.

Whereas that was a surprise.

Whereas one day it was just like, uh oh.

Yeah, you know, it's a shock to the system really.

And this is a nice way to be like, okay, it's coming.

You get your affairs in order, you know.

Exactly.

You can say goodbye to everybody.

Get, leave your house to your cats.

Maybe they survive.

Well, cats survive.

Horace, what's your name? Harper.

Horace?

Yes.

Cats can survive anything.

Yeah.

They're demons.

Other than pipe bombs.

Yeah, that definitely wiped them out.

Yeah, I had a cat.

You had a cat.

I had a cat.

So dinosaurs can have pets.

Cats are around them.

They were around.

Yeah.

They were around back then.

Yeah, absolutely.

Wait, so it does sound like you just had like one big gender reveal.

Like, oh, I guess maybe that maybe the world had a big gender reveal.

Yeah.

Well, meaning the gender of the world was revealed?

I've always thought the earth was a heen.

Oh, I'd of course you do.

Horace, you think that it's Mother Earth.

Yeah, but I always thought that's the way it acts.

So what are the biggest differences back then to now?

I can only imagine, boy, every the society.

You know, back when you were growing up, I'm sure other dinosaurs weren't canceled.

Oh, no, we had canceled dinosaurs for sure.

We definitely had canceled.

Yeah, this is not a lot different.

I mean, we had dinosaurs saying inappropriate things.

Sometimes, you know, they would like make fun of humans and be like, uh, you're too little.

And they're like, please don't call us that.

We're just smaller.

And yeah.

So humans and dinosaurs were around at the same time.

Oh, yeah.

There's a lot of content.

You know, people don't think that actually occurred, but you're saying it did.

They did.

The humans were the humans all like, hello, boy.

I got a person.

Do you have English accent?

Yeah, yeah.

That's what they sounded like.

That's what people sounded like in the old days.

Hello.

They were like, hello.

Little doin' you saw.

Hello, don't you saw?

Yeah.

Wait, wait.

There's at least how they sounded to us, because they were so far away.

They're so small.

Oh, okay.

You ain't never seen the Flintstones, Scott.

Yeah, it's pretty much like that.

We have Flintstones, kids.

Oh, okay.

10 million strong.

I wondered how you saw that.

And growing.

Yes, of course.

Well, what kind of a dinosaur are you?

I'm a pterodactyl.

Yes, that's the wings, of course.

Yes, you see the wings.

Have you seen those chicken wing restaurants?

I've seen them, yeah.

Do they make you nervous when you say that?

Like, you'd be the ultimate prize.

You think I'm not a chicken?

I know, but I mean, I look at those wings and I go, man, if I could put a carton of ranch on them, it would just be...

Wow.

No, I guess I wasn't thinking that I would be at risk of...

Well, I mean, you know, I see you.

You're the last one in the world.

Yeah.

I mean, I kind of just want to kill you.

Really?

Yeah, I see you guys.

And this is the problem.

This is why we didn't like humans, because you see something special and you want to either own it or just join it.

Yeah, yeah.

And that's not our way.

It's not the dinosaur way.

We liked cohabitating with other species.

We were fine.

No, I just want to kill you.

It's something inside me.

I don't know what it is.

Yeah.

I want to make sure you don't exist anymore.

Yeah.

And that's also kind of why I'm at peace with the world ending, because it's like maybe you guys don't need to be here.

Oh, yeah.

That would be great if you could start your own, like, post-human dinosaur world.

I'm going to try.

I am building a bunker.

Okay.

But I mean, in order to really, you know, you'd have to propagate the species.

You know what I mean?

How are you going to do that?

Well, I'm still waiting for another...

Another dinosaur to get in for.

A little good melt, yeah.

Also, now that you know where your clit is, like, you know, maybe it could just sell us outside.

Rub it enough and get so satisfied that suddenly just something like pops in there.

Yeah, that's how it works for humans.

Sometimes if I do it enough, I kind of black out and I come to it and I'm like, okay, I kind of feel like I could have...

Yeah.

Maybe more than one life.

Yeah.

And I had a baby and, you know, well...

Well, what about cloning technology?

Like, did you ever see that Jurassic Park movie?

I did see it.

It's not a bad idea.

Yeah.

If I could find any of those scientists, I would love to have a chat.

Yeah.

Well, one of them is on Aquafina's show right now.

So maybe you could...

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, you can check him out.

I could check him out.

Yeah.

I'll watch the show.

He's like the original one who, like, got that syringe in the amber, you know?

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Exactly.

I mean, you could clone like a guy dinosaur or whatever.

I don't mean to say that...

But I mean, in order to propagate the species, you got to kind of...

Yeah, I'll clone one for function and then I'll clone another just for fun.

Yeah, for fun and pleasure, too.

Pleasure, yeah.

Probably, you know?

Yeah.

And friendship and maybe marriage.

And all those great things that dinosaurs...

You know, I mean, you're the only one.

When you were young, did you have dreams of what your life would be?

And how different is it now?

Yeah, I did think that I'd have a whole pterodactyl family.

You know, maybe like two little winged guys.

I'm getting hungry again.

Oh, no.

Gosh.

Wait, that's not...

I have a question for you.

Yeah.

Do you ever think that maybe the man of your dreams is actually that he froze you and he froze himself?

And this is a long game for Poza.

Oh.

Whoa.

And he's about to find you.

And that he's here right now and that...

Hancock over.

What is your name?

Harper over here.

Excuse me?

Has been setting this whole thing up over the last five years?

Wait, really?

Yes.

The death toll of my dreams?

Yes.

Is here?

Yes.

Whoa.

I was not seeing them.

That was incredible.

Super long con.

He reached out to me recently, but he was present for a very long time.

Yeah.

And he said, um, you know, I want to do this on Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh my gosh.

This is such a special day.

Cool.

Oh.

Wait.

He has no English.

It doesn't seem like...

Like...

Mark!

Go.

Wait, this seems more like a chicken.

It's a big chicken.

Should I...

Should I read what you wrote for me to say?

Oh, wait.

Yeah.

You can talk.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

So...

This, um, this I wrote, but it comes from my...

Pulling out a script.

Okay.

So you have a final draft account?

Die.

I splurged.

Oh.

Shucks, I left my glasses.

Oh.

Okay, I'm still being nice.

So he needs glasses.

So dinosaur eyes are...

Here, why don't you take these two watery glasses?

You can hold them up to your eyes.

Oh, this works perfectly.

Okay.

Um, we were frozen.

And I had to be thawed.

But I'm ready to be thawed with you for the rest of my life.

Oh, wow.

Do you know who this is by the way?

I don't.

I don't think you've ever met.

Like, whatever.

So this is just some like a saloon who froze you.

Yeah.

You just...

In limbo.

Killed my whole family.

This is ATM.

This is ATM?

That's his name.

Oh, okay.

My name is ATM.

ATM.

Wow.

I mean, it's sort of romantic.

It is?

To kill your parents and to cause an extension level event.

I mean, it's definitely...

In order to just...

Agree and gesture, yeah.

Yeah.

I mean, what do you think?

I mean, there's...

You don't have any other dinosaurs out there.

We thought that this would be a great way to scare the shit out of you.

I don't...

Make you feel like you were totally alone in the world.

And there is no possibilities for you, no friends.

And that's how I felt.

Yeah, I had to go to therapy the whole five years that I've been here.

Yeah.

To deal with it.

Yeah.

So what do you think of ATM over here?

I mean, you seem nice.

It's just, I don't know anything about you.

I'm ready to teach you about me for the rest of your life.

Teach you.

Okay.

So now, hey, ATM.

Grab the dip.

What do you...

Oh no, there's dips.

She brought dip.

Oh no.

I don't know.

All that you get behind the shields that we have here in the...

Wait, why was it on the dip?

Oh no!

Come bluey!

No! No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!

No, it's fun getting into trouble.

I don't know that one.

Oh my God.

We're just covered in dip.

And my cat.

Oh no, my cat is down.

I brought my cat to the show with me.

Oh, so sorry.

Oh my God.

Well, I mean, this is totally unexpected, but you know.

You're welcome.

If you want to go on a second date, we'll pay for it.

All right.

Yeah, I'll try it.

So ATM and Dina...

Maybe we'll see some little tiny, you know, crop a little tiny wings.

Oh God, I'm hungry.

No, yes.

We will not be invited to any of these.

I'm going to start doing this show at lunchtime.

Oh my God.

All right.

Well, this is incredible.

An incredible proposal to kick off the first Monday of October.

We are running out of time though.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Janin very slowly to cover the bang bang.

Holding all the plugs in my bag.

When's it gonna end?

The song that I've written.

Cause you can keep your plugs for now.

But when this song ends, you take them out.

Oh, very abrupt cut off there.

That was Janin very slowly by Ben Hewardine.

Ben Hewardine.

Thank you so much.

All right.

What are we plugging here?

Sashire, obviously a lot going on for you.

Yeah.

Homeward Bound is something.

Homeward Bound, of course.

A little all the puppies.

Will they get home?

Who knows?

Hom economics on ABC.

You can also stream it on Hulu.

And my podcast with my best friend Nicole called Best Friends comes out every Wednesday.

And watch the Muppets on the Muppets this Friday.

Yeah, with Bill Beretta, Dave Golds, Eric Jacobson, Peter Linz, David Redmond, and Matt Vogel.

And of course, and a live Ed Asner who does not die on screen.

That is your promise.

That is your promise to everyone.

All right.

Wonderful.

Harper, what do you want to plug here?

Well, first of all, I would like to say I hope that everything that you just witnessed to all these men listening, blue, you're freaking socks off.

And you'd like to hire me.

Again, my website is, oh no, oh my god.

It's our comm slash award.

I'm so sorry.

Right.

And I guess I would plug on this cool handle that I found on Instagram and on Twitter.

Can't wait to hear this.

L-I-L-Y-Y-I-L-Y.

It's so simple and easy.

Y-Y.

It's so simple.

Why why we why?

And clear and easy to remember.

And also another podcast with Lily Sullivan on Stitcher called Going Deep.

That's a good show.

And that is everything.

And I hope that you all will think about scaring the crap out of whoever you're proposing to.

Your final words where this is just plugging.

I love you guys so much.

And I wish that we were all together.

You don't have 30 seconds to live do you?

Deaf and...

Okay.

We're gonna have to move on.

Reverend Goodfeline, what are you gonna plug here?

Well Scott.

Brother Scott.

Yep.

When I'm not watching YouTube commercial compilation.

How often is that?

Every day, every hour on the hour.

Oh really?

When I'm not asleep.

Okay.

But when I'm also listening to podcasts.

Oh.

And my favorite podcast to listen to is called The Flagrant Ones.

Oh yes.

You can find it at patreon.com slash The Flagrant Ones.

It is hosted by Hayes Davenport.

Sean Clemence.

Do they ever drop the act?

I still don't know.

Well then, where can people get that by the way?

Theflagrantones.com?

Patreon.com.

Patreon.com slash The Flagrant Ones.

It's time to take collection.

Yes.

That's right.

Well that's a charge of commercials.

Well speaking of them, let's get to my plugs.

This is a very exciting week.

Of course, the big news is CBBWorld.com just launched this last Friday.

If you tuned in today and you were wondering, hey, why are there ads on the show that I usually don't have ads for?

Well, that's because the archives and the ad-free episodes all moved over to CBBWorld.com.

Where we also have this last Friday was the debut of our first show, Scott Hasn't Seen, where Sprague the Whisperer and I talked about Space Jam, a movie I've never seen.

And this week is great.

We have the first episode of BONANAS for Bonanza coming out tomorrow.

And we have on Scott Hasn't Seen, this Friday we have Space Jam, a new legacy with Hazen Shahn.

That's right, those men.

They are there to talk about Space Jam, a new legacy with Sprague and I.

And we have some CBB Presents coming up.

I don't want to say exactly what's going on with those, but those will be coming up as well.

So very easy to sign up.

You just head over to CBBWorld.com and you pick what tier you want to listen to.

And for any of you who have been out there who have never done one of these before, it's really easy.

The instructions are very easy.

You just enter something into whatever podcast app you want to listen to it on and everything automatically downloads.

It's very, very easy.

We'll talk you through it.

That is comedybangbangworld.com or CBBWorld.com.

And all right, let's close up the old plug bag.

2, 3, 4.

Hey, rain, we're on down.

Come on down.

Hey, rain, we're on down.

Come on down.

We're on the mouth to the sky.

I can get a drink over it.

Come on, rain, rain.

You've been got rain.

These.

Pretty good.

Yeah, I mean considering no track.

Come on, rain.

The helpful flush in the mega.

That's an awesome year.

We're ready.

Oh, wow.

That was Yes Rain by Cure for Bedbugs.

That was a sound like a Beatles remix of Andy Samberg and myself.

Thanks so much.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much to share.

So great to see you again.

Thanks so much for being here.

Good luck with the dancing.

And hopefully for the next year, you guys can actually dance in.

It will be yourselves.

Will you commit to that?

Yeah, we're doing classes every day.

After work.

To get better.

Great.

Harper, so great to meet you.

I had such a blast here.

Oh my god, this is the most abusive you've ever been.

I can't wait to come back.

Maybe bring something fun with me.

Like a dip.

And I just hope that everybody had as much fun as I did.

My god, it's like you're an entirely different person here.

Incredible.

Well, Reverend Goodfhelen, want to thank you so much for being here.

Let us pray.

Yeah, we got to pray.

On the 49th day, the man took the bar of Irish Spring soap and cut a piece off.

But he did not eat it.

What does this mean?

Don't be tempted.

Because what you're cutting may be poisonous.

Okay, I don't know that this makes sense.

In Dina, thank you so much to you.

Great to see you.

And congratulations to you and to Aitium here.

I mean, sounds like- He's growing on me.

He's really.

Yeah, they always do.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
