---
layout: page
title: 727. Vanessa Bayer, Will Hines, Edgar Momplaisir [6163e5928f804a0013866f46].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ The eternal void wasn't built in today, it was all done at nighttime.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm.

Thank you to Shill Tyrant.

Shill Tyrant for that incredible catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Of course we are in the world's spookiest month, maybe even the universe's spookiest month.

October, of course.

All leading up to all Hallows Eve, where the ghosts and goblins come out at night, and I hope you're preparing, and I hope you aren't getting too scared.

We're, of course, very early in it, so we still have a little bit until it gets to the scariest day of all, which in my opinion, October 31st, takes the cake.

It certainly certainly does, but we are pretty early in Octi Doggy right now, and by the way, my name is Scott Ockermann, I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang, waving a amazing show coming up.

A little bit later, we have a rapper, AKA someone who makes music under the genre hip hop, I would imagine.

I don't think I need to explain what a rapper is necessarily, but who knows who is confused.

We also have a lightning enthusiast, I don't think I could explain that.

We'll have to ask him exactly what that is, but what I can explain is our first guest and what she means to not only myself, but to all lovers of comedy everywhere.

She is, of course, her tenure on Saturday Night Live, spanned as far as I'm concerned, seven seasons, and it was one of the best to ever do it, certainly in the 2010s, if not the 70s, 80s, 90s, and beyond.

She is, of course, was one of the incredible performers in the movie Ibiza, a very funny movie that I saw on the premiere, on at the premiere, on the premiere.

So, what did you say on the premiere at the premiere?

When you say this?

I think both would work.

On the premiere.

She has a new podcast with her brother Jonah.

How did we get weird, which is currently running on Will Ferrell and iHeartMedia's big money players network?

We have to welcome her for the first time on the podcast, and it is a pleasure to have her.

Please welcome Vanessa Bayer.

Hello.

Hello. Thank you so much for having me here.

Of course.

I love your professional.

It's not a greeting.

It is kind of a greeting.

What was that?

What would you say?

Well, actually, just because I'm doing, I'm promoting my podcast right now, and just here to have a blast.

I just want people to...

What's the ratio from promoting podcasts to having a blast?

What would you say?

2575?

Well, look, this is...

Is that laugh fake?

I feel like every laugh is fake.

I can't tell.

Maybe I'm so used to seeing you in your classic characters.

I feel like you're patronizing me right now.

Well, look, Scott, this is Hollywood.

And not to link it to my podcast, but a lot of people would call it Holly Weird.

I've never heard that before.

Wait a minute.

I mean, it doesn't rhyme, but it has similar letters.

It starts with a W and ends with a D.

The two O's are kind of substituted for an EIR.

Exactly.

Yeah.

And you can have fun with words like that all the time and on our new podcast.

We'll do that and more.

Like, have you ever thought about making your podcast, how did we get wood?

That would be something different, especially with your brother.

I mean, talking about childhood, starting out that laugh is fake.

I think my fake laugh would...

Give me a fake laugh and give me a...

When I was showing up, my mom had a fake laugh and it was kind of like, That was her fake laugh?

Why would you fake laugh like that?

I don't know why she would...

I don't know. I wish I...

I haven't heard her do it in a long time.

I think she more genuinely loved it.

Did you call her on it ever?

And she got self-conscious about it?

I'm sure we've called her on it before, but I think she just...

That was just like...

Okay, it sounds like she's choking or at least being strangled.

It's sort of like...

Asphyxiated auto-erotic asphyxiation.

Well, but you're talking about my mom right now, Scott.

I certainly am.

This is CBB After Dark, by the way.

We're taping this at night.

It's sort of like...

I think it's sort of like a visceral...

Saying of like, If someone's going, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Right.

Okay, so like...

I can't even do it.

Interesting.

Now, I can tell that you're fake laughing when you laugh because you're laughing.

I don't think...

I don't think I fake laugh.

But then you're looking at me with like, Steely hate eyes.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's how...

That's how you can tell.

Giving you a death stare, but also it sounds very real.

So you've kind of...

It truly does.

I don't think the listener would know, but I just wanted to call it out.

Okay, thank you so much.

I'm already having a blast, Scott.

Hey, there's that 75% of blast.

Welcome to the show.

First time ever on the show.

Of course, you did the television show.

We talked about that off air.

That was a scintillating...

Approximately 120 seconds of our conversation before we got on the air.

What would you say?

I would say so.

Yeah, that was great to have you.

But first time on this show, a 12-year run, and of course you were busy on the aforementioned Saturday Night Live, and where you spent seven years in the trenches, as they call it, the comedy trenches, and you came out the other side, and you have emerged like a phoenix from the ashes, like a wonderful butterfly from that cocoon of comedy.

How do you feel?

Oh my gosh.

Well, wow.

That's exactly how I feel.

I feel like I came out of a cocoon.

A cocoon.

Post-cacoon, I feel.

Not that I didn't feel like a butterfly while I was on SNL, and I'll tell you what, my middle name in Hebrew is par par, which means butterfly.

Really?

The papillon, as I believe the French would say.

As the French say.

Yes.

I speak French too.

That is papillon.

Really, Mariposa, as the Spaniards would say.

Yeah, I don't know, because I don't speak that language.

Okay, which ones do you speak?

French.

You just speak French.

Okay, I feel like you're speaking English right now.

Well, a little bit of English, mostly French.

Okay.

Where did you learn French if I may be so inquisitive as to ask?

Oh gosh, Scott, I don't know.

I guess I was a French major in college.

Really?

I was.

You were in.

Did you grow?

Well, okay, let me clarify.

I was a communications major, but they also really wanted French majors, because there weren't a lot of them.

So if you studied abroad in France, which I did do, I spent a semester in Paris, not to know.

A whole semester.

Yeah, and it's spent a whole semester.

Where'd you live? Did I feel sour?

Um, well, France.

It's one of the errand-dismol.

Okay, really?

I can't remember which one, but I'm going to say that 12 Verduzium, d-tosium.

Whoa, this is incredible.

I have no idea what you're talking about, but it sounds great.

It sounds French.

Yeah, it was very French.

And so basically, because I studied abroad for a semester in Paris, and then I took one French class every semester, I- they were like, you're a French major.

Okay, so are you- So as a double major in communications and in French.

And how often do you use your communications major?

How often do you use your French major?

Mmm.

Oh la la.

Oh wow, it sounds like a lot with that French major.

Well, I feel like I'm always communicating.

That's just kind of the person that I am.

Yeah.

Now you've had your back to me this entire conversation.

Do you mind turning around?

Yeah, no, but you know, that's a different kind of- I'm always- I'm always playing around with kind of alternative communications, because I studied it, so I've always got it- Right, yeah.

I push myself to the limit, but- and by myself, I mean myself, but my, you know, my- and so I- how much do I use French?

Again, I shouldn't say pa.

Just whenever I'm kind of feeling, you know, or if I'm at a French restaurant, you know, and they're like- Oh really?

And they're like- And they're like- Yeah, I'll be like, um, I'd like the mule freak, instead of saying like mule's freets or whatever.

Oh yeah, like idiots who like it.

Yeah, like full moron.

Oh my god, I hate those people.

Yeah.

What are mule's freets?

Muscles and fries.

Oh, muscles and fries- Wait, you're eating muscles and fries?

Yes!

It's gross.

Are you serious?

No, I'm sure it's fine.

That's very good.

But wait, I feel like you thought that I got offended by that, and I really- the reason that I reacted that way is because it's so delicious, I would love for you to try it.

I would love- You know what I would love- nothing more than for us to develop a true friendship.

Like, and I don't even mean a show- because friendship, I mean like a true friendship where we're really there for each other all the time.

Yeah.

And I don't think it's too late in either of our lives to have something like that with a new person.

No.

You know what I mean?

So I would love that, and I would love for us to go on a weekly, or at least bi-weekly expedition to the local French restaurant where we just dug into mule's freets with our fingers, and we were so comfortable with each other, we were like, we don't need forks, right?

And we just like, you know, just- just dived into it.

And we did that, you know, I don't know, once a week, twice a week, or every other week.

I don't know, what do you think about that?

Well, honestly Scott, I am so busy.

Oh.

When do you free up?

It's gonna be really long.

Long what? Long- Long week?

Oh, okay. Long, okay.

Okay.

All right, well that's cool.

I mean, maybe we'll circle back to it.

Totally, totally.

Yeah, you know what I mean?

I mean, we can look, I mean, life is long, right?

For some of us, for some of us.

Yeah, certainly.

So I hope, but I would, God, I would love to be your friend.

I'll, you know, I'll take it under.

I'll pulsate on it.

Yeah.

Pulsate.

Pulsateok?

Okay, Vanessa Beyer is here, of course, of Saturday Night Live.

Her new podcast, How Did We Get Weird, is out there in the world right now.

And, you know, the birth of a podcast is such a special time in a young lady's life.

You finally have one.

What happened?

You saw other Hollywood stars, like Conan O'Brien getting one, and you were like, I want some of that money.

What was the genesis of this project?

Well, like my brother Jonah and I are very close, and we thought, how can we become kind of like, the hottest siblings in Hollywood, you know, as you do?

Sure.

And we thought, Who are the hottest siblings right now?

The Kardashians, obviously.

Yeah, the Kardashians are huge on the list.

The Mendoza twins?

Are they up there?

Yeah, I mean, you know, look, they're, I mean, they're, they, they made their mark.

Right, that's the thing, it's just getting, getting your name out there.

Yes, exactly.

We all know who I'm talking about when I say that.

So they've done pretty well for themselves.

If I were to go to anyone on the street and go, you know, Vanessa and what's his name, Joey?

Jonah.

You know, Vanessa and Jonah, people would go, I don't know what the fuck you're talking about, why are you bothering me?

But if I go up to someone on the street and go, hey, do you know the Mendoza brothers?

They're like, immediately interested.

Exactly.

And that's, so we want, that's what we want.

Yes.

When you say, when you say Jonah and Vanessa, and the thing is, you know, we looked into a lot of different mediums to get famous as you do.

And we thought because Jonah lives across the country for me, the most, the best and easiest way to get famous would be to do a podcast.

Yeah, I guess like sculpting is another medium you could have tried, but mailing it back and forth while you both took wax at it.

Well, it's, you know, and what do you, and then what do you have to post a picture of what your sculpt, it's like, yeah, or just put it in a museum, and everyone has to come to it.

Yeah.

And that's, and that's not, we, we, I mean, that happened to me a couple of years ago.

I went to it and was scared out of my life.

Oh, I'll never see.

I'll never see it, really?

No.

What is it?

Is it a clown thing?

Is it a monster thing?

Is it a little kid's thing?

I don't like, I don't like horror movies.

You don't like horror movies in general.

You know, horrifying things happen in them, so I don't know why anyone likes them.

That's like, exactly.

Like, like, you ever see that, that movie about Dr. Frankenstein's monster, you know, Frankenstein?

Terrifying, right?

Well, I never saw it.

Guy creates, let me, let me give you the elevator pitch.

Okay.

There's a guy.

Okay.

It's real nutball.

Hey.

Okay.

He's going around to graveyards, and instead of doing what we all do at graveyards, which is take a look at the graves, pray, think about our loved ones who have moved on, take a look at that one.

Oh, that reminds me of sort of the similar name to someone I went to high school with.

Yeah.

Is it them?

No, it's not them.

Instead, he's digging up the goddamn bodies.

And not only that, he's not taking them home to have sex with him.

He's cutting them up, and he's stringing them together into one body.

He's taking like 12 bodies and making one super body out of it, and then he calls that Frankenstein's monster.

I'm six to my stomach.

Yeah.

Did you say six to your stomach?

Yeah.

I'm meant to say sick to my stomach, but six came out.

You're so sick that it's like your six times as sick as any human being has been to their stomach.

Yeah.

It's terrifying.

I don't know why anyone likes them, especially that it movie.

I don't.

You know what?

I know it's about a clown.

That's all I know because I won't see it.

Yeah.

What about the balloons?

Do you know about them?

There's like a red balloon.

You ever see that poster?

No.

I...

No.

Not interested.

You gave it a dismissive wave.

I'm not interested.

You're not interested.

You're retreating into your shell.

Yeah, I don't like it.

So do you...

You've never seen a single one?

No, I think I have seen some horror movies, but I just go like...

You know, the latest horror movie comes out and everyone goes...

The Conjuring.

Yeah.

And they...

Oh, you're going to go see that and I go?

No.

And that's basically what happens.

You really do need a friend like me that can like string out the conversation a little bit more.

I think I'm a Trayshik conversationalist.

I don't know French.

That's going to be a problem with our conversations.

I don't know what it means.

Sorry.

So your podcast you guys decided like, Hey, let's do this podcast and it has a really interesting premise.

Tell us about that.

That's the kind of question that an interviewer asks when they don't know anything about it.

And put the onus on you.

Go ahead.

I appreciate that.

Well, basically it's about nostalgia.

So my brother and I...

I remember that.

And then...

Okay.

Very good one.

My brother and I...

That's your vehicle.

My brother and I have this thing where we all...

Like Jonah will like text me randomly and be like, Do you remember this thing from our childhood?

And then for example, like, Skip-Its.

Do you remember Skip-Its?

No.

What are these?

Let me guess.

Skip-It Peanut Butter.

Whip-Its.

They're like, Whip-Its with peanut butter instead of nitrous?

Scott, you wish.

It's true.

This sounds good.

Like someone shooting peanut butter into your mouth?

Skip-Its are basically like a take on a jump rope, except you put...

So basically it's like...

You put it around your ankle on one leg.

Also it's miming, putting something around your ankle.

You put it around your ankle on one leg.

And then it sticks out and you have to jump in it.

And it goes around it.

So it's going around in a circle, which is horizontal to the ground.

Yes, and you have to jump over it.

And it counts how many times you jumped over it.

It counts.

It counts on it.

Oh, okay.

Mechanical.

It's like a fun game.

So it will be like Jonah...

So we'll text...

It's like, Jonah will be like, Do you remember Skip-Its?

I'll be like, Yeah.

And then...

Apropos of nothing.

Okay.

We'll start...

Like, one of us will start doing research on the thing.

Like, we know so much information about things from like the 80s and 90s that there's no reason.

Like, so we were like, Well, we have all this information we love looking into all of these fun and talking about all these fun nostalgic things.

We met as well do a podcast about them.

And on top of that, we'll get very famous from it.

As a sib, like we'll go...

As a sib lingo, oh.

Yeah.

Because you're already...

Up our ante.

Oh, I'm already a huge...

Huge star.

And your brother is in that band.

Yeah, my brother is in the band.

Well, he's in this band called United Nations.

Right.

Yeah.

So there...

So he's famous...

So he's huge...

But you guys are not famous as a duo.

No, that's a problem.

No one knows who you are.

One on one, you go, Whoa, look at that bear.

Look at that bear.

But as a duo, people don't...

Are you saying look at those bears?

Yeah.

And that's what we want.

At the end of the day, that's really what we want.

Look at those bears.

We want to be, you know, again, the hottest siblings in Hollywood.

I don't know.

Maybe the hottest siblings in the world.

What about the galaxy?

Do you think there are siblings out there on other planets that...

Yeah, I mean, look, is there life out there?

Yeah.

Would I like to think that they're not as famous as us?

Yeah.

Famous in their circles, I guess.

Yeah.

I mean, that's...

Because at this point, we...

They're so not famous, we don't even know if it exists.

Well, what I've learned as a huge celebrity is that everything is relative.

Yes.

Okay.

Famous relative.

Right.

So you can only be as famous as people are...

As people think you're famous.

Yes.

That's great.

And at the end of the day, how famous you are is really all that matters.

Right.

And how famous you are is based on how famous people think you are.

And what I meant to say actually was, how famous you think you are is what matters the most.

Right.

Even though it is nice to genuinely be extremely famous, you...

Thinking you're famous...

Thinking you're famous at the end.

Even if you're not famous...

Yeah.

Is what counts.

That's really profound.

And I don't know what that's like because I am, you know what I mean?

You don't have to think it because you just are it.

Yeah.

Vanessa Beyer is here.

Well, I meditate every day.

Do you really?

What time?

Really good day.

First thing in the morning and sometime in the afternoon.

Twice a day.

Yeah.

Plus vitamins.

I take vitamin D, I take vitamin B, I take...

All the E's.

All the E's sound- Yeah.

...gramming letters probably.

Yeah.

B, C, D, E.

I think I actually do...

I might take E and I take...

I take pepcid for acid reflux and I don't...

I'm not just saying that because I want pepcid to send me free pepcid.

But we are...

I mean, we are sponsored by pepcid.

There's...

I'm sorry, sure.

Yeah.

We are sponsored by pepcid.

Do you think...

I mean, this is incredible.

Could we get you a pepcid contract?

Would you...

If pepcid were to contact you...

And I pray that they do.

But if they were to contact you and say, Vanessa, we want you to be the face of pepcid.

We want you to be the star of our ad campaign, where you're talking about how...

Like you have acid reflux and like you get grossed like, bile in your mouth and...

That's not...

And I mean, you know, it's...

It's ostensibly that, right?

It's essentially...

That's what...

It's different for everyone.

There's GERD, there's acid reflux.

You know.

Yeah.

But I mean, that's what I'm assuming happens to you, right?

You just get like...

Like suddenly your throat is filled with just like, grossed stuff and you're like burping weird grossed burps all the time and stuff.

That's not really how it presents.

In any case, what if pepcid were to contact you and say, we want you to be the face of our...

And we want you to talk about it.

Remember, remember Katy Perry did those like, skin care commercials where they...

Oh, um...

I was like, did someone go into her computer and steal like, pictures of her with terrible skin?

And no, she put them out there herself because she would be in pain by some company.

It can't think of the name of that company.

A lot of...

It didn't work, did it.

She did it for nothing.

We don't remember the name of it.

All we remember is those blotchy pictures.

If I saw it though, I would remember it.

If you see anything you would remember it.

Like I would associate her with it.

Oh, that's good.

See, but would you do it for pepcid is my question.

Well, you know, I've learned one thing from...

If I've learned one thing from Hollywood, Scott?

It's holly weird.

Holly weird.

It's that it's all about dollar dollar dollar.

Yeah.

As I say, it's all about dollar dollar dollar dollar.

Yeah, that's catchy.

I like that.

It rolls off the tongue.

It truly does.

Well, how did we get weird is out there right now?

About a couple episodes have already come out.

Yes.

With another one this week, I would imagine.

Yes.

And what are the products that you talk or the nostalgic things that you have covered so far?

Well, okay.

So we've had a lot of fun.

So we asked the guests to bring in a thing that they really...

Oh, so we have guests?

Do you even mention that?

We have guests.

We have...

Oh my God.

It's the hottest celebrity guests.

We have...

And it is really fun because I have a lot of friends who are comedians.

My brother has a lot of friends who are musicians.

Yeah.

You're going to get...

You know, back then it.

Laura Jane Grace.

Bobby Moynihan.

I mean, those are just to name a few.

And I've already named some of the hottest celebs in...

Incredible.

And they are...

To get Bobby Moynihan.

They are genuinely great at their friends.

And we love them.

But...

So we'll be like to the guest, like bring in something that you loved growing up.

And so like what...

But wait, how many people actually...

Oh, bring it into...

Don't mean physically.

No, not physically.

Because if you were to say like, remember that thing from your...

Child did that you loved?

Go get it.

Yeah.

Bring in.

I would say Vanessa, I'm sorry.

I want to be your friend so bad that I can't.

Bring in the idea.

So like with Beck, he wanted to talk about lean pockets.

What are lean pockets?

They...

So they're hot pockets.

Remember hot pockets?

Vaguely.

I know that Jim Gaffkin has a joke about it.

Okay.

So they're like a...

It's almost like a little calzone that you like.

Like a mini pizza with...

Yeah.

That you have to heat up in a microwave.

Something like that.

Very big in the 90s.

I mean, I think they're so...

Very pretty.

Relatively big today.

But there was a low calorie...

Response would buy hot pockets.

Would that surprise you?

That would...

Maybe surprise me.

But look, it's a great company.

I would be actually really impressed by that.

Would you like some free hot pockets?

Would love.

To take home with you?

Would love.

In your own cold pockets?

It's warm and wet.

It's got...

I'm honest with you.

God, we're hitting it off.

We really are.

And by the way, nothing weird about it.

I truly just...

Totally.

I'm...

I've been married for a long time and not in a way where it's running out of steam either.

I truly just...

I truly just want a deep, deep, meaningful friendship with you.

No, I appreciate that.

And I love the press this is giving me.

Great.

Go ahead.

Lean pockets.

So lean pockets.

These are a leaner type of hot pockets.

They were a lower fat version of hot pockets.

And we spent a long time talking about them.

And they were...

And it was very fun to talk about the commercials.

Like the leaner...

Do you have to do all the research or does Beck come in?

We.

With a bunch of research.

My brother and I and our producers do it.

But my brother and I really like looking this kind of stuff up.

Right.

So we looked it up and we watched a lot of the lean pockets commercials.

And they were extremely insane.

Where it's always like a man.

And he's eating lean pockets.

Of course it's a man.

And his wife gets home.

Oh, what a nag.

And she goes, what happened to my lean pockets?

Again, there's like...

You know, yeah, what...

It's her lean pockets because they're low fat.

So they're for the woman.

Yes, exactly.

Like why would a man have to worry about his figure?

She can't figure out what happened to them.

Even though there's one other living person in her house.

And then he is like...

How many dead people are in her house?

He realizes.

Ghosts. I mean, can you believe in ghosts?

Well, I do now because...

Isn't that just from that?

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

Just me saying, do you believe in ghosts?

Okay.

Do you think they're around us right now?

Yeah.

Are they bored?

I think I don't think they are during...

I don't think they are right now.

I think sometimes when they go around.

I mean, listening to this conversation.

No, I know.

I was kind of getting ready to give a little burn.

Oh, cool.

Yeah, hit me with it.

That's going to go.

I don't think they are now.

I can't say for your other podcast, Scott.

Okay.

Meaning my other shows are the other episodes of this show.

The other episodes of this show.

And your other shows.

And my other show.

Oh, okay.

So all encompassing there.

Great.

That's good.

That's a good burn.

I enjoyed that.

I can't say they're not all...

I can't say...

I can't say they're going to go Sarah following you around our board sometimes, Scott.

Good.

I like it.

So now you guys watch these lean pockets commercials and let me guess.

She comes in and goes, where are my lean pockets?

Yeah.

You fat piece of shit.

Why would you be eating them?

You can't possibly be eating them.

Because you're a man.

You don't care about me being attracted to you.

And he goes, no, I like the taste so much that I ate them.

No, no, no, no.

First of all, he is shocked that he is eating lean pockets.

Oh, he thinks that they're regular hot pockets.

He goes, what?

And what makes no sense about that is that he probably made them.

So he had to open it.

You had to look at the box.

He had to look at the box that said lean pockets, had all the nutritional information on it.

And he made it.

And he's acting surprised that they were lean pockets, even though he made them.

And then the other thing is, like in one of them, he's underneath a sink, like fixing doing something manly.

So this follows the same couple over various...

No, no, no.

So she gets home.

Campiner lean pocket.

Cut to the husband.

How long does the commercial take with her looking for the lean pockets?

Is that like the first...

Just like the one shot of her going like looking at the box.

So it's not like 20 seconds long?

No, no, she's like, what?

Where's I lean pocket?

So not montage, like going into the...

Like...

No, no, no.

She's not like running around searching for it.

She just sees the box.

She doesn't know what happened to it.

And he's underneath the sink, or doing some kind of quote unquote manly chore.

Yeah.

And he's eating the lean pocket at the same time.

And he's like, oh crap.

She's going to see that I'm eating this lean pocket.

First of all, shock that it's a lean pocket.

Second of all, what does it say about me?

What does it say about me that I'm eating a lean pocket?

I have to hide this from my wife, or she will think I am less than.

What's he do, stick it in the garbage disposal?

He finishes it as fast as he can.

I mean, they're going to...

You assume that after the commercial is over, they're going to have some kind of a sit down.

Right.

Some sort of discussion and angry one, probably.

And is he going to lie to her?

I think that's the thing is like show healthy relate.

It's like, why couldn't he just go, I first of all, why couldn't he go, I know this isn't saying to you.

Yeah, but...

I didn't know it was a lean pocket.

I took it out of the box.

I didn't have any idea.

Like, I guess...

Or what if I were in this situation, and I have a wonderful relationship with my wife, nothing wrong there.

And that's not why I want to hang out with you.

Okay, I just want to make that clear.

But if she were to come home and say, like, what happened to my lean pockets, I would say, oh, I'm so sorry.

I, we share a communal refrigerator and freezer, and I saw them in there and assumed that they were anyone's game.

So I ate them, but let me go down to the store and buy you, if you're really in the mood for them now, and she'd probably go like, oh, no, I don't care.

I was just looking for something to eat, and I knew I bought those.

And then we would move on.

Yeah.

Right.

Now, the one thing that really does happen with these guys in the commercial is they are genuinely shocked that those are lean pockets that they're eating.

So you might also have to say to her, look, I don't know what happened.

Why didn't know it was a lean, something's going on with me.

I don't know if I have to go to the doc, like I- Why am I not allowed to eat lean pockets?

In my voice.

No, no, I'm not saying you're not allowed.

I'm saying I'm addressing problem number one, which is that you genuinely didn't know it was a lean pocket.

But why, why would I not know that?

Is there something wrong with my brain?

Well, that's what I'm saying.

In this commercial, these guys are genuinely surprised.

Do I have like some sort of brain cancer?

That's- Well, look, I don't want to take it to that level, but something is going on.

Something is going on.

Some sort of aphasia or like I'm not recognizing- Or is this guy going through his day so hungry that he sees like, he's so hungry, he's- He's hungry blind.

Yeah.

Yeah, he just opens like, he sees a box.

And then it's like- It just tears it open like a bear.

And then it's like, why don't we need to talk about your nutrition?

Like you need to be having a really solid breakfast every day.

Yeah. So you don't come home.

And you're blindly eating like whatever, especially if it's like, because I could see from her point of view, you know, I came home, I really wanted my like sausage and cheese.

I've been craving it.

I look, I make all the money in this relationship.

Yeah.

I'm a doctor.

I know that's surprising because I'm a woman, but I happen to be a doctor.

The mom, the parent was the woman or- Right, exactly.

Yeah.

I get home on my way home.

I'm like, hey, I remember I bought those lean pockets.

That's a skinny treat for me.

And they taste great.

Yeah.

Looking forward to that, I get home.

Suddenly, first of all, I bought a box.

How many are in a box?

Six, at least?

There's only one in a box.

What?

I think they come single- Why do they put it in a box then?

Look, I don't know what to tell you.

They always- It might be two in a box, but- The only thing that comes one to a box is like an action figure.

Well, I think about a microwaveable.

I mean, this is the same as- A microwave.

That comes one in a box.

A microwaveable dinner.

Oh, a microwaveable dinner.

Yeah.

You're not going to get multiple microwaveable dinners in a box.

Those are called microwaveable snacks.

And the thing about lean pockets is I think they are, for some people, a meal.

That's true.

I mean, some people treat them like a meal.

I don't know that necessarily, nutritionally, they should be a meal.

Yeah.

Do they talk about that in the commercial?

No.

A lot of emissions.

And it's commercial.

Did you bring that up on this episode with Beck Bennett?

Well, I want people to listen.

Oh, so you do.

Okay.

But spoiler, it's coming.

Okay.

Wonderful.

People, you know, if you've- Assuming people haven't gotten enough info yet, I want them to come to our podcast to hear the rest.

Do you think we've teased them enough?

I think so.

I think just enough.

Interesting.

Well, Beck Bennett, that is episode one or- That is episode one.

Well, technically it's episode two.

Episode one is my brother and I reviewing the movie, Shallow How.

Great.

Positive review.

It's so good.

It's- I'd like people to take a listen.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah.

We'll see where you- Subscribe to- It maybe felt dated when it came out.

Yeah.

I don't know that it stands up and I don't know that ever did.

Well, how did we get weird?

It's wonderful to have another, you know, I can't say like sibling necessarily, but certainly a distant cousin in the podcast family.

It's wonderful to look around and see another podcast has popped up.

And I want to say too, I know that we're not technically on the same network.

No.

And I think it's really big of you to have me on this podcast to promote my podcast.

I mean, that's what a guy who's looking for a long-term friendship would do for another person.

Very cool.

I am cool, right?

Right?

Yeah.

I'm cool.

Right.

Yeah.

Like maybe not in a traditional way, but like where, you know, where like you look at me and go like, I don't know, there's something- how would you say, Jenna?

Jenna?

Yeah.

No.

All right.

Well, how did we get weird?

Uh, is out there right now?

I suggest everyone listen to it.

It's wonderful to have Vanessa here on the show.

You can stick around for the entire show, right?

Because we have other guests that we have to talk to.

I need you here.

Yeah.

I'll stick around.

Oh, God.

Okay.

You are really withholding, but that just makes me want it more.

We have coming up after the break.

We have a lightning enthusiast.

We also have a rapper.

This is an incredible show.

And of course, Vanessa Bayer, half of those Hollywood bears is here.

We're going to be right back with more comedy bang bang.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

This is Vanessa Bayer.

Of course, first time on the show.

She didn't come on to promote any of her movies, didn't come on to promote any of her television shows.

But now that she has a podcast, oh, guess who gets a call?

That's right.

Finally, she's on my playing field and decides to come on to comedy bang bang.

Well, it's wonderful to have her, of course.

Are you going to go back to Saturday Night Live and like, who did that?

Didn't Chris Parnell did that?

Right?

He left and then he came back like two years later.

Are you going to do that?

I thought he came back right after.

I thought he came back pretty soon.

What the next Saturday?

Just George Costanza did.

But you're going to go back.

You're going to rejoin the cast?

I don't know that I will, but I sure do love them.

Yeah, of course.

Oh, love who?

The cast.

The current cast?

Yeah.

Not the cast you were on with.

Well, I love the cast I was on with the most, but I love the current cast too.

Do you love?

Okay, so it's been on for now, what, 48 years or something like that?

I think it's 47, right?

Because 75.

So do you rank the cast like?

Oh, all the time.

Yeah.

That's all I do.

You know what we haven't done yet is we haven't picked your SNL Dream 7 cast.

God.

That sounds like the most fun thing I guess.

Isn't it fun?

Anytime we have an SNL person on, we do.

Oh, yeah.

That's what I want.

Yeah.

I want to leave a lot of people out of that list.

I think everyone's so great.

See, I would pick people who have not been on yet, because the people who have been on, they've been on it.

They don't want to do it again.

You don't want to do it again.

Right, right, right, right.

You know what I mean?

I'd pick like, you know, Adolf Hitler and, you know, Jesus.

Good luck.

I think you're good.

Do you think those two would get along?

Or would they be like a Chevy Chase and a Bill Murray, like constantly squabbling?

That's it.

Okay.

All right.

Well, Vanessa, you can stick around.

We have a great guest that we have to get to.

Are you interested in the weather?

Oh, I love the weather.

Yeah.

When it's up there, we need it.

Always.

It's so important.

Yeah, totally.

It's above us most of the time and also surrounding us.

That's the thing about weather.

Certainly is.

Well, we have someone who is an enthusiast of a certain type of weather and we have to welcome him to the show right now.

He's never been on.

Please welcome to the show, Brent Finley.

Hi, Brent.

Hello, Scott.

Thank you so much.

You seem surprised when I said your name.

Well, I just, I can't believe it.

I've been looking forward to this and I'm just so happy.

Up until the moment you said it, it's like it's not going to happen.

I thought you were going to get bumped, huh?

I'm a pessimist.

I was like, you're a pessimist?

I am.

I was watching the clock and I was like, hey, Vanessa, I'm a big fan.

I'm happy that you're here, but I was like, you guys share a cabin.

You thought that was going a little long?

I thought, I felt selfishly I did.

For the whole hell of a day.

The Leopockets chunk, though, was really gold.

I thought we really dug deep on that.

You really locked in then.

Before that, I was nervous, then you locked in.

Didn't like it before then.

Yeah, well, I was worried.

Actually, I was glad for any moments of awkwardness.

Yeah, worried for whom, for Vanessa, the reaction to Vanessa, worried for me as a show.

You were the show.

You was the personification of the show.

You were worried that people like...

That if there were awkward moments between the two of you, that they would blame it squarely on you, you would pay the price.

Yeah, but I don't think that happened, so we don't have to worry about it.

Okay, great.

But then I had another worry.

If they get along too well, it's going to bump my time.

It's going to bump you, yeah.

Which I believed was happening up until the moment you said my name.

I really wanted to get along with her that well.

I think you did get along with her.

She iced me.

Oh, but not that well.

She iced me out.

You got a little iced, but hey, it's the first time you're talking on the show, right?

It might be an appropriate amount of distance.

I'm not even talking about it.

I was like, it was a little bit of history together.

Look, I've done podcasts before this one, all right?

Yeah.

Let me give you some advice.

Wait, who have you done?

Oh, I've done tons.

Clonero Brian?

Don't come to a bit.

Clonero Brian several times.

What?

Yeah, I sneak in there in between his interviews with big comedians.

He loves people who are into the weather.

Another guy, by the way, who suddenly got a podcast and decided to come on this show.

Not for any other reason.

Oh, you couldn't talk to him before that?

You were stiffed by old Mr. O'Byrms.

Given the old Heisman by Mr. O'Byrms.

Hey, you don't get to that.

You don't get to where he is in the industry without playing pretty tough, I bet.

Yeah.

I'm not an entertainment guy.

I'm not a Hollywood guy.

Well, when you're at his level, a lot of people want your time.

And you got to be judicial with it.

Yeah, maybe that's...

He's just a Vanessa.

You know.

Oh, of course, Vanessa's put her in the same level of the arc.

As Mr. O'Byrms?

I think so.

If there was an arc and you had to put two of every comedian on or what?

Two of every...

Just...

Like a...

Put everybody on.

Oh, like a Noah's arc.

Noah's arc.

Oh, okay.

I thought you meant an arc like...

A story arc?

Well...

Are you a writer?

I mean, hey, I dabble.

You know, I've never...

It's not my profession, okay?

Okay, but you...

You write what narrative...

Wait.

I do a little narrative to say, I've never been published.

This is embarrassing.

I've never been published.

Sometimes in my house, I'll scribble away a couple of stories.

Are we talking novels or are we talking about...

I do novel and plays.

I'm in fiction.

You don't do novels, maybe a play.

Because when one says arc and one makes the...

The little...

You're doing the motion...

The little swoop of like...

You are minding a sort of...

Most...

I would say 99% of the people in Vanessa, maybe you'll back me up with this.

Okay.

Maybe not, I don't know.

But 99% of the people are not going to say, like a story arc?

It just sort of family feud.

And this was the most alienating question ever.

And they were like, what do you think of when we say the word arc?

What do you think is number one on the board?

I don't even think people go to...

Like a wall?

To Noah's arc.

I think people think ARC.

Okay.

Like mathematically.

Like a section of a circle.

Yeah.

So the fear of a basketball.

The fear of a basketball.

Interesting.

Scott, I think he got a...

I think they're out there thinking in terms of fables and stories.

If you say ARC, people think Noah...

People lock into story structure.

Yeah.

Three acts.

They think Noah first.

Noah but I thought.

And then second story structure.

He was the origin artist.

He was the best to ever do it.

Vanessa?

What's your opinion on who does good arcs?

You're...

Religion.

You believe in...

You're religion.

That's the...

That's the half that you do believe in, right?

Um...

Yeah.

The half of the...

The early Bible.

I believe...

Yeah, I only believe in the old.

Right.

Because what's the last book of that first part of the Bible, that first testament of the Bible?

What's the last one?

I don't know.

But then suddenly it goes to like...

Matthew or whatever it is and it's like...

I think...

I don't...

I'm not buying any of this.

I've read the first book of the Bible only and then I got bored and I...

Genesis.

That's it.

And you were out.

You made your exodus out of that read in that book.

Is that the next book?

It truly is.

Okay.

Okay, thank God.

What if it was Deuteronomy?

Could you have worked that into it?

What if it says...

Maybe you have a revelation?

That's the last one of the other book.

By then it gets crazy.

Am I right?

Oh.

It's like I wasn't buying the whole like...

God has a son part of it.

And then you add like locusts and...

and weird dreams into it.

It's like, come on man.

Sounds nuts.

I lied...

I have read something besides Genesis.

I've read Psalms.

Oh really?

Some of them.

Which one's your favorite?

Number five.

I don't remember what it is but I just remember taking a note of it and be like five is good.

I gotta hold on to that one.

But I'll have to look it up again.

Well, Brent Finley is here.

He's a...

How's this going by the way?

It's going really well.

Yeah, he's a part-time amateur screenwriter.

Yeah, that's right.

But I primarily Scott I'm a lightning and...

Lightning and fusi...

What does that mean?

Explain that to Vanessa.

That means I am enthusiastic about lightning.

I like lightning bolts.

I'm fascinated by them.

I think they're beautiful.

I like photographs of them.

I like reading about them.

I like getting out there.

We need to run them.

What is...

There's not a lot.

There's...

They're pretty short right now.

There's not a ton of original material.

I think that is a gap that should be filled.

I think people could be writing a lot more about lightning.

Yeah, I guess I can imagine scientific papers.

But once those run out, it's like...

There's not a lot of fiction.

And they're pretty dry.

Yeah.

They're pretty...

There's not a lot that really captures the fun of lightning.

But you like reading about them.

Yes, I dig into it.

Or you would like reading about them if there was momentum.

What little I can do, I'm excited to do it.

Right.

You ever see lightning, Vanessa?

Oh, sure.

What's your opinion on it?

Oh, I think it's very cool.

And you know, I don't know if you know about all of the electricity stuff that's related to lightning.

Oh, yeah. Do you know anything?

Yes.

Yes, I have heard of electricity.

And I know that it's related to lightning.

Yes.

I don't know if you've ever heard of a little guy named Benjamin Fwing.

No, yes.

I've very much heard of Benjamin Finkler.

He was besieged and besought by lightning at one point in his life.

He sought it out.

He couldn't get enough of it.

He was like a lightning freak for a little short period of his life.

For a little period of his life, he was like, what's going on with these eyeballs of mine?

And then he invented, of course, the stove.

The stove.

Yes.

And he was like...

He warmed him up.

He's like, they were chilly and then he warmed him up with the four potbellied stove.

But then there was like a three-year period where he was like, let me go out in the fucking rain and fly this kite.

And he was just a real weird...

That's all he could talk about.

But that's like Act 2 of Hamilton.

Yeah, it's exactly like that.

Yeah.

It's basically they deal with that.

Aren't there just two acts in Hamilton?

Yeah.

It's the whole second act is just basically like Benjamin Franklin and the rain.

Oh, yeah.

Passes Hamilton.

You forget that Benjamin Franklin's in Hamilton.

Oh, yeah.

People really overlook that.

People forget him.

Yeah.

He's in there.

Yeah.

So lightning, by the way, just for our listeners.

Okay.

When rain is coming down...

Oh, I've always forget to do this.

When you're a nerd about something, you forget to let go.

You think everyone knows everything about it.

Okay.

You go right to the deep stuff.

Scott, I appreciate it.

Vanessa and I were talking about this earlier.

Weather.

Oh, love.

Love it.

Okay.

But occasionally, the weather turns a little...

Well, there's no other way to describe that boat went.

That's absolutely right.

That's 100% on the money.

Now, droplets of what we call rain are coming down out of the sky.

Yeah.

Okay.

And it can be surprising.

If you're not ready for it, it can really throw you off.

It truly is something where it's like...

If you're walking down the street and you have them in ready for it, and some water falls out of it...

Oh my gosh.

Has the ocean turned upside down?

You go, what?

Yeah.

Yeah, exactly.

Are you like, what?

Yeah, I mean, very degrees of what's.

Yeah, yeah.

But...

Or maybe...

Was that your little John impression, by the way?

Sorry, I was snuckin' in.

I write novels and I do some really obscure...

Okay.

Not a...

I do select...

Well, we have a wrapper coming up, so I want you to debut it for him and see what he thinks about it.

Oh, get his opinion.

But every once in a while, this ring will be coming down, and then suddenly, what comes out, but a big...

Like, I guess...

Yeah, there's no way we'd describe it, but like a big light in the sky?

Like someone flipping on a light switch.

This is something I've always had trouble with, is how do you describe it?

Yeah.

And so you know it when you see it.

Like if lightning happens, I'm like, that's it?

That's what it is.

Somebody says, what'd you see?

I'm like, oh, it's like...

It's sort of like a light beam, but...

Yeah, I wouldn't.

I have a real easy way to describe it.

Oh, great. Let's see it.

Zigzag lights.

ZZLs.

Vanessa, I know you have a successful career, but a quick pitch.

If you ever wanted to write about lightning, there is a dearth of material.

I mean, that's a title, as far as I'm concerned.

Yeah.

And maybe even an opening sentence.

Yeah, it's like Zigzag lights.

That's like the hook of the whole thing, Zigzag lights.

Yeah, I saw Zigzag lights.

Yeah, I was browsing Project Gutenberg for textile-made versions of these stories, where they show the first couple lines in the table of contents, and it said, like, lightning is like Zigzag lights.

Let me tell you something.

I'm downloading that zip file.

Yeah, incredible.

How long does a file like that usually take?

On my personal internet connection?

Yeah, what do you...

Dile up.

I got eight...

I got eight BBs.

Are you still on 3G?

What is that?

Oh, you're not even there yet.

I think I'm on 1G.

Oh, no.

But I save a bundle.

I get it.

I understand.

The money you save for one hand...

I'm sure there's...

...it's worth it.

There's not a lot of money in lightning enthusiasm.

So far, none.

So far, zero.

Okay.

But I am paid quite well in passion.

Oh, okay.

So you're not money.

No money.

But you have a lot of passion and you pay yourself...

I am a year self-employed.

...yourself employed.

I am self-employed and I declare my passion as a form of currency.

Okay.

There's no need to declare it to the government because they're not interested.

But I am invested in my days.

Have you told them about it?

I let them know all the time.

Every quarter I write a handwritten letter to the US government say, just letting you know, by my own measurement, I've gotten five units of passion this quarter.

And they never ask for...

They always write back.

They do.

This is the thing.

If you write a handwritten letter to the IRS, they will...

Because these guys are...

They're lonely.

I would imagine everybody is only...

Everybody is only mad at the IRS.

Yeah, they all they get are these angry letters.

...and like accusations.

Yeah, and then they get, you know, whatever this is from you.

It's not a handwritten letter.

What do you mean, whatever this is?

I mean, it's not a love letter.

Oh, yeah.

It's not the total opposite of the hate mail that they get.

It's a little more in between.

I'm into check-in.

I'm checking in with the...

Here's something romantic about a handwritten letter, though, you know.

Yeah.

It's intimate, for sure.

Yeah.

I mean, look, if some...

I'm interested.

Have you...

Has a friendship ever sparked up with any of these?

I wouldn't call it a friendship.

I had this man named Glenn.

He and I do exchange letters.

I would say, gosh, it's so tough with mail friendships, how to categorize it.

There's not a great vocabulary for the levels.

You're either best friend or it's like a guy you work on.

A guy you know.

And there's a body of mine.

There's no one that you can be like, you know what?

I'm really close to this person.

But...

Like with romantic relationships, you could say, I'm...

That's my clue.

Got some dates with.

I'm seeing someone.

I'm dating someone.

It's my baby mama.

Or baby mama is one of the levels.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, you could say.

There's so many...

I'm a baby mama with.

Yes, so many different...

But with a guy friend is like...

Who is my friend?

That's it.

There's no...

And...

But in reality, of course, there's a lot of nuance to that.

How do you feel about him?

I would move furniture for him.

Okay.

For people...

For people in beer?

For free.

I would expect pizza in beer, but if he didn't offer it, I wouldn't be mad.

But I would not go to a family function of his.

That...

Oh.

We are not there yet.

Not there yet.

So somewhere, whatever that is.

Okay, and do you hope together, or if it gets there fine?

Yes, of course.

We all want more friendships.

We all want higher quality relationships.

Exactly.

And especially...

Lightening enthusiasts are just people.

Yeah.

That's what I tell everybody.

So tell us about this lightning enthusiasm.

What happens is you go out and do a storm.

Okay.

And you just...

You hope to see some.

You get a camera.

If you ever go out when it's not raining, and you're like, God, I hope it rains.

Yeah, because sometimes it can really come on you quick.

So if I'll walk out there sometimes, and just roll the dice.

Yeah.

Like literally.

Like, I would imagine you would usually try to do it in the months between October through...

Those are the best months to do it.

But I've been known in the middle of July on Bastille Day to walk on out and look for the rain.

Yeah.

And how are you celebrating Bastille Day before then?

Before the moment I go out...

Yeah.

You know, I'm in there just rooting on the revolutionaries.

Sure, sure.

Hey, as a writer, I'm on the side of the story.

And Bastille Day is about the revolutionaries, I think.

Storming, I think...

Storming though.

Storming the...

Is that what gave you the idea?

You were like, storm.

Let's say yes.

Let's say that I read about storming the Bastille, and then I'm like, You know what this makes me think of?

Let me...

Hey, I'm not doing anything.

I don't have a job.

I'll head out and maybe a storm will hit.

Right?

Certainly, if there is one, I want to be there.

Yeah, and suddenly...

Oh, I'm sorry.

You're supposed to be the one who follows up on that.

Yeah, I'll tell you about my life.

I thought, had you been following me?

You were going to just start telling me about my life?

No, no, I was like setting you up to really knock it down.

Oh, really?

But apparently...

But I biffed it.

Nothing happened.

Nothing happened in the middle of July.

Yeah.

Sometimes reality.

Usually you want to get out there in like April or something.

That makes more sense.

Yeah.

Tons of great storms then.

So anyway, you look up and like...

Yeah.

When you...

What do you do?

Do you look up?

Do you look down?

You know what?

I've never thought about this, but I do tend to look up.

Maybe I should next time try to look down.

Well, because in my mind, if you're looking down, then suddenly it happens.

You can be like, whoa!

Can I parse that a little bit?

When you say in your mind, if I'm looking down, does that mean when you're picturing me looking down?

Yeah, I'm picturing...

Okay, so...

In your mind when I'm looking down.

I'm picturing you in my mind.

Yes.

And you're looking down and...

Weirdly, you're not at your house because I've never seen your house.

You're at my house.

Well, in this context, that makes sense.

Because I've only seen the places I've seen.

You know what I mean, Vanessa?

I mean, this is like, you've only seen the places you've seen.

I wrote this down.

If I saw it, I would remember it.

Right, right.

What are the places you've seen?

I have to go soon.

What?

Oh, nothing.

What are the places you've seen in your life?

You can't go...

Um...

Oh, all kinds.

Yeah.

All kinds?

Name two.

Two kinds of places.

A school.

And...

I just can't do it.

That's tough.

Well, I'm the spot.

I'm the spot.

And then the university.

Oh!

Great.

No, that's different.

That's different.

Oh, I don't know.

Like a grade school and a university.

They're very different.

Those are very different places.

The grade school's smaller.

Smoke in one, I guess.

But...

University's much bigger.

University contains all sorts of life.

That's a different...

A university is totally different.

Okay.

Well, in any case, does that answer your question?

I forget what it was.

You were asking me about what I was picturing.

And I was picturing a new...

Oh, yeah, it does.

Thank you.

Yes.

I was picturing you wandering around.

Yes.

And you were looking down.

Mm-hmm.

And then lightning happens.

Because it...

And there's no...

You know, thunder...

As a...

Yes.

You know, thunder, right?

Is thunder before lightning or is that after lightning?

Um...

I always forget.

Let me...

I think it's after.

This should be something you know.

I should.

I'll be honest.

I am...

I am all a Twitter.

I am a...

You're a lightning guy.

You're not a thunder guy.

I'm not a thunder guy.

Why does it...

The lightning strikes and I tend to tune out.

But I think the thunder happens some seconds after that.

Yeah.

And then...

And sometimes if you...

If you count...

Like, 1,001, 1,002, 1,003, you can put yourself to sleep.

Which is what you want to do.

Yeah.

Because the thunder is scary.

So if you can fall asleep in between the lightning and the thunder, you have saved yourself a little bit of pain.

Well, you can use that counting technique to fall asleep, whether there's thunder or not.

That's a good point.

Oh my God.

I've never...

Caught it.

Should we try it?

All right.

Let's give it a shot.

1,001, 1,002, 1,003, 1,004, 1,005, 1,005, 1,005, 1,005.

I don't know.

It's not working for...

Wait, it looks like it's working for...

Brent Finley.

Brent's asleep.

You look so cute, doesn't he?

He should go.

He said, Torp, you have to go?

Why?

No, I just...

You are...

Are you uncomfortable here with...

Is it Brent?

Yeah, I do.

See, creeping you up?

Having a blast, but I just...

I'm having a good...

He looks so cute.

No, I want your pinches cheeks.

I go...

Oh my God.

Almost that.

That was like lightning...

Of the voice...

Of the snore.

He's really out.

Should we wake him?

Probably because he's gonna be so pissed that he didn't get all of his info out.

Yeah, do it.

Do you have a stick...

You could poke him with?

I think you could probably just...

I don't think you need a stick unless you're afraid of touching his shoulder.

I maybe use nature stick in my finger.

I've never really called that before.

Have you heard any other part of the body called nature stick?

Never mind.

Let me use this here.

I'm gonna poke him here.

Hey!

Oh my God.

Oh my gosh, did I...

Are you?

Was I just out?

You were...

You...

Oh, yeah, you actually fell asleep.

I'm so embarrassed.

Well, no, it's okay because we were...

We were trying, but...

We were trying, but you're the only one who actually did it.

Oh, it was pretty quick.

Yeah.

Oh, that's...

That's what a mortifying experience is.

No, it's okay.

I don't think it's ever been done on this show.

I mean, occasionally some people have fallen asleep on this show before.

Yes, but I believe that was voted out.

I heard that episode.

I heard that episode was voted off the end.

Wasn't that convention...

Wasn't...

I know there was somebody who used to appear when people fell asleep.

Yeah.

It was pretty...

I would say aggressively voted out.

I don't think so.

I think it was just the fans...

Just the fans spoke.

So, you know...

Sometimes the people who might have been the one to bring up that convention feel that they have to honor the continuity of this insane anthology.

I don't think so, but in any case...

What is your favorite lightning?

Oh, thank you, Frassee.

What a great question.

My favorite lightning is the song, Lightning Crashes.

By Live.

Yep.

That's my favorite lightning.

Their band name is so close to being lightning.

That's what...

They said they take a hard right...

I always assumed they wanted it to be lightning.

And they just didn't have the guts to follow through.

There's some kind of marketing guy got to them and said you're living...

Whoa, they were at a press conference.

And they said, our band name is lie.

And they were about to say, tzning.

And the applause started.

And a press guy comes in and goes, Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa...

Vuh, everyone, vuh!

Yeah, he got involved.

Yeah.

And so...

And then they...

You've been to these kinds of forms.

I know most bands when they start.

It's a press conference that announces their name.

Yeah.

Well, it's such a problematic name because it's...

Is it live?

I have always thought that they would do much better if their name was lightning.

Yeah.

Oh, thank you for saying that.

That's true.

Oh my gosh, what a generous thing.

I don't think there's ever been a band called lightning, has there?

Can you name one?

I'm trying to think.

Oh, there was lightning.

I mean, yeah, if...

I guess if you had to name it...

Yeah, I forgot about lightning.

But I don't know if it existed.

That'd be cheating.

Yeah, but...

So my dream...

What's your dream?

Is to someday be hit by lightning.

Whoa!

That's one part of it that we haven't even talked about.

Oh my gosh.

That's my dream.

I would love to experience...

Now, I know it's dangerous.

For the listener, basically this lightning comes down...

The zigzag lights.

The zigzag lights, yeah.

Comes down in like, I don't know, a thunderbolt.

Like, have you ever seen Shazam?

This is the best reference.

Which, by the way, you know, I'm not Captain Marvel because I just said it.

I didn't turn into him.

That's how you can tell.

Yeah.

Whenever I have some kind of...

That's how you can trick a Shazam.

...suspended a Shazam.

I'll be like, if someone I think they're a Shazam, I'll be like, well, just say Shazam.

And if they do it and they don't turn like, okay, now I believe you.

But so...

That may be good if that happened to everybody.

Like, if a cop said copy, like his uniform appears.

They have to tell you if you are, if they are one though.

That's what every person who does drugs tells me, but I've never heard of the least but it's not actually practical.

Yeah.

But if Shazam has to tell you that if they're a Shazam as well.

Shazam has no choice because when they say Shazam it just happens.

Am I a Shazam?

Oh, shit.

Like, a Dracula doesn't have to tell you.

Like, Dracula can say Dracula all the time.

Then nothing gets revealed.

They love it. They love saying Dracula.

They're big third person people.

Yeah. I mean, as a writer, I always notice some tenses and points of view.

Yeah.

But in any case, this thing comes down.

It's the exact lights.

And zigzag lights.

And if it hits you, you get all like, like microwaved.

You know what I mean?

I don't want to know what it's like.

It looks like it kind of fries you.

It looks like a tremendous amount of heat.

Right.

You know, goes to your body.

But I think it's got to be magic.

I think that's got to be something special.

I actually know someone who this happened to.

Really?

Holy man.

The Shazam part or the lightning part?

Well, both.

But I'm not going to talk about the other one.

Oh, OK.

The lightning part.

And he got like, I don't, he's a friend or a friend.

And she showed me a picture of him.

And he just has like, almost like it looks like veins just like.

Like a spider web of veins at the, at the institution point.

Exactly.

Oh, crazy.

God.

Yeah.

See, I want some of that.

Oh, man.

That's like the ultimate tattoo.

The ultimate body modification.

God's tattoo.

Yeah.

Yes.

God's tattoo free tattoo.

I want it.

So badly.

I've tried so hard.

I've gone out into storms riddled with coat hangers.

Just trying to increase my conduct to yourself with those.

Well, you just sort of like, you ask yourself a question.

Do you like go into the closet and put on a jacket?

And you're like, oh, God, this already had the coat hanger in it?

Or is this a good?

Sometimes I'll do that.

You know, and then stick a couple around my hands, you know, wrap one around my head kind of.

Looking like you're a little dull dang, Edward Scissorhands or something.

Exactly.

Yeah.

That's some of my own, oh, Edward Scissorhands.

He probably got struck by lightning all the time.

Oh, he probably got all the time.

I just had the same thought.

Well, that guy had everything go on form.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

I mean, his hair looked like he was struck by lightning.

Am I right?

Oh, boy.

Did he ever?

I'm sorry.

But what a beautiful face on that creature, Edward Scissorhands.

Hello, Edward Scissorhands.

Johnny Depp.

Who's that?

Oh, he's this canceled celebrity, I guess, in today's climate.

He's speaking of climate.

Speaking of, yes.

Wow.

So I would love to get hit by lightning, and I can't make it happen.

Yeah.

Like, well, there were all kinds of metal.

I'll try to go up high on a hill, so you're closer to it.

Yeah.

You know, I'll try to be where there's no other metal thing.

Wow.

It almost happened to me.

Really?

And by sheer coincidence, a man in a metal ball rolled right up.

Like in a phantasm ball?

Yeah.

Like in a phanta, I don't know if he called it that, but he was in some sort of very complicated obstacle race.

And he rolled right up.

He was in a metal ball in the middle of a rainstorm.

It was some part.

He had a bunch of quests he had to do.

He was like sort of an amazing race situation.

Like a scavenger hunt kind of that?

Yeah, some kind of bunch of like, you know, you had to go find this and then answer this one and then put yourself in a metal ball.

And it was cool.

It was metal, so it wasn't clear.

How did he know where he was?

Because after he got hit by lightning, the lightning that sure had been mine, aw, struck him and it popped his little metal ball up in like an egg.

And he came out and he was all smoking, and his hair was all nuts.

And he was like, what happened?

I'm like, I hit by lightning, right?

Oh, my land.

Where were you?

This was out in a meadow just outside of Lansing, Michigan.

It's crazy that you guys were in the same.

You were so close.

That's what I think.

Yeah.

I had no idea that a race was close by.

Was the object that he was on the scavenger hunt for?

There in the field or something?

Or?

Yeah, he was right at the finish line.

Because then after he got struck by lightning, five or six other people, all in various contraptions came out of the woods.

Whoa.

And were you and you're saying you had no, your work?

No connections to it.

I had nothing to do.

You just happened to be in the middle.

I just happened to be in the middle of this field.

And that happened to be the finish line of this.

This crazy thing.

Somebody in a homemade exoskeleton came up.

It was like Burning Man but for metal.

Like a mech?

Like a mech.

Like a homemade mech.

Exactly.

Of course, I know what a mech is.

Of course, we've had something who created one on this show before.

I'll take your word for it.

Yeah, I'm sure you will.

Yeah.

Um, well, this is incredible.

So I got kind of bad luck there.

Yeah.

That should have been my moment.

But somebody came out in big middle stilts.

Somebody had a little homemade mech suit, the guy in the ball.

They were having a blast.

I mean, I don't want to rain in anybody's room.

Was it a metal making competition or was it a scavenger?

It was a really metal oriented obstacle race.

They had to construct things with metal to finish the race.

Okay.

One guy had a catapult and he like wheeled in the metal catapult and flung himself up in the air.

Flue himself above everyone else.

But the finish line was right where I was just by coincidence.

Like 50 yards ahead.

Okay.

Buried in the ground and all of them were racing to it.

The finish line was buried in the ground?

Yeah.

They had to dig the ground to confirm that it was the finish line.

A chalk line in the heart.

Is this a television show?

What is this?

No, for fun.

For college kids.

It was a for fun amazing race.

It was like, let's do a for fun amazing race.

Does they put together themselves?

I don't know if they had to go fun me or some kind of, you know, who knows?

I don't know what's going on or Kickstarter.

So I'm not sure.

So mechanics of it.

Look, you're the pro.

It's and I don't want to tell you how to do your job.

But I just think if you see if you're trying to get struck by lightning, you see a bunch of people, you know, in metal balls and with metal attached to them and stuff like that.

Don't, you know, you got to get away from those people.

Yeah.

Because it's going to make it so much harder for you to get struck by lightning.

You're absolutely right.

But I'm a beta by nature and I didn't want to like.

Wait, you're a beta cuck?

I'm a beta cuck.

By nature.

Oh, by nurture.

I'm an alpha.

Oh, it didn't take.

So I'm just a beta cuck.

So your mom raised you to be an alpha.

My mom raised me to be a big time alpha, but my little beta cuck nature came right through.

She kept being like, go get him, honey.

I was like, I don't know.

I got it.

It could be hard.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

She's a sweetheart.

I love her.

Is she so with us?

She is.

Really?

Lesser.

Yeah.

She's not been hit by lightning, has she?

Nope.

She's not that lucky.

Our family has all kinds of bad luck.

What else?

Well, no one's been hit by lightning.

Okay.

We all live in log cabins because we only feel safe in those.

I consider that bad luck.

None of us have won the lottery more than once.

Oh, wait.

So you've all, every member of your family.

Most of us have won the lottery one time only.

Oh, wait.

Which sucks.

Okay.

How much did you end up winning?

I won $800,000.

Uh, is that why you don't need to work?

And you could just help.

That certainly took the pressure off.

How much does it like your mom?

How much did she win?

Let's see.

Herz was pretty good.

Uh, she had like, Yours was pretty good.

Not really.

$800,000.

Wait, what was hers?

You said 1.3?

1.3 million, I think.

It was a 7.

It's only 500 more than yours.

And you think hers is good?

You're right.

I got to stand up for myself.

I did pretty good.

Thank you, Scott.

What a beta cock way to look at $800,000.

See, how many, how many, is this your extended family?

Yeah, everybody in my extended family.

Well, no, I guess maybe not everybody.

Let me think.

Oh, no, no.

Yeah, everybody in my extended family is won the lottery at least one time.

Are you picking numbers?

Are you?

Yeah, we pick numbers.

How is it going to be the lottery?

It's harder to win the lottery than it is to be struck by lightning in my family.

Yeah.

Wow.

It's a drag.

All right.

I don't tell my friends in the IRS about the lottery.

Oh, okay.

I tell him about the passion.

I think that would really sour the relationship.

So let's keep that between us.

Yeah, definitely between the three.

The reason I came on this podcast.

Oh, yeah, tell us.

I want tips on how to be hit by lightning.

That's all.

Okay.

Go up on the roof.

Oh, let me write that down.

Go up on the roof.

Well, I was just going to say, look, I know you perceive yourself to not have good luck, but I'm worried that, you know, it seems like you keep picking really good lottery numbers.

Yeah, which ones do you pick?

Do you pick the same ones?

No, I picked it.

I just kind of go inside myself and I ask for the numbers and I tell myself them and I write them and those what I pick.

There's a part of me that thinks, perhaps if you do get struck by lightning, you might not have the same luck picking lottery numbers.

So maybe you should just consider yourself.

Well, each of your family members have only won once.

Is that what you were saying?

At least once.

At least most of them have only won once.

Because we don't have that.

How many times have you won?

I've won twice.

What was your other winning?

$700,000.

Okay, so you didn't bring it up because who gives a crap?

You won 1.5.

Total.

Total than your mom.

Well, if it was one lottery, yeah, but I don't have that kind of juice going over.

You had to do it over two different weeks and so it's forever.

It just feels like, you know, if you...

When I won the second week in a row, it was very suspicious.

Oh yeah.

I walked right back up there.

They're like, you would get us.

I don't know what to tell you.

It's a huge investigation, but it was just, you know, I just picked them.

But I think Vanessa's right.

If you were to get hit by, like, have you played since, or was that just the last two weeks?

Are you playing this Friday?

Yeah, I'm playing Friday.

I play every week.

Okay.

I love the lottery.

Don't get hit by lightning.

I want to get hit by lightning.

It's all I want.

Until the streak ends at least.

I don't...

This is going to end your streak.

Look, I just...

I don't see it that way.

I mean, you know, lottery...

That's just complete coincidence.

It's just...

That's nothing you can rely on, you know?

But I just feel like you've just...

That's not a career like being enthusiastic about lightning.

If you keep winning money in the lottery, then you've got like a great future ahead.

Whereas if you get hit by lightning, then what?

Then you experience the kiss of God.

Well, you can't pay to be hit by lightning.

That's an interesting thing.

I know.

You know what I mean?

Like you...

You...

People have tried...

There are certain things that only a few people get to do.

Like being on Saturday Night Live, one of the cast members.

There's only been what?

That's a privilege, right?

Like that's a...

Ten over the years.

Yeah.

Probably like 10 people total a bit on SNL.

And you can't pay to do it.

Like you...

Like I wonder if anyone's tried to bribe Lord and be like...

I'm sure.

Yeah, well I'm sure it's happened.

After there, I just didn't...

Yeah, like slip him a 20 and just say, Hey, if this does anything, let me know.

But you can't pay your trouble.

That's the thing.

Like anyone can win the lottery, anyone can make money, anyone can like go do it...

Do like a...

Like guess writer week on SNL, you know?

And make, you know, like scale, you know?

Not everybody can get it.

Anyone can do that.

But you can't...

I'm gonna say something very personal to me.

And I do not mean to make light of this.

But I got very depressed once by not being hit by lighting.

And I thought about ending it all.

Very, very serious.

And you know, this is a very sad state.

I went to the top of a bridge and I jumped off of it.

By coincidence, a giant eagle happened to be flying over the river and caught me and brought me to his nest and where I was rescued.

No, and did the giant eagle raise you to be...

I mean, I was already adult, but we did become friends.

I mean, I lived in that nest for several weeks and we formed a relationship.

Okay, did you take, like, were you eating from the eagle?

Was the eagle issuing up?

The eagle would feed me, the eagle would bring me little grubs and stuff.

Chew them up in its mouth.

They mean to my mouth, which I was grossed out by, but you know, when I got your hungry.

Somebody's house.

Was it, it was that high up you couldn't get down?

Yeah, I'm not a good tree climber.

Yeah, how'd you end up actually getting there?

The fire department found me by chance.

By chance.

And then like, they just were doing, they were going on a joy ride with a truck and I saw the ladder up.

Yep.

And I just jumped out in the ladder and slid down.

You jumped on the, so they didn't find you.

Nope, I just...

They were just passing by.

Right into the...

Like, right into the cathers.

Sorry guys, I was up in that nest.

Anyway, I'd never been hit by lightning, so what do you need to do?

I know you think you're unlucky, but I think you might be...

Maybe one of the luckiest people that I've ever met.

I mean, I don't see it that way.

I know every time I flip a coin, it's heads.

Oh.

Okay, have you ever been to a little town called Las Vegas?

Some people call it Lost Wages.

Lost Wages I've heard of.

I only know cities by their nickname.

Lost Wages, it's like a...

What have you been to?

The Windy City.

I've been to the Big Apple.

The Big Easy.

Windy City.

Shite Town.

Yeah, Shite Town.

Well, that's all Shite Town.

Yeah, well, that's...

With its surprise, you know that's the Windy City.

And then I went to Shite Town, I was like, wait a minute.

I've been here.

Wow.

Well, look, Brent, you're a fascinating guy.

And to be honest, I don't think so.

If you wouldn't mind telling me your lottery numbers, you know, for this week.

Well, I haven't picked them.

I'll pick them right now.

You pick them right now, please.

Yeah.

I do a pick six.

Okay.

Great.

Yeah, let's get them.

Okay, I got...

I'll do...

Go inside myself, check myself.

Nine, three, five, two...

Oh my God, did you see that Vanessa?

It happened.

He got hit by a lot of it happened.

Inside a building!

Right before he was gonna tell us the numbers!

Wait, I'll still...

I don't know what the next number would be.

God damn it!

I don't know the next number would be!

Oh, I don't know.

I had nine, three, five, two, and then...

You know, there's a pick six.

I don't know.

Rabbit?

That's not a number!

Oh my God.

A wooden...

That's not a number!

It's an adjective!

Okay.

Oh, geez, Lo-wink.

What congratulations, Brent.

Yeah!

Hey, let me check out my side.

Spiderweb face!

Oh, nice.

Oh, I hurt!

Oh, I'm in pain.

All right, well look, we have to take a break.

Can you compose yourself?

I got nothing to do.

Okay, because we have a wrapper coming up.

Oh, I love that.

I don't know how you feel about Vanessa, but I'd love to have you stick around and talk to the wrapper.

Mac attack is gonna be here.

So everyone's gonna be very excited about that.

We are gonna be right back.

We have more Vanessa Bear, more Brent Finley will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this!

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Vanessa Bear of the How Did We Get Weird podcast.

How many episodes are you gonna be doing of this?

Oh, we're gonna be doing them once a week, Scott.

Sure, but how many before you get a job and quit?

Probably five.

Okay, great.

How did we get weird with Jonah and Vanessa, those famous bears?

Yes.

Is out right now.

And of course, we have Brent Finley and he was composing himself.

How's your body feel?

Everything feel okay?

I mean, it's real sore, but I'm so happy I don't mind.

Yeah.

It's a live stream.

Are you still a lightning enthusiast?

Maybe I'll move on.

Okay, I'd love to have you come back.

Yeah, maybe I'll fight for something else.

But I gotta think about this.

Yeah, definitely.

I gotta process this.

Look, maybe you'll become a famous rapper because we have a rapper coming on the show right now.

Right.

Yeah, I don't know if you've ever tried that.

No, I haven't.

I think I can hear a lot of it.

What if you're actually really good?

Let me try.

Hello, my name...

Nope.

Okay, nope, didn't.

Yep, nope, he did it.

Yeah.

All right, well, it's this first time on the show.

Please welcome to the show, Mac Attack.

Oh, shit.

The Mac is attacking.

Oh, okay.

Y'all got in fate with me.

Oh, wait, wait, wait.

You want us to say something?

Y'all know that's my catchphrase.

Oh, no, I've never met you, sir.

I'm sorry.

Okay, let's keep rolling this cut.

Oh, yeah.

Mac Attack.

Welcome on the show.

What did you want us to say?

We all know the Mac is here.

Oh, shit.

The Mac is attacking.

Mac is attacking.

Okay, great.

That's cool.

So that's what people say when they see you.

Yeah, that's what I usually say when I appear on the track.

Wait, that's what you say?

Anyone says it when I appear on the track.

Wait, so you're on a track and a bunch of people say this at the same time?

If that's what the track calls for.

Oh, okay, cool.

And how long have you been, how long have you been, I don't know, there's, I can't think of any other way to describe it, but wrapping.

Thank you for describing it that way.

I've been wrapping, well, actually I quit, you know, in the middle of the pandemic.

So before that, you know, when was the pandemic 2020?

Still happening.

Okay, well, that's an opinion.

And so.

Okay.

You know, so I probably started around 1998.

Oh, okay.

So 22 years before you quit and you, so you were in a double digis.

Yes, right.

And Vanessa, have you ever heard of Mac attack?

Is that?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, great.

Oh, okay.

Cool.

Uh, yeah, I'm not familiar with your work.

I'm.

I mean, I understand looking at your demographic from here.

I understand.

Yeah, no offense, guys.

How can you see my demographic just from looking at me?

Oh, yeah.

Every artist has that quality.

You think other cool guys are the only ones who listen to show?

Oh, that's the field to get your demographic.

That's what Vanessa thinks I am.

Oh, I'll be sure I can understand that for some markets.

Okay.

So you so you were doing it 22 years and then you quit.

Yeah.

Well, you know, during the pandemic, you know, it was really hard to do it live.

And you know, I kind of felt myself not want that juice anymore, you know, saying not want the juice of performing live people.

I'm sure you get it.

You know, you probably walk into Lauren's office and say something similar.

Like, you know, like what I said to my dad.

Like I don't have that juice anymore.

Yeah.

Right.

Like, yo, my nigga, like I don't feel this anymore.

Oh, my God.

I don't know.

You said that, but.

Well.

So, you know, I just didn't feel the juice anymore.

So I walked away, but I know that people.

Do you have to tell someone or like, like she has to tell Lauren?

You got to tell a lot of people.

You got to tell the devil first because that's who you sold your soul to to get into the biz.

Oh, hey.

That's the first every rapper.

They don't want to talk about this, but every rapper has sold a soul to the devil.

Everyone.

Every single one.

Name me a rapper.

JZ.

Solders.

C-J-Z.

Look at the man.

Look at his face.

And look at Beyonce's body.

He sold his soul to the girls.

Big daddy cane.

Soul to soul.

JZ.

He used to be a little daddy cane.

What?

Then he sold his soul and then got big.

Oh, shit.

How about young JZ?

Sold.

Okay.

That's how you stay young.

Yeah.

He should be old.

JZ by now.

That's true.

Even rappers who aren't successful, if they're just sort of like they hope to become big.

Nah, that's why they're not successful.

They don't have no.

It takes a lot to sell your soul to the devil.

Okay.

Really?

How do you do it?

I don't even know if I could if I wanted to.

You got to kill somebody who you admire.

What?

Wow.

Yeah, you got to kill somebody who you admire.

Like someone that I hope to strike up a really good friendship with or something.

Absolutely.

If you kill that person and you sell your soul to the devil, you be selling platinum records notes in no time, bro.

I don't think I could do that because I really admire them.

Nah, but that's why you do it because you wanted that bad.

You know, you wanted to cause a lot of emotional pain to do such a thing.

I mean, that's why my songs hit because people can resonate with that pain.

Yeah, but who did you kill?

Well, I really looked up to this person, but I killed Ronald Reagan.

Well, I thought he died of natural causes.

That's what they want you to think.

Whoa.

The devil works in mysterious ways.

And you really looked up to him.

That's because he loved me some Ronald, bro.

And you killed him in 1998?

Well, whenever he got that's why I'm okay.

And I started rapping, but I wasn't hitting.

Right.

And I wanted to hit so I killed Ronald Reagan.

Right.

Okay.

Wow.

And that was painful for you.

Hell of painful, bro.

The man was my hero.

Yeah, what'd you like about him?

You know, I like his movies or his politics.

Well, I like his movies really.

I don't really like that demographic.

So, so.

Sure, what demographic?

So demographic means both a sect of people who like a thing and then also it means the product itself.

That's right.

It's all in the demographic.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

Okay.

So, you know, I really like the way that he was president.

The gipper.

Huh?

The gipper.

That was his nickname.

Come on.

No, it wasn't, bro.

That's crazy, bro.

I admired him.

I would know that his name was Ronnie.

But, well, yeah.

Ronnie Reagan.

Sometimes people call him.

Hell yeah, we did.

Did you, by the way, you admired him so much.

Do you do a Ronald Reagan impression?

No, that's disrespectful to someone you admired to impersonate them.

Oh, really?

Because, you know, Brandi, Brandi, Brandi does.

Oh, well, you know, you trickle down.

No, you should cut that shit out.

That's not funny.

That's very disrespectful.

I just crushed it.

But he's a good president.

Yeah.

Well, I'll tell you, I'm not commenting on his quality.

By impersonating him, you is.

Look, you've been shooting a lot of opinions over there.

And this is really bothering me.

Well, I said the pandemic is still happening in the United.

That's an opinion.

The world's most milked to impersonation of Ronald Reagan.

So, but okay.

I'll, I don't know.

I thought it was pretty good.

I thought it was sort of like your little John, which is what I thought you were going to do.

What was that one again?

You said, yeah.

I was like, yeah.

I don't look up to him, so you could keep doing it.

Okay.

But he killed someone you're saying.

Well, John, oh, to be a rapper?

Absolutely.

I can imagine who you looked up to.

He used to be big, John, I bet.

I bet he was.

Or little or John.

Well, it depends.

Because sometimes for your career to change, you can go in opposite directions, right?

Maybe you have a big personality, but you make it little and all of a sudden people understand you.

Little ways to be big Wayne, and no one liked that shit.

Well, what did you used to be?

Your name's Mac Attack.

Yeah.

It used to be Mac Welcome.

Mac Welcome.

Much happier, much happier vibes.

Did you get that name when you turned on your computer one day?

Yeah.

How you know that?

I don't know.

I didn't just stab in the dark.

Oh, damn.

Yeah.

Now, one time I turned it on and said, Mac, welcome.

And I was like, this will be a fire rap name.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

But it didn't work out because everyone thought I'll sue.

Welcome at the time.

Hip Hop wasn't what it is today.

Hip Hop today is better.

Back in 98.

It was not what it was in 2021.

I don't know how you assumed that, but it wasn't.

Yeah.

You know, so back then it was a lot more aggressive, a lot more people talking about killing people and all this kind of shit.

And so when I was Mac, welcome.

Knowing I was trying to hear that because my songs are about welcoming people.

Nowadays, it feels like Drake, he just wraps about like, you know, being Drake.

How do you know that?

How do I know, how do I know Drake?

Yeah.

I don't know.

I'm like personally or I don't know.

No, no, no, his music.

His music.

I heard it on the radio.

How do you hear it?

That's not your demographic.

Oh, I know.

Oh, I think I got interested when he was on that high school show.

You got interested in Drake?

He was on the graphic.

He again, why would you want to address me there?

My manager just told me if it's not your demographic, they can't see it or hear it.

So I'm just blown away.

Yeah, no, I'm so sorry.

I mean, I haven't heard your music.

That's why I'm saying, but you put it, even if it was playing in front of you because it's not your demographic, I understand.

Can you hear it?

I'm not sure.

That's true.

Listen, this dude over here.

I'm sorry.

I really don't think.

This is not a controversy.

I got to say I apologize for him.

He was just struck by lightning.

Oh, that makes so much sense.

I am a little rattled right now.

Yeah.

So you retired.

So why are you here?

I mean, why wouldn't you just like, stop everything and end it all?

I don't know if you've ever felt this, Scott.

I know Vanessa, you probably relate to this, but at some point, you can feel everybody wanting you to come back.

You know what I'm saying?

Everybody, Jay Z, felt it right when he retired.

I've never felt that to be honest.

Scott, you know people want you back.

First of all, I've never left.

Even the people who have wanted me to.

I'm sorry, comedy, bang, bang.

The live action show would disagree.

Okay.

Well, that's true.

I mean, you know, people.

I felt that when you left.

That's my demographic.

Well, there were a lot of people that I wish were on it that I know now that I...

Well, I would have done it if you asked me.

Well, I would have loved to have had you on it, but I didn't...

I had no idea who you were.

That's not your fault.

Yeah, that's true.

But...

But you know, you feel it.

Like everybody wants you back.

Well, how about this?

Mr. Show, when y'all went and did it again with Bob and Daisy...

It seemed like a comedy fan.

A little bit.

That's why I demoed graphics sometimes.

Really?

Like all comedy...

All comedy...

You started in 1998, like did Mr. Show end, and then you went right into rap as extra than...

What?

You turned off episode 410 in a related...

It hurt me, bro.

It hurt me.

I was just like, yo, how did this go and waste all this talent that wasn't even blowing up?

Yeah, you know, Paul F. Tomkin, Sarah Silverman.

I mean, a lot of us.

Jack Black.

A lot of us thought we were going on to bigger and better things.

Oh, shit.

I believe it.

Well, so did we at the time.

Yeah, let me look at y'all with computer real quick.

Uh, well, so...

Yeah, I got that, okay.

Don't look up January 6.

Okay.

The Mr. Show reunion in Washington, D.C.

Why?

Never mind.

Okay.

Um...

But...

So people want you back, so you're back.

Oh, I'm back.

I feel it.

Now, no one's told me specifically, but I feel that they want me back.

Yeah.

So that's why I'm out here, because I know a lot of people probably wonder what I've been up to since I left.

So I'm back.

Okay.

Well, let's...

You're back.

What do we do?

I...

Look, I know that I'm already on thin ice with you.

Sure.

But just in the interest of honesty, I want to say that I personally was not aware that you were gone.

I don't know if that's bad.

But you will.

It's funny that he started off with apology.

And he started his bullshit again.

Yeah.

Well, I knew that it was going to be bad.

I'm sorry.

It's almost worse.

It is worse, man.

But that's his demographic.

That's what they do.

Yeah.

My demographic is being difficult.

Yeah, bro.

You should read about it.

All right.

I'll read about being difficult.

I got what he's trying to say is that some really...

I'm really sorry.

I'm out of my mind right now.

So some of us maybe hadn't kept up on this and didn't even know you were gone.

So this is a surprise to us to even learn that...

That blows my mind, though, because I was the hottest when I left.

Really?

Yo, in March, I was supposed to do a show on April 1st, 2020.

That was going to blow everybody's mind up.

Really?

And who contacted you about the show?

You sure it wasn't a prank?

No, it was April 1st.

No, man.

It was his dude, Mr. D's, you know, both of D's.

Both of D's.

Yeah, bro.

Okay.

He said, I got this festival for you to do.

He was just like, you just got to work my partner, Mr. D's.

Do you say anything about it?

It was going to be nuts.

Yeah.

Mr. Nuts and Mr. Both of D's.

Yeah.

It sounds like you were blowing up.

It sounds like you're going to be a festival.

I wasn't blowing up, but I was going to do a song with all the hot rappers, little Nuts, X, Trippy, Red, you know what I mean?

Like, I was going to do all of them, and then April 1st was the festival, but the pandemic happened.

That's why I ain't doing it.

Did you show up?

And it and it.

I did show up because I wasn't there.

And it wasn't there.

I don't believe that there's a pandemic, as you could tell by my early conversation with this weirdo.

And it just wasn't there.

And you were like, this must be the pandemic.

It was definitely the pandemic.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Well, you're back now.

How do we, what do we do? How do we get the word out?

Do you?

You don't got it the word out, bro.

Do you want to?

This episode's already downloaded three million times.

Whoa.

Which I'm pretty sure is high for you.

I mean, yeah.

I mean, I'm not, I'm not, I'm the first guy who's on Mount Podmore.

You know, I know I'm not.

You know, I'm not.

I'm on Mount Podmore.

Oh, yeah.

I'm on Mount hip hop more.

Really?

Oh, yeah.

Who's with you?

Me to Pock and Vanilla Ice.

Okay.

Well, I did not see that.

Well, of course you didn't, bro.

Of course you didn't.

Don't get mad at me for that. I've saved it. I'm surprised that Vanilla Ice is on Mount hip hop more.

I am. I apologize.

That verse grew.

I apologize for him.

You gotta have everybody from every group.

It's really backhanded to say that you don't belong.

Maybe he's not on Mount hip hop more.

Well, we already had a black.

So what do you do?

You'll assume it on black because I have Docs good.

Okay. That's, okay.

I mean, we are looking at you too.

So we're, but again, I apologize for him.

Well, I am.

I apologize for him.

Oh, really? What do you identify as?

I like to be chill.

Yeah. Oh, okay. Yeah. I think it's better.

Yeah.

You know?

What, how do we, what, how do we get the word out?

Do you want to rap on the show here?

Is that something you do?

I can't do that. I'm not ready for that.

I'm not ready for that.

You're not ready.

I'm not gonna lie, man.

The pandemic really got to me.

You know what I'm saying?

Really?

Well, it's like, I don't know.

You probably felt this at some point.

Scott where like, you know, you're doing your thing and you start wondering why am I doing it anymore?

You know, Vanessa, I know you probably felt that.

You know, like, you just feel it and you just like, you do it one more time and you're like, maybe this should be the last time I do it.

You know what I'm saying?

I mean, I guess we've all had those, those dark nights of the soul of Vanessa.

Maybe you call it.

Maybe it was like, what episode was it for you?

Like, who was hosting where you were like, I don't know why I'm doing this.

I'm gonna sit up this one.

Okay, but for me, from your top seven people of SNL, which one do you think could be the one that would make you feel like you were in the dark night of your soul?

Again, pretend I'm not okay.

Okay, well, for me, it would be, God, probably like two episodes ago, Jason Manzukas.

Right, right up the set.

I was a bad one.

Oh, you like it?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

I'm a fan of the show.

Oh, thank you.

I am listening to it.

It wasn't my demographic.

Well, I thought you were an old comedy fan.

I am an old comedy fan.

Okay, but just not for this show.

The show ain't old comedy.

But you like the comedy bang bang TV show?

That's, that's some elegant, I'll come right here.

That's some good thing.

Talk.

I don't know.

Well, that's some mainstream shit, right?

This.

Okay, sorry.

I don't know.

I agree.

It's a little mainstream.

So, so you're not ready.

So you were the pandemic got you down.

You, is it a, is it a writing thing?

Where are you?

Yeah, man.

I sat down to write and I couldn't write raps anymore, bro.

And it kind of blew me away.

What did you write about beforehand and what?

I wouldn't even, bro.

I would just sit there and then I would look and the words would be there in front of me on a paper.

Whoa.

And it wasn't even me doing it.

I felt like I felt a dream from someone else.

Right.

Yeah.

And now, wait.

How nothing's coming up.

Can I ask you a question?

Sure.

During the pandemic.

Yeah.

Did you ever walk out in the middle of a rainstorm?

Well, I'm listening.

And I don't know.

Good.

Struck my lightning.

Every time.

What?

Every time?

Every time.

Every time you go into a store, you get hit by lightning.

Bro, I guess I'm just unlucky like that, man.

I got to break up my impression.

What?

Yo, it is that little John.

That's good, man.

I don't admire him, so that's fine with me.

I think this is the problem.

You've been hit by lightning so many times.

You can't write raps anymore.

Can I throw words at you and we can see if you think they rhyme?

Yeah, let's do it.

OK.

So vanish.

OK.

Now, I'm going to throw a word out at you.

OK.

And you tell me, just give me your honest opinion.

OK.

Whether it rhymes or not.

OK.

Friend.

Yeah, that's a hot bar right there.

OK.

Friend.

For your demographic, I'm kind of blown away, Scott.

OK.

Yeah.

Let me try it.

Yeah.

Let's say the first word is bridge.

I'm listening.

OK.

And does it rhyme with equestrian?

Bro, OK.

I don't like you, but you could feature on the album.

Because you would really not get OK.

You would be a bad decision.

Would you stop there?

There's having a hard time thinking one word.

Jam.

OK.

Like meaning like the...

Yeah.

What?

Like the like apricot jam?

Yeah.

OK.

Good.

That's a good first word.

Yeah.

Good job.

Great word.

Caleb?

Bro, that's why her brother musician, she gets it from you.

OK.

Hey, like all these words are right.

I mean, look.

I just told you could be on the album and now you can antagonize him.

Yeah.

I apologize.

Yeah.

I apologize for him.

It's all good.

I apologize for me too.

How about these fat and hat?

OK.

Look, Scott, man.

It's like you take one step forward and you take 20 steps back.

Yeah.

I even knew that one.

Yeah.

His brain doesn't work, I think.

I think...

Dude, can I ask you...

How about tangos and mangoes?

Now that's the kind of bullshit quality I was expecting from you.

Yeah.

OK.

I think they run.

Um, do you know where the tango is?

Like...

Ain't that like...

When like somebody's being bad?

Like get that tango.

Never played Call of Duty.

Uh, look, I'm going to say maybe you're right.

Maybe you're wrong.

I have no idea.

I don't even want to speculate on that.

But, um, God, yeah, you're not ready.

You're not ready.

Nah, man.

That's what I'm saying, but I can feel everybody that wants me back though.

And that's what...

Maybe if you were struck by lightning again, it would cancel out the previous effects of being struck by lightning.

At this point, how many times have you been struck an odd number of times or an even number of times?

Odd.

That's the one that's like seven and five and three.

That's right.

Yeah.

OK, don't say it like that.

Like, I was like proud of him.

I did not mean to have attitude on that.

He might be thinking of prime numbers though.

OK, yeah.

So it's also...

Uh, uh, it's also 15.

OK, yeah.

OK, good.

So that's not...

That was a time.

I've been hit 15 times.

Oh, you've been hit 15 times?

Yeah.

Lucky.

I can't believe it.

It would be raining a lot of times.

Can I ask on the second time, were you able...

After the second time, were you able to write rhymes?

Oh, yeah.

Now I wrote a whole album.

OK, and then you were hit a third time.

And then what happened?

No album.

Everybody I've written had disappeared.

It disappeared.

It was gone.

So not only could you not make more stuff, but the other stuff had vanished.

Right.

Yeah.

Back to it.

Yeah.

At this time, if you look me up on Spotify, I got zero tracks.

Oh, that is rough.

But so it disappears everywhere.

Everywhere.

Wow.

That is rough.

Even my appearance is on TRL.

You were on TRL?

Of course I was.

I did music in the early 2000s.

Sure.

Should you meet Succin' Pac of Add to Cart?

Nah, who that?

OK, never mind.

So I think you need to be hit again.

We have a lightning expert here.

Oh, I guess you didn't say you were an expert.

It's not gonna be a listen to you, man.

Oh, yeah.

Do you want to take me inside?

Does that make you feel comfortable?

Yeah, yeah.

Come on.

Can I hear this or not?

I'll be over here.

I'll stay over here.

Yeah.

What's up?

I know that if I get hit by lightning, that I'll be able to rap again.

Oh.

I just don't know if I'm ready to do that shit again.

It's hard being a rapper.

Yeah.

It's hard being braggadocia when having to carry that shit for your hood.

That's a lot of what rap is, is like boasting about how good you are at rapping.

And like, can I be honest?

Yeah.

I've had a good life.

Yeah, it seems like it.

I mean, you've been hit by lightning 15 times.

I don't know anything else about you.

I'm married.

You killed Ronald Reagan?

I killed Ronald Reagan.

I put on a little weight, but it looked good on me.

These are all details I'm not privy to.

No.

The marriage and the weight and all that.

But that's the thing.

Now that you're not privy to it, I could just enjoy it and not have to talk about it.

It just seemed like when I was rapping, everything I was experienced, I had to put it in the song.

Can I say something, Mac?

What's up?

I don't think the expectations are there for you to come back.

I think- Yeah, they are, bro.

You're trippin'.

But I think if it would make you happier, why don't you do what makes you happy, which is not being hit by lightning and even number of times and retiring from rapping and being with your wife and putting on that wave?

No, but people want it, bro.

I could see it when they look at me.

They look at me and they go, why you quit?

Why you quit?

I mean, they don't say it out loud, but that's my brain telling me that they are saying it.

I know that they are, but I think- What are you saying?

I have distortions?

No, I'm not.

You're a psychiatrist?

Distortion.

I just think you would be happier, and I think if you were to come to terms with that, I think, you know, I mean, look at Vanessa.

She's happier not being on Saturday Night Live.

She went in and said that to her.

Yeah, but look at her.

She did a podcast.

How happy is she not being on Saturday Night Live?

Did she say she was happier?

Not being, did she say that?

Because I'll tell you right now.

We're putting a lot of- We're using a podcast.

Yeah.

You're being a low.

Yeah.

I mean, that's really what happened after that, Mr. Joe, that you were talking about.

Honestly, thought I was going to do movies.

And yet, here we are.

My career has never been better.

I don't want the lottery.

Okay, I have won the podcast lottery, maybe.

Wait, why are you saying- Why are you part-day spending in this conversation?

Have you been listening?

No, no, no, no.

Yes.

I'm talking out loud over here, independent.

Okay, that's fair.

I believe that.

Look, if you were to just accept that you're happier this way, I think everything would be cool.

Okay.

I'm going to try it.

I'm going to wish upon a star.

Okay.

Yeah.

Wish upon- I mean, it started to rain, so it's a little cloudy, but you- Oh!

Well, I can't believe it!

You're lucky!

Oh, shit!

It's the one who can't quit.

It's McIntyre.

He's rhyming!

He just do it!

No!

Fuck!

Wait, my wife's number is disappearing from my phone.

Oh, no!

Wait, I gained it!

Disappearing!

Oh, no, you look so good!

You look so good!

No, I was- I was working- It's back to the- It's back to the- You're being back to the future!

Oh my god!

Well, congratulations, Macatec.

You're back!

And I remember you now!

Tour de Tár, peering in my calendar, because the pandemic is over.

Okay, well, I don't know about that.

Wow!

Congratulations to Macatec!

That's actually getting hit by lightning!

No, this is not a congratulations.

I had a good life!

I know, I'm sorry, but you're popular now again, and we all remember you, so.

Right.

Yeah.

But we do- We are running out of time, Macatec.

Unfortunately, we only have one final feature on the show, and that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

♪ I'm not a bad guy tonight ♪ ♪ But I have to save the- ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Some plugs are better than others ♪ ♪ And some plugs are better than others ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ Ooh!

Very nice!

That was some plugs are bigger than others.

Sounds like a parody of a Smith song, I believe.

By Calvin Wachjoski.

I hope I'm saying that right.

A lot of als and some very similar consonants, but thank you so much, Calvin, and please send in your plug themes.

All right, Vanessa, what are we plugging here?

Obviously, your podcast is out.

Yes, I'd like to plug my podcast.

How did we get weird with my brother, Jonah, on the iHeart and Will Ferrell's Big Money Players Network?

Yeah.

Do you think you'll be on Mount Podmore?

Will you share it with your brother?

What do you think will happen?

Oh, we'll definitely share it, and not only will be on Mount Podmore, but we're going to be the hottest siblings in Hollywood, Scott.

Yes.

And I've told you one thing I've told you at all.

New episodes come out every Monday.

Every Monday!

So, competing with this show.

Mm-hmm.

And that's, then that is intentional.

That is by design.

Yeah.

All right.

What did you hope would happen when you came on the show?

Like, I would just retire or something?

What did you...

Well, we've talked a lot about retirement on this app.

I thought maybe...

I'd get the message, maybe.

The memo would...

Yeah.

I'm not ready to pass that torch yet, Vanessa.

Okay.

I should have waited.

I'll see you on Mondays.

Okay.

I'll see you on Mondays.

I'll hear...

People will hear me on...

Never mind.

Okay.

Uh, let's see.

Brent Finley.

What do you want to plug?

I would like to plug a podcast called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about comics.

Oh!

Nothing to do with it.

I know this show.

Mm-hmm.

Oh, you were a guest on it.

Yeah.

Twice.

Yeah.

Um, yeah.

It's these two guys, Will and Kevin Heinz.

They talk about comic books.

It's the only podcast in history where two middle-aged white dudes talk about a thing they like.

And I think...

They're nostalgic for it, right?

Yeah, they're...

Comics they love their whole lives.

They love their whole lives.

Like two people being nostalgic about something.

It's kind of the end, then.

Okay.

Yes, you definitely will.

So that's my plug.

That's your plug?

Okay.

And that comes out every week or is...

Every week.

Every Wednesday.

New comics day and new comics podcast day.

And you have...

Or they have some great guests.

They have some great guests.

They have...

By the time this comes out, Chris Claremont for the X-Men who opened the guest.

The X-Men writer.

Famous X-Men writer.

And they just go over comics they loved from the past and today.

And you were a guest they know?

I've talked about a couple of different issues of Spider-Man.

A couple...

Some great Marvel editors have been on.

Chris Gethard, comedian, and podcast creator extraordinaire.

Yeah.

I mean, we see him on that.

Oh, what?

What's that?

Oh, like that dude.

You like that dude.

Yes.

That's your demographic?

That's my demographic.

Don't quite know what your demographic is at this point.

You're like, Mr. Show, the comedy band paying TV show.

Not the podcast.

And Chris Gethard?

Oh, yeah.

He's weird.

All right.

He is.

Well, that's great.

Yeah.

All right.

Check it out, please.

Uh, Mac Attack, what do you want to plug?

Uh, I would like to plug, uh, uh, uh, this web comic, at-back comics by Anna is very funny.

Oh, wow.

Sad comics is like about depression and eating cheese.

Where do people go to find this?

On Instagram at bad comics by Anna with two ends.

With Anna with two ends at bad comics with Anna.

Okay.

By Anna.

And it's an X instead of a C.

Thank you for remembering that.

Okay.

So at bad comics with an X.

That's right.

By Anna with two ends.

That's right.

Okay.

Interesting.

Any podcast you, uh, enjoy listening to or?

Nah.

No.

Not anymore.

I feel like that dude probably left podcasting.

Okay.

Smart.

Well, speaking of leaving podcasting, I'm doing the opposite.

Um, I'm diving in with both feet.

Uh, CBB World, of course, launched last week.

And we're going strong.

Um, last week, of course, we had our first episode of, um, Bonanas for Bonanza.

We had our second episode of, uh, Scott Asincine, where we talked about Space Jam and New Legacy with Hayes and Shawn, those men from Hollywood Handbook.

And this week we have a great lineup.

We have, uh, the first episode of Bonas Anza for Bonanza.

And, uh, and we're also talking about the Adams family.

Uh, on Scott Hasn't Seen this week with Adam Scott.

So, uh, go head over to CBBWorld.com or comedybangbangworld.com.

Get a subscription.

And by the way, if you're listening to this show and you want to hear the, uh, episodes ad free, that's where you can do it over there at CBBWorld.com.

And we welcome you.

There's a discord and everything.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Got two, three, five, did rain rain coming down.

It comes down and drops.

Hey, rain.

Come on now.

If I open my mouth to the sky, I can get a drink of water now.

Rain, rain, rain is when God sees.

Hmm.

You got very excited during that.

I mean, I was hoping it was going to go to a different place.

Yeah.

It would unfortunately.

It would like to start it.

Yeah.

That was, of course, Andy Sandberg and myself with the, uh, Hey, rain song.

And that is the Hey, Rain plugs on down remix by Miss Hannigan.

Miss Hannigan.

Thank you so much.

Oh, that sort of like reminds me of Annie live coming up soon, huh, with Miss Hannigan.

That's what I was thinking.

Um, all right.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, uh, that's a great to have you on the show.

When's the next time that we hang out or meet or what do you think?

I'll see you on Mount Pot and Monday, Scott.

Okay.

All right.

Well, that's virtual, but all right.

I'll take it.

Brent Finley, great to have you here.

Hey, look, be in here.

And, uh, uh, you know, maybe you'll be hit by lightning again.

You'll remember those numbers.

And if you do, please come back and tell me those.

I'll tell you what they're.

I will.

I promise.

Don't just tell me the last two because I doubt you'll be hit before this Friday when the, if I can hit this week, I'll tell you two.

Next week, I'll tell you all six.

Okay.

Great.

Thank you so much.

And then Mac attack.

You're out there.

Oh, man.

I out there in these streets.

I got a Russia with a hot 97 after this.

Oh, no.

I don't.

It's in the big apple, I think.

Damn.

Man, when you.

The taxi going to take me.

When you weren't famous, you were doing podcasts.

Now that you're famous, you're to a hot 97.

Amazing.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
