---
layout: page
title: 728. Phoebe Robinson, Paul F. Tompkins, Jon Gabrus, Casey Feigh [616cd0b816af5700128253d7].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ Two scoops of raisins poops on occasion.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Yes, thank you so much to Euripity Shorts.

Catch very super star.

He knows what he is.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And what a show we have today.

By the way, my name is Scott Ocherman and very excited about today's show.

We are mid-octedoggy.

In my opinion, one of the 12 spookiest months of the year.

And we're heading up there rushing along towards Hall.

Hello, Zee, coming up next week.

But before we get to that, we want to listen to this show.

Of course, spend a little bit of your time with us today before you put on your Halloween costume.

Coming up a little later, we have, oh, this is interesting.

We have an English person.

That's the only description.

I don't know whether that's someone who comes from England or someone who teaches English.

We will find out, I guess, when that person comes on.

We also have my former dare officer.

That'll be exciting.

Officer Drury is, or Drury, I'm sorry.

I guess that's what we used to call him, was Drury.

But it's Drury.

And we also have a writer and an actress and a comedian and she'll be coming up.

And that's very exciting.

This is a packed show, especially for Octedoggy.

I mean, usually in Octedoggy, there's no room to breathe.

And I don't know what that means, but I guess no, it's packed because usually we stretch out and relax in October, but this week is packed.

And so that'll be coming up a little later on the show.

That sounds good.

Let's run it back and this one's for real.

Yeah, did that sound good?

I don't know.

No, no, no stumbling around.

I'm rereading the contract you gave me and it says I should just say that one sounded good after you ran.

Thank you, do you know?

I appreciate that.

I need that boost of confidence, really appreciate it.

So go ahead and do your SP.

Sound speeds.

Oh, okay.

I mean, you're a soft pitch.

Oh, my soft pitch.

Not your SS.

Oh, okay.

My soft pitch.

Okay, well, soft pitch is technically what I do when I put like tar on my flaccid penis.

Of course, yes.

The slow pitch is something else, by the way.

The slow pitch, actually, that's kind of on top.

That's primarily what I'm talking about.

I got a lot of trouble for you.

I got a little bit of trouble for that one.

Yeah.

I thought you did a great opening.

Thank you so much.

I love that you didn't mention any of the people's names, except for the officer.

I think people are clear about what month it is, what month this episode is about.

I find that 12 years in, that's all I have left to talk about.

Is we're in the middle of this month that I have a cute name for, and it's not gonna be the end of that month.

So it's sort of context to what is going on in my life, which happens to be what month it is.

Yeah, you know, you start to realize just talking into a microphone in this kind of room.

You say, all the days blend together, and you start to realize, who the fuck am I?

But who the fuck is anybody?

At least we're back in this type of room instead of back in the old types of rooms.

Gina, it's so good to see you in person.

This is my intern, Gina, for those of you who are new to the show.

That's me, baby.

Do you know LaBard?

No, yes.

Do you know LaBardo?

Yes, yes, do you know LaBardo?

You're here so infrequently, I don't get to know your personal details all about that.

Yeah, you know, you say that all the time, but it's been a decade now.

I feel like just allow me to pop in every once.

I don't know anyone else who gets the whole, hey, I haven't seen you in a while, you fucking freak.

Well, everyone else is a guest to the show.

You're supposed to work here.

Right, oh, that's my main difference.

You come every three months.

Yes, fair enough.

Of course, you live in Long Island.

I live on Long Island.

You live, okay, right.

You don't live in the island, you live on the island.

Oh, I see.

Because if you were living in Long Island, you would be subterranean or something like that?

Yes, actually you would be living in Long Island as a tiny, when you say in Long Island, you mean a tiny town, which is called Tiny Town in South Merrick, Long Island.

Oh.

You say I live in Long Island.

People know you mean you live in Tiny Town, which was a development built for little people that now normal-sized people do live in, but none of the ceilings are over six feet tall in the houses.

Really, okay.

Yeah.

So I could not live there unless I wanted to develop some sort of a- You could live, yes.

You could live there if you were like fully adopting the Gandalf role play that I know you've done a few times from past.

This actually is not a bad idea.

Ah, here we go.

These busts now at his big pipe and his white robe.

There's my huge staff.

Oh, oh, that's not my staff.

That's a medium soft staff if I've ever seen one.

Gino, what's been going on?

God, I haven't seen you since you were on Zoom.

You have no idea how so much stuff has happened to me.

I can't wait.

Wait, right.

Maybe I shouldn't talk about it and you should get hear about it all on the news.

Wait, you wanted to come on this show just so you could say I'm not gonna say anything?

Okay, well, I got some cool stuff that happened to me.

So my name's in the Pandora papers.

What?

You're kidding.

The ones that were just released.

Yeah, that's right.

Apparently me having all my money and dark money accounts, all of my, I've been putting my Nassau Community College credits in an offshore bank account, but I didn't know that this offshore bank account was also being used by Boko Haram.

So you put your credits in there hoping that they would accrue.

Yeah, and I could gather them up and live with like a dozen associates degrees in Nassau Community College.

Right, because you still have not graduated even though it's been about 10 years that I've known you as an intern.

I wish I could graduate, but they keep telling me that there is no graduation from an associate's degree program.

We can't, we're not an accredited university in that capacity, but I keep saying fine.

Nine more credits.

I'm gonna work again with Comedy Bang Nang even though I'm well into my 20s year of my life.

And I have to say, I'm generous to give you those credits.

I agree wholeheartedly.

I do not enough work for the credits.

You haven't even gotten the waters yet.

Oh, my bad.

And to be fair though, just a little bit of a defense for old man, Gino over here for Uncle Jeannie.

Let's just say.

I dream of Jeannie.

Hi, hey, we all dream of Jeannie.

I just did the Jeannie, like I did the nod and I crossed my arms.

But yeah, but then you did Boeing?

Yeah, I was just like.

The kind of dreams I'd be having with Jeannie, except mine are Aladdin, Jeannie.

And it's Robin Williams just painted blue goin' doing, you know how he does Black People's Voices?

Like right, yeah.

Too frequently in his skin.

You know what, I'm not even American.

He does, he's free to be like, this is how gay people talk to me.

Sure.

I love him, Rob.

Don't you love him.

Improv is great.

I've never tried it, but I hear it's amazing.

I refuse to try it cause it's an art form relegated.

I've seen a little bit of it in that Mrs. Doubtfire movie at the beginning.

Oh yes, the drive by fruiting.

Well, no, he wasn't improvving in the fruiting, I don't think.

Oh, okay, well you can't cross over the improv with the fruits.

I just watched it for the first time.

Unfortunately, before I started, there's the waters.

Before I started, the Scott Hasn't Seen podcast.

I watched it about eight months ago during quarantine and I did not know he was a cartoon voice actor in that.

Oh, it's finally something that lets him be himself in a movie.

And that they had animated the cartoon already and just wanted him to stick to the script.

Yeah, that he couldn't do that.

Because they're like, look, the mouths aren't going to match.

If you don't stick to the script, Robin Williams.

Yeah, it seems like some people are air in some grievances.

They maybe had with the actor, Robin Williams at that point.

The studio's like, can you put in some notes where this motherfucker refuses to just sing along to the genie song?

It's exactly what happened in Shark Tail.

Will Smith would not stick to the script.

Oh man, I have so many stories.

Save that for your WGA panel on Shark, but waiting for Shark Tail.

Yes, well, that's coming up.

Maybe the 20th anniversary.

Are we in the middle?

We're in all of October.

Is it Halloween season just yet?

Dads and grads back to school.

Get back back.

First, full 15 minutes.

And then I get to start to tell questions.

OK, well, I'm here for that, as you know, big Shark Tail head over here.

Haven't seen it yet.

Refused to watch it until you like the whole aesthetic.

I love the aesthetic.

I have all the toys in.

Will Smith as a fish underwater?

Those three things combined.

What else do you fucking need?

Billy Smith, he's a fucking legend.

Put him in everything.

That's true.

I love that dude.

Put him in legend.

I am legend.

Put him in I am legend, for real.

Actually, he was in I am legend.

I watched it in the theaters.

And he was doing when he was doing chin-ups in that one scene.

A woman next to me actually said out loud at the screen, Jesus fucking Christ.

Because he was so hot.

He was so hot at him doing the pull-ups yet.

How long ago was I am legend?

Because he, I mean, he like all human beings has gone downhill with age.

I mean, we all do it.

Well, yeah, I was about to say the same thing about Will Smith.

You know what I noticed about him?

No, but he's gone down.

Yeah.

Proudly so.

He's out there on Instagram.

He's in these streets.

And he's.

I think he's just good at social media.

He's got like a team in the fucking.

He's self-evasting.

He's taking off a shirt and going like, good boy, I really lost the bod.

Boy, I really almost lost the pursuit of happiness.

Yeah, that's the one that he almost had.

That was the one that has the one that has the one that has pound in the title.

But I couldn't even figure it out.

Pound in the title.

I lost the weight and pursuit of happiness.

No, I know.

Fuck not that one.

I was saying 12 pounds, seven ounces.

He has a.

Oh, oh, you thought it was you thought it was 12 hashtag seven ounces.

Yes, yes.

That's what yes.

That's what I was thinking of, of course.

The hashtag I keep calling it pound because I grew up in, you know, pound, you know, star six, nine, right?

Yeah, pound that dog.

The dial, you know, busy signal fix.

Exactly.

A dial down the middle, one 800 call, ATT with Carrot top.

Of course.

And that's me.

And the late Phil Hartman.

Oh, what a legend.

Yes.

It's only for his 1 800 collect commercial scene.

Phil and anything else.

Yeah, those are that's all I need to see.

I watched that in a Lionel Hutt's blooper reel, which was really fun.

We bloopers from.

I don't know how they got it.

I don't know who what happened first.

The recording is the Lionel Hutt's guy.

A real.

He's another guy that they animated those bloopers.

And they were like, hey, Phil, read these bloopers.

Would you?

And Phil's like, my wife's a fucking pain in the ass.

I'm not dealing with this shit.

But tell me what's going on.

So you're in the papers.

I'm in the Pandora papers.

Right.

Because I have a lot of overseas investments.

Right.

And is that the radio station Pandora?

Is that how they got the name for them?

Oh, shit, because they're also owned by Sirius X and I own.

Oh, no, they're going to come in here in a second.

You're going to stay on business daddy last week tonight.

That's what John Oliver calls ATT.

No idea.

Yeah, meaning to them.

But that's what other people keep shouting at me online.

Business daddy every time I vote.

Oh, OK.

Every time I walk down the street in one of my Jossay bank suits, everyone starts screaming, look who it is, business daddy.

And I go, that's biz zaddy for sure.

Zaddy dot biz is, you know, of course.

Do you have zaddy dot biz yet?

I don't.

You got zaddy dot ninja, which has been helpful.

OK, good.

I got zaddy dot limo.

OK.

And I just waiting on dot biz.

Is it not available?

You're waiting for it to expire with someone?

It's not available.

It's some, honestly, someone squatting.

I feel uncomfortable.

Maybe we should bleep the because if someone underage goes to zaddy dot biz, they're going to be upset.

Oh, OK.

Actually, we'll bleep that.

We definitely.

Yeah.

So someone who has, honestly, any like normal worldview might be absolutely destroyed by the way.

Oh, yeah.

We'll make sure that no one goes that we will not say zaddy dot biz.

Yeah, my aunt looked at it and she aged like the Ark of the Covenant guy.

I don't know what to find.

She was like, I chose poorly.

And you're like, ah, you know, the Ark of the Covenant guy, he just melted.

Oh, OK.

I'm thinking of the Holy Grail guy.

Yeah, the guy who chose because she chose poorly.

She chose poorly to look at zaddy dot biz, which we will bleep out, by the way.

Yes, of course.

Let's make sure we bleep out zaddy dot biz.

No problem.

All right.

Go ahead.

And, but so, yeah, I'm overseas.

The money, I'm getting tied up in what I don't realize.

I guess some of my money was used to purchase machetes that were used to decapitate journalists.

Oh, no.

And so I'm kind of in some spicy hot water.

Some of your college credits were used.

Yes.

Somehow some of my NASA community college credits were translated to machetes.

I don't understand how they do it on the Silk Road.

You know what I mean?

Why don't we do it in the Silk Road?

Thank you.

I don't know how they do it over there.

So I'm just trying to get my fucking money out of the situation.

I'm in such hot water.

And every time I call and try to get my name taken off the Pandora papers, I'm like, this is Gina Lombardo.

They're like, well, if you like Gina Lombardo, here are some other sound the likes that you might enjoy for some other reason.

Oh, no.

And then I get like some stand up coach, some comedian named John Gavris and some I get.

Joe Rogan.

Joe Rogan, Artie Lang, Dan Savage.

Who are those guys who have the Opie and Anthony?

Opie and Anthony, I get the impractical joke is a little bit.

I was so blessed I'd forgotten their names.

You know, I had to remember them again.

So was society for a while.

But Anthony Kumi, it does his best to make sure we never forget who that prick is.

Well, you're a big fan, I know.

I'm a die-hard.

Yeah.

I got whip them out Wednesday sticker on my Subaru still, baby.

So I haven't seen one tit in a decade.

I mean, because of the billboard, I saw one tit on Santa Bodega.

You did really out of Bodega.

What was the circumstance that he saw a tit at a Bodega?

I was like, I'll take I'll take Lucy, please.

And the woman goes, oh, okay.

And she just hates her tit out.

And she's like, swips around.

She's like, oh, okay.

I like, I remember that there's like cultural differences to Lucy's.

Right.

Then I was able to get a cigarette, but it cost me 40 bucks because I also shoot.

Also, yeah.

At that point, I was like, I she was like, you don't owe me for the booby Lucy.

And I go, hun, I do.

That was fucking fantastic.

I'm not taking a I'm not buying a cigarette and taking a free boo.

Okay.

I'll treat you to both.

Let's do this.

So I I've gone back to that.

I'm nearly broke from going to that deli.

You come back and buy.

I think I get the money out of the Pandora papers and I found an untraceable way to get rid of it was to keep giving $41 to this lady for a booby and a sig.

Yeah.

So you you that's the main thing you've been up to and the rest of it we can hear on.

Yeah, there's a lot of other stuff that happened, but you can hear about that.

I'm not going to waste your time on this because I'm going to let you get to whatever the episode is called.

You know, well, we'll find it.

We'll find it.

Yeah.

With the outsourced even the lines and the titles of the episodes.

Okay.

I like your style, Scotty ox.

All right.

Let's talk about the month.

The rest is up to all of you.

You guys.

We got two hours left.

Okay.

I'm going to not talk again for the rest of the episode.

Okay.

I doubt that, but we do have to get to our first guest if that's okay.

Yeah.

So you got the waters forever and you've gotten her water?

Yes.

I believe I have gotten her a water and let's roll sound.

We haven't rolled down yet.

We should have been rolling.

Actually, at least so we can bleep zaddy.biz.

We have to believe zaddy.biz.

Don't forget to believe that.

All right.

Let's get to our first guest.

Now you must be very excited about this because an opportunity.

Yeah.

I'm looking right now.

I told you I didn't want to talk in when I already was earning.

You never mean it.

I know.

That's fair.

You must be very excited because she's an opportunity like this comes around at this point only twice in a lifetime to have writers, comedians, creators, actors rolled into one fucking person.

Oh, yeah.

I mean this triple thread upon triple thread to the ninth power to the 27th power.

I mean, Burishnikov never wrote a book.

Hell no, although we starred in White Nights.

Great actor.

Wonderful guy.

I liked when he hit Carrie.

What?

Isn't he the boyfriend in Sex in the City who is abusive?

Oh, I've never seen it.

Me neither.

Just shot in the dog.

Zaddy.biz bleep it.

And who's our guest?

Action Scott.

I know you're saying that he hit Carrie from the Stephen King movie.

Well, that was in a deleted scene.

He got Sissy Spacey.

He whacked Sissy Spacey.

He told me to hit Carrie, Michael Patrick King, or whoever the creator of this.

Darren's thought.

If you just happen to be wandering by and you just back on back to Sissy Space, she's like after this.

So I fucking get my period at a wee at time and now I'm getting slapped in the face.

But two things that happened in her life.

Nothing in between.

She got a period in front of Travolta and then slapped in the face at the end of her life.

You know, it's a bummer.

Well, we do have to get to our next guest.

I've been trying.

This is incredible.

And of course has been on this show before.

She's my YouTube buddy.

She's been on the pod.

You may remember her from the podcast.

You talking YouTube to me where we all went to Madison Square Garden and saw you too and partied with him afterwards.

But maybe primarily even more, you know her from the book.

I mean, you know, we have the books that are out.

I don't know the titles of the previous two, but the one that just came out is please don't sit on my bed in your outside clothes.

Plus she has an HBO Max stand up special called Sorry Harriet Dubman, which is out this week.

Please welcome back to the show Phoebe Robinson.

Hello.

Thanks for having me back on.

Of course.

I think about our YouTube concert like once a month.

Do you really?

It was so fun.

On the first of the month, is that like a reminder that the rent is due?

Yes.

That's what I think about it.

It was so fun.

I mean, things like that don't usually happen to someone like me.

I mean, they happen to people like you, of course.

No, I mean, you like hung out with the band.

Didn't it give you like a backstage tour?

I was just thinking about Larry like seeing us in his face lighting up and going, hey, guys, and like coming over to us with t-shirts and like right as they were like introducing him to go out on stage, him like delaying his introduction so he could talk to us.

Wait, that really happened.

Yes, dude.

It was just so in and incredible.

But you're in because you just received flowers on your birthday.

Did you not?

I saw on your Instagram.

Yeah, from the bon bon bon.

Yeah.

You shouldn't be sending bonbons instead of flowers.

You know what?

I'm going to send my email and be like next time, bon bon.

Here's the other thing.

You have his email.

Yeah.

I've always had to go through a third party.

I just get all this messages put on my iPod against my will.

I'm done talking.

Okay, thank you.

Thank you.

Nice to meet you, Scotty.

Pleasure.

Now you're texting me that said I'm grinding the edge right now.

I thought you were getting into like steamboarding again.

No.

Or something else.

Let me guess.

Is it bonoagemail.com?

No, it's not.

I wish it was though.

That's what they did.

That would be so great.

Yeah.

What an amazing night.

If you want to hear about our adventures, we went to it and then had a very early the next day recording of the episode.

But it was so much fun.

So it was so great to hang with you and your friend at the show.

I can't remember your friend.

Delina.

Right.

She had so much fun.

She didn't really know anything about you too.

So when I invited her, she was like, is that world music?

And I was like, I was like, what?

Kinda.

I mean, really good.

She's not wrong.

They went on that tour with Peter Gabriel and you sued Danore, I guess.

But she loved it.

She loved it.

And how much did she like the guys behind us, booing whenever he talked about politics?

Oh my God, that's right.

I forgot about that.

Stick to music.

I'm a huge fan of bono, but not hearing his political messages.

You're in for a sorry ride, brother.

Rocky Road over the years.

Early morning.

April 4.

Boo!

Well, this is an incredible time in a young woman's life to have both a book out and also to have an HBO Max comedy special.

I mean, those two things hardly ever happen at the same time.

Isn't that right?

It does.

I can't believe it.

I'm so stoked.

Honestly, I've been like doing comedy for like 13 years.

So to be at this point, I'm like, oh, okay, cool.

This is great.

Yeah, incredible.

I mean, your first book came out, let me guess, four years ago or five years ago?

2016.

Five years ago.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And two of the, I mean, most people don't write a book in a lifetime for you to write three in that span of time.

I mean, you had a very productive core, I guess.

I did.

I watched a lot of TV, ate a lot of cake, and I wrote.

That was like truly, it was like I was watching, watched a lot of Lego master.

That was like, I love that show so much.

And I re-watched Sex in the City.

Hell yeah.

The entire thing?

Yes.

How many episodes are there?

Ooh, it's six seasons.

So it might be like almost 100 episodes.

It's worth it though.

It's so good.

It's still, it's, they're not long episodes.

Yeah.

What are they?

Like two minutes long?

Yeah, they're half-out.

You could watch it.

So great.

I watched the mo, I watched that first movie.

Oh no.

Oh, that's all you've seen?

Yes.

No, no, no, no, no.

The movies, no, no, no.

I got that, I got that two days early.

Because my friend, I don't want to say, I don't want to blow up his spot, but my friend sneaked me the movie.

And so I showed some of it at UCB two days early.

Because it was so bad that I just wanted people to see it and there were like people angrily clomping out of the theater because I was spoiling the movie for it.

Because I want, I showed the end.

No!

Oh my, you monster.

You're so ridiculous.

You used to be such a little rap scout.

Oh, I was naughty.

What a naughty little boy.

I was having a laugh.

But I think you should watch this year because I think you will.

I really like it.

What do you think of J-hud as an actress?

You know, I feel like...

Do you want my Oscar?

Yeah.

Did you see her in Cats?

I, okay.

So I, I want my boyfriend's British.

So we went back to the UK.

You don't say.

Yeah.

All right, no flirting.

Yeah.

Is he on the show later?

By the way, we have an English person.

He might be.

He might drop it.

And so we took his mom to see Cats and I fell asleep within...

Wait, you said that like it made like one plus one equals two.

Well, is that what you're...

My boyfriend's British.

So we took his mom to see Cats.

Like that doesn't...

Oh, just because she's super into...

Like I would have never gone to see it.

Into what?

To Cats.

She's in the Cats.

As a British person?

She loves musicals.

Oh.

Yeah.

As a British person.

Yes.

Okay.

I'm just looking for the connection.

Yes.

It's a classic stereotype.

Yeah.

So she loves, she loves musicals and we went home, we went to his home for Christmas and I, we went to Cats.

Where's he live in Blighty?

I was in Bournemouth, the South Coast of England and I fell asleep within the first five minutes of cats.

Whoa, really?

Yeah.

I woke up.

When they were like putting the team together, like the Avengers of Cats.

Yeah, that's what I fell asleep.

And then I woke back up, I watched a few minutes of it.

I watched Taylor Swift's part and I was like, yeah, I made the right decision to go to sleep.

So I went back to sleep and then woke up for the credits.

Well, J-Hud is incredible in that singing mainly.

Is she really?

Yeah.

She, I mean, she can really, you know, sing a song with that emotion and, and...

It's tears streaming down her face and then you see the Sex and the City movie and she's playing a receptionist and just like, well, maybe she's gonna song me entire time as a receptionist.

I'm not sure.

But tell us about the book because first of all, very provocative title.

Geno over here was...

I was upset.

Yeah, you thought it was instructions.

I thought it was instructions.

Yes.

So I, I've been standing up without any clothes on since I arrived in the studio.

I haven't looked to the right yet.

Oh, there you are.

I'm sorry.

I'm just kidding.

I'll turn to the right and you can see my thin little pecker.

It's just, you know, you look just like a line on a graft when you turn to the right.

Call me Y-axes, baby.

But please don't sit on my bed and you're outside clothes.

This is about your relationship with your British boyfriend.

Is he, is he wearing like a, a spats and a three piece suit when he goes to bed?

What is this about?

He does like a suit, but it's really from my parents.

My parents are super neat people.

So they did not like when my brother and I came home from school.

We were like in our outside clothes.

So we had to change into like the clothes everywhere around the house.

So what, what is the dip?

Because I didn't have this where I grew up.

I had just clothes and we couldn't afford a costume change in the middle of the day.

But what, what are the outside clothes?

What are the different?

It's just like pajamas.

Like anything that you, when you, if you step outside your house, that is officially now outside clothes.

So is it the minute you step inside?

You got to get in those?

Like Mr. Rogers or something?

Oh yeah.

I, I'm like that now too.

So like I, I change immediately and like in college.

I didn't want anyone to see you know my like target room essentials bedding.

Like I was an asshole straight up about it.

So I'm really.

And that's hard in college because you don't really have a couch in your dorm room.

So someone comes in there like it's always weird if you visit someone in their hotel room or whatever and then you realize, am I sitting right next to your pillow while I smoke this chill?

I'm sorry.

But it's an essay collection, a write about my parents, my boyfriend, Michelle Obama.

Michelle Obama, what are you writing about her?

Like advice?

I give her advice on how to write a book.

I'm like, I don't know.

I've written three.

You've written one.

She's struggling.

So listen up me.

Let kids eat McDonald's, Michelle, for fuck's sake.

There are so few pleasures in this world.

Let the kids have some fucking nasty food.

Life is so short.

Life is short.

And so hard.

Let these kids go, let these kids shorten their lives even more with salty bombs of fat.

What do you write to Michelle about?

Like what are, what do you write about her?

Just because did you meet her?

I did meet her.

I moderated on her becoming book tour.

Oh, the entire tour?

No, just five.

Just five dates.

Yeah.

So you got to hang out with her five separate occasions.

Yeah, she's really cool.

So funny.

You too, Michelle Obama.

I mean, what lib won't you hang out with?

You know, I'm just trying to have a little collector set of lives.

But she was super cool.

You're trying to own the libs.

Own all the libs.

Is that what that means?

Oh, okay.

Like a Pokemon, you got to collect them all.

I want to do that then.

Got to own all the libs.

So you hung out with her, like, did you travel with?

No, you couldn't have traveled.

No, you just met her at the venue, right?

I was fully on Delta.

You weren't on the tour bus together.

No, no, no, no.

She was on a piece.

Turn Barack in the back with the big back suites and then you and the tiny bunk.

Well, there was so much secret service security at the arena.

It's like when we go like it was intense.

Really?

Yeah.

So we get some sort of like, hey, she's cool.

Pass.

At a certain point.

I mean, we had like a pass, but no, each venue, they were like very strict and we had to make sure you had to write sort of like badges and everything.

Right.

Like our cars were vetted.

Like it was a whole thing.

So you can just stroll right in.

No.

They would tackle me if I tried to drive.

Right.

Like straight up.

Wow.

Straight up.

Yeah.

That's incredible.

And then what do you, I mean, did you ask her the same questions at all five nights?

Was it like that kind of strict of like, we know what we want to hit.

So I'm going to ask you these or was it truly like you throw in weird curveball?

That are like by the fifth one, like I have nothing.

Sort of like this show.

I have nothing else to say.

It's like, okay.

So it's the middle of October.

Michelle, it's going to be Halloween.

If you could walk to the Grand Canyon, would you?

That was last week's show to Vanessa Bear, your castmate.

I love Vanessa so much.

I had different questions every.

Every time.

Yeah, but it was intimidating.

It was like 90 minutes and like 20,000 people, people were like losing their shit.

Like the second she walked out on stage, like just everyone was like, like it was insane.

That was the experience I had watching her speak at the White House when I met her, of course.

You went to the White House?

Yes.

Of course, of course, of course.

But what the experience was when she came out way more popular than Barack Obama and people losing their minds and she, she gave such a great speech.

People were like, you know, you really wanted her to run.

You know, and she was like, now.

I met Michelle Obama also, but it was in a white castle.

Oh, she had come in with a team of like elite security guards and were smashing the burgers and the fries and like spilling out all the fries, the oil from the fat.

She's like, you stop feeding our kids this trash, you mother fuckers.

So she goes restaurant.

You're wrestling with this?

That guy with the axe who chopped open a wooden barrel full of peanut oil and let it spill everywhere.

People are just going fucking, yeah, she got a crew of a touch.

I have no idea.

She's like a vigilante out there with food.

She's going fucking, it was amazing to meet her.

I was like, can I interest you in a chicken ring sandwich?

And she was like, get the fuck out of my face.

I'm like security team pin me down.

What is the chicken?

Show us your little bracelet that you need.

And I was like, I don't have one.

What is the chicken ring sandwich?

Is that some sort of sex thing?

It can be.

The chicken ring sandwich is a dish that they serve at White Castle, but it is also where you put a buffalo wing around the base of your dick and then put it between two pieces of bread and then surprise a diner at the restaurant.

That's probably what she thought you meant.

Yeah, well, I think that was the big difference was we had like a little bit of a miscommunicade.

Okay, got it, got it.

And so this book, I mean, it's rocketing up the charts at this point.

I hope so.

Did we hit the New York Times bestseller list or?

I will find out tomorrow.

Oh my God.

Okay, as of this tape, you're going to find out tomorrow.

This is exciting.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Wait, when is this tape in coming out?

This tape in is coming out at some point, but for those of you who can do the math.

So at this by the time this podcast comes out, we should cover the bases.

So let me do some drops here.

So Phoebe, you've hit number one on the New York Times bestseller list.

Yes, I do throw Matthew McConaughey's green lights, which has been out since that has been on the charts for literally like 30 weeks.

And I listen to it.

I listen to it.

And it is literally at some whole chapters, just him saying bumper sticker ideas and then moving on.

It's worth it and fun.

It is.

I don't know if it's technically a book, but it's wonderful to hear Matthew McConaughey say just about anything, including how most of his major decisions in life he made based on wet dreams, based on coming his pants while he was sleeping.

Wait, what?

I swear to God, he tells three different stories about nocturnal emissions in the book.

Green light.

Does he say green light at the end of every?

Does he mention his sleeping habits?

No, he.

Okay, that's we'll talk about that off air.

Okay, I love it.

All right, we got to do another drop.

So Phoebe, your book just hit number two on the New York Times bestseller list.

I'm so proud.

I'm so excited.

Couldn't knock off McConaughey.

I tried.

I tried so hard.

I know, but still too was so good.

Good company.

That's the true detective reboot I want to see.

Yes.

McConaughey, Robinson, Rocket a Baby.

And then those are the only ones we need to record because it'll be one of those two.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, of course.

Of course.

That's incredible.

So how much of your, you know how when I would mention Bill Cosby, but I guess he's been canceled or something, but whenever comedians back at the 80s.

Because this again, look, you're allowed to eat jello, but stop pushing this whole pro Cosby agenda in addition to just hammering down.

No, but you know when comedians back at the 80s would put out a book, it would just be a transcription of their their stand up act.

Right.

Yeah.

So that is not this, right?

These are two totally different things.

Totally different things.

Totally different.

The special I've been working on for a while, I was supposed to tape it before COVID and COVID happened.

So we had to wait.

So that brought like a new like 20 minutes to add to it.

And then I, we're just sprinkle that 20 at the beginning of the end.

Was it all COVID related or was it there a couple of things there?

So that's been going on in the news.

Oh, because my boyfriend got COVID.

He's, he's fine.

It was always.

Okay.

Yeah, it was three weeks.

I was having an effect in English person as a musical theater lover.

I get a bit of a booger.

I got a bit of a booger here.

I can't use me fifth since I'm bothering it.

Me fourth and fifth seem to be.

Tits up.

He did lose his sense of smell and taste for a bit, but he's good.

He's good.

Okay.

Good.

We're glad that he's okay.

We want you, of course, to be happy.

And I don't know him.

I don't know.

He might come on later.

He may be here.

I don't know.

Yeah.

So it's called Sorry Harriet Tubman.

Look, all I have to go on to talk to you about are these titles.

Yes.

Okay.

Like I'm grasping at straws here.

Tell me about the title.

Tell me about what's in it.

So you're finally coming to terms with that fucked up thing you did to Harriet Tubman and are writing a book as an apology.

Or are you taking her place as?

I am.

As I'm going to be on the 20.

Wow.

Breaking news.

Wow.

Holy shit.

That's wonderful news.

Stack of Phoebe's.

That would be so great to be to I mean because they call him like Benji.

You know, it's all about all about the Benjamin's and all that to be like to have your name be synonymous with being rich.

I can't spot me a couple of feeb's.

I'm fucking feebin.

Feebin for some feeb's.

Um, no, why is it Sorry Harriet Tubman?

I Jessica and I used to always joke when we were doing two-note queens that we were like too ignorant and like in the special I talk about my boyfriend's uncircumcised penis and others like they just this is the big thing you're bearing the lead.

Okay.

So then the guy who's coming on later is not her boyfriend.

You do a circumcision check.

Yeah.

Why was just happened to be in the bathroom, the single stall bathroom at the same time as him and and caught it.

Yeah.

Okay.

Could have been somebody else because he was speaking English and was circumcised.

So I might not even be.

Speaking English.

Yeah.

Good.

Devin.

No, not Devin.

So, so I joke about a lot of ignorant things.

So I'm just sort of like sorry, Harriet.

I don't know if it was worth it for what you did.

Right.

So I could be here to talk about my boyfriend's penis.

Well, I mean that some would say that is the very definition of why it's worth it for you to be able to just talk about dumb shit.

Yeah.

Everyone but feebi's boyfriend is pretty cool with the haul talking about his.

Yeah.

How's he feel about it?

He is very supportive.

He is.

Like I will always give him a heads up.

He's got to be.

He's uncircumcised.

I can.

I let him know that he's going to be the topic of discussion and he'll come to a show like once it's like.

So he'll come to you trying it out and say I'll have a way until like it's fine tuned and perfect.

And they'll come.

So many people have heard it by then.

I know.

So does he get the chance to mix it or no?

Um, I don't think he wouldn't do that.

He wouldn't mix it.

Okay.

That's nice.

Okay.

He's a good dude.

Yeah.

Okay.

Oh, he doesn't have a job.

I'm sorry, Harriet Tubman.

It pays the bills.

Pays the phoebies.

No, he works in music.

He does really.

Yeah.

Is he a bit of a bono himself?

No, no, he works behind the scenes.

So he's worth a bunch of yeah, a bunch of bands.

Yes.

Incredible.

Well, this is out this week, right?

Sorry, Harriet Tubman.

And please don't sit on my bed and tell me it's raining.

No, that's Judge Judy's book.

Please don't sit on my bed and your outside clothes is out right now.

We're just a sequel to Judge Judy's book.

How do you handle that?

Judge Judy presents, please don't sit on my bed and your outside clothes.

How did you do that?

I slid into your DMs and I was like, Judy, I got to get to number two of New York best solicit.

Do the drop of number one.

Yeah.

Just I'm not.

We both know I'm not going to knock off Matthew.

She's like, oh, okay.

Let's call him.

So I'm number two.

Well, those are out right now.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we have an English person.

You know, you're so excited about this.

And so, so is the audience.

I got to say, we also have my former dare officer officer.

Drary is good.

That's hard to say.

Officer officer.

Hard for me to say, I should say.

But we will.

We're going to come right back.

We have more Phoebe Robinson, more.

Gino will be right back with more company bang, bang after this.

Company bang, bang, we're back.

We have, of course, intern Gino over here from the Long Island.

Oh, is that your new catch for us?

I saw the many say to N oik and got me pretty thrilled up because it's all my idea of sopranos babies, which was a TV show I wanted to make just starring.

Well, that was, that was just what you said when sopranos was on.

I remember you were like sopranos babies.

And I was just like, I loved it.

I fucking hear for it.

Yeah.

Enough about me.

Come on, please.

Of course.

Yeah.

Best selling authors.

Number one or number two.

We have a although if you're number two, that's the number of shit.

So you don't want to be that.

It'd be one or three through 20.

Six, six is the number of the beast and two is the number of the douche.

I should be number three.

You're right.

Yeah.

If they call you and say your number two, can you say pass?

Yeah.

Drop me down to number three.

fever Robinson is here.

We have to get to our next guest.

He's the aforementioned English person.

And I don't believe Phoebe.

This is your boyfriend.

It's not.

Unfortunately.

But it's his first time on the show.

He's welcomed for the first time, Kevin Attenborough.

Having been introduced, the guest approaches the microphone and says, Hello.

Oh, hello, Kevin.

So nice to meet you.

It's very nice to be met by you.

Thank you so much for having me on this program.

Yes.

It's wonderful to have you.

What a wonderful, rich voice you have.

I was going to say luxurious and that didn't fit.

Then illustrious.

That doesn't fit either.

Your voice is great.

The confused compliment is received and appreciated.

Of course, this is Phoebe Robinson, by the way.

I don't know if you've ever met a best-selling author.

A best-selling author appears.

She is engaging warm and friendly.

Ooh.

Nice.

Now do, now do Gino.

Oh, yeah, this is Gino.

Hi, I'm Gino.

Nice to meet you, Kevin.

I don't know how to explain him.

The Gino speaks a greeting, perhaps.

It was.

The guy's good.

I mean, he nailed it.

Exactly what you are.

I'm going to say technically a greeting.

Yeah.

So, Kevin.

Creatures such as this Gino must not vanish from the Earth.

I don't think there's any.

I think you might be the one person with that opinion, but I appreciate it.

Well, I think what he's trying to say is probably what your aunt and your mom say, which is like you got a procreate.

You know?

Got a procreate.

Up there, at this point, you've been in college for 10 years or so.

Yeah, it's put me well into my, you know, you know?

Yeah, exactly.

You got to freeze, freeze your business.

Oh, I forgot two deep freezers full of come blocks.

What the planet is to survive.

Measures must be taken to reverse the half.

So Kevin, what, well, you're on this show.

What all I have is, you're an English person.

I'm sorry that my booker screwed up.

I think he just wrote down English person because he doesn't know, you know, anything about you.

But tell us a little bit about yourself approaching America for the first time from the air.

It appears to be nothing more than a massive clouds, but soon those clouds recede and you see the brown and green that make up a continent.

So okay.

Yeah.

So touching down on the tarmac, one realizes that the earth is bigger than what is merely in front of our eyes.

Oh, good.

Good.

Okay.

So you came here from England making his way to the podcast studio.

The guest notes the parking structure.

How to enter how to exit the ticket that must be saved.

He's going to do the parking.

Oh, he did it.

That's amazing.

Wow.

He's going to drive everything from the, from the earth, which he already did, the macro to the micro.

You know what I mean?

Like bugs and stuff.

Holy shit.

The earth and the parking structure.

Fucking shattered me.

There was nothing in between I noticed.

There was the earth.

And then I guess California he did, he did parking structures kind of cell phone is produced and a photograph is taken of the number of the parking space.

This is done for future reference.

I mean, it's not that big of a parking space structure.

I have to say it's one level.

So I secure that the information has been filed away.

The guest leaves the parking structure and presses the elevator button.

Oh, he's going to do the elevator boy.

This is incredible.

So how did you, did you have a nice trip up to the studio?

Entering the tiny chamber.

The guest waits until the doors once again make their presence know a sudden lurch is felt as the elevator rises into what can only be described as the air.

Holy shit.

I feel like I'm on an elevator right now with a shuddering stop.

The doors again, received and the guest exits.

I've never heard it broken down exactly.

I've never been on an elevators and now I know exactly what it's like.

You've never been on an elevator?

It doesn't register my body weight.

It always says anything elevator anytime I try to do.

I usually have to sneak in underneath like one of those serving those platinum serving things.

You know, a close.

Thank you.

Kevin.

One thing he didn't ever see.

He just corrected you.

Oh, man.

I don't have to narrate everything.

It is just something that my family does.

I wanted to say your voice and your speaking style sounds a lot like a certain person by the name of Richard Attenborough.

Is that or David Attenborough?

David Attenborough.

Who is of course the brother of Richard.

Yeah.

What is Richard Attenborough's deal?

What did he do?

Welcome to Jurassic Park.

That's right.

If nothing else, he made his mark with that.

And doesn't he do?

He's the guy.

Could you imagine Richard Attenborough working at Walmart?

Welcome to Walmart.

Because he's the guy outside the Jurassic Park ride that you see on the videos, right?

Yes.

Dino DNA.

So you're the nephew of that guy.

I am his great-great grandson.

Oh, you are.

I am but 14 years old.

Oh, you're 14 years old.

Very excited to be leaving school and traveling to America unaccompanied for the very first time.

Really sorry about trying to get into the bathroom while you were in there before.

Why are you counting on the door?

He frightens the occupant of the restroom.

He cows and waits for the knocking to go away.

I got to ask Kevin, why were you in charge of the parking ticket?

Weren't you driven here by someone?

No.

In America, I drive myself.

What?

No, I mean, maybe in England, that's okay.

I don't know.

They do everything on the opposite side.

So maybe like you can drive when you're a baby and then when you're 16, you can't anymore.

Is that how they do it?

I feel like it has to do with your foreskin.

Yeah, okay.

I don't know.

Driving a department of motor vehicles, there is an exemption for one such as me.

14 year old from England are permitted to drive really if they drive on the opposite side of the street.

Wait, so you're a 14 year old and driving on the opposite side of the street.

This sounds like a traffic hazard.

It isn't so far.

Okay.

Well, what time did you arrive here?

4.30 a.m.?

Yes.

Okay.

Well, yeah, that explains it.

You're going to have a tough time getting out of here.

So do you want to be a famous narrator much like your great, great, great grandfather?

If the clan is to continue, someone must teach the young ones the work of the family.

Okay.

Now we're talking the clan, your family, right?

With a seat.

Okay.

Good.

I just want to make that clear with a seat.

Certain words have been ruined.

You really have?

You have some groups of people.

I know.

Like what?

Or you can't even get cigarettes anymore.

Oh.

Yes, we only call it the one thing.

So you want to be a, you want to do what your family did?

That's incredible.

No.

I wish to carve out my own life for myself.

Really?

At the risk of being shunned by the others.

I will go my own way.

So they would shun you because you don't want to narrate things or welcome to people to Jurassic Park.

I guess.

The family circles tightly.

They will not let the young ones leave for fear of the danger outside.

Oh no.

But one young one breaks free.

He makes his own way across the continent to find himself in a podcast studio.

So wait, you landed in New York then and came all the way.

Oh no.

Yeah, of North America.

How did you travel across the country?

The plane would have crossed the continent too.

I guess so.

But across the, yeah, I guess I don't expect you to narrate every little step of it.

Thanks.

So you want to do your own thing though.

I want to do my own thing.

What do you want to do?

Little Kevin.

To become the next Tony Hawk.

That skateboarder Tony Hawk?

Like as an actor?

Skateboarder.

Tony Hawk.

Does a skateboarder name Tony Hawk?

Yeah, that's a guy I'm thinking of.

He's a famous skateboarder.

He perfected all these weird tricks.

Phoebe, you must know Tony Hawk, right?

Yeah, everyone knows him.

Tony Hawk pro skated too.

Yeah, I mean you're of the generation that idolized Tony Hawk, right?

Yes, he was my favorite.

Yeah, of course.

He's what made me give into comedy.

Of course.

Yeah.

Discovering there are two Tony Hawks is surprising.

I don't know about.

But they're resiliently the young one forges ahead.

I don't know that there are two Tony Hawks, I have to say, Kevin.

What is your Tony Hawk?

Yeah, what does he want to emulate do?

He is a super marination puppet who rode on a rocket ship in a poorly received BBC pilot.

I guess I didn't see this, but what was the pilot called?

It was called Tony Hawk Flies Under the Moon.

Okay, so that's the only that you have half an hour.

That's the only thing you know, Tony Hawk.

21 minutes.

The title of the show itself is sort of an undersell.

Tony flies underneath the moon is just flying over it or around it at the very least.

He doesn't even look up.

He didn't even look at it as he passed it.

He goes under the moon and just sits there.

He wouldn't at least tilt my neck up.

Then he dictates a letter to his wife saying, this is dull.

Why did I do this?

It wasn't worth our marriage.

When he returns to earth.

When he returns to earth, he finds his wife has died.

What?

In the arms of another man.

Okay, so he knew they broke up.

They'll tell you to do a huge coffin.

What?

Together?

Yes.

You can do that?

No, it was a TV program.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Wow.

So, God, I haven't heard about this show.

But fearing moral decay.

Picketed the BBC for years and years.

Years and years because of this one 21 minute program.

And you saw it and you said, I want to do what part of it exactly?

I want to fly under the moon.

Yeah, okay.

Well, this time I will look up.

Yes, I've had great big ball of cheese.

A spacecraft equipped with a window in the ceiling.

Like a sunroof.

A moonroof probably.

Yeah, I guess it would be a moonroof.

Yeah.

Because you don't want it to open and be you're going to look at the moon.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, that's a good point.

Well, I mean, people are flying up into space all the time these days.

People are people.

So, why should it be?

Big to Pesh Mode fan.

Wait, you're just talking?

You never see pilots starting to Pesh Mode?

Allah Mode.

They were they working in ice cream shop?

It eventually evolved into the TV show The Young Ones.

Yeah, that's right.

The entire band was fired replaced by actors.

Incredible.

So you, I mean, people are flying up in space these days.

The incredible, edible egg.

Yes, thank you.

It's almost like you're a member of the Church of commercials.

People are flying up there like William Shatner.

He's going to go up there and he's like almost dang 90 years old or something like that.

He's going to fly up there.

Jump Bezos is going to buzz around up there.

I mean, much like Buzz Aldrin.

He was the original buzz up there.

I didn't realize how many boring old people were flying into space.

Yeah.

It's starting to lose its appeal.

It really is.

We need young blood up there, you know?

Pass.

You're not going to do it anymore.

You've talked to me out of it.

This is your main life stream.

I mean, you're 14.

I understand like these things change.

Yeah, when I was 14, I wanted to be a Navy SEAL.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

But then Obama, then you know, Obama got elected.

I'm sorry.

I refuse to fight on this.

I guess I'm an Osama got killed.

I can play in the dude.

Which is easy to do.

I do that all the time.

I never realized that those two names sound so similar.

Well, then I've got a bunch of flags on trucks among islands to show you.

Okay.

So you don't want to do it anymore.

Well, okay, great.

Maybe you should just narrate things because you're great at it.

Narration.

Why does it exist when the medium of television is show not say?

I know.

Yeah.

It is interesting.

Anytime Narration pops up in something like, I watched this Hugh Jackman movie the other day.

I didn't say.

Shaggy.

No, not jappy.

Is he?

Is he a Jackman in that?

I haven't seen that.

Ooh, put that on the list.

But I saw whatever just came out.

It was like, reverie or reminiscence or reminiscence.

Reminiscence.

Is it reminiscence?

Okay.

So the minute it starts, it's like, so I work at this place and it's like, he's just explaining everything.

The many scenes in Newark starts with a dead character from the Sopranos series, Christopher Multisanti, knowing the setup of the voiceover and even saying, and I'm going to hell soon.

Oh, no.

He's aware that he's dead.

Buried in a Catholic cemetery, the character describes his own murder at the hands of Tony Soprano.

Oh, no.

Does he talk about working on Shark Tail?

Because he was great.

I did a V.O. session with him.

He was amazing.

Multisanti?

No, whoever plays him.

Imperiality.

Yes.

Yes, yes.

He was ever played.

You had life on Mars.

You shot there.

Tribute to a wonderful actor.

Whoever plays him.

The guy who plays Christopher, my favorite actor from my phone, Mars.

The Emmy goes to the guy who played Christopher.

Did he win?

He showed up.

He's great.

Whoever it was.

Oh, well, yeah, just nary things now.

This is great.

I mean, you know, your family will be happy.

I'll be happy.

If you see.

If you see what?

If you see a seal on a beach and an orca comes out of the ocean and bites the seal in half.

Do you need someone to explain what's going on?

I guess not.

That would be kick ass if I saw that though.

Pretty obvious.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Now I want to see that.

Do you know where I can see something like that?

Yes.

Where?

There is a nature program that's all about whales called Secrets of the Whales, narrated by Sigony Weaver.

Sigony Weaver from Alien.

My gosh.

And there's a long, long section where young orcas are practicing how to snatch a seal off the beach.

Practice it to the point where the viewer feels as if it's supposed to root for this gigantic monster to destroy this tiny dog of the ocean.

So they're practicing so they're just like picking them off one by one or they're practicing on rocks.

Not at first.

You watch them get in good at it and then eventually they get the seal.

Oh my God.

That was the thing that I didn't want to be an A.C.L. after I saw that.

That orca thing.

That could happen if that could happen to a baby seal could happen to a Navy Seal of course.

The baby seal admiring its grandparents grows up and enlists in the service and becomes a Navy Seal.

Yep.

Do you think a seal knows its grandparents or is it just like other animals?

You know what I mean?

What?

No, I understand the first he looks at his grandparents and says other animals.

You know what I mean?

It's at his extended family and says other animals.

But you know, do they have relationship like obviously there's no language between...

I don't think there's like a seal grandma putting five dollars in a card and giving it to the seal every person.

That's my question is like there's no language between them.

So the concept of a grandparent like would you...

Seal suffocated by his mother's desires has no choice but to stay at home and take care of the family.

You'd know your mom because of all the...

I decided to go out and star as Sally Bowles in a revival of Cabaret for seals.

Are we talking about Seal the singer right now?

He wanted to star in Cabaret.

Seal who loves Halloween now estranged from his former wife Heidi Klum.

Yes.

Puts on an elaborate costume all by himself at home, turns off the porch lights and watches the remake of Candida.

This I want to see.

See this is a documentary I want to see you've picked my interest here.

I'm just telling a story that hasn't happened.

I'm not narrating anything.

It should happen.

God.

Hopefully it doesn't snow because did you know that when it snows his eyes become light.

You know what we do of course we know.

We all know what happens to...

Poor guy.

He be you a Seal fan.

I do like you.

Yeah.

He's great right?

Amazing.

To think about him on Halloween he used to go to all those parties with Heidi Klum.

He just got to sit around the house.

God you're really making your break in my heart here.

Do you think Seal's not getting invited to Halloween party since he got divorced from cool?

Well I mean she seemed like the one who wanted to do all the big like haha I'm a supermodel but I don't dress you know like sexy.

I put bolts in my neck isn't that cute.

You know so that seemed like her thing and now like if he goes he could kick it up like eight notches and be like no I was the mastermind behind all this.

And his thing is comedy movies.

Yeah that's true.

Yeah you have pop star.

You never stop stopping.

That's the one I know.

And somebody else?

That was good.

Oh the mass singer too he was in that.

Maybe the most recognizable voice to ever be in the mass singer.

Like the minute he opened his voice everyone was like oh this is Seal.

What a thing to do with Seal?

Yeah he was dressed like a Seal that was the other part of it.

Everyone's like is it Croft?

Is it Croft?

And was like no it's Seal.

That's a modern reference right?

I got it.

Thank you.

Gino it's timeless.

Well Kevin references.

Crusted in age and drama.

Lost on the listeners of the podcast.

Well yeah probably.

Kevin I feel bad for you.

A thousand people flock to Wikipedia.

To see if they can understand their favorite program.

That's usually to change someone's page because of something we talked about but.

Seal his page altered.

Now no longer loves Halloween.

He has become instead I say Patrick's Day enthusiasts.

Oh wow that would be incredible.

Fearing a green derby.

And curled up shoes.

He might look like the riddler if he.

If he put questions.

He ever curled up shoes.

Yeah I did.

The riddler doesn't wear clothes.

Okay well the genie from Aladdin does.

Well why didn't you mention him?

I was about to.

I think technically the genie from Aladdin doesn't have any legs.

Oh.

Because just down into.

I was thinking about my buddy Will Smith.

He has.

Oh your friends.

Yeah exactly.

I was thinking about having lost his way during quarantine.

Post an Instagram selfie of his dad bod.

Has she had dad bod or pound dad bod I'm sorry for you.

That pound dad bod indeed.

Pound that by God damn it.

God damn it.

I am legend.

Well Kevin you know what it means when I say well Kevin right.

We're wrapping up towards the break.

Going to wrap up towards the break doesn't realize that the guest knows exactly what he's doing.

I said you knew what I was doing.

But you know what I'm doing.

Oh oh I'm sorry.

What am I doing?

Alright never mind Kevin.

And that mattress money Scott.

What's that?

All of the mattress money of course we got to get the mattress.

The conversation hasn't gone this badly since I met Michelle Obama.

Wait you met Michelle Obama?

Let's go to a break.

Okay we have to go to a break.

Kevin I'm glad that you are switching back to narrating because this is what you're good at so I'm glad I'm glad.

Okay give away that whole or give up at least you don't give away dreams you give them up great advice from an adult to a child give up.

Give up.

We have to go to a break boy when we come back we have my former dare officer speaking of advice from an adult to a child boy.

This is a guy just the one piece over and over.

Yeah but don't do it.

Or dare not do it.

I remember exactly the language you used.

We're going to come right back we have more Kevin Attenborough more intern genome more Phoebe Robinson will be right back more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we're back in during the break Phoebe Robinson got some tea here and she's about to drink it but although she decided to text maybe a thank you for that tea I'm not quite sure.

We also have it.

The drink of my people.

I can go over some tea.

Hi doctor says I have low tea.

Oh I think that's something different.

Yes the tea is how old do you have to be to drink tea because it has caffeine right?

Approximately one yeah.

Really they start you in on it.

Yes it's poured down your throat before you can even object.

I like that when you film something in England like everyone takes a tea break like it's a normal thing right.

It is a normal thing.

But not here I mean you know what I mean.

That's abnormal.

Yeah oh I have no breaks here.

That's right that's the important part.

We do drink coffee but there's no coffee breaks so you got a deal.

You got to drink it while you're operating $10,000.

Tumbling out of bed stumbling to the kitchen.

Pouring oneself a cup of ambition then yawning stretching trying to come to life.

Out on the street.

I want you to continue so I didn't interrupt it.

Keep going.

The traffic sucks.

We want to get this clean so we can put it under the music as well.

Or over the music I guess.

Alright continue please from the second part.

Trying to remember blood starts pumping.

When does the blood start pumping?

The blood starts pumping.

I can look it up for you if you.

Yes okay here we go.

The host grabbing for his phone looks up the lyrics to the song 9 to 5 by Dolly Pot.

Really okay.

Here we go.

Who?

9 you think wrote for 9 to 5.

Rode 95 is what I thought it was.

Loved balloons.

Yeah yeah.

I thought it was.

She hadn't quite perfected it yet.

Nana.

Alright here we go.

Ready?

Here you are.

Here you are sir.

Let's get this clean.

Here we go.

Tumbling out of bed stumbling to the kitchen.

Pour myself a cup of ambition.

Yawn, stretch.

Try to come to life.

Jump in the shower and the blood starts pumping.

Out on the street the traffic starts jumping with folks like me on the job from 9 to 5.

Let's get a little of course.

Oh yeah.

Joking 9 to 5.

Wait you need it clean.

Gino right sorry sorry.

Okay here we go.

Joking 9 to 5 what a way to make a living barely getting by.

It's all taking and no giving.

They just use your mind and they never give you credit.

It's enough to drive you crazy if you let it.

Oh my god.

9 to 5.

Just when you think you figure out what exactly this show is.

Yeah.

Something like that happens and then it cracks it wide.

Oh my god.

Holy shit.

Yeah I have the the plight of Dolly.

I never thought about it.

They use your mind and they don't give you credit.

Plight of Dolly.

The alternate titles for Paddington.

Oh that's true.

I remember that.

Well look we have to get to our next guest.

This is exciting.

You someone that I used to know back when I was just a wee lad much like yourself Kevin.

You're so cute.

I just want to pinch your cheeks.

Don't.

Okay.

I won't.

I needed consent and I didn't get it.

You never will.

Never.

Not even when you turn 18.

Why would it be cooler to pinch his cheeks when he's 18?

I'm just saying.

I will not lose my cheek virginity to you.

Wait if you do lose your cheek virginity though will you come back and allow me.

Absolutely.

Okay thank you so much.

All right.

Well maybe our next guest will be the one who plucks your cheek virginity from you.

We don't know.

Slap makes them cheek slap as well.

Yes of course.

He was my former dare officer.

He's welcome to the show for the first time officer dreary.

Oh a little scabby, a little scabby ockerman.

Oh grown up.

Oh look at you.

I have grown up.

Oh look at you.

Look I'm here because you may not know this but it's October.

Oh no I didn't know.

Actually maybe you weren't here officer dreary.

We covered it a little bit.

Okay well this is a month where a lot of people do it at drugs.

And I got it.

Yeah yeah yeah.

Well I never thought about that.

I would think that first of all I would think December.

Right yeah a drug butt month for sure.

Drug butt month is a.

That's a butt month.

But they do not butt them out.

The shambish for both and happy boofin days.

I don't know what these things are.

I think these kids they come up with new stuff every month.

Oh every month every month.

Every month times a year.

That's a new butt thing.

It's a laugh and drug related.

Those are the ones I focus on at least.

Okay so every month a butt thing often drug related.

Most of the ones I'm focused on.

If I put on my Google search and it's not drug related I love my wife.

Look at that.

Oh okay.

She must have it under her.

Yeah that's for her.

She has a job that is non drug related butt stuff.

Yeah no just the butt enthusiast I would say.

Oh she's an enthusiast.

She's a good show of mine so she looks at other people.

Wait you're scared to show her yours?

Yes yes.

Wait wait what's wrong with yours if I may ask you're wearing low rise jeans.

That's right.

I give a peek to everyone.

Sure but you're scared to show the whole thing.

It's just a taste.

It's a little taste.

Look a lot like drugs.

And I wouldn't know.

I never touched the alcohol.

Never done the weed.

Never done the cigarettes.

And I'm going door to door to my students to see making sure you're staying clean.

You're living to the proud fifth grade legions that we made to never touch a drug.

Yeah I mean you gave one talk at my high school.

That's right yeah I passed the drugs around the class so everyone could look at them.

Most of them didn't come back.

You remember that.

Yeah that was a tough day for me but I battled back and now I'm here to make sure you're not doing the drugs.

So you're doing door to door business now.

I'm going to door to door.

All service.

You would not let me go to your home for some reason.

You made me come here.

Yeah parking was a nightmare.

I didn't know.

Did you take a picture of your spot?

No no one told me now I know.

Now I know what to do but the first time I was wandering.

There's a key code I don't know.

I was lost down there.

So 19 years later you follow up with your students.

That's right.

This is crazy.

That's right.

Yes I had just 19 years since I've been graduating.

That's right.

Since I was in the fifth grade.

That's right.

I'm not going to go for a photo.

I'm batting a thousand.

No one has done alcohol.

No one has done the weed.

No one has done any drugs.

Sure.

Yeah you're batting a thousand.

Yeah.

I certainly haven't done any of those things.

You haven't.

Because I got worried.

Yes that seal grandparent question earlier and it got me worried.

Does a seal know his own grandparent?

Yeah.

I can see how that would throw you but no no I'm totally totally clean.

Phoebe I don't know.

I mean you know Phoebe wasn't one of your actual.

But did you go through the program?

I did.

Okay then you did.

Yeah I did dare.

I was in grade school.

You know the song?

I don't remember.

Drug abuse resistance.

I got you know the song education.

Come on I can see your mouth in it.

I don't know why you're afraid to sing it on the microphone but you were humming it.

Yeah what is it?

Drug abuse.

Resistance education.

Drug abuse.

Just that.

It's just that education.

There you go.

Yeah you got that.

Does that have a dare stood for?

You never covered it.

Sounds like a shop of horrors.

Yeah.

Drug abuse.

We got some education.

We got some situation.

We got sued.

We did get sued.

You did.

Yeah.

Who buy the three women who sing that?

Yes.

Not Ashford.

Menken and what is it?

Ashford and Simpson.

Yeah.

Well back to Wikipedia for the listeners.

We did get sued but the message is clear as everyone knows because we all know the song we all sing the song.

And so I think it's just it's been a dream of mine to meet my former students and make sure they don't drink alcohol.

They don't do the booze.

Well I, you know, okay.

You're making me feel really guilty here.

You don't need to.

I have to confess something.

Okay.

What?

You've killed someone?

Oh shit.

I can confess that to you.

As long as you weren't on drugs or alcohol and you did it with a signed mind and body.

Oh no.

I was very clear minded.

Okay.

Yeah.

They're not right.

You forgive your sins.

Okay thank you so much.

But I, one other thing is I also, I had a sip of a wine cooler.

Oh my God.

Like probably nine minutes ago.

Oh no.

During the break.

Oh no.

Oh it is a, it is noon on a Tuesday.

Oh yeah.

Oh okay.

Things, and to be, and to be honest that was the latest in a long string of drinks that I've taken over the past 19 years.

Oh your life must be terrible.

I mean aside from the fact that you must live in a studio apartment, you must, with eight other people who pass drugs around to each other.

I mean metaphorically yeah.

Yeah okay.

That sounds right.

Yeah.

Oh boy.

Not me.

I got myself a one bedroom and I am doing good.

Where do you live now?

I am well we're between places.

You have a one bedroom but you're in between places.

Yeah yeah.

So you just take the bedroom with you.

We move the bedroom.

Is it one bedroom in between two other places that people live?

That's correct.

Oh I see.

One bedroom between two places.

We don't have the roof part.

That's for everyone else.

I'm going to set up a little bedroom outside to other apartments because I was getting kicked out.

I was yelling at my neighbors.

My neighbors were drinking alcohol.

I could hear it.

I could know it.

They didn't go through the program I suppose.

Right.

I mean it's not illegal to drink alcohol you know.

But every drug is just as bad as the other drug.

So if you drink a little bit of alcohol it's the same.

It's slippery slope.

Drinking the heroin.

Yes the drinking age is nine.

Oh really?

Wow.

No ideas.

That's incredible.

But they have to be 16 to drive on the wrong side of the road.

Right yes.

Different than the UK.

God the things you can do over there.

They don't want to move.

Oh no no not there.

Not to this place.

The France is the place of murderers and drunks.

What murderers have ever come from France?

Oh murders and the room wall.

That's a good point.

And I guess Polanski lives there.

You do other stuff.

Yeah exactly that is we can all agree that's murder right.

Not murder but.

What no you want to finish this.

I guess the US is better.

All right.

Yes exactly.

And so I'm proud of you up until I learn this new information.

Yeah I'm sorry your life is so bad.

I mean you you seem like you had everything going on.

I mean when I was 10 you seemed so cool.

You were in those 88 or sunglasses.

Those ones that you have the ones.

Yeah the ones we have on.

Yeah you were the same thing.

Were they easier to see out of them?

Yeah.

I just keep adding layers to it.

So it's become tough.

It's got bubbles like a tint on a bad cop.

Yeah that's very thick.

It's very thick.

Rather than replace the first one I just put a new one on top of the other one.

I'm about 40 deep right now.

Yeah.

Yeah well I honestly I started finding out kids were wearing our shirts ironically.

Oh yeah.

They were doing drugs while wearing our shirts.

And I fucking destroyed me.

I'm sorry can I say destroyed on the show?

Oh yeah I guess so.

Yeah if it's accurate really describe your feelings.

But how did you figure this out?

It was like Instagram posts or something.

Yeah well I started going.

You know we started crunching the numbers making sure everyone 100% of students are 100% of students are still doing not doing the drugs.

And then we started finding some people they were saying one thing and then Lincoln and doing the other thing right now.

Oh so the Lincoln number shot up.

The Lincoln number shot right through the freaking roof.

So a big uptick in wink numbers.

Got it.

So now we got kids who are doing the drugs and I don't know.

I was living by the fact because not much else is going well for me.

I was living by the fact that all of my kids never did the drugs.

I gotta say that when you gave all those bumper stickers to us a lot of students they put them on the backs of their cars in order to make sure they never got pulled over by cops when they were high.

Oh the don't pull me over I'm not high bumper stickers.

Yeah.

Oh my goodness.

Those were weird that you brought those.

How did that song go?

Don't pull me over because I'm not high it was like a little faster one.

Yeah.

We got super 95.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Pull me over because.

My whole life and I'm looking through a different lens now.

Well now I feel now I'm throwing fuel on the fire here but I gotta be honest with you Officer Dreyre.

I've also seen Scotty, pop, yellow jackets and blue devils.

Oh my god.

I'm not proud of it.

I'm guessing those on birds.

No they're not birds.

They're classically pills that I learned about from the DARE program and then saw a lot in my career as a drug addict.

Oh for your career I did I opened up my I was more of an intern in the drugs for a while now in my adulthood I forgot to start planning an occupation.

Oh I wonder why you're standing naked in the corner of this room.

Well yeah that is my own that is my side so we can't take it away.

That's where to go.

Where to go.

Oh hopefully it's a water.

Do you do drugs?

I mean do you talk about it in your book or?

I do drink.

Oh no.

I know.

The tea.

The tea we're talking about.

The rosé.

Oh my god.

Oh the other tea.

The other kind of tea.

Open me with the end with the tequila.

Oh my goodness.

Rosé and tequila.

Wonderful drink.

Oh I'll have another rosé and tequila please.

Oh I wouldn't know.

Just don't.

Maybe you should drink maybe you wouldn't know.

No I drink.

You do terrible things when you're on drugs.

You do terrible things.

I am proud every choice I've made though mostly terrible.

I've done full mind and body.

It doesn't seem like it's working out for you.

You don't have a roof.

What no.

But if I did drugs I would imagine there was a roof and I would get rained on all the time.

So wait.

Now first of all you live in a very rainy city.

Oh yeah.

But secondly now you don't imagine there's a roof so you leave your house and what get rained on outside of your.

Yes I do.

But I'm aware of the fact it's happening.

I am connecting to the world.

Look yes yes I have cheated on my wife.

Sure.

Wait we didn't ask you.

We've all done that.

Keep going.

Okay.

No but if I were I'm not going to forget.

Be a woman guy or one man man.

Wait so your wife because you won't show her your butt.

Your little little butt.

Yes oh yes true true you've said you've seen it.

Well yeah.

No no one was supposed to see it.

Oh it's been out for everyone.

You carry yourself like someone with a small butt.

I don't know if I can necessarily see your small butt but you're you have SBE.

Are you going to say Kevin you have the SBE.

Small butt energy.

Oh you would show.

People who don't like a ward show are able to watch.

That's right.

So you but you cheated on her.

Yes yes and I and doing so I knew I was doing it.

I was aware I was doing it.

Had I been on drugs or alcohol I might have gone home and said I didn't cheat on you.

And then maybe stabbed her.

Wait so you did go home and said I cheated on you and did you stab her?

I did stab her.

Yes but again it was my my sign mind body and soul.

Mine sign body sign.

My sign my sign was signed.

I signed the sign.

Look officer Drey.

You gotta get your shit together man.

I haven't I haven't together my friend.

You are the one popping blue jackets and yellow tails and drinking.

Yeah but everything worked out for me.

I mean you know obviously I had advantages that pretty much like I could come to work and never get fired because of what I looked like.

Sure sure sure sure.

And what you do for a living is kind of bullshit as well.

Yeah that's true.

I'm trying to stay sober my life so that I can complete my dream of meeting Will Smith.

And if I have something terrible to tell you.

What what?

I worked with Will Smith on Charkdale and I've drank almost every day since you're not simply not sure not Charkdale.

Yes Charkdale.

That's the film I saw where I wanted to meet him.

I was unaware of his work until that point.

No.

Oh no.

Yeah.

I'm so sorry.

You've ruined your life you've wasted your life and I've I mean I've I feel like I've wasted mine but can you hook them up can you have Will and Jada have them over for a red table talk or something.

They're just waiting on my say so to do a Charkdale too.

You're still holding out waiting for the numbers to come up.

I think those numbers do.

The drugs the drugs Charkdale too should be done.

You know that.

You gotta get to three for 3D ASAP.

That's right.

Perhaps a new sense of purpose could be found in my country of England where at 1059 p.m.

hordes of teenagers descend upon the closing pubs where the pub the pub lord will throw out the used bar towels for the evening.

The children then insert them into their rectums.

Talking up all of the leavings of every drunk person that has been in there for hours and hours.

Is this something that you're interested in your your wife.

No this I know this British towel but you're talking about British towels.

Just do you.

Yeah I'm well aware of British towel but no thank you.

Are they doing that here nowadays British Talbot?

Every time I put in the Google it only takes me to the British towel but oh yeah.

One thing they don't tell you.

Every day.

Oh sorry.

Every day my boyfriend does that.

Really every.

Oh boy.

I'm so proud.

I watched a British guy do it and he told me the trick is to make sure you lay on your tummy when you do it or else you ring it all out into your drawers.

Oh.

And they're like and it's hard to tell because they drink room temperature flat beers over there.

Why are you squatting above your drawers.

What?

No my drawers.

Oh okay.

Not my dresser draw but my underwear.

Okay my underwear is a drawers.

I would kill for drawers just a set of drawers.

You don't have any drawers free ball with that little ass.

Your pants are going to fall down.

You're wearing low rise jeans with no underwear.

No for any.

Ty risk low yield there officer.

I have underwear but no drawers to put my underwear in.

Oh that's ironic.

Because Linus Moore said song about that yet.

Not yet she doesn't go on to the ball till 7 p.m. tonight.

Does she keep adding to the song?

Anytime she notices it.

It's about one a year.

I've noticed the song is very long now.

I've heard it.

It's like very.

It's like American pie.

Isn't an ironic to those that are considered themselves pro-life to be so forcefully anti-mask and anti-vax.

And there's a little wonky in the break.

But it's zeitgeisty.

It's newer.

The fans can leave if they don't like that.

Look.

Officer Dreyer.

Do you think she would get mad if I went to her concert and sucked Dave Kool-Ye off in the crowd?

She's like that's my gag.

Cut it out.

What if Dave Kool-Ye were to invite Anne Murray to an Alanis Morris head concert and go down on her?

Oh, during that song.

Whoa, there's levels.

Incredible.

And then looking up at the stage, Alanis Morris head bathed in the lights of the concert.

Dave Kool-Ye says, how do you like it?

Wow.

I want to see this now.

All your made up stuff I want to see.

You have but to use your imagination.

Thank you.

Say welcome to Jurassic Park for me.

Why didn't he ever tell people goodbye when they met the Jurassic Park?

Say goodbye then please.

Thank you for visiting Jurassic Park.

I mean, I guess.

Goodbye.

Oh, thank you.

I guess they were all dead.

Not all.

Yeah.

Dr. Ian Malcolm.

He survived.

Yeah, that's true.

Alan, what's his name?

And I'm by Sam Neal.

Yeah, that's right.

He's back.

Laura Dern.

What about Lauren Lapkis?

Did she die?

No, she made it.

He didn't welcome anyone to Jurassic World.

That's true.

That seems like a glaring omission.

Dino DNA.

Thank you.

Did you like Jurassic Park?

Did you see that?

Or is that too scary for you?

I loved it.

But then I started feeling that some people were high while they were watching it.

Yeah.

Because they were getting scared of stuff to me that wasn't that scary.

Like what?

The shaving cream, the can of shaving the human.

Yeah, just the can though.

Just purely the can.

Just the...

He's headed down on a table and a bunch of kids freaked out next to me.

The second unit director shot of the can?

I don't know how the moss is made.

But yeah, just on the thing.

Did you turn around to them and say, ah, ah, ah, like Nedry?

Do you think the second unit director is like, all right, we got it.

It's in the can.

What?

The can.

And they got fired immediately and Spielberg is like, I'm taking over.

My God.

Well, Officer Jerry, I got to say you're a mess.

The kids should not grow up to be like you.

They should do drugs.

I mean, just...

No, no, no, no.

This is anecdotal, you know, evidence here.

But I mean, if you don't do drugs and you end up like you, what's the point?

But I have time to turn it around.

I'm the only...

How old are you now?

1996.

Oh, I did not know that.

Yeah.

By the way.

Yes.

No wonder your butt is so little.

Thank you.

You worked your ass off these last day in the years.

It sounds like.

Yeah, that's nice.

Well, look, guys, we're running out of time.

We only...

Thank fucking Christ.

Really?

Wait, you're the key one to come here?

I know.

I've been dying to come here, but now I want to go meet my buddy Dave at the Hollywood Bowl.

Yeah, you...

Because I thought of it even better, I could say, got any wood.

Okay, I don't know what that references is.

That's the beaver character that he voiced in maybe two episodes of Full House, which is in my head for some reason.

Okay, never seen it.

We are running out of time, but we only have time for one final feature, and that is a little something called plug.

Oh my God.

If the ass off another pie, I need more.

Give me anything that speaks to you.

I need more.

Give me anything that speaks to you.

I need more.

Give me anything that speaks to you.

I need more.

♪ He's here, you before ♪ ♪ We go and be scared ♪ ♪ It's okay if they're unprepared ♪ ♪ Even though I assume you made me hear a plug you're shown ♪ Yeah, that was Vocal Range Nightmare by Kevbot 4000.

No, Kevbot 4000 is submitted before.

Thanks so much for that plug's theme.

All right, guys, what do we plug in?

I'm Geno, obviously, now you've had something that you've been sitting on for a long time.

It's not that little butt.

Oh, no, it's this glass dildo that I saw.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, I'm not here to plug.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, Okay, got it.

So I have the Geno Lombardo season three has, Oh!

Yeah, it's out, it's out right now, two episodes deep on two deep, yeah, you're asked to sleep.

Are we currently in the middle of October?

Is it the eyes of October?

I believe we are, yeah.

Okay, great.

I gotta listen back to the first part of the show to figure that out.

Please don't, I did not get it, I don't think.

That's sorry, this is the Donald Glover episode from the first year.

Oh, shit!

We didn't record the first, anyway, go ahead.

Well, check out the Geno Lombardo show, it's on Stitcher Premium, which use promo code Geno to get one free month.

And you can even wait a few weeks and listen to all 30 episodes in that month if you're feeling crazy.

Yeah.

Wow, one a day.

Less vitamins.

Oh, you gotta have multis and you gotta listen to my show.

Also, this is, I'm not gonna be at these shows, but a comedian that I'm a huge fan of, he's like a lesser successful guy from Long Island that I like to try to, you know, bring under the wing a little bit.

I saw him on that, that bridal show.

Yeah, bridal, bridal.

Or he was trying to out-drunk a guy.

Yeah, that's probably the one of the few things he can win in.

And that's, his name is John Garbus, and he, something like that, and he's- Garbo.

Is it Garbo?

Garbo talks, yeah.

Gretta Sun, he's going on tour and he's touring on October 21st through the 24th.

That's coming up.

It's very soon, so you can get your tickets now at Gabris Gabbris, however he says, at gabris.com.com.

He's in San Francisco, Portland, Seattle, and a little New York Power Hour stuff.

Oh, okay.

What does he do, though?

I mean, I can't imagine him.

He has a podcast, and it's, honestly, it's almost nothing.

It's, he just gets like a comedian to come up there and he talks to him for a little bit.

It's the privilege of seeing you in, or him in person.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You may show up at something.

And honestly, I don't understand why anyone buys tickets to live podcasts, because they're eventually in your pocket for free, but I appreciate that they do.

Seeing all the funny faces we make at each other the entire time.

Some of these were golden, man.

I was doing some over here to Kevin.

Yeah, the shit you were doing.

He was doing some back.

Yeah, it was fucking great.

It was crazy.

You gave good, good face, brother.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate that.

Well, everyone head over there to gabris.com.

Is that what you say?

Gabris.com slash live.

Yeah.

Slash live.

And the state should premium.com, promo go, Gino for one free month.

Okay, we'll do it live.

Fuck it.

We're doing it also from Long Island.

Great guy.

Love him.

Sarah, what do you want to plug here?

On Saturday, the 23rd of October.

A show is happening at Dynasty typewriter, which is sold out, but will be live streamed to the world.

It is called the Uncanny Hollow, and it is a sketch show that is done in the manner of the Twilight Zone.

Oh my gosh.

The cast includes Toni Newsom, Tim Bolts, Sean Distin, Mary Sone, and Lily Sullivan, hosted by Paul F. Tompkins.

Names no one who listens to this show would recognize because they've never been on the show.

But that was our song.

Oh, Toni was on for this soundtrack.

Toni's been on.

Oh, okay, that's cool.

Yeah, but they're very talented.

Lily, though, has a great Twitter handle.

I can't remember exactly what it is, but.

It's not difficult.

No, of course not.

Well, that's great.

I mean, people can live stream this, even if they can't be in the room with these very special people.

But, and this, what I heard about this is, Paul F. Tompkins first sketch show in like 30 years?

Is that possible?

That seems maybe too many years ago.

Too much, but in a while.

It feels like the end.

Right.

Feels like 90.

That's from Jesus Christ Superstar, is it not?

The writer of Cats, I don't know if you know that, but all you guys in England love him.

From what Phoebe says, Phoebe, what turning to you now?

What do you want to plug?

Obviously, please don't sit on my bed in your outside clothes.

And sorry, Harriet, top me on HBO Max.

And that's it.

That's it.

Nothing else, no podcast, nothing.

I'm on podcast hiatus.

You're on high?

Yeah.

Black Frasier is the last podcast that I had out.

And it's with me and my boyfriend, code name British Bake Off.

And we give advice and interview people, but that's on high.

What type of advice do you give me some advice?

Cause I need some.

What do you like anything?

You're a expert?

Figure out a hairstyle.

No.

Oh, sorry.

I thought you were asking for advice from everyone.

No, not from everyone.

Do you feel product in your hair?

Or is it just naturally like that?

No, there's product in it, but it's why.

What were you going to say if I said no?

I was going to say your hair naturally can just make that share the content.

It's too crazy.

I'm due for something.

People can look at the picture.

Yeah.

You're perfect.

You don't need any of it.

Thank you so much.

This is the advice I like.

You're perfect.

You don't need any.

Done.

Officer Drey, what do you, I mean, do you want to plug anything?

You have to have to plug.

Well, I will.

If you're in LA and you like to pray you are and you live and you like live improv, you can go to Holy shit improv.

It's Mondays at the Silver Lake Lounge.

It's a lot of great people.

And if you like to listen to podcasts, there's two I listen to, two comedy ones.

One's called Family Time.

It's a family in Pasadena.

They're a real laugh.

And then everyone bailed, which a bunch of people bail on a guy.

Now that one, the sound quality was started right when quarantine happened.

So you got to plug your ears a little bit.

But you'll enjoy it as you get to.

Give it some.

Yeah.

You'll get some little leeway.

Some guests are still figuring out Zoom.

But you'll have a blast.

Yeah.

OK.

Those are great plugs.

I want to plug.

Hey, CBBWorld.com, comedybangbangworld.com.

Going strong.

We, of course, had a great show on Friday of Scott Hasn't Seen, where we watched the Adams family with Adam Scott.

That just came out because his name is Adam.

And this week we have, of course, the Andy Daily podcast project.

Episode 3 is coming out tomorrow.

And this Friday, we're watching Dune, the old Dune, the David Lynch Dune.

So that'll be exciting.

Plus, I think something's coming out on Wednesday as well.

So a lot of great stuff.

Head over to CBBWorld.com, Bananas for Bananza, Ad-Free, Episodes of Comedybangbang.

You can listen to there.

And if you sign up for a year, you get two months free.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Rain, rain, coming down.

If it comes down and crosses, hey, rain.

Come on down.

If I open my mouth to the sky, I can get a drink of water now.

Oh, rain, rain, rain, rain, and we got bees.

Yes, that was, whoa.

It was not over.

That was Rain Song by the Midsst.

The Midsst, thank you so much.

Gino, thank you so much.

Great to see you.

Good luck with you.

You're welcome.

I was going to say you're true, but you're not going on the tour.

No, I wish this guy needs podcasts help big time.

You really got John Garbage, a garbage, some whatever it is.

Or the band garbage.

Oh, check them out, Shirley Manson.

They're also playing tonight, the Hollywood ball opening for a lot of tickets to this.

You've been there so many times.

OK.

Dave, cool to know.

Phoebe, great to have you.

So wonderful to see you.

My YouTube friend, of course.

All things YouTube we share together equally.

We do.

When they go back on the road, we have to go to a show together.

Do you know anything?

I don't.

I swear.

I do not.

I thought that I would tell you.

We got to go.

So Phoebe's your YouTube friend, and Kevin is your me too, friend?

I don't know about that.

Kevin, Attenborough.

I'll get back to you.

But Officer Dreyre, mainly because we're all shouting.

Officer Dreyre, look, your life sucks.

Out of anyone here, Phoebe should be giving you advice, because she gave me advice that I didn't need any, which is great.

Yeah.

Looking forward for what you do with the hair, though, it's something that's coming to head for sure.

Yeah, good.

But check out the picture to see if I need it.

Yeah.

Don't do drugs.

Don't do drugs that I'm doing the worst here.

Got it in there right under the wire.

Really appreciate that.

And Kevin Attenborough.

Greta Garbo and Munna.

Dietrich and DiMaggio.

Marlon Brando, Jimmy Dean.

On the cover of a magazine.

Grace Kelly Harlow-Geechne.

Picture of a beauty queen.

Gene Kelly, Fred Astaire.

Ginger Rogers, Dance on Air.

They had style.

They had Grace.

Rita Hayworth gave good face.

Lauren, Catherine, Lana 2.

Betty Davis.

We love you.

Vogue.

Oh.

Brilliant.

God.

Please, someone turned that into a plugs theme as well, too.

We need that clean.

Thank you so much, guys.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Vogue.

I'm a fucking idiot.
