---
layout: page
title: 729. Edgar Wright, Bobby Moynihan, Dan Lippert [6175fc4d5c78140012bf3d0e].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Fuzzy-wuzzy was a bear, he's dead now.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, ooh appropriate for Halloween Week, a very gruesome and chilling catchphrase.

Thank you so much to OKIMated.com Twitter account for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

This is exciting, it is of course Halloween Week and wet weather out here in the South Landau.

We should do a weather report.

I haven't done a weather report in a while.

I believe highs of 63 today and lows of 52.

So I hope whenever you're listening to this and wherever you're listening to this, that helps you out.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

We have a great show today.

Coming up a little later we have a, I guess there is no other way to describe him, but a member of the paparazzi.

He'll be coming up a little bit later and we also have a small business owner.

I say anyone's job and I just tell you next time, I hope that's OK.

That'll be coming up a little later.

But we have a very special guest here on the podcast today.

He is a friend of the show and that is no understatement or it is an understatement.

I don't know.

But maybe it's just accurate.

He is a friend of the show.

He has made Comedy Bang Bang part of his publicity tour for the last four of his, I believe eight movies that he's directed and five if you count one that he's produced.

The only one he missed was Scott Pilgrim, which, you know, it didn't live up to expectations.

Is there a correlation?

I'm not one to say, but he has a new film coming up this Friday, Just in Time for All Hallows Eve.

It is called Last Night in Soho.

He is the director and co-writer of this film.

Please welcome back to the show.

Second time this year, Edgar Wright.

Thank you for having me.

Of course.

I never thought of that, that maybe like sort of what may have jinxed our box office.

Yeah.

I was failing to do Comedy Bang like that.

I noticed that and I was just like, there it is.

They mentioned it in all the trades.

Things could have been different if he'd made the time to do Comedy Bang.

Wait, did that come out?

2010.

We were around at that point.

I didn't think I'd done the show then actually.

No, you, you haven't.

First time I did it was Michael had.

Joe Cornish, yes.

For Attack the Block.

A year afterwards.

Which by the way, in this new film, one of the kids from Attack the Block, what is his name?

Michael Legello.

He's in this film and I was looking at last night's show going, does this kid only do films with dang Doctor Who's?

Look up the cast list and you'll figure it out.

What I'm talking about.

Edgar, so great to have you back.

This is your second movie in a calendar year as well as probably in a fiscal year.

Is that accurate to say?

Yes.

Because I believe Spark's brothers came out in.

That's me money question.

In May, right?

Which is after the April 15th.

In May, June.

Came out in June.

Okay.

So yeah, you're in the same fiscal year here.

How does that feel to have all of that money coming in in one fiscal year?

I mean, music documentaries make tons of money.

Don't they?

So I'm rolling in it right now.

Did you get, and this is a serious question.

Did you get paid in back in on that movie or did you like, like get a big chunk up front?

You're asking me questions I should know the answer to and I really do not.

Really?

So you don't pay attention to money anymore.

What film did that happen for you?

Was it?

I think it's more that I think more the thing of just like, I've been doing like press for like 10 months straight.

So there's a sort of point where kind of, you know.

Are you tired of talking about yourself?

No.

I mean, I'm happy.

You're not a guy who would ever tire of talking about yourself.

Is that right?

I would like to be, you know, I do sometimes dream of being a more mysterious director.

Like, you know, a Paul Thomas Anderson who doesn't do any.

Well, does he do comedy bang bang?

He has never done comedy.

Do you think there's a phantom thread?

He, he, his wife did wonderfully and she was incredible at it.

But speaking of being a mysterious director, that brings me to one of my next questions.

Okay. So I was looking up your Wikipedia page trying, just grasping at straws, trying to figure out what to talk to you about.

And, okay. So check this out.

This, this is the personal life section of Edgar's Wikipedia page.

All right. There are three things listed.

All right.

One is that the film that most influenced you was in American werewolf in London.

Yes. That's very personal.

Okay.

Number two is that you guessed programmed a bunch of screenings of something.

I mean, I don't write these things.

And then number three is that you, your friend is Garth Jennings.

Like, that's the most personal out of all of them.

But it's like, come on.

Like, we got with.

So what I want from you, sometimes you do interviews where you can tell that people have only read your IMDV trivia page.

Right.

I did an interview where, like the interviewer said, so you were born in Paul and you have a brother called Oscar.

I said, you're just reading my IMDV trivia in order.

Right.

And by the way, weren't you? What's your mother's name?

Leslie.

You were born outside of Leslie.

Not in Paul.

Paul.

P-O-L-E.

Oh, okay. I understand.

But I need, well, first of all, let's add that to your personal part, to your entry that your mother's name is.

Leslie, let's give the Wikipedia heads out there.

Let's give them some raw meat here.

Like, what can we say?

Do you ever worry that if you give out too much personal information, you know, those kind of security questions for the bank?

Let's start to worry.

What is your first pet's name?

I never had a pet, so I got to that one.

Oh, oh.

No, one of the things that I start to think, when I cool the bank and have to do their security questions, thinking, how am I ever talked about this in an interview?

Right.

Yeah.

Well, I had one of those where one of the questions, and you need to answer it, was what is your favorite restaurant?

And I'm on the phone with this person.

She's asking me this.

And I'm like, what do I choose?

Lascala?

Do you know?

And I go, I don't know that I have a favorite restaurant.

I'm in LA.

There's so many great ones.

She goes, everyone's just as McDonald's.

So if ever you're trying to crack someone's personal account, and one of the questions is, what is your favorite restaurant?

McDonald's is the key to that.

Have you ever been in a situation with like, you know, like a provider or a bank where you've had to give like a password that's really embarrassing and it's maybe in a stressful situation?

Right.

I remember sort of being in some, like a password that I'd made like 10 years ago, and they said, do you know the password for your account?

I said, yes, battle of the planets.

Well, our Wi-Fi password at the house is fart fart.

And so anytime anyone like serious asks me what it is, I'm always like, oh yeah, it's a FA, RTF, A-R-T.

Trying to make you know, throw them off.

So please, please fans out there, don't come to my house and steal my Wi-Fi.

I can't afford the data charges.

Do you want to get some, you want to add to the point?

Yeah, I feel like, I feel like there was, it's weird with Wikipedia because obviously you don't do it yourself.

I feel like there was more information on that at one point and they got taken off.

Well, they, yeah, they strip like stuff out of it because it gets to be too unwieldy at a certain point, you know, it's like reams and reams of information, but there's got to be something like, I don't know, like first kiss.

Okay, so this can go on.

First kiss was Sarah Newton.

I was 12.

And she was 11. That's controversial right away.

I mean, it's different.

These days wouldn't be that big of a deal, but interesting.

And it was in a cut through kind of out of school, which was actually called Love Is Lane.

Oh, like we call them alleys here or?

Yeah, like a, like, no, like, yeah, I guess it was an alley.

It was like a sort of path between the kind of the plane.

Short cut, a short cut.

Ah, I see cut through is what you call it.

Yeah, interesting.

Short cut, yeah.

So how did you find yourself in this cut through?

It was at the end of school.

I think it was the end of a school term.

So in that kind of like the...

See you next have a great summer.

On the next year.

Again, like the end of Greece, basically.

Oh, sorry, the start of Greece.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

Boy, if that were the end of Greece, that'd be a short movie.

Too many movie.

I gotta say, I always like that line at the start of Greece.

Is this the end, Danny?

No, Sandy.

It's just the beginning.

Credits.

It's amazing.

It's good.

It's really good.

It's...

Have you tried to replicate that in any kind of movie at this point?

I'm trying to think.

Was there a title sequence in Soho?

I can't remember.

It's the opening sequence has credits through it.

Right, you're credit is throughout.

Yeah, right.

There's...

But if you remember the line from Baby Driver, is this the end, Sandy?

No, it's just the beginning.

Well, that was in Baby Driver.

I don't recall.

So you've made this...

That's, by the way, that's great for the Wikipedia heads out there.

Every week, it seems like...

I have to apologize to Sarah Newton now, aren't I?

Is she...?

I don't think she has the same name anymore.

By the way, did you ever see her again?

I've made a name.

I did.

Well, this is another good story.

Oh, good.

She...

We did go out on the day.

And these are the days where you had to...

I remember arranging it by letters.

Not even the phone.

Like we arranged it kind of me.

By post.

I feel like we did.

We wrote letters to each other and we said we'd meet up.

And I seem to remember doing it by letters alone, which is like, this is 1987.

Yeah, I can see that.

We had kissed one time on the way home from school.

I heard that story.

Yeah.

How old was she?

She was 11.

You were 12.

Yeah, okay, good.

We got it.

I don't know if at a certain point she caught up to 12, while you were still there or you had the same birthday.

I'm not sure.

She was in the year below me.

We decided to go on a date and we were going to go to...

see a matinee of Mannequin.

Really?

Drew McCarkey.

Scott hasn't seen by the way.

I mean, you're not missing much.

Oh, well, you know, I think I'm still going to cover it on the show at some point.

But yeah, so...

With Starship's famous single, nothing's going to stop us now, of course.

So I think that the idea was that we would go and see a matinee of Mannequin on a Wednesday afternoon and we would just...

I don't know if you really use this word in the US.

We would just snog for the entire film.

Makeout City.

Yeah, of course.

Makeout City.

So, but then what happened is that I thought this would be quiet.

Nobody's going to be in Mannequin on Wednesday afternoon.

And it was quiet except for three other people, which were three boys from my year at school.

Oh.

And I was so...

In that time when you kind of like just...

In that sort of strange time in your life where being interested in girls made you somehow effeminate.

Right.

In a very strange way I picked that up.

Right, yeah.

Oh, look at girls.

Right.

What a gay.

Right.

Very odd.

Right.

So I...

But just seeing these other kids from my year made me so mortally embarrassed that I did not make a move on Saturday.

Noooooo!

And that killed the whole thing?

That killed the whole thing.

And then she sent me another letter saying I think we should build it up.

So basically...

This is a terrible story.

It's a terrible story.

Just because there were two jerks behind you.

No, do you think this will be going to the personal info on the Wikipedia?

This is all the transcribed word for words.

No, do you think it'll be a whole separate section?

Yeah.

Maybe a whole page.

By the way, that'll link to it describing your entire date.

The whole plot of Mannequin.

Everything on the soundtrack.

There's several points where I thought, I think I put my arm around it.

And this should be on Mannequin's page as well.

And it links back to your page.

I put my arm around it.

That is about as far as it went.

Wow.

I know.

I believe my first snog at a film was Gremlins.

Oh, nice.

Yeah.

What do you think about that?

And then...

Did you remember what scene?

I don't.

But I do remember...

It got so turned on about Phoebe Kate talking about her dad dying on the chimney.

Dang it, Christmas, yes.

But I do remember, like, you know that time where you would just pick a movie to go to as an excuse to make out during the entire movie.

I went to the ice storm once.

Oh, yeah.

It just made out the entire time.

And people were like angry at us and like...

Really, I think of two movies where I've seen them in the cinema and yet not seen.

One would be The Adventures of Baron Minchow.

Really?

And the other one was Star Trek V, the final frontier.

Oh, where he meets God.

Yeah, I think I saw some of it.

I did not see...

Okay.

That's a Star Trek film that I have paid money to see, but not really seeing.

And you've never gone back to it and it's stirred certain feelings in you.

I kind of thought Star Trek V is probably more exciting with the snogging.

Yes.

Well, this is all good stuff for your page.

I appreciate it.

This is what we try to do here on Comedy Bang Bang as we try to ask you.

I mean, I know you've been doing press for months at this point.

These are questions no one's asked you before, right?

No, nobody's asking me about that.

The one thing I would say is one of my security questions at my bank is, which film did you fail to kiss there and you can join?

Oh, okay.

Oh, we gotta change these.

Well, that's great.

Thank you, Edgar.

We can now continue talking about...

I can go, right?

Yes, you know that's it for you.

No, we can now talk about your film, which I know is what you're here to talk about.

Last night in Soho, coming out this Friday, of course, and I saw it the other day.

It's a fantastic film.

And of course, it's got the Edgar Wright Seal of Approval, meaning you directed it and why wouldn't it be great?

But tell us a little bit about the film.

It's out of character for you a little bit to do something like this.

At what point is Edgar sitting there in mighty old Britain and thinks to himself, blimey, I may do a psychological thriller next?

I mean, I've been thinking about it for a very long time, and I guess I'd been building up to doing it.

I sort of had the idea like a decade ago, and I had the story all worked out, and it was just a matter of, I don't know, like gearing up to do it.

There's definitely like darker than the other movies, and Soho in London itself is such a sort of compelling and sometimes disturbing place.

Is it like the fifth character?

Yes. Oh good.

Thank God.

So it's fifth on the call sheet.

Yes, it is.

Okay, good.

The real star of this movie is New York.

Is that what they say?

Yes, of course.

Yeah, it's six on the call sheet, unfortunately, because Soho got cast first.

There is a Soho in New York, of course.

Yes, of course.

Yeah, well, I went into the film expecting it to be that, and then I'm suddenly like, why are all these people talking funny?

And then I...

Actually, the original title of Mines Course Aisies after ours was one night in Soho.

Really?

Yeah. Now what happened?

Because I read that you had a conversation with Alice Nanders, who gave you the title and said this is such a great title.

Is that untrue?

Because that's on the Wikipedia page, and we could correct it right now.

It's sort of true, but it goes around the other way.

Is that Quentin Tarantino told me about that song, because I liked the song Hold Type by Dave D.

Dozy Beaky Mickettitch.

That's so...

Why did they call themselves that?

Let's point out Dave D is like the lead singer.

Yes, but...

No, it's not Dave D are two different people.

Yeah, but just call yourself Dave D.

Like any time I look at that whole thing, I go, I can never remember it.

I'm surprised you can say it.

Say it as well.

Dave D, you say it again?

No, you say it with that.

I can't even say it from memory.

Dave D Beckettitch, that's all I know.

Dave D Dozy Beaky Mickettitch.

Dave D Beasy.

Nope.

Dave D...

Dave D Dzy Bozy Bazzie Bozy.

One more time, here we go.

Dave?

No, I'll do it, and then you copy.

Dave D Dozy Beaky Mickettitch.

There you go.

Why call yourself that though?

Because you'll never forget it.

Anyway, you like that one.

I like that song that he used in Death Proof.

And then he said, have you ever heard last night in Soho by Dave D Dozy Beaky Mickettitch?

Titch.

Oh, okay.

Not Steve Titch.

But isn't it T-I-C-H?

It's T-I-C-H, but I say Titch.

You say Titch.

Titch, yeah.

But I can say Titch.

I think there's some kind of urban legend that they spelt it wrong on the cover.

Oh, okay.

That it should have been T-I-T-C-H.

Well, I noticed in my iTunes the other day that it was T-I-T-C-H on some albums it's listed as that.

So, anyway, we're just music nerding out at this point.

But yes, go ahead.

Titch is a guest later on the show, right?

Yes, of course.

We'll be talking to Titch very, very soon.

So he alerted you to this song.

You told me onto that song.

I'd still been thinking about the film for a long time.

And listening to a lot of British music of the time, of the mid-60s, to get me in the mood for writing it.

And it was one of the songs that I put on this enormous playlist.

And then it occurred to me, I think I had other titles for the movie.

One point it was going to be called The Night Has a Thousand Eyes, named after the Bobby V single.

But then I discovered there was already a film in the 40s called The Night Has a Thousand Eyes.

Really?

For fuck's sake.

Oh, yeah.

And then it was like staring me in the face last night in Soho.

That's the name of the movie.

But I had neglected to tell Quentin Tarantino this.

Oh, this is the thing.

When Quentin Tarantino played me the song, he said, this is the best end titles music for a film that doesn't exist.

So then when I called it last night in Soho, he was busy doing once for a time in Hollywood.

And the next time I talked to him, I said, hey, did you see the title for my new movie?

And he goes, yes, last night in Soho.

I read it in Variety.

I said, are you annoyed with me?

He goes, no.

He goes, I thought, if anybody can make a film with that title, it's Edgar.

And I said, well, I said, I'm going to thank you at the end.

He goes, well, if you thank me, you have to thank Alice and Anders, because she's the one who put me onto the song.

And she was the one who had the line about this is the best end credits music.

So then I thanked Alice Nanders as well.

And then I emailed her and said, out of the blue and said, hey, FYI, you're thanked at the end of the movie because Quentin Tarantino told me that you said this about the song. And I named the film after it.

And she was so thrilled that I got in touch.

And also that Quentin had kind of correctly credited her.

And she said, what's your address?

And I sent it to her.

And she sent me a seven inch single of last night in Soho.

Bye.

Dave D. Oh my god, Biki.

No, you skipped one.

Mugsie. Mugsie Bose.

Michael Jordan, Scotty Pippin.

The entire lineup of the Chicago Bulls.

Not to break out of the format, but other people in the room can either of you say it.

No.

No. Come on, guys.

Man, I'm so sorry.

Well, this is what I'm getting from this story is Quentin Tarantino reads variety.

Wow.

Even to the Prince edition.

Oh, OK, good.

Good to know.

So then tell us a little bit about the film. It's really.

I went in with zero knowledge.

Expectations.

You know what a film is, though?

I mean, barely, to be honest.

All I know is what reels are.

And I was like, OK, what is the I hear?

This is a seven realer.

But what tell give us give us the elevator pitch.

Tell us exactly what this film is about.

Thomas and Mackenzie plays a young fashion student called Eloise who moves from the rural area in England to.

Did you call her Eloise because of the song?

I did. Reverse engineering to get that song into it.

I also like that name.

And that's also on my security question.

What name do you like?

Eloise.

So she moves to the big city of London.

She's obsessed with the 60s.

She also has supernatural powers.

Like she can see visions of like or ghosts of the past.

And in her dreams in London, she comes to London.

London is a cold and unfriendly place and modern life is rubbish to Quo'pla.

And she basically in her dreams goes back to the 60s.

And in the 60s, she seems to be embodying the character of Anya Taylor Joy, who is sandy.

And so basically she starts to kind of live vicariously through this other character in the 60s, this aspiring singer.

And it all seems glamorous and alluring back in the 60s until it isn't.

Dot dot ellipsis.

And that's where the film really gets started.

Of course, the inciting incident is probably when she starts dreaming, the Save the Cap moment.

What would you say that would be?

The Save the Cap moment.

That's a good question.

Come back to the...

You don't break your own scripts up into that.

Okay, interesting.

I'm sure Quentire and Zeno does in between peaks of variety.

I'll give you the moment where...

I tell you what the moment is.

It's when Eloise is so hungry that she steals a bread roll from a market, and then she's about to eat it and she gives it to her monkey instead.

That's what it was.

Yes, that was a great scene.

There's also the scene where an old man steals some bread to feed his family, and then he gets locked up in a French prison and starts singing about it.

That's really good too.

Oh wait, no, I'm thinking of Les Miserables.

But yeah, so we don't want to give away any spoiler.

Well, let's give away one spoiler.

How's the movie end?

With credits, but with title cards.

Which, if you're a big fan of rolling credits, it does have title cards.

If that puts you off seeing the movie, I understand.

Why did you choose the title cards instead of the roll?

Well, this isn't the spoiler, but actually at the end of the movie, I kind of cut in shots from lockdown Soho.

Right.

Because I made this film, I had to kind of go on hiatus, making this film during, do you remember the pandemic?

Barely, I think we did an episode during it.

Yes, and we still in it.

Yeah, probably.

Yeah, I think so.

Will we ever come out of it?

Eh, now and ever.

Till the day we pass on, probably not, but yeah.

So Soho during lockdown was completely and utterly deserted.

So obviously it's a square mile in the middle of London.

It's the kind of the heart of the nightlife, and not very residential.

So it was utterly, utterly deserted and very spooky.

And I saw this on a late night walk, and I thought I have to get this on film.

So we went out and shot for a night around sort of deserted central London and cut them into the credits.

So that's where there's cards and not a roller.

You started yawning during your own.

It was actually getting during your own story.

Do you know what?

It was like, what do you think the audience is going to do?

I mean, the truth of it was, is I had a burp coming, and I thought like, I can either like, I can just keep tooling through the book.

I understand.

Well, you won't be yawning during this film.

It's a proctor.

That's the pull quote.

Yeah.

Give me on the DVD box cover, please.

But it's two hours of pulse pounding thrills.

And then there's also the Edgar touches of there's musical moments, a lot of music in the film.

It's great.

Anna Taylor Joy, you know, she, I always remember her name, because I think of the previous it girl was Jennifer Lawrence.

She was in the movie Joy, Anna Taylor Joy.

She's the new it girl.

What do you think about that?

Nemonic device to make me remember her actual name.

I don't know.

It's an interesting one.

Joy was about, she don't tell me, she designed the mop, like a, a miracle mop.

Something like that.

Yeah.

It was, it was about a home shopping network.

Yeah.

I mean, it's an, I mean, it should have been called mop.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Why not?

Yeah.

It's a three word title.

This is the title.

This is by the way, the best title that hasn't been used in a film yet.

Suddenly out of this conversation three years later, I read variety mop is coming out and you're stolen that.

And that Quentin Tintina and Allison out as a pissed.

Well, get out there to a theater, if you can, if it's safer you to go out there to theaters this Friday and wherever you happen to be.

And it's a thrilling time at the theater.

Who are you up against?

What other movie, we don't even want to talk about other movies that open this Friday, right?

Well, but what does open?

I don't know.

I want to like name check our competition.

Come on.

But what do you do?

I mean, you know, okay, no time to die and it's fourth week.

People see it already.

Yeah.

Do you see it, by the way?

What do you think?

I did.

Would you, would you do a bond film?

Out of anyone, you should do a bond film.

I mean, I wouldn't say no.

Like sort of it would be.

And I mean.

Would you say fuck no?

I mean, I am a fan and like it is something where, I mean, weirdly, there's quite a few bond references in last night in Soho.

Right.

Changing off the 007 logo is at the end of the movie.

Where?

Well, in the credits, because we use the Thunderbolt marquee.

Oh, right.

And we get the sign off from Eon.

Oh, okay.

Barbara Broccoli and so.

That's right.

That's a great part of the film where you see the Thunderbolt marquee.

No spoilers, but man.

Great part of the film.

But so if someone were to come to you and I guess the Broccoli's.

Yeah.

And you'd be first laughing at how funny their name is for a long time.

But then you'd calm down and you'd go, all right, all right.

I'll talk to you about bond.

And they go like, look, here's who's going to be bond.

And they're like, I don't know, one of your buddies, maybe he's going to do it.

Like Nick Frost is going to do it or something, you know?

And like, you're in.

You're just in like that.

Nick Frost is bond I would like to see.

I would like to see that.

Or so, but who should be bond?

Who should be bond?

Well, whenever the I always think it's a strange thing that people always talk about very established stars.

Right.

Whenever it's in contention, it's always like Idris Elba Tom Hardy, Michael Fassbeck.

Yeah, people who have been in a million, we don't need them at this point.

Well, also some of them are, you know, I mean, Idris Elba is only a couple of years younger than Daniel Craig.

Yeah.

And he and this new one is already like playing, I'm too old for this shit bond.

You know what I mean?

So it's like we need a 30 year old guy who's going to do it for the next 15 years.

Yeah, because most of the bonds have been, we're not, I mean, I guess the ones who were already famous when they were cast would have been.

Pierce.

Pierce and Roger Moore, both on TV.

Right.

Yeah.

Roger Moore was famous from the St. Louis.

But we don't need to cast movie actors as bond at this point.

No, that doesn't make any sense to me.

Although, I have a theory as well.

Okay.

Is that like, This will go in your Wikipedia under theories.

You have to alternate, well, you have to alternate bonds.

I think like sort of, if you have a serious bond and then next one has to be more lighthearted.

I was thinking that the other day of like people, people are, they're coming.

I love these bonds.

These are my favorite bond movies.

But that said, I think that if you were to come out with one that was a little more akin to Fast and the Furious, presents Hobbes and Shaw, you know, where it's a little more lighthearted and like, the stunts are huge and all that.

I think people would be into it.

When did this phase happen of films where they just decided to call them after people's names?

Yeah.

There was a year where all of a sudden there were three movies, John Wick, John Carter and Jack Ryan.

I think it was Jack Ryan, Colon, Shadow Recruit.

Yeah.

Like that.

But it's a weird thing where it's like, so wait, the film is called Hobbes and Shaw.

Yeah.

It's it.

I don't know those guys.

That's the other thing like, like Jack Ryan, I've never met that dude.

Why would I go see that movie?

You know what I mean?

Hobbes and Shaw are like, I mean, it's not the same as Tango and Cash, which just sort of has a bit of panache to the kind of the, the names, but like Hobbes and Shaw.

I find it very strange when it's like, just I wanted to be in that market research meeting where they said, the book is called Princess of Mars.

But we're going to call it John Carter and Mars is like, no, you know what?

It's a big sci-fi movie.

Let's drop the Mars.

Let's call it John Carter.

It has to be because a ghost of Mars came out a few years prior and they, and that didn't do well.

And so they're like, anything with Mars and the title doesn't do well.

I think that's the thing.

They say some things become a jinx.

But my theory was, my, my, my bond theory, like, you got to go dark chocolate, milk chocolate, John Connery dark chocolate, Roger Moore milk chocolate, Timmy Dalton, Dark chocolate, Pierce Bros and milk chocolate, Daniel Craig dark chocolate.

We have to have a sweet tasting bond.

Yes.

Who's going to say no to that?

To a nice, although I will say, not Hershey's though as a Brit, like your chocolate is terrible.

Oh, really?

Cabry is some fighting words.

I feel like Hershey's tastes really waxy, am I wrong?

I have never heard that England and the United States have some sort of chocolate off going.

Oh, yeah.

Really?

You don't know that?

No, there's even a controversy over Cabry's cream eggs that since I think they were bought by...

That they're getting smaller?

There's that.

That always happens.

That's kind of like, that's one of the reasons that Britain left the EU.

Because I'm not even kidding.

Really?

Not even kidding.

It's definitely one of those things that comes up in the papers.

Save our Cabry's cream eggs.

But no, there is a thing about sort of like, Cabry's chocolate versus Hershey's chocolate.

Interesting.

All right.

Well, we don't have time to get into it now, unfortunately.

I see you stifling your second yawn of the day, even as you say that.

But...

Just gas, Scott.

The broccoli's reach out to Edgar here.

I'm in for co-writing at least on this because, you know, I need to jumpstart my film career again after the pandemic slowed it all down.

But...

There's five contenders for Bond.

Okay.

And they are from a band, a British band from the 60s, and their names are...

Dave D.

How beaky.

I know it's one of them.

And you got...

Jervis down there, bringing up the rear, and then you got...

Mount Bartholle?

Follow?

I think it's one of...

I don't know, Edgar.

Who are they?

Dave D. Dozy, Beaky and Mick and Titch.

So which one is the next Bond?

Wow.

It's got to be Beaky.

Because he has that lighthearted...

the flair about him, you know?

Beaky?

Beaky is, do you think that's a slang for he's a co-cadict?

Do you say that in the States for beak?

I think it's short for beak-keeper.

But people say beak in terms of coak?

They don't, no.

That's my definition.

And I've never even...

Well, how would I know?

I've never been around the stuff, of course.

There's a lot of...

I think there's a lot of English-isms for that that I find particularly compelling.

Like the other one is...

I guess they're both to do with noses, beak.

The other one is trumpet.

Oh, okay.

Because the sound your nose makes when you blow your nose?

Well, just...

I guess so.

But it's just the thing of people sort of like kind of white boys saying, gonna go out on a Friday night, get some trumpet.

I don't like those guys.

Friday.

I don't know.

Just wait till Saturday.

They're my only friends.

This is going into personal life as well, okay.

Edgar's only friends are beaky, Dave D, Tish, Dozy, the other guy.

That's one of my bank security questions is like, Mr. Wright, what do you call cocaine?

Trump hit.

Trump hit definitely drove it.

All right, well, last night in Soho comes out this Friday.

I want everyone to go out there and check this out.

And a tale of joy.

She's fantastic.

I mean, everyone's great in it.

And I don't mean to say everything great about it is just the acting because you did a fine, fine job directing in my good fellow.

Thank you.

I heard that Scott Ockerman from Airwolf says, you won't be yawning.

Yeah, unlike Edgar.

You won't be yawning during this.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we have the aforementioned paparazzi.

And we also have the small business owner.

We'll have more with Edgar Wright.

More comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We are back here at your right last night in Soho comes out this Friday.

What did we forget to talk about in the film?

You got of course, oh, yeah, you have a dang, Diana Rigg is in this movie.

Dame Dina making that final screen.

I said dang, but use a dame.

But yes, of course, Dame Diana Rigg.

Yeah, I mean, that's incredible.

Her final screen role.

Now there was no like Ed Asner in the Muppets Haunted Mansion situation going on here, right?

I didn't know what that means.

Well, a lot of people are saying like it's a little weird that he's- The big capture to ghost on camera?

That no, that like he passed away right after it and the Wikipedia page of that movie says it was unrelated like very weirdly.

Like why would you put that?

Like did a ghost scare Ed Asner on the set of the film?

So there was nothing like that, right?

No.

I mean, she- Diana Rigg was like, like I had such fun working with her.

She was- She's amazing.

She- what did you think of her for this film immediately?

And why?

I mean, she's so known for that time period.

Did it just like click into place with you or you were just like, yes, she's- it's got to be here.

Yeah, I mean, yes.

And once- when like the idea came up and- and we all just said that would be amazing if she did it.

And also like she's so great.

She's got- she's, you know, kind of such a kind of like sort of amazing presence.

And also she's funny and just- I mean, it was just like a- I don't know what to kind of say about working with her because it's- now that she's gone, it's just like I can only be happy that I work with her at all.

Did you- was it a good relationship? Was it like- was she- had she seen your films before? Was she excited to be there? Was it all like- Yeah, no, it was great. I mean, you know, with people like that, you know, that in their 80s, like you definitely want to kind of work in the way that they want to work.

And so she- I think she may be sort of like new from my films that I did look.

So sometimes in a scene, she'd say, how many angles are you going to do on your scene?

And I'd say, how many angles do you want to do? And she says, three? I said, okay, let's do three.

Okay, so which one- which ones do you use at that point?

You got a close-up, you got a- the master and then a medium?

Or what do you do?

There was one scene where we did- we did the agreed angles.

And then my cinematographer, Chung Chung Hoon, whispered in my ear, I have an idea for a show. And I said, you can ask Diana.

And so we went- we actually drew the show and I said, Dame Diana, I called her DDR. I said, we have had an idea for a fourth shot.

And we're going to pitch it to you right now. When we draw it on a piece of paper to show it to her, she goes, okay. How many takes do you want to do? Three?

So she is a real three person.

I think, you know, she just, you know, I was happy to kind of like sort of do it the way that she wanted to do it. And she's just, I mean, she's just amazing. I had such an amazing time with her.

Well, it's, it's, I mean, to work with someone like that, you know, it's really, especially in a film that's about the time period that she was, you know, so prevalent in. It's just a real tree. You also had- Terence Stamp. Terence Stamp, of course, the limey himself.

And Rita Tushingham. I don't know if you- Right, Rita Tushingham, who, yeah.

From the Taste of Honey, who's just amazing. I mean, yeah.

Some great sixties actors in this. It's amazing. It's just kind of, you know, I think that's that thing where you have to kind of like you start having a bit of an out of body experience when you have to get over the part of you going, Oh my God, Terence Stamp is on set.

Right. Oh my God, Dame Dinerigatam.

At a certain point does Terence Stamp try to deflate that kind of thinking and put you at ease?

Or is he, is he Terence stamping it up the entire time?

That's a very difficult question to answer. I'm not sure. I'm not entirely sure. Like it was a, there's a moment in the film where he's in a pub and he flips up a coaster into his hand.

And just before we started shooting, he came into the set and he says, I haven't been in a pub in 40 years. And then he flipped up the coaster.

And then he said, I haven't done that in 40 years either.

And I said, okay, you have to do that in the scene. I'll tell you what line. You say, still got it.

He's literally the level says, still got it. I said, flip up the coaster after that. And every time you do it during a take, I'll give you 10 pounds. And I was treated to my word and I gave him 100 pounds.

So you did 10 takes of this scene? Well, over different, over the three.

Right, right, right. Over the agreed three.

So he had to go only agreed to three angles as well. So do you go into a movie going like, man, I'm working with actors who will only do three angles at a time and trying to figure it out that way? Or because how many do you usually like to do on baby driver? You got like John Ham over here who's like, hey, whatever you want to do, right? It's probably his thing. Or, or is he an is he an angle guy? And I'm just finding this out.

I just think if when you're working with older actors, you have to kind of like just, you know, work to ask them how they want to do it. Right. Right. I mean, like, so both Terrence and Diana in that, you know, and we're in their early 80s when they shut the film.

So, you know, you just want to be kind of respectful to them.

All right. Well, the respect certainly paid off because respectfully, they gave great performances in the film. Last night in Soho is out this Friday. We need to get to our next guest, if that's all right. Now, this is exciting. Are you ever captured by the paparazzi out there when you're getting off planes? Has TMZ ever come up to you and asked you questions or anything like that?

You know what they have, but I kind of think that I this would I whenever that it's only happened a couple of times, I always think you're never going to use this.

Yeah. Do that. I feel like it's like they they're probably there there anyway to capture like a Paris Hilton. Sure. Who never gets off the plane? I mean, they're not waiting there for me, are they? No, they're there. Whoever steps off this plane, I'm going to get them.

Right. You know, they're they're covering the LAX beat basically. Yes, I find those things deeply creepy. Yeah, they are. I mean, look, I was followed to my car by one at one point. I'm like, you cannot be interested in me, but it happened to be a fan who worked for TMZ.

What questions were they asking you? Ah, they're always asking you about something in the news.

Something in the news. So I think what do you think about the Alec Bodewood story?

No, it it it also, I think at the time it was maybe like who just got fired from SNL for this or such or whatever. And it's like, I don't want to answer this. Like, come on. So I always just have to opt out by going like, Oh, I haven't heard it, or I haven't heard about it or whatever, you know, which is alive, of course. But I'm a liar. What is TMZ Sanfield? 30 mile zone, my good man, which is what does that mean? Well, it's related to the zone where you can shoot, I believe.

Have you shot a movie here in Los Angeles? I have not.

Ah, well, there's a certain zone where it's okay to shoot, where you have to pay extra to the union crews if you go outside it and and perhaps it's like all about news within that zone, you know, Beverly Hills and such and the like. Do they still have the TMZ tourist bus going around?

They do. Oh, no, no, no, no. They do. I don't want to know anybody who gets on that bus.

Yeah, although I took a bus around England and it was fun.

It wasn't a TMZ bus. It was just a tour bus. The first time I ever came to Los Angeles in 1997, I went on the grave line tour, Oh, which was in a hearse where they took you around famous place. This is perfect for Halloween week. Tell us the story. I don't think it still exists, but it was outside the picture outside the Chinese theater and you're in a hearse. This is almost like the Hollywood fact theme song. We go ahead and they took you around famous murder sites or famous death sites.

So you go to the Chateau Marmont, they say, here's where John Belushi died or they take you to they didn't take you to the Manson house because it wasn't there, but they took you to Elle Coyote where Sharon had her last meal. And I think when I was 23, I thought it was really cool.

I'm not sure I think this ain't now. By the way, people please do a remix of the Hollywood facts theme song where they say Chinese theater. Andy Samberg says Chinese theater and then loop it with Edgar saying Chinese theater and then he continues on that story.

Wait, what did I say wrong? No, no, no, you said it perfectly right, but we have but there are a lot of remixes of Andy doing a rap about the Chinese theater. And so I want to do a remix now with like an extended remix where you tell that story. Do you say man's or do you say Grown-ins? Well, they changed it back to Grown-ins now, but I'm yeah, so I'm just a real I'm a real man's Chinese. I always say man's Chinese, you know, or we used to say the Chinese man back in the 90s, but is that Simpson's joke? I don't know. There's a man's Chinese theater and then it pans over to Chinese man's theater. Interesting. Yeah. Okay, well, the Simpsons did it. Of course. You can't do anything these days, but speaking of doing anything these days, this guy has been doing it for a long, long time. He has been covering, he's been out in these streets covering celebrity culture and celebrities themselves for a few decades here. And it's a it's a great honor to have him on the show. He has a podcast in his own self called celebrity sighting with Jonathan biting. Please welcome to the show Jonathan biting. Good morning. Hello. Good morning.

Hello. Good morning. Are you having me? Good morning. It's by the way, it is 630 p.m. I don't know if you were is it now? Yes, I don't know if you were aware of that. I just you're saying good morning. I never really know where I am or what time it is, but I always know it's a good morning. It truly is. I want you to say you're right, by the way, he's a morning at go. He's a film director. I know I'm a huge fan. I spent a lot of time in a bush outside of his home. Oh, okay. Oh, yeah. Sorry. Put that in your personal life. Yeah, I've seen everything you do in your home and your home. I know it's my home in your home. I say things weird. You'll notice that I say things wrong and sometimes you're ever thought to correct yourself or maybe I will right now.

Jonathan, what the fuck you doing idiot? I'm sorry. And then I apologize and then I move on.

It's nice that you apologize to yourself. Yeah, I treat myself right now ever since I got out of jail. Oh, I'm sorry you were in jail for what I was in jail.

I'm 100 years old today. Good day to me. Good morning. Thank you. It is a good morning.

Thank you. 100 years old today, 75 years outside of jail 25 in. Okay. The consecutive. I was 75 years old. I've been a celebrity site. I'm a little back story. That's the sound I make when I give news. So this is news.

This is news to you. Okay, great. And maybe you too. Are you everybody in the room in the listeners as well? My name is Jonathan biting. Don't call me John. I'll fucking kill you. Okay.

So I don't like it. Jonathan though, it's good. Jonathan biting, please call me by my full full. I'm sorry. So I have to say biting as well. I would like that. Yeah. And if you could say Jonathan DeWay Tony, Danza says Jonathan, I would love that Jonathan bike. Thank you.

Yeah. No, I've been I'm 100 years old. I lived in Hollywood.

My whole life. We were born on October 25, 1921. Correct. So we're setting down some spikes right now.

Right. That one down. That's going on your Wikipedia. Yes, it has to now. Yeah. I've been celebrity site in my whole life. I like taking pictures of celebs. I don't really bother them as much. I just like the rush of hiding in a bush. So you like the bush hiding part? I really do. It really is the best part. As you can see, by the way, I don't know, but I should tell the list is because I can't see me. I'm only three apples high. That very similar to someone else that I that I have had on this show.

It's almost like there's a comedian out there who thinks tiny things are fun.

You are your but bigger apples than the other guy. Roger apples. Yeah.

We're Randy Smith. Yeah. You go down. By the way, you have you have like brambles all over.

You've been have you been hiding in a bush this morning?

Yeah. I just get out of a bush. I was in a bush all day today. I was taking pictures of Hallie Berry's house. Oh, and rather see pictures of Hallie Berry's Bush. And that's disgusting. That's disgusting. I'm sorry. Am I canceled now?

I think I think you just canceled yourself. You have yourself. So you have yourself to play.

Well, everyone has himself to blame for it. But what did you get from Hallie?

Nothing. She was walking around. I said, fuck it. And I left. I came here to talk about what I do.

Instead. Great. Yeah. No, I was. Yeah, I've been celebrity site in my whole life when I was 75 years old. I met a little producer guy, Bigwig in Hollywood. And he said, I'm gonna give you a show. And I said, thank you. And I called it celebrity biting with Jonathan biting.

Celebrity biting for my name. Okay. Upon. Got it. Were you by chance? I fucked it up. No, I weren't. He was about celebrity sighting. But I called it that and on the first episode, I bit Kathy Bates. Oh, 25 years ago. Yeah. And I went immediately to jail for 25 years. I'm out now.

So this was 1996. Was she out there? She misery was already once again, I don't believe in math, but I'll take your word for it. Well, it was Kathy Bates up to 196. I'd agree to me.

It is if you nasty. I'm not positive if that's right. But I'd like to say in that phrase. Yeah, of course. So you've been you've been in the clink. You did a slam. You did a stretch. I did a stretch.

They call me Johnny on the outside now. Wait, when I was inside, they called me Johnny on the inside. And I would say my name is Jonathan. Oh, don't call me Johnny. So but but now the people are they still even talking about you now that you're outside or I like to think I left an impression. Maybe. I mean, I would think that the inmates pretty much forget about anyone.

Yeah, no, I said once a year, just talk about me just just so that my spirit doesn't disappear.

Yeah, I'm my birthday. So maybe they're talking about you today.

Situation Johnny on the outside with any celebrity sightings in prison. You're not going to believe this. I share the news. I hear it comes shoot it. I share to sell with none other than Orrithwell James Simpson. You don't say you shared a cell with him for a little bit. Yeah, for a little while there like really. Yeah, it was an afternoon. Very quick amount of time. Quick. And now did you leave the cell or did he leave the cell? Let's just say you're not locked up in jail with O.J. Simpson.

You're locked up in jail with Jonathan biting. Oh, I see.

You got to do in the Kathy Bates biting on him or I killed O.J. Simpson. What? He's been on the show, I think, because I murdered him.

Really? I'm admitting it. You might be Johnny on the inside.

Really? The one that's out here now fake. Fake? Really? It's a doppelganger. This is like a moon over paradigm situation. It's a bit of a bit of a what do they call fake oranges?

Orangeade? Yeah, they get orange. Orangeade Simpson. Yeah.

Okay, next time he's on the show, I'm going to bring this up. Please do.

But you're so you're back out now. What did you get out?

Recently. Okay, we don't want to lock it down necessarily for that. But so now you have a podcast celebrity sighting with Jonathan Biden. Yeah, I got it right this time. I called it celebrity sighting instead of biting. And yeah, we just talk about all the celebs we see flopping around out there. Yeah. I'll take a train to a place. I'll get out.

I'll look around. I see a celeb. I'll come back and I'll talk about it. Are you taking the exclusively trains to mostly trains?

It's the Bush of deal, Breika. Do you know that needs to be a bush outside? I love a bush. I love I love hiding in a bush. Is that the worst part of prison?

There's no bushes. I the one you you'd make do I made my own bush. I made like you know how they make they call them Fifee. So where they you know they call it. That's where they take a garbage bag and a towel and they stuff it in there and they call it a Fifee and you have sex with it. I did kind of a Fifee bush. But a very different kind than the other guys. Right. Right. Yeah.

Oh my god. Yeah. I'm a weirdo.

It's nice that you have the self-awareness. Yeah. No. I realized a lot of stuff in 25 years and it's a little clink. I don't see too good no more. It's amazing to me. They give you 25 years for biting for biting. Well, it's Cabus Cathy Bates. Oh, so if they're more famous, the more I would give us technically only six months and then they said wait, who was it? And it's a Cathy Bates and the judge big Cathy Bates. Oh, no. Yeah.

Well, that's the most rude sentence than a legal sentence. Right. Oh my gosh. Can I ask you a big question? You could ask me a little one and then a medium one and then a big one. I only have a big question. Start with the big.

Give me your favorite celebrities that you've seen around.

20 decade by decade. Tony Todd.

Number one on the top of the list. Really? Tony Todd. Tony Todd. Yeah. Who's Tony Todd again?

The Candy Man. The Candy Man. The Candy Man. Sammy Davis Jr.

saying about it. Terrifying.

That song when you really think about it is terrifying.

Make bees fly out of your mouth.

What happens if you say Tony Todd's name five times? I show up.

Tony Todd, Tony Todd, Tony Todd, Tony Todd, Tony Todd. Good morning, Helen.

Oh my gosh. Yeah. No, I'm a big Tony Todd. I've always wanted to see that guy in real life.

What's a guy Fieri? I wouldn't mind. Oh, wait, but you haven't you haven't seen him. No, never.

That's a big get on my list. You should hang out at like, you know, some diner or drive in.

Or a drive in. But flavor towns are better. I must be hanging out there daily. I think he's a mayor.

That's Tony Todd. Did he play the dad of the main deep space nine guy? Never mind.

In what episode? Never mind. Okay. So yeah, who else who else is big though? I mean, like, is your stuff published in the trades and the us magazines and the people magazines and the TMZ's of the no never. No, no, see, I tried for a long time to get my stuff out there, but never really happened. And then when I was in jail, I wasn't allowed to do much. Really? So now I'm out. I'm I'm I've realized my mistakes. I'm getting better and prouder on myself every day.

And here we are, you know, we're starting fresh at 100 and every it's never too late. That's what I'm here to tell you. That's what it is. Oh, because I'm going to die soon. What do you mean?

Well, I just know it. I mean, once you hit 100, it's like every day. It's less of like, gosh, I wonder when it's going to happen in war of like, probably so you spend all that energy trying to get to 100. So so Willard Scott or whoever will say your name and you get that jam, you get that jelly that's. So you're in Smuckerstown right now. Oh, I got a house full of smuckers right now. Yeah, the best part is it? Yeah, this morning I woke up, Josh and Joseph Smuck is best day of my goddamn life. Amazing. And so you spend so much energy trying to get there. And then once you get there, it's like they don't give you anything for 101. I'll tell you one thing.

It's weird. You make it to 100. And then the day after you go would have been nice to get some bread with this stuff. It's never enough. It's never enough.

It's a great point.

No matter who you talk to. So but but please don't pass on quite yet because, first of all, I don't want it to happen on this show. But oh no. Hey, hey, hey, sorry. You're back. Okay, good.

That was close because I want to talk to you about, you know, 25 years later, there's a whole new generation of people who are famous. I mean, like Edgar, I don't even know if you were out there making films out in these streets 25 years ago, where were, well, when did you direct your first film? Well, I did direct a film when I was 20 in 1995.

So what's that? Okay, did you see just I just squeaked in you squeaked in. But what I do remember that I was outside in a bush.

What I'm trying to say is, is like people who are famous now, you must have no conception, like it's all tic-takers and do you even know it to me to chalamades and you whatnots.

I know I you'd be surprised. You got to stick out. You got to stay on top. You got to stay on top of this stuff. You got to know you got to know your doja cats. Okay. Yeah. Yeah. You're struggling to come up with a second example. Michael B. Jordan's. Oh, okay. Very topical new people.

You're Jim Varneys. I mean, he had a whole career when you were, I mean, the Beverly Hillbillies movie. Well, he saved Christmas. He got out of jail. He did so many things around. Are you getting an earnest going like he gets out of jail and I'm still in? I watched that movie. Every goddamn thing I was in jail. I still never figured it out.

I never got out. Turns out you just have to be hilarious. Oh, okay. Well, and family friendly. But yeah, I mean, everything is so different now.

It used to be, I'm sure the process is different. You used to be able to like, you know, telephoto lenses. Yeah, you know, it's like also like, you see a man in a bush with a long camera in the 60s, you go, you see it now and it's whoop, whoop, yeah, immediately. It's a great point. Yeah. Oh boy. Yeah. What can change in 20 years? My book.

But yeah, yeah, people have realized that it's terrible to invite other people's space and privacy.

So it is, yes, it has become harder for me. But you have to understand it was never about that.

It was never about like, Oh, look, I got a picture of Keanu Reeves throwing up in a bucket.

And now I'm going to ruin his life. It wasn't about that.

It was more about like, you know, this morning I did not have a picture of Whoopi Goldberg at Sabaros.

Okay. Tonight, I do. Tonight you did tonight. Now I do.

That's like, that's a thing that's like, I guess I don't quite understand what you're trying to say because you wake up one morning and you're like, you know what I would love to own a picture of Joe Pesci just minding his own fucking business. Okay, I would love that. I mean, you did the Irishman. You come home, you come home, you drive home that night and you're like, you know what I have now? A picture of Joe Pesci minding his own fucking business. Okay, so the ideas just pop in your head and you then go out and try to find that thing? You know, I've 100 years I never really realized this yet.

It's about deciding a specific picture that I want to see and then go and get it.

What most paparazzi do is they go out there on the streets and they look around for celebrities who happen to be where they actually are. You go out there and try to find the picture that you've imagined in your head. Correct. And it is hard because you gotta wait for that moment to happen sometimes. Right, because you can't engineer this. Can you or like, maybe I'm more, maybe I should be a clairvoyant because I always get to pick. Really? So you think of Whoopi Goldberg at a sibarra? I said, I woke up this morning, I said, I can't wait, I don't have a picture of Whoopi Goldberg at a sibarra. And now I have one because I went to the sibarra and she was there. And I never thought about how weird that was. You might be sick. Fuck it. I'm not even going to think about that anymore. Did you, did you have an image in your head of biting Kathy Bates before you did it? Oh, yeah. Maybe that's just you fantasizing about something. I don't know. But I know I did. But that was more of a spur of the moment thing. That wasn't like I woke up and I was like, I need to bite that bait. So I got to the, I got to the studio. I got to the studio that day and I saw that noggin the top of that skull. And I just says the top. And I sink my teeth into that thing.

So what was it about the time? I mean, I don't know what happened. I think maybe it was just I was nervous that I finally my life's dream had come true. I got my own TV show. I knew I had fucked it up. Maybe there's a self sabotage thing and going on. And I don't know.

Yeah, that's one of my biggest fears is going to prison.

What about you, Edgar? Like, how do you think you'd fare? Oh, not good. Yeah. Do you think first day someone would single you out and be like, look at this fancy boy. I think so. Yeah, I disagree. Yeah.

Yeah. You're creative and you're nice and you'd figure it out away because you're a good person that it's if you go in there and you're just like a piece of shit, we know immediately. But if you came in there, you know, it'd probably be like, they'd be like, I think I could beat this guy up. But also, he seems like he's got a nice little eye in his brain. Yeah. Got a little creative thing going on here. You might end up directed a movie. You might for them. You might have to promise to all put them in a movie.

Yeah. That feels like part of my escape plan. Right. It's like sort of the I would say, whilst I'm in prison, I'm saying, you know what, whilst I'm here, let's do a remake of escape from Alcatraz. Yes. And I'm going to need a lot of bed sheets.

Yes. This is a movie M. A. Sh. Head.

Yes. Strangely, though, I'm a drabolic. The escape, uh, stranger, I only have a papier M. A.

Head for Clint Eastwood and not my own. That's where the plan falls down. I love how you say papier M. A. It's in the right? Well, no, it's got, I mean, we say paper M. A. Sh. Out here, but yeah, M. A. But because we're stupid, we try to dumb it down to the easiest thing to say, but papier M. A. Sh. So great. I love it. Oh, I love how you're classing up the show today.

This is this is how I would survive in prison. They'd be like, ah, I don't know the first time you said papier M. A. I think we would then then we would be you would a tray. Like, I really get shivmed immediately. Yeah. Yeah. We don't take that lightly over there. You can't, you can't seem weak in any way. And if you know, evidently, if you know French, that means being weak in jail. Wow. So you, um, what is your podcast about?

Because I can, I don't know. I can understand.

Yeah, I can understand your thing. You're out there taking pictures and you're playing a boy. Pretty much what it is, is a man freshly at a jail, talk into other people about a legal thing about illegal things. Well, yeah, because you know, it's a, it's mostly like, you know, we'll have guests on like fellow celebrity ciders or plastic surgeons to the stars with loose lips. Um, uh, you know, we once had an autograph hound. Oh, like an actual dog? No, he was a man.

Oh, that's just pointing. Yeah. I thought yeah, an actual autograph hound. Are you kidding me?

Oh, it'd be incredible. Like either one that gives autographs or receives them. If you're a dog out there and you listen into the show right now and you first of all, our farf, let's get that out of the way. My apologies. Yeah. Just to make them feel like an adult. Please call in. Yeah.

Let's talk to you. Let's talk to you. Would you, Edgar, would you do one of the air buddies movies in the air buddies franchise? Um, I do a Beethoven.

Okay. Oh, really? So like Beethoven's fifth or something like that. I mean, it's out there. Beethoven's fifth is like one of his most famous ones, right? They get as far as fit. They got thirds.

Definitely. That seems a such a stop. They stop. Chancy. Before Beethoven's fifth.

That's the biggest, that's the biggest atrocity in movie history. You got to do Beethoven's fifth, Edgar. Please.

Could skip over. People would forgive you if you did. Yes.

The fourth one. Well, it's time to five.

Maybe you just maybe you directed direct a video fourth, you know, and just put it out there on the sly, you know, like the return of Jafar or whatever.

Yeah, exactly. It's over. It's fucked the fourth. Yes. That's the time. I think it's pretty good. Yeah. This is Beethoven's fifth. This is Beethoven's fifth. You got to do Grods isn't around with us anymore. That's a shame, but, um, you know, maybe get Nick Frost in this and stuff.

Yeah. You know, he's busy playing Bond.

Oh, that's true. Okay. That's a good point. Yeah. Okay. Get Simon then. I have a good bond autograph story. You do. Oh, please tell us when I was making hot fuzz. Thanks for the meeting. Thank you. No, sorry. When I hear when I just knew.

Okay. Yeah. Thank you so much. I thought there was something wrong with my headphones, but no, it's actually when I was making hot fuzz.

We obviously had a lot of famous actors in that, but by far the biggest autograph target, Timothy Dalton, because if you're a former Bond, there's so many more autograph answers. There'd be a lot of Bond fans hiding in the bushes. For real. They'd have like copies of a living day, like living daylights on DVD and Bond. The novelization move. It would happen a lot. And I saw, there's always like Bond fans lurking to get Timothy's autograph.

And he was not really that happy about it. And then one day we were shooting in the final sequence in the sort of market square and my hometown, in fact. And these parents had asked their kids to go up and ask for Timothy's autograph. Oh, the kids thing. Yeah. But the thing in the way the kids, the kids have no idea who he is. But the parents have said, go up and ask Timothy Dalton for an autograph. But that's not what they did. They went up to him like an eight year old boy, the six year old girl, and went up to Timothy Dalton and said, Mr. Are you famous? That's what they asked.

And Timothy Dalton, under his breath, went, yeah, fuck. Wonderful. But there's more to it than that. Oh, the kids obviously went kind of away with their tailbone and their legs. And then about five minutes later, a female police officer came up to Timothy Dalton and said, Mr. Dalton, I understand you just told two children to fuck off.

He said, I don't think so. Is that a little in Britain? I know you don't have the first amendment there. It can't be rude. Really? Which is one of the things we fixed when we made this country. And he said, he said, yes, I don't think so. He goes, well, they definitely heard. He says, well, I may have said out of my breath, if so, I apologize.

Anyway, so all I could think about is that police officer went back to the station that night and said, Oh my God, you never guess what? I got to tell off James Bond. Do you think she had to write a report? Yes. Wow.

Incredible. Yeah. This is really. Fourth Bond turns air blue in market square. I don't know if he's the fourth bond. Wait, let's see. You've got Connery, then you got what's his name? George Lasonby.

George Lasonby of course. Lays it well, then you got David Niven, of course.

And it's not. There's also there's a TV. Billy Crystal as well. Yeah, Billy Crystal, of course.

In between Oscar hosting stints, he would do a bond. It's like he had a rule. Do a bond, do an Oscar, do a bond, do an Oscar. Dark chocolate, milk chocolate.

Speaking of which, you have chocolate all over your face during Edgar's story.

I have chocolate floating pounds of chocolate. I mean, I know it's your birthday. I got a survive. It's my birthday. It's got to go with this Smuckers jelly. I got to say, you're eating your eating habits. I don't know if you are going to last two hundred and one. I think it's how I got here. I think I'm just completely pickled inside. I'm mostly chocolate and jelly. Wow.

Well, we're completely tickled with your appearance here on Comedy Bang Bang. You're interesting fellow with an interesting stories, interesting job, and an interesting thing to plug.

Thanks. Yeah. I got all three. I'm glad you got everything you needed. A triple threat, of course. You didn't round the bases with a fourth thing, but I also murdered a boy.

Ojib Simpson and a boy. Yeah. Which boy? His son. The one that everybody thinks helped him.

I did it just in case. Allegedly. Allegedly. Allegedly. All right. Look, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to be talking to a small business owner. Do you want a small business? No. What about you? You must have a loan out. I have to ask my back about it.

We're going to come right back. We'll be talking. I'll be answering onto this curious question. Yeah, of course. Great. What was it? Knobbies?

Trumpet. Trumpet, baby. Trumpet. All right. We're going skiing. We're going to come right back.

We'll be right back. Comedy Bang Bang. We're back at Gerright last night in Soho this Friday.

Treat yourself. Go out there to a theater and see it on that biggest of screens, the one in a theater.

Right? Yes. Well, unless you have a home screen, right?

Homing at the same time is only in theater. I'm saying you could, I'm not saying at the same time, not same time. I'm saying a screen possibly could be bigger in someone's house, but it would have to be a really big screen, wouldn't it? I feel like so. Do you like this question?

You would have to like sow a couple movies theater screens together. That's what I'm saying.

Prove a point. Yeah. Yeah. And it would take a long time, but to prove a point, it would be worth it. Yeah. To just say like to thumb your nose at the local cinema and be like, Hey, that universe.

Now I got the biggest screen. Yeah. I'd like to do that someday. Do it. Would you help me?

Yeah. Well, you need a sewing ship. Yeah. And two screens, of course. Yeah.

Screen material. What is screen? What is screen data? Why don't we go for you?

No, you know, you know, you get what I'm saying. Because otherwise you have a really long wide screen screen. Pretty sure it's solid silver. Is it really? The silver screen. People should be out there like, you know, I know people are like stealing copper plumbing and stuff from houses.

People should be stealing these screens. The screens all the time.

God, next time I go to a movie, I'm just going to try to hide the cut. Take a slice of screen with you on the way home. All right. We have to get to our next guest. This is exciting.

A small business owner. We don't have entrepreneurs on the show anymore. I don't know if you you've been on this year. We didn't have an entrepreneur on earlier, I believe. I can't remember who was on with you. But we definitely are having small business.

Is it the night wolf? Oh, this night wolf.

It was the man building a man. It wasn't night wolf. Yes.

The man. Oh, no, it wasn't the night wolf.

He was. It was absolutely not the night wolf. And by the way, I know what a mech is now.

And he was very upset apparently that I now know what a mech is on a previous episode and got ahold of me because he was so confusing on your episode. But let's talk to him. He's a small business owner. Please welcome to the show for the first time. Ian Appaloosa. Hello, Scott.

Hi. It's so nice to meet you. And you as well, I feel like I'm in the presence of comedy greatness.

Oh, are you a comedy fan or? One billion percent. Okay.

Thank you. That's by the way, my side job.

But this this show is just an interview show. But oh, yes, I've worked in comedy. I love you for your comedy work. And I listened to this show for your interview skills. Thank you so much. So you cover awareness of music history song titles. Other than Dave D cozy beaky. Oh, you're close.

Yeah, cozy dozy. Dave D dozy. Yeah, beaky. Yeah. Someone in pitch. Oh, you're so close.

Mama say mama. Oh, that's true. That's a good point too.

He he.

Shamon. By the way, and a shaman to you, Scott. Many, uh, shamons all around. Many hamburgers to you. I should I should say, by the way. Oh, and many hamburgers to you. Thank you so much. It's great to see you.

Ian, you're a small business owner. By the way, this is Edgar. This is John, John, Johnny, John, John, John, John, in the presence of absolute greatness, a fantastic film director and of course, a wonderful and right. You're giving compliments like this other guest that I have on. Uh, the bill Walton occasionally comes on the show. One of the great. Yes.

Basketball announcers, but he likens them to other things.

Yes, I don't do that. I'm just complimenting people. It's a, a, a, because I'm honored. Uh, I want to be in the, I am a comedic mind. I'd like to think what is your small business?

What do you mean? You're.

Well, it's me. I am a impersonator. Uh, I can do impersonations of celebrities people in your life. Yeah. Now I remember one time you were on the show. You brought Nick and Simon and they did, uh, impersonations on the show. They did my, uh, can and show on Connery. Yeah. And then I bet that was absolutely delicious.

It truly was. And they switched impressions. Yeah. In the middle. Yeah. They suddenly switched. Wow. Incredibly. I mean, I wish I had seen that and heard it and been there. You can hear it. I was one of the only people to see it. Oh, and a lucky man you are in the room.

Yeah. And quite a segue into what I do.

I couldn't do what they do. I thought you already segueed into it. Uh, well, and, and we segueed away and now we're right back. It's like we're on the slope.

Scott of verbal slope of conversation.

That's a resegway. I think. Yeah. A resegway. Um, I cannot do vocal impersonations. Oh, my impersonations are facial. So I can impersonate how somebody looks at your parties. Uh, you could hire me to come to maybe your Christmas party around all your friends. And I can do it. Why do you think I'm having a Christmas party? Does it have to be Christmas? It seems. Yeah. Are these Christmas impressions? No, no. Well, visibly, I can make it a Christmas impression. I'll put you on a Santa hat.

Somebody has seen visual impersonations before. What? What did tell us? Tell us about these visual impressions. I want to resegue you back to this. Oh, fantastic. A re-resegue. Yes.

A Rihanna segue as we call it. Yes. The full Rihanna. I say it. Yes. But you know, if you hire me for a party, maybe you would say, let's go past the hiring process. Let's just, let's just assume, because I'm interested in what you do. Let's not talk about the hiring anymore. Okay. So, so just quickly we have emailed back. It doesn't have to be quick. I've invoiced you. Other than this part, skip past it. Well, well, we've made sure to agree to upon fee. I just want to know that there is a card and I am coming to the party. I get, I get you want to make sure that our listeners don't get the impression that you will just show up for free to do this. No. The court stipulates that that there is a price I've hired you. We've settled on a day. Okay. You've written it down in your calendar. We got with 25th. That's your being.

Christmas party on December the 25th. Christmas day Santa Claus.

True Jesus. Jesus is his birthday party. Yeah. Definitely.

The Jewish people.

Oh, that's a good point. Yes. I mean, Santa has like a more of a relaxing like man. I pulled that one off. Wow. Yeah. I can't believe I did two 12s back to back and now I'm gonna.

Two 12s. Two 12 hour shifts. I thought that was like the re-recode two 12s. No, just two 12s.

What would that be called? I don't know. So we've done the paper. It's more like 12 number two's, I think. Oh, I can't believe I did 12 number two's. I call that a Tuesday.

Wow. So what do you do? I will come and so I'd hate to say it again. We've established it, but I'm at said party and you could either hire me to do let's say in Austin Powers and I'd walk around the party looking like Austin Powers or maybe there's a friend you want me to impersonate at the party. Oh, so you do regular folks? I could do. Yes.

If you're a corporation, I could do the boss. People love that. Oh, and I'll just do their face. And you'll look and you'll say that is a killer facial impersonation. I can't think of any other facial like I can think of Robert De Niro is the only facial under pressure. I do want to feel De Niro. Well, everyone does that where they just kind of go like, okay, well, don't demean my works. Got everyone can do a De Niro, but is that how you got it got into it? Yes. Well, you know, I would do the pepperallies at my school talent shows. I would come out and do the faces of our teachers.

Because here's my point. You say you mentioned Austin Powers first. That's just a cause. Yes, baby. Is that you trying to do the vocal? I will never do the vocal. I am not good at voices.

But what I'm saying is that's that's just you slap on a costume. There isn't much to his face other than like if if people woke up to you and they're like, Hey, Austin Powers, how are you?

Do I make you horny? Oh, you just make he's just making a he's just making a face. Yeah, then for the listener, he's that was really good though.

Thank you. I feel like maybe a podcast was not the place to come promote this. I'm just gonna say you're not gonna get this. But this man just turned into Mike Myers playing us in powers though. That's the thing is like we saw the levels. It is very layered. My visual impersonation. It was truly astounding. And your body sort of contorted into like I saw the Ascot kind of pop out of your neck a little bit like you have neck folds. Do you have a lot of spare skin? Oh, very yes, much like Fat Bastard at the end of the Austin Powers second film. I do have a lot of spare skin.

Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Do you have to strikes back of the franchise? Right. Yes.

Would you say the umpire series? I did. That's not the name.

Can you do an impression of the back of Austin Powers dad when he was young? Oh, come on now.

This is of course my famous role in Austin Powers gold member. Yes. Would you like to see the the assumed back or the back of the stand in who was doing I was more than a stand in. I was cast as the actual role and then they pulled a fast one on me.

But go ahead. Oh my gosh. Cut in cut in old footage of Michael Fenton Michael Kane. Are you in the credits? I am in the credits, I believe.

What do you list it as young Michael Kane? I believe. I had to do by the way, I had to work up a whole impression for the audition. I had to like do it all. And then when I actually and then they had me meet Jay Roach and Mike Myers in order to like lock seal the deal. And they knew Mr.

Show and we talked for like half an hour about comedy. And then the very last thing they said, okay, well, let's get to it. Turn around. And I was like, what is happening in this? And they just wanted to look at my back because they had already decided of you three who felt like their time was the most wasted when they left God. That is a that is a tough one because it seemed like they were curious. So I suppose they had a nice time, but it's a long I'm imagining myself, Mike Myers at the peak of my career. And he by the way, he's rehearsing his leg flapping bit when I walk in there. The one where he's kicking one like yeah, yeah, he's like trying to perfect that bit and then forced to talk to me for a while. I'll do that bit for extra at your party.

Why is that? What you'd have to do. Hold on. Hold on. Hold on. Why is it? Well, it's a very difficult thing to do. So what? You're there to do Austin Powers. Okay. That's one of the things he does. Well, that's my fucking rule, Scott. I charge extra if you don't want. That's why I try to explain on the air what I do. So everybody knows what they're getting into. Here's my problem.

You came on this show and you do a visual thing that doesn't work on podcasts. And so all you have to talk about is the process of hiring you. Well, I have done a wonderful impression that my good friend John over here. John, you dumb fuck. I will break you in half and eat everything inside. He is saying this with his teeth around my head.

You're right there up on the top of the scalp. I'll bite down. Please. Just comment at this point.

Otherwise, you're going back in for another stretch. Okay, I'm okay now. Okay. Thank you, John, it's been you don't want to mess with me.

My father is a judge. Do you do you teach his at your school? Yes. Do people's bosses?

Austin Powers? Yes. And is that it? Yeah. No, I could do I have a wide range of celebrity, facial and facial and facial and facial. Can you do can you do Edgar over here? I do not do.

So no, you don't want to do someone in front of them? No, I will do someone. I'll do someone any way they want, baby. It sounded like you were doing it.

Austin Powers impression better.

I will not do. Like the guy who played Punjab when he was in the Pepsi commercial.

Right. The right one, baby. The guy from Roger Moore's first bonfire. Yeah. You should do an impression to him because that you could do sound like you're okay. Here we go. You got to go.

Oh, no. That's right. You don't do the voice. I understand it's a little frustrating, but once people have understood the concept, they really enjoy it.

Now, what I find you is once you understand the concept, that's it. Like, that's been my experience. No, because there is a vast world of impersonations that I can do. But I don't want to watch them. Okay. I want to hear them. We're at a party, right? Oh, sounds fantastic. Your Nicholas Cage.

Oh, was he hired for this? I hired you.

That's the most conversation we've had is about the hiring.

I now go, well, you look a lot like Nicholas Cage. Can I get a picture with you? He's doing a face. He's doing a face so hard his headphones. I could not hear a face. You catapulted across the back of the room. That face was made.

That was incredible. So violently. We're going to need a patch in the wall.

What's like, I might be a psychic. You might be an actual shape shift.

Here's what I'm wondering. Were you ever in like a rocket that was traveling through space and suddenly like you hear a tak-tak-tak and cosmic rays go through the hole? Have you ever come in contact with a symbiote? Like a venom type? Yeah, all of the above. Yes. Okay. That's of course, my verbal impressions are happening in my head with that gentleman who is a, you know, we call him carnage or venom. Oh, wait. Oh my God. Let there be carnage. You've let there be carnage.

Most terrifying person in horror. Woody Harrelson.

Who I do a fantastic impersonation.

We don't have time to put these back on your head. Well, all right. Headphones on and I'm putting a little, I'm taking my croquies off of my sunglasses, my old pleas and putting them on my headphones for everyone. Okay. Thank you. Thank you.

Now this is Woody Harrelson dodging questions about his father being in prison. Okay. Oh, I mean, that's. Well, and my headphones fell right on my testicles. Excuse me. Oh, excuse me. Excuse me. I was wondering if that had happened to Woody Harrelson. It was such a good impression that no, that was not an authentic, apple looser mistake right there. I don't want to split hairs, but that seemed more like Woody Harrelson in a decent proposal to me. Yeah, turning down the proposal. Yes. Okay. So, Woody Harrelson is in the promise of the premise section of the script, but it's before the journey to the cave of knowledge. It's the fullest scene when he steals a bread roll and he's back to it. Then he gives it to his monkey instead. Well, my dark night of the soul is that Edgar Wright, filmmaker himself, just saw right through my impersonation. That was a repurposed impersonation. I was doing Woody Harrelson in the first act. No, this is the biggest betrayal in comedy bang bang history.

He's dropped to his knees hands. Oh, no, Scott, please get up. I am so sorry. I know this is God from an aerial shot. Don't don't bite the top of my head. Forks knife and napkin right inside the nether. Oh, God, I can't believe it. I'm sorry, but you know, it's hard out there. There's only so many Woody Harrelson situations you can do, you know, Woody Harrelson signing on to doing the next version of zombie land is a famous one. I do getting a boner in the middle of the true detective scene.

And try and try and do a sure everyone that it's not a problem taking 10 minutes and coming back to it. So you have seen my work. I will do Woody Harrelson assuring everyone. It's okay at your Christmas party on December 2nd through 31st whenever you're free. So you're free. You're your schedule totally. Well, disappearance. I mean, even though I often do you get booked. Well, a lot of my bookings are voluntary. I don't know what that means. I will arrive as the impersonation and people will hopefully like it so much that they'll actually seal the deal and I'll say wonderful.

In touch with me through email. And what we'll do here is I'll invoice you.

And sometimes you tell me you sometimes show up to people's parties dressed as their friends and then hope that they'll pay you. Absolutely. I'm sure we've been in the same bush at some point.

That is probably true. I will. What I'll do is I'll get on a Wi-Fi fart fart or if they are.

T. F. I'm just realizing I've been outside your house for many years. I'm just realizing that's fart fart. I always thought it was F. A. R. T. Oh, wait. No, you actually got the a gun on the Wi-Fi. Oh, I use it all the time. Sometimes I go to your house. Why did I say this on the show? Yeah, we'll hop on Bear share together and we'll just we'll just download whatever the hell is on there. Wait, is that why suddenly I have limewire charges? Yes, they charge people.

Well, they will send you a cease and desist for legal downloads and I believe it was we did all of season two of the black list together. I think I think Kirk hammered from from it until I know. Wait, no, you're talking about Lars.

Lars showed up the other day. Yes.

Well, we we downloaded this, I think, is rude. We downloaded the Phoebe Bridger's version of nothing else matters. Oh, he still came by. He is that on top of things. And she's a friend of the show. She was on a month ago. Unbelievable. Incredible. I ordered a sound effects album of just metal claking. Oh, he he showed up. It was the drum tracks from that one album.

That sounds like metallic. I illegally downloaded a PDF of Johnny Get Your Gun and he came for me because one was interesting. Yeah, I mean, you took a chance. And that's the sound of the crowd going wild for a grand slam reference. But you know, I would like to pull out some impersonations here. Okay. If you do not mind, you've seen a few. So you do a facially passionate and we have to guess who this celebrity is. Absolutely. Okay. And just out of curiosity, De Niro is off limits.

Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Here we go. All right. I feel like that was going to be your first one. Yeah.

No, I've got more. Okay. Here we go. Yeah. Let's see this.

Yeah. He's pulling his hair back. This is Jack. This is definitely Jack Nicholson.

So I must be pretty good. I mean, I think we have to nail that exactly. Oh, yeah. The situation. Yes.

I want to say that it's a he's probably getting into it a little more. Oh, yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Oh, I know this is turning down Shirley McLean for a date in terms of endearment.

I was going to say him expressing that you are unable to handle truth. Oh, that could be a two.

Edgar, do you have a guess? I think it's him saying no Batman don't hit me in the bell tower.

Oh, absolutely flattered that Edgar write himself.

He knows. I was a cinematic. I mean, of course, I can do terms of endearment.

Is that English slang for something? Don't hit me in the bell tower.

Yes. What is that? Is that cockney?

I'm a pudge in the crows base. I go up to the attic and take out some of our spare furniture.

Dingham and I was already losing it. Dingham and me. Uncle Ben. No, not a big Ben.

Uncle Ben. Uncle Ben's a totally different thing, which by the way, you don't want to talk about it.

He's got yes. Is Big Ben still big? Yeah. Big Ben is still there.

And his uncle Ben still existed. Did he go? He's just been, I believe.

Is he always our friend Ben? He's our friend Ben.

Our good friend and equal Ben. No longer family. Nope. But he's our equal and he doesn't have to hang out with us. He's not forced to, but by familial relationships, certainly. He's just Ben.

He's just Ben. He's a guy named Ben. You're not going to believe this. I once took a picture of the man who posed for the picture for Uncle Ben. Wow. All those many years ago. I took that picture.

They used it. That was a paparazzi picture? Yeah. What was he famous for?

It was one of those old paparazzi paintings back in the day.

Oh. Yeah. He posed for it.

I was in his bush outside of his house and I, and I painted his face.

So this man was not a celebrity yet. He was just a guy you painted or had you already signed?

A celebrity for many, many times before the Uncle Ben pose.

Oh, are you kidding me? Lots of movies about rice. Oh, really? Are you kidding me? Incredibly rude.

I think I'm not familiar with those.

They seem very niche. It was a long time ago. Yeah. I mean, we've forgotten everything that happened 100 years ago at this point. Anything that happened before the Simpsons, everyone has forgotten. Yeah. Exactly. It's just pre-Simpsons and after Simpsons. Exactly. Pre-family guys, well.

Yes. I can do a wonderful Seth MacFarlane crooning at his holiday party, which I would love to come to. Can you do everyone that works for him rolling their eyes and wishing, checking their watches and wishing they could leave? Just invite me to the party and I'm sure I'll be doing that.

Okay. I mean, we have to stay. He hired an orchestra. It's a 36 piece orchestra.

Timpiness. Timpiness. Welcome. Program. All right. Look, guys, we're running out of time. I can't see any more of your impressions. And it's not translating to the listener as well. This, this, this appearance has been a dud. Well, this fucking sucks.

You fucking suck. Oh, you fucking suck.

You fucking suck. You know, they all told me you want work, go on Scott Arkham and show him, invite you to his holiday party. You'll meet all of his friends who also throw parties.

That's all you're doing this for? I would love and invite to your holiday party, or at least an RSVP to mind. But no, you can talk about you can get you into Seth MacFarlane's any one of his parties. Just let me know how to get it. I want to go to Scott's party and watch him DJ. It is a twin crew in Scott DJ is a treat. Although one Christmas party I had, Edgar, I believe you gave us an iTunes playlist that we played during it. Did you? Yeah, or a Spotify playlist? Was it like Coffee House jams or was it your own playlist? Did you just steal it from Starbucks?

Yes, it was. Oh, some Norah Jones do it. Is that how you pick the movie in your films? You just go into a Starbucks and whatever it's playing? I just, she's in it. Shit. Wow. A huge, huge, huge music.

Listen to the music and write the movie as the music comes out. Right? Yeah, I mean, basically, every movie that I do at some point, I go to the Starbucks on Hollywood and Highland, and I just, Shazam, the 12 hours in Hey Presta. Wow. What are you gonna say about Shazam?

Is it worth it? I don't fucking remember. What is it? You do a good Zach Levi. Post.

I could do Zach Levi wondering if they're going to be bringing back Chuck or if he should continue his film career. Chuck 3.0? This is a chance? All right. We got it. My man Jonathan bite over here. Very excited about him. You cut. Apparently you caught up to 2.0 in the clink. The only thing I had was that Chuck 2.0 DVD. All right. Well, look, we're running at a time.

Unfortunately, we can have no more impressions. We only have time for one final feature on the show. And that is, of course, a little something called plugs. Open up that plug bag. Let's see what's underneath. Open up the plug bag. You gotta use those two.

Scott, I come in. Won't you come on to my podcast?

Oh no. Edgar's writing a movie.

He's using this song to write his new movie. I'm just having it right now.

The Macaw podcast universe. The Macaw podcast universe.

Open up that plug bag.

Oh wow. That was open up that plug bag by Micah Macaw.

Thank you so much to Micah Macaw.

And I guess Quentin Tarantino is going to be reading variety in about three years and see the movie called open up that plug bag is going to be out. All right. What are we plugging? Edgar, obviously, before that, you have a movie coming up this Friday.

Last night in Soho, in theaters, see it large and loud on the silver screen or two silver screens that you've stolen. Or four. It should probably be four that you stitched together. Last night Soho, yes. In theaters, please go and see it. Also, like, look forward to my next movie will either be the next Bond 26 or Beethoven's fifth. Beethoven's fifth.

Fuck the fourth.

And I hope that I'll be in that one. It was interesting because like I was in your previous heavens in the next bond. I was in your previous film and then suddenly like I got skipped over for Soho and I was kind of like, oh, this is weird. I thought I was part of his cavalcade of players here, but but I'm sure I'll be in the next one, right? Is that I use Michael Caine's back in last night's ever? I feel like I just want to say I feel like if we physically spent the next 20 hours writing the script for Beethoven's fifth, it would be it would get made. I mean, this is like the Rocky versus Ramblin are hard are air buds in it.

Yes. Oh, yeah. It's a space jam legacy type thing. We get all kinds of things. All the IP of all the famous Don't have to hire anybody as long as the characters are non speaking, I can play all of them. Okay, yeah. Can you play Clifford?

The big red dog himself. I do an amazing Clifford impersonation.

Okay, I don't want to see it.

He just grew 40 feet in turn red. He is a shapeshifter and you're a clairvoyant. I don't know what you are. He hasn't done it yet, but he's about to. Oh, no, he just did it. Yes, I made. I made as Clifford the big red dog. Excuse me. I'll clean that up when I'm back to my normal four.

Jonathan biting. What do you want to plug? Your podcast is out. Yeah, podcast out there. It's called celebrity sighting with Jonathan biting. How do you get out on Stitcher premium? Stitcher premium. Yeah. And how many episodes are out? How many are coming? Well, depending on when this show comes out.

There's about one. About one. There's about one, maybe do. Maybe do. Swell you listen. Maybe do.

Swell you definitely do. Swell you listen.

And then by the way, it's celebrity. Celebrity is the promo code. It is very good. And is there anything on TV, perhaps on the national broad television shows? Yes, just television shows in general. All right. And Ian Appaloosa, what do you want to plug? Fantastic question, Scott.

Thank you so much. By the way, I've been very mean to you and I'm regretting it now knowing you're such a fan. Yes. I hope this hasn't tarnished your fandom of the show, even though I don't like you. Not at all. Thank you very much. I once a fan, always a fan, always meet your heroes, I say.

I'd just like to say as well, in the same way that you manifest celebrity sightings, when I woke up this morning, I thought, you know what I really want to say today? Somebody doing a facial impression of Seth MacFarlane singing swing standards at his holiday party. And you know what my day was made? Wow. The power into now. That's I am my heart just grew three sizes, gearing that. And I would, of course, like, of course, of course you would like to plug this like to plug if you if you want to see a movie in theaters this weekend, sure, go to see last night's and so hope. But we all know the future of film is streaming at home, possibly alone, in which case I would watch paranormal activity. Next of kin next to oh yeah, you almost forgot the yes. I almost said the whatever the secret code name of the movie was when it was being shot.

What was that black snow? Black snow was what oh interesting ours ours by the way for the between two Ferns movie was pineapple based on what the most common improv suggestion. No, because oh, is that a common improv suggestion? Yes, is it would you say you wouldn't know?

Would you be that a dildo factory? Yeah, that's what we all once called it. Great. Will Hines tells a story if you've ever taken a workshop with him of a a form called stay with you know a lot about improv and gorgeous yand his chin is on the ground and his head is on the ceiling. He's a shapeshifter as well. It's always best to start talking about improv at the end of the time. I'm gonna turn it off. I got the plug in. So that's okay. Sorry to interrupt your pleasure. It's fine. Yeah, continue with your story that you don't even seem to remember.

The great form where you see the same time zone happening at three different times.

God, I feel like that's happening to me right now as you tell this story.

And the more you stumble my guy. I cannot listen to this anymore. I'm gonna have Will on the show.

I'll just ask him. Do say dildo factory on the show and I'd also like to plug Big Grande website.com where you can get all comedy from the group Big Grande including their new comedy special that's gonna be on there soon. Oh good. Okay. And paranormal activity next of kin. There's an actor in that.

Yes. There's a handful of actors. Sure. One in particular who barely fits in the frame.

Would I heard that basically like it goes all the way up to his chin most of the time.

Yes. You can see Dan Lippert tit tit feet in that movie.

That's one movie where you should stitch two screens on top of each other just to fit Dan Lippert in.

You're only in the iMacs version, right? Yes. You can see me at Universal City Walk. So get yourself a delicious dinner at the subway up the escalator. Do they have to do a different aspect ratio for you or for him? I'm sorry.

Well for me as well. Do they have to do it in like two one or something like that?

I'm not familiar with that. He just, we're here and our director. So we, you know, talking about it. They just flip the whole movie theater on its side. Oh okay.

Yeah they do it in one of those tilting carnival games. Oh understandable.

Screen up there. All right. Look what I want out of inception.

I want to plug. Look go if you are not over at CBBworld.com yet go sign up because just this last Wednesday we put out one of the funniest things I think that I've listened to in a while.

My stepfather Bob Duka he put out a full episode of a show called Full Throttle with Bob Duka where it's a lot about trying to schedule the show and then the actual show itself. It sounds a lot like talking to you. Oh what a high compliment. I am such a Bob Duka fan. One of the great podcasts. He truly is. We also have Scott hasn't seen we covered the movie Dune, David Lynch's Dune last Friday and this Friday we're covering the movie Ghost. So I hadn't seen that and I have for this show and we also have you know we have a bananas for bananas coming out this week and maybe something else. So keep your eyes peeled go head over to CBBworld.com and you can access all of that if you sign up now for a year you get two months free. All right let's close up the old plug bag. Yes. Yes okay here we go. The host grabbing for his phone looks at the lyrics to the song 9 to 5 by Dolly Pardon. Tumbling out of bed, stumbling to the kitchen, pour myself a cup of ambition. Long stretch try to come to life. Jump in the shower and the blood starts pumping. Out on the street the traffic starts jumping with folks like me on the job from 9 to 5. Let's get a little bit of course. Okay. You're going 9 to 5. Wait wait wait you need to clean. Okay here we go. Looking 9 to 5 was a way to make a living barely getting by.

It's all taking and no giving. They just use your mind and they never give you credit.

It's enough to drive you crazy. If you let it. Oh my god. 9 to 5. Just when you think you figured out what exactly this show is. Something like that happens and then it tracks you wide. Wow.

That was amazing. Someone put it together in just a week.

That was 9 to 5 atonboro with last week's 9 to 5 drop by actually Simpson. Wow great job. Keep remixing those. He also did Vogue last week so I'm sure those remixes are flooding in.

Guys I want to thank you so much.

First of all Edgar great to have you here. Thank you so much for coming in in your busy press schedule and for actually saying no I actually do want to do this. Listen I'm not I don't want to I want to escape that jinx. Yeah well that's true. I'll be back by until I die now. Yes I mean this this film is going to go through the roof in terms of is that good for a film to go through the roof? I mean that's going to happen to your film. Yeah it is man. Yeah it is man. Yeah.

And in general normal activity fuck the fifth. Yes that's right. Fuck the fourth.

Fuck the fourth. God damn it. Well this yeah this is the fifth paranormal. I believe the seventh.

Seventh. I believe yes. Fuck the seventh. Fuck the seventh.

I never mind the bollocks.

Yes of course. Thank you so much Ian for doing whatever it is you did.

One more time. What I do is. What you do is you schedule things.

Why didn't you say like hey I'm a scheduler. I called you a small business.

I'm fucking sick of it Scott. You're like a guy who has a fucking sick of this Scott.

I feel like a lot of this was to get it to George George. I'm not George Clooney's party.

Seth McFarland's party. Yeah although George Clooney you wouldn't turn your nose up at George Clooney's party. You're kidding. Look at him in that Casa Mico's ad. Right in a little motorcycle with his friend somewhere in South America. He's really friends with Danny DeVito.

Absolutely. Do you think they're good buddies? Can I answer you with them in question?

I think not only do they hang out often they drink Nespresso together constantly.

And I think it looked a little something like this. Oh God Jonathan biting. Thank you so much.

Great to see you. Thank you for having me. Thank you for saying my name.

Greg. Please don't pass on because I'd love to have you.

Anytime I would love to see I'm a huge fan.

Congratulations. Oh I didn't know you were a fan as well.

Oh yeah I've been outside your house.

Oh that's true. All right I'll see you there tonight. You know what the Wi-Fi is right?

Yeah say hi to Cool App. Oh no. Do you stay the hell away from her?

I'm gonna marry this guy. Oh no.

Tonight is that part of your camp? I'm bringing a priest.

Oh Jesus. I'll do the wedding as Elvis.

Okay well he's doing Elvis right now and it looks exactly like fat Elvis and then slimming down into skinny Elvis. Elvis through time. Oh my god.

Wow and then he morphed into a Doberman and then into Snoop Dogg. Oh my god.

That's incredible. All right we'll see you next time. Bye.

Bye.
