---
layout: page
title: 730. Ben Schwartz [617a09661eb66a0012452183].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪♪ ♪♪♪ Hey everyone, I'm Aaron Meer in the bathroom, Graham, I wish Dave D. Dozy, Biki, Mick and Tish, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Don't get any of that.

Call back to Monday's episode.

Hey, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang and you know what this means when we sing bang bang into your mouth.

Bang bang into your mouth.

You know you want to bang bang Bang bang.

Bow bow bow.

♪♪♪ Oh no, Ferris Bueller's running across my backyard.

There he is.

Whoa, he just jumped it.

Oh man, he just punched somebody in the face and ran to the next place.

Oh my God.

Ferris Brawler, that's my movie called Ferris Brawler.

Not bad.

Shoppershacker John Wick.

Yeah, yeah.

Ferris Brawler.

Oh, it's Ferris Bueller.

He just punches everyone along the way.

He went on that float and just punched every single person in Chicago.

He punches Jennifer Gray right in the nose and that's why she gets the nose job.

So mean.

She's a huge fan of the show and you just lost her.

What?

No, no, Jennifer, I love you.

No, it's too late.

You lost her.

I love you.

Her father, Joel Gray, was it even bigger for him?

I love you even more.

Cabaret?

Life is a cabaret.

Excuse me, waiter?

What type of wines do you have today?

Life is a cabaret.

I know the life is, doesn't really work, but it's a cabaret.

Yeah, that's what I was going for.

Yeah.

I'm happy you knew.

By the way, I think we've been doing this now though.

Wine is a cab, Peronet.

Is that better?

Yeah, anything.

That works great.

Great drinking, by the way.

It's emergency because it gives me a little vitamin C, but also it gives you a supposedly little boost.

A little boost kid.

A little...

I got four hours of sleepless.

Why are you tapping the nose?

Me?

Yeah.

When you say a little boost.

A little boost.

A little...

A little hubba.

A little rick-ra-ra-ra.

A little...

Whoa, what was that?

A little train going by?

Do you know what that was named after, by the way?

There's a guy named Doppler.

I think it was Jeffrey Doppler.

Yeah.

Jeffrey Doppler.

He used a lot of keyboard murder people.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Every time he murdered someone to go, I killed you, killed you, killed you, killed you.

You know this voice.

You know what it means when he is on.

That's right.

Ben Schwartz is here, the dynamite, Mr. S.

No, it's called the elegant Mr. S.

I'm sorry.

Ben Schwab.

We are here.

We're outside and it's gorgeous.

So if there's any, like, if we hear a plane, I think we should pretend that's part of the scene of whatever we're doing.

Whatever we're doing, of course.

We're here like a trolley or a train.

I don't know what's in there.

There it is.

Oh, I gotta get that trolley, Bob.

Oh my God, that's the trolley.

Hey, me, Jeffrey Doppler.

We haven't done one of these in years.

I think the last one I might have been Sanicolo.

It's like it could be two years ago.

It could be two years ago.

Wow.

And we haven't even seen each other in person for those two years.

Yeah, we refuse to see each other.

Even though we've done other podcasts since then, we do not look at each other.

We never look at each other.

But now it is all eye contact all the time.

And I love it.

Scott, I can't do it.

He gets uncomfortable.

I don't.

I'm looking away.

I have looked for right through it.

I'm also trying to remember what I'm trying to say, which is like I'm...

It's been a while.

It has been a while.

You can't do it.

I can't do it.

But you know what it means when it's just the two of us and this year because it's coming out right before the very, very spookiest day of the year.

What is the spookiest season of the year?

Name a spookier day.

Okay.

It's January 3rd because that's the day that a lot of my friends passed away.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's okay.

That's God.

Who passed away?

I don't want to talk about it.

This guy, Jeffrey Doppler.

Oh, no.

He was a friend of yours?

Well, he's the guy who killed all the people.

You know that show, friends?

Sort of.

It's about Jeffrey Doppler.

It's about Jeffrey Doppler?

Yeah.

We're on a break when he broke that person in half and killed them.

Oh, I understand.

Andy, one of those things.

When he got to the rachel cut.

When he killed that cat and smelled all the time.

He got someone in the shape of a rachel haircut.

You know exactly what's going on.

I understand.

Yes.

But you know what it means when you're here.

Is that your new catchphrase?

I understand.

Yes.

Put it on a shirt.

You are begging for a shirt.

Running through my head.

You want a shirt so bad.

I don't want it.

We have to.

All jokes.

That was a dime.

I'm dying to my shirt.

People love you.

I love how much he's dying to my nose.

Not until we get on the microphone to use the word.

It was gangbusters.

It really was.

But unfortunately nothing since then has come up in our conference.

No, thanks.

Since then.

Cuz I love.

What is that?

Nothing compares to you?

Yep.

I wondered why you started crying right into the camera.

I wonder why I ripped this picture of the Pope right now.

Very timely though with what's going on in the church.

She was ahead of her time.

Yeah.

She sure was.

She really was.

I'll head of her time.

Because of her shaved head.

I'll go to the church.

Nothing compares.

Picture of Shinedo Connor crying.

Staring right.

Right ahead.

I'll head of her time.

And it just says.

And it's done caricatures style where her head is bigger than her body.

And then her little tiny body.

Do you say Dunkirk style?

Dunkirk style.

Yes.

Okay.

You got it.

Where it's like three different time periods.

And the Hans Zimmer is like.

It's happening.

No, no, no, no, no.

This is a beat.

It's like a little bit shaky.

But you hear me fine.

Yeah.

I'm shaking.

Sometimes I'll talk to loud and be like.

Oh, the rumbling.

I wonder if I'm talking to loud.

DBs.

Do you want me to turn you down in your phones?

I'm happy.

As long as you're getting what you need.

I'm happy.

I'm getting exactly what I need.

And you know why that is.

Because when this person is on.

Oh, yeah.

Tell him who it is.

You haven't even told him who it is.

I did say the Elgin, Mr. S.

Yeah.

Well, do you want me to do some of my voice over character?

Yeah.

Maybe some people.

So name one of my famous voice over character.

Not a fan.

Don't know.

Okay.

Just name one.

No, never put a guy named Chris.

Voice over.

So I'll give you a TV show.

Maybe you remember.

So I was in DuckTales.

Oh, yes.

You played the trash collector who takes a shit.

There is no trash collector.

And of course.

And people laugh at how silly he is.

No.

There wouldn't be a trash collector who collect.

You know, of course, that is not what it is.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

Give me a bigger one.

You do a whole show on this.

I was a character in Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Whoa.

You and Sean have done many episodes.

Talk about this, correct?

Okay.

You must.

Not because I remember this.

I remember this.

There's four main characters.

Five.

Yes.

But it's not Splinter.

It's not Splinter.

It's okay.

It's one of the four main characters.

Got it.

You're the guy jerking off in the corner.

Which turtles are you watching?

Finish a sentence.

You're going off the corner of that what?

Go.

That the turtles laugh at because he's got such a small penis.

In the children's cartoon.

I remember this.

Yes.

You're wrong.

What do you play in the turtles?

Leonardo.

Which one is that?

Yeah, we don't have time to get into it.

What are you talking about?

The blue one.

The purple maybe.

But you know him when he comes on this show.

There we go.

Good.

It is just, it is combustible.

Right.

Because he comes on and we do a thing and we've done them over the years.

We've done the solo bolo.

Okay.

Solo bolo.

Dolo.

Solo bolo.

Trollo.

Solo bolo.

Clotrollo.

Solo bolo.

Cinco.

Solo bolo.

Cinco.

Solo bolo.

Sonic.

Solo.

And now.

What is this one called?

Because it is.

Spooky.

Before one of the spooky days of the year.

I defy you to name any other day that is a spookier day.

September 3rd.

Yeah.

The ghosts come up that day and eat breakfast with all of us.

I get okay.

It's spooky dude.

Wait, they eat breakfast with you?

Yeah.

So I have a bunch of ghosts that live near my house and they come up every September 3rd.

What are they?

French ghost.

I'm sorry.

Was that?

You're really upset.

It's just really inappropriate.

I'm just, I you up.

It's just really funny.

I apologize.

No, it's too late to apologize.

You can't, you can't.

The problem with you is you make a mistake knowing it's a mistake and thinking you can say you're sorry and it's over.

No, I genuinely do apologize.

Why?

So just tell me what they don't make a stupid fucking ghost pun out of it that they're not going to hate.

So what are they?

It's not scrambled.

Yeah, I mean it's not.

It's not scrambled.

Okay, it's not French and it's not scrambled.

Yes.

Okay.

So what happened to it?

That is really narrowing down my choices.

No, what do you think it could be?

It's a real.

Yeah, we'd cereal.

Really?

Yeah.

It's cereal with Oakley and some of that Booberry stuff.

Boo, oh Booberry.

Okay, so it is, it is ghost themed.

I guess.

Well, by the way, the way that it's ghost themed is we eat it while we make pottery together.

Oh, okay.

I understand.

Do you think people listeners will know that ghost reference or no?

I imagine that tomorrow on Scott hasn't seen I'll understand that reference after tomorrow's episode.

You've never seen ghost?

I've never seen ghost, but by tomorrow I will.

I love that sentence.

Is that your new catch?

Yeah, that's it.

But that on your shirt.

Can you lower me?

I don't like it.

I will lower you.

I can't lower me, but I can lower both of us in your phones.

There you go.

It's not going to happen.

No problem.

What do you think?

What character?

If you just heard your own voice, what cartoon character would you be?

You know what?

I would probably have to be the lead in anything because I'm saying what character, not like are you the lead?

I'm saying like, are you a lion?

When you hear your voice, what do you think?

In a movie about lions, that would be the headline.

Right.

I'm like, okay, pretend everybody's got this.

Everybody's a lead.

And how does that work?

And your whole, everybody's a lead.

It's an ensemble.

I wouldn't do a movie like that.

Why?

Because you're not the lead?

No, because I'm the lead.

This is stupid.

Basically what I'm saying is what animal do you think you are?

What animal am I?

Yes.

What kind of question is that?

I'm not an animal.

I'm a human-ass bean.

Okay, it doesn't make it.

I don't know why I start with you.

This doesn't make any sense to me.

I'm a human.

Why would I want to be an animal?

Are you a human-ass bean?

Is that the type of bean like a lion-man-ass bean?

I'm a human-ass bean.

God, what's wrong with you today?

I don't know, but I will say that anytime he's on the show, we do this solo-bo-lo.

I love it.

And this is the spookiest solo-bo-lo eating.

What's it gonna be called?

Solo-bo-lo.

Hello-o-lo.

Oh, big reveal.

Huge reveal.

For a tiny firework.

Big fuse.

It's like when all those fireworks went off at once at that one show by mistake.

Yeah, I know exactly what you're talking about.

You do know what I'm talking about, and that's why you're here.

We're in each other's heads.

We know each other well.

We truly are.

Let's close your arm.

Ready?

Close my arms.

We're only allowed to think of, we have to say, one number, one through 100.

One through 100.

Yep, got it.

Ready?

One, two, three, four.

Fifty-seven.

Oh my God, I even put up four.

I put up the number four before it.

Oh, you did.

I'm not looking.

I'm looking in your eyes, baby.

Okay, let's do it again.

Ready?

Okay.

One, two, three, six, seven.

Oh, I'm not going to be a lady tonight.

You know you want to lock.

You know you got to everybody wants to.

If you want to be a lady.

We do a lot of singing on the show for those of you who have never heard a solo bola before and why would you have?

That's coming up a little later in the show, the Olympic song challenge.

Oh my goodness.

For those who don't know what it is, it's basically, it's kind of an improv exercise where when someone sings a song, the other person has to go off of what that makes them think of and you just can't stop.

You can't stop until finally it reaches whatever conclusion it reaches.

You said it's a lot like orgasming.

I didn't understand why.

I don't remember saying that.

Yeah, you said it's like an orgasm where you're going until it reaches a climax.

Was that because I had my first orgasm right after we did?

Tell everybody about it.

We did the show.

We did the very first solo bola.

And I had orgasm like 60 seconds before we started rolling.

Yeah, what was that?

Did that part of your thing?

I know I had never done it before.

Oh, wow.

I didn't even realize I was doing it.

So you didn't know what it was?

No, I didn't even know what I was like, this is sticky, it's gross, it's wet.

It's making everyone around me uncomfortable.

Very uncomfortable.

Yeah.

Why would you dig out to begin with though?

Well, everybody can see it.

I mean, that's just something that happens in meetings.

Right.

I mean, this is pre-Wines Dean.

You could do stuff like that.

I wonder how much this would be deleted.

Any of it?

I don't know.

We'll find out.

But it was incredible.

I we what is that?

Dear that?

This is my favorite thing.

Okay.

Anytime we hear a sound, we have to incorporate it in whatever talking about it.

Do you hear that?

Scott, do you hear that?

What is that?

A fucking raptor?

Yeah.

I don't think it's a raptor.

I think it might be a vampire.

What?

It's the spookyest month.

Can I tell you something?

Yeah.

Do you love Halloween?

I love Halloween.

Do you get dressed up?

What do you mean?

Like, as opposed to being naked?

You got to help me.

You got to help me when I ask you a question that you know the answer to.

You got to give me an answer.

I got to.

You got to help me.

I don't know.

I'm stranded.

I don't know.

I'm a damn island.

What do I do?

Do you put on a costume for Halloween?

Like socks?

No.

Scott, unless is that the costume that you're a pair of socks?

I am a pair of socks.

No.

How does that work?

I don't know what happened.

So in Halloween people underwear?

What?

Are you talking about what you put on normally?

No, I'm just saying things.

No.

Okay.

It doesn't matter.

Are you almost took your headphones off and threw them into the pool?

Hey, all these flies are coming lately.

These are white.

There's like white little, white little tiny.

We are outside.

There are white little tiny guys.

Yeah, but they usually, it just started like the past couple of days.

I don't know where they're from.

I believe I read some sort of article about them about how they're murderous flies.

I just invented a new game.

Okay.

Give me a movie quote that I might not, a real movie quote that I might not know and I have to tell you what movie it's from.

Okay.

But you have to think of it in three, two, one.

We need a slightly bigger boat.

Oh, that's the porno off of Jaws called Jews.

And it's basically a bunch of Jews having sex with a show.

You started that, right?

Yeah, it's me.

You and Gil?

Yeah, yeah.

I take a, me and Gil, just me and Gil out of his area.

It starts off, it starts off like, you know, we're in the water and then a big, everything bagel is coming after us.

I'm just trying to say, I'm just trying to eat.

Choose for the revenge?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's great.

Okay.

I'll give you one, right?

Okay.

Give me one.

Um, roads where we're going.

We don't roads.

Roads, roller, that's right.

It's that 80s teen sex romp.

Yeah.

Joe, Joe Pesci is all the roles.

Joe Pesci and Joe professor for Joe.

Yeah, Joe Joe Joe.

You're like, we need the Joe.

No, yeah, we need the Joe's.

Oh, remember G.I.

Doa, a real American hero.

He truly, he really was a real American hero.

What happened to America?

He was real.

What happened to America?

Well, a little something called cancel culture got a hold on.

Oh, no.

Oh, yeah, I'm pivoting.

Scott, Jesus.

Um, what's, what is your favorite movie of all time?

Back to the future.

Is my favorite movie of all time?

That's probably my favorite movie of all time.

It is the best movie, I think.

I, I said that to, I, I, there was a girl I went out on a date with when I was 19.

Oh, recently?

Yeah, cool.

She's fine with it.

Oh, cool.

What was the girl that you did in name?

Can I guess?

Yeah.

Sandra Bullock.

How did you know that I'm dating Sandra Bullock?

Oh, I fucking knew it.

Dude, do you remember speed two now it's on a boat?

Yeah, sort of.

Yeah.

All right.

Oh, what else could be in a boat?

This is great.

A smaller boat.

You go.

Uh, even smaller boat than that.

Okay.

Yeah.

Let's think outside of that.

Oh, but like a real tiny boat.

You go like, like, Ant-Man-sized miniscule boat.

Yeah.

Okay.

And then, uh, a molecule.

That's shin-lovable.

Oh, you get my bones.

My bones.

What else could Borat own?

He owns a wife?

What else could he own?

My bones.

This is how we do a sequel.

What can you do?

Can you do a, a great Borat?

The best.

Please.

My wife.

Uh, but no, I'm dating this girl.

You were dating this girl back in the day.

And her, her, her mom comes up and is like trying to get a real sense of me.

And she's like, what's your favorite movie of all time?

And I said, back to the future.

And she goes, no, I'm talking like serious films.

And what did you say?

Did you have to pivot and think of something great?

And I was like, the godfather?

And she goes, yeah.

Did you have a big relationship with that mom in the end?

It sounds like you really hit it off with a mom.

I mean, she and I were very similar.

It seems like.

It sounds like you guys were really close.

Um, no, but I do.

Uh, uh, uh, her ex boyfriend started, uh, pounding the door down, trying to get, uh, get back in touch with her.

He was like an abusive ex boyfriend.

Oh my god.

Who was in the Navy or something like that?

Is this your story?

This is real story.

And he started like pounding on the door going, open up, open up.

And we had to call the police and the police came and all.

Are you for real?

I'm for total real.

Did you like talk to him through the door?

Be like, get out of here, dude.

I was my, I just.

You must be more.

No idea who he was or like, I barely knew her.

So it was like, it was a weird situation to be in.

Unbelievable.

Have you ever had the police called on you?

No.

Never had the police calling me one time when I, so we were in high school or, yeah, uh, high school.

I was in, I moved from the North Bronx to Westchester.

This is like the, uh, the many saints of Newark here where I'm getting a glimpse into the young Ben Schwartz.

I almost said the many witches of Eastwick.

Yeah.

By the way, it's very similar to that too.

It's a lot like hocus pocus if you think about it.

In my opinion, not enough witches in Eastwick.

Yeah.

By the way, why would we make a TV show?

There's a couple.

So to say the witches say the three witches in Eastwick.

Let's crank it up a notch.

What do you say to that?

Yeah, man.

Four.

Yeah.

Aliens has a whole bunch of aliens in it.

Four witches though.

That's a good number.

Ben, just say.

Just say four.

Any more than four though.

It's too hard to keep track of.

I think that's a good teacher.

I would even cut one out of the four.

So you have three.

Yeah.

So we're back to what they are.

Yeah.

Okay.

Oh, I was in high school and we would have a keggers at the elementary school.

Oh, Ben, no.

Listen, I never was one of them.

Ben, no.

You would pass out beer to the elementary school students during the day.

No, no, no, no, sorry.

You didn't understand.

So on the weekend when nobody was there, the high schoolers would come in and someone would buy a kegg and then they would charge you five bucks for a red cup.

And that's how they made their money back.

Oh my God.

How many red cups would you buy?

No, you just buy one and you keep your feeling.

I'd buy like.

You kiddo.

You could do it three because I would have three beers.

So no, you could drink three beers out of the same red cup.

This isn't safe.

You can't drink three beers at the same time.

You're going to get to Homer Simpson from the last time I talked to you.

All right.

So we go there and then what would happen inevitably is a cop.

So we called and then we would all run away and scarred because we think we'd be in jail forever.

Did you, did you have an escape route planned when you got there of like, I'm going over this fence.

I am a little bit neurotic and anxious, but I didn't, but I will say I was doing cross country at the time.

Oh, funny story was I took cross country to try to get faster when I played basketball and I learned that cross country doesn't give you quick speed.

It just makes you endurance.

Yeah. So like I was still the slowest person up and down the court.

I could just go up now the court longer, but it was.

That's a skill.

I guess.

You would last all what are they?

Quarters periods.

Don't you know what it is?

Exclamation points.

You and I should go to a basketball game.

We really should.

We should.

I'd like to you hate it or no?

No, I've been to do like any sport.

I've been to two.

Yeah.

We name a sport name a sport.

I don't think you know any sports ball stick ball stick.

You don't want baseball.

That's the one.

Yeah.

It's because the sticks.

It's a bat.

I will say basketball and then you stop.

I will say basketball.

You mentioned it.

Yeah.

Here's a quiz for you.

Oh, go do it.

I love it.

Come on.

Can you name a more orange ball than that big orange ball that they use in basketball?

Um, um, I guess what does highlight you is is it orange or no?

It might be.

I don't know.

Is it more spherical than that ball?

Yeah, of course.

Any ball.

Is it just any ball?

Equally is spherical maybe, but more spherical.

It wouldn't be hard to be.

Well, I guess there's indents in it.

I guess if we picked a bowling ball, there's no indents in it.

I guess you're right.

Okay.

It's a bowling ball.

So those could be orange too.

I took cross country and then the cops came and me, my friend Rob came right away from the cops.

The best.

I would do two first names.

Interesting.

Oh, Rob's cute.

I didn't even think about that.

Yeah.

Kim Ke Hong.

It wasn't.

Oh, okay.

Rob Kim was his name that we all.

Yes.

And so the name you agreed on, the name that he presented.

When he wanted to be called Kim Ke Hong.

No, I mean, I'm probably even, I don't know.

Now we're making him feel terrible and he's a great guy.

So we're going down.

One of my closest friends in the universe and we're, it's one of my favorite men.

I mean, when you hear the end of the story, he's fine, but so we're running and we are ahead of the pack.

Because everybody's like drinking and out of shape and we are cross country superstars.

We have been running cross country and we were at the front of the pack and we're, we were always last in the races and we were front and we were laughing and smiling and then there's a little fence and then I, because I was afraid I wasn't going to be able to jump over the fence.

I was going around the fence and he goes, I'm jumping over it.

I go, I love calling you stuff.

And so he puts his hand on it's a lower one and he pulls himself up and there's a fucking tree on the other side and it was the most Mr. Bean like he jumped and went, wait, and then hit the ground and I had to come around to make sure he was okay.

And did the police catch you because well he's still in jail.

Oh no, the tree got him and Kim Kardashian tried to petition Donald Trump to get him out.

Yes.

And they wouldn't let him out.

No, because he was a minor.

He, he, he dug.

He dug coal.

Yeah.

Oh no.

Yeah.

So he had that little hat on and no.

They like, and minors really get it hard in jail.

I had no idea because they're always trying to dig out.

And now they can't do it.

Like a Shawshank kind of thing.

Oh, my favorite lines up from Shawshank Redemption, my favorite lines is say, botateos.

Here's mine.

Go bro.

I've just been Shawshank.

Who says that?

I think it was Morgan free bird.

Yeah, that's good.

Morgan free bird.

Great voice.

Do you think that he, when he comes on stage, he makes a lot of public appearances as we all know when he comes on stage, there are people calling out play, play Freeman at him.

Oh, that's funny.

That's funny.

Or do the penguins.

Do the penguins talk about the penguins because I'm free.

Morgan free.

Free man.

Free, free man.

And I'm bringing free man and I'm free, free man.

My favorite Morgan Freeman.

I'm going to say roll go.

His answering machine.

No, what's it like?

He, please do.

He doesn't use his voice for the Morgan.

No.

So he got Bobcat, cool.

Hey, guys, it's me, Morgan Freeman.

My little message.

Incredible.

How do you get Bobcat?

I don't know.

I guess I don't know.

Or maybe they're just friends.

Favorite Bobcat was enormous.

Police Academy free was huge.

I was, was Morgan Freeman in the police academy movie?

No, sorry.

Bobcat, cool.

It was.

Oh, are we doing it with no commercials?

I love that idea.

Why do you think we should have taken a commercial?

No, I just feel like we've been talking for.

I guarantee if you look at it, then we've been talking for 35 minutes.

Oh, God.

Is it so exhausting talking to me that you can only.

Not exhausting talking to you.

Exhausting because we go 100 miles per hour.

We did so many drugs before this.

I popped in a very easy shoot, shoot, shoot, shoot all the way down, all the way down to Guller.

What's the, what's the, what's the drug you've done the most?

What's the drug you've done?

You've done it to me real.

Most recently.

I've never done drugs in my life.

Any drug.

I've never smoked weed.

I've never done any.

Not even the ganja.

Sorry.

Oh my God.

You're fucking Jamaican neighbors here and he is pissed.

It's, it's, excuse me, man.

No, don't.

That's him.

Oh, sorry.

Sir, I'm so sorry.

Scott, say something.

Excuse me, man.

I'm insulted, man.

Say something, Scott.

I'm so sorry.

I just, I didn't know what I was doing.

You don't talk like that.

I just, I, I had no idea.

I'm sorry.

He's being terrible and I'm sorry that he made you sound like that.

Have a good day, sir.

No problem, man.

Okay.

Wow.

Great guy.

I bet he is.

Great guy.

So handsome too.

I bet he answers unless it's like Jeff or John.

I think it's Adrian Brody.

It was worth it.

Sometimes I throw the ball out and I'm like, he can't hit this.

It's a fucking spit ball.

Yeah.

Then you knock that out of the park and I knock that spitty, spitty ball.

Do you, are you exhausted after you do episodes?

Because sometimes after a solo ball, I am exhausted.

Yeah.

I usually have to turn all the lights down, just hop into the bunk beds.

Do you use the comment?

I'm going away for a while.

And then do I use the what?

The comment.

The team you go to sleep.

Cool up.

The cool up app.

What's a com app?

What is that?

It's like a thing that can play like rain or.

Oh, I do.

I have a machine that does it.

It's like a big giant computer.

Like you ever see a what's that movie about the, the, the, the NASA astronauts?

NASA.

The NASA astronauts who are who have the, the women who are.

Oh, dear Evan Hansen.

Dear Evan Hansen.

Yeah.

Where they do all the calculations and it sends them up.

Yeah.

And then he like breaks his arm.

Yeah.

It kind of plays rain sometimes that goes, excuse me.

And then like starts over after a little bit.

That's interesting.

So it's a guy doing the rain, the sound effects.

Yeah.

It's not like an actual, they didn't get tape recordings of rain because they didn't know when it was going to rain.

I'm sorry.

I don't mean to dump down the podcast.

I'm trying my fucking best, but I get it.

So you do, is it rain or what is it?

The buns.

Basically it sounds a little like rain.

So I was like, excuse me.

Is it Jamesville Jones?

I think it might be.

Oh shit.

It's at least Darth Vader.

How many people like this when we do this?

I don't know.

No.

Can we do a, is there a forum or something people can answer this?

A forum that people can fill out.

Sorry.

Forum.

Like a, like a, I think next time one of these comes out, we should do a poll to see how many people like this.

Do you want me to do a poll?

You want me to really do a poll to see like, should Ben ever be on the show again?

Because we did that with Harris and it did not work out.

No, this does not do that.

So, that's not saying that's why he ended up not on the show anymore.

Sounds like it is, but you're terrible.

But it didn't know the, the, I, did he just squeaked by?

I can't remember.

I bet he did great.

He did great.

Yeah.

Funny is the funniest.

But it's in the world.

Yes.

That's right.

Yes.

But Ben, you're still with us and terrible transition.

What if this were your last podcast ever?

How do you want to go out?

I want to tell everybody, thank, I want to say thank you very much to everybody.

Yeah.

Thank you for the support.

I want to say, what a dream that I get to make people laugh for a living, Scott.

For a living too, really.

So you, you don't have like a gig on the side that you make your real money or?

Are you talking about podcasts or no?

I'm talking about like I act and some stuff and write some stuff.

No, I know you do that, but.

Name a TV show.

But you've never made people laugh during those things.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Ever?

I don't think so.

But you've never seen an episode.

What's the show?

What is it?

Don Chito.

The Cheed Man.

No, no, it's called Cheed Freed House.

Cheed Freedon Roy.

No, House.

House of.

Tartanian.

No, House of.

Tartanian.

You don't know.

I have no idea.

House of lies.

Pies of house.

No, nobody said pies.

And also you say house.

The house ruined it for me for years.

I'm so sorry.

We don't want to bring, we don't want anyone to bring that back.

You're the worst.

We don't want anyone to, I mean, we don't want anyone to say to you and we never want to bring back House of lies as well.

Well, that's me and also, I mean, there's some great, I mean, that cast is amazing.

It's amazing.

It's not just me, Josh Lawson.

Give me a break.

Break me off a piece of that kick.

Give me a break.

Break me off a piece of that kick.

Break me off a piece of that kick-cat bar- GIVE ME RAKEN!

GIVE ME RAKEN!

Break me off a piece of that kick-cat bar!

Alright, let's go to a break and we come back more solo-bolo!

Ooh, hello, hello!

We'll be right back, baby!

Coming back from break, coming back from break, coming back from break, coming back from break, on bang bang now!

Well, only two, yeah. You started at such a high level that I don't think that I could've talked about. A lot of people say I come at a high level.

You really do! Hey, welcome back! This is solo-bolo, halo-wolo, and of course... solo-bolo-halo-halo-halo-creepy-crawly things!

Let's talk about the creepiest-crawly experiences of your life.

Have you ever been in there and had like creepies and crawlies?

Yeah!

You know what I mean?

Yeah!

You know, one time I ate one of those creepy- oh, remember that?

By the way, do you remember this case?

You just seen it all the time and nobody got this reference.

That commercial for creepy-crawlers!

No, what were they?

Really?

Are they like gummy worms?

I forget, I think.

You forget then how effective was this advertisement?

You don't even know what it is.

I'll bring it up.

Alright, find it on your phone!

Find it on your phone!

And find it on your phone!

No!

Okay, this is it.

Creepy-crawler song, you ready?

Alright.

Let's see if I remember.

Now, you've been, of course, is the person who found the hamburgers of the talk McDonald's.

And it was real!

So many people were upset and say this isn't a real thing and I'm like, I'm telling you, and someone found it.

And someone found it.

Of course, I don't have evidence of it, but someone sent it to you, right?

Yeah.

Hamburgers of the talk.

How do I go again?

Do you believe in magic?

And hamburgers of the talk!

Chicken McNuggets you can take for a walk, magic, and only Ronald can do!

Come this way, now, you're a tube child!

What?

I didn't...

I don't think we ever went past hamburgers of the talk.

Oh yeah, because it goes to you believe in magic!

Hamburgers of the talk!

Chicken McNuggets you can take for a walk, magic, and only Ronald can do!

You, I watch you when you take a bath, little boy!

Okay, I do not remember that last part.

Really?

Did you ever go to McDonald's?

The McDonald's I went to have that guy that always watched you take a bath.

Do you believe in magic?

Hamburgers of the talk!

Chicken McNuggets you can take for a walk, magic!

Like only Ronald can do!

Look at me! Look at me in your closet!

This is a grown man!

Don't play your daddy!

Don't tell your mommy!

It's time for us to play!

A game!

Do you like parcheasy?

Oh, nothing weird!

Just a game about cheesy with me!

Oh, you don't know how to play?

Come in, little boy!

Yes, I do remember that.

Yeah, now that you say it!

Okay, here's to the roller.

Oh, I love this!

Jesus Christ!

Oh my God, this is a cartoon show!

This isn't it!

This is a toy.

You gotta vet your clips, bro!

Well, listen, we got five seconds of this to be a spiral actor.

It goes, I thought it went creepy crawlers!

Pretty close!

See?

I bet when you were a kid, like, there would have been nothing cooler to you than to be the guy who said creepy crawlers!

Creepy crawlers!

What's your favorite commercial growing up?

Commercial?

Probably the one about 2.9% financing if you buy that.

That's so boring!

What?

That's so boring!

Like, crossfire!

Remember, crossfire!

You get caught up in it!

Crossfire!

Like, crossfire the TV show?

No, it was...

No.

Who was that?

You, down?

Crossfire was the Matt Besser show.

Crossfire was a game that you would play, you shoot a little silver little marbles at each other.

Oh, sounds cool!

Yeah, man.

Yeah!

I didn't invent it or anything.

I didn't buy it, so we never bought it.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I wasn't allowed to get a lot of toys because, you know, we couldn't buy all of toys.

How many choices do you want?

Two toys.

I had a knife.

Two always burp when I mentioned toys.

I had a knife.

No, we had a knife.

That's a toy.

And a piece of bread.

But we always...

This just sounds like dinner to me.

Yeah, and then we would put butter on the knife and put it on the bread and then we'd eat.

Okay, so the butter is the dinner.

Well, that's a game.

That's a game.

That's the game.

The toys are the knife and the bread.

Right, the game is the butter.

Yeah.

Okay, got it.

Do another game?

Can we have one talk to you for a second?

Can we have one talk to you?

We got to talk about someone that scarred you recently.

Someone that scarred you.

A scarred me in terms of...

I will...

I mean, I do have something that I saw that was very emotionally distressing.

Okay.

Are you willing to share it or now is that the time?

I can share it.

Is this an exclusive?

Should I do the exclusive song?

Sound?

Sure.

Yeah, I've never talked about it before.

Oh, my God.

Here it comes.

A brand-new exclusive.

Okay, I don't know if that really fits in with the actual story.

Do you like fun?

Do you like cool things?

Here comes a brand-new exclusive.

This is a sad story.

I don't know.

Well, go, come on.

Oh, baby.

Take out the damn arena.

Bring out the pom-poms and brand-new exclusive.

That actually...

Okay, let's see.

Okay.

So, I mean, this is...

It's ripe for Halloween.

Is this true for real?

This is a very true story.

Oh, I think we should do it.

I want to bring down the room.

No, but I...

You know, what's scarier in Halloween but a black cat?

Oh, okay.

And I was in traffic the other day and on Santa Monica Boulevard, at seven in the morning, I think.

Where are you going?

I was going to an appointment that I had.

I get to know exactly where you were going.

This story doesn't make sense.

I was getting blood drawn for a physical...

Another very spooky thing is blood.

Great.

At this time of year.

So, already we have two spooky things like black cat in blood.

Oh, we haven't introduced the black cat yet.

I'm sitting in traffic and it's not bad traffic.

It's good traffic.

But in the sense of like my side of the street is, you know, we're all stopped for a red light.

And the other side of the street, there's nothing...

There's no traffic.

And I see this black cat run, like sort of tentatively come out to the street to try to get across the street.

I'm like, oh no, and a car's coming right for it.

And it ducks back, sees the car, ducks back.

I'm like, okay, please, just stay where you're at.

Just stay where you're at.

It doesn't.

It comes back out.

Oh, no.

Did it?

I didn't know.

Who hit it?

Someone come in the other way.

And you saw it perish?

Yes.

And I was just like going, no, I was like sobbing in traffic.

Oh my God.

To see that happen right in front of you.

That's terrible.

Anyway, so that scarred me.

Yes.

What a great question.

Thank you so much.

That was a exclusive.

Okay, come on.

Tell me about your Halloween escapades as children.

Oh, my dad didn't like Halloween.

He grew up in the South Bronx and we were in the North Bronx, which was, you know, very, it would not have been a problem for us to, yeah, it would.

Totally.

It would have been a problem for us to go around.

And by the way, where he was from, it wasn't a problem for us, but he was very protective of us.

He never really wanted to go trick or treating by ourselves.

And so like- Because of like all the dangerous New York assholes or what?

Yeah, but also like we're- Hey, I'm trick or treating over you.

Trick or treat.

I get out of here with you fucking candy.

No, you give me candy.

Get the fuck out.

I don't want any fucking candy.

No, you mean you give me candy.

Get the fuck out of here.

So now your dad didn't want you because he thought it was unsafe.

So we didn't, he hates Halloween.

My mom loves Halloween.

My mom's the best.

Joan Foreman sports her birthday was when does this come out?

Oh, it'd probably be two weeks ago.

Okay.

It was on the 25th.

Great.

Uh huh.

Wait, two, really?

The 25th?

Yes, really.

Wow.

Okay.

Or not yesterday.

So yeah, just a couple days.

Happy birthday to her.

Oh, happy birthday to you.

Her name is Joan.

Happy birthday to you.

Happy birthday dear Joan.

Her name is Joan.

Get her from the top.

Happy birthday dear Joan.

Just say Joan.

Happy birthday dear Joan.

Oh, my dear.

Happy birthday to you.

All of a woman is Joan.

I love you, mommy.

She's got to be 70 plus by now, right?

She seems like you would know.

She's got a woman like that.

Gotta be 70 plus at this point.

What do you get?

What do you get a parent for their birthday?

Nothing now.

At all?

Uh, yeah.

You're so rich and they have nothing.

You don't get them anything.

Hey, what do you mean?

Your parents are dirt poor.

We're uh, we're going giftless these days because why who needs to accumulate more things?

Your parents.

Oh, that's right.

They want them.

I'm the one who insists on going giftless.

You have so much money.

You don't need things.

No, they don't need to have a place to stay.

No.

What do you mean stay?

Like live.

Like stay what you tell a dog.

No, not stay.

I can't believe you keep getting confused with these very...

What?

Sorry, who's this character?

What?

Hello?

I'm a bird.

What?

Sorry, you have a whole rodent in your mouth.

I'm sorry, no, my uh, uh, that's my neighbor's bird.

Oh, that's your Jamaican neighbor's bird.

Oh, goodbye, get balled.

Oh, no, you shouldn't be doing this anymore.

Don't you get in trouble for doing stuff?

No.

Aren't you, aren't you the closer of podcasts?

What's that mean, the closer?

The closer is Dave Chappelle's special that he's gotten trouble for.

Oh, I have no idea.

You don't know Dave Chappelle's?

Now Ben is, he's now putting on, uh, hoodie as if that will...

By the way, hoodie.

Hoodie.

As if that will prevent the young compur we wear hoodies.

Oh, excuse me?

What was that?

I laughed.

No, no, no.

No.

No?

Excuse me, sir.

Oh, no.

I stop it.

Don't laugh.

You're being terrible.

What?

Hoodie, what?

Don't.

You should be finding this so funny.

How dare you?

Um, so you wouldn't go out there trick or treating?

You'd take the good, you'd take the bad, you'd take the ball and then you'd have the facts.

The what, the what?

The facts, the what?

The what, the what?

The what?
