♪♪♪ Never be afraid to tell someone your tummy hurts from all the shrimp.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

All right. Thank you to Japers Plapers for that catchphrase submission.

Japers Plapers on Twitter.

Thank you so much. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition and a special first day of NaviDawgi edition.

I don't know that we've ever put out an episode on the first day of NaviDawgi before, but today, Monday lands directly upon it, and we are proud that it does because we have an excellent show for you today.

And I would expect nothing less from a NaviDawgi show, especially one that lands on the first of NaviDawgi.

Let me be the first to say Feliz NaviDawgi.

Feliz NaviDawgi, thank you so much.

And you were the first, by the way.

I mean, I believe the first to say it, Feliz NaviDawgi.

On the first day of NaviDawgi.

As well, not just on this show, but in recorded history.

Absolutely.

And you know that voice.

If you are a Comedy Bang Bang listener, you know who jumped in and decided to say Feliz NaviDawgi.

You know he's a friend of the show.

He's been on all 12 plus years of this show.

Since the beginning days back in the Indy 10131, Indy 1013, he used to do that very same station ID.

And no one liked it and it played exactly once.

And people said, please stop doing it.

He was prepared to do it live too in every number of songs.

Every day coming in live.

That was the deal you said.

Reggie coming into the theme song live every day.

And I come in and do the live bumpers.

But you had to be there all drops.

You had to be there all day to do it in between every song.

So that.

Oh yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

No, the mistake I made was I thought I was just doing it for your show.

But they wanted me to do it with all their shows.

Right.

And you lasted exactly one time, I believe?

Yes, I did it once.

And they asked me to leave.

Yeah.

They asked it.

I heard the word escorted was being bandied about.

I think you I misheard it.

It was escort.

Oh, OK.

You went into the escort business right after.

Is that what happened?

I used the opportunity on air to promote my escort business.

So wait, you did the Indy 10131 BBB and then the Indy 103 also zooks escorts.

Give me a call and get it done.

Get it done.

Well, that's not what I want to hear from an escort.

Is that they're they're working with their parents to get it done.

I know I want them to, you know, for it to be complete at the end.

But I don't want their mind to be, you know, just so business like focused on the task at hand.

But you know that boy.

See what I'm doing.

His station ID if you're a fan of one of three one.

And he's back on the show today for another edition special Navi doggy special Feliz Navi doggy edition.

Please welcome back to the show Jason man, Zuckus.

Scott, thank you so much for having me.

I am thrilled to be here.

It is literally my pleasure.

We I believe if I am if I have my math correct, we literally saw each other 12 hours ago.

I believe that's true.

In person in person live.

Person 103.1.

Yes, in person that was their that was their slogan.

Exactly.

I'm sorry to end a sentence when you're in the middle of a drink.

I didn't matter.

You didn't you didn't end descendants with a question mark.

You could have kept going.

You waited for me.

Well, I speak to a non question to figure out the word slogan.

And once I got it out, I was tapped out.

It's a wrap series wrap series wrap on Scotty ox.

Welcome back to the show.

It's great to see you to see you here.

We are we are we are my people.

I live what you want to eat Victoria ribs.

Oh, I don't serve ribs.

You better be happy that dress is still on.

Oh my God.

What is these are Prince these are Prince lyrics from.

Oh, OK, OK, sorry, sorry.

Prince fan 22 positions in a one night stand.

Of course.

Yeah.

What are those 22 because I've heard what are the what are the 22?

I've heard of missionary, which I presume is number one.

Yeah, number one on the call sheet missionary missionary, right?

That's got to be number one.

Number two has got to be doggy, right?

To his doggy.

I don't know.

That's at least a three for me.

You think that's three?

OK, well, you have to be kind and let the woman have number two, which is on top.

Oh, sure.

OK, well, I mean, I think again, like I'm not giving any of these, like a moral judgment.

I'm just listening.

I am.

They're positioned on the call sheet implies that number two is the number two on the call sheet, a lady on top or other person on top.

And then number three reverse missionary reverse missionary.

What is reverse?

I'd love to hear with that.

Both on your backs.

I guess.

You're both on your backs.

Guy on top.

I don't know.

Is that possible?

There's the upstairs downstairs, of course.

Yeah.

And then number 69, thumb the call sheet, as I recall, is an old fave.

But 22.

Yeah, I can't think of 22.

I mean, have you ever read that commie suture book?

No, I've not.

I've not.

I'm sorry.

I'm thinking of the communist manifesto.

Have you ever read that?

I've read the little mouse, little red book of sex positions.

It has phone numbers inside.

That was that was his the equivalent of his little black book.

It was just like, look at all these numbers I got.

Did you ever have a little black book, Jason?

I did not, although I must have had an address book at some point.

Yeah, we've all had address books and I must have.

But it wasn't like a little black.

But he was actually like an address.

He was like a proper like it looked more like a notebook.

It is sad to me that a whole generation of people are growing up without the pleasure of an address book.

So true.

You know what?

So, you know, what Scott, this is why the show is lasted this long.

You know, it really is speaking to the.

I'm not trying to follow you.

It's speaking to the times, you know, the time we're in where we're we're we're looking at a general twenty two.

We're looking at a generation that wasn't having a book.

13 PM.

I mean, what?

Yeah.

Where were you when you heard this app?

And you thought to yourself, what is an address?

I think a lot of people are going to remember exactly where they were when they heard this app.

They're going to be their sides are going to be split.

They're going to be in such an emergency room.

They're going to be busily buying the police, Navi Dottie t-shirt.

Did you say Navi Dottie?

Police Navi Dottie.

Because that's next month, police Navi Dottie.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry, Navi Dottie.

Sorry, sorry, nothing Navi Dottie.

Sorry.

OK.

Want to make sure we have my apologies.

Do you have a holiday plans, Jay?

I don't.

I don't have any holiday plans yet.

I'm I've been waiting to see how safe things feel in terms of travel.

Well, every I know every year you try to stay up to catch Santa Claus.

Yes.

And I put Ben a drill in the cookies that I leave out.

And you're tuckered out by 915.

I'm exhausted because I eat all the cookies.

You fall asleep and then.

Oh, is your old timey telephone?

Do you answer your old telephone?

Oh, we've been canceled.

Holy shit.

Who was that?

Who do you answer to?

That's the mayor of podcasting.

That was Conan O'Brien.

I'm sorry.

Is that is that the banker from who wants to be a millionaire?

That's the it's the banker from Mary or not from a dealer.

No deal misses his family.

You decide to spend more time and fly kites with it.

I can't believe Team Coco just called and canceled the pond.

Yeah, it's they have control over all podcasts now.

Oh, wow.

But have you and you've never seen Santa Claus in person?

Is that never seen him in person?

You've seen him on TV.

I've seen him in all of film roles captured on film captured on film.

Yep.

So I've seen you.

I've seen plenty of Santa in that way, but no, no, and never.

And you know what?

To be honest, I've been when I was younger when I was a child, I went to a number of his mall appearances.

Oh, yeah.

It's sort of like the new kids on the block and Debbie Gibson.

Yes.

And do it.

Do a small and do a short set with you.

Yes.

He was there with his blues, his harmonica blues band.

Santa Claus and the harmonica blues band.

This is an album I want to see here, probably.

But I would love it if Santa Claus is if Santa Claus put out a Bruce Willis, ask a return of Bruno style.

It would be great if he came out and just like made a big splash on the news and was like, look, yes, I'm real.

I'm here.

I'm not telling you this to confirm all of, you know, your suspicions about Santa Claus.

I'm merely doing PR for my harmonica blues band.

I don't want to talk like Billy Bob.

I don't want to talk to.

I don't want to talk about Christmas.

I don't want to talk about presents.

I don't want to talk about naughty and nice.

List.

I'm here to talk about my music career.

What can be enjoyed 364 days a year, my music.

My my version of the house of the rising sun.

And if he had a voice like, ho, ho, he boughs and so on.

And he was really good.

What if he was really good?

Really good.

Would we be able to put aside like, you know, how in Canada, what is second?

And it's a chapter.

But would we be able to put aside everything and all of our preconceived notions about Santa Claus to go like, no, I genuinely enjoy his music.

What a triumph that would be like, can you imagine a second chapter for him being like first for eons being, you know, Santa Claus delivering presents overseeing all of the elves in the North Pole and all of that.

And then and then to have a second chapter as like a world famous blues harmonic of virtuoso.

It would be amazing.

I mean, I anytime you're listening to a Bruce Willis song and I pray that that's often often.

Oh, that's my workout mix right there.

You can't get past the fact though that it's Bruce Willis, this guy who's been sure of a diehard movies and you're just hearing his voice.

But Santa Claus, if you could just look past it and yeah, he would probably throw in a few hoho hos every once in a while, you know, in the middle of harmonica blasts while he's honking on Bobo, he would be saying hoho.

Oh, yeah.

This is like, I mean, like this is this could happen.

I want this to happen.

Ginnamilly could happen, I think.

I would love it if if this does happen.

I would I would like for you to get weird Al to do a cover of one of Santa's biggest hits, a cover or a parody, a parody rather.

I'm sorry.

He should just segue into covers at this point.

Yeah.

The parody aspect of it is it's over how to do it's over just do covers.

Just with absolutely no take.

I feel like the fact that it's in our mind that the fact that that we thought of it that Santa could have a blues harmonica album means that it probably is going to happen because he has those Santa powers that I'm frankly shocked that they haven't convinced Bruce Willis to make this movie.

Where Santa is like a grump and a curmudgeon and is like, ah, I'm tired of doing all this.

I just got the blues, man.

It is weird that he hasn't made a Santa Claus movie at this point.

Like that's the puzzle has made his, you know, it's true.

It's true.

Like how has how has Bruce Willis not been talked into?

He's been talked into doing so many bad movies.

Why have you gone the Christmas angle with him?

You know, what?

I mean, is it up to us?

Is it up to us?

I think it is.

Because here we have, we've got the idea.

Do we reach out to his people and try and pitch this in the industry?

I mean, you can't use it.

Moderate moderate representation that we can use here.

Sure.

I mean, our representatives are mainly friends and not, you know, really the most adept representatives in the world.

Listen, they can get on this and we can be pitching Bruce Willis.

This by the way, let's let's capitalize on the season.

Yes.

Pitch him right now.

Let's pitch him in Navi doggy so that it comes out in Navi doggy.

Next year.

No, this year.

I want to I want to do a really quick shoot.

Oh, I don't think we're going to get that, buddy.

I don't think that's going to happen.

How long does film take to process these days?

Well, I mean, my guess is we're going to shoot it on digital if I'm honest.

I don't even know how to do that.

I'm out.

Oh, boy.

You're out.

I'm out.

It sounds too hard.

Oh, my God.

OK.

Well, then I guess I'm doing this alone.

This is exciting, though.

It's exciting.

When a new project presents itself and you have that that that excitement that just drives you forward and then tomorrow I'll wake up and I'll be so excited.

Like I've got to convince Bruce Willis to make a Santa Claus harmonica blues player.

I feel like you could be talking to Bruno by Thursday.

If all goes well, you could be in a room with him by Friday morning at the latest.

That would be that would be pretty rad.

Legitimately, how legitimately?

How long do you think it would take you to get to Bruce Willis?

You know, the six degrees of Kevin Bacon where it's like, oh, that's all about people having starred in roles.

Actually, how long would it take you, not the regular dipshit off the street who collects garbage for a living, but you just like Hollywood.

Yeah, right.

I understand.

Like, I think, I mean, I don't know.

Not the usual listener of the show who's like, you know, plunging toilets right now as they listen to Jesus Christ.

I'm saying you, Jason Mancuca is Hollywood.

I mean, I like to think of so many of the comedy.

So many of the comedy bang, bang listeners that have come up to me to say, I love the show or say, Hey, no, man, they seem like lovely, wonderful people.

I love your wonderful plumbers.

Jesus.

Wow.

OK.

But I'm saying how long legitimately if you if you were like, I need to get into a room with Bruce Willis, a well, I don't know how long I see with the question is.

I don't know how long I don't know what it would take for actually Bruce Willis to meet with me.

But I mean, to be honest, I could certainly have my agents call his agents and try and set a meeting.

I'm saying how long how long to get you in the room with BW.

Oh, I think a while.

I mean, I don't I don't think there's anything urgent about this, this incoming ask.

I know what urgent is is we're all we're all getting older and and this is it.

I think my agents reach out and his agents are like, OK, that's terrible.

But no, but here's but here's what they get.

They say they say it's urgent.

He has an incredible idea that he needs to tell him.

Oh, you think we can get away with not telling them?

Yes, that it's it's so urgent and but as long as they say, like, here's what I based on Bruce Willis's recent choices.

I would believe he's not being pitched movies.

He's just being told where to show up and he just is like, what do I do?

Like I would believe that's the case.

So like I'm there's a way in which I feel like if we threw the right money around, we could we could have a go picture with Bruce Willis starring.

He just will show up not knowing and will probably become furious.

Right.

But will he show up with Bobo, his harmonica, of course, of course?

Yes, I think he probably would.

You know, I mean, that Bobo is number two on this on the call sheet.

Do you think he shows up with it to every movie hoping that they can fit it in somehow and he's it's shot down?

I think, you know, well, you know that this is actually one of the, you know, like you hear about like different actors, secrets or superstitions or how that with their process.

I heard about Jim Belushi shitting on the set of, according to Jim, like.

What like there?

There was a there was a bathroom.

Oh, oh, on the set that he would even though it wasn't a functional bedroom, a functional bathroom.

No, that's craylelegedly.

That's crazy.

Oh, this is allegedly, of course.

And then and then one or once is an accident.

Well, it's very similar.

I think it was a pathology, but it's it's very similar to someone that I'd heard of who I love that you'll name Jim Belushi, but not this present.

But they were they were working on the CBS Radford set.

And for those of you who have never been to Hollywood, I pity you, first of all, if you've never been to the CBS Radford set, one of the most beautiful places in the Radford, but it has one of those working New York streets, you know, the doubles for New York.

I've shot on it.

And someone that I had heard of was a writer on a sitcom that was working on the lot and kept paying his bills all the time.

And then his his water and power and gas and everything kept getting shut off.

And he was like, what he would call them and go, I've paid you.

What is going on?

And this happened month after month after month.

And he then realized he was he was paying his bills and putting them in the prop mail box on the New York street.

And they opened it up and it was just filled with his mail.

What are you talking about?

That's he just thought, Oh, this is convenient.

There's a mailbox.

There's a mailbox right by my office.

Oh my God.

Just like a year's worth of every letter he thought he'd sent.

Are you kidding?

That's incredible.

But that is what I like to think that Jim Belushi did when he was taking your shit on the according to Jim's.

Oh my God.

Holy shit.

That's so funny.

Um, I think as long as we have, like, we're going to, what's exciting about this is a couple of things.

A, we get to write this, this Bruce Willis Santa blues thing, but we also get to write all the songs.

Yes.

That's what I'm mainly interested in is I lose based holiday songs, you know, what I'm all about.

So of course, exactly.

And I'm not, I don't think we shouldn't be like doing blues versions of classics.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

It's the day after Christmas blues.

Yeah, exactly.

Day after Christmas blues.

Gotta wait 364 more days.

And prance is not feeling that well.

I wish people wouldn't celebrate Jesus on my special day.

I mean, this is like, this could be a home run.

This is like, it could be better than a home run.

A grand slam.

He does say though that he wants, he wants to do a song called Yippee Kye Motherfucker, which is tough for a Christmas movie.

Tough, but we can work it in.

Don't worry.

At least we can shoot it.

Go and let's just shoot it and, you know, see what happens in Po.

I will say this is reminding me slightly of the Tim Robinson sketch where Santa is an actor, an action movie actor.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

All right, we're, we're, we're, yeah, seriously.

Sorry, we're done.

We're done.

Wait, are you getting a call?

Yeah.

Sorry.

Tim Robinson's canceled this.

We stole his bit.

Shut it down.

No longer.

Shut it down.

We're done.

Tim Robinson did it.

No, thank you.

Man, you can't do anything these days.

Oh, man.

With cancel culture.

Oh, man.

Sorry.

I segued into cancel culture.

Oh, God.

Well, Jason Mazzucus is here, of course.

Scotty.

We have a great show for you today.

We have a great guest.

Are you excited about this guest?

Thrilled, as always.

I don't know that we've ever met some of my best friends on this show.

Really?

Like who?

Yep.

The bobblehead guy.

He's your best friend.

He's like one of my best friends.

You don't even know his name.

Bobblehead guy.

That guy from, that guy from Cincinnati.

Cincinnati Playboy.

The Cincinnati Playboy.

Cincinnati.

These are your best friends.

You barely know even how to refer to them.

Sprague the whisper.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

No, he's a spriggy baby.

Very dear friend.

Oh, spriggy.

I love your way.

Every spag.

We we do have a guy.

I don't know that we've ever spoken to this guy before.

My notes here say that he's been on the show before.

So that's exciting.

So probably I don't know.

So I must have spoken to him, but I'm not sure if you've ever spoken to him.

OK.

I'm straining to recall any of his details, but the notes here say that he's a royal watcher.

Oh, yes.

I've met this person.

Oh, you have met this person?

I've done so many shows.

They all run together for me.

I get it.

It's like how I forget all the how did this get made movies that I've seen.

Yeah.

So I don't know anything about this guy necessarily, but he is a royal watcher.

Please welcome, I guess, back to the show Byron Deniston.

Thank you.

Thank you very much.

Hello.

Yes.

Hello.

Are you very Byron?

Good to see you.

No, I'm the 18th Byron Deniston's master effect.

Yes.

Been 18 in a row.

Somewhere in the 18th.

Yes.

Yeah.

That's like Friday the 13th.

Um, Kerry.

Well, no, I don't mean to sound like I just mean it's Kerry in a similar way.

I don't know why it would be, but I confess I'm never insulted when someone forgets me, but I am insulted a little bit that you've forgotten me because I'm sorry.

I've when were you last on the show?

I'm astounded.

It wasn't very long ago.

It was fairly.

Ray was within this last year.

I was like, I'm sorry.

Within this last year.

I look, a lot has been going on.

Of course, we've launched CBB world.

So much is happening.

I, I, you know, can't be bothered to remember every single person who's on the show, but it's great to meet you or see you again.

I guess.

Oh my God.

You're still doing it.

Yes.

What a passive aggressive move.

I agree.

I don't think it's a really, I don't think it's passive.

I just think it's a move.

I feel like it's trying to put Byron Deniston on his heels.

Yes.

Like making.

I don't think so.

Makes him feel unwell.

You're basically nagging him by saying he was unmemorable.

That's precisely how I feel.

Is it working?

I've been knocked down a bit of a peg.

Yes, it's working.

I'm going to paddle like hell to make an impression today.

Well, remind me, remind me in the, are there are listeners who have never heard of you or even you?

Uh, what, what is your deal?

Um, that was telling me another way to ask.

Give me, give me a nutshell.

Just just not for me.

I should just not shell myself.

Yes.

Thank you.

The way that anyone can in life.

If someone were to come up to me and go like, what's your deal?

Not shell yourself.

Yeah.

I would be prepared to answer.

Elevator pitch yourself to us.

All right.

Scott, go ahead.

Not shell yourself.

But I do wear it.

I mean, human being.

All right.

I am white.

Of course.

Okay.

Right.

That's good.

And that's served me on the call sheet.

Pretty well.

That's all we need to know about you going in.

The rest is going to be a surprise.

Yes.

All right.

Well, fair enough.

But do you know what I, I am also white and a human being got those things as well.

We have a lot in common.

Yes.

Where is this a podcast?

Three white human being males.

Yes.

It must be.

It's one of the new podcasts on CBB World.

Three white human being males.

Do you think any time three white male human beings get together, it just suddenly is a podcast?

It's a, it starts, something starts recording.

Do you think some sort of evolutionary trade is going to come out of humans where we'll grow microphones?

So that we can podcast things.

Well, it used to be a Harold team from what I understand.

But maybe now yes, you know what a Harold team is.

But I do.

Wow.

Impro.

We love impro.

Who is your favorite?

My favorite.

Keith Johnstone's impro.

Keith Johnstone's impro is really what I, what we're into in England.

Wow.

But that's not part of my deal at all.

I wouldn't put that in the nutshell at all.

It's quite outside the nutshell.

I am a royal watcher, as you say.

And so that means that I'm sort of a journalist slash maybe you might say gossip columnists, but really more of a journalist.

And in my purview are all of the royals of Europe.

I don't mess around with any of this sort of Far Eastern or Arabian royals.

No, they know sheaks.

None of them know.

No, I simply can't keep track of all that.

What about the, the, the, the guy who put up that hit on that journalist?

Do you mean the, the, the Ayatollah of Iran?

I believe.

Yeah.

Oh, no, no, you mean, I know who you mean.

They're the Jamal.

Yes.

The fellow.

Yes.

No, I won't cover him.

No, he's a.

Don't cover him.

He's some sort of a prince of a, of a, of Arabia, a premium to the.

You're giving, you're bringing this up.

Skye, you're introducing, you're giving this person more oxygen by time.

I, I apologize.

Well, I didn't remember his name at the very least, which is a good sign.

Well, you know, in, in, in British improv, is there a Dell close type guy like a.

Keith John Stu.

John Stu is our Dell close.

Absolutely.

And then some he's our Dell close and our Bernie Salons and our viola Spolin.

The odorless sporen.

Theo Laspolin.

Oh, OK.

Keith Johnstone is all of them wrapped into one.

I don't know that I know Keith Johnson, but so, so you basically, essentially.

An even clearer way to say what you do is you cover the royal families and you report on their comings and goings.

Yes, precisely.

There is an insatiable appetite here in Britain and really around the world for news concerning the royals and I've been supplying it for decades.

Very eagerly.

Wow.

Which decades?

Well, I believe the 2020s.

Yes, yes, yes, for certain and the 2010s.

Is this like a particularly exciting time to be a royal watcher?

Oh, I feel like there has been in the last 20 years an incredible amount of upheaval in this world.

Well, really the best time and I'm afraid I just missed it was was when Princess Diana was about because she was so wonderfully fragile.

Oh, yeah.

And then it was like a porcelain doll that you had to handle with care.

Yes, we're about to be.

There's about to be a Christian Stewart movie about Princess Diana called Spencer that's coming out.

Yes, yes, yes.

I thought it was about Spencer's gifts.

I have to admit, I was really disappointed when I saw the.

I thought it was one.

I thought it was a new Spencer for hire movie, except that it was Princess die as Spencer for hire.

Yeah.

Like a like a private investigator, like ex-military in Boston, solving crime.

I admit, when I watched Spencer for hire, I was disappointed.

He wasn't wearing Spencer's gifts t-shirts.

You know, like t-shirts that said fart machine with like an arrow pointing to himself.

Yes, like FBI federal blueing specter.

Yeah.

My first guess was that it was about Princess Diana and I was right.

Oh, good for you.

Oh, yes.

Well, I mean, as I saw the title, yes, that was my first guess.

So it's an exciting time.

You have a mark all coming in and injecting some new blood and new juice into everything.

Well, precisely.

Yes, this is the absolute best.

New juice.

Yes, new juice.

Just when things were getting stale, you know, suddenly she had to.

She's a breath.

Oh, no, she's mixing it up.

Yeah.

She's wonderful.

Yes, I love her.

This is the most exciting time to watch the royals ever since Diana.

So it's a wonderful.

And I'm not sure.

Well, you won that fateful day that Diana unfortunately took her leave of absence from this earth.

Well, I'd rather not say where I was at that time.

I would remember is when they first heard the news where, yes, of course, I do, of course, and I'd rather not say it.

I don't really.

I don't know.

Far outside the nutshell.

It's far outside the nutshell.

Nearby.

The nutshell.

I was.

It's far outside the nutshell of what of my whole thing.

Well, we're going to have to gradually expand out of the nutshell.

We're going to have to.

We're going to have to move from a peanut shell to like a walnut shell to like a Brazil nut.

Yes.

I really I prefer I prefer not to say.

Yes.

Did you say not to say not to say not to say not to say very clever, but I we're going to circle back around.

Shall we move on?

OK, Byron.

Fine.

That famous British sense of humor.

Yes.

So you you watch the royals and I guess we've talked about this before.

So thank you so much for catching me up.

And what did we talk about the last time you were you were here?

Well, the last time we were here, there was quite a bit going on.

And I must say the reason I'm checking in today is because it's all sort of come to a head in a sort of a sense that that I was telling you all about plan one.

Do you remember plan one?

Yes.

Wasn't this some sort of like it's like an import store ship that was going to take royals off of the earth or something?

Yes, precisely.

Am I going to thinking of peer one?

I'm thinking of peer one.

No.

OK.

Yeah.

Very different.

But no, yes, plan one was a plan in which all of the royals across Europe were going to simply blast themselves off into space, leaving earth behind forever and firing a nuclear missiles at the earth on their way.

Well, I plan it.

Just as a final.

Fuck you.

Yes.

I don't remember.

This is sort of sometimes you'll do something to make sure you don't come home.

You don't come back.

That was kind of in a bell.

But the whole firing nuclear missiles at the earth as you leave part, I don't think we covered less.

That was not tempted to return.

Exactly.

Let us make the old home uninhabitable.

So we're not tempted to go back.

Yes.

Wow.

It was all that was all part of the plan.

You were.

Oh, OK.

Yeah, I kind of remember this and you were doing this recently or.

Well, I just feel.

It's.

Yes.

Well, I don't know how much detail we're going to.

But what?

What was.

Pre-cap previously.

Pre-tune really not for a previously.

Oh, that's true.

I learned about Plan One while I was masquerading as Prince Philip, having having murdered really.

You could only say murdered Prince Philip and put on the prosthetic makeups to pretend to be him for a period of time.

I I heard about Plan One and I became very alarmed about it.

And it turned out that it somehow rather coincided with a rock and roll a whole of fame.

But we wouldn't get into that.

But anyway, my point is that because, as you may know, the rock and roll hold of fame ceremony was was just a couple of nights ago.

Oh, it was it was electric.

I was there in the crowd.

It was.

Oh, were you in Cleveland?

I was there in Cleveland and just all the stars were there.

All the Cleveland stars and then all the rock and roll stars and they coincided.

Wow.

You know, in certain places.

That's exciting.

That's so cool that you get to be.

And that could have been a great opportunity for you to network to get players for our blues band for our Santa.

Definitely.

Like I was chatting up Bruce Springsteen before the show.

I inducted him into the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

When when was that?

Quite a while.

I was a couple years ago.

I think he didn't get in for the first like 13 years he was eligible.

Is that right?

Yeah, they kept him out.

Him and Bon Jovi.

What a crime.

I mean, you were you.

So you were there, Scotty, to see Foo Fighters get him.

I really was.

You know, I just realized if you take the the the J and the V and the I out of Bon Jovi, you have Bono.

Oh, how interesting.

And the V is like six.

So it's like Bon Jovi is six Bonos.

What do you do with the J or is by is is is Bono the sixth version of a bottle?

Oh, yeah.

He's the he's the robot.

Bon Jovi is like, yeah, Bono six.

What happened to Bono's true five?

That's the movie.

What happened to Bono's two through five?

A great title to get me in the door and I whatever happened to Bono's two through five.

I think one of them was the lead singer for the simple minds.

Yes.

And then one of them was Homer for the Simpsons.

One of them was in the movie, the commitment.

One of them was clearly Robin Williams.

Oh, of course.

Yeah.

So, so, OK, so what I think was Larry Mullins, Jr.

Right.

That was tough when they were because they both had to be on stage at the same time.

Yeah.

I think I think I got this clear in my mind, Byron, you you heard about this, this, this spaceship that was going to take off and it was going to take off on Saturday.

Is that what you were saying?

It was going to take off on the idea was, evidently that something was going to happen at the rock and roll hold of fame, that if in fact it did happen, it was going to necessitate the blast off into space of all of the royals.

And so the royals gathered in their spaceship, which as you may recall, is the city hall in the Alphan Arden Rhine in the Netherlands, right, which is actually a spaceship equipped with nuclear missiles.

And and all of the royals.

Yes.

I hear too for unknown nuclear super power, the Netherlands.

Right.

Yes.

And it truly is a building that looks like a spaceship, sort of like those city walk buildings that have the spaceship that have crashed into them.

From what I understand, they did their absolute best to make the building not look like a spaceship, but because it is a spaceship, it just looks like a spaceship.

You know, it can't do.

They paint a big, this is not a spaceship on it or what were well, apparently, they say it on your way in the door.

As soon as you arrive at city hall, they're welcome to city hall.

It's not a spaceship.

Right.

And this way toward our COVID jet point.

What got it?

Got it.

Anyway, all of the royals were gathered there watching a live feed of the rock and roll hall of fame.

And and somehow what what was supposed to happen didn't happen.

And so everyone simply went back to the whole countries.

But for a while there, it was very exciting.

Yeah.

If you don't mind me asking you a question, I seem to remember you changing your tactics from.

Yeah, because.

In personating Prince Philip to instead trying to romance a young royal from Denmark.

Well, I had a couple of different plans going, but you know, you know what?

I settled on finally.

You may recall Princess Amelia, who is a Spencer, in fact, and not a princess, but nonetheless was invited onto the spaceship.

Right.

Amelia of Spencer Lady Amelia.

She was engaged to some fellow who goes by the Grizz and.

Oh, the Grizz now him.

I remember he was delightful.

Oh, man, that guy.

I loved having him on the show.

He was on the same episode as you.

One of my best friends.

He was.

Yes.

Yes, he wants.

Oh, that's so weird.

I remember him distinctly.

Oh, yes.

Anything.

Well, nobody beats the Grizz.

Nobody beats the Grizz.

I loved you when he would say that.

Yes, yes.

I see you're both wearing your nobody beats the Grizz T-shirt.

Yes, we are.

You are.

Well, I I forgot that little belly shirts to be fair.

They're obviously you're not seeing down below.

Stand up.

Let's have a.

Yes, they are.

Belly shows.

How strange.

Yeah.

I have a new belly button piercing.

I wanted to show off.

Wonderful.

But what ended up happening is that yes, I should have I really should have pursued Lady Elizabeth that the Thurnan Texas.

But instead I I was so caught up in the rivalry between me and the Grizz that I ended up formally challenging him to a duel with.

Oh, wow.

For the hand of Lady Amelia and.

And do you challenge him to a duel and then you picked swords or was it?

Hey, I'm challenging you to a sword duel.

Like were you that specific because you're good at swords?

Well, I'm that specific because I thought it was the chivalrous thing to do.

Not really because I'm particularly good at swords.

Oh, did you do the slap him in the face with a glove thing?

I did.

Of course I did.

Of course.

Yes.

What what glove did you pick because you know how when they pick a very special Bible when you're being inaugurated to president, you know, like, Oh, I have Lincoln's Bible.

Did you get Michael Jackson's glove or?

Oh, wow.

Yes, and it was terrible because you know, they buried him with it and so it was very difficult.

You have to assume MJ.

I shouldn't go into any of these.

They buried in a separate little tiny coffin.

No good glove shaped coffin, which is also the shape of a Thanksgiving turkey.

People don't know.

But there it really looks more like the hamburger helper, really, when you get to it.

But it's he's buried in a whole sort of Egyptian tune that bubbles the chimpanzee is down there and the glove is in its own box and there's all kinds of things down there.

And of course, the elephant man, he's buried embracing his bones.

Yeah.

Yes, yes, yes.

Where did they bury the element?

The element man.

Something element man.

I think you have a Ralph DeBant is natural enemy element.

No, the elephant man, where did they bury his flesh if his bones were somewhere else in an elephant graveyard?

Oh, wow.

Now per his request.

Anyhow, you know, you know, his bones, they don't have tusks.

Really?

Yes, someone I think poached to them.

I believe there was a poacher.

Now Byron, you keep saying anyhow or anyway, is that like your catchphrase or I suppose it is becoming my catchphrase, but only by necessity, it almost feels as though we're not letting you get to something that you're trying to say.

Perhaps, perhaps, well, maybe I'll stop trying then.

Oh, no, no, no, please, please let us, let us teary no further.

Let us get out of your way.

What it was quite all right.

I only wanted to tell you that is that when we got to the city hall, how did you get in the thing, though, is what we were asking?

I didn't know.

You were the lady of Amelia.

You challenged Chris to do all.

Yes, yes, yes.

Well, it was difficult to get in, but what I had to do was I had to file a lawsuit in the Netherlands and, um, and filed the paperwork there in the city hall and then hide that.

So in other words, I got there several days before and I fake bogus lawsuit against someone.

Well, not really.

As it as it turns out, I had taken a boat cruise in the Netherlands and was very dissatisfied with the food.

And so I had a legitimate lawsuit.

I felt that's right.

You can sue someone for being dissatisfied with food in the Netherlands.

In the Netherlands.

Yes.

In the Netherlands, you can.

Yeah.

They have what's called, um, I didn't care for it suits.

Oh, OK.

Where if you don't like a thing and that can, that can be food.

It can also be an experience or a movie or something.

Yeah, I didn't care.

You can sue an ex.

I didn't, you know what?

I didn't care for this relationship.

I'm suing you.

I got to move there.

They have the most jammed up court system in the entire world.

It sort of functions as a bureaucratic Yelp.

But in any case, I went there several days prior and file this.

Had you won the duel?

I just I got to get back to it.

I think that's what we're getting.

Yes.

I see.

Oh, the duel is coming.

I'm sorry.

I thought that you would go forward to it and not.

OK.

Got it.

This is like pop fiction.

I'm just very confused with the time.

Nonlinear storytelling.

Oh, God.

Not on purpose.

And perhaps it wasn't on purpose and pulp fiction either.

But anyway, do you think he just the movie came out and he was like, oh, but it was fucked up to put it back in order.

Terrible.

Miss these reels.

Oh, fuck off.

I go fuck.

What a mess.

I love that movie because, you know, Bruce Willis played Santa Claus in that.

People don't know.

Wait a minute.

Is it had a clause in that?

She has to re write.

We got to rewrite.

Yeah, we got to rewrite this.

So you know, not during the Christmas.

We're working.

We're currently working on a Santa Bruce Willis as Santa Claus playing blues harmonica movie that's pretty like taking off pretty quickly.

Oh, he'll never do it.

He's he's done Santa Claus.

But anyway, I filed the lawsuit there at the city hall and then I hid in a closet and I waited until the 30th.

And so I I then I burst out and dramatically challenged the gris to a duel slapping him with a glove that I stole out of the grave of Michael Jackson and presenting him with two swords, one of which he could choose.

And the other way I would have.

And and if only I had had in my mind those words, nobody beats the gris.

I think I might not have done that at all.

Yeah, I mean, eat.

Yeah, right there on the packaging.

Nobody beats the gris.

Yeah, it's tough.

Yeah.

So we can only assume that you lost the duel.

Not only did I lose it, but as you may be able to see, I have I have your half shirt too.

I'm wearing a half shirt only because I have part of a sword sticking out of my abdomen.

Whoa.

And I know it looks gnarly.

When you say part of a sword, that's like that's nine tenths of a sword sticking out of your.

Well, I did.

I cut off the the it was just becoming unwieldy, but I have been told that I if I remove it, I will bleed to death.

And so I feel like you I mean, first of all, thank you for making time to do the show.

Yes.

But I think you should go to a hospital.

I have, you know, that's on my mind and it's on my list of things to do.

But I have not the job.

So interesting.

Over there, you guys have such a different relationship to to medical, medical, medical attention and chores in general.

Yeah.

You have a list of things you have to do and you'll get to it.

It's so proper.

Yes.

Well, I but it's just been such an exciting week.

I have so many stories to file to my blog.

All about what's going on here, but it's incredible.

So you're hiding there in the closet, J Leno style and you jump out of the closet.

I don't even want to say like who, but certainly not J Leto style.

And and you slap him with Michael Jackson's glove.

He runs you through with this sword that you provided him.

I if I were you, I would have taken one sword and said, find your own thing.

Oh, well, this is all about the gentlemanly thing to do.

Yes.

You know, a duel is, you know, everybody has to, it's got to be above board, you know, well, I mean, there are quite a few.

Did people show up to watch the duel?

Like it was it an event?

Yeah.

Were they watching the Shana or the, what was it?

The Rock and Roll Hall of Fame live feed where they were they mainly focused on that because that meant that they had to take off or.

Well, no, this was before the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame ceremony began.

But what I did not know, gentlemen, is that there were in fact here at the city hall, there were going to be several duels and contests for the hand of various unmarried royals because you see, well, everybody's got to assume that's their only way out of off Earth.

Yes, precisely.

Did they hear about it on this show?

I think they may have.

It did seem that way.

You really think that this shows that popular?

I don't think so.

I mean, you know, I'm certain.

I'm not thinking about it in other ways.

Human race showed up, but I mean, I'll be honest, I suspect more people read Byron Destin's blog.

I would imagine like a few plumbers showed up, you know, or garbage men.

A bunch of janitors who were taking the day off from listening to action, boys.

The Royal Roundup.co.uk.

Check it out.

That's the blog.

Ah.

But anyway, yes, Princess Elizabeth of Belgium had five different suitors and a sort of a battle royal and fighting it out hand to hand combat.

Princess Elizabeth of Thurn and Texas had a couple of older gentlemen there.

Queen Elizabeth herself, it had come down to an elimination between Jim Broadbent and You're going to say Jim Belushi and Jim Belushi.

What? Oh, you did say Jim Belushi.

The duel of gyms?

Yes.

It was Jim Broadbent versus Jim Belushi in the final round of fighting for the head.

Whoever wins, we lose.

What do you mean by that?

I don't know.

Is this the plot of the last duel?

It may be.

I don't know that.

So who won that one?

That was a sort of a draw and they decided to become a sort of a throuple.

And it was, it was just like that's all right.

Well, that's the gentlemanly way to end a duel.

I enjoy that.

If only that had happened for you, I mean.

Yes, no, it didn't at all.

The grid simply picked up his sword and said, have we started?

And I said, well, I, and then by the time I just ran you down at my stomach, it was already.

It's him.

Like, I loved him.

He like, he's, he's so great.

The Chris.

Oh, the gris is the best.

Yes.

Well, I don't think so only because he'd stabbed me with a sword.

And so, well, I mean, you did challenge him to a duel.

I did.

You have to respect the fact that he really showed up.

He wasn't even planning to do that day, but he came and he he came.

He saw his concert.

Yes.

He came.

So he came the concert.

You're right.

And he did it.

He did it.

Yes.

But of course, it all there was no reason really to have done any of it in the event because we watched the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

So they let you stick around and watch.

They there was really no one who was willing to carry me anywhere.

And so it was, I'm sure it would be difficult for you to fit into a car with the sword sticking out your side.

It's like when you're moving and you have like a hockey stick or something, you know, yes, not heavy, but unwieldy.

Yeah.

Yes.

There was a coming home from Ikea.

You know, you got to get very creative with the geometry.

It's got to be.

You must be in a tremendous amount of pain.

Oh, yes.

There was that.

I was told many times through the night to shut up.

But really I was left there on the floor.

You just wailed in the background while they tried to watch the simulcast of the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

I did.

I I'm very much wanted a glass of water for an English person to say shut up, by the way.

That's usually it's like silence all that catawalling or something like that.

But for them to just like silence all that catawalling.

Lay it there and say shut up.

You know, they started out phrasing it a bit more elegantly.

But by the end of the night, it was really shut up.

Shut up.

Somebody shut him up.

Shit.

I was I was told to stuff a stocking in it.

Was no way.

Oh, wow.

Stuff was stocking in it.

So well, that's that's great.

I'm glad that well, I guess primarily I'm glad that the the spaceship didn't take off and and fire nuclear weapons at Earth.

That's there.

I mean, thank you.

Thank God.

I know it all sort of in some way came down to what was going to happen at that rock and roll Hall of Fame of the details of which I'm hazy on.

But yeah, well, if only there were someone here who could tell us, you know, what was going to happen.

I remember I sort of remember talking about it on a previous show with a guest.

It was a guest to think he was a surfer or something like that.

And his he had some sort of meat based name.

Oh, it was that meat that Mitt Romney likes.

Oh, is this the fellow that.

Oh, there's there's a phrase that conjures him.

Yeah.

One of the people who was a chap.

I can't remember the phrase, but I remember his name, which is hot dog.

Right.

But I.

Oh, I think I think it is what's up.

I think that's what's up.

Oh, yeah.

Wait.

Hot dog.

Oh, coming very close.

Does it matter if it's split between two people?

Well, I don't know.

Let's find out.

Yeah.

Well, Byron, great to see you.

Of course, we're certainly not going to say the phrase, the pays, which is, of course, what's up hot dog.

Oh, hot dog.

What's up, you guys?

It's me.

Hot dog.

Whoa.

Hey, hot dog.

Well, you guys conjured me.

All right.

I've always had to be conjured.

Huh?

Hot dog, you're just in time for us to take a break.

OK, that's great.

Why did you conjure me right before a break?

I don't know.

I'm sorry.

Can you stick around?

Do you want to do the ads?

You know what?

One of these days I'm going to have to figure out how someone can un-conjure me.

Are you able to like ignore a conjuring the way you can ignore a call on the phone?

No, I ignore all the conjuring movies.

Exactly.

What if it's a mix of clicks rules where it's you say what's up hot dog backwards?

We did a job.

God poo.

That's interesting.

Now that's pretty and this is pretty interesting that what's up hot dog backwards is God poo.

Oh, wait.

No, it's God God God.

God.

Doc God.

OK, we'll figure it out.

But look, we have to figure out after this after these.

I'm going to have to run this through the computer and figure out what this is backwards.

Mr. Mixoplix.

What's up hot dog?

All right.

When we come back, we're going to come back with Jason Manzukas and we'll have, of course, Byron, you can stick around, I hope.

Yes, I think I can stick around.

OK, great.

And hot dog is here.

I should get to the hospital.

I should get to the hospital, but I'll stick around for one more.

Yeah, we'll do it.

This is, we don't let everyone check your podcast running time right now.

There's probably only an hour, hour 15 left on the show.

We'll be right back with more Jason Manzukas, more Byron Dennis and then hot dog.

We'll be right back with more comment.

After this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

Jason Manzukas is here, of course.

Oh, yeah.

Where else would he be but here?

And we have Byron Dennis is here and he's you're turning a purplish gray if I might give you a note.

Can someone give notes on a human being?

It's really not.

It's quite frowned upon to give notes on appearance.

You're appearing.

Make comments on my videos.

Starting to appear cadaverous.

Ah, I see.

Would you describe me as pallid?

Pallid is great.

Yes.

Zombie like very akin to the Michael Jackson thriller video, which I'm sure you saw and got very excited by that glove.

Yes, that was really when I fell in love with the glove and said, I must have it at any cost.

And then how long did it take you?

It took several decades.

A long time.

You know, yes, I of course I tried to take it from him while he was still alive.

Oh, right.

There were several hijinks and escapades and.

Yes, heists of glove heists.

Yes, you do know that I was Martin Beshear's cameraman.

You heard the news about the vitiligo right away.

I did.

I had to keep my tongue on so many.

Wait, isn't that isn't he the same journalist?

Yeah, the Spencer with the yes that also did the Princess Dianger.

Yes.

Yes, he did.

Yes.

So that's so that's always so you were there for the Princess Dienerivus and happened to be there.

I'd rather not discuss that.

How close did you come to that glove then?

During the Michael Jackson interview, I came so, so close to it.

Because of course, at some point, Martin Beshear said, may we see the glove?

Did you have a dummy glove that you're going to swap out like Indiana Jones with the sandbag?

I did.

But there was a moment where I was looking at the real glove and holding my dummy glove in my hand and about to swap them.

And I thought, no, these look nothing alike.

Oh, really?

What did it look like?

I really thought it was I thought a glove is a glove.

It was a gardening glove.

It was something that I had bought it lose.

And.

Wow. Yeah, that's very different.

It was very different.

Did you ever come close to O.J. Simpson's glove?

Well, you know, I was one of the alternate jurors in that case.

Oh, wow.

Yes.

Were you a US resident at the time?

I was not a US resident.

You don't have to be to be an alternate.

Oh, OK, but why would they ever have you as an alternate if you couldn't be bumped up to the majors?

Yeah, if you can't be if you can't fulfill your core system, I guess, it's crazy.

I guess, you know, it's broken.

It's broken.

It's terrible.

They need reform every time the jury fell out.

They said, well, I hope we don't get down to the people who aren't even citizens.

Were you the one telling that juror to wear a Star Trek uniform, hoping that they would get booted and you could get the call?

Well, this is a that was a different trial, in fact.

Oh, what was that?

That was something to do with Bill Clinton, I believe.

Oh, that's right.

From my understanding, I'm sorry.

I'm conflating my my trials trials from that era.

But you know, I think were you hoping to get the the O.J.

Simpson glove?

Because you wanted the Michael Jackson glove and there was only one and you needed two gloves.

What was the?

No, I it's a convoluted plan, really.

But I thought if I if I get my hands on the O.J. Simpson glove, maybe that's closer to the Michael Jackson glove and could be the decoy in any event.

They're very different.

They're also very.

I wonder if there's anybody who collects celebrity gloves.

Yeah.

Who do we have?

We have, you know, probably a famous outfielder like.

Oh, like a baseball glove, I'm sure that that I'm sure is a thing.

Yeah.

I'm that's different.

I mean, like just gloves that people like Rex Harrison's gloves in my.

Yes.

This is this is, you know, exactly Marlene Dietrich's glove, you know, you know, there was a period where Luke Skywalker wore one glove.

Yes.

Oh, that's right.

Was that to cover up his his like in a world where there's robots running around.

He had the vanity to cover up his his robot hand.

But it wasn't a robot hand because the hand had like flesh on it.

I think it was to remind us that he had a robot.

I think I felt like it was to remind us that it was a robot.

OK, I can understand the filmmaker's purpose, but what was his reason for it?

Like I don't want anyone to see my terrible terrible.

And if you're going to wear one, we're two, you know, why not wear both?

Yeah.

If you're going to wear a glove, why not just be a glove wearing.

Maybe it was so that lightsaber wouldn't slip out of his hand.

Gentlemen, I think you have found the one flaw in return of the Jedi.

Are you a Trekkie or are you a Star Wars-y?

I don't care for either of the nearly science fiction I care about.

It's Doctor Who.

Oh, of course.

The Doctor.

Yes, the good doctor.

You excited about Russell Davies coming back?

At no.

No, why not?

Those were good years.

The terrible years.

He's an asshole.

Why?

He's a that Russell Davies is a complete asshole.

Wait, Russell T Davies.

Is that his name?

It doesn't matter what his middle name.

What is your what's your preferred era of Doctor Who?

I my preferred era of Doctor Who was the one that wore the scarf.

The big long scarf.

Yeah.

And of course, Jody Whitaker.

Look, but the thing is, I really don't like to know the name of the.

It's Doctor Who to me.

That's right.

The seventh doctor, the eighth doctor.

That's how you.

Yes, of course.

Interesting.

Why did you bring me here?

Why did you come to?

Oh, I totally forgot.

Hot dog is here.

I have no idea what you guys conjured me.

But to see here, I have this long conversation about bullshit.

I really got to go.

So sorry.

I totally forgot you were here.

I got a lot of things I got to do, man.

What are you?

Man, we really got into it with Byron after you're like, you know, spending so much time with him.

We really do do doggy and again.

Yeah.

Well, I know it's like every conversation with him is a new conversation to me.

So it's you, I remember.

And we have such history and.

So that's nice to hear.

Yeah.

But I remember you guys too.

Thank you.

So hot dog.

Great to see you, man.

Like what's great to be here.

Now you, I suspect have had a pretty impactful 24 to 48 hours.

It's even been longer than that, man.

It's been crazy.

My life has been crazy lately.

Really?

When you were before we conjured you, where were you?

Well, I was at the Shauna Naha house as a matter of fact.

Oh, the compound.

Yeah.

And I was just taking a world of shit.

As a matter of fact, I was just a man.

They were just taking turns.

Jibalushi sized world of shit.

I was taking a jibalushi sized world of shit, man.

It was bad.

Those guys are real mad at me, man.

Real man.

What happened?

Cause the last time we saw you, yeah, essentially, if I could not shell it, you were.

Your goal is to get Shauna Naha, the band, the 50s, Airsats 50s tribute band.

Shauna Naha inducted into the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

They've been eligible for now for decades, at least.

It's been a long time.

And you know, they invented the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

Shauna Naha invented the rock and roll Hall of Fame in a song that they wrote.

They wrote a song in 1977 called the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

And that's the first time anybody ever heard about a rock and roll Hall.

The ultimate indignity, of course.

So you think that's what you think Jan Wenner heard that song and was like, yeah, we're doing it.

Yes, of course.

And not only that, but they predicted the rock and roll Hall of Fame in that song.

And therefore it's a prophecy.

Right.

Oh, that's right.

Because you believe that all of their song lyrics are prophecies.

Oh, I know that they are.

And if that prophecy comes true, then they will all come true.

And there will be teenagers and we will find out who wrote the book of love.

And everybody will get a job.

Slaves, of course.

And the book of love is the fiery book that God has written of all of the course of human events.

Yeah.

I'm not saying it's going to be fun, but it's the rapture, essentially.

It's the rapture man at the end times and all that has to happen to trigger it is for Sean and I to be inducted into the rock and roll Hall of Fame is the prophecy dictates, man.

Right.

So you've been you've been hard at that.

I remember a couple of years ago, you tried to get listeners of this show to petition the rock and roll Hall of Fame to get Sean and I inducted.

And there was a petition.

I believe they did.

Yeah.

There was a petition that went around and it wasn't successful.

It was totally unsuccessful.

Not even 0% success.

Once again, proving how little reach this show has we can't even perhaps I should do it on my blog.

You know, I'm willing to put it on my blog.

I mean, that might be that might be the move.

At this point, I guess the rock and roll Hall of Fame is uninterested in whatever, you know, gross plumbers and, you know, janitors have to say they would prefer English people, I guess.

Everyone would.

I mean, it's worth a try.

I would try anything at this point because I thought this.

We really cracked it.

So the second thing we tried to do, you might remember, was I tried to have the year, the doobie brothers were being inducted.

I swapped out one by one, all the members of the doobie brothers with Shana.

Not because incredibly enough, it's the same number.

There's the exact same number of doobie brothers as members of Shana.

Now, right.

So I mean, look, they should be looking into that.

How far up did you get?

Did you get all the way to the top?

Michael McDonald?

I don't.

Yes.

Well, I have to be honest with you.

I don't remember why that one didn't work.

Yeah.

Somehow that it was complicated and it didn't work out.

Yeah.

And then this year I thought you had had an airtight plan, which is we all, of course, we all got up early three in the morning, made a pot of coffee.

The morning that the rock and roll Hall of Fame nominees were announced.

It was the inductees were the nominees and then the inductees.

Yeah.

The inductees.

Yeah.

And we all were just, you know, so excited and a buzz with anticipation that this would be Shana and Azir.

And then when we took a look at the list, who was on the list for this year?

It was a good list.

It was Carol King, the Go-Go's, the Foo Fighters, a band called Todd Rungren.

And somebody named Jay Z and then there was Tina Turner.

Right.

And so Shana was a good list, and they were nowhere to be found on this list, unfortunately.

So what I love about you, Hot Dog is you, you took a look at that and you were like, you know what?

I got some shitty lemons.

Let's make some, some Jim Belushi sized lemonade out of it.

I had a great idea, even better than my Dubu brother's idea, which was a great idea.

Right.

And so your plan was, if I recall, and please tell me if I'm getting any part of this incorrect was, you know, I will, you had the members of Shana.

And legally change their name to Tina Turner.

Well, I don't want to.

And yeah, exactly.

The individual members kept their own names, but the name of the band changed from Shana Na to Tina Turner.

And you had found some sort of loophole where Tina Turner had not copyrighted her name.

Is that what it was?

At not as a band name.

Yeah.

She, that was a real loophole in there.

Protected as an individual.

Exactly, exactly.

Any band could call themselves Tina Turner.

She really fucked up.

And Tina Turner conversely could call herself any band.

If Tina Turner wanted to change her name to Rush, she could do it.

Rush Limbaugh.

She probably could do that.

Why not?

He's not using it anymore.

Rest in peace, rest in peace.

Rush Limbaugh is a far right wing rush cover band.

They changed all of the lyrics to right wing things.

Yes, to right wing.

Big money is the only way to go.

Dark money donations for my show.

Yeah.

So you figured out this loophole and you said, OK, here's what I'm going to do.

You, you take over from here.

OK, so I said, guys, I held a band meeting at the Shana Na house.

How long did it take to get everyone together?

It takes a long time because you know what?

This is going to shock people.

It certainly shocked me.

But the members of Shana Na all pretty much have day jobs.

They took me.

They got a job.

I just think just like to, you know, give back to the community by.

They also must at this point be pretty old.

Oh, these guys are all, yeah, they're in their mid 70s.

That's true.

Yeah, it's true.

But anyway, I summoned them all to the Shana Na house.

And they came and I was like, guys, here's the plan.

We're going to change the name of the band to Shana Na.

Oh, no, wait, it's already that.

And then we're going to change the name of the band.

Do they almost get get up and walk away when you got confused like that?

Like, yeah, they were mad.

They were like, you fucking idiot.

That's already the name of our band.

And then I had to run out to the driveway and guys, guys, come back.

Get in front of their cars and stop.

You know what I'll say that's really, you know, sometimes you look at your place in life and you realize how far you've come, even though it doesn't feel as though you have really.

Uh-huh. Think just those so many years ago, Hot Dog, you were busily just trying to even audition for Shana Na.

I know you can summon them.

And now you can you can go to the Shana Na house and talk to them as peers and get them to change the name of the band.

Like you have come so far.

I have.

I mean, I left out a couple of details like I am the caretaker of the Shana Na house.

And to summon them, I had to tell them that we have a critical leak in the roof.

And, uh, and I, I summoned each of the middle leaders.

Sounds like Jim Belushi.

Jesus.

Please don't anyone tell Jim Belushi.

We're talking about him on the show.

I don't want to hear about it.

He's he now from what I heard.

Uh, actually, I don't know this news, but to you.

Yes, I know it's, it's, um, well, you guys are really on a very similar way to each other.

Yes.

Yeah.

I know some of the things he knows that I don't know.

I, uh, Jim Belushi is now, he's living in Buckingham Palace with Jim Broadbent and the Queen because they didn't go through, they didn't get married, even though they're not going into space.

And he's, he's stuck.

He's really stuck.

Good for him.

Prince Jim Prince Jim.

Yes.

By the way, there's a movie called the Prince Jim.

Do you think we're now wanted to do accordion to Jim and like a parody TV show?

He's done parody songs.

He should do parody TV shows.

That's a good idea.

It's a great idea.

You should say you should record.

You should tell him that you'll produce it.

Accordion to Jim.

I don't want to lose that much money.

How much money do you want to lose?

Yeah.

What are you thinking you want to lose?

When a show is bad, they take money from you, right?

Yeah.

Absolutely.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Sure they do.

So where was I?

Oh, when I finally got him back in the house, I said, here's what we're going to do.

Change the name of the band to Tina Turner.

And then when they announced Tina Turner at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame, the band is going to go up there and collect the honor.

And then as long as they can beat Tina Turner to the stage, that's all it would take is be Tina Turner to the stage.

Now, were you were you trying to prep them for this?

Because as we discussed before, Tina Turner has those long legs, those long, powerful legs and the Shana.

Now guys are very old.

Like there might be moving slowly right now.

The Tina Turner's older.

I looked it up.

Tina Turner is 81 years old.

That's all.

Wow.

So were you doing wind sprints with them?

We did.

We did wind sprints and we practiced with a practical trophy.

And we a practical trophy.

And but the other thing that we did, and this was the hardest thing is I got every one of them jobs there in Cleveland at the Rocket Mortgage Field House in catarweighters as stage hands and security guards and cater waders.

So every member Shana had a job backstage at the Rock and Roll at the World in some ways you're already making the prophecy come true.

Yeah.

You know, you've already gotten them all a job.

Oh, oh, that's true.

But that's only one aspect of the prophecy.

Yeah.

Of course.

Yeah.

All of them have like breakaway costumes so that, you know, once they got on stage, they were in tuxedos, you know, or tearaway, I guess, tearaway clothing.

Yeah.

Or or when they tore away their clothes, are they wearing like blue jeans and a white t-shirt with cigarettes rolled up in the sleeve?

That would be so embarrassing if like, and I have this dream almost every night where I feel like I'm wearing a tearaway clothes to reveal my costume underneath and then I'm not wearing anything underneath and I'm like embarrassed that I'm naked suddenly because of my tearaway clothing.

That's it.

Do you have that dream all the time?

Every night?

I mean, I'm sorry, man.

I mean, it just I mean, it just says that you probably feel bad about your body.

I don't want to brag, but it's actually because every item of clothing I wear is tearaway.

So that it just feels like you're feeding the dream.

Yeah, I just I have that kind of money where I can't afford tearaway clothing.

So OK, that's like a level of wealth that I don't understand.

I don't understand why at a certain point all rich people make all their clothes tear away just because we if we're ever in a situation where we want to be disguised as someone else, but then hop on stage in a tuxedo or something, you know, I can answer this as someone who has spent a long time watching very wealthy people through their windows and whatnot.

But the point is that very, very wealthy people don't want to bother with things like buttons and zippers.

They're above it.

Fasteners are beneath them.

Yeah.

So they any time I would zip up my pants in my previous, you know, like my my first 30 years of my life, it would just be like so boring.

Well, that's what like, you know, with the the the the royals of of the past had dressers, people who would do button and and and zip them into all of this news.

Do you know Byron?

No, no, no, no, no.

Of course, I know all about the dresses.

And the reason they're not around now is that too many of them were just giggling as soon as the the royal would get out of their clothes.

It was a real problem.

They don't show it on the now.

They're not having up their naked bodies.

Yes.

And so you say there's sort of unbuttoning and undoing the fasteners and then and then as soon as the boobs come out, it's all.

And the royal simply had enough.

It's just immaturity.

Yes, it is.

It's like we all have boobs.

Yeah.

All of them.

They are.

And they all come tumbling out.

They all come tumbling out.

Um, well, um, so hot dog, what happens because this is an airtight plan.

As far as I'm concerned, I know it's genius.

It might be your best, most diabolical plan.

I think it probably was.

Yes.

It was a really good plan.

Well, the so the first sign of trouble came when the Sean and I did their gig at the Wild Rose Casino in Emmitsburg, Iowa, and they were billed for the first time ever as Tina Turner.

Legally, you had to.

Are you?

Yeah.

Well, cause that was, and it was a mistake that I made.

I had them legally change their name to Tina Turner as a band, not realizing that they had this gig right before the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

And so it's so people show up expecting to hear proud Mary and what's love got to do with it.

The, the, the theater at the Wild Rose Casino in Emmitsburg, Iowa holds 1200 people and they had 20,000 people show up and they were furious that the people that took the stage was not Tina Turner, you know, the Tina Turner they expected.

And it didn't help that I, cause at some point they were like, get out there and do something.

I got on there and was like, this is Tina Turner.

You are seeing Tina Turner.

Check the paperwork, man.

Well, but I mean, again, not to just harp on this, but you were on stage with with Sean on a, you weren't a member.

I'm not talking.

This is a life's dream come true in some ways, you know, you were putting out fires and you were being pelted with a garbage, I would imagine.

That's true.

But I had to jog alongside the tour bus at that night.

Mm.

So, so the tour bus goes at a jogging pace.

How does it never get any very fast?

The Sean on our mobile is an old car, man.

It doesn't go that fast or you can jog alongside of it, but it's not pleasant.

All the way back to the Radisson is in and Bowser drives at a very slow pace.

Bowser has not been in the band for a long time.

He's out.

So many times with hot dog.

Yes.

He's the only one I remember downtown Michael Brown drives the Sean on our mobile.

Okay.

And is he always driving just in the vicinity of downtown?

Is that one of his special powers?

He knows where downtown is.

Well, you have to.

You cannot get a hotel anywhere other than downtown.

And hopefully the venue is in downtown because he just gets lost.

If you go uptown or in the, or in the boonies, not his field of expertise.

That's right.

So, so that was the first thing.

Did that tip off the first Tina Turner Tina Turner Mark one?

It made the, it made the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame and Tina Turner's camp kind of aware that something was going on.

And so they put on their radar heightened level of vigilance.

And this part of the story is crazy, but we had, I don't know if you remember this cowboy.

He's a cowboy.

Oh, oh, the author, Dalton Wilkopf.

We have on the show.

Some of us.

You're thinking of Dalton Wilkopf, the podcast, the podcast.

He's a cowboy.

He is a cowboy.

Yeah.

He's a cowboy.

He's a podcast host.

He had come to be in, in cahoots with us.

I'm not sure how, but he said he could come to be in cahoots with our plan.

You'd have to ask him how that came about.

But anyway, so he was a really important guy because he was the guy who was going to prevent Tina Turner from getting to the stage.

Oh, how was, yeah, how was he going to do that?

He wasn't on your side.

I know he wasn't, but then he came to be.

Huh?

He came to be.

You might want to ask him about it.

I don't know if there's a way to summon Dalton Wilkopf.

I can't, I don't remember.

Is there.

But they're going to have to help me with that one.

If you text him, he might just come by.

Oh, I feel like I feel like he's, I know him to be in the area because he's, I think signing books.

Probably.

And I was listening to a podcast recently.

It was an Andy Richter's backyard.

So at least I know he's in LA.

Oh, right, right, right.

So you just give him a text and see if he'll come by.

But anyway, they.

So as soon as he stepped up to Tina Turner, they were, they had a heightened state of vigilance because of what went down at the Wild Rose Casino.

And they, they became a real battle.

And it was like a lot of people got hurt and several people died.

There was a gun battle and a wooden stake battled backstage.

Wooden stake.

A wooden stake.

That was a vampire.

I guess some somebody.

Well, that's Dalton for you.

That somebody was a vampire back there.

Wait, was Dalton there or no?

Yes, he was there.

OK, so that makes sense because he's by the way, I'm actually killing vampire.

I texted Dalton and asked him to show up if he can.

So I don't know if he's going to, but I definitely texted him.

So he probably won't.

Yeah, I don't want.

I don't know.

It's hard getting ahold of him.

It's the last minute.

Yeah. And he's he's he's been busy taping his own podcast, bananas for Bonanza, the confusingly titled show.

I don't know that title makes sense to me.

Does that make sense to you, Byron?

It's very, it's very hard.

It would be very hard to just hear it said and then try and find it.

No, I think it's great.

I think almost anyone would try every vowel after the B.

Yeah, that's right.

You would if the first one didn't work.

You'd go.

I have to say, by the way, I guess I also forgot to unlock this door.

I mean, we just conjured you, hot dog, and you just appeared.

So let me unlock the door over here and see if you should also I you should unlock the gates as well.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

Because I'm almost positive you locked them.

That is podcast etiquette.

Always unlock the gates.

All right.

So here we go.

Let me just come over here, unlock the door.

Hey, goddamn it.

I'm waiting out here behind your damn door.

For who long?

What do you do in texting somebody and then keeping your door lock when they show up to respond to you?

You say, come on over here real fast.

We need your help understanding something and not.

I apologize.

I apologize, Dalton.

I know in the old West, they didn't even have door locks.

So they did doors would swing both ways.

Saloon doors.

Everything was saloon doors.

That right.

The only door in the old West was a saloon door.

Everybody knows that.

That's what I'm used to.

I pushed on it and it didn't move.

I beg your pardon.

I, Dalton, thank you so much for coming.

I by the way, Hot Dog is here and Byron Deniston over here.

Oh, yeah.

What's up, you guys?

Oh, good.

Hello, Dalton.

Uh, Dalton, we have to take a break.

I'm glad you came.

You can't just take time for me right before a break.

That's the thing he does that.

He does it.

I don't know why.

He sends you a power play.

It's a power play.

And by the way, when they come back from break, they're going to talk to somebody else for a long time before they talk to you.

You just get sick there.

When we come back, we'll have more with Byron Deniston.

That's going to be great.

Wonderful.

And also we made check in with Hot Dog and Dalton Wilcox over here.

Plus, Jason Manzukas will be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

I don't know.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

Jason Manzukas is here, of course, next to his favorite possessions, his many sweaters.

And I don't know what that means since we're here in the studio, but we also have.

And we got.

Is that a catchphrase?

Is that a submitted catchphrase?

We have to.

I remember another guy who had a sweater themed entertainment career.

He had like an album nine sweaters.

Nine of them, I believe.

But.

Who's that?

I don't know.

Excuse me, Dalton, we're not talking to you.

I want to I want to welcome back Byron Deniston.

Yes.

Hello, gentlemen.

I want to be you.

Very good to be here.

Yes.

Do you know I can I have a rigomortis is set in in my left arm.

Oh, wow.

That's exciting.

I've never experienced that.

So I neither have I.

Yeah, I think it must have something to do with the sword in my abdomen.

If I absolutely don't know that, you know, that's a direct causation or correlation.

But yeah, I would you are looking you are now looking very unwell.

You know, you're you've turned from the grave to actually now like bluish.

Yes.

Well, well, didn't worry not because I have just by use of my a smartphone made an appointment with the doctor for Thursday afternoon.

Oh, good.

OK, that's OK.

OK, that's this this Thursday.

I think this Thursday.

Let me just say I just don't know how the medical system there works.

Jason might be.

Oh, it's next Thursday.

Next Thursday.

I was going to say Jason might talk to Bruce Willis before you even see a doctor.

So yeah, oh, well, good.

Trying to get him into a room with Bruce Willis by Thursday.

So oh, no, he'll he'll he'll he'll never do the picture.

No, he's already he's already done Santa.

And that's what they think.

You can really do Santa once.

Miss was that out of order that movie because it all took place on Christmas Eve and Christmas and it was that obscure that fact or.

Yes, yes.

Yes.

Oh, thank you.

Nothing.

Yes, and the thing in the briefcase was Christmas present.

This is a new style, by the way, of yes, yes.

And yes, I like this.

Well, that's Keith, John Stern.

That's what I'm all about.

That's classic John.

Yes, hey, job to page of yes.

Yes, yes.

We also have hot dog here.

Hello, hot dog.

What's up?

Hey, do do do do do do.

Whoa.

That's right.

Did you hit him with a dip, do when you went up there to to quell the crowd about Tina Turner?

No, man, I was told not to do that.

I was I was told you may not under any circumstances sing when you were up there.

You were up there to solve this problem that you caused.

And I really wanted to you know I wanted to.

Oh, hell yeah.

I know, of course.

I was told I could not.

And of course, how was the dinner when you were there at the the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?

And man, they spared no expense there.

Were they like stakes in the shape of guitars?

Yeah, man.

It was a rock and roll positive salad.

I imagine you start with like a T bone and then you sort of like do an indentation for the the the leg rest part of the guitar.

Yeah, they waste a lot of meat.

You know what I mean?

They should have just served and they they string them up with spaghetti.

Yeah, it's just spaghetti across the stakes.

Yeah, strands of spaghetti across the cake.

Oh, that sounds delicious.

Yes, yes.

And yes.

Really, really good.

Yeah.

And then there's some squid ink pasta running to a chocolate amplifier to a chocolate amplifier like a whole.

That's like a huge piece of cake.

I would imagine to make an amplifier.

I know, man.

I know.

A martial stack.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

But it's that was delicious, but it was not enough steak.

But anyway, whatever.

Yeah, the food was great.

OK, great.

I think that's an untapped area, you know, playable musical food.

Oh, yeah.

You know, that could be a really that take good talk about getting away to get kids to eat things they might not like.

Make it an instrument that they can play, you know.

Oh, that's a good idea.

You know, they did that in that movie or what's that movie?

Where they make all that Italian food, they made a big timpani.

Remember that?

Nice big night, man.

Or rather to eat both.

There was a timpani and edible timpani.

Wow, incredible.

Wow.

I mean, the things you learn from hot dog, from talking to hot dog and Byron Dennis.

Wow.

It's really just like a pleasure to talk to you.

Hey, man, I'm here too.

Goddamn it.

Oh, I forgot.

I forgot.

How can you forget about you brought me here like it was an emergency?

You didn't say I summoned you because all I did was text you.

And yes, I did say 911 and emergency.

Yeah, you did.

You did.

I was a luxuriating and Andy Richter's backyard.

Yeah.

What are you doing back there these day?

I heard you were back there.

Oh, yeah.

Well, if I tell you what's going on with Andy Richter's home, it would sort of it would get ahead of where we are on the on.

Oh, OK.

Oh, right.

Oh, I'll just say that we are still on the property, but say no more.

Say no more.

Yeah, yeah.

People would have to listen to your show in order to understand what we're talking about.

And that show is called the Deadwood Boys.

Is that?

No, it's not called a goddamn damn good boy.

Son of a bitch.

An episode.

It's one of my favorite podcasts, the Deadwood Boys.

But I love also bananas for bananas.

Thank you.

Number two on the call sheet.

Number two, my second favorite podcast about Frontier America and the gold rush that produces the difficult people that are trying to tame the West.

Yeah.

Wow.

That is ridiculous.

The Binance is not only the best show about all those things you just talked about.

It's the best.

It's better than deadwood.

Of course it is.

I can't imagine.

It's the best show about anything that ever was made anywhere in the human kind and history of television and shows.

What about highway to heaven?

Where do you land on that?

Because of, you know, similar show in the sense of it shares an actor.

It's shared.

Yeah.

But it's no.

Look, Michael Landham made some big mistakes.

He was a teenage werewolf.

He never showed up in a team where we're very upsetting.

It's very upsetting to me when I think about it.

Because you are a monster hunter as I know as I mean, as you've talked about.

That's really got to stick in your craw.

I always say I'm not a monster hunter.

I don't go looking for them.

They come looking for me.

Oh, you're a monster.

I'm a finder or a monster.

I recognize her.

That's right.

I'm able to notice and recognize when someone is a monster, which a lot of people are not.

But I never go out looking for him.

Never one time.

They always come to hassle and don't will cocks and not take care of them.

Yeah.

But anyway, what's your catchphrase again?

It's it's if you have a problem.

What is it again?

Normal people going through their lives don't have catchphrase.

It's got as far as I know.

What are you thinking of?

What?

If you have something that nut shells.

It basically was something to the effect of you have a problem and I have a problem.

And if you what was it?

Well, that sounds vaguely familiar.

It was literally a monster got all.

I don't remember you got you.

Yeah.

Your your problem is my problem.

I don't know.

But it was it was good.

It was really good.

It's not as good as nobody beats the gris.

I mean, nobody beats nobody beats the grid.

Hey, you want to hear my gris impression again?

Yeah.

Sure.

Chip, chop, cheer you.

I'm the gris from England.

I love it.

Yeah.

And maybe the only thing as good as the gris is your impression of the gris.

Your accent work is fantastic.

Thank you very much.

I've studied lots of British peoples in films.

Oh, really?

What in Westerns you mean or?

Yeah.

I guess in unforgiven there was was there a British guy in that?

Richard Harris, he's Irish, the same goddamn thing.

It gives a shit.

Where do you come down on Dalton Little House on the Prairie?

Well, I don't.

Another frontier based TV show about Westward Expand.

I look at highway to heaven, by the way, as Michael land in atoning for his sins of being the teenage werewolf.

I suppose so.

Yeah.

I do like that, Mr. Edwards.

He's funny, but Little House on the Prairie has too much girls in it for me.

And too much girls.

Too much girls.

That was the experience of the writer Laura Ingalls Wilder.

She was a real person and Mon Pa Wilder.

They only had girls.

They had, I guess, bad sex or something and only squirted out three girls.

That's right.

Must have been.

Exactly opposite of the cartwright.

He had three boys.

And they get into gunfire and all kinds of shoot them ups.

So they tend to have lots of fights and a stable.

Right.

Meanwhile, on Little House on the Prairie, it's like they go to the candy store.

That's all we can do.

They argue with Nelly about licorice.

It gives a shit.

That is the plot of every episode.

Too much girls.

And they're goddamn licorice and lace and nilly and hair curls and all that crap.

So tell me, I've never seen it.

You've never.

Tell me, Dalton, what happened the other night?

Because we're hearing this.

In an almost, I don't know if you've ever seen the movie, Rashomon, but there's got to be a Western equivalent of it.

Yeah, there is.

Somebody will tell me.

Okay.

But what happened the other night at the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame?

First of all, Rock and Roll, I don't know if you're even interested in that style of music because it's maybe akin to country in Western.

No, I have no interest.

I've no interest.

Yeah, I have no interest whatsoever in rock and roll music.

I think it's just about it tried to murder country music, in my opinion, but it failed.

Countries that live on.

So what were you doing there?

Because you were trying to help Hot Dog.

We're trying to get the, what happened the other night.

I've had a hard time figuring it out myself.

So last time we was talking about this, or maybe the time before last, I had gone to murder Hot Dog.

Right.

Well, a fancy Hot Dog.

Done taking, man.

With the, with a Hot Dog gun made by that guy in Germany.

Yeah, that's right.

And, and, no, he made the bullet.

Now, he made both.

It was a bun gun and a hot dog bullet.

Okay.

Got it.

Yes, Scott.

So I had come on.

I had tried to shoot him the one time shooting him in the heart, but his, that was a decoy heart and his real heart was down in his thigh.

And so I had gone another time to shoot him in the thigh where the heart was.

And I did shoot him in the thigh, but somehow that wasn't in his heart.

And that part I still don't understand.

Yeah.

Well, it turns out that my doctor told me he put my heart in my thigh because he knew I would tell people, but he really put it in my neck.

Oh, wow.

Oh, so it's in your neck right now?

My heart is, well, I think, I mean, that's where, because.

Or did he just say that the last time that I saw you?

Yeah.

You know what?

That is what he told me last time.

He said it's in your, I lied to you, said it was in your heart because I knew you were going to tell people it's really in your neck.

So it's probably not in your neck.

It's probably not in my neck.

Yeah.

I don't have any idea where my heart is now, guys.

I mean, this is like a real mystery.

It's probably, can I ask any time you, there's no other way to say this, but slap the weasel.

Do you asphyxiate yourself when you're, when you're doing that?

Oh, God.

What is this?

What kind of question?

Well, I don't know about that, but it does cut off the blood flow to the whole rest of my body.

No, it's similar to anyone, I guess.

Never mind.

Yeah.

Anyway, so I shot him and I thought I'd killed him, right?

And then all of a sudden I remember you guys saying, don't look out behind you.

And then that was the end of that episode.

You remember that?

Yeah, I remember like something happened where the tape cut off or yeah.

It was, yeah, it was, it was crazy, but and then we never asked about it again, right?

That's true.

We never inquired.

Never followed up on it.

We've had you on the show since then with that's so crazy.

I know that is weird.

But it was, it's fine because it was just some little old man there with a sweater tied around his shoulders and a little cap and he was, he said, I'm going to hypnotize you, but that, but I felt that he had failed to hypnotize me.

But then next thing I know, I come out of a trance and I have killed 38 people backstage at the Rocket Mortgage Fieldhouse in Cleveland, Ohio.

Oh my gosh.

Wow.

Yeah.

I was being restrained and I'd barely escaped with my life and my freedoms from there.

Oh, so this little old man, he's wearing a cap, you say, and a sweater over his shoulders?

Yeah.

Was he, did he give you a business card at all or?

Did he have an accent of any kind?

He seemed to be a city slicker.

I was a city slicker for sure.

Right.

Was he, did he, was he, did he ever mention the words theatrical or producer?

Director.

I don't know about that, but when I asked him, who the hell are you?

He told me his name and then he followed it with the words theatrical director.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

But I don't remember.

We've talked to this guy.

Dom, Dom Herrera, no.

Dom, who's in those Fast and Furious movies?

Don Delillo.

Don Delillo does machines.

That sounds right.

That sounds like what he told me.

Something like that.

Yeah.

So, so you're saying, Dalton, that someone was successfully able to turn you into a Manchurian candidate style like, you a trigger word and monster.

I will watch it.

This is, this is not good for you.

Oh, no.

Well, I've, I've gone to get myself reprogrammed by an Indian shaman out there in the desert.

Oh, I'm fine now.

Good, good, good.

But man, I was mad and I was confused because he said, all I know is he says, I'm going to hypnotize you.

And I says, who the hell are you?

And he told me, Donna telefixes machines, theatrical director or whatever it was.

And then, hey, I was like, I laughed at him and I went about the rest of my business.

And then all of a sudden I'll wake up backstage at the, at the Cleveland thing and I'm playing on my own mind.

How much time is missing because you even remember your last appearance on this show?

Were you hypnotized during that?

I guess I must have been and I know it.

I'm in a fog for months at this point.

It's been months of fog.

But I'm out of it now because I don't have some peyote and all that.

Oh, good, good.

But yeah, I try, I mean, murdering that many people doesn't look so good on the old CV.

Well, that's not the most people I've killed at one time, but I mean, hang on, let me correct myself.

I've never killed a person.

I've only killed monsters.

Oh, yeah.

Very important distinction.

So these 30 some odd people were backstage in Cleveland.

I have to assume they were.

I don't have a specific memory of killing them, but I think it must have been a cabal of creatures from the Black Lagoon.

They travel in cabals.

I've noticed.

Yeah, Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hads, Frankenstein monsters and doctors, Jekylls and Mr. Sides.

Yeah, particularly.

And a lot of them was probably invisible.

So, and you know, you've got to assume that if there are Frankenstein's there, then their brides must be as well.

Oh, sure.

You got to take care of them brides too.

You don't think that plus one.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Don't think.

Oh, I'll leave the bride alone and just give the brides.

Every monster has a plus one, don't they?

Well, a lot of monsters is trying to find their plus one.

So for instance, creature from the Black Lagoon, he's trying to drag a plus one down into the Lagoon.

Make her a minus one up on the on.

But he doesn't understand.

He thinks she can breathe down there.

Adi it.

Oh, man.

You know what, Dalton, what might be a great way for you to, and I know you're not out there hunting monsters.

They just, you're just noticing that you're out in these streets going by your business.

But if you were to create a dating app for monsters, they would sign up to her.

More than you could.

Yes.

It's a honey pot.

You could lure them into a scenario where they think they're a monster app.

Yeah.

Or something like that.

What do you mean?

It's like a, what is it?

The monster app.

It's a graveyard app.

You know something like that.

I hate that song.

I'm fucking hate that song.

You hate that song?

That song makes me mad.

Yeah.

Matter of fact, I've written a response poem to it.

I don't know if you want to talk about that now.

Wait, you've written a response poem to the monster?

Yes, I have, goddamn it.

Wait, so this is because I haven't heard of response poems before.

You never heard of response poem?

Occasionally there'll be a response song like Danny A.A.

L.O.'s Papa just wants the best for you that he sang to Madonna.

Oh my God.

Jesus Christ.

But a response poem is something that I've never quite heard of.

Oh, it's a big thing in cowboy poetry.

Sometimes you'll have an evening of cowboy poetry.

It'll be one person does a new poem and then the whole rest of the night is just responses to it that have been quickly written.

People rebutting.

Backstage.

All of that.

Hastily, hastily written response poem.

Yeah.

So you have one of these about the monster match.

Tell you what, Dalton, let's put a pin in it and read it right before.

We run out of time.

What do you think about that?

Okay.

That sounds good.

Sure.

And isn't that great and very kind of for where we are in the year, you know, good to have a response to...

Yeah, I mean it's November 1st.

The spookiest night of all time was Halloween.

Yeah.

Yeah, this is the perfect time to issue a response poem to the monster match.

Because the monsters last night, I mean, you must have been really busy last night, first of all.

I'm always busy on Halloween.

Oh, yeah.

Because you woke up out of your fog Saturday.

That's right.

And then Sunday you took peyote with the Indian shaman or Native American shaman.

Native American people's people shaman.

Right, right.

And then Sunday night is Halloween.

Oh.

Were you cleared up by then?

Were you like, were you able to get back out there and do whatever you needed to do?

I was and I was, as always, just going about my business and for some goddamn reason, that's the night when monsters literally come to your fucking doorstep.

And try to get your possessions from you, your food.

Yeah.

And you more specifically, a lot of times.

Yeah.

And if you don't, they're prepared to, to, to, to, to treat you.

That's what they say.

To wage war on you with trickers.

That's what they say.

Yep.

But they don't get too far because I'm.

How far do they get?

They, they, I don't, well, because I know they're coming on that night.

So I camp out in the front yard hiding like a cover myself with branches and put not brambles, branches and brambles and beads.

Yeah.

Branches, brambles and beads.

And I attack the three, the three bees of good coverage.

Belushi brought them.

Camouflage, branches, brambles, beads.

Yeah.

Old and bees and, and I attack.

And a lot of times I scare them off.

Uh, but sometimes I do have to kill them.

Yeah.

That is unsettling.

Yeah.

Yep.

But that word gets out.

You know how word gets out?

Like don't go to that house.

You're giving out popcorn balls or how.

Just work it out that they, that you've put on the most amazingly realistic Halloween show.

That is the case and then a crowd will form and then it's, you know, got to fight my way out.

But more often it's the story, it's the case that they say, Hey, don't go to that house because he's killing people.

So that's as far as it gets.

But the people think that's, the people think that's part of like the night that do they really understand the severity of it or do they think it's like anything goes on Halloween, Jason.

Yeah.

I would say about 20% of the time I will kill someone, a monster and, and people will say, Whoa, that was a really exciting event that this person staged in their front yard to get in the spirit of Halloween.

The other 80% of the time they, they realize a monster is being killed.

What happens if somebody comes to the, to your door like dressed as, you know, a non monster, you know, like a someone dressed as a, you know, like a character from a movie or something like that.

Or a princess, you know.

Yes.

A good character who is good.

Yeah.

That's fine.

But that's like putting lipstick on a pig, isn't it?

I mean, you can tell that monster.

It's sort of like who would walk around dressed up like a princess but a monster, you know, what I mean?

Interesting.

You know, what you ever put lipstick on a pig in your, in your, you know, farming days personal life.

Yeah.

Well, of course I have.

Where did you put it on the pig?

Think about a pig edge.

You could put lipstick anywhere as on them.

You want, you know what I mean?

I guess I do.

Yes, yes and yes.

Oh, good John Stoney.

There's no part of a pig.

I haven't tried lipstick on.

So, so you've had a busy couple of nights and hot dog, how do you feel about the fact that Sean and odd didn't, didn't make it?

I mean, you know, it's, it's another year where Sean and all is, is not making the prophecies come true and bringing about the rapture.

I'm furious, man.

It's terrible.

And I feel like I don't know what to do now because I tried the doobie brothers scheme and the teen to turn her scheme.

And I feel like I'm almost running out of idea.

Who could, who could get in?

Who could get in next year?

Let's maybe like start to seed the plan right now.

So it's 25 years.

It'll be 2022.

So there'll be 97, maybe save Ferris.

Some of the, some of the nominees from this year who didn't get inducted might be nominated again, Allah, your sound gardens or some of the other shortlisted people.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

But how does that help me?

I mean, I mean, it's, I've tried it.

I've tried everything.

It's good.

Well, here's okay.

I'm in the mouth.

I'll talk.

Let me pitch you an idea here.

Um, let's say, for example, that sound garden gets to be inducted next year into the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

Okay.

Because of the untimely passing of Chris Cornell, their lead singer, they are in need of a lead singer.

Okay.

Why not successfully get all of Sean on into the lead, the front man position in sound.

Yeah.

Have them audition.

Do they know any of the lyrics to black hole, son?

I mean, there's three right there, black hole, son.

These guys are no longer in a position mentally to learn new lyrics.

Maybe they sing Sean on all lyrics over sound garden riffs.

It's going to have to be that.

You think they can learn new melodies?

It's like a mashup or something like that.

It's going to have to be just like, you just tell them that this is Teen Angel and that's it.

What if they were to induct one of the bands?

Like that gets them on stage and then I don't know what happens to them.

That doesn't sound right.

That doesn't do it.

Yeah.

But I don't know.

That's not a bad idea.

If they become the new lead singer of sound garden, all the members of Sean on.

I mean, I don't know.

Sean on naw garden.

Yeah, shot.

I mean, it's fine.

But that is nothing.

It's not a listen.

It's not a home run.

I understand.

I'm just trying to problem solve here because I don't want to.

It's definitely like it's a burden for it's clearly a burden for you to come up with a new scheme and rule double with two men on base at sports.

Right, right, right.

But I don't know.

I mean, I've got a year to think of something better or to try that and which do you think it will happen?

I guess I'm probably going to try that because what are they going to do?

They're going to have auditions probably for a new singer for sound garden for this big year when they might get into the rock hall.

Yeah.

And now what we're going to do?

They have competition with Brandy Carlisle who wants to do it.

What?

Yeah.

She has been advocating that she should be the she that they she would love to tour with the the remaining members of sound garden saw her recently with the drummer and Pearl Jam's Matt Tyran doing a couple of their songs.

She's put out a couple of their songs.

She really wants it.

So you're going to have to beat up Brandy Carlisle.

And Brandy Carlisle's very hot right now.

She was just on Saturday night live.

Well, she just got inducted with the other go-go's.

So that's a rare.

Or a different John Carlisle.

Why is she trying to have a.

That's a Belinda Carlisle.

Two years in a row.

That's ridiculous.

I think you're thinking of Belinda Carlisle.

It's, well, either way, it's wrong.

Yeah.

Although Belinda Carlisle fronting sound garden is not such a bad idea either.

I'd take that as well.

And I'm like, I'm surprised that frankly, Hot Dog, you are not making any attempts to.

Yeah.

To join Shana and I.

You seem to.

The future.

Hot Dog.

You seem like kind of depressed.

I know it's a bad time of year.

Look, I mean, seasonal, you know, affected disorders, that what it is, you know?

Sad.

Yeah.

It makes everyone a little blue this time of year.

But and you just had a personal and public tragedy occur just two nights hence.

Yeah, man.

A failure.

A personal failure.

And and so much work went into it.

I know you've you've put so much work into it both in the planning of it and then the relistening to things so that you could remember what you plan.

You want to hear the craziest part of this.

I have been so busy with all this stuff.

I literally have not been on a pair of water skis in six months.

No, no.

Because I was just about to say sometimes we forget that you are a professional water.

Yeah, man.

Yeah.

You know, I mean, I'm trying to get myself inducted into the water skiing hall to fame down there in Polk, Florida.

And I haven't even like I've just forgotten all about that.

Your dedication to Sean and is so powerful that it has really caused you to like neglect your own personal needs and hot dog.

I would just say look at that.

You know, maybe you need to focus more on getting yourself into the water ski hall of fame and leave Sean and Abba.

Are there any prophecies that will come true if you get into the water ski hall of fame?

Well, I mean, I think I would get laid a lot.

You know what I mean?

I've been prophesied.

Wow.

That's been prophesied.

Is that just a whole is that just conjecture?

I wrote it down.

I mean, you know what I mean?

Is there anything in the, that does not a prophecy make.

Is there anything in the Bible prophecies about anyone getting laid?

Like if this comes over the Bible, man, getting laid is all over the Bible.

Oh, yeah.

Songs of Solomon.

It's just between like fathers and daughters and brothers and sisters.

That's the problem.

And some people say that Jesus was the first water skier.

You know what I mean?

Walking on water like that.

For his two skis turned into the cross where they put together and turned into the cross that they could.

That's right.

He was crucified on water skis.

Oh, he's going to water skis?

Yeah, it's the final indignity.

Oh, yeah.

Well, that's why, you know, that's why Moses parted the red skis because he didn't have skis on him.

Right.

He didn't have water skis on him.

So he had no, he had no other option but to part the water.

Yeah, I know that fool.

I never go anywhere without my water skis.

Oh, you have him right here?

I got him right here, man.

How do you fit him in the car?

We were talking about that earlier with Byron.

Byron, are you a water skier?

No, no, no, no, no.

I have a particular challenge that there's a sword in my abdomen.

Oh, I thought he had passed out.

I thought I really thought he'd be honest.

I just asked him that because, you know, I wanted to do a little chat.

You saw I'm conserving my energy by closing my eyes and only bathing twice a minute.

Oh, around the sword, your skin is getting black.

Yes, yes.

Well aware, well aware.

Okay.

Well look, where once more aware than me?

We truly, I think, then are running out of time because we want to make sure that Byron gets to his appointment a week from Thursday.

So we really only have one thing we have to do before our final thing and that's Dalton.

We want to hear this poem.

Oh, yeah.

Or do we do it at the end after plugs?

I don't know.

What do you want to do?

I don't care.

But here's the only question I have is it's a poem, but it is capable of being sung to the tune of Monster Mash.

So I don't know where there's to read it as a poem.

We might as well sing it, I suppose.

Wait, wait, we sing it?

We?

Well, yeah, I think you guys would come in on the chorus.

Oh, I guess.

I mean, we have had Monster Mash related comedy happening recently adjacent to this show, but I know, but this isn't comedy.

This is a response.

Okay.

Then we should save it for the end.

Why don't we do our final feature on the show first?

Okay.

And we all know what that is.

Of course, of course, of course, of course.

Yes, yes.

And yes, a little something called plugs.

And yes, a little something called a little something called a little something called a little.

I mean, I think you guys are really good at this show.

I think you guys are really good at this show.

Everybody that you will die.

Everybody that you won will die.

Except for the guy you played, Derek on the good place.

Oh, and a burupped end to that song.

Wow.

They really clipped it.

But wow.

I'm glad that everyone that you know will die except for me.

For you.

Yeah, great.

That was a heartbreaker for me.

Oh, I'm sorry to tell you my friend.

That makes you a goddamn vampire.

Oh, god damn it.

Is an immortal a vampire.

I don't know.

And we've talked about Jesus being the very first zombie, right?

Oh, we have on a previous episode.

Okay.

All right.

First water skier and first zombie.

Yeah, a lot of first.

Wow.

And the first king of the Jews.

Oh, wow.

That's right.

So, you know, some a royal to be watched for sure.

Right.

Precisely.

That was a song called Jason Manzukas and it was by Daniel Shanker.

Daniel Shanker.

Thank you so much for that.

Wonderful.

Great work.

What are we plugging?

Let's go to Jason first.

What do you want to plug?

You know, I will plug a new animated show on Net on rather Nickelodeon that I do a voice on.

It's called Star Trek Prodigy.

Yes.

And it is like a beautiful like incredibly animated adventure Star Trek show in the Star Trek universe that Captain Janeway is a part of.

Kate Mulgrew is the is in the show and it's just like a young kid adventure kind of, you know, akin to like an avatar, the last airbender or in that in those kind of adventure vibes.

Yeah.

Great animation, great voice work.

Yeah.

Really fun show.

It's out.

It came out last week.

I think it just came out the 28th.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

It did.

Okay.

Yeah.

I think it just came out.

And people came and I'm saying I'm just saying myself.

Oh, you did.

Okay.

Yeah.

And it's on Paramount Plus.

Is that right?

Paramount Plus.

Yes.

Okay.

So people check that out.

Let's see.

Byron anything to plug for you?

Go to code.uk.co.co.co.co.co.

And check out, you know, sort of all my royal related content is there.

And what else?

Look for me and the emergency room.

Yeah.

A week from Thursday.

I'll be having an engagement.

Okay.

Great.

Hot dog.

Anything you want to plug or?

What's going on?

Well, Shana, has a gig.

It's actually one year from yesterday.

Or actually it'll be going on right now because it's the mall shop memories cruise, which is from October 30th to November 6th, 2022.

Wait, so Shana, now has the gig or are you going to have to legally change their name back?

Man, I think so because can I just stop you for one second hot dog?

Yeah.

All right.

Because something has just occurred to me.

All right.

The band, Shana, is now currently called Tina Turner.

Yes, it is.

You could start the band.

Shana.

Oh my God.

Wait a minute.

Why can't you eat all these other guys?

Currently, Shana, now is an open band name.

Oh my God.

It's an open assignment.

But you know what I could do?

I could make Shana, now full of people who the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame is dying to induct.

Yes.

Well, you could just hire people they've already inducted.

So you could hire Paul McCartney for this.

Oh my God.

You could, you know, I can put together a Rock and Roll Hall of Fame supergroup and call them Shana.

And the minute that you you finally get the last person, they're already in the Rock of Hall of Fame.

And then Shana is already in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

Here's what's here's what's hard about this.

And this is where it's going to come down to a really difficult personal decision.

Hot dog.

Okay.

Yeah.

If you want to be in Shana, you're the only person who won't have been in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

It will not be in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

So if your personal dream comes true, the prophecy will not.

But if you are self sacrificing, the prophecy will come true.

Guys, this is literally the hardest decision anybody has ever been presented with.

This is impossible.

I can assemble a group of Hall, Rock, Hall, and Duttis.

And the prophecy will immediately come true.

And the heavens will open up and the end times will begin.

The hardest decision since Meryl Streep decided whether or not she's going to star in Sophie's choice.

I heard she deliberated over that for a long time.

In a very long, hot shower.

Her agent said no.

And her manager said yes and her accountant said yes and her loyal said no.

Oh, man.

It was wild.

So wow.

I mean, but I think the band would be so great hot dog you would get into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame.

That's probably why you want to go.

So you're saying I put myself in the group along with who Paul McCartney.

Ringo.

Oh, man.

You know, any number of the doobie brothers that you want, whoever.

And I'm in the group too.

And we are so good.

But then we'd have to wait 25 years.

Yeah, that's true.

It might be worth it, man.

You know, I mean, like, listen, it's up to you, man.

But wait, you'd be Sean on us.

So you're Sean on us eligible.

So you wouldn't have to wait 25 years.

Oh, that's interesting.

Does the band or is it its most recent member?

No, no, no.

Bill and duck to band like Josh King.

They forgot in with the Red Hot Chili Peppers.

So they'll induct us in.

Okay.

Yeah.

This is a scheme.

We're thinking about it.

Think about it.

I like this.

All right.

Right here in plugs.

We came up with a good scheme.

Yeah.

We got to write this down or remember it for the next episode.

I'm done.

Don't do you want to plug anything?

You got to go to CBBworld.com is what you got to do.

And there you can check out bananas for bonanza and bonus nanas for bonus nanza and bonus nans extravaganza, which I still don't know what it is.

Can we talk about you stripping that third title out of it?

My only note is bonus nans is extravaganza.

Very confusing for what the show is.

What is it?

It's that's the problem.

Is it sounds like bonus?

It sounds like it sounds like it's going to be more of the bonanza show, but it is not.

I don't think it is because I'm not involved in it, but it sounds very related.

You should tell them to not stop using your truly thing that you could take the bonus nanza extravaganza title off of it and it would seem more like vital content.

Oh, really?

You could call it, well, what do you want to call it?

Well, I mean, I think it just falls under you.

You should name the episodes as something that has its own moniker because it seems like it's extra is not like content that it is what it is.

I don't know who made this decision.

I literally don't know one thing about it.

I just I just do the two podcasts that I do and that's a goddamn enough.

That's a workload right there.

Hell yes it is.

On top of being the poet laureate of the West like a well, I'll talk to fasten the furious or whatever about this because they're presenting it I would imagine and fast and furious is presenting bonus nans extravaganza.

Yeah, I'll talk to them about it.

I'll call up Vince another Dom, by the way.

And people can get all of that on CBBworld.com exclusively at CBBworld.com.

Okay.

And that leads me to what I want to plug.

Oh, can I very briefly, you know what?

I'm breaking in here.

I will very briefly as a related plug to CBBworld, I will plug the Bob Dooka podcast.

Yes, you which which is fantastic and back in action.

This iteration is called full throttle with Bob Dooka or full throttle Bob Dooka.

We just put out an episode of that.

And as part of CBB presents and we also just put out a an episode of CBB presents, which is a lot of people will be interested in, which is called Leo Carpazzi's Monster Match 77 with of course Leo Carpazzi who what Dalton you would be interested to know is the writer of the Monster Mash song.

Fuck that guy.

Yeah, I know, I know.

But he put out a special that he taped in 1977, a variety special and we put that out on CBB presents last week.

And we also this week we have of course the bonus NANZA and we have this Friday on Scott As and seen we're talking about sister act one and two sister act one or first double feature.

We distract one and two.

Aren't you shadowed at the same time, right?

Didn't they shoot those at the same time?

You are concurred.

They actually will be Goldberg just turned to another camera and did her lines for number two after she did the lines to number one.

The sisters acts.

Nice.

Did you have something else you wanted to plug Dalton?

Oh, I was going to say the other thing that's on CBB world is an animated show called Inside Job on Netflix.

And I've heard that that's really good.

People are really.

I don't know that that's what's.

The animated show Inside Job on Netflix is good.

Okay, I'll watch it.

I saw that it's up there.

Yeah, it's really good.

And that's part of CBB world.

I don't think it is, but okay.

I don't know how any of it.

And while we're at it, I will say Star Trek Prodigy on Paramount Plus is also a part of CBB world.

Sure.

So if you have a see whether or not actually you have a CBB world membership, you can watch Star Trek Prodigy on Paramount Plus.

You have to get a CBB membership to watch Inside Job on Netflix.

On Netflix.

That's your first step.

And then it will lead you right to Inside Job.

I believe that's right.

Also all the ad-free episodes of comedy bang banger over there and the archives.

That's where they all move to.

So head on over there to CBB world.com.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Three, two, three, five.

Rain.

If I open my mouth, I can get a little bit of coffee.

Rain.

If I open my mouth, I can get a little bit of coffee.

Rain.

Oh, man.

Yeah, that was great.

That was Scott can get a drink of parentheses rain and parentheses by RUD ROOZ.

That is the best closing up the plug bag theme song I've ever heard.

Wow.

High praise.

That was like acceptable.

Wow.

Oh, okay.

Well, I guess not so high praise.

All right, guys, I want to thank you.

Jay, great to have you here.

Great to see you, Scotty.

And Byron, I swear I'm going to remember you next time you're on the show.

Well, that would be nice.

It would be nice to be remembered whether I'm alive or dead at that time.

I guess so, yeah.

Get medical attention.

I'm so concerned for your safety.

Hot dog, of course.

Keep on water skiing.

Never lose sight of your dreams.

And really, when we see you again, we want to know what your plans are for Sean and all.

Okay, I got to figure it out.

It's really hard, but I don't forget to prioritize yourself inside of that.

I was just about to say, I'm going to go water skiing today, man.

Really?

It's beautiful day to go water skiing.

It's raining out.

It's like almost like a monsoon out there.

I know.

And it's also shark season, but I'm going to do it.

A lot of people think shark season is only the week of shark week, but it's not.

It's much longer.

You know, it's a long season and it's only getting longer with climate change.

Yeah, shark season of Sean and Aussong, by the way, that I may be a B side that I don't know.

Yeah, yeah.

They do it as an encore.

Oh, okay.

Great.

And Dalton, we end up with you.

Are you ready to, I guess, read this poem, response poem or sing this song?

I'm not quite sure what you're going to do.

I think I'll sing it.

And then you guys could come in on the course if you figured out and want to.

But if it's too confusing, don't bother.

Here we go.

This is a response poem called Monster Trash.

This is the title, Monster Trash, a response poem to Monster Mash, which can be sung to the tune of Monster Mash by Dalton Wilcox, meaning that this song, poem is by Dalton Wilcox, not Monster Mash, which is by some other son of a bitch.

Leo Carpazzi.

Leo Carpazzi, by Dalton Wilcox.

Here we go.

And so you have to imagine the bubbles and the door creaking.

Well, right, all right.

First of all, you started off your song by admitting that you made a monster.

That's wrong.

You're singing about it, but you ought to be ashamed.

Just think of all the cowboys that could end up getting maimed.

Your song is trash.

Your song is monster trash.

It's monster trash.

And it curls my mustache.

It's monster trash.

It's like a bad saddle rash.

It's monster trash.

Your song is monster trash.

Your second verse really made me fume.

You let vampires feast in your master bedroom.

They're feasting on cowboys.

You son of a bitch.

I'd like to shoot you in the liver and leave you in a ditch.

Your song is trash.

Your song is monster trash.

It's monster trash.

And it curls my mustache.

It's monster trash.

It's like a bad saddle rash.

It's monster trash.

Your song is monster trash.

Then you talk about Dracula and his son.

And that is when I more or less came all the way undone.

If the goddamn vampires are learning how to breed, then the cowboys of the west are fucked, guaranteed.

And a vampire only mate with one of his kind or are they coming for our women, which would make me lose my mind.

You don't address that matter.

I guess you didn't have the chance.

Because all you want to talk about is how the monster's dance.

Your song is trash.

Your song is monster trash.

It's monster trash.

And it curls my mustache.

It's monster trash.

It's like a bad saddle rash.

It's monster trash.

So here comes a backlash.

Now everything's cool.

I'm not really that mad.

I'm up here and about the fun all them monsters have.

Hell, stop on by the ranch.

I'll lay out a party spread.

We'll dance around and drink some punch.

And then you'll all be dead.

Your song is trash.

Your song is monster trash.

It's monster trash.

And here's my weapons cash.

It's monster trash.

How about a wooden steak gas?

It's monster trash.

Your song is monster trash.

And that's the end.

Oh wow.

Bravo.

I didn't want to jump in on the chorus just because you are crushing it.

Yeah.

I understand.

Yeah.

Incredible.

Dalton, another addition to a fine body of work.

Thank you very much.

That song has just been making me mad for so many years.

Yeah, I can imagine last week was hell for you.

I mean, aside from being hypnotized.

Do you think that your next book will be a book of response poems?

Yes, some of them are responses to my own poems.

Oh, interesting.

Or like follow-ups or rebuttals or never rebuttals because they got it right the first time.

OK, good.

Yeah, OK.

A lot of them are sort of like, you're right.

What rhymes with rhymes?

I agree.

Good point.

All right, guys.

Well, I want to thank you so much.

Dalton, great poem.

And don't make you being hypnotized the reason you come back.

What?

I don't know.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

OK.

Bye.

OK.

Bye.
