♪♪ Last night's sashimi is today steamy creamy.

Welcome to Kombi Bang Bang.

Oh boy, if you didn't like that, you're gonna hate this even more.

Thanks to Fart Blunkenfell for that catchphrase submission.

Thanks Fart. Welcome to Kombi Bang Bang for another edition, a deep and knobby doggy edition.

And oh boy, an incredible show today, and especially apropos for Knobby Doggy as the holidays approach.

We're approaching the holiday episode, so we're working in tandem with the year.

And we have a very great show today.

My name is Scott Ocharvin, and coming up a little later we have a small business owner.

Oh, that, very great for 2021.

This is the year of the small business owner.

Of course, we stopped having entrepreneurs on the show.

We had to retire those people, but we do have small business owners, and quite a lot of them, there will be a small business owner coming up.

We also have a fashion designer.

Oh, that's good that they said fashion designer, because a designer could be anything, a house designer, a design designer, is that something?

That's what I want to be when I grow up.

We also have a pickup artist, just in the pickup artist, we'll be here a little later.

So that might come in handy for some of our guests, not me.

I'm of course, as I was telling Vanessa Bear, I'm very happily married, and just wanted a friendship with her.

That's all I wanted.

That's a deep, close friendship.

Still hasn't happened.

But before we get to all of those guests, we have a very special guest right now.

It's the first time she's ever been on the show.

I'm a big fan of hers, one of the greatest stand-up comedians to ever live.

Is that too much?

No, I think that's appropriate.

That's about right.

And thank you for reading my bio as I wrote it.

So thanks Scott.

She has a new album called Corset, which is in stores and on Spotify streaming everywhere right now.

Please welcome first time to the show, Lori Kilmartin.

Hello.

Thank you.

Hi.

It is my pleasure to have you on, a big fan of your work.

The art of stand-up comedy.

Boy, we could talk about it for hours, couldn't we?

Shouldn't we?

It is an art.

Yes, you know, we could.

There haven't been many podcast dedicated to stand-up.

Yeah, there needs to be more.

Yeah.

Stand-ups with their bros hanging out, just talking about like backstage stuff.

Yeah.

Anything interesting ever happened to you backstage?

Oh, me?

I thought you were doing an impression of a podcast.

I'll take both.

Answer.

It's off air.

Lori, let's talk about people of course know you as a stand-up, fans of yours.

But let's talk about your other works to sort of contextualize you for the modern audience.

Lately, how long were you a writer on the Conan show?

I was a writer on the entire TV show.

The entire TV show?

Were you there at the Tonight Show?

I was not.

You were to what happened there?

I hadn't gotten the job yet.

No, interesting.

It's not my song.

I would have just shown up.

So when he moved over to CBS, he was like, you know what, I need to change.

Yeah.

Did anyone get fired that you replaced?

Not that I know of, although this would be an incredibly awkward conversation.

Did I know of something like that?

No, I think some people didn't come back or...

Oh, okay.

Some people were like, look, if it's not the Tonight Show.

I don't want to be a writer.

I only work tonight shows.

Is it Tonight Show?

Is that how you pluralize Tonight Show?

Sure.

Tonight's show.

Tonight's shows.

Maybe that sounds because Tonight Show doesn't sound right.

No.

Sounds like I'm stupid when I say that, right?

But I'm not a stupid guy, right?

No, not at all.

You've boxed me into a corner and there's no way to reply without getting back, Bob.

Hey, if you're boxing, boxed up in into a corner.

That's my advice to you.

So you worked on the Conan show the entire time and that...

What year did that start?

He started in 2010.

2010, so a good 11 years was just came to an end.

Right.

You're out of work.

You're out there on the streets.

I'm available for all podcasts.

Yeah.

Would you do a different Tonight Show?

Were it to open up?

Sure.

I mean, I think there is a different Tonight Show?

Yeah, I guess there is.

There should be other Tonight shows.

Tonight's shows.

There should be more Late Night shows.

A lot of people don't hold that point of view, but I'm glad that you do.

What did you do?

I mean, okay, Late Night shows, do they matter anymore?

You know what I mean?

I don't know it.

I don't know.

I mean, very few people watch them when they air.

Right.

It seems like people just watch clips.

You know what the problem is?

It's the conversation part of it.

Right.

That's the part that I find boring about them.

You know what I mean?

I think Late Night Comedy Show is a great idea.

Yeah.

Where someone just comes out, does a monologue, does bits and all that.

Something like that.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, okay.

That's been my five.

It's just a five-minute show.

Oh, that would be great.

Like a say a 15-minute show.

So you have a number.

I'm going to stick to five.

Okay.

Sorry.

No, but.

You've seen Late Night shows.

You know how much they have?

They have a good five at most.

Was that fun to do?

I can only imagine.

I mean, have I ever worked on the Tonight Show?

No, I guess not.

But was it fun?

I didn't either.

Are you seeing very excited on the show I didn't work on?

Right.

That's okay.

I'm glad to work on that show tonight.

Sure.

Yeah.

No, I'd be happy to.

That's got to look good on the old Rez.

An old CV.

I want a shining resume.

So yeah, definitely.

It's actually going to get work here in the comedy business.

I left a few resumes for all the guests.

So they could.

And a headshot.

Oh my gosh.

But how was it to work on the Conan show?

That must have been a dream come true for a comedy person.

It was.

Or it would have been fine.

Either one of those.

I worked on shows where it was fine.

But this was a dream come true.

Really?

Yeah, when Conan.

Or the hours.

The hours were like say nine to six.

I don't like either of those.

You're already a Paul.

I like either of those margin.

You're more of a one to three kind of guy?

Yeah.

Well, I will tell you that at Mr. Show, we were told to get there at 1130.

And then quite often we would roll in at 1230.

Oh my God.

And Bob would grumble at us.

And it really showed in the work.

Honestly.

And then it was a real like five PM like well getting tired.

Let's get out of here.

It is so sweet.

Yeah, it was a pretty sweet gig.

Although comedy bang bang my writers worked very hard.

It was a 10 to seven though.

We only worked later than seven one one day.

That's not bad.

Yeah.

That's not bad at all.

Because I realized.

I realized the next day I was looking at the script we were about to shoot.

I said this sucks.

I said hey everyone.

Can we can we how to love and maybe work a little bit longer on this?

And we did we worked 90 more minutes and then it was great.

Oh, so the extra night I thought you meant it sucked because they wrote it after seven o'clock.

No, no, no, seven and eight o'clock hour.

No, no, it got it got a little better.

We were excited.

We're going to do what they call in the biz a writer all nighter where we were going to stay up till five AM.

I've been in the biz.

I've never heard that one, but I like it.

Yes.

So what were some of your signature pieces on the Conan show, if any?

Um, I.

And I'm going to pour myself a glass of water while you talk so you should have stretched this out.

I was mostly a monologue joke writer.

So some of the best met Romney jokes you've ever heard I wrote in 2012.

Do anything about his hot dog obsession?

I didn't realize we.

What?

How could you write monologues for a living and not know that that he his favorite meat is hot dog?

Oh, is that how you pronounce it?

That's how you pronounce it.

He said my favorite meat is hot dog.

Do you remember any of your.

You have finished pouring.

Yes.

I have your full attention.

Do you have it?

Do you remember any of your your best monologues?

No, but I do puppy Conan.

That was my idea.

Oh, cool.

It took off for a while.

Yeah.

And I'm presuming that's puppy versions of it's it's the you know how the puppy bowl is for people that don't like to watch at the Super Bowl.

So puppy Conan was her people who don't like to watch Conan and it existed on.

I kid I kid of course I watched it every night.

I remember all those Mitt Romney jokes.

What was it the ice gate?

No horse dancing.

Horse dancing.

He horse dance.

He owned horse.

He was fully invested in horses that danced and he actually had athletes at the Olympics.

I didn't realize my Mitt Romney expertise would come into here at the.

What do you think about that show?

What was it called?

It was called Kavalya.

Kavalya.

You ever see the billboards for that around town?

No.

It was like a cool up and I went to see it was dancing horses.

Oh.

And the the polco was Larry Queen.

Larry Queen.

I was trying I was like I was mixing up my royalty there.

Saying this is the best show I've ever seen.

And it was just billboards everywhere.

It's good enough for Larry Queen.

He has seen shows since the 1910s.

So that is quite an endorsement.

So Laura you you've been out there in these streets.

You've been performing stand up comedy.

Were you able to do it during the pandemic?

Obviously everything took a pause.

I did zoom shows.

Did you did you do any zoom stuff?

I did do zoom shows of this show and it was bad enough.

I didn't want to do it for an audience.

Yeah.

That's what I did in outdoor shows.

That's fun.

Kind of like every desperate stand up and.

Did you did you pipe in canned laughter after every joke or did you just let it.

No, I do that on my live shows.

Oh really?

I couldn't organize it for the zoom.

Like Ashley Simpson.

And so where did you record this?

When did you record it?

How did you record it?

Who did you record it with?

I recorded it in November of 2019.

Okay.

Pre pandemic at the San Francisco punch line.

A guy named Mark Atkinson was the recorder and I believe he pushed record.

Record and play at the same time.

Hopefully just record.

Okay.

Sometimes you got to do both at the same time.

Yeah.

Right.

On the old tape decks.

And that's how it went down.

Really?

Okay.

And so why the lag in between releasing it is because no one wanted to release things during the pandemic.

Because you couldn't go out and tour it against them.

And then suddenly this year people are just going, ah, fuck it.

And just putting stuff out or what is it?

My problem and it might be yours is I can't stand the sound of my voice.

Oh, yes.

You and I relate on that level.

Why do you flinch every time I speak?

However the.

No, no, no.

I don't like my voice.

Oh, I don't like mine.

No, no, no, no.

I love your voice.

The listeners of this show love your voice hate my voice.

Yeah.

So it took me a while to listen to cuts and tracks and all that kind of stuff.

When you say, did you record multiple shows and you had to figure out which, oh, okay.

Yeah.

And figure out which was the best quote unquote best.

Well, and then I would tell a joke perfect on one show and then not perfect the next show.

And so you didn't want to use a whole show.

You were trying to like use sentences from each one.

I'm incredibly inconsistent on stage.

I can quote here incredibly inconsistent.

I for each show, I tell 30% of the jokes correctly and then I flood the other.

So it's but it's a it's a different 30% everything.

That's what's exciting about seeing me live.

You don't know what I'll talk about.

She's doing the 70 right now.

So the new record is corset.

You recorded it a couple of years ago and yet it still is is I mean, it's a great record.

It's still is fresh.

It still speaks to the modern American as well as anyone all over the world.

I actually recorded it for the French.

So I'm glad that any Americans identify with it at all.

But tell us about I mean, I was looking at the track list one.

The track list is very funny.

Now, what I wondered was, is it a is it is it representative of the material inside the tracks or is it?

I am trying to bait the only people that download records middle aged men into downloading it.

So yes, the tracks are a little sexier than the material.

Track one human shit.

Now listen, I can defend this one.

Please, please, I'll give you a platform to defend yourself.

San Francisco has a homeless problem.

Okay.

And for the Saturday shows, someone had taken a gigantic shit on the steps leading up to the house.

I'm here to take a stage.

That would be my album.

That's the rest of it.

And so most of the audience had to step over it to get into the show.

And so I begged the other two comics to not mention it.

I said, please, this is.

Please leave it for me.

Please leave the school for me.

And so that's what I.

When you went and cleaned it up before people were like stepping over it.

If I were the owner of the venue, like, E.G. or take a mask or whatever.

I mean, it's San Francisco.

That's just what it is.

Just leave it there.

Okay.

Leave it there.

It'll take care of itself in 100 years.

That's right.

All right.

Number two, masturbation etiquette.

Yeah.

That is a legit title for a legit joke.

Okay.

Good.

So, but that is one of what you're trying to honey trap.

Older men into listening to this record.

Yes.

Exactly.

You have a very, I don't want to characterize the cover in any sort of demeaning way, but.

But you look like a.

It sounds like you're about to look like a thirst trap.

I was trying to do like a fake country in Western sort of like.

In a pool naked.

I'm wearing, I'm wearing flesh colored clothing.

Oh, flesh colored.

They also call that nude.

I hate that word.

Okay.

Love dies children live.

I would imagine we're live.

Live.

Love dies children live.

Yeah.

That's a punch line.

I'm a single mother and it's kind of dealing with the fact that a lot of people in the audience were married and had kids and were very happy and expected their marriages to continue.

And I wanted to let them know that they probably won't.

Hence love dies children live.

You're going to raise your child alone.

That's my message to women.

What percentage of parents are raising their children without the other half?

I wonder.

50?

60?

70?

I don't know.

Interesting.

I think 70 sounds good.

Dead uncles.

Yeah.

You got a few I would guess.

Yep.

No means no.

Good to know.

Maybe.

I mean, is that just a PSA in the middle of?

I try to do rape reduction in every set.

I really do.

You know that about me.

Of course, yes.

No, that's a little joke.

Is this embarrassing going through your track titles?

Nothing's embarrassing anymore.

What happened?

What got you there?

33 years of being a stand up.

Yeah.

I have no dignity or pride.

What year did you start?

You must have started in 87.

87.

Yes.

So, wow, you're coming up on 34 then.

Yeah.

Did you start in December?

No, I started August 27th.

August 27th.

How do you and where did you do it and what was the occasion?

Let's see.

I started at Fu Bars Comedy Club in.

Fucked up beyond all repairs Comedy Club?

That's not how we refer to it.

Okay.

And the checks actually didn't reflect that anymore.

It was called Fu Bars.

It was a club in Martinez, California.

Okay.

That's right because you grew up in Walnut Creek.

Is that right?

Correct.

I think it's a, it either became an Evangelica church, then a Chinese restaurant or the reverse.

Yeah.

It's usually one of those two things on the way to the other.

I found to growing up in California at least.

Enjoy the Comedy Club while you have it because it will be a restaurant.

And then a church or vice versa.

Yes.

And so, yeah, that was the first time I did stand.

And why did you do it?

Did you have a love of the art form and you were like, I got to try this or was it like a fun thing to do?

What was it?

I thought it seemed fun and it and.

33 years later.

What do you think?

Well, my first track is called human shit.

So.

No, I was, I had gone through a depressing depression, I guess.

They usually are.

I found.

They're big downers and I gained a ton of weight.

And I was like, before that I had wanted to be an actress.

And I was like, oh no, and I'll ever cast me in anything because now I'm overweight.

So I'll just try stand up.

And so that's kind of how I got into it.

Interesting.

And so then did stand up make you lose the weight or because stand up is, I mean, it's a lot of pacing.

It is.

If you do it like Chris Rock does it.

I'm not Chris Rock.

Yeah.

He's also throwing the mic at people, which is a lot of.

And he was set up twice, which is a gallery burner.

I mean, I see why he's so skinny.

Yeah.

No, I think it just sort of had something else to do besides eat at least at night.

So that helps me.

Oh, that's true.

Going to the clubs at night suddenly it's like, oh yeah, you're not just sitting there.

Right.

Cheerios.

That saved me about 2000 cows in it.

Right.

Yeah.

Cows are short for calories.

I'm presuming.

Yep, exactly.

That is a little tip for those of you out there.

Have you ever seen that word cows?

It's short for calories.

So 33 years in the business with an incredible achievement.

Yes.

And you're here now.

Is it an achievement?

Okay.

I don't know.

It's a way to get through life.

Yeah.

I think that's worth it.

It's fun.

I mean, do you see a life if you hadn't taken that choice to do FUBARS 33 years ago?

Do you see what your life would have actually been?

Maybe selling real estate in San Ramone or something.

Or award winning, Academy Award winning actress maybe if you had said, you know, I'm just going to stick to this.

Oh, you mean if I believe in myself?

Yeah.

I guess so.

Wow.

You could have been like the new Francis McDormand or, you know?

Yeah.

But I didn't have that in me.

And I said you tell jokes.

That's right.

Or he killed Martin is here.

Of course it is the record.

I've been grounded to a pulp.

I thought it would fight you off.

I knew this would be tough and you got me.

I'm a tough interviewer.

Hard not.

My vulnerability.

Yeah.

Boy, people come out of here.

They don't come out of here unscathed.

I have to say.

But you, you, you, I box you into a corner and you defended yourself and the referees have done the old ding on the bell.

I'm bleeding heavily.

Yes, of course.

But you're spitting out your mouthpiece and it is time to get to our next guest.

Of course it is the record.

People can listen to it.

A great stand up comedian, Lori Kilmarten and, you know, Lori Kilmarten and people should buy their, is there an opportunity to buy it or?

There is.

I mean, it's, it's nicer for any comic if you buy their album as it goes to streaming it because we really get no money from streaming.

You really do get like two pennies.

Yeah.

Or, or not even that.

Maybe a tenth of a penny.

It's so, it's so crazy.

It's like, it's like, it's like, it's so coin sort of fractions.

Right.

And most people, when they buy a record, they only listen to it once or twice anyway, but they're paying $15 or whatever.

You want to listen to human shit three or four times.

Trust me.

You won't believe it.

Never thought I'd hear that sentence.

You'll want to listen to human shit.

We do need to get to our next guest.

He is, I talked about this before.

He's a small business owner.

Have you ever met a small business owner, Lori?

I presume that you have a loan out or something.

I got several PPP loans.

Really do you?

Oh, good.

Did you?

I can only imagine I did.

And I, of course, pay my employees with them.

I certainly didn't keep it all for myself.

But he's a small business owner.

Well, he's been on the show before.

We've talked to him before.

He's the owner and proprietor of Kissy's Grocery.

Please welcome back to the show Albert Rowe.

Thank you, Scott.

Hello, Lori.

Nice to meet you.

Look, I'm just going to get straight to it.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Why are we wasting time?

Albert Rowe is here.

Let's get to whatever you want to get to.

The holidays are, they're among us.

Okay?

They're among us.

The holidays, they're peeking around the corner.

We just passed a big one.

Halloween.

Oh, yeah.

Well, that was the other one.

Yeah, we went right past Halloween.

Didn't even give the, you know, the reverence it was due.

It was a 20.

Just sped up right to Halloween.

And then suddenly we're saying trick or treat.

It's like I was, I'm not through not forgetting.

Yeah.

I'm not even done fully remembering this.

Yeah.

But here we are.

The holidays are among us, as you said.

Meaning, in other words, Thanksgiving and Christmas are coming.

Thanksgiving, look, all the holidays, the holidays are coming from my next guy.

Really?

You don't enjoy these?

It's a busy time in the stores.

You can imagine grocery stores around the holidays, you know.

It's a big time because a lot of the holidays we got coming up.

Big food holidays.

Yeah.

Well, let's run them down.

We have, of course, look, the big one.

Biggest food holiday of the year, in my opinion.

Thanks, kid.

Thanks, E.G.

Yeah, thank you, Geez.

You got turkey, stuffing, cranberry sauce, all the fish.

Sometimes.

Yeah.

Oh, I saw that episode of Everybody Loves Raymond.

Sure.

Which one?

There's an episode of Everybody Loves Raymond.

Yeah, you saw them all, though, didn't you?

I've seen every episode of Everybody Loves Raymond.

I love Raymond.

You're on the Everybody Loves Raymond Reddit board, aren't you?

I'm the only one that's really keeping it alive and I'm just always like, did you guys, look, it's, I'll get into the DVDs.

These box sets are out there.

The DVDs are out there.

I think it's on Paramount Plus, but I'll also expand to the sort of broader universe of Everybody Loves Raymond.

I'll talk King of Queens.

I'll talk.

Everybody hates Chris.

Is that part of it too?

That's in there too.

I get everybody hates Chris and they're really, really funny stuff.

I'll even throw until death.

Really?

Until death?

The Brad Garrett till death?

Yeah, I'll throw until death.

Yeah, why not?

Yeah.

But that's, besides the point.

What about, what about a men of a certain age?

Or even branch out to there or the fourth season of parenthood?

I'll do that.

Look, I'll even throw on the Irishman.

What?

Just have there skies in it?

Well, uh, road guys pretending to be young guys?

Yeah, well, every time I see Raymond there.

But young guys guys I've ever seen, moving like the oldest men I've ever seen.

Yeah.

Moving very normal and like not like they're afraid to die in the middle of it.

So anyway, so the holidays are among us.

All the days are coming from my neck.

Can we just talk to Laurie?

Because Laurie's never met you before.

You did say nice to me.

I wanted to make sure that she knows exactly what your business is.

Do you mind just?

I don't mind refreshing.

We need to know about my store.

It's kind of a, yeah, kissy.

It's kind of a special store.

Kind of a special store.

It's unique.

It's one of its kind.

You know, we, I would love to expand.

But we only got the one location right now.

It's located in Downey, California.

This is far too much explanation.

Yeah, a lot of preamble.

Yeah, the walls are made of glass.

Everything on the store, all the rules are written on the glass so you know what's going on at all times.

What about the partitions in between the aisles?

Are they glass too?

Those are actually, those are like clothes lines sort of.

They really haven't talked about that.

Just hang stuff on it.

Well, last stuff's on the ground or like stacked up.

Oh, okay.

So if you want like, let's say like you want it like, I don't know, you know, some, you're having a hard time thinking of anything in your store.

I'm just trying to think about what's in the store right now because we're refreshing items constantly.

Because of the holidays.

Laurie asks if you ever, if you have earthquake insurance.

I don't have earthquake insurance.

And if you're in my store when there is an earthquake, it says it on the, on the walls.

This good luck.

Just as good luck.

Good luck.

Not my fault.

I didn't make the earthquake.

Nice track.

So by entering the store, you cosign on your own.

Exactly.

Yeah, exactly.

So you are, the store is not liable.

I am not liable.

Who can, who can even predict these things?

These are, I mean dogs sometimes like you hear one dogs.

Yeah.

It's like it's, it's coming in about 30 seconds.

And I'm doing a desk.

I, and that's why every time I hear a dog bark, I get in the doorway.

I never know what's going on.

It's not even your own dog.

Any dog, any random walking down the street and like, get out of my way and get him in, get in the doorway.

And your doorways to be clear are glass doorways.

They're glass.

Yeah.

So they're not very, they're not thick.

Right.

They're not, they're, they're not there.

Oh, this is not thick glass?

We haven't talked about this part of it.

No, the glass.

Yeah.

Thin glass.

It's very, it's very thick.

It's like the glass that you would use as like a prop.

Oh, like, like breakaway glass?

Yeah, it's all breakaway glass.

Yeah.

Like if you're smashing a fake bottle over something.

Smashing a fake bottle throwing somebody through a window.

Yeah, it's delicious.

Oh wait.

You know how I want to get in an earthquake?

Because it seems like it'd be fun.

Yeah.

And you're going to eat your way out.

You get a nice little sweet treat, a little smack roll on your way out.

Why not?

But that's not why your store is so unique.

No, the main thing about my store is that I polish and kiss every item in the store.

So everyone is an NFT.

Sort of.

Yeah.

That's because he's promised by the way.

It's not.

It's the case he's guaranteed.

Oh, that's right.

I'm sorry.

I bought for below good luck.

It's all that's above good luck.

Because you know, that's like, that's to know that when you're going to the store.

That's like a font size of its own.

That's like the main thing.

It's in its own font.

Whoa.

You created a font for this?

I made it.

I worked with.

Yeah, I did work.

It's sort of for none.

Oh, you know.

Sans.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Okay.

There's none.

But so that's what I do my stores.

I kiss every single item.

So you can come to me if you want something.

Do you do this before you open or you're doing it while you're open in front of the people, you know, as like a little show?

Well, yeah, I am sort of like Salt Bay in that way where I.

Now would a second location be called Lickies if you were to expand?

That would be sort of, I guess, in the Kisses expanded universe.

Yes, that many things, my man.

Like you'd be traveling back and forth and it was like maybe the next door to your store.

Well, the rule would be one would be open and the other one would have to just have to be closed.

Okay, so 12 hours open in one, 12 hours over there.

I even go 24.

One day, a whole day open in one location and then the next day that store is closed.

But here's the problem.

There's seven days in a week.

So you couldn't even say like we're open Mondays, Wednesdays, Fridays and Sundays because it would change the next week.

Are you going to have to hire?

Well, I have I have 10 daughters.

That's another part of my.

Oh, yeah, that's not even related.

He's also Jeff Bezos' son.

Yeah, but all that stuff is fairly part of it.

And yes, I did open my store with my inherited wealth, but it's neither here nor there.

But so I'm kidding.

I get aisles are cost prohibitive for you.

You want to pay for my aisles?

I don't.

You never lose.

Jeff Bezos got so much money, by the way, like saying things like this to his employees.

Look, he the way he gets money is that he doesn't pay people to survive.

Right.

Oh, but that's not your thing.

No, I'm just employees.

I know overhead, right?

How did you pick downy, which is a popular tourist destination as a place.

It doesn't have anything to do with like somebody I know being from there or anything like that.

Growing up there.

Yeah, or not.

It's certainly not knowing enough places.

Oh, it wasn't.

It was not that.

It's certainly not due to a guy barely leaving his own backyard.

Yeah, it's absolutely not because somebody I know has never crossed an ocean before.

So it's not near your house?

No, no, no.

Where do you actually live?

Have you talked about this?

I live in Cerritos.

Great.

It's super close.

It's like a baby about me.

To Lory and myself, California natives.

We're enjoying this very much.

Yeah, yeah.

It's about maybe a 12 minute drive on a good day.

But traffic can be in there for like 25 minutes.

Which freeway?

I'll get on the five.

Well, first I'll get on the 91.

Okay.

Right?

To get off on Paramount or Downey or Woody?

You know, I will get, I like to get off on, I think it off on Lakewood because it's a little bit of a drive and I just see what's going on with the other businesses in there.

Do you like to go right or left?

I'll go right.

Y'all.

Great.

If I need to not go to the store though and I have other business, I might go left.

Okay.

Good to know.

So the holidays, that covers kisses, right?

I can't remember everything we've ever talked about.

I think that's all of it.

I think we hit all the things that you would need to know about the store.

But the holidays are coming up now.

Yeah, the holidays are just breathing down my neck.

They're getting so close to it and I'm just, I'm getting nervous because like I said, I don't have.

That's the other thing, by the way, his catchphrase is they're coming for my neck.

So he may say that quite a few times.

It's, you know, is it my catchphrase or is it just something I say all the time when I remember?

By they do mean the IRS?

Well, they could be a lot of people.

Right now, I mean, they as every other grocery store in existence, you know, so they are, you know, we're talking, we're talking, yeah, Vons, John's, Albertsons, Albert, we're talking, yeah, Ralph Safeway, Kroger, uh, yeah, back, Mark, what's in the, uh, That's a New York store, but they might be coming for you.

And they, you know what?

I wouldn't be surprised if I had enemies in the, in the, the big apple.

We haven't even talked about the Trader Joe's, the sprouts.

Trader Joe's and I have an agreement to stay away from each other.

Oh, you do.

Was that with a Trader Jose or this was, I had to talk, I talked to all of them.

I don't know if that's, that's binding anymore.

I talk, I talk, Trader Jose is out.

I spoke with Trader Giotto.

But that explains why you ban Hawaiian shirts in your store.

No Hawaiian shirts.

Yes.

You'd say, and if I see anybody coming in with a Hawaiian shirt, I say, I look at them dead in the rise and say, stay out of my territory.

What about ringing a bell?

Anything like that ever happened?

No bells because like if that, the reverberation from the bell might crack the glass.

Oh yeah.

My store's and we can't, we can't be having that.

We can't do that.

But so look, I got a lot of seasonal items.

I got it on load and we're prepping, we're prepping for the long haul.

We're not just doing Christmas and we're not just doing things.

Giver, we're going all the way through the can.

We have a lot of seasonal items here.

We're going to load.

Oh, do you mean seasonal items of like seasons down?

We're going, we're going every, look, we're doing.

Why did July?

We're doing fours of July.

So you get it all out right now.

I have my store set up right now.

Like the forest in, um, night remember for Christmas with all the doors?

Oh right.

So it's like Jack Skellington's forest.

Right.

Or maybe it's, it's a small world where you travel around a difference.

Yes.

So the land.

Oh no, that's just Trader Joe's with Trader Jose's.

Everything stay out of my territory.

But it is like, yeah, so if you go, you want to go into the Easter aisle, you got to open an Easter egg shaped door.

You got to get in there.

So we got the peeps.

We got eggs.

We got that fake fire.

What do you do for July 4th?

What, what's shape is the door that way?

Is that shaped like a four?

Cause I don't know if I could like, so it's contort my body.

It's just like that Japanese game show where you have to fit in through the hole in the wall.

It's shaped like an exploding fireworks.

So it's better to get into it.

I'm holding my body like a four right now.

I don't know.

I thought you disappeared.

I thought the number four.

It looks like you're surrendering.

Yeah.

I don't care.

That's not what we did on July 4th.

No, you know what?

You're damn right.

We did your damn.

We're the people.

We didn't go.

We didn't go people.

We didn't go down without a fight.

We're by the way.

That's another thing that Albert and I are.

We're very constitutionalists.

I'd say a patriot.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah.

Where were you on January 6th?

You know what?

I was in Washington, D.C.

But it was, it was just like a complete accident.

I was on a train that got stuck.

Oh no.

Really?

Stuck where?

On the tracks.

Oh, okay.

Between destinations, of course.

Of course.

One place had to go straight through Washington, D.C.

Yeah.

Yeah, of course.

And you know what those places are because you're a man of the world.

I'm well traveled.

I've been to more than three states.

So what are the seasonal items that you have out there?

We've got the turkey.

We got, turkeys are a big one right now because they're not refrigerated.

I don't have a lot of cooling systems.

What's the door into the Thanksgiving?

Is it a turkey shaped?

Is it a Native American shaped?

Is it a pilgrim hat?

It's the pilgrim hat with the little buckles on it.

The little buckles.

Yeah.

The little buckles.

See, he'll call them little.

You're right.

They're a main feature.

Not a bug.

I was just, you know what?

I don't know who listens to the show.

So I was trying to be respectful of those pilgrims.

But let me, if pilgrims, if you're listening, shrink those buckles.

You look so stupid.

Wow.

Yeah.

This is a good show.

I can't be part of this anymore.

This isn't...

My vocal assistant tell me this would happen.

Yeah, I'm so sorry, Lori.

But he, shrink those buckles is another thing.

He's been trying to get going.

Yeah, hashtag shrink those buckles.

Yeah, it's not really working out.

But it's so, yeah, we're trying to, I'm just trying to get everybody into store.

You know, Halloween just passed.

So we do have a lot of candy in the store right now.

And I do want to just point out it is not 50% off.

Okay.

Because you have it out there all the time.

It's out for the next Halloween.

It's actually at a 50% markup right now because it's so early for next Halloween.

By the way, shouldn't stores always have candy in them?

Like if I was like November 15th and I was like, oh, I'm hungry for some candy.

Hank, I'm hungry for a snicker.

Yeah, and I went into a grocery store and they were like, oh no, Halloween's over.

What do you want candy for?

You know, it's a year round thing.

Exactly.

I would like to not eat candy corn all year round just because it's on Halloween.

Exactly.

That's your prerogative and I respect your right to you.

So is you wants to live.

But...

And that's right.

And I won't fault you for it.

If you want candy corn from Kissies right now though, it's going to cost you about 50 percent more.

50 percent more.

Yeah.

It's at a markup because it's not a convenient time because so many people know it's in it's for next Halloween.

So you're planning early.

You want to plan early for next Halloween skip all these other holidays?

You're going to pay a little more.

Is candy better when it's aged actually?

I found that that's yeah, I think it's it is better when it's aged because also the Kiss is age.

That's the other thing.

I mean, like those kisses are just going to appreciate.

And you know what's the value as well.

Those are a big seller because you can imagine I have a licensing deal with with Hershey's on the on the Kiss itself.

So I'm I'm getting it.

Yeah.

Oh, the Hershey's Kisses.

I didn't think of this double kisses.

Yeah, that's what no, it's huge.

That's like the sort of salt bay attraction for Halloween.

Wow.

I get in there and I'm just like I'm kissing all of them.

I'm putting my head in the in the bucket.

I would imagine you would just kiss the package.

But you kiss every single kiss.

I'm getting that thin little piece of paper and I'm giving that a little kiss.

I'm getting a little foil.

You're kissing the paper and the foil individually.

You're getting in there.

That's their time consuming.

Hey, well, you know what?

That's why the store is only open for one day a week.

It's got to be now.

I got too much to do.

There's so many items in here.

I got a kiss.

So that's that's Halloween.

Yeah, it's Halloween.

It seemed like you came prepared to talk about a lot of things, but then I'm noticing right now you seem to have run out of steam.

No, look, like my favorite guy, Captain America, I could do I could do this all day.

Sure, of course.

Look, let's talk Thanksgiving.

Look, the stuffing, that's hard.

That's hard to do because I'm sort of then doing the math like, okay, what am I, what am I supposed to kiss here?

Am I supposed to kiss the wrong ingredients?

Yeah.

Am I supposed to be making stuffing and kissing the little, the little.

Which do you do?

Do you actually make stuffing?

Do you hold the turkey by the legs and get in like this?

Yeah, yeah, I sort of, well, that's the thing.

We do do a, we do a tarduchen also.

So to get the other, the chicken and the duck in there.

To lure them in there, you got to kiss them.

Well, that's what I'm doing.

I'm doing it while they're alive.

Right.

You're puffing them while they're alive and then you're puckering up.

You're opening the turkey, the turkey's the outside.

Yeah, I'm giving that a nice little smooch.

And your, and then.

So consent is being.

I asked, hey, are you down to be a tarduchen?

And that's, I put out an ad for all the, the chicks and ducks and turkeys out there.

Okay.

Like, hey, whoever responds, they're really.

Would you be rather pardoned by the, the, the clown in chief or do you want?

Oh boy, don't get me started on this guy.

Or would you rather be a tarduchen?

I would rather go, oh boy.

Or would you rather be a tarduchen in my store?

And they usually sign up for the tarduchen.

Yeah, because he wants to join the circus out there in Washington.

Uh, yeah.

That place you got stuck.

Yeah.

On complete action.

Yeah.

Exactly.

On the tracks between the other place.

Yeah.

And I was coming from somewhere else, by the way.

Yeah.

I understand.

Yeah.

Um, that about it.

I mean, look, we do Christmas too.

I'll wrap gifts for Christmas also.

Right.

So you have a gift wrapping part.

Is that, when you say gifts, do you mean things that people buy at your store?

You wrap as gifts.

I'll buy something in my store during the, well, I'll call it the Holy Holiday of Christmas.

Sure.

I'll wrap it up.

The birthday of old JC.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

And you know, the one day year that the big man works.

Uh, sure.

Spoken like a true constitution.

Yeah.

I call the big man Santa Claus.

Uh, and he, so he's a friend.

And so I sort of, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

Santa Claus is a friend.

Santa Claus is a friend of mine.

He's been on the show before really.

He's, he's never mentioned me before.

He's never mentioned you.

That sucks.

You're looking kidding me?

No.

He, I mean, you've never mentioned him though.

I mean, you've been on the show.

Oh, I gotta talk about all my friends all the time.

Well, that's what he would say.

That's what he said.

Is that what then?

Oh, that's funny.

Okay.

I love that.

Yeah.

Oh, it was good.

Are you ever inappropriate with Mrs. Claus?

Maybe that's why he wouldn't bring you.

Well, I had, I saw, I saw my mom kissing him one time.

Oh, I didn't care for that too.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

That kind of actually really sucked for me.

On what part of his body?

On his balls.

Oh, no.

That is true.

I shouldn't harbor resentment for that.

That's where I did get the idea.

You know, I, I, that's, you know, it's, that's where you got the idea.

You saw your mother kissing Santa Claus as balls.

And I gave you the idea for the store.

And I said, hang on a second.

Dad's not going to love this.

But I got a great idea.

You know, where inspiration is going to come from?

Yeah, exactly.

You can't be prepared for when the moment strikes, you know.

And so, yeah, I'll wrap Christmas presents.

And if you also want me to give them to Santa directly, I hang out with him pretty often because he's not really, he works one day a week.

No, I mean, he's got a lot of free time.

Yeah.

So I hang out with him quite a bit.

So all, you know, hey, you bring me a present.

It's like those, it's like those people on SNL.

They work one day a week and they have so much time off.

I know.

What are they doing the other six days?

On the nighttime too.

Yeah.

Like they only started 11th.

Yeah, exactly.

It's like, I'm surprised they're not seeing, well, that's why, you know, all these guys have time to date every Monday that comes to the show.

Yeah.

And then Kardashian is like, oh, okay, well, let's see.

We could date on Monday.

We could date on Tuesday.

We could date on Wednesday.

We could date on Thursday.

We could date on Friday.

Saturday, no more dates.

Can I just say too, I've also been to Pete Davidson's New York.

I've been there before.

Oh, yeah.

Good.

Yeah.

So yeah, if you want, I can give you, I can give your present directly to the big man when we hang out and he'll deliver it.

Wait, I'm buying presents for Santa Claus?

No!

Scott, follow along my man.

You buy a present.

You give it to me.

I give it to Santa.

What does Santa do with it?

He doesn't have any use for presents.

That's his whole thing.

He gives them away.

I thought he made the presents.

You think he makes them?

Well, I got to buy presents now for who?

You're giving it.

So it's kind of removing you as the middleman.

So whoever you're getting presents for doesn't suspect you.

No, it's adding you as a middleman.

So when else gets thanked?

Yeah, well, you're welcome.

Do you have a thing where it's like also from Albert on the...

I do sort of put that on there and I will kiss it also.

So like, hey, Santa, don't worry about it.

This one's on me and I'll give that a little kiss.

He delivers the present for you and you're like, wow, look what Santa got you.

Because you don't want anybody young to sort of be like, oh, somebody tricked me?

This isn't from...

I don't know what you're talking about right now.

I'm trying to figure it out.

There's a moment in your life when you're a child.

I remember I had this moment where I noticed that Santa's handwriting was also my mom's handwriting.

Oh!

So you removed that part of it.

But they were in a relationship.

They were smashing for sure.

So people when they kiss each other's balls.

Yeah, it's sort of like a handwriting through osmosis sort of thing.

But you were too young to understand that.

I didn't know what was going on and now that I know that they...

You know, handwriting sync for anization.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

So we do Christmas, we do Easter, we do...

We all know the other holidays, but now January.

Yes, of course.

So is there any sort of jingle for the holidays that are coming up that you're using and any of your radio promos or...

You know, there could be.

That's something that I...

Should I be advertising on the radio?

Do you advertise at all?

I mean, is this all you're doing is coming on this show every few months?

I think this is a big part of it.

But you also know that the way that I get the word out on this show is that I'm a vandal.

I go out in the streets and I tag various buildings like, hey, Kissy's is back over there.

Right.

Go turn around, go to the store.

You forgot something.

No, that's right.

We talked about that on a previous episode.

We have no idea.

You're out there tagging other stores saying like, don't go to this store.

This store freaking stinks.

No, but I think that you could have it like a jingle or something like that.

Like, what are the main important things that you would want people to know about your business and then we can think of rhyme words and then that's how you think of a jingle?

Okay.

Yeah, I want your stuff's going to get kissed.

That's a big part of it.

Okay, Kiss.

You think we can get Kiss to do the song?

Kissed the band?

Yeah.

The Knights and Satan service?

Oh, wait.

That's for that?

Yeah, I'm sorry.

Kissed?

I guess it's okay, but Laurie's still thinking of his store.

We're talking about this.

Okay, so we have- We get on a track.

I don't stop.

I'm going to do the whole alphabet.

Grill is in the mist.

Okay.

That's great.

Kissed and grill is in the mist.

Well, that'll be a stanza right there.

We got that.

The store's made of glass, glass, and- Mass.

Mass.

Before you go to Christmas Mass, go to the store whose walls are made of glass.

That's very good.

Before you watch, grill is in the mist, go to the store where everything has been kissed.

I think- Yeah.

Who do we get to record?

Do you think Gene's going to do it?

And Gene's in?

Or Gene's smart.

I'll get sis- Well, even there.

I guess we're ever right.

Yeah.

Wait, Gene.

Yeah.

Let's put a call out to any gene right now.

I think you've heard all three of them.

I think that's all genes.

Yeah.

Hey, if a pair of pants wants to sing, it's a good one too.

Why not?

I guess those are the DNA, if any DNA.

I want to.

Oh.

And RNA as well.

Of course.

Please, this Christmas, this holiday season, don't forget RNA.

No.

So that's- I mean, is that all we need for a jingle?

That's all you need, yeah.

I'll get to- and throw some bells in there too, alright?

Yeah, some jingle bells probably.

Yeah.

Make sure people know it's a Christmas song.

But that's, you know, come to the holidays- Come to the holiday sale- You've got to work on this.

Come to the- If you really want people to come, make sure you're messaging is strong.

I think stammering through- My pitch is charming and people will be like, I'll go through that guy alone.

It makes people know that you're doing it on the spot and that you're not rehearsing.

Yes, and that, you know, it's, you know, it's- I don't know.

You're going to have to pull this out.

You know what it is.

What is it?

Please, I'm begging you.

It's not new information.

It's tucked in the mind palace.

He's got to go all the way back there.

Yeah, get it.

Okay, yeah, you're in the mind palace.

Of course, of course you're in the mind palace.

I see you retreating back into this.

I'm always- I got one foot in there, one foot out.

All right, well, Albert, we need to take a break if that's okay.

Please.

I probably could have done it 10 minutes ago, but you could have stopped me at any time.

Okay, great.

But when we come back, we're going to be talking to a fashion designer.

Are you interested in fashion?

I love clothes.

Either of you, Lori, what do you think?

Oh, yeah, you could tell from looking at me.

Yeah.

Well, I know you have a great dress.

I like anything you do.

Is it a dress or is it a thing?

It is a dress.

I don't look below the eyebrows.

I mean, people use a thing.

So I'm just guessing.

When we come back, we'll have a fashion designer and we'll also have a pickup artist.

Very exciting show.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Lori Kilmartin is here.

Corset is the album.

It is out there.

Buy it anywhere.

You can buy it.

Do you have a website that people can buy it?

Kilmartin.com.

Had a little ice in my mouth, but I think I chocked it before you.

Okay, good.

Good.

Well, if your mouth sounds numb at all, it'll be because of that.

But Corset is out there.

Anything else you want us to let people know about the record?

No, no, it's just...

It's approximately 40, 50 minutes long.

50 minutes in.

Yeah, sure.

Some sex talk, some dead, dad talk, some live son talk.

Yeah, if you want to laugh your ass off, I guess, you could go ahead and listen to that, right?

Yeah.

Could that be a jingle?

We could put it in there.

If you want to, yeah, sort of maybe co-sponsor that jingle.

We'll plug the album in the song, so it's sort of like a two-in-one sort of thing.

Albert Rowe is here, Jeff Bezos' son of Kissies.

I would prefer not to leave.

It's barely part of it.

Yeah, I know.

You're my Kenzie Bezos' son.

Yeah, thank you.

A lot of confusing messaging, by the way.

Your name is Rowe, but your job Bezos' son, and your store's name is Kissies.

Yeah.

Your name is Kissie.

I don't know what's so hard to follow about.

It's a confusing chain of command here.

It's, you know, I changed my last name to sort of distance my show from...

Sure.

But then why not call it Rose?

What?

Okay, nevermind.

Well, people think he's my Rose son.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

You know, community of my grow?

Yeah, I think so.

Yes.

Yeah.

All right, we need to get Dora next guest.

She's a fashion designer.

Her first time on the show, this is exciting.

I love talking about fashion on the show, but we don't get to do it all that much because we barely have any fashion designers on the show.

But here she is for the first time, Sammy Samantha.

Hi.

Thank you so much for having me on.

And everything that I've been hearing just about the seasonality of things is really pertinent to what I came on the show to discuss.

Oh, great.

You came on to...

Did you come on to discuss fashion design?

Yeah, fashion.

So, where?

Okay, because that's what you do.

Sometimes people come on and they don't want to talk about what they actually do for a living, so...

Well, I thought I wouldn't like repeat like what you just said, because I could see like if, you know, you introduced me as a fashion designer and if I said, yeah, I am a fashion designer, I could see you saying, yeah, I just said, yeah.

I just said that.

Right.

Oh, okay.

Well, I'm okay.

So, you're like gaming out the conversation several...

Yeah, I...

Several moves in advance.

Well, that's what I do.

I'm gonna try and forecast her and being ahead.

Okay.

You're an innovator.

But I feel like we can tell you're a fashion designer from your sweatshirt.

Oh, yes.

Thank you.

So, my sweatshirt is covered in bees.

Yeah.

Those are...

I hope they're dead.

They are dead bees because bees are dying.

Not that I hope bees are dead.

Well, bees are dying.

So, you kind of...

Yes.

I'm fine.

Are you pro or anti-bee?

It's a bad thing.

I hope all mosquitoes die, but I don't hope bees die, but I hope...

Oh, he lives.

But I hope those bees are dead just because we're in the same room with them.

Yeah, so these bees are our dead.

Okay.

And the reason that they are dead is because bees are dying.

So, what I'm doing right now is I'm sort of wearing this sweatshirt.

Just kind of put that out there.

Like, life is short.

The bees are fucking dying.

It's a powerful message.

Think about that.

And also, if you're noticing on my hands...

Yeah, where is that?

These are crocs.

So...

Okay.

Right now what I'm doing is I'm not wearing shoes, but I'm wearing my shoes on my hands.

Yeah.

What am I doing with that?

What am I saying with that, right?

I don't know.

You're saying that hands are like the feet of the arms?

I'm saying...

What I'm saying is, hey, what can I own my shoes?

But what if my shoes were my hands?

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

That's an interesting message.

I'm kind of thinking about that.

Yeah.

How about along with dead bees really says stuff.

Exactly.

It's basically what I'm projecting right now.

Is there...

Yeah.

You don't know me.

You don't know who I am.

Yeah.

I don't.

You don't know what I've been through?

No, I'm sorry.

Have you been through something bad or...?

No, actually I have a really good life.

Oh, okay.

So, tell us about yourself.

How long have you been fashion designing?

I mean, since the womb.

Since...

Oh, yours or someone else's?

My mom's.

Oh, your mom's?

Okay, great.

Were there bees in her womb?

No bees.

Just warm.

A lot of fluids.

Yeah.

Snutrients?

Yeah.

Fluid, thick fluids.

Yeah, swimming around in there.

Blood.

Yeah, blood.

All types of blood.

Yeah.

Really?

Aze bees?

You said blood.

Oh, bloods.

No cribs.

Just bloods.

Exactly.

So, yeah, basically out of the womb and in the womb, just thinking of ideas.

Ideas.

Boom, boom, boom, boom.

Coming into me.

And we talked before.

This is the first time you've been on the show, right?

First time I've been on the show.

I feel like I talked to someone else who always is having ideas.

Always snapping?

No, no, no.

I'm snapping.

I just always having ideas.

Oh, I don't know.

Maybe if I...

But a lot of creative people, that's, you know, what they have.

This is the completely original person that I am.

No, you...

I've never met you before, of course not.

But I am here basically.

So I just quick, quick, some of who I am.

Okay.

Bam, started designing immediately.

I mean...

Out of the womb.

I am putting on my mom's watching me put on these outfits.

She's saying, huh, that looks like something I've worn before.

And these are like grown up outfits?

Are they diapers?

Are they baby outfits?

Yeah, they're like just going into her closet.

I might take like my dad's tie and I might tie it around my waist.

Which is insanity.

You see like a person who takes a part of clothing that usually is on part of the body and then you put it on a different part of the body.

Is that sort of your MO?

And what are you saying when you do that, right?

But it's...

I've had an infant before and the physical dexterity that you had at such a young age is really impressive.

Thank you so much for saying that and noticing that.

And I...

You're welcome.

Yeah, thank you.

I'm very pro woman.

That's awesome.

I'm a pro woman too.

But I'm also anti man.

Oh, yes.

I take it on a case by case basis usually.

Well, I'm pro boy.

Sorry.

I have the privilege to be able to do that.

To judge people individually.

I am getting, you know, I had a brief stunt on Project Runway.

Oh, okay.

As a competitor or as a...

Yeah, as a competitor, I was on the show.

Oh, wow.

Tim and Heidi and everything.

All the works, all the fixings.

All the fixings.

Nina.

Yeah.

And the other one.

Yeah, Christian.

Christian.

I love the other one.

He's good.

Everyone who was there was there when you were there.

Right.

And then all of a sudden I got like a cease and desist and they said you were never on the show.

You just edited yourself on the show.

You make it look like you were on the show and I said, how dare you.

I'm not gonna wait.

You didn't show up wanting to be on the show.

You just edited clips of yourself into it.

I was on the show.

Oh.

But they are saying...

There's a story out there that you just edited with rudimentary software.

Yeah, they said it looked like, you know, I was in my bedroom and I was in my house in my kitchen and trying to be on the show.

But actually, you know, I was there.

I remember.

I remember every...

How did you do?

How did you place?

Did you win?

I got second.

That's amazing.

It seems like they're wrong.

So I feel.

Yeah.

So after that, I just said, you know what, I'm gonna do my own thing.

Like even though I'm getting hit with all these lawsuits, I'm just gonna go for it.

Wait, wait, wait, all these lawsuits?

I guess we didn't talk about that.

I mean, I know the Project Runway maybe has that story against you, but there were other lawsuits?

Yeah.

They're new show on Amazon called...I don't remember what it's called, but I was on that show too.

Okay.

At some point, you can't remember all the shows you're on.

So there's too many.

Yeah.

There's a lot of fashion shows out there.

Right.

But, you know, so now I'm kind of actually, even though I said I was anti-man, I'm getting into menswear.

And I'm trying to fall in love with the man.

Okay.

Yeah.

Let's talk about the features on a man's body.

Somewhere in there is the big old dingle dingle.

And then the rest.

Yeah.

So when you said dingle dingle, you're talking about the butt.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Perfect.

So what I like to do is first I start with the head.

What are we saying with the head, right?

Right.

Hello.

Right.

But we're...

A lot of what we're saying right now, we're saying with our heads.

Yeah.

So when we're going in, especially, we're going in from fall, which is right now, we're going in winter.

So what do you want to project going into winter?

And I think a lot of men want to feel powerful.

Right.

Or maybe there's...

I feel like that's all here though, that they like to feel powerful.

Exactly.

Thank you for saying that.

You're welcome.

Sometimes in the winter, I'm projecting.

I'm cold.

And so I want to put more stuff on.

Okay.

I'm so glad you said that.

People think less is more, but actually more is more.

Right.

Yeah, because there's two different words.

There's less and more.

And less describes something that is not more.

It describes something that's less.

Right.

So when people say less is more, it's I always look at them like, you're a fucking idiot.

Exactly.

So for me, what I'm thinking, going into winter for men, tiny, tiny hats.

So...

How...

How can I ask how tiny and what...

A thimble.

Size of a thimble.

A paperclip.

Size of one of those little thing.

Like thumbtacks?

Yeah.

That's a hat.

She was maiming.

I didn't just come up with thumbtacks and I was right.

But with the pan, actually, go right into their head.

Yeah, interesting.

So just to make sure that it would step.

So no chin strap.

It would just like a thumbtack that goes right into their head.

How would you hammer it in their head to make sure it's...

Like, capillations?

I think I would kind of poke it really hard.

Yeah.

Right.

So you could top hat.

Tiny, top hat.

Like imperceptible?

Yeah, they're just kind of like, huh, wait, is that something?

Is that a bug?

No, it's a hat.

It's a power top hat.

Power hat.

And...

Or maybe we do a pilgrim hat.

I'm so glad that you brought that up earlier.

So glad.

Hey, thank you so much.

Guys, again, I don't want to have to walk, but please, you know.

Yeah, please don't say your thing.

I'm so sorry to bring it up again.

Okay.

I won't talk about the, you know, what is being...

A very sensitive, towards both.

The rhymes with uckles.

Yeah.

So we're going to do also, I mean, always the fedora.

Never forget fedora.

But a tiny one.

A tiny one, exactly.

That's what we should say around September.

Never forget fedora.

Yeah, that's right.

Never forget.

Yeah.

Why are you tiny though?

What are you trying to say with this?

Is it purely that you don't have a lot of material to make this, you can't afford a lot of material?

Is that what it is?

Well, that's definitely, you know, I am in financial distress, but...

What happened?

Well, like I told you, me and hit with just so many lawsuits.

Well, I'm not surprised.

Right.

But have you had to pay those lawsuits out or I mean...

Yeah, I am, apparently.

You said distress.

It makes me feel like something is happening currently that's like active, you know?

My daddy, my dad.

Sure.

I know who you mean when you say daddy.

My daddy is with this new woman.

She's coming in like a sorcerer.

She is.

What?

What do you mean by that?

You said that like you thought we would know what you meant when you said that.

She's coming in like a sorcerer.

She's taking over his brain.

She's infecting him.

Yeah, I got it.

And I'm pro woman, but this woman is next level.

She's marrying your father or she's just coming in like a sorcerer.

Well, I hate it when women come in like sorcerer.

You're pro women.

I am, but not when they come in like sorcerer.

Right.

I'm kind of an entire sorcerer at this point.

Right.

And so she's coming in.

She's sort of, she's not their, their dating.

They're not anything more yet.

Right.

She's already turning his head away from me.

I see it every day.

Okay.

So she is.

And was he your financial lifeline was, he was the one who was propping you up and supporting your whole lifestyle?

Yeah, it would be like daddy, can I get a 50?

Can I get a 200?

A 200.

You know Albert what she's talking about.

I'd prefer not to sort of comment.

How should you inherit though?

I mean, it started with a B.

I mean, a couple.

I mean, her dress started with a B.

And then she added hundreds of them.

That's what I mean.

It was my turn.

The first thing he gave you was a B.

The first thing he was a B was like, make something with this.

And I was like, I got an idea.

Honey.

And then you know, from there.

It snowballed.

You're like snowballed.

It wasn't my idea, but it's like, it's sort of like what I, you know, you, you know, you make, you get a lemon.

You're going to do one thing with it.

They make lemonade.

So I was like, okay, I'm going to take this B.

I'm going to milk it for some honey.

And then he bought it from me.

And so then he started selling it's an Amazon.

Did he buy it for his choice?

How much do you pay for this honey?

Oh, you get a quarter of a billion dollars.

Oh, yeah.

If you teach a B to honey.

Right?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

You can lead a, you can lead a B to honey, but you can't make it sting.

Whoa.

I would love to put that on your shirt.

It's yours.

You could have it.

Really?

Yeah.

Speaking of the newest.

I wouldn't get that away.

I would want to be a proponent of and I'm a proponent of.

Do you mean make or when you say be a proponent of what does that mean?

It means, it means yes, I could make them in theory right now.

I'm in financial distress.

That's right.

Because daddy, his girlfriend's coming like a sorcerer.

Right.

Go right.

Could you cast a press it?

Do you know what that is?

Oh, is that where you just take it to a cafe and they kind of use the espresso maker on it?

Yes.

They press the beans.

Yes, they press it at a cafe.

Oh, I have, I've only dabbled in that.

Okay.

Oh, you've dabbled.

Okay.

Yeah.

So where was I?

You were talking about a new shirt that you're, you want to be a proponent.

I am such a proponent of deep fees for men.

Deeper the V, the closer to.

Oh, the, the, the, the closer to the ball.

The dingle.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

The goggy dinghy.

So I'm trying to imagine your look, your, your fall collection, your winter collection.

Yes.

Basically like guys with super deep V necks all the way down to their ball sack.

Yeah, the balls, well the dick and balls are out of the V.

They're out.

They're just, they're flopping out.

And it goes, it, it doesn't, it's not a.

The point of the V is all the way up to the butt crack around the other side.

Um, the point of the V, yes.

But it's, so it basically, but it doesn't connect.

It doesn't.

Oh, so it's not even a V.

So it's not only a tary, it's just sort of a wrap.

No, no, it is a V.

It's a deep V.

Okay.

It goes all the way down.

Your dick is out of the V.

Right.

It goes underneath over the butt.

Right.

It's just a flap and that flap that goes over your butt sits out of your tiny pants, which we will talk about.

Okay.

Oh, we're going to talk about tiny pants.

I don't know what it got, but that seems super convenient for guys, right?

Guess.

I don't know if it's flattering and then to add to that a thimble sized top hat.

I'm not, I'm not quite sure, but tell us about the tiny pants.

Okay.

So thank you for asking.

Tiny, tiny, tiny pants.

Thank you.

So let's say that you go into a store and you go, I'm going to go to the kids section.

And you go to the, why am I there?

I am childless.

Because you're, I don't know, you're there.

You think maybe you're like a Walmart or a Target or something and you're, that doesn't explain it.

Why am I going to the kids section?

Because you're saying, listen, you'll find out.

Okay.

Yeah.

Why are you going to the kids section?

I don't know.

I like to be painted with his brush here.

So Scott.

You specifically, you walk into maybe even a baby gap.

Okay.

Oh, yeah.

I don't know.

And you go straight to the back to the little boys.

Okay.

I don't like the way this story is going.

You're going to find it.

I own me.

I haven't seen him go to a baby gap yet, but I have seen him go into other mysterious places.

Is it common when you are going to appear on someone's talk show?

You, you tell them for a week beforehand?

I wanted to make sure I had all the information so that again, I was the head of the book.

I wanted to make a game ahead of the chat.

You're a futurist.

Yes.

Okay.

Futurist.

Like a sorcerer.

Don't you dare say that.

I am absolutely not a fucking sorcerer, but I do have sorcerer tendencies and I'm working to the therapist to address them.

Okay.

Great.

Tells about this.

So when you go in, you maybe you find like the 11 year old section 11, because they do it by age.

They do it that specifically.

And you want to pick up a pair of, I'd say any kind of colored pants, maybe, I mean, could be jeans, could be plods, could be covered in little pineapples or something fun, like man tuck vibes.

You're going to have a man tuck up pineapples now that you bring it up, right?

Them all the time.

And they also represent pineapples, which is super fun.

Represent swingers.

I don't know if that's good for you.

None's got what they represent.

Swingers?

People put out pineapples on their front doorsteps to say, I will have sex with you.

They do.

I'm my ice wings.

Yeah.

And if you're just walking by someone's house and you see a pineapple on the doorstep, you're invited to go up there and have sex with anyone.

It's sort of like a neighborhood thing.

So like other neighbors are like, okay, he's got a pineapple.

I've got a pineapple.

We all can fuck each other.

Couldn't they just like say to each other like, Hey, I like to fuck people.

They got to be able to know who they can approach.

It's a very good like signal.

All right.

You're like, is this also whole true in Hawaii?

Or I don't know.

Yeah.

I was going to say kind of confusing in a more tropical climate.

Maybe, yeah, maybe they do the opposite.

Yeah, where it's like stuff that yeah, or yeah, exactly.

Oh, yeah.

The opposite of pineapple.

So you put on the 11 year old pants, you talk your deep, deep, deep, deep, deep, deep into it.

So I'm walking in there with my cock and balls already.

Yeah.

Into this baby gap.

Gorge the little voice.

Yes.

You're going to pull those teeny tiny little pants up.

You're going to pull that flap underneath and over the butt and then out the back.

Okay.

You're going to leave that front, those front because you're not going to get them very high.

You're going to leave the zipper undone.

I can only imagine they go up to my knees.

Maybe I'm going to sit on your upper thighs.

Okay.

So what are we going to do about your exposed dick, right?

I like to know that.

That's not so.

So don't ask the question unless you know the answer, right?

Yes, exactly.

So right now I'm working with a team.

They say that I actually need to, again, cease and desist, but right now I'm working with the team to develop a type of boa.

Do you know boas?

Sure.

Yeah.

The feathered thing that usually is wrapped around a neck, but I bet you put it somewhere else.

The constrictor?

Exactly.

Oh, that's actually going to be a boa constrictor.

Oh, wow.

I never realized that a boa is named after the constrictor type snake.

So we're working to get snakes shipped over here.

Lots and lots of snakes.

You're going to wrap that snake kind of like, I don't know, a cinnamon roll.

Oh, like, how do you mean?

I guess I haven't paid that much attention to a cinnamon roll.

You know, spiral.

Kind of like magic.

Spiral.

Around it.

My favorite Saw film.

Speaking of Chris Rock, right?

Mm-hmm.

Okay, and then you're going to top it off with some uggs.

Oh, just plain uggs.

Plain old uggs.

The planer the better?

Regular old, probably vintage uggs.

Okay.

And to me, what are you saying with this outfit?

I don't know.

You're the person who's designed it.

So what do you want to say?

How do you feel in it?

Not good.

I would imagine.

I'd be flapping around.

I'd probably be arrested just walking in there.

I think you feel really powerful.

I think you're saying to everybody, hey, okay, maybe I wear my heart on my sleeve.

Maybe I'm a little bit vulnerable sometimes and a little exposed.

Yes.

Okay.

Maybe I am a big boy.

Look at this tiny hat.

I love that.

Look at these tiny fans.

I hope that all men wear this outfit this winter.

Thank you.

Yeah.

That's how I'm feeling.

And obviously, you know, it's not really working out in terms of like the development.

Like right now I would be coming out with my line.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

But obviously you're in financial distress due to the sorts of reaction.

But what maybe we could crowdsource this, you know, instead of you having to make all these clothes, maybe some of our fans out there could make these clothes for themselves, take pictures of it and then tag, you know, maybe you on Twitter or something like that.

Wow.

That sounds so good.

Yeah.

Would you like pictures of guys with their deep bees like being sent to you all the time?

I would absolutely love if they tag you Scott because I don't know.

No, no, I have a friend Jason Mancukas who think of tag.

It's a L-I-L-Y-L.

Scott, Awkerman.

No, no, I can't.

And Instagram.

Yeah.

Have you spoken of Aquaman?

Hey, thank you.

Thank you.

Well, this is great.

I mean, I wish you all the luck in the world and that's a lot.

Wow, Dan.

Well, if you're going to any events coming up soon, you know who to call.

Who's that?

Oh, yeah.

No, you can call the company is currently suing me there.

Oh, OK.

They have your number.

OK, great.

Well, Sammy Samantha, great job here.

I look forward to seeing some of these pictures and we need to take a break.

When we come back, we have a pick up artist.

So I don't know if any of you guys, I mean, are in the market for love, but we have some tips up coming up.

Oh, for you.

Never mind.

I just always looking for I'm always looking for men.

You're all.

Oh, really?

To dress or to love to hate to dress?

OK, great.

Well, I believe Justin the pickup artist is going to tell us how to do this.

We're going to come right back.

We'll be back with more Sammy Samantha, more Albert Ro, more Lori Kilmartin.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we are back, of course.

Lori Kilmartin is here.

She's on her phone.

She's checking.

Just put it away.

Checking what's going on.

Just put it away.

We were in a break of course.

I mean, look, Ross said it.

The world spins.

I'd like to know what's happening in the world.

We're in a little defending his texts.

He was like checking his text.

He was like, we were on a break.

I was checking my text.

You know what?

Yeah, right.

Do you know who Ross is?

Not the dress for less.

Oh, no, then no.

OK, you're used to dealing with that guy.

Yeah, but Ross is very similar.

We were on a break.

Is that how Ross from Ross dress for less?

You think that's how Ross sounds?

Why, who do you think I sound like?

More like like Mr. Jerry Seinfeld.

Oh, what's the deal with breaks?

Yeah, there you go.

OK.

We see a lot of his show around.

He's always like, oh, my God, there's a DVD box sets.

Oh, my God, I'm on Netflix now.

But everybody loves Raymond.

Yeah, we're standing to sound like it's not true.

Yeah, everybody loves Seinfeld, maybe.

Yeah, change the name.

Yeah, just just Raymond.

Oh, wait, did you change?

OK, we need to get to our next guest.

Justin the Pickup Artist.

It's his first time on the show.

He's a pick up artist.

His name is Justin.

There's nothing more to say.

Please welcome Justin the pick up artist.

Oh, hello, hello, hello.

Hi, Justin.

Hi, one of you.

Hi, two men.

Hi, two women, everybody.

Hi, whatever gets the noodle going.

Hi, whatever gets the item.

Yeah, from you or from you?

No, no, no.

I'm hiding because after this, y'all going to be able to get them all.

Oh, oh.

So we need to have one, two, three, four here.

That's going to be four less men and women on the street.

Oh, my God.

Are you going to train us?

I'm going to train y'all.

How you doing?

It's so nice to meet you.

Oh, you know.

I was going to say I'm a big fan, but I don't know what you do.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

There's no need to be modest, God.

There's no need to be modest.

You know, I think when we want to be polite to each other to the extent that we'll just lie.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, but you know, listen, I heard through the grapevine, which is why I reached out to you to come on here to the old comedy bank.

I reached out to you because I heard through the grapevine that you was looking, you know, for a little, you know, no, no, no, I was a buyer, right?

You might have heard the Vanessa Bayer episode.

Yeah, yeah, I was very, very clear that I'm happily married, and only looking for a deep, deep friendship with you.

See, that's the first.

I thought you were going to say deep, deep, deep.

Oh, no.

The deep, deep V.

That's me.

I'm scared to rough.

How deep my V was.

No, I'm not sure, Scott.

I'm not sure.

Wait till you hear tip number three.

Oh, man.

Well, she'd be up to one and two.

Oh, one and two.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, we jumping in.

We jumping in.

Yeah.

All right.

Now, I think these guys are out there.

They're in these streets.

They're looking at the streets.

Yeah, I am raw.

Like I'm out there.

Ooh, you're okay.

I'm Queens Boulevard.

Oh, shit.

Yeah, I had a different friend.

It was Queens Boulevard.

That's interesting.

All right.

Well, let me tell you something.

Here's the thing, everybody.

Here's the thing.

First thing you got to know is you got to have what we call in the streets.

Confidence.

I'm talking like you got a little piece of shit in your pants confidence.

Right?

Does that make you confident?

Yeah, I don't know what you mean by that.

Listen, all right.

Let me tell you what I mean.

Can you imagine walking out in the sidewalks of Los Angeles, just a little colonel with a hoopoo in your pants and still being able to talk to a person?

Wow.

Yeah, I imagine that confidence.

I'm too worried.

I'd want to run home and shame.

No, Scott, that's the thing.

You can't run home and shit.

Do it right now.

Take a, like, take a, just pretend like it.

Oh, oh, okay.

Pretend like it.

Not first.

I'm Vanessa.

Okay.

Now talk to me without shit in your pants.

Oh, hey, Vanessa.

I really, really want to be a friend.

I'm very needy.

Goodbye.

I'm the shit in your pants.

Do I need to, at my mouth, the shitting part of it or?

What's your process?

You got a process?

I kind of need to.

Yeah.

Go ahead.

Okay.

Here we go.

Go ahead.

Sorry.

I'm a little pushy.

Okay.

That's, I mean, that turned out a little bigger than I think what you were thinking, but.

This is so much work.

As long as we don't leave the pilgrims alone.

I'm all around.

We don't leave them all alone.

The pilgrims don't have anything to do with this.

All right.

Hey, Vanessa.

Yeah.

Ooh.

How you doing with that deep ass V?

You got on right there.

You're doing pretty good girl.

How are you doing?

Oh my God.

Oh wow.

I'm telling you, I'm like.

Where are you at these days?

What's good?

I mean, you're bad Scott.

Oh really?

I mean, you're bad Scott.

I'm not interested in that.

I just want a friendship.

Hey, listen, the best way to come with friendships.

Oh, I don't know what you mean by that.

They cut.

They start as friendships.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Oh, you meant to say that really?

I didn't say that right off the bat.

Ooh.

Look how much confidence.

Yeah.

Look how much confidence.

That was crazy how that works.

I didn't believe it would work until I saw it.

Yeah.

Now what I was worried about was that you were going to smell the shit and then get very disgusted and started.

Oh, I smelled it.

Oh, you did.

Oh, I smelled it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, wait, I was miming.

When I saw Scott's face, when I saw his face go from being really like distressed, like clearly it took him a lot of work to get it out.

But once it did come out, his face was so funny.

Well, I mean, Nelson Mandela, when he got out of jail, he was happy, right?

He was happy.

He got out of the jail.

You see, that's the thing.

That's the thing.

You are holding so much inside of you that once you let go, once you let go and you free, you free everybody respond to that.

I respond, I was playing Vanessa.

Yeah.

But as Justin, I suck your dick.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you.

You had some big shit confidence for some.

You had some big shit confidence right.

Definitely.

Yeah.

So that's tip number one is always.

Always act like you got a little.

Now, of course I'm speaking metaphorically, right?

Oh, I will check it out.

Of course I'm speaking metaphorically.

Of course.

Okay.

I didn't tell you that because I wanted you to experience the real thing.

Sure.

But now the content.

Now, all three of them.

Now you three know exactly the process.

You saw the transformation.

Yeah.

You saw the transformation.

Act as if you shit yourself a little bit.

Act as if you shit your pet.

You got a little.

I did not do it.

Yeah.

I worked for Brando.

All right.

So what's tip number two?

Tip number two.

Let's go.

Brando, by the way.

Brando.

Is that a thing?

Oh, that's a thing.

My friends on the right say that.

Yes.

Let's go.

I'm in an airplane right now.

Oh.

Now number two.

Now we're going to go ahead and do what's real is the pickup lines.

Oh, okay.

You jump right into the pickup lines.

Right into the pickup lines.

Now most people, you know, the notorious B.I.G.

He's saying in his song that people's pickup lines are cheesy and he comes in and he says, he wants to ask you what your interests are.

Now that fuck that.

Use a real pickup line like, how about this, Lori?

I just did laundry today.

You can respond.

Is that part of it?

No.

Yeah.

Is this usually how it goes?

You can respond.

Yeah.

See, now you're throwing off right?

You're throwing off, right?

I have thrown off.

You don't know what to say to that.

You did.

You got me.

You want to go see how clean my sheets are?

I do.

Yes, I do.

I see.

Wow, it worked.

It did work.

I'm already in your bedroom.

I'm in your bed.

I'm in your sheets.

Yeah.

Now why did that work on you?

Was it because you were so confused after what was going on that it was like hypnotizing or how do you do it?

It was just really uncomfortable after he said the sentence and I realized he wasn't going to say anymore.

Yeah.

And then he said you can respond, which is like, I wouldn't even know.

Yeah.

And I realized this is a pool I am expected to dive into.

Yeah.

And I decided to.

Yeah.

And now that I think back on like some of my best guy interactions, it's a way and I feel the most confused and sort of just like.

Have you ranked your best guy interactions for your life?

Absolutely.

Because we all do that.

We do.

We all do it.

We all write that.

We're on top actions.

What are your top three best guy interactions?

One time this guy pushed me in the pool.

One time a guy ate my cheeseburger.

One time this guy.

So it sounds like they're aggressive towards you.

Literally the entire night.

And we never spoke about it the next day.

That is real.

So this is your top three.

And at the whole time I was just like, I don't understand what's happening.

This is so weird.

Am I weird?

What's going on?

No, no, no, you're not weird.

That was weird.

That's weird.

Don't push people in pools.

Oh, see, I was like, that's actually it was like some of the better.

Yeah.

Good.

So you want to get pushed in that pool because that means the guy likes you.

And I was wearing just such a gorgeous tunic made of glass.

Oh, wow.

So it was really unfortunate.

Was it breakaway or was it what we're talking about here?

Sugar glass?

Is it thick?

Yeah, it was kind of like, I think it was breakaway, but it was also a mix of just like old for my dad's house.

I took all this like antique glass.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

Do you know what I would do?

What would you do?

You know what I would do if I came up to Samantha and she was wearing glass.

Sammy's in Samantha.

It's fine to worry about it.

It happens all the time.

Yeah, it does.

It does.

Well, you see, that's rude number three, y'all.

You say the name wrong.

So they have to say the name right.

Oh, and what does that do for you?

I, oh, you know, it just puts them in control.

It puts them in control.

And you want them to be in control.

If you want them to be in control.

Probably the pickup artist that I've heard about or had on the show, they like to be the ones in control almost as if they're you seem to be like seeding a lot of the people.

The responsibility to the one you're talking to.

You put the ball in their court, right?

Because it's their court.

And that's where they like their ball.

Their court is where they like their ball.

I agree with Justin.

Thank you.

Justin.

Sorry, Justin.

I am just incredible.

This Justin.

Yes, this Justin.

Yeah, here he is.

Thank you so much, everybody.

Thank you.

I like that you put the ball in my court because it makes me realize I'm kind of like, what do I do with the ball?

What am I going to do?

I don't even know that I like having it.

Well, it's I mean, it's spherical so you could start there.

Yeah, you could throw it back.

Oh, damn.

But do you just have a ton of balls in your court?

I guess I do.

Now they're just piling up because you don't know what to do with them.

Balls balls balls.

And sort of over wounded balls.

Yeah, that's it.

I've noticed that when you were talking about the DV, you just you seem like you have a lot of ball.

A lot of ball.

A lot of dick and balls.

And you I mean, I mean, kissy over here.

I forget in your name.

What does it not want to think about it?

Well, let me tell you, you got a lot of balls in your court, but I am looking forward to you only having one and that's me.

Well, you only have one ball.

What are you?

Some sort of Hitler type?

You don't need to.

He famously had one.

You don't need to.

Most famous for the Nutless Wonder over there.

Rule number four is don't live in excess.

I was born with two.

I thought we'll never put you down.

I was just half my ball.

Well, there's this coincide.

You only need one.

Why did God give us two?

Oh, God was tripping.

Yeah.

I'm the seventh day God was tripping.

God was tripping.

Wouldn't you say that we need two balls?

I mean, they might need just one.

Yeah.

You and I need two.

Everyone should have one.

I mean, why did we get two and you get none?

Let's average it out.

I know we want two to play with.

Yeah, I think more again, more is more.

So the more balls to me, the better at this point, not the balls in my court, but actual physical balls, especially when they're kind of overlapping that deep, you like the more balls the better.

Right.

This is more actually, which I thought so weird.

I have three.

You're sitting at.

What?

Five three.

You should see a doctor.

I love that.

More is more.

I have three.

How did you get the third one?

Are you were born with it or?

I had it inserted.

Oh, it was surgical.

It was like plants through the front.

Yeah.

There's a name again.

Albert.

It's either kissy or Albert row or business.

When I took my second ball off, it did go to somebody named Albert.

Okay.

Yeah.

That was me.

Really nilly.

Let's stick in my willy.

Why did you get rid of it?

Oh, because you know less is more excess.

Right now.

You know live in excess.

It's like a Marie Kondo kind of situation.

You want to live.

Get rid of things.

One day.

I held my right balls like this.

Does a spark joy.

Let's get rid of this.

I'm holding them.

They're sparking something.

Is it joy those guys?

I don't know.

It's mixed up with tragedy.

It's what her name is.

If you don't know if it's joy, then that means get rid of it.

Yeah.

How did you get into this?

I mean, are you successful?

I know those two questions are kind of different.

Oh, I can answer them both at the same time.

Yes and yes.

Oh, I don't know that yes works for the first thing, but it certainly works for the second one.

Yes.

Are you pulling?

What's the proper way to say this?

Are you pulling?

Pulling tail.

No, no, we don't say pulling tail.

We don't say pulling tail.

That's now what we say over here.

That's now what we say.

What do we say?

What's the proper?

We say, are you picking them up?

Oh, okay.

Are you picking them up or are you putting them down?

Oh, oh.

Are you picking them up on you?

And I'm picking them up because normally the pick-up artists that I've seen, they're like, they like to nag people, you know?

Oh, no, no, no.

You're not like that.

You like to.

No, no, no.

You just confuse people.

I just like to confuse people.

I like to confuse people.

I like to put the ball in their court.

I like to let them think they are in control.

Right.

Yeah, I'm not trying to say nothing negative about you.

You're all beautiful people.

Wow.

You're all beautiful people.

Thank you.

I have the wrong one.

Right.

Thank you.

And this works for you.

Oh, this works for me.

I've gotten two people.

Oh.

Over how many years?

Oh, yeah, 15.

15 years.

And were they long relationships?

Oh, yeah.

I would say so.

My first one was about two, four weeks.

Oh, my second one.

My second one was 13 years.

Wow.

Okay.

That one was 13 years.

And the first one was before the second one or?

The first one was before the second one.

Absolutely.

It was.

Now the discrepancy, the discrepancy to her was it was right at the beginning of the Oh, it was simultaneous with this.

But I say that it was a little bit before.

Okay.

Great.

So you just got out of a relationship.

Is that?

No, no, no.

I picked it up.

Oh, you're still together.

So you're married.

Huh?

You're married?

Are you currently with the person that you've been with for 13 years?

Oh, well, you know, listen.

No.

Well, when you with somebody, they still by themselves, you know, because I don't like to.

I don't like to.

So you're just a.

You're just a married guy.

Wait, are you just a married guy pretending to be a pickup artist?

I'm not pretending to be a pickup artist.

I help everybody go ahead and find a little bit of life.

I mean, you were successful.

You picked up one woman and married her.

But I'm looking at his hands right now and under his see through gloves, I can see that he's wearing a wedding ring.

Yeah.

He threw gloves.

Listen, let me tell you something.

Sometimes you want the warmth, but you don't want to.

Sometimes I want the warmth, but I want everybody to know I'm black.

I wasn't going to say.

I've been holding my hands up this whole time.

Have you ever said anything?

Yes, Scott.

You haven't said anything yet, Scott.

So you, how do you get interested in picking up people because you have no experience in relation to other pickup artists?

I mean, they, they, they're out there every weekend.

They're doing it.

They're like closing the deals.

They're smashing.

Oh, well, see what I always figure is I figure if you're good at something and you do it, why not go ahead and do it and tell everybody that you did it.

I picked up somebody and I was good at it.

So I'm teaching everybody my tricks and my traits.

I mean, you're in a deep committed relationship with this one person that you picked up.

We are, we are in love.

We are happy and I want all of y'all to get where I'm at.

Right.

So how did, how did, what were the techniques that you used on this?

Oh, well, you see, first things first, I walked up to her.

Like I had a little more sort of shit in my pants.

Okay.

Did you say she was, she was shopping at Jewel OSCO, which is a Chicago based, Chicago based.

Yeah.

Should Jewel OSCO.

I've been there and I, I'm aware of where you were going to there once.

I remember telling you.

Yeah.

Different place.

On a train.

I took to the several roads as well.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah.

And let me guess you said the, the laundry line to her.

I walked up to her and then I had the confidence and then the conversation went much like me.

Yeah.

Let me play, let me play her actually.

Okay.

Go ahead.

Yeah.

So you, okay, I'm minding my own business.

Hello.

Oh, hi.

Oh, do you smell that?

Yeah.

Smells like discovery, right?

Uh, I, I, I, oh, you're not going to continue talking.

Mm.

response.

That's what he does.

He did the same thing to me.

Okay.

Yeah.

The same thing.

response.

I don't know how to, uh, hi, uh, yeah.

Okay.

Oh, now I want to pause here.

I want you all to realize that he's hooked.

Yeah.

I mean, I definitely, it's like a, it's like a mystery where it's like, you know, like, oh, someone's dead on the first page.

You want to see who did it.

You're not happy that it's happening because like that person's dead.

Yeah.

But it's, yeah, you want it solved.

Here's, here's the next part.

Now, regardless of what you think in there, young lady, I just did laundry.

Oh.

What?

Uh, do you, do you want me to sign up?

Oh, uh, okay.

Yeah.

So I'm assuming that when you're saying respond right now that you were actually saying the same thing like, um, that day.

Yeah.

This is, this is work for work.

Right.

This is work for work.

Yeah.

Justin sent me a script actually before the show and I'm just following.

He's following this guy.

Like a lot of Pinterest pauses you put it.

Yes.

Yeah.

It's just like ellipses and then it's like, and then just the word pulse.

Yeah.

It's like ellipses would have, would have been fine.

I wanted to make sure you knew.

No, you want to make sure you knew exactly.

Leave nothing.

Leave nothing up.

Leave that to the brain.

Um, uh, I'm sorry.

I got one more line.

Do you mind if I say it or go ahead, go ahead.

Okay.

I guess let's go back to your place and see my clean sheets.

Oh, yes.

And then we've been married ever since.

Wow.

Wait.

Aren't I in that bed already?

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, who are you?

Who the hell is this bitch?

There's more.

13 years.

I'm 13 years of marriage and you start bringing around random women.

You pick up in a bar?

Do you ask you about your law ed?

Oh, he gave you the laundry line and told you to respond.

Oh, oh, oh, hey, hey, I feel like I'm in a predicament here.

Hold on.

It's not happening.

I'm not getting into three Sims this far into our marriage.

Oh, right.

Respond.

Oh, turn it back on me.

Well, oh, here he goes.

I can do this.

Let me have your hand, Laurie.

Let me have your hand.

Miss.

How many pages is this script?

Oh, no.

We're still have about 100 more.

We got 100 more.

We're covering like a 13 year period.

This is a 13 year period.

This is an epic.

This is year one, year one.

Ooh, one of you are a spark in joy.

Better get rid of you.

Laurie hit the bricks.

Wife.

Wow.

And then there's a smash cut to something I see like this.

There's a smash cut to.

You don't need to write smash cut.

We can just cut.

I mean, there's like, you can't cut faster to something than actually cutting to it.

I disagree, Scott.

I disagree.

There are cuts and there are smash cuts or else there would be no such thing as a smash cut.

I don't know.

I think smash cut.

You always and only use for when you go into fucking.

So smash cut to fucking.

Oh, I always just smell.

Oh, like, oh, yeah.

So in this case, yes.

Which is tip number five.

Yes.

Oh, match cut to fucking.

Tip number four was no excess.

No, no excess.

But then smash cut to fucking.

Tip number five, smash cut to the fuck.

So she accidentally said tip number five.

She acts like she doesn't pick up, but I think she does.

This is like I am always the kind of a curve.

Sammy some math.

Yeah.

I don't know that we have time to read the next hundred pages.

That's okay.

You got the gist.

But we get the gist.

You got the gist.

The rest because I'm just flipping through it and leaving through it and it looks like a lot of like just boring like you guys hanging out at the house and doing chores.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Complaining about not loading the dishwasher and stuff like that.

Complaining about not complaining who's going to brush the cat.

And how and it's like you guys are brushing the cat all the time.

I'm allergic.

Yeah, you had to brush that cat.

Yeah, there's a there's a big long scene about you going to the doctor for your allergy.

Yeah, I got I took an allergy test.

He put me on the table.

He stuck me with.

He's a funny doctor.

He's funny.

He wrote him really funny.

Doctor's voice.

Doctor Macamarie and Macamarie and Macamarie and is he a Armenian?

Yeah.

Yeah, he's an American.

I don't know.

I don't love how you typed out his dialogue like you're you're putting the accent into his dialogue.

Like that's that's not Scott from what I heard your writer.

Isn't that what you do?

I mean, some Armenians are born here in this country is right here in Burbank and in Glendale.

I would prefer I prefer to write it just in regular English and then force them to do the accent when they show up to that.

Well, maybe that's why you didn't give an lesson when you tried.

Yeah.

Oh, look, it's a great script.

I don't.

Is that why you came?

You just wanted to slip me the script.

You know, I mean, will you take it?

I guess.

I mean, I could get it to Santa Claus through Albert here.

I mean, Santa Claus is actively trying to get things developed.

We were talking about this on last week's show, by the way, and they realized it was Justin.

I think you should leave for a second.

True.

Yeah.

I was like, we point out that this is tip number six.

What?

Crazy.

You don't only have to pick up tail.

You can pick up a job too.

And that's what I just did.

Picked up a writing job.

Wow.

Thank you very much.

I mean, we're just looking for unpaid interns, but I mean, you think I have a really, actually really fun tip to like, oh, great.

Oh, great.

This could be seven.

Oh, well, yeah, this is just kind of the experience wise.

Yeah.

If you want to look like you're writing a script, I would say any kind of indoor hot is really nice at like a writing, like a coffee shop or something.

Kind of like a hat, you said?

Yeah, like a big.

What's an indoor hat?

Because hats are for the outdoors?

Is that normal hats or normal hats or just worn out to our.

To protect yourself from the sun and the elements.

And I mean, top hats were mainly because people were pouring bed pans out of high, high buildings.

And you wanted to make sure you didn't get shit on your head.

With the tact?

Is that real?

Yes, it's very real.

Wow.

I knew that too.

Thanks.

So what are indoor hats?

Because people aren't pouring shit off the windows.

Either hats are like when you go to a coffee shop and you see a girl wearing like a brown hat that's full brimmed, like almost like a farmer type hat.

Like a like a sexy hippie type wide brim.

In the bow-ho.

Yeah, yeah.

Those hats are worn only indoors and only while working on scripts.

So really.

Okay.

So this will make you look like you just sold something you're working.

Right.

So you're closing for pictures because you're trying to get people to rent an Airbnb.

Yes, exactly.

Then you kind of bow-ho five.

Yeah, definitely.

But I just was going to say, you know, like, like you were saying, you know, that's a, that's a key to maybe success.

Like that's another step put on the hat.

And also.

It really feels like you're trying to glom on to his thing.

Because immediately we did.

Which is working so well.

And then, and then suddenly like you said, Hey, I have a tip too.

But so right now, like I don't have the funding.

I don't know what your funding situation is.

No, I'm rich.

You're rich too.

Yeah.

Okay.

So we got to, how did you get rich?

Oh, Jeff Bezos.

What?

Okay.

Wait a second.

Hold on.

How did, how do you know Jeff Bezos?

Well, a long time ago, Jeff approached this woman named McKenzie.

What?

The little colonel shit in his, and his.

Oh my God.

Wait, who's McKenzie?

Is my kid?

You're, you're, you're, you're, you're.

I mean, McKenzie's my mom.

Your mom's.

You guys are.

Wait a second.

You guys are half brothers.

Wait.

You're in your eyes, Albert.

I couldn't, I couldn't.

Oh, you look, we look just alike.

Oh my goodness.

Yeah.

I mean, Albert, I didn't notice you're also wearing clear gloves.

I will.

Yeah, clear gloves, full heart can't lose.

I always felt like something was missing and I didn't know it was a twin.

Let me actually.

Let me, I should.

By the way, we, we, we, we're not.

Fraternal.

Maybe for a turn.

Just brothers.

I think both men on earth.

Yes.

Did you go through a five step process to get to step number six to get your store?

I, you know, it was certainly a process.

It sounded like a two step process.

Watch mommy getting, you know, kissing Santa's balls and then the balls a little smooch and then well, then there was the, the getting a B and then turning honey and then.

We're up to four at this point.

Yeah.

So there's probably an extra step to all right.

Incorporating.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Six tips.

Yeah.

Well, look at that.

Look at that.

I meant to say looky there.

Oh, but I misspoke and say look.

You guys, you guys are very similar in the stuttering around and miss me.

Yeah.

Well, I should have my wife as a charming.

Oh, damn.

All right.

Right.

Yes.

Borat, Borat, a script that I did not write.

You didn't write, but you wrote this one.

It looks really good.

Yeah.

I mean, it's a little long.

It's a little, I mean, it's a hundred pages is a long script.

Well, it's a front and front and back.

I did double side.

I just looked at this one's a fold out.

It's like a 16 page spread.

It's a 16 page spread.

It's like a playboy center fold.

Yeah.

Yeah, I don't know.

There are two years is a long time.

Yeah.

I mean, yeah.

I would just make a couple cut.

I'm looking at the script and I see that there are like full scripted episodes of television in the script.

Yeah.

You just watched.

You know, put that in.

Yeah.

New girl.

New girl is a new girl.

Yeah.

If you're going to put one in mine, I recommend a little show called Everybody Loves Rame.

Okay.

It's hard to find though.

The scripts are nowhere.

It's almost like if they exist.

Let me tell you something.

Page of 70 through 120 is just the price is right.

Oh, okay.

This is your number one.

The price is right.

Every episode from year 2005 to 2008.

So it is true, Gary?

The carry year.

Oh, no, no, no.

That's the Bob Barker here.

Oh, still the Bob Barker here?

That's right.

2005 through 2006.

Oh, wow.

And I noticed the next there's a smash cut to you getting your pet spade.

You're a newter.

Yes.

So it would change that because smash cut to fucking is literally the only way to use the smash cut.

Yeah.

Well, do a Star Wars wipe.

Oh, that's a good idea.

Can I get that script back?

Okay.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Thank you guys.

It makes sense.

By the way, once you get into it, the hands of a super producer, you don't ever want to say, can I get that script back?

Oh, well, he's my brother.

So we can.

Oh, okay.

Am I now canonically a super.

I'm sorry about myself.

Oh, oh, I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry.

Well, you know what, take it back.

You know the note you gave.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, look, Justin, this is all good stuff.

I love having another intern here because my two interns I have, Gino and Wampler, they barely ever show up.

So yeah, it'd be great to have you on board here.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

I went from Justin to pick up artists to Justin the intern.

The married.

The happily married Justin, happily married intern.

All right.

Well, we're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

What is a little something called plugs?

It's a little something.

Oh, it's a little something.

It's a rap.

Oh, all right.

That was Feliz Navidagi by actvili Simpson.

Actually Simpson.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, actually Simpson.

Great.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Lori, pleasure having you on the show.

Correct.

So good.

And continue going out there and entertaining the world for us because we need it these days.

Yes.

We need laughs.

We need chortles.

We need chuckles and you provide all three.

Thank you so much.

Yes, and silences.

Yes, of course.

Yeah.

And then forgetting what you're saying 70% of the time.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

And Albert Rowe, AKA Albert Bezos, AKA.

No, there's no AKA.

No AKA.

Legally, my last name is Rowe.

I went through the whole process.

What was the process again?

I had to go to the place and get it changed.

And you know what that place is.

Yeah, you know, the place.

The place.

Yeah, yeah.

And how did you get there?

Train?

Well, you know, it took a while.

So I walked to a train station.

Yeah, I met from there.

I got a lift and it was a whole thing.

Yeah, a whole thing.

Yeah.

Well, thank you so much.

Thank you for having me.

Don't forget you guys going in full to winter.

Go ahead, shave those brows.

Make sure you draw.

Shave your brow.

Wait, that was not part of what we talked about either.

Make sure you draw in the small little eyebrows.

Those really arched, tiny things.

We know we didn't.

Especially for men, right?

Especially yes.

This is men's fashion.

I'm talking about women's brows right now.

They're very bushy.

They're very big men's.

We're going to be in the middle of the day.
