♪♪ One man, septic tank is another man's fudgy drink.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh.

Well, well, well, thank you to Call Waiting for Gado.

Call Waiting for Gado, catchphrase superstar, AKA Call W8-NG.

The number four, G-O-D-O-T, I don't know.

Anyway, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And what a great week it is.

We are so deep in NaviDoggy at this point that I don't even know how to describe it.

And we have a great show for you today.

As is apropos for mid-NaviDoggy, hump week of NaviDoggy.

We have, coming up a little later, we have a salesperson.

Oh boy, okay, so not a small business owner, not an entrepreneur, but a person who sells things.

Okay, this is maybe this is the great new trend for late 2021 and 2022 and beyond.

Also, we have a weather enthusiast.

Boy, we had a weather enthusiast on a couple of weeks ago, someone who wanted to be hit by lightning, someone who liked lightning, interesting.

So we'll see what this person likes.

But speaking of what a person likes, by the way, my name is Scott Ocerman, and hopefully you like me and you like this show.

Thank you for listening.

But I like a person and he's sitting across from me.

This is incredible.

And he's been on the show.

He's been a friend of the show many times.

He's most well known as being the replacement to the replacement of Reggie Watts on the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

But he also is, gosh, let's talk about the Grammys.

Let's talk about the, I'm trying to think of any other award you might have won.

A spelling bee, it's great.

Really?

Yeah.

What'd you spell?

Pretty much everything.

Everywhere.

Did you start with the hard work?

I did.

Yeah, I think so.

Yeah, wow.

Or maybe A, I guess.

A's the easiest one.

A's the yeah.

Yeah.

That was a gimme.

A's the most important one.

I have A hard one.

Something put that in my head right before the show.

I won't tell you exactly what it is.

But you know him from the Grammys.

You know him as a multi-platinum.

And that's just going platinum more than once.

Is that what that means?

It's like multi.

Yeah, multiple.

So it could be two, it could be a thousand.

So you never know.

How many, how many platinums have you sold?

Between two and a thousand.

Wow, incredible.

Yeah.

And when I say platinum, I'm talking about record sales, of course, my dear boy.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

I was confused for a second.

We have running with scissors, the others.

So many, many hits.

And he has a huge announcement that he wants to debut here on Comedy Bang Bang a little bit later on the show.

So this is exciting.

He called me up.

He was like, I got a big one for you.

I got a big, big announcement.

Please welcome back to the show.

Weird how you think of it.

God, how are you?

Hi, how are you?

It's so great to be back here.

I haven't been here since Steve Bannon got indicted.

So it's been a whisper.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, no, I hate to break a deal.

He just got indicted again.

So.

Oh, do you mean today?

Yeah.

Oh, OK.

Well, three days ago, what is this airing?

I'm not sure.

Anyway, yeah.

Who knows when this is airing?

But of course, welcome back to the show.

We are a hump week in Knobby Dogg.

If that narrows it down for you.

OK, there we go.

Yeah, there you go.

Welcome back to the show.

Thank you, man.

It's so good to see you.

We, of course, have known each other for the first time we ever met, I believe, was on this show.

Am I correct?

I think we're in a different booth.

But yes, I insist on recording in separate booths from everyone.

I was COVID compliant even back then.

Yeah, I was on episode seven, possibly eight or nine of you were in there.

Somewhere in the single digits.

I was in the single digits of the fucking.

So before we ever cracked double digits, you were on this show.

Yes.

We met, got on like a house on fire, which is a good thing, I guess.

I'm not sure.

Well, in some cases, it is.

For houses not so much.

For someone who's burning it down to get insurance money?

That's exactly where you want to be.

If you're sleeping in one of the rooms at the time, not so much.

Not so great.

Welcome back to the show.

And of course, comedy bang bang, a big part of your life.

I believe I was just on a podcast, on a Weird Al podcast talking about you, which I would imagine your ears were burning and you immediately press play.

Whenever two or more are gathered in my name, I am their Scott.

And I did listen to Dave and Ethan's 2000 inch Weird Al podcast, specifically to hear some glowing things about you.

Did I not say glowing things about you?

Because I had to keep it real, but I also had to say glowing things.

It was semi-glowing.

Semi-glowing.

Great.

And I believe I went through early emails trying to track down, as I recall.

I recorded this a while ago, but I'm trying to track down exactly how you came to be on the comedy bang.

Did I get it more or less right?

More or less right.

OK.

Yeah, I felt like I relived our entire relationship during that podcast.

What was the restaurant we went to?

Do you recall what it was?

Hugos.

It was Hugos, which was not a vegetarian restaurant, per se, which you said in the podcast.

OK.

Vegetarian friendly.

So sorry.

Vegetarian friendly.

OK, yes.

Now, did I not see you at a different Hugos on a different occasion?

And you were there with the lead singer of the Pixies.

Did you?

Yes.

That sounds like it could be true.

So let's say it is.

All right.

Case closed.

You love Hugos.

Did you suggest Hugos?

I know we're getting into the weeds on Hugos here, but.

Is this the most Hugos has ever been talked about on a podcast?

On your podcast, I'm sure.

Of course, Hugo's local landmark here in Los Angeles.

They serve food.

Food?

Yeah.

They do that really well.

Yeah.

For a while, they opened up.

They didn't do that.

It was very weird.

They just opened it.

They said, we're open.

And then you'd go in and go, can I get some food and go, oh, no, no, no, no, no.

It was like five years before they started.

And you said, you know what?

We're going to start doing it.

But I think they were at their hippest when they weren't serving anything.

Yes, exactly.

They wouldn't take money.

No.

They would sometimes just give you money and go, no, we don't have food, but take some of this.

They would take apple pay.

But that's it.

Yes.

Yeah.

Way before.

And that was when you had to roll up your wagon of apples and actually play with apples.

Yeah, exactly.

So I got it right.

Good.

I knew you would listen.

And do you listen to it every week?

Because it's about you.

I can only imagine a podcast about yourself.

I would listen every week.

I wouldn't say every week, but quite a bit.

Because it's sort of like this is your life.

Yeah.

Like your friends come on and they talk about how they met you and what they like.

How can I not listen to that?

It's sort of like I've died and I'm listening to somebody like eulogize me, you know?

Well, I think I would cry more if I was actually, you know, eulogizing you.

Am I allowed to speak to your funeral, by the way?

They should do a Weird Al Is Dead podcast.

Yes.

Where we all cry the entire time.

And we talk about the gory circumstances of your death and how surprising it was that you found yourself to be in that position.

I guess you're Weird Al Is Dead was the name of a Why the Last Man episode.

Oh, it was?

Oh, no.

OK.

Unfortunately, a big fan of the comic did not see the show yet.

Yeah, because apparently, like everybody with a white chromosome is dead and that would include me.

So there was.

Oh, that's a bummer.

It was kind of sad.

I was the saddest during that episode.

What time do you wake up every day?

Oh, I haven't woken up yet today.

Oh, OK.

Great.

We'll get you.

I'm sort of sleepwalking.

Yeah, let me know.

Let me know.

Yeah.

Now, I'm speaking of you.

I'm looking at this book that was just spent.

It was just spent.

I spent money on this.

No, you didn't.

No, I didn't know.

Someone sent it to me for free.

But someone should spend money on this.

This is the weird coloring to Al is the title.

What do you think of that title?

Yeah, it's a pun on a pun.

It's a double pun.

Because the original book was the weird accordion to Al.

So it's like twice removed from a joke.

Yeah, it's weird when you look at it and you're like, what am I looking at right now?

Yeah, yeah.

But having said that, I think it's the greatest coloring book ever published in North America.

So let's talk about basically what this is.

Nathan Raven wrote a book about you.

And I've never had a book written about me.

So but I hope at some point someone does.

Well, there's a whole string of illustrations there, referencing comedy bang bang.

So in a sense.

Well, yeah, they do.

I mean, am I drawn in this?

I haven't looked through it yet.

But I'm not sure.

I believe Slowjoy is.

That's right.

I believe I had at least one drawing in the original book.

But okay, so there's this book about you, the weird accordion to Al.

And that went through your entire discography song by song.

And then for the paperback edition or for the second edition, it wasn't originally in there, was it?

No, it was the second edition.

I guess I guess I got the edition.

They expanded that to cover all of your comedy bang bang episodes.

They wrote a really nice review for each of those.

And then they had these illustrations done by Felipe Sobriero.

And he's amazing.

He's really, he's great.

These are all so great.

And what they did was they were all in black and white.

And some marketing genius goes, you know what?

Let's make a coloring book out of all of these.

Repurpose them.

Yes.

I mean, it's free of the paper costs.

Obviously we're going to have to cut down all those trees.

And it's a color.

It's a full on coloring book.

And I've been flipping through.

I do not see myself in this.

But it's your book.

Why would I be there?

I would draw your picture in the book, if that makes you ask.

I would like that.

Thank you so much.

But there are books in the world, and this is one of them.

But there are pictures from the Comedy Bang Bang television show.

There's Beth, the robot that you fell in love with, that you did that whole dance sequence, do you remember that?

And then I cut it.

We had a whole discussion at Hugo's as to my character.

Like, I know you're married in real life, but would you?

Oh, yes.

Would you have sex with a robot in front of me?

Yeah, that's right.

That's right.

We did have a whole thing where I was trying to figure out what we could do on the show and whether you wanted to remain faithful to your real life wife on the show, because you're playing yourself.

But just like myself, I'm playing myself.

But I have different parents.

And I do.

Right.

You're a different Scott Archibald than on the TV.

Comedy Bang Bang, you're on the podcast, then you're on real life.

Right.

Then you are.

Which one's the best?

Which one's your favorite?

So hard to choose.

I'm going to go with the TV.

You like the TV one.

Yeah.

This one.

But yeah, we had a whole big discussion about, like, can we do dating storylines for you?

Because so much of what the show was was us doing sitcom riffs, or just storylines.

Anytime anyone's on a TV show, it's like you run out of ideas if the person can't go on bad dates or whatever.

Right.

And I also remember that, and I just poo-pooed this because it was already canon on the show that I was vegetarian because we did a whole thing about that.

But at one episode, you wanted me to be all excited about the Thanksgiving turkey.

Oh, right.

And then we gave that to you because we thought, yeah, not.

Oh, right.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, I mean, something like that, it's like, I can understand that's such a big part of your whole outlook on life.

But if it makes, I mean, I still have.

But you're married.

I still sang about my bologna.

Oh, that's true.

Yeah.

Oh, this is a good question.

I think.

I don't know.

You tell me.

But how long have you been a vegetarian?

And were you a vegetarian when you sang my bologna?

I think around 92, I started, and my bologna would have preceded that by a number of years.

So you had eaten bologna.

I have in my life for research only.

OK.

I need it to.

Do you miss it?

Do you miss bologna?

Not so much, even though the lyrics say that I would miss bologna.

Yeah.

So you're lying there.

Right?

I'm playing the character of somebody that eats bologna sandwiches.

You're in character?

That's odd.

I had a dig deep for that one.

Interesting.

Are all singers in character when they sing their songs?

I like to think so.

Mm.

So Beyonce, when she's talking about taking Jay-Z to Red Lobster, that's like a fictional Beyonce and a fictional Jay-Z.

It's a different Jay-Z.

And a fictional Red Lobster.

Like a Red Lobster that has not been invented yet.

Oh, OK.

They invent Red Lobsters, really?

Every single time they want to open one, they have to invent it.

You do.

It must take a long time.

But yeah, so you finally agreed to do dating episodes.

And in fact, I believe you had to take off your wedding ring when we did the show in order to not intimate that you were cheating on your wife.

So it's a good Easter egg for maybe one or two times in the entire series where I forgot to take off my wedding ring.

And then it wasn't there a time where you thought someone lost it or someone did lose it, and then we had to find it.

And you were a bit freaking out, as I recall.

I probably was.

That would have been a hard thing to explain to the wife.

Honey, let me explain comedy first.

I realize I've never had to do this.

I've never told you about my other job.

No.

You play what?

Songparities?

What?

Suddenly you're in the dog house.

Yes.

Or the frog houses you would probably call it.

I probably would do a riff on that.

It's not the dog house, honey.

God, what would a frog house be like if you had a pet frog?

Much smaller.

Whoa, dude.

Unless you had a really small dog in a really big frog.

You'd have to hold it together with rivets.

See, this is why you do what you do.

What's your favorite song that you've ever recorded?

Oh, they're like, my children are just so.

Sorry, let me change it.

Yes.

What's your favorite song that anyone else has recorded?

I'm glad not interested in that either.

No, OK.

What are you interested in?

What is your favorite?

The movie The Favorite.

The Favorite is your, oh, I love that one.

That's a good one.

It's so good.

I mean, it's right there in the title.

I mean, it's there.

It's right there.

They spelled it funny, though.

Now, you have a big announcement.

Do you want to save it until the plugs or do you want to?

I kind of feel like I should, well, first of all, you kind of put me on the spot because my manager really doesn't want me to talk about this.

It's kind of one of those things that we wanted to save for, like, I don't know.

This is a bigger cop podcast.

I don't want to.

Are you doing Conan?

No, no, I don't want to say.

I don't want to say.

But we are old friends.

He gets all the big announcements.

So I totally understand.

I will give this to you.

This is my gift to you, Scott.

I will give you this announcement.

OK.

I'm a little nervous here.

OK, you know how.

You're nervous, really.

You still get nervous.

Look at that.

That is so refreshing seeing that.

A huge, huge star like yourself still getting nervous when he's even just announcing things.

Well, I get excited.

And I think that the energy is part of what was it.

It's like Christmas morning for performers.

You know what I mean?

It's like, you know, you're giving such a gift to people.

I am. I'm unwrapping it right now just for you.

And thank you.

Yeah, put it away.

OK.

But yeah.

So you know how a couple of years ago?

Let me go back words one is 2020.

Go backwards another 2019.

OK.

Well, I did say a couple, which means two, but it could be more than two.

More than two.

OK.

Let's say a few.

So let's say between two and 10.

You know, a few years ago, Dr. Demento gave away his O.

That's right.

Yes.

Became Dr. Demento gave it to me.

We've talked about this on the show multiple times, but just to refresh people's memory.

But for the non-CBB long timers.

Yeah.

You've just been listening to the show.

We've talked about this when Al has been on the show before.

So Dr. Demento, who is the DJ who gave you your start.

My new mentor, yes.

You started on the show doing songs.

He played your songs.

They became hits.

You got a record deal.

Incredible DJ.

He was on KMET, I believe, when I was a kid.

And Dr. Demento, he's been on the air for 45 years.

Let's say that.

That's good.

Somewhere around there.

So he's got a great brand, Dr. Demento.

It was so strange, because when I read this story, I was just like, does this even make sense?

Why would someone do this?

But describe exactly what he did.

He decided to make his name a little shorter, Dr. Dement.

He got rid of his O.

Yeah.

Easier to find the autographs.

Because one left letter.

Yeah.

So it saves, I mean, over the course of the rest of his life, he's living another extra 25, 26, 27 years, because he doesn't have to do that O.

Yeah.

I mean, a little time saving thing like that.

I mean, I learned from you.

This changed my life.

I learned from you that when I'm setting the microwave timer, one of my early tweets, I probably saved like a week of my life.

Because there for a while you put it 100.

But you can just do six zero.

That's right.

It saves so much time.

Oh, it's a life changer.

Anything under 100 seconds.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

Anyway, so he officially became Dr. Dement.

He became Dr. Dement.

But waste out one, no.

He didn't want that O to go to waste.

He bequeathed it.

He vouchsafed it unto me.

So I became, you became weirdo Al.

Became weirdo Al.

Now here's the thing.

And everyone knows that.

And everyone has called you this.

And you've advertised your shows as this.

Well, this.

And you've put out albums as this.

No, that's the thing, Scott.

You see, he gave it to me.

I feel like I've squandered it.

I've wasted it.

Wasted it.

Not unlike, well, I mean, I use, of course, WhatsApp Hot Dog all the time every time.

Sure, yeah.

My old catchphrase from the first couple of years of this show.

At a certain point, I didn't want it anymore.

So I gave it to you.

That I use constantly.

And I know you say you do it in every show.

And every time I've seen you do a show, you have said it at the beginning of the show.

Now, do you know I'm in the audience?

I don't think so because I'm just showing it at random shows, the LA ones.

Yes.

So what are the odds?

What are the odds?

But you've said it every time I've seen you.

Yeah.

So I decided, you know, but I haven't really used that.

Oh, well, I changed my passport.

So it's a weirdo owl on the passport.

Because Weirdo is your official first name, right?

And it is now.

It wasn't before.

No, yeah, you had to shift some things over.

I had to make it for you.

Al had to go to the middle.

What was it?

What's your middle or what used to be your middle name?

My middle name used to be Matthew.

But now it's owl, apparently.

Yeah.

And so Matthew's just totally gone.

Or you could be, I guess, Weirdo owl Matthews.

That was my FMDJ name in college.

What was it?

But no, so it's really, you know, I didn't use it the way it's supposed to.

Right.

I feel like I wasted it.

And I don't like Dr. Nao.

I hate to waste anything.

So I'm making this official announcement now.

Nobody but you guys.

And by you guys, I mean you, Scott.

OK, thank you.

Yeah.

I appreciate that.

Yeah.

Nobody but you as a way.

I just want to make this announcement now.

I am passing it forward.

I'm paying it forward.

I'm just like Haley Joel Osmond did.

Just like so Joe he did.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah.

You work with slow Joe for like a year.

And suddenly like you're doing all of his movies.

I know.

So so I'm paying it forward.

I am going to be QUEATH my O to Paul of Tomkins.

Whoa.

So that he can be Paul of Tomkins.

Paul of Tomkins.

Wow.

Yes.

This is incredible news.

Yes.

And so he doesn't even know this yet.

He doesn't know this.

No, I haven't even called him.

I'm sure he's listening right now.

You think you would be?

Yeah, this is I mean it's a surprise to him.

But he's an avid listener of the show.

He's barely ever on it.

Yeah.

Other than the end of the year.

But he must be listening.

This is Paul.

This is an incredible gift.

You get Dr. Domeno's O.

Well, this is his third hand man.

But yeah.

But look, I wish I had a third hand.

But the things I would do with it.

But now he's got a preposition in his name.

So.

So there you go.

There you go.

I mean, I would love a preposition in my name.

Like, you know, maybe it's a conjunction.

I'm thinking of and.

But what's another preposition?

Scott with Ockerman.

Scott will Ockerman?

With Ockerman.

Oh, with.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I'd love a conjunction.

Yeah.

Yeah, that would be better.

But Scott, but Ockerman.

Ooh, I like that.

Oh, yeah, you do.

So, OK.

So do you have to clear this with Dr. Domeno or do you know?

No, he's fine.

He's like, once you give a gift.

Once you give it, you know, no takebacks.

Right.

So it's not like he's going to say like, you know, it's re-gifting, I guess, which is not so.

I guess so.

But it's like an NFT.

You can pass an NFT on and the original owner of the NFT gets.

I don't know.

So you pay a dogecoin for an NFT and then you just on a long chain.

And that's Paul NFT.

That doesn't work, though.

No, it doesn't work.

No, no, because we're not giving away any ends or tees.

Yeah, that's true.

Paul NFT, Ompkins.

Maybe it should be Paul F. Tumkins.

Because it's like Tunes's.

But that sounds stupid.

Yeah.

Wait, Paulo.

Paulo F. Tumkin.

No, the of is the best.

You know, we should actually let Paul decide.

But if he doesn't choose Paul, up Tumkin.

He can put it anywhere he wants.

He can be.

He can do Paul Faux if he wants.

But that's fine.

I know, right?

Oh, Paul Tumkins.

Or Paul O. Tumkin.

I don't know.

He will leave this to him.

Yeah.

But it's pretty clear.

It's pretty clear to be.

I'll be Paul O. Tumkins.

Absolutely.

OK, so this is big news.

This is a big announcement.

So congratulations, Paul.

Congratulations, Paul.

Congratulations to you.

So are you going to shift your name back to where it was?

What's going to happen?

You know, the past forward is still good for a few years.

It might still be officially weirdo, Al.

But we'll see how it goes.

OK.

Yeah, boy, Paul's going to.

This is a lot of paperwork for him.

It is.

Yeah, interesting.

OK, yeah.

This is a quagmire.

This is a thorny can of worms.

It is a for Paul.

You don't want to get thorny cans.

Yeah.

Oh boy.

But I bet you're glad to be to be rid of it, honestly.

Well, I feel a little lighter to tell you the truth.

Yeah, you look about like emotionally 30 pounds lighter.

Yeah, you really do.

Like you brightened up.

Like you might be close to waking up at this point.

I feel like I'm not living a lie anymore.

Well, thank you so much for debuting that here.

Instead of pulling a Todd Glass and doing it on WTF.

You know, I really appreciate that.

Weirdo, Al Yankovic.

No more.

Anyway, big news.

Thank you so much, Al.

This is great.

So I think we need to take a break because we need to let that sit with people for a little bit.

Yeah, let us think in.

You need to get up and run around and just feel your new body feels like.

But when we come back, we'll have a sales person.

Have you ever sold anything?

No.

Yeah, I don't think so.

I have either.

I'd love to know how it's done.

I've traded goods and services.

Bartering.

Yeah, of course.

But selling something.

Like bartering cash for goods.

I mean that.

What about barter Simpson?

Is this an idea?

Is this something that you could use?

You know, I mean, a whole song about like barter Simpson doing the bartering man.

I don't know.

The barter man.

I don't know.

Is this this is good, right?

Yeah.

OK, good.

All right.

We're going to we're going to work up some ideas for this.

We're going to do some templates.

But they could turn into permanent lyrics.

You know, I mean.

Could be.

Yeah.

All right.

During the break, we'll work on that.

But when we come back, we'll have a sales person.

And then a little bit later, we'll have a weather enthusiast.

Big show.

Oh, get on your ear.

I had to hear it in my right hand.

I appreciate that.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang back after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Weird now, just weird.

Al Yankovic is here with us.

And a pleasure to have him on the show.

I got to say, we struck out lyric wise during the break.

Yeah.

We couldn't come up with a single thing.

We banged our heads together, and that was painful.

And man, I saw stars, then I saw birds.

And I was like, is this something?

Stars, birds, stars, and star birds?

You seem like a star bird?

You're on a ship?

It just let us down a rabbit hole that just was totally pointless and worthless.

I'm kind of sorry that we had a headbudding.

That was just not helpful.

Yeah.

Why did we do that?

It was fun for a while.

It was.

And then you got painful.

And then I locked out for a few seconds.

Tell the truth, though.

You have a concussion.

I do.

Yeah.

OK.

That's a deep reference to the trailer from the movie concussion, where Will Smith says, tell the truth.

Anyway, I never saw the movie.

But certainly you've seen that trailer many times, where he says, tell the truth.

All right.

We need to get to our next guest speaking of truth.

And he'll be speaking his truth.

He is a salesperson.

And I'm excited to talk about his career and maybe his personal life.

I don't know.

OK.

Let's do it.

Half and half on this?

Do you think?

Or do you want to focus mainly on the work?

Let's not do 48, 52.

OK.

Great.

All right.

This is exciting.

He's a salesperson.

Don't know what he sells.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Maurice Flatbottom.

Oh, Scott, thanks for having me.

Wow.

Monday morning, right?

Oh, boy.

Man, I tell you.

Oh, he's Garfield.

He I can't remember how he felt about him.

Do you love him?

Did he hate him?

He was ambivalent, I think.

Yeah, he was always like, Mondays, take it to leave it.

Yeah.

I think he hated them.

Yeah.

I don't want to cross you.

He hated Mondays and lasagna.

No, no, no, no, no.

And his owner, Dave.

One out of two ain't bad.

Two out of three ain't bad.

Did he hate Dave?

He hated Dave, right?

He just liked to torture Dave.

Do you hate Odie?

Yes, he seemed to have a pessimistic.

It's interesting because when I am not to get you two off track here, Maurice Flatbottom is here.

I think you do like it.

I think you do like it, but run with this.

But when I would see him, OK, so cats, when you like you see a little drawing of a cat, it's usually like cute.

And you're like, oh, look at this cute little kitten.

And you personify it and sort of go like, oh, my god.

They have such a sweet personality.

But when Garfield came out, I was like, wait a minute, this guy's sarcastic.

He doesn't, he's like Heathcliff kind of.

He was like, he's like an off brand Heathcliff.

In a way, without the throwing fish bones in the air.

You know?

I love fish bone though.

Aren't they a great band?

They really were.

Yes, Cank into the beat.

Oh, the best.

Yeah.

Anyway, hi.

Pick it up, pick it up.

Do you like Scott music?

Oh, yeah.

My favorite thing is Scott music is when they say pick it up.

Because I'm all about keeping your room tidy.

Yeah, exactly.

That's what they were.

They're like, what I want to listen to music and be nagged out by my mom.

You know, awake.

I want to scab and tell me to pick up my room.

Yeah, exactly.

Welcome to the show, Maurice.

Oh, it's so good to be here on a Monday, which usually drags on forever.

Yeah.

And I drown my sorrows in lasagna.

But otherwise, you know, I'm here like Heathcliff.

Yeah, exactly like Heathcliff.

Yeah.

The cat, not the, who was Heathcliff?

The middle, not in the middle age.

He's in my prime minister.

He might have been middle aged for like life expectancy is back then.

You know, but he was probably pretty young compared to us.

Yes.

Great to see you.

Picking it back up.

It's great to be here.

You're a sales person.

Yeah, I'm a sales person.

I've been selling beans for 30 years.

Congratulations.

Thank you beans.

One at a time or in cans or depends, you know, what kind of beans?

All kinds of beans.

You name a bean.

I've sold it.

Lymah.

Lymah beans.

Yep.

I've sold it.

Garbanzo.

Yep.

Garbanzo.

Do you grow the beans or do you?

No.

Find the beans.

Are you giving the beans?

Where do you get the beans, man?

Hey, man.

I'm a salesman.

All right.

I'm not a farmer.

I'm not a collector.

OK, I don't go out there.

I'm not a trader.

You're not a collector of anything?

Oh, no.

Uh-uh.

You don't care where the beans come from.

I don't care where that.

No.

Wait, who doesn't collect anything like baseball cards or?

Oh, yeah.

I have a bunch of baseball cards that I don't collect them.

Well, how many do you have?

I don't know.

40,000.

Jesus Christ.

I buy them.

You know, I put them in the little books and things like that.

Sure.

I admire them.

I take them out.

I read the back.

I love the stats.

But you're a purchaser of baseball cards.

You're not a collector.

No, no, no.

I don't want to.

Have you ever been around collectors?

People are creepy.

Creepy.

Yeah, they're weirdos.

Yeah.

Sorry to say weirdo around you.

I do it.

I'm not weirdo anymore, though.

No, I know.

But you kind of looked at me like, are you calling me?

And I know.

That's somebody else.

That's my dad's nickname.

So you, how do you get the beans?

This is confounding to me.

Like, you sell these things that you don't have?

Yeah, have you ever been in a store?

You see someone stock the shelves in a store?

Do you think that they actually assemble all those products themselves?

I don't have the thoughts, though.

Yeah, I mean, why would they sell them if they didn't?

Oh, fellas.

It's too early on a Monday to walk you through this.

Was it?

So where do you go?

I mean, do you go around buying them from stores and then reselling them?

How do you do this?

No, I work in a bean store.

OK, I show up.

You work at a bean store.

I work at a bean store.

I show up and I sell the goods because of my sparkling personality.

Oh, because I'm moving this fast on a Monday, baby.

Yeah.

You only sell beans.

I only sell a bean store.

Yes.

Yeah.

Well, what's the store's name?

Where's it located?

LL Bean.

It's in an outlet mall nearby.

OK, where are the Ls for?

Ladies love?

Like LL Cool J?

Yeah, ladies love bean.

We saw him one at a time.

OK.

That is true.

It's totally true.

Right.

Yeah, but I've worked in other bean stores, you know?

Oh, yeah, which ones are I mean, I'm trying to think of another bean store.

I'm like Barney's Beanery, I guess, is the only one that I can think of.

Yeah, Barney's Beanery.

Target before they shifted to kind of like an all purpose store that used to sell beans.

It was just beans.

It's really.

Yeah.

And so it was like, hey, our target is beans.

Yeah.

That used to be the full name of the store.

Our target is beans.

Interesting.

Wow.

Kmart used to be the same way.

Really?

Yeah.

Kmart.

It was founded by a guy named Martin Beanstein.

Oh, really?

And the name of the store was, OK, Martin loves beans.

Come and get them here.

And so the K, they dropped the O much like Weirdo L did.

Like this K. And they just, now it's just Kmart.

Yeah.

Interesting.

God, the things you learn about.

So you eat beans.

I definitely eat beans.

Yeah.

You know, I'll eat a bean salad.

I'll eat a black bean burger.

Yeah.

They call them the musical fruit sometimes.

I was going to say, are you offended by that?

That is disrespectful?

Couplet.

Not really.

See, beans, all beans have algo saccharides, which create gas-like fractionants inside your body.

Right.

Yeah.

I mean, the lyrics, as I recall them, they go, beans means the musical fruit, the more you eat, the more you eat, the more your butt goes zoom.

Maybe.

That makes much more sense.

Let's put that into our song.

Oh, yeah.

That's a great starting first lyric.

OK.

Go ahead.

You could take it.

I don't even want credit because I'm a bean salesman.

You didn't come up with any of it.

Huh?

Yeah, I did.

You said they're nodding.

Well, we did all the work.

I mean, I'm not going to do that.

I'm not going to do that.

How much did that one run you?

25 cents.

Really?

It's just, you just traded one quarter for another quarter at that point.

That's the thing is none of these should be worth anything more than what they are actually worth.

I agree.

But, you know, quarters like that, those are the original Pokemon.

Collect them all.

Yeah, true.

Wouldn't that be great to collect every single coin that's ever been made?

You think you could do it?

I think I could do it.

Right.

How much would it run you?

Or just to pay cash money, the equal value for whatever the coin was?

How much money is there in the world since the beginning of time since the first coins were created?

I guess I don't know.

I'm just talking US currency.

Okay.

Assuming that all coins depreciate over time, it probably cost you, I don't know, $700.

Yeah, probably.

It's a lot of money.

I don't think I'd want to do that.

Do you have to pay in coins too?

No.

I wouldn't be surprised if later when you're listening to this, you edit this part out.

You think we're going to edit this out?

Do you think this is the only thing that's staying in?

Oof.

That's going to make me look really bad.

I already thought I would never come back on this podcast.

You thought you would never come back?

I mean, you're so interesting.

I started with the beans.

That was a dead end.

You don't even want to talk about my beans.

When into your kids, that was a dead end.

I said I didn't want to talk about my beans.

Everyone's a dead end to the certain point.

You know what I mean?

Well.

Hey, there's a bit of a lot of dead ends on this show that have been celebrated.

And what I'm saying is I don't think this one's going to be celebrated.

Look, I love you, Maurice.

You got a flat ass.

And that's the most unique thing about you.

Yeah, that's probably true.

You just led with that.

I mean, it's hard to lead with it.

It's right behind you.

But so you think my flat ass is more interesting than my rat tail and soul patch?

All right, look, we don't have time to get into that.

I guess we can.

I've been itching to talk about this.

But we don't have time, unfortunately.

We have to go to a break.

All right.

Come back another time.

We'll get to that.

Okay.

I don't know.

Stick around.

Maybe it'll come up in conversation with our next.

Yes, I'd love to stick around.

Okay, great.

All right.

Well, we do need to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a weather enthusiast.

It's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more Weird Al, more Maurice Flatbottom.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

Weird Al Yankovic, of course.

The book.

Do you get any money for this?

No.

I get a free copy though.

So when when?

It's weird, huh?

I mean, I know you're used to things being weird.

You're weird Al.

Yeah.

I say weird a lot.

I notice when I'm around you because it's not me saying like, hey, weird, you know, I just say weird a lot, you know?

But do you get annoyed when people say weird?

Like it's such a normal one.

Yeah, only when you do it.

For some reason.

Interesting.

I get annoyed when I say other things too.

That as well.

Okay.

Are you just funny, generally annoying?

Interesting.

All right.

Well, speaking of generally annoying, we have Maurice Flatbottom here.

He's got a Soul Patch.

He's got a Rat Tail.

We don't have time to get into that, but maybe it'll come up.

Wait, I buried the lead.

You buried the lead.

I guess I did.

Enough.

Flat assiures.

I figured walking in the door, those would be the first two things that you'd...

Well, you walked in backwards.

You have to highlight my ass to get it out of the way.

Sure.

All right.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest.

Weather enthusiasts.

This is exciting.

Please welcome to the show.

God, I hope I wrote...

Yes, that is an art.

Please welcome to the show.

Morgan Weston...

Nope, sorry.

Here we go.

Morgan, Wiesden-Smite.

Good morning.

Hi.

Good morning.

Hi.

How are you?

Hi.

Thank you for having me.

Yeah.

My pleasure to have you.

So great to meet you.

And by the way, this is Maurice Flatbottom.

What's the first thing you notice when you see him?

Shining personality.

Oh, that is nice.

I wish you were one of my kids.

Okay, stop.

I would love to.

I'd love to be one of your kids.

Really?

Okay.

Interesting.

This is weird, Al.

What's the first thing you notice when you see him?

Music career.

Thank you.

That's apparent, really.

Wow.

Just by looking at you.

It's the series in the backpack.

Also you're holding up a treble clef.

Oh, God.

So Morgan, I got to write this more clearly because that are, it looks like an elephant.

There we go.

Morgan.

Boy, there you are.

You thought my name was Melgin?

Melgin.

Yeah, I almost said Melgin.

I see.

Yeah.

Anyway, but it's not Melgin.

It's not.

You haven't changed it from Melgin to Morgan.

I could be if you like that.

No, I don't think it's more mental of Melgin.

Melgin.

Yeah.

I'll be Melgin.

I like that.

I'll be Melgin.

No, do it.

Melgin.

I'm Melgin.

You don't have to do that.

I want to do it.

Let me do this.

Okay, well, now I'm coming around on it.

I feel better.

Hi, Melgin.

Hi, hello.

All right.

Great to meet you.

You're a weather enthusiast.

What does that mean?

Does that mean like you like the sun?

Does that mean you, you know, there's a certain time of year that you like?

Like you like it when it's cold.

You're not going to believe this.

Hold on to your horses.

I'm a storm chaser.

What?

Wow.

Yes.

Here in the greater Los Angeles area.

I am.

I sort of have the market cornered right now, which is nice.

So you know, normally you're in Wichita or other places around Wichita and you know, there's a lot of people sort of jockeying for position for a tornado or whatever.

You can get crowded.

Yeah.

Out there in Wichita, I can imagine.

And in Los Angeles, you just don't, you don't have that, which is nice.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, some would say, and this is not me, by the way.

This is just me playing devil's advocate, I guess, you know, which, and doing a both sides kind of thing to this, you know, but some would say, you know, you know, you know, they say that there aren't a lot of storms here in Los Angeles.

And that's why there aren't a lot of storm chasers, you know, it's funny you bring that up because some would say that and some have said that a lot of people have brought that that's why I bring it up is because I knew people probably had said that.

So I said it like they were saying it, even though I don't want to say it.

Of course.

And for me, how I think about it is if I could go somewhere else, I would, right?

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

So you do not have the ability to go anywhere else.

So I think colloquially people sort of refer to it as a curse.

So I'm sort of like stuck in the greater Los Angeles area.

A curse.

What do you mean?

Meaning, meaning you must mean that as a euphemism or something for you.

Just feel like your curse is like.

Exactly.

It's a euphemism for sort of like in angering a warlock.

And yeah, and then it was, it was a whole thing.

And so then he said, I sort of, well, I taught to them to be fair and I said do magic.

And he said, no.

And I said, come on, please do it for me.

Do a little magic on me.

You coured.

And now I cannot leave the boundaries of Los Angeles.

Oh, okay.

Where, where does one come across a warlock in Los Angeles?

Especially in Los Angeles.

The magic castle.

Oh, six cents.

Yeah.

They're always luring in.

They're like, come on, it's going to be a fun time.

It's going to be fun.

It's going to be good.

And it's not.

And you spend a lot of money on food, which is, I think, honestly, the biggest mumber of that evening.

Oh, yeah, I can only imagine.

So you, so the city limits, are you resigned to those?

Or is it just like what people consider Los Angeles to be?

So it is very strict to the city limits of Los Angeles.

So Culver City?

No.

I can't even go to Culver City.

No.

Santa Monica, nice try.

Venice, I can go to, but I have to be very careful of what streets I'm taking.

So you can't even go to the Glendale Gallery?

I can't echo to the Glendale Gallery.

No!

And I've heard it's lovely, but I have been to the grove and I don't know if that counts.

It does.

It's kind of the same thing.

Yeah.

It's not Americana at brand.

No.

I'm a bit of a feminine.

Sorry.

I remember right at it, right?

Just out in there.

Had you gone before you met the warlock?

I had it.

I was actually just passing through.

I had a very successful, maybe you've heard of it, Storm Warriors, which is not off, which was sort of my show and...

Oh, it does.

No, I don't.

I guess I hadn't heard that.

It was a television show?

It was a television show on a little channel that rhymes with the History Channel.

The Shmistry Channel?

Pissed to read.

The Chrystery Channel?

The Chrystery Channel.

The Blustery Channel.

The Chrystery Channel.

That's it.

The Chrystery Channel.

Okay, interesting.

So you had a show.

How long did the show run for?

It ran for 12 seasons.

It was my dad's show that was then passed down to me.

Yeah, I come from sort of a storm-tracing family.

Oh, okay.

So your father was a famous storm chaser.

Deacon, Wiesden, Smythe, yes.

Oh, okay.

If you've heard of him.

To be honest, I don't know.

I guess I don't have a lot of cultural knowledge when it comes to storm chasers.

Okay.

And it's a movie twister.

Okay, and see that I don't love, actually.

Really?

There's a lot of misconceptions that I think have come from that movie.

Oh, like what?

Okay.

Dress to start, sort of like the outfits that people wear.

You gotta be safe.

First and foremost, when you're chasing a storm.

Oh, okay.

I think sort of that loose.

What were they wearing in that movie?

I can't, they were wearing like baggy clothes.

It was the 90s though.

That is true.

But I think it's one of those things where they should have known better.

The technology was there at that time.

But a boot cut was pretty popularized back then.

You know, if you look at movies of the time, Dawson's Creek, for instance, everyone's got those wide pants.

It was sort of, you know, fashion goes in 20 year cycles.

So it was like very influenced by the bell bottoms of the 70s.

Absolutely.

But you know, if there was a tornado barreling down the street of Dawson's Creek.

And God forbid.

Because we want Pacey to be safe and sound in his home.

We don't want anyone to be blown into that creek and suddenly drowning.

He would have been the first to go.

He would.

Pacey would have died.

The wind would have picked Pacey up first.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

And it's that Joshua Jackson.

Yes.

He hosted SNL once.

Really?

Joshua Jackson did?

He did during the affair years.

I think it was during Dawson's Creek.

Oh, that makes more sense.

I hosted SNL once.

Really?

Yeah, you really never heard of my show.

No, I'm so sorry.

No, I just.

Yeah.

Who was a musical guest your weekend?

Taylor Swift.

Wow.

Let's hear you say it.

What's here?

You say it ladies and gentlemen.

Taylor Swift.

Oh, there you go.

That's all to play.

So it's just, I know I was sort of my thing.

People said I did it well.

So, yeah.

Yeah, that was great.

You had some great sketches.

Oh, the times when I can travel.

Oh, which one did you like the best?

I liked the one where you were Condoleezza Rice at a food court.

Yeah.

And you couldn't figure out what to get.

And then Dick Cheney shot you.

Shot you.

Yeah.

Thank you.

They did not want me to do that sketch.

And I said, leave it in.

I liked dumb jokes, which is perfect for a guy who sells beans for a living.

But your favorite movies are big and Juno.

And those are two very, very smart comedies.

They're comedies?

Oh, okay.

You just like the premises?

I cried during both of those movies every time I've seen them.

True.

I mean, Juno, she's pregnant in that, right?

Yeah.

They should call that movie I'm pregnant.

Because I can never remember what it's about.

I go, Juno, what is that about?

Juno, Juno, Juno?

Oh, yeah, she's pregnant.

And they should call it I'm pregnant.

And they should have called big.

This woman goes to jail for having sex with a minor.

Yeah.

In the sequel, hopefully, she's just getting out.

Yeah.

Meanwhile, he's turned 40.

Yeah.

And she's sell mates with Hillary Clinton.

Okay.

I don't know about that.

Listen, maybe not bring that.

I'm not saying.

I don't know about that.

I'm just saying the future.

Can you sit down?

Just sit down.

Please stop towering above us.

Sorry.

So you, you, you, how long were you on that show?

And did you catch any of the storms?

I mean, what is it to catch a storm at the end of the day, right?

It's more of a feeling.

I would argue.

Good point.

In that case, we caught all of them physically.

We weren't as successful as I would have hoped.

I think more at storm site seeing is, is would have been a more apt title if we're going with apt title.

Right.

So how close were you, were you looking at them from?

So you know how in airplanes there's like an airplane tower and there's people that sort of have binoculars.

I mean, I guess I haven't gotten that macro with it.

I usually just, you know, they take a look at my ID.

You know, I get felt up by TSA these days.

You know what I mean?

It's like, and then suddenly it's like, Oh, what?

I got to take my shoes off.

Oh, stinky.

And then I get on the plane.

But so I'm not, you know, looking at those.

I'm not even noticing the spare beans everywhere, you know.

Oh, I see.

There are a lot of beans in this room.

Yeah.

Some people say airplanes are powered by beans.

Is that true?

Well, look around.

Next time you're on an airplane, you'll see all the piles of them.

Okay.

And then by the time you'll end.

I won't be on an airplane anytime soon, actually.

Oh, that's right.

Oh, yeah.

I guess you could fly from LA to bourbon.

No, you can't even go to bourbon.

I do not.

And I do not do that.

Yeah, that's what you, yeah.

I interrupted you.

I'm so sorry.

I wish I used to sort of do a loop at the city.

That would be sort of my, my fun thing on my birthday every year.

What would happen if you did get up in a plane?

Like, would you disappear with the plane just stop once it got to the city limit?

Well, let's just put it this way.

Uh-huh.

I black out and I wake up covered head to toe in blood.

So I don't, it's not my blood, which is good news.

I want to say it's maybe some sort of chicken.

Oh, okay.

Are you immortal?

Um, that's- I guess you don't know.

That is a great question.

And thank you for thinking it that I look so young.

Oh, I don't know.

I mean, you look to be about like a 50, 58 year old woman.

Is that like, I'm just, you haven't died yet.

Yikes.

I am 27.

Oh, so sorry.

Ooh, it's like- Yikes.

No, that's okay.

That's okay.

Um, so maybe that's another part of the crisis that I just didn't know about.

Um, I can be 57.

If you want me to be 57.

Uh, no, I mean, I'm sorry.

I'm 57 now.

I'll be 57.

No, please, no.

That's it.

No, uh, Melgen, you, you, she's so amenable.

Yeah.

Um- This one, I don't have a lot going for me right now if I'm being honest.

I don't really want to be around like the curse person or whatever.

So it's like- Yeah, do they think it'll rub off on them or?

I think so.

Yeah.

Or they just want to go to another neighborhood and you can't go with.

Yeah.

They can't visit.

And to be fair to them, I think people are worried that the curse is going to rub off on them because it does usually rub off on people.

Oh, really?

I think that's maybe why people are afraid.

Uh-oh.

Oh gosh.

They should have been informed of this before.

Yeah.

I mean, we're- I sent an email.

Okay, I sell beans for a living.

I got to leave the city.

Yeah.

I mean, out of the three of us, you have to sell your beans in other cities.

Al, maybe someday you're going to tour or visit.

I've made that.

So, but I mean, me, like I'm the only one who should get this curse, right?

I sell- My bean store is at the Glendale Galleria.

No.

Yes, it is.

Wow.

I wish I knew- I wish I could go.

I wish I could go and support you and I'm sorry.

I wish you could go though.

Do you think we're going to have this curse?

That's a really great question.

There's really only one way to find out.

We all got to get in a car.

Wait, do you want to get in the car with us?

We all got to get in a car.

All of us together.

At this point, we're in it.

We're in it.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

So, I think we're going to get in a car.

We have to drive to Playa de Vista and we got to see if we can- Yeah.

If we can order some tacos at that home state.

Yeah.

Must be hard to get brunch with you.

It's tough.

Yeah.

But that's because I'm allergic to peanuts.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Why, you don't like any brunch spots in the city proper of LA?

Well, I just, you know, usually they're so busy that sometimes it's like, you know what, let's just go to Burbank where it's a little- Oh, yeah.

All the LA natives are like, hey, let's go over to Burbank for a breath.

Every once in a while, there'll be a cool spot that opens up where it's like, hey, anyway, yeah, we're getting off track here.

So- That's okay.

It sounds really good.

You guys should go do that afterwards.

It sounds like we can't.

Oh, right.

So then I guess we all just have to go somewhere local.

Should we find the warlock?

I mean, is he at the Magic Castle still?

Good luck.

Like you're covered in blood?

Yeah.

Chickens or otherwise?

I'm really sorry, on the plus side, I guess we all can be friends now.

I guess we're all friends.

Not exactly how I start making friends with someone.

Yeah, I mean, Alan and I are at least work acquaintances, but I mean, I kind of like you before I found out that you sort of cursed us all.

Yeah.

And to be honest, I don't like- I don't like Maurice at all.

Yeah, although I guess if we have to hang out for eternity together, I'll be on the show again.

I guess so.

It'll be hard to get brunch with you though.

Yeah.

I'm not going to bourbon.

How do we find this warlock?

That's a really great question and I'm not totally sure.

But- What were the circumstances you went to the Magic Castle?

You taunted the warlock.

Correct.

He's there to do magic presumably.

Card tricks mostly.

Right.

And so you were watching him from the audience.

He was on stage.

I was in the audience.

He was doing his tricks.

You were heckling him.

Well, I wouldn't call it that.

I just basically said, I know how you do that.

And he went, no, you don't.

And I said, I can guarantee it.

And then I got up on stage and he said, ma'am, please sit down.

And I said, absolutely not.

And he goes, I can really do magic.

And I go, yeah, show me.

Show me.

And so he sort of did a card trick.

And he said, okay, well, there was magic.

And then I- What was the trick?

What was the trick?

So he took a card and he put it by his face and then he sort of flexed it back and forth.

And he said, I know what the card is and it was a nine and it was a nine, in fact.

Just a nine, not a nine of any particular suit or- There was no suits on any of those things.

Oh, weird.

It was very weird.

It was just a card and it had the number nine on it.

And it had the number nine on there.

Yeah, it sounds pretty magical.

I never seen a card like that.

I've never seen a card like that.

I don't think they make them.

And this didn't send off your spooky radar at all?

No.

And then I'm out back and I was just like, well, that was a waste of $300.

Oh, dang.

Including tip for the meal.

Yeah, how'd you get out back?

I was escorted out back by the bouncer.

Usually they escort you out the front and kick you out.

So they took you into the back alley.

Through the kitchen, they wanted me to see where my dinner was made.

Which I am not thoughtful.

Which I appreciate.

So I had a chance to thank the chef, which was nice.

Oh, yeah.

We had a nice conference.

Did he put a curse on you at all or?

I don't think so.

So you can't get brunch outside of LA?

I don't think so.

I don't know, though.

You can never guarantee it.

So I'm being escorted out and the bouncer says, and stay out.

But not outside of LA.

And then that was sort of...

Was that the first thing that tipped you off to like, did I just get cursed?

Why did he say that?

That was a weird...

So wait, the warlock is the bouncer.

The warlock is the bouncer.

That can't be right.

The bouncer is the one who said, but not outside of LA.

I thought it was the chef in the kitchen.

Oh my God.

We just got to find the bouncer.

I see.

And that's going to be easy because he's my downstairs neighbor.

Oh, well, what?

Wow.

Sounds like this guy's got a crush on you and maybe you don't have a curse on you after all this stuff.

I want you to leave the city.

Thank you.

Was he your neighbor?

What?

Is that why you went to the magic castle in the first place?

Because your downstairs neighbor...

Yeah, he doesn't take it.

Oh, so $300 with free tickets.

And you're not going to leave this discounted food.

$300 with discounted food?

Yeah, you can actually...

How much would it have been normally?

$330?

10% off?

At least.

Maybe $335 even.

Oh my God.

So wow, so this downstairs neighbor, what's this guy's name?

This bouncer.

Daniel.

Okay, so he sees you around the apartment building.

Yeah.

He develops...

We're guessing he develops feelings for you.

I don't know.

That's my take on the situation.

I don't know.

Me?

Yeah, I mean, why do you say it like that?

I mean, you're not traditionally attractive.

You look 58.

Thank you.

And you look 30 years older than what you are.

Someone who's 58 can't be attractive, Scott?

Well, you're never going to be sexually attracted to a 58-year-old?

I mean, you know, after a certain like...

You're never going to go go hot 58-year-old and see what happens?

I think 51 is the cutoff.

Whoa.

Well, that's good to know for me and my prospects at this point.

I appreciate that.

Well, it doesn't sound like you're dating all that much because it doesn't sound like you're confident.

I don't think you look 58 at all for the record.

Thank you.

How old do you...

If you had to guess, say you're working at a carnival, the beans thing doesn't work out.

Oh boy.

Right?

Okay.

And you're like, well, the only other place I can go to work is this local carnival because I can't leave LA.

But this carnival is staying put.

It's not traveling around like a traveling circus.

This one's right here.

Okay.

It's within the city limits.

I can work here.

Everything's good.

Okay.

She comes in.

Hold on.

Let me take off the calf tan.

Okay.

Oh, you know what?

That was a big part of it.

Okay.

Thank you.

Yeah.

Okay.

You're guessing her age and weight.

I'm guessing your age and weight.

Yeah.

That's your job at the carnival.

Am I trying to get splat?

You're not selling beans at the carnival.

No, people pay you to do it.

Okay.

All right.

What would you say?

Age and weight.

Okay.

Eighteen, a hundred pounds.

That's the polite thing to do.

You're not going to get this 18.

You're paying you money.

And if you don't get it within three pounds and three years, you have to give them a prize.

I'd rather lose the money than come off as disrespectful.

You're going to be working there for only like two hours before they can your ass.

I'm going to get slapped.

The prize is a goldfish.

And keep in mind, I do not want a goldfish.

Okay.

I don't know, 57, 145.

I'm going to get slapped.

That seems pretty dead on.

That's yeah.

I mean, 57, 145.

That's what I would have said too.

If someone said that to my face, I'd slap them.

I will slap you, but it'll be your hand in a handshake.

Wow.

Because you got, I mean, it was pretty spot on.

I am 27, but I'm pretty common.

I'm pretty comfortable with the terms that I have a 20.

Wait, what was it spot on?

I am and I am 160 pounds.

So I said 145.

Right.

You're close.

I'm going to slap your hand and I'm going to give you a nice.

That is a firm, hardy handshake, by the way.

That is like a high five or like in predator when.

Oh, you like predator too?

I have a friend who likes predator.

Oh, yeah.

Was he excited when they announced a new one?

No, my friend.

Yeah.

No, why am I asking you?

I don't know, but I'm sure your friend thinks that the original is the classic one.

They don't need to keep remaking this.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

But this one said in the past 300 years ago.

Oh, great.

Wow.

That's awesome.

Fresh take on it on the material.

Don't you think?

Yeah, I'm sure taking Shane Smith's classic work that only has about 50 lines in it.

It is the most pure action experience you could ever witness in theaters is a good idea.

Okay.

All right.

Well, I'll ask him about it next time I see it.

But so yeah, this sounds like you're downstairs.

I mean, we should just go to your apartment after the after the show.

I mean, this is the guy who cursed you.

Danny.

Oh my God.

Okay.

Does he look like a warlock?

Well, no, except he has a pointy hat and a cape with stars and moons on it.

Wait, is it a witch's hat?

Oh my God.

Okay.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

You know, just when you see somebody every day and you just sort of like start filtering them out.

Yeah.

It's like those beans that I see every day.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Oh, you guys.

This is the weird.

This is the world.

I mean, yeah, this is the warlock.

Oh my God.

Oh, Morgan, you idiot.

You dumb idiot, right?

No, no, you're new to L.A.

This happened.

I've been here for three years actually.

Oh, okay.

So it takes five to get comfortable.

Do you think?

Yeah.

It takes about 10 to get your first acting job.

Really?

Yeah.

Okay, great.

That's my backup.

I did try acting for a little bit and then the teacher said if you can do anything else, don't act.

So I quit.

Oh, okay.

So you're just acting in class for your teacher.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

What, what scenes did you bring in?

Sex lives and videotapes.

Oh.

The sequel to sex lives and videotapes?

Wow.

It's like aliens.

Yeah.

Full disclosure, I wrote it.

Oh, what are the hereches doing?

That's a really great question.

Where are they have to?

They sort of solved all of their problems.

Oh, yeah.

And it's just sort of a montage of them being happy and living their lives on planes a lot.

Look, Marlene, what is it?

Marlene, Mel, Milgan.

I could change it.

No, you don't like that.

I could change it.

Great name.

Morgan is a great name.

You don't have to go buy Mel again.

Do you mean that?

I do.

Can you just call up Danny?

I can't because I think I'm in love.

This is a spell.

He's put you under a, did he, did he say anything to you?

Mm hmm.

One of these days where he's like, now you're in love with me, Alika Zam, something like that.

Mm hmm.

He didn't, but I think I'm in love with Maurice.

Oh, okay.

Did you say anything like that?

I don't remember saying.

Because you are at such a dud.

I can't imagine anyone actually really being in love with you.

I can't explain it.

Thank God this episode is coming out out of Monday, right?

I mean, you're just like, all you want to talk about is beans.

Yes.

Yes, actually.

You love getting brunch within the city limits.

Yeah, because it's better and I got the money to spend on it.

I'm not trying to go to Burbank and get some discount tacos.

So you love this guy, really?

Wow.

This is zero over here.

I can't explain it.

Because I guessed your age and weight.

I mean, there's something about accuracy.

Incorrectly.

Well, I took the under on weight, which is the polite thing to do.

I know.

But there's something about somebody just like seeing me for who I am.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

And I don't know.

I got to pump the brakes on that.

First, I'm going to happily committed marriage even though the power dynamic is.

You're married.

You don't usually describe it as happily committed marriage.

Look, we've been through some hard times.

Oh, really?

Why didn't you want to talk about that?

Like we went through beans.

Zero.

We went through your kids less than zero.

Good movie.

Yeah.

I was always taught that if you're driving zero to 60, you don't start at 60.

You start at zero.

Yeah, but you want to get to 60 within 2.4 seconds, don't you?

What kind of cars are you driving?

Only the finest of sports cars, my dear man.

I drive an e-bike.

Why didn't you bring up that?

Look, you brought out the worst stuff about my life for about 30 minutes.

And right before a break, we got into the good stuff.

The red tail?

Yes, the red tail.

The t-shirt.

Anyway, Morgan, I am in a happily committed marriage.

The marriage itself isn't happy, but it's committed and I'm proud of that.

And you're happy about the commitment even though the marriage is unhappy.

I am.

Yeah, there's been a lot of infidelity on her side, but I want to get into that.

I don't want to get into it with my wife.

I know with your wife, but with whom is your wife sleeping?

Competing bean sales money.

Oh, no.

Anyway, look, you're a wonderful girl.

I think you're under a bad spell from an evil warlock who happens to be her neighbor.

I think you just got to break that and you'll understand that L.A. is an oyster for you to explore.

Yeah, you're a 20.

You're young.

You don't look young.

You're not conventionally attractive unless the convention was a bunch of old ladies.

No, I think you do that.

Like a quilting convention or something like that.

Sure.

You don't have a ton going for you.

Like your job sucks.

Right.

But you know, there are people in the city who would be into that and people in other cities certainly.

Oh boy, like Wichita where you, you know, where you shouldn't go back to.

Man.

Boy, you're like a Wichita 12, you know?

I was too attractive.

That's why it came to LA in the first place.

Did they kick you out of town?

They kicked me out of town.

They put me in a box.

Like profit?

They put me in the box.

They drove me to the city limits.

And then they sort of left the box cracked open and passed out heat exhaustion.

Oh, it's a hot town.

It's a hot town tornado season.

Oh my God.

What a terrible story.

And then you wake up, your neighbor says, come to the magic castle.

Yeah.

You go down there and he puts his curse on you.

And he puts a curse on you.

And here you are in love with this guy.

Yeah.

Please, I'll only break your heart.

Just consider running away with me.

Look, maybe I'll go for a hike with you in Griffith Park, but that's about it.

I'll take it.

All right.

But I'm telling you half an hour into the conversation, you'll be like, this guy sucks.

He's got nothing to say.

He's a boring guy.

Trust me.

Yeah.

Trust this guy.

Follow the scot for all I care.

They're the funniest, hottest guy I've ever seen in my life.

This is nuts.

Someone else put a spell on you.

It was not me.

I'm not an attractive guy.

At least you admit it.

Yeah.

Have you even seen my ass?

I haven't.

Oh, okay.

This is going to be a deal break.

Yeah.

Stand up.

This is going to break the spell right here.

Keep standing up.

I mean, like stand on your chair.

You've been standing this entire time.

I'll turn around.

Turn around.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

I know it.

Oh, my God.

I'm breaking all the spells.

Oh, no.

Stare right into it.

Wait.

Stop.

Stare.

Hold on.

I'm wearing pinwheel pants too.

Hold on.

You're slowly breaking out of the spell.

Hold on.

No.

Oh, my God.

What?

I'm going to be a little bit more.
