---
layout: page
title: 734. Aisling Bea, Paul F. Tompkins, Madeline Walter [619afec3acaee7001a5a180c].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Like my mom on her birthday stuffed me like a turkey.

My mom was a turkey.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm. Interesting.

I mean, I propose for the season, certainly, but it doesn't make sense.

Like my mom on her birthday stuffed me like a turkey.

My mom was a turkey.

Okay, yeah, I guess it does.

Thank you so much to Ska Laptrums.

Ska Laptrums for that catchphrase submission.

And by the way, speaking of catchphrase submissions, I beg of you, we have several catchphrase superstars out there submitting regularly.

Can anyone else please submit?

I love the catchphrase superstars, but I don't want to constantly rely on them.

And you have people whose names are like, you know, Butfart Island is submitting a lot, you know?

It's like, I'd rather just stay away from these.

That's actually an old German name.

And is it really?

Yeah, they're going to email in angrily.

Excuse me, that's actually my name.

Oh my God, you do a great German accent.

Oh, is that a popular thing to do?

Yeah, yes.

Well, I mean, it's not, I don't think you can be canceled for it.

Yeah.

Yeah, one of the last few bastions of the things you can do.

In fact, I might even continue with the rest of this interview and see how it goes down.

You do a ton of accents and I'll introduce you in a second, but before we get to your introduction, I want to just talk about your accents.

But you're silliest one is the one you were born with.

You are an Irish lass, are you not?

And that is what we're hearing.

Tis true, tis true, Scott.

I am an Irish lass from Ireland.

There's such a character.

There are certain, and I'll introduce you in just one moment.

Oh, keep it, maybe you are never.

I, you know, I did that with Samantha Bee.

We didn't say her name until it was the very last thing we said on the show.

We said Samantha Bee is here.

But there are, there are gradations of the Irish accent, is there not?

Because you can say Irish is gradations.

But gradations not.

Why people sometimes go, why are you like, I don't know.

Yeah, I don't know.

I don't know if gradations is a technical term in linguistics for like.

It should be though.

Do you agree with that?

At least.

Do you agree with that, Ashling?

Or are you going to be difficult at every turn?

Um, I, I, I do disagree.

I think maybe Asian suggests more difficulty for an American to understand.

Is that, is that what you're trying to suggest?

I'm zooming out.

You're going to have to put this in some kind of way I can understand.

Accigidact.

Now that's an American accent, is it?

As in normal.

Yes.

The baseline.

Baseline mainstream accent is American.

So I'll translate sometimes.

I suppose, yeah, it depends on where you're from.

Be it be I remember I lived with my grandfather who had Parkinson's for the last two years of his life.

And when I first moved in, I couldn't understand what he was saying because his speech had gotten very difficult.

And by the end, there's this film.

I can't remember what it is, but I'm pretty sure.

Cool running's.

No, no, we're, we're no way close there, Scott.

But greater guess before any clues of any.

OK, I just, I, there was this movie.

I thought there were some clues.

Context clues.

There was this movie.

Oh, you mean cool running's.

No, it's with Antonio Banderas.

And there's a montage of him slowly learning a language.

Is that what it is in the past?

He just sits around a fireside with a load of people who've captured him and he sort of watches it over the night and then eventually like, but it's a bit of a big, big, big, big dude.

Wait a little, the 13th warrior?

Maybe.

And he just learns the language of his captors quickly.

I don't know.

Yeah, I'm, I'm searching through the rolodex of Antonio Banderas being captured with captors movies and all I can think of is the 13th warrior.

But then again, it's that one because it sounds like it was a bit set in the past.

Yeah.

It's in the modern day tale.

Perhaps, perhaps.

But over our sequence of time, he eventually learns his captors language and I'm not saying my granddad was my captor in any way.

But over a sequence of time, I just suddenly started becoming like an elderly person whisperer.

And to this day, it's not even an old Irish person.

If there's an elderly person struggling with speech, I get it.

I can hear them.

I can hear what they're saying.

Oh, no, no, no, no.

I'm like, what did you just say right there?

I don't even know what I wanted.

It just wouldn't mind a bit of dinner.

Right.

Okay.

Interesting.

I would love to grow old and have you still, you and I still be friends.

I'm assuming we're going to start a very close friendship right now.

Yeah, but it sounds like what you're looking for is a nurse, an Irish nurse.

Could be.

Yeah, perhaps.

I will introduce you.

Of course we have, she is a stand up comedian.

She's an actress.

She's a panelist on panel shows.

She is a writer and a producer and she has a.

Oh, and now we're just listing.

Like emotional qualities.

I thought we should throw it in because I think we'll focus on those things.

Okay, she's very kind.

She, she, she came in with a smile.

She is a light bubbly presence that fills up a room.

Oh my God.

Those are more important jobs, right?

I mean, when we die, we're going to be, you know, people aren't going to be like, oh, it's too bad.

Another actress died.

No, they're going to say, oh, what a wonderful person she was.

Where are we going to get them now?

Are we going to fill those void characters and movies?

But she has a, the second series of her show, This Way Up is on Hulu right now.

And I would imagine the first series is as well.

Yeah.

It's not like, it's not like when the second one goes up, they go, hey, delete that first one.

If you didn't catch it fast enough, sorry guys.

Yeah, so first series and the second series of this way up are all on Hulu.

This way up.

And we'll talk about that in a second.

She also has a new movie on Disney Plus called Home Sweet Alabama.

What is it?

What the hell is this movie called again?

Sorry, I laugh very close to the mic there and I feel like that might have been.

No, no, no, we actually, you, you want to be right up on these ones.

Oh, do you?

Yes.

Much better.

There we go.

Yeah.

Um, yeah, it's called Home Sweet Alabama Home Alone.

I think Disney will come in and say something nasty to me if I don't say that properly.

Home Sweet Home Alone.

Home Sweet Home Alone, which I saw last night.

Did you?

No, I banned them from the room.

I'm like, get out.

Daddy's working.

God, I watch this goddamn movie.

Isn't it weird that the idea of a grown man watching it on his own in a room?

Isn't that terrible?

Yeah.

That's where we've got.

You forgot to say a lonely man.

Go a lonely, lonely, home alone, lone man.

Yes.

And watching Home Sweet Home Alone alone.

But please welcome to the show for the first time.

And I'm realized that we didn't have the conversation where I exactly nailed down how to say your first name, but I'm going to give it a go here.

Well, but please welcome Aisling.

No, Aisling B.

Yeah.

I took a try and then is that AI of it?

It is.

That's what I said to Haley Joel Osmond once.

Yeah.

Because of his movie.

Yeah.

I think Joel Osmond as we might say.

Yes.

He really put the AI in Haley Joel Osmond.

Isn't he?

Scott, that's very good.

That sounds like a fake laugh.

Yeah.

No.

I'm tired of people coming in here and fake laughing at me.

But you know what?

I stopped halfway through my laugh.

I should respect because the first part of my laugh was at the joke.

And the second part was me as a colleague going, give him a little support.

Well done.

Yeah.

I'm like, that is lovely.

Appreciate it.

Yes.

Aisling B.

It's the gradations of my name because of my culture.

Yes.

And so it's gone too far.

And the gradation of what you would enjoy.

It's like Ashley, but it's with a link.

Link the end.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

But what fools you as the way it's spelled.

It's like it's a tricky business.

It's like some sort of puzzle or some sort of maze.

And if you get to the end and you say it correctly, you win.

Yeah.

It's like it's a show business, a tricky business.

So why not have a name?

It really is.

And that's like, you know, a bit difficult.

This name says, hey, pay attention to me.

Yeah.

Or I'm a new actress.

I don't try.

Just skirt over it somehow and see if it doesn't come up.

Now I watched this movie last night, this home, home alone.

So fuck.

Home sweet home sweet home.

I'm not going to tell people to eat a lot of fish.

And then, you know, forever more he'll, he'll.

I love fish.

Oh, and a butcher of fish, butchers.

But it's a, it's a, it's a, I guess it's a, well, it's a, it's, it's said in the home alone of hers.

Mm hmm.

Certainly.

Yeah.

Because there's a character from home alone.

I'm not going to say who.

I think we're allowed.

You are allowed.

Devin Retray, the actor, Devin Retray.

Yes.

He plays the brother of McCully Colkins character.

He has now all grown up.

He's the person that you want to see if you're going to see one of the actors from the original.

Yeah.

He's very funny.

Yeah.

He's a really good actor.

But this, this movie, I, you know, I turned it on for research because you were going to be on the show, but then it has a lot of our, a lot of our buds and homies in it.

And I really enjoyed this.

It's got a Rob Delaney, an Ellie Kemper or the two, they're the sort of the Joe Pesci and Daniel Stern of this movie.

You have Andy Daly.

You have Pete Holmes.

You have who?

Kenan Thompson.

Kenan's in it.

Tim and these Simon's.

Tim Simon's of course.

Yeah.

Friend of the show.

Has he been on the show?

Ali Mackie.

Bing Larius.

Who else is in it?

Oh God, this is, it's almost like name one person or a 12, isn't it?

I mean, I guess we don't have to name every single actor who's in the show.

But, but I was laughing.

I think it's funnier than the original.

Oh, okay.

As far as I'm concerned, like it has actual good jokes and good performances.

Nice.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I really enjoyed it.

So check that out to everyone.

Did you have a good time making it?

It's, first of all, I got to ask, was it shot in England?

Because so many, Montreal.

We did have a good time as much as it can have a good time, but we started it in take yourselves back to February when you could cough 2020.

February 2020.

No.

So you guys are getting all the, all the like news of the day.

Yeah.

While you're making this fun family film.

One of the last scenes I did was in an airport with 800 sporting artists, AKA extras to anyone who's not in show beds.

I mean, who are those people?

And, but, and I was really, why do they bother?

Yeah, I know.

You know what I mean?

Suppose someone needs to, what are other jobs?

Well, I have to say, I have to give shout outs to the listeners of this show who are mainly just like plumbers and janitors and stuff.

We took a poll recently, we took a survey and it's all like people who clean shit for a living and it's like, okay, I guess that's our demographic anyway.

So I hope.

Actually, real skills though, to be fair.

Like, I often think- I mean, anyone can do it.

It's just that we don't want to.

That is not true.

Anyone can, and we say sitting around talking into a microphone.

And with no great plan.

I think that's a special skill.

Whereas anyone can just like wipe shit out of a toilet.

Do you see the people who survive if you ever watch any apocalyptic movie?

It is never the performers.

I actually- Walking Dead.

I would like to see that instead, a Walking Dead type series where it's just like a band of actors who have- Actually, I think there was a, I'm saying actually, by the way, not your name, but I- I turn around like a dog when I hear actually, I'm like, yes?

All the time.

What about love?

Love Ashling.

Is that a thing?

Should that be a thing?

I wish it was.

Love, comma, ashling.

Love, comma.

Or just love Ashling.

Like, and it's like- A direct order.

Yeah.

What do you think about that?

Because people love that movie in your home country.

It's not my home country.

It's the United Kingdom.

Wherever it is.

They made it.

Oh, my gosh.

Good to him getting canceled in Ireland.

Oh, no.

A lot of plumbers there.

Oh, my God, Scott.

What did you do?

Where were we?

I do think they're very valid.

Oh, there is a- Love actually is very important.

I think you are- Here's a weird thing I'm going to try and predict.

Were you about to suggest the book Station 11, where a band of actors sort of do survive a pandemic?

Sure.

Oh, okay.

No, what are you talking about?

I could see your eyes go blank.

I'm playing along, but I- I could see- You weren't really.

Your eyes went dead.

Station 11.

It's cool.

Is it Station 11?

And it's being turned into a TV series, which is out soon.

And it's a brilliant book.

It was a New York Times bestseller all about.

And it came out just roughly before a pandemic.

And it was all about a cough wiping out the population.

And I was one of those people who watched contagion and everything as soon as I came here just to kind of get ahead of what was going to happen.

Yeah, although this one didn't come from, you know, pork.

I don't mean to spoil the end of contagion.

I mean, of course it came from, you know, people having sex with bats in China, but- You know, we're just pork with souls.

So it- That's a good point.

You know?

Yeah.

We're all just pork with dolphin, you know?

Good point.

Can I always say that?

Have you ever tried to bounce one of those like balls on your nose?

Well, not enough about my social life.

What?

Yeah.

Hold on.

I'm going to run around the room and high fiving everyone.

Oh, man.

That was satisfying.

Um, but yes, I would like to see the show where the actors survive, like whatever.

I feel like there was a Walking Dead season where the dude- The man with the lion.

Oh, oh yeah, the guy with the lion.

Yeah, that.

It was a further Walking Dead season where like a violinist survived.

Mm.

And I was just like immediately annoyed by him.

Maybe the zombies couldn't- Maybe the zombies couldn't handle going near his like pity party.

Oh yeah.

It's harder for me.

It was the world's tiniest violin.

Um, well, music does soothe that savage breast, does it not?

Oh, my two are always soothed by my two savage.

What's your favorite song of all time?

It's Savage Garden.

Yeah, it's good.

Yeah, because it reminds me of my savage breasts.

And how soon they are.

And how soon they are by music all the time.

Savage Garden.

Where did they go?

Are they all right?

I hope they're okay.

Although, you know, you don't expect really a lot of those people who were doing it 30 years ago to really still be out there sometimes, you know?

Or did they just do what?

Like if you can get one hit, oh, imagine that life.

Man.

Because I could still say, I want to show on with the be a fan.

And you know what the song is.

You're not like, what's that?

You're like, oh, yeah, he did it.

Especially the way you're doing it.

You're doing a spot on impression of it.

Oh, that's my skill is impressions of songs that no one cares about.

What else do you have?

I'd love to hear them.

Oh, you probably don't know.

Do you know, moving and people?

And people.

They were big.

And people.

Moving on up.

I'm moving on up.

Time to get ready.

Nothing can suck me.

Um, great.

And I suppose throw out one.

Scott.

Any song?

Okay.

Do you do any Spice Girls?

Um, oh, I can do specific people within songs.

Okay.

And sometimes like, um, I'm giving you everything.

Oh, that you can bear.

Yes, I swear.

How?

That's a bit, that's supposed to be sporty Spice, but it didn't work out because I've had too much natural wine last night.

You sound good.

Are you an actual singer?

Oh, um, no, it wasn't one of the bios that you listed out.

No, it was not, but I would love to add it to your repertoire.

I mean, you're actually really good at it.

I just thought maybe Mel B in one.

Um, Mel Brooks?

No, Mel Brooks.

Mel Brooks, who did that stuff.

What if he came out with a big press release?

He's like, I'm 98 years old.

I now want to be known as Mel B.

And I'll tell you what I want, what I really, really want.

Um, yeah, no, I can't think of one of the songs quick enough.

Go on, go do one.

I do, I do, uh, let's see.

I do Edwin Collins.

You are here a little bit.

I absolutely don't know who Edwin Collins is, but I- From Orange Juice?

This is what?

Here we go.

Never really had you like me.

Not like me, not who you mean now.

I know who you mean.

Okay.

How about Brian Fairey?

Here we go.

I never meant to hurt you.

I never meant to make you cry.

Oh, lovely.

What do you think?

That's made me think of, um, uh, uh, I remember I used to try and do all of the people in- Do you remember that charity version of It's Such a Perfect Day?

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And it's Rogue, and you know, it was a good kind of like, uh, Bono and Camino.

Oh, it's such a perfect day.

And then it'd be someone coming on.

I'm glad I spent it with you.

And it was just like, what note did they give everyone to make sure?

Such a perfect day.

You just gave me hanging on.

Who's that?

I love that one.

I don't know that one, but I knew- Can you do M people doing perfect day?

Um, Orange, Such a Perfect Day.

I'm not a spanner with you.

Um, or any like, maybe an Ellie Golding who I have become pals with who's very sweet.

Um, but um- Good disclaimer.

Such a perfect day.

You just gave me hanging on.

You just gave me a- Ah!

And then there's just a little nap at the end.

Oh, I love it.

We have to talk about, uh, your show this way up.

Please.

Because it is out on Hulu now and- You spent last night watching it alone, didn't you?

No!

No, I brought the kids in for that.

Like, come on in, kids.

I'm done watching Home Alone.

Uh, now this show has Sharon Horgan, the great Sharon Horgan, who- Great Sharon Horgan.

Uh, of course, people know from catastrophe and so many great shows, and- But this is your baby.

Yeah.

Uh, you created this, right?

Uh-huh.

And, uh, you- you are the star.

Well, now come on.

Uh, I mean, stars shining bright in the sky, and you certainly are amongst them.

Thank you very much.

I'd like to think of myself as a giant moon.

Uh, I never know how to predict this, but with everyone's emotions.

What is this show about?

Uh, give us- give us the sort of elevator pitch that meets- That's it.

Meets, uh, extended remix of the elevator pitch, if you know what I mean?

Yes, how to engage Scott Pitch in watching it.

Yeah, and if my eyes ever kind of drift off to the left, you're losing me.

Oh, God.

Do something to get me back.

Okay, but right now I'm focused.

I don't have to sing- sing- I'm gonna sing my way through.

Sure, sure.

Um, so this way up.

Okay, Scott.

Stay with me.

I'm locked in.

Um, it's- it starts off in a rehab facility.

Oh, women and emotions.

What now?

It says Scott's imagination.

Um, but it's basically the story of two sisters getting through life.

Uh, so it's a hard one to explain, you know, there's no- Are the sisters in the rehab facility, or is it only one of them?

I- I- one, so it starts after- I suppose it starts after the catastrophe, as it were, after the relationship to connected to catastrophe and sharing.

Um, and really it's just about a sisterly relationship.

Sometimes you're like, oh, nothing happens, but I wrote a show where I hoped it would make a comedy about loneliness, because it's one of those subjects that feels like the opposite of comedy.

And, you know, I mean, everyone's writing about mental illness these days, just like- Do something new.

I feel like everyone has it.

Am I right?

Yeah, especially after the pandemic and what I felt was- We've all undergone such trauma.

Yes.

We don't even realize it yet.

We're all walking around like going like, why do I feel so shitty all the time?

It's because- it's because we- our lives have been horrible for- Yes.

For a number of years.

And then slowly but surely like sort of, um, uh, like water drops of pressure therapy, and I think we're all a little bit scared to say we feel bad because we know so many people have had it way worse.

And, uh, but it doesn't mean that, uh, what's maybe happened hasn't very much affected you.

And I suppose what I wanted to do was try to make a show that would be accessible and funny rather than, uh, deal with the subject matters in such a model and fashion because that's not how I get through life or do it or any of my friends do.

So you've dealt with this in your life.

Yeah.

And you found yourself dealing with it with humor.

Yeah.

And you said, hey, what if I filmed this?

Yeah, just put a camera on it.

Maybe we could get two cameras depending on, you know, for improv, you know, only one.

Okay, single camera shoot.

Okay.

One day we had the budget for that, but this was in North America where we made it.

Um, so I wrote it all by Penn.

Um, by Penn really?

You don't- you don't, uh, final draft?

No, absolutely final draft.

That was me making a gentle gag.

Oh, Scott came up.

I don't understand humor.

I'm sorry.

Unless it appeals to the plumbers and janitors who listen to this show.

You gotta dumb it down for this.

It's about someone's life going down the toilet.

Um, I'm trying to get a full shot.

There we go.

Back on draft.

Bad men.

So you and Sharon are the, are the sisters, the aforementioned sisters.

Exactly.

And one other thing I wanted to do was show people who were funny and make each other laugh, but the characters are, because sometimes what I felt I would often see was, um, characters who would make the audience laugh, but in, in the serious situations where they wanted to write funny people being funny with each other and making them laugh.

Right.

So, on, yeah, my character who I play and that's spelled A-I-N-E with an accent over the A.

Oh my God.

Okay.

Scott, how did, how did it stay with me?

Legitimately, like when I'm writing something, writing the character's name is the hardest thing.

Oh, so the reason, how did you, how did you come up with?

The reason it's Ornia and Shona is because I wrote it for me and Sharon and A.I. is the first two letters of my name and SH is the first two letters of Sharon.

This is easy now.

Yeah.

I got to.

All I got to do is write it for, okay.

So, my next movie, Keanu, I guess the first two names are K or two letters of K.I.

Can and Scoot.

Can.

Me and Keanu.

They'll never know.

I want that to be the title to, Ken and Scoot.

How legitimately, how surprised would you be if within nine months that movie was suddenly on billboards?

Not at all.

I'll just be really annoyed if I can't even get like a casting.

It just suddenly, I thought of the names that it just came to me and it all came together so quickly.

So, Ken and Scoot does, like I'm walking around LA at the moment and there's billboards everywhere for Red Notice and I can see Ken and Scoot.

Yeah, Ken and Scoot is the spiritual sequel to Red Notice.

In a lot of ways, when you think about it, ah boy, well, ah, but yes it is cool this way.

Yes, this way up is out and because when you look at something, it says this way up on a box because you don't know what's inside a lot of the time and something fragile could be inside and that's sort of like with humans or life.

You've really thought about this.

Oh, I'm just throwing it together.

Oh my god.

This way up is on Hulu right now.

Two series are out right now and of course Home Sweet Home.

Okay, go on.

Hello.

Hey.

Is out there on Disney Plus.

We have to take a break if that's okay, but we have a big show.

Coming up a little later, we have a creative director at an ad agency.

Oh my god.

Have you ever spoken to a creative director at an ad agency?

I have many times and they really know where is it?

Oh, it's great.

It's fun.

Yeah.

Okay, we're going to have fun.

We also have a writer will be coming up next.

So that's interesting, right?

You're a writer.

We might have something in common.

You probably do have something in common.

I think this is a person who's written a few things.

A few things that have been meaningless.

Well received?

Yeah, I mean, I don't know.

A few things that have been on the stage.

I think, oh, we wrote a movie that was out a couple of years ago.

We'll talk to you about that.

Anything involving animals?

Because they're the only ones I watch.

Oh yeah, I think he's done something with an animal.

Yeah, so yeah, we'll talk to him about that.

We will be right back with more comedy bang bang.

More Ashling B will be right back after this.

Woo hoo.

How many bang bang bang we're back?

Ashling B is here this way up on Hulu, Home Sweet, Home Alone.

Is here on Disney Plus.

Also you can get her.

Was it a quarter hour of stand up on Netflix or?

I think it's at court order.

I was like, was it a court order?

Have you ever received a court order?

Yes, I did jury duty just before the pandemic hit.

Really?

Who did you send to the electric chair?

Well, you know what?

He didn't deserve it, but I wanted to see what I was like.

If you are in there in that jury, you so seldom get the opportunity to send someone to death.

I would just be so tempted to do it.

Well, they did not appreciate it when I stood up and said, death, your honor.

I'm about to serve my inner drug offense.

Because also it's not an option in the UK, but that didn't stop me trying to give it a go.

So you did it in the UK, really?

You did it in the UK.

And do you know what was weird?

I thought I will watch an episode of Schitt's Creek where someone got called up for jury duty.

And I was like, I wonder if that's the thing that happens in the UK.

And that day the letter came through.

Whoa.

Yeah, it was really weird.

That's like when you are watching something on TV and suddenly all of your like Twitter suggestions, it's like they're listening to you.

Yeah, the government algorithm, which surely can't be a thing.

Did you get vaccinated?

Yeah.

Okay, yeah, they're listening to you.

The radios are in my blood.

Oh, no.

Well, look, we have to get to our next guest.

He's a writer and you're very excited because you're a writer.

So oh, he's been on the show before I'm remembering.

He's written.

Let's see.

He wrote this thing called Phantom of the Opera.

This is the worst introduction you have ever given me.

And that is saying something.

I'm sorry.

I just now that you're speaking to me, I'm remembering your voice.

Trick.

What are you doing?

I'm sorry.

You're a great writer.

Is that better?

Oh, thank you.

Do you think so?

Am I really that good?

Why are we as hosts forced to give compliments during introductions?

Can't I just be factual?

Do you know why?

And it's a bit of showbiz if I may pass this on to you.

It's to make people interested in the person you're talking to.

I've never had that skill on this whole show.

No, I noticed.

Hello.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Ashling, this is maybe you've heard of him.

Is it?

Yeah.

Have you seen him on television or something?

Oh, sorry.

Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

So I'm going to be a host.

Oh, you're starstruck by him?

Yeah.

I am immortal.

My dear girl.

I put on my medals and my ermine caper just like anyone else would.

Wow.

It's truly an honor.

I because I really.

He must be like a big deal where you're from or something.

Because here we only know him as a podcast guest on this show.

What are you?

What are you doing?

I mean, what else have you done that's really done well out here?

That cats movie, but I don't think you've been off that.

That was not.

He who must not be named.

That was not my fault.

Is that the Voldemort of your entire oof?

Yes.

It was never made to be captured on film.

It's unnerving.

Why did you sign the rights away?

Well, money.

Oh.

Do they?

I am a castle or two upkeeper.

Yeah, but they pay you in pounds.

They pay me in gold.

What?

I am paid in a chest.

It's like a it's like the pirates chest.

You see the fish tank where it's overflowing with gold.

Do they have one of those scuba divers next to it too?

He not who delivers it.

He's got the circular.

He's like the hell with the window in the front.

Yes.

And he's like, well, I'll be a range of people.

He has the bubbles of flowing up.

They should bring those back.

You know how they keep bringing back old cars and put new insights?

Have they been canceled?

Well, Lord Andrew.

Hold on a second.

I'd like to speak to the young lady.

Oh my god.

Did I detect it sounds like an accent.

Yes, your honor, yes.

And are you from Ireland?

I am.

I am your honor, yes.

How do I put this in a cadet?

Which one?

Oh, the free one.

The Southern Republic.

I might get in trouble for actually saying that.

I see.

The Republic of Ireland, the South.

Well, as long as you're close to the Queen geographically, that's all I care about.

OK.

You've been near her at points in your life, I would imagine.

Let's go around the table and say, what's the closest you've been to the Queen?

Oh, I love this game.

I'll go first.

She stored right in front of me and put a sword on my shoulder.

Yeah, I don't think that we're going to have similar stories to that.

Yeah, she put a metaphorical, I suppose.

Well, historically, her family would have put a metaphorical story in my culture's back.

Oh, here we go.

I'm just bringing up relevant news.

The world's titles is fine, isn't it?

On the Walking Dead.

And never mind.

Never mind.

You watch the Walking Dead?

Close.

Have I watched the Walking Dead?

I would love to see you on that as an actor.

Doing what?

Playing a zombie.

You wish to see me playing a zombie.

Maybe you'd get there, but I would love to see you for several years on that show just playing yourself like you.

With me and Rick and Carl.

See you too.

I'm aware of every property that could potentially be turned into a musical.

I'd love, maybe if you were in it, sir, on her weather, that you could have a band of zombies that you treat like cats and train them like the cats to sing.

Well, that's certainly what I would do.

I eat.

You creep out from behind corners.

Exactly out there.

Attention everyone.

Now it's time I put, I prepared a little show of you.

Because they've never established if the zombies can or cannot sing on that show.

Like that has never come up on any plot point.

No, one ever asks them.

That's what they do.

It's not a very singy show, is it?

But it could be if anyone were to ever just be like, I wonder if these zombies can sing and then suddenly they go, I was waiting for you to ask.

They'd be like, are you blind when you're bummed?

Can you sing?

And I...

Wait, what song is that?

That's from cats.

Oh.

I'm thrilled.

You didn't know that.

Oh, you wrote it.

I didn't, I, I need an Irish whisperer sometimes.

Oh, I got it.

Well, here's an old man for you to interpret what he said.

You're not an elderly whisperer, are you?

Yeah, I am.

All right.

Tell Scott Rick what I'm saying.

Okay.

Oh, oh, oh.

He would like to tell you that you shouldn't host anymore.

It's time to go with that.

He's picking up the...

That's exactly it.

Yeah.

That sounds like something that he would say.

Remarkable.

It's something I didn't say.

He and I have this contentious relationship on this show.

Do you know why?

I have never been able to discern why you...

Because you're a very rude young man.

There's someone else who says you're a very rude young man on this show.

Almost like their catchphrase.

You're a very rude young man.

Yes.

Well, you're not, you're not very respectful.

I beg your pardon.

And the way you introduce me and the way you speak should be on a microphone.

It's been a while since you've done anything of notes.

Oh, now call.

Well, we just talked about Savage Garden early on and how their legacy lasts forever.

True.

That's the same with Sir Honor Lord Weber.

Thank you, darling.

I mean, you have that one song about like cats memorizing things.

What was it?

It was like...

This is your being deliberately obtuse.

Not deliberately.

This is...

It's deliberate and I know it's deliberate.

I know you're a little theatre boy and I know you know all the songs.

Do you know all the little theatre boys out there?

I see all the little theatre boys.

Are you like Santa Claus?

Little theatre boys.

I watch over the little theatre boys through the eyes of various actors.

Well, it's good to have you Lord.

Oh, it's good to be a sarcasm.

What are you doing here?

I would like to promote something.

Really?

This is and this is not even my own project.

Oh, how generous of you to promote someone else's.

One must give back.

Okay.

Do you give money to charity and stuff like that?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Yes.

I would like to promote this program that I've recently seen and I think people need to see it.

I found...

Do you know this thing called Netflix?

Are you familiar?

I mean, I don't know whether they call it that in other countries.

Yeah, they call it not flux.

Not flux, really.

Yeah.

See the weird differences.

Well, it's the accent.

Yes, Netflix, it's this...

Now, here's why it's called a Netflix is because it's on the internet and Flix means movies sometimes.

Oh, my God.

Yes.

Oh, I know.

And so they have heard.

And so you go rather than going to a theatre to see a motion picture, you would go to your computer.

And see one there.

But why did they call it that before you could watch things on your computer?

Yeah, what are you saying?

Well, it used to be they would mail it to you.

Why didn't they call it mail Flix?

How would they know to mail it to you?

You would ask them for it?

How would you do that?

Write them a letter.

Yeah, you would.

Sometimes a classified ad in the paper.

A principle of what is this?

Looking for.

You.

Tell the movie.

Me.

Person wants to watch you.

Well, that's why they own all that.

The point is you must see this show.

And it's American shows.

Who should be proud?

Oh, great.

Okay.

I'm already proud.

It's called F circle, R circle, I circle, E circle, M circle, D circle, S. Take me through that one more time.

F circle, R circle, I circle, E circle, and circle, D circle, S.

Okay.

Yes.

I think I know what you're talking about.

And I don't know that it's pronounced that way.

This is one of the greatest programs since M asterisk.

A asterisk.

S asterisk.

H.

H to make you feel it.

Thank you so much.

Laurie Weber.

Do you want to take this, Ashley?

It just, I'm not sure if I've gotten a rice because I'm not great at spelling.

But is it about how like no one told me things were going to be this way?

Have you seen this program?

Well, maybe your life's a joke, your broke and your life's pure.

Sorry, D period.

Oh period.

It's like you're always stuck in second gear.

Oh, man.

When it hasn't been your day or week, your month or even your year.

I'll be there for you.

Oh, this is, oh, I'm so glad someone else has seen this.

Oh, it's not even Philadelphia.

What's that?

What's up, the show?

I don't know what that is.

No.

Is it an aphorism?

An Irish aphorism.

I just thought that was what I thought.

Oh, well, you know, it's always sunny in Philadelphia.

That's what they talk like.

No, this is a show.

It's about six young people.

And they are friends with each other.

They visit with each other in their little homes all the time.

They're always getting a description script.

One of them has the Rachel haircut.

Yes, Rachel does.

Yes.

What do you see, Liz?

Yes, yes.

I know.

I have seen it.

It's actually an older show.

It started in the 1990s.

That explains a great deal about the way everyone is dressed.

Yeah, with the big floppy hair and the giant.

It's floppy hair.

Giant sweaters and gigantic suits when they dress up.

Right.

A lot of boot cut.

Well, I know.

Okay, so it's been around.

It's what you'll see.

It's been around.

Definitely.

Yes.

But here's one other thing that's kind of germane to the discussion of it is.

These are also a jimagisty to the discussion.

Yes, of course.

Whatever happened to you.

Jimagisty Jackson?

Yeah.

See, it's still around?

Imagine.

He still has.

Imagine you do.

I imagine.

It's actually not called F circle, R circle, I circle, E circle, E circle, E circle, E circle, S.

Well, then what?

It's cool.

So, let me take the circles out and just call it friends.

I do know that show, actually.

Right.

Yes.

I mean, I assumed there were friends and that the title was trying to say this in a round about way.

Yes.

It's a sort of, if you know, you know, sort of, inside a way.

Like, yes, I've cracked the code, but as everyone.

Yes.

The friendship circle is extended to the six of them, certainly.

I assumed the circles in the word friends came from the friendship circle.

Because there are six circles and there are six friends.

There are seven letters in friends, but there are six circles and there are six friends.

And they have their names start with, let's see, R.

The sixth letter.

R.

And who else do we have?

R-R-M.

C-H-M.

C-B-J.

R-R-M.

C-P-J.

R-R-M.

C-P-J.

R-R-M.

C-P-J.

R-M.

C-P-J.

R-R-M.

C-P-J.

R-R-M.

C-P-J.

This is a clue, isn't it?

Purge.

The purge.

We should all do the purge.

Purge.

Oh, I do love the purge.

Do you have Purge Day where you're from?

Well, of course we do.

Well, not that everyone knows, but yes.

It's a certain class is entitled to purge.

How many commoners are you allowed to kill on Purge Day?

How dare you?

It's the one thing we don't do.

Now we are allowed.

But we don't do it.

You're a friend from New Year.

He's even here than done.

Yes.

And he's singing the classic Happy Purge Day to you.

Oh, you're happy Purge Day to you.

Did you know those elderly crones who wrote that?

Mildred and Patty Hill?

Yes.

Did you know them personally?

Soty-ism.

All they care about is money.

Money, money, money.

What do you mean money?

What is money but a bunch of castles?

Who cares?

Have you ever traded a castle for something else?

Yes.

Great.

So you love friends.

I do.

And which one is your favorite?

And by you describing it, you're probably going to say the title of it.

I don't know if you have ever seen the titles of these things.

Which is my favorite friend or which is my favorite episode?

Which is your favorite episode?

Yes.

So the one with the ugly naked guy.

Why do you like that one?

Well, it's rightfully calling out someone in their own home for being ugly and naked.

Do you have drapes in your castle?

Of course I have drapes.

Draper is yes from floor to ceiling.

Really?

Yeah, where the windows are quite high.

So why would I have the drink that goes up to the hallway, to the window?

Like a pencil skirt.

A pencil drink no.

I'm just saying no one in your next door castle would be able to peer into your castle and see you being ugly.

Well no, because I own the castle next floor.

You do really?

Side by side castles?

I'm so embarrassed.

I have castles on either side.

Whoa.

And I live in the middle one.

But what about on the either side of that one?

The one on the right and the other side of the one on the left?

It's just cliffs.

Richard, I'm on a pro.

If you like.

Cliff Richard, I remember Cliff Richard.

I remember him.

He was a friend of yours at some point.

I knew Cliff, yes.

Who have been some of the, have you ever been starstruck, Andrew Lloyd Webber?

Have I ever been?

By anyone.

No one's ever asked me this.

Thank you so much.

You don't need insult me by saying no one's ever asked you this.

I mean, you've been on the show for 12 years.

I'll come up with new questions at some point.

Do you know, I didn't even think of you when I said no one's ever asked me that.

But thank you for calling attention to it.

You're a terrible host.

But I know this is, but this is a great question for all the fish butchers out there here.

I have, I haven't been starstruck.

I mean, I'm very, I'm very starstruck by talent, you see.

I love when someone's talent.

They could be hideous, but I am.

I'm starstruck by talent.

I'm a starstruck by talent.

Pure star quality.

Yeah.

Why is there a bright man?

Is there a bright man?

Oh, I love her.

She was so talented.

She's still...

She still is so talented.

And I was making track of her accident.

And she's not married to me anymore.

No, she is not.

But we were married and we loved each other.

It was a torrid, torrid romance.

Yes.

She was in Phantom of the Opera.

Yes, she was.

She played...

Christine.

Christine, I'm on board.

The piano.

He played Christine, I'm on board.

In Phantom of the Opera, the Phantom of the Opera is...

Now that is a direct lyric.

Do you know what I'm saying?

It's not obtuse.

Here I am, the Phantom of the Opera.

None of this this way up type symbolism in it.

You know what I mean?

It's just like...

But then it is because where is a Phantom of the Opera?

He's up.

Inside my mind.

He's down.

Then he gets inside your bed.

So he's down.

Then he's in someone's mind, which is about head level.

Yes.

And then he goes up to the chandelier and cuts it down so he's up.

I mean, it's implied that he cuts the chandelier down.

He doesn't have henchmen, does he?

Like in Batman?

Here's what.

Now this...

Would you like to hear a fun secret about the Phantom of the Opera?

Yes.

Oh my God, showbiz celebrity gossip.

How lucky are we?

What I always meant to imply is that that chandelier was going to be...

Oh, so he just locked out?

It was very old, the Opera House.

And yes, it was on its...

Like down to a thread.

So but maybe he blew on it or something, like especially hard.

Nope.

Just a coincidence.

Just really.

Well, you're allowed one of those in each script.

Thank you.

And then you have to work it in from there for Anst.

Yes.

This is the holy law of the Delta.

Oh wait, did it just fall down by itself?

The first time you were doing the show?

Like on opening night?

You just kept it in?

No, that was planned.

God, there's so many showbiz.

Oh my God, incredible.

Now Ashland Ali, why do I actually bring you to the United States of America?

Well, hopefully to meet big celebrities like yourself.

Wait, I never said what?

Me, I mean Star Wars.

I never know.

Heaven's Scoot.

Sorry, big celebrities.

Oh, okay.

Like yourself, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

But just to promote my television show, this way up, which I'd love you to watch.

There's some miners singing in it every night.

I've seen this show advertised on some boxes.

Yes, yes.

Yes.

That's where I spent the budget.

This is very exciting.

Wait, were you moving someone out of the castle for pizza and beer?

Like one of your...

I don't know what those things are.

You don't know what pizza and beer are.

Pizza.

The Italians came up with it.

I don't think so.

It's sort of like a cheese board on the bread already there.

So if someone made the platter out of something edible and put a nice cheese board plus the meats all together on one thing.

And then a colder warm.

A warm warm.

Definitely warm.

Yeah, if you do it right.

So that's not something that you used to like a cheese board.

At like 800 degrees for like, you know, eight minutes.

Well, that's two or two.

Oh, for eight minutes.

I thought it served 800 degrees and I was going to say that too.

But this sounds ducid clever.

You should have something.

Is this what Patrick Stewart was talking about that time?

Yes.

He told me he'd just tried it.

So it's new.

Oh, new to him.

Certainly.

You did the world's age.

Yeah.

As old or older than friends.

Probably older.

I think I think Roman times.

Oh, that was good.

I was going to say the 80s, but you're saying the 80s Roman times.

88 minus 80s BC.

Yeah.

I think I saw one on an early episode of The Simpsons before Friends came out.

So I definitely think it predated.

Thank God you're here, Scott, for history reasons.

Yeah, definitely.

Part like said one was cool or something like that.

I don't know.

Oh, and then the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Yeah.

They loved it.

Yeah, although they may have just loved manhole covers.

We've never quite figured that out.

We haven't done this in a word you've said.

Do you know the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles?

You should look up with that.

Do I know who?

Okay.

There.

Here's a bunch of descriptors up them.

They're teenaged.

Yes.

Okay.

So they're already I'm off bull.

They're between 13 and 19 years of age.

No, thank you.

Okay.

They're mutants.

Doesn't sound good.

Their bodies have mutated.

From what?

In a certain way.

I'll tell it.

Well, from some, ooh, it was my dear boy.

And then...

Luckily it's all PG, they're mutations.

Of course, yes.

That's already a nice photo.

They still have really tiny dicks.

They, I got you.

Why did you...

They're also just a clarify for the listeners in case you didn't know what you were talking about.

Tiny dicks.

They're also ninjas.

Do you know what ninjas are?

I know.

They're ninjas are.

How do you know what ninjas...

From the m start of your new musical.

It's not about like all dislikes.

Oh my God.

What?

How did they get them all together?

Was it like an email or...?

Yes, she sends an email.

Wow.

And you know what?

The queen does not BCC.

And it's fine because everybody likes each other.

Everybody makes jokes about not BCCing.

And it goes on whatever.

Anyway, we have fun.

Yeah.

Anyway.

Where did he end up or where did he manage him to?

The last I heard he ended up in some sort of cave.

The break cave.

Yeah, that's where we record our show today.

That's where some of the teenies we've ninja turtle sort of live.

Yeah, I mean, well, they're in the sewer.

They're not at the toilet cave.

Oh my God, Ashlyn.

It's toilet cave.

Is that what you're saying?

It's where all this is.

What is the sewer but a cave for the toilet?

It's a toilet cave.

It is like a toilet highway.

Yeah.

In a way, a sewer.

When the sewer goes back to ancient Rome, is it as old as pizza?

Well, actually, you'll like this because their names are from not ancient Rome perhaps, but Renaissance era names.

So they're called.

The turtles.

Yeah, they're called Ross.

Rachel.

Joey.

Scottrick.

This is Phinebe.

These are the friends you're listing.

Oh, so, so, so, no.

Who are these?

They're called Michelangelo.

Michelangelo is the one.

Michelangelo.

I should have probably done it in order.

So wait, Donatello does machines.

Do you know what?

Yes.

Donatello is a party guy.

He's a party guy?

That's not right.

And Donatello does.

Raphael is cool.

He's rude.

He's, he's, he's unfortunately rude.

Michelangelo is a party.

Oh wait, he should be called.

He should be called Scottrick then.

If he's rude.

Oh my God, that was such a word.

I've got you.

Roast.

Get some.

I love beer.

What have you?

That actually hurt my feelings, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Oh, Scottrick, I'm so sorry.

I just meant to gently tease you.

No, but that one, that one cut me to the quiz.

Which wasn't, it was just a jolly jape.

I know, but sometimes I feel like you don't really enjoy being on this show.

Sometimes I feel like I'm not.

You don't enjoy being on the show.

Right now, chili peppers.

Have you ever adapted their works?

What's that?

It's a lot like the scene he's muting in Ninja Turtles in a way.

Now we're talking about food.

We're talking about men as well.

So Leonardo Michelangelo, Raphael.

Donatello.

And these are the names of the scenes.

Some turtles who have been mutated whilst in their teens and then studied to become Ninjas.

They have not aged out of it like Minuto as well.

They're still in their...

That's good to know.

They're an sort of problematic older turtles who have some views from the 80s and early 90s.

Roblinatic older turtles.

Well, I'm very intrigued by this.

Yes, Leonardo's in a half-house.

I thought you would be.

That's why I brought it up is because I think you would be perfect for adapting their escapades and exploits onto...

I'm going to study up on these.

And the next time I'm here, which you will never know when they will be.

I mean, I saw you on my book and show you.

I will have.

And I think you preserve some of the mystery for the fish butchers out there.

Is that what they call plumbers out there?

Yes.

In a fish butcher.

It's a cockney-riving clair.

That's what I call my gynecologist.

Oh, that sounds good.

Butcher.

And my last boyfriend.

Here it comes, a fish butcher.

The next time I'm here, I will have some teenage mutant...

Nurgil t-shirt.

Nurgil.

No, no.

You were already sort of like wrapping and slicing it up just like they did.

You speak a kafab.

I have a project that I abandoned years ago but something I heard recently, this project, this property has been revived.

Really?

It is a musical version of this...

I don't know if you know this film.

I saw it a few years ago and then I heard the cool...

Cool running?

No, not cool running.

I haven't seen that yet.

Someone might mention cool running.

I'm going to be right.

Hey.

No, this is a...

It's a family film that I understand there's a new version of that's coming out soon.

It's called...

Oh my god.

Is this a good a B?

Here's the concept.

I don't know if this is the name.

The concept is there's a child he's alone at home.

Oh my god.

Fuck a B.

I'm going to be talking about your movie.

Don't please...

I'm going to change the thing.

Scott, what is she saying?

I don't understand the Irish accent.

Sorry, so we were talking...

Sorry, we were just whispering about how excited we are to hear about whatever it is you're talking about.

Oh, thank you.

Yes, it's a...

So the concept is a child alone at home.

His parents have forgotten him.

And I think they have too many children, Catholic, probably, no offense.

And they forget one of them, then he must defend his home against some bandits.

This is the 13th warrior.

Oh, he was captured.

So they find...

Who's Antonio Béner?

Yes.

What happens in it?

He's captured.

He by captors.

I think he is left home alone.

Yeah, he's like in a castle.

Certainly, yeah.

Yeah, you can't really speak the same language as the...

Are you thinking of ballistic colon X versus ever?

Maybe it is.

So the child he's at home, I just have a few songs.

One is when they realize that the child is not with them.

They're on the plane.

And the mother sings.

Where's Kevin?

He's not on the plane.

Where is he?

He's missing.

Have I gone insane?

Wow.

What a couplet.

Thank you.

A radical.

Amazing.

How long did it take you to come up with just that couplet?

Oh, well, I do my work and my dreams.

And so that took me, I would say, one REM cycle.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

Brother, my eye is probably shifted to the left.

And then that popped out.

And then in the right, this one popped out.

This is when the little boy, he's being attacked by these bandits, these witt bandits.

And they're called it because their appetite is witt for banditry.

Oh, I see.

Well, they also slip in the snow a lot.

Anyway, go ahead.

I would make them the slippery bandits then.

Yeah, that's true.

Yes.

Okay.

Well, the snow bandits.

I think his very Czech side of it badger is got to be a bit of it.

Yeah, okay.

I'm sorry.

But imagine darling, so close to being a loyal servant of the crown.

Separated by an ocean.

So Kevin is his name.

And he is setting up all these booby traps around the home.

And the bandits are coming in.

And he realizes what he must do.

And he wraps.

Oh, good.

Finally.

I'm home alone and must defend.

My castle to the variant.

I'll do my family proud by Jove and save my parent treasure trove.

No time for reps must set my traps.

And thus I'll get these bandits wet.

Wow.

Oh my God.

Obviously there's a dance.

Oh, okay.

Are they dabbing it all ever or everyone is dabbing all throughout the entire song?

And then they do a breaking dance.

And then, but of course there's a song from the point of view of the bandits.

Yeah, that's good.

And this one I believe is sung by Marv.

And this is a this is a show stopping ballot.

There won't be a dry house when Marv sings his a single spotlight is sure Sean upon him and Marvin sings.

I've been struck in the face by a paint can.

I'm waking up cold to be sure.

Is my vocation a scourge on the nation?

What am I banditting for?

Oh my God.

I am legitimately crying right now.

Just don't try.

I in this house.

I mean, I can see his point in view.

In this house?

Eyes are wet.

We cry at things.

That was strange.

Wow.

Thank you, my dear.

That's so cute.

You know, I I I I.

I want to tell you that that Ashley in here, she is.

Should I tell him?

Watch this out.

I'm so.

She's in the sequel to the movie you're talking about home alone.

She's in the new one that's out on Disney Plus right now.

And I do an English accent in it so you can understand what I'm saying.

May I may I just be to be.

Yeah, let's.

My son is home alone and I need to get back.

Oh my word.

Yes.

It sounded exactly the same to me.

You decipherable.

I almost stood up and and started to sing God's hear the Queen.

My favorite song, which you've never asked me to sing.

You've never asked me what my favorite song is.

Oh, I asked I asked over here earlier what her favorite song is.

I should have asked you.

I know I should have asked you.

Scott, you're so bad at this.

Mine is Jerry Jeremy Piven.

Does he sing?

Jerry?

He does.

Jerry me.

No, actually.

What?

So what did you say was your favorite song?

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

The Irish Rover.

The Rocky Road to Dublin.

You're going into a K-trans.

Oh my God.

He's looking through his internal Spotify.

I was going into my Spotify palace.

Well, Andrew, if I may call you.

I'm sorry.

I just slipped out.

Did you get so casual, Scott?

I beg your pardon.

Lord Weber.

May I call you that?

Yes.

Thank you.

Lord Weber, may you stick around?

We have another guest coming up.

May I stick around?

But will you?

Okay, great.

We're going to be talking in, Ashley's talked to one before and she said it was fun.

We're going to be talking to a creative director of an ad agency when we come back.

I've heard of them.

Never met one.

Has anything ever- Many, many layers between me and they.

I can only imagine being as rich as you are that you have like- You can only imagine it.

You pay for some sort of like external ad blocker where you never see any ad anywhere.

Who took these?

Like, you know in that black mirror where you're like, you know, you're like, you're like, you can like turn off and block people and they just are fuzzy.

That mirror.

What are you talking about?

You know what black mirror is it is?

It's like friends.

It's like the one.

Yeah, go on.

Everything goes wrong.

Do you?

Can I propose, by the way, I have an idea for a super.

This is going to be an amazing franchise.

Oh, great.

This hasn't been done.

Maybe the ad exec will like be able to market it for you.

Shall I wait?

Yes, wait.

I'll wait.

This is a great political teaser.

Yes.

All right.

How could you?

How could you eat your pudding if you have a deed you need?

Look, when we come back, this is very exciting.

Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber is going to please us after this tease with this incredible idea for a franchise.

You will be most gratified.

I hope he's not just going to pitch McDonald's because that has actually been invented.

I know.

What does it have?

You mustn't say the name aloud.

I bet it's bad.

Thank you, Martin.

But we'll be talking to a creative director at an ad agency when we come back.

This is incredible.

We'll be right back.

You are more excited to say creative director of an ad agency.

You've been on the show so many times.

I'm just in your two.

But I mean, I've never spoken.

Why?

I will keep delaying the break.

All right.

We're going to be right back with more Ashley.

Where Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber will be right back with more comedy.

Comedy, baby.

We're back.

Ashley and Bey is here this way up on Hulu right now as well as Home Sweet Home.

Oh, getting fluid on Disney Plus.

Do they go plus something different in England?

What do you mean?

Like Disney additional?

I don't know.

I mean, you know, or do they put the OU in it or, you know, whatever you guys do?

Yes.

PLOS.

Plus.

Oh, we also have Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber who just spoke.

Hello.

And you'll continue to speak.

Hello, America.

Your sweet little colonnares.

And this only is local.

Is that correct?

Do you look at America as like the one that got away?

Always.

A lot like Sarah Brytman.

If, well, she didn't completely get away.

What happened between you two?

Oh, you dropped a chandelier on her.

Time for my life.

Bye.

A lot like Home Sweet Home Alone.

Yes, very much so.

They ripped you off.

No.

Is there a chandelier that folds on someone?

Are you going to watch it?

Of course I am.

But then there is.

Yes, the yes there is.

They ripped your silliest off for this movie.

It is a bit like Phantom of the Opera, the whole setup as well.

The whole setup?

The whole thing.

Some of it takes place in the sewers?

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

The sewers in my mind.

In the sewers of my mind.

Wait a minute.

Phantom of the Opera takes place in the sewers.

The Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles takes place in the sewers.

These guys should meet.

You only like toilet things.

Yes, toilet things.

I'll be waiting to the sewers.

Yeah, what is this?

A crop of episode?

Maybe.

I like it.

In fact, I think I like it.

I like it.

In fact, I think I like it.

We have to get to our next guest.

But you have an idea on tap.

You're going to pitch it to the.

I like body on tap that shampoo that had there in it.

And people are told on the advert, please don't drink the shampoo.

So now you know what beer is.

You caught me out.

You've drank one, haven't you?

I've seen it.

On your 13th birthday.

I've seen it.

Oh my 13th.

13th, I said.

What did you say?

13th, have you ever heard?

That's what I said.

What did you think I said?

Sorry, yes.

No, I said 13th.

This is where accents come into play.

Exactly.

We're going to need your help.

You're going to need your help, Ashley.

I should like to have the translator.

All right.

Well, hopefully our next guest doesn't have a bizarre way of speaking.

As sometimes is the case on this show.

Sometimes.

I'll be here with strange accents all the time.

Hopefully our next guest does not have one, but this is so exciting.

She is the creative director at an ad agency.

We never get this opportunity to talk to anyone like this.

So this is very exciting.

Please welcome for the first time on the show and hopefully not the last.

Brenda Tattletail.

Hi.

Hi Scott.

Hi.

Talk right into that.

Okay.

I don't want to catch you with me.

Yes.

Brenda Tattletail.

Is it traditional wear?

Yes.

Tattle, plus tail.

No, I do.

I was wondering if your husband's name was Tail.

Well, no, actually I am a funny story.

I'll be the judge of that.

Well, my husband's last name is Jones and I actually gave myself the last name Tattletail because what I do is all about branding as you know.

And I'm always telling everybody secrets about the products we are working for.

I'm tattling.

What?

I'm just going to do my brand.

Okay.

Let me see if I can just run that past as one more time.

Maybe say it a different way to just so we can.

I understood.

Okay.

I'm the whisper I could understand.

We're all familiar with the with the Tattletail.

Cheeky little secrets about the brands you promote.

Yes.

I'm like nobody nobody tell on me if make okay pretend I'm McDonald's McDonald's is like we pretend.

The Scottish place.

Please.

Wait, pretend you're a restaurant?

Correct.

I'm not a fun game.

And as McDonald's I'm I am saying don't be a Tattletail.

You don't even have this in your mindset, do you?

I do.

Okay.

Everything is in my mind.

I'm understanding Brenda.

I don't know what your guys are.

I beg your pardon.

So a public restaurant is saying I'm a Tattletail.

No, it's no.

It's not a Tattletail.

Don't be a Tattletail.

Don't tell on me that I have terrific hamburgers, milkshakes.

What is the motivation then?

Well, if you have something good you want to keep it a secret.

And my job is to have a secret.

I have never heard someone on this show from the first sentence who made less sense.

What are you?

What?

No, what is your best quality, Scott?

My body.

I'd like to hear.

Because I thought advertising was was Tattletelling on secrets.

I'm the Tattletail.

Oh, yes.

Now I get it.

Tattletelling, or is it just spreading the word of something good?

Well, it's Tattletelling.

That's why I said it.

I'm not a liar.

She's tackling the tales.

The tales of the products.

Homo, homo.

She's tackling them.

But if I may, I believe that the concept of the Tattletail is they are saying something that you don't want them to say.

Let me ask you something.

Did I not disrupt your idea of both what a name is and what the purpose of advertising is?

She did.

That's not true.

The source is eruptive.

Oh, I'm so, you know, disruptive idea is an idea that makes you think about something differently.

It makes you look twice and say I'm paying attention.

Yeah.

So like a car, for example, we're familiar with a car.

Well, I know that is.

Yeah, yeah.

The automobile.

Henry Ford's invention.

Yes.

Exactly.

Beautiful bit of fact there.

We understand.

Yes.

And so a car, we're normally driving on the road, stopping at a stop sign.

Yes.

And so if I want to disrupt the idea of a car, if I'm trying to sell you a car, make you look twice at a car, I beg the question, what if we put this car in the forest?

Driving around some trees.

Maybe a road through the forest.

I'm not, I'm not insane.

Oh, okay.

So you'll pave like a road or at least like clear some brush.

Yes.

So if you look at those gigantic trees that you can drive a car through.

Yes.

And I see all I want to go.

Are you an advertisement?

Those trees that were.

No.

That's that.

Very disruptive, very disruptive.

You, well, let me just so I'm clear on this concept.

Yes.

Why do we want to disrupt the idea of a car?

Well, because everybody's seen a car and if I want someone to purchase a car, I want them to, to think twice, say, oh, a car can drive in a neighborhood, but it can also drive in a forest.

Brandon, what are some of the products that you've worked on?

Oh, this is exciting.

Oh, I'm so thrilled that you asked.

You know, we are a world class advertising agency.

We work with another of brands.

We were the agency of choice for Kia from 2006 to mid 2007.

Kia and Peele, is that what you're saying?

I'm not Kia.

It's a car.

Oh, Kia.

Is it that?

No, that is.

Kia, Kia, Kia, Kia, Kia.

Kia, Sanford and some based on Step 2 and some.

It's because you put your Kia into it.

Oh.

That actually, that now that I hear the Kia.

There's an action coming out of your position.

Kia into the car.

Yeah, that would be a disruptive idea.

Or if you don't like your enemy, Kia, Kia, Kia.

See, again, everybody here is, you could work in advertising.

You absolutely could work in advertising.

But you do.

Yes.

So you work on Kia.

I'm still not quite knowing what's going on.

And then they went in a different direction.

Oh.

Since then, we did a campaign for Coca-Cola in Canada.

Briefly, we do Smith.

Oh, the seeds.

Yes, Coca-Cola.

Can't get it.

I can't.

I love the provinces.

Uh-huh.

They call it Coca-Cola.

They're Coca-Cola and Canada.

I don't know.

I only, we did print campaigns.

Oh, you never asked me.

You did print campaigns?

Print campaigns.

Oh, print.

That's what I heard too.

Are we familiar?

A magazine?

Of course, I'm playing media with magazines.

You've read a magazine.

I've seen a magazine.

It's shiny.

It's a rectangle.

Yes.

It's a rectangle.

Often a picture on the front.

Sometimes a lady, sometimes a room, depending on what the...

Those are the two things on the cover of magazines.

A lady.

I'm so glad.

For most recent work, I don't know if you've seen any of the...

We did all of the social for Snipsnips.

It's a barbershop in...

Snipsnips?

Yeah.

You knew right.

It's a barbershop.

Yes.

You did Snipsnips?

We did the social for Snipsnipsnips.

And it's a barbershop.

Yes.

It's a barbershop.

That's why I wasn't clear on it.

Yes, well...

But you did the social for it.

We did the social for it.

I don't know if anybody caught a little Facebook ad for a buy one, get one for haircut.

It's one...

Oh, I think I saw that.

Where are you from?

Do you live near Montclair?

I live in Claremont.

They're right next to each other.

Okay.

Montclair is on the East Coast.

It's Montclair.

It's New Jersey.

This is an barbershop in New Jersey.

Oh, I thought you meant the Montclair out here.

Montclair pens.

Oh, that's also...

Yes, that is also different.

Oh, my God.

So, we're talking about different things right now, and you're talking about something else.

Well...

That's three things.

Exactly.

Yes.

I have to say...

Remember that ad, and it said same head only on it.

Yes.

You can't...

Well, again...

We're not...

I mean, we're not trying to put snips in.

It's out of business.

You can't walk in with your friend.

And it said same head same day only.

Yes.

Oh, same day.

Yes.

It's...

Disruptive.

Yeah.

Because have you ever got a trim and a butt cut on the same day?

Exactly.

Because...

I've never gotten two haircuts on the same day unless there was something wrong with it.

Oh, you have, really?

Yeah, just for fun.

I'm rich.

That for me would be one of those things you don't ever associate as a richness, that you could afford to get two haircuts.

Because I'd be like, oh, but your hair doesn't grow faster because you're richer, but maybe it doesn't.

Well, I couldn't speak to that.

I haven't been awake for a haircut in quite a long time.

Oh, okay.

They cut it in my sleep.

When you're doing your best writing.

Exactly.

I work, they cut.

You're such a time-sitter.

So it doesn't cut into your day, your working day?

Exactly.

Mine.

A question about that.

Yes.

You're asking me a question.

Yes.

Exciting.

Do you begin sleeping, lying down into somebody come and prop you up?

Or on a haircut night, do you go to sleep sitting up?

They won't tell me.

And one time I tried to put a nanny cam in the room so I could see what they do and they found it.

What was it in?

It was the barber walking right.

It was in one of my tournies.

Oh, okay.

It was the barber, my sleep barber walking right up to the camera going, ah, ah, the decambe?

He did it.

He found your camera.

And then he smashed it.

He smashed your whole tournies.

No, he didn't smash the tourni.

Plucked the camera.

Plucked the tournies.

Okay.

So those tournies are sick.

But he could smash a tourni.

I've got tons.

Have you ever thought of turning that into a musical?

A barber shop quartet per house?

Yes.

When did Todelte put you in the advert?

Do you want a job?

See, every month.

You're making, well, I did have to let everybody go after we lost the Kia account.

And now that you're the only employee.

So you're just looking for your, wait, is that what you keep saying that we could work for you because you need people to work for you?

Just to be clear, I haven't said that to everybody.

I've said that to Mr. Lloyd Webber.

I just assumed that it was a blanket opportunity for all of us.

We're all...

I need you to watch the Thee I'm getting for this podcast, though.

That's the only thing.

May I ask, Ms. Todelteo.

Yes.

So you've lost two large accounts.

So far.

Well, two that I've mentioned.

But it's a business...

Go to Port of Canada and Kia.

And Kia.

But there are others you have not mentioned.

Well, advertising is a vicious business.

You're always getting business, losing business, pitching for business.

It's a business about pitching.

You are always...

You said it three times, exactly.

Yes, exactly.

So we've lost several accounts, but you always kind of make up the work later.

You get a snip snip.

So you get a...

What are the accounts that you have?

Do you still have snips?

We do still have snips.

Okay.

At the moment.

Any other accounts that you currently have?

Oh, yes.

Of course.

Name one other.

We have snips snips.

You name...

Yes, we are.

Snips snips.

It's correct.

We've talked about snips snips extensively at this point.

We have talked snips.

Why is it a bit about snips snips?

It's going to be another snips snips, though.

Yes, we do.

We've got a link.

We do remember snips snips.

She did mention that there was only one snips snips.

Oh, there's only one snips snips.

In Montclair.

Yes, it's not a non-cranchard.

It's not a non-cranchard.

And not the Montclair here either.

It's a Montclair all the way over there.

It's a New Jersey.

I call it the second jersey.

Mm-hmm.

Pottery Barn.

Not the furniture store.

Oh, okay.

It's fun.

You can do a birthday party.

As in you paint pictures of pottery or you paint pictures on pottery.

Oh, you paint pictures on pottery.

And it's in a party.

Yes, it's on a store front, lovely store front, a table in the back for if you want to do a party there.

Put a cake.

This is the second time you'll imagine this.

Is this an actual thing that someone would do?

I have a birthday party at a pottery painting.

At a pottery painting place?

Can I ask where was your last birthday?

Pottery Barn.

Oh.

It was, let me tell you, it was terrific.

It was me and my friend Claire.

And a couple other people.

From Montclair?

Claire from Montclair.

Are you just- Was your friend Monty there as well?

Are you just usual suspecting us right now?

Why are you looking around the room?

No, I don't know because Montclair isn't written anywhere.

So I wouldn't, I would have to be looking inside my own brain if I was usual suspect.

In your Montclair palace?

Yes, yes, I would have to be in my Montclair palace, which would be a lovely three bedroom, where my family used to live and right now it's just me.

Your family, your family's gone too?

I'm sorry to interrupt you, but- No, but that's an awful thing, sir.

I would have scirted over it, but that's- We don't pay for over things on this show.

No, that's your death, right?

Sorry to say dead, but this is- This is the American way I want to get right in there.

Your family will come with- Well, let's talk about my birthday party.

Oh no, Brenda, please tell us about your family, that's so sad.

Tell us about your family, that's so sad.

Oh no, it doesn't mind things being sad or- Yeah, we talked about your bummer of a show, you know, your stuff- Exactly depression and all that kind of stuff.

Being a woman, bleh, sounds down.

You know?

Well, while working in advertising, you have to spend a lot of time at the office and I was- Oh, what are your- what are your hours?

My hours are 3 a.m. to- It starts at 3.

3.

Why wake up at 3?

I wake up at 3. I'm in the office- Because of depression?

No, because I have to be working.

I have my best ideas when it's dark, but when it's dark in the morning, but I can't work when I sleep, unlike you.

Oh, okay.

So you're 3 a.m. to wed?

3 a.m. to 9 p.m.

And- Oh, okay.

It's a long day.

It's brutal, because as the creative director- It's so brutal, but I have to always be thinking of disruptive ideas.

Sure.

A-B-T-O-D-I.

Always be thinking of disruptive ideas.

I am telling- Always be thinking of disruptive ideas.

Always be thinking of disruptive ideas.

You don't think you don't like it?

I love it.

Oh, you know?

I love it.

Why were you shaking your head and- I was- And do it- Dekembing us- I'm gonna put it on the whiteboard.

I need to put it on the whiteboard, and I just- I want- I'm gonna up your offer.

Not- You don't even have to start a junior copywriter.

Whoa.

You're gonna be a regular copywriter.

This is big.

There's an opening.

I'm just- We do have an opening.

I feel like I'm the prince and the pauper at the same time.

That's good.

That's really- And you're just constantly swapping places with each other.

Well, I don't- If I'm- If I'm them at the same time, I don't need to be swapping places.

But it's almost like you're like going back and forth like a- like when you're closing your eyes on a- in a view master.

Have you ever seen a view master?

What's a view master?

You know what a view master is?

Oh, you should make a musical out of these.

Russell Crow was in it.

I don't know what that is.

View master and commander.

Yes, right?

Yes, that was it.

He said that.

Mm-hmm.

So you have these two accounts.

Your family's left you.

Mm-hmm.

All of your employees have been fired.

It also sounds- I don't know if we've talked about this.

It sounds like you sleep in the office.

Well, I- I currently, um, when your office is your home.

I'm saying that.

And your home is your mind.

And your family is your mind.

It's your friend.

Yes, yes.

And your son and a daughter.

They currently do live in Portland.

But, um, it's- Oh, there's a long way from Montclair.

It certainly is.

But, uh, but that is another disruption.

That- It sounds like your life has been so incredibly disruptive.

You're not sleeping.

You're sleeping in the office.

You honor your husband and child.

You- You wake up at 3 a.m.

Yes.

You work till 9 p.m.

I work till 9 p.m.

I do take a lunch.

I eat a yogurt at 3 p.m.

You're also very ugly.

I didn't want to say that before, but you're- But I don't know if that's because of your depression and because your husband has left you.

That is so- That is so- Where are you ugly before?

No, we're ugly.

She's in advertising.

She's not in front of the camera.

She can be ugly.

If not rude, I'm ugly.

I love being ugly.

It's my favorite quality about myself.

I have been ugly since I was a little girl.

Oh, that's really- Yeah, well, and I don't know if this is- If this sounds familiar, but up up up up, I'm loving it.

That's my thought of that, but I was used to say it about being ugly.

And what was going to say, Brenda, do you know what you're starting to sound like?

And I hate to tie all these links up.

No, no.

Please.

The connections are advertising.

Oh, for the opera.

You was not great looking.

Half of his face was not great.

Half of his face was ugly.

How friendly it's the whole thing.

He is half ugly.

Also, also, he was married to his work.

He was a mean- He had pushed people away.

The bottom half of his body to a scar I had read.

Yes, he won a mask of trousers.

Oh, but well- He could never wear shorts.

Where did he live though?

Where did he live?

The sewers.

He lives in the sewers.

He lives under the opera house.

Under the opera in some catacombs.

Darling, it's better.

Down where it's wetter.

Take it from me.

He lives where those teenage mutant ninja turtles live.

He lives where the sewers tend to flow.

Under the sea.

Well, I have spoken of my house and it actually is underground.

Oh!

A great deal of dampness and sewage.

Okay.

I guess.

Are you- I can't go- I don't like to go- I live in the basement.

I don't like to go upstairs because that's where all the photos of my family are.

Oh.

Are you obsessed with any ladies, young ladies who are above the sewer life that you have?

Oh, well.

Is it much like the Phantom of the Opera was?

Oh, yes.

Would your husband and child be- You're not just asking if you're obsessed with ladies.

No, I- I was.

Yes.

We can have a side conversation.

We can all talk at the same time, can we?

It's a little funny.

Anyway, guys.

Let's talk to you at the same time.

Listen to a podcast.

It's like you're into a party where sometimes you're a side conversation.

You decide which one you want to do, ninjube.

Yeah.

It's disrupted.

If we don't like it- Yes.

Shh.

Stop dying again.

Thank you, Brenda.

Thank you for disrupting this podcast.

I appreciate it.

Thank you, Ms. Catl Well, that was your daughter.

She's 40.

Wow.

Okay.

Yes.

She lives with her father important.

Yeah.

Well, she- How old is he?

He's 75.

Oh, okay.

I made a separate.

I made a little brother.

Yes.

I've always been ugly, but I used to have a very good body.

Oh, okay.

But no longer.

Yes.

No, no longer.

No, as you can see, my body looks like pudding.

Is that when he left?

He's like spilled chilled pudding.

Oh, no.

Filled pudding.

Yes, because it's not hot pudding.

Well, no, if it was hot pudding, I'd be a puddle on the ground.

And as you can see, I'm sitting upright.

I do have bones.

That is one of your best qualities.

You are sitting upright and you have bones.

Yes.

See, okay.

You can work at my agency.

All right.

Very good.

Well, nothing is that impressive.

Thank you, guys.

You did.

We're all going to be working there.

This is the last episode of the show.

We are running out of time, guys, but we do have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Why isn't there a timekeeper shirt from the Sivivi website?

What?

Oh, that was very short.

That was timekeeper shirt by Prince Moonbeam.

What does he say?

Why isn't there a timekeeper shirt on the Sivivi website?

See, it's like, yeah, there should be, shouldn't there?

He's asking for merch.

You know what happens with that song?

It's not that it's short.

Songs can be short.

Sure.

It's that it ends on an intake of breath and leaves us with it.

Exactly.

Like how friends ended.

Yeah.

You might think, yeah.

Yes.

It's that fit.

Do you know what I often thought?

This is my version of disruption, Brenda.

Please.

Is that when you're talking or singing the song from friends and you go, so no one told you life was going to be this way.

Yeah.

See, it's not awful.

Yeah.

Or even not even too even like, so no one told you life was going to be this way.

Oh, I don't like it.

What about the, what if M band, what are you saying it?

It's chilling.

M people?

M people.

Yeah.

Who are these M people?

So no one told you life was going to be this way.

Your life's too.

I wonder if I could do these people.

You try.

No one told you life was going to be this way.

Let me try.

So no one told you life was going to be this way.

Ooh, let me try.

Oh, it's a super one haircut.

It snips me.

Let's go.

We are in plug.

I can't.

It's okay.

All right.

What are we plugging?

Ashling Wooder.

Obviously this way up is on Hulu.

Mm hmm.

The way.

No.

What?

Well, while.

Home.

Home sweet home.

Home sweet home loan.

Yes.

Alabama.

That is out on Disney Plus.

Mm hmm.

And then, I mean, that's already a lot of people's time.

No, please.

Look, plugs are for everyone.

And there are unlimited plugs when we're within the plug section.

So please plug anything.

Why?

Not just for butts for Christmas too.

Yeah, exactly.

Plugs.

Mm hmm.

That's me pitching for brand is advertising urgency.

Okay.

Well, I'm telling you you're all hired.

Okay.

You're all hired.

What have I done?

God, I didn't know what I've done.

So you didn't even have anything.

You wanted more plugs even though you didn't have anything.

No, you didn't have anything.

I was at two for one sort of thing.

Oh, yeah.

Well, if it's two for one at the start, then I've got an extra.

You want to slip something in?

Yeah, but do you have anything coming up?

You can go on my Instagram.

Okay.

Isn't that Instagram?

That's fun.

So Instagram, Lord Webber is like a platform.

Instagram, Lloyd Webber.

I like this.

I know it Instagram.

I have a Finster.

Oh, you have a Finster?

Yeah.

You have fun in stuff for your real life.

Indeed.

Are you out there looking at Instagram forts?

I try not to.

Well, I mean, once you click on one, suddenly the algorithm sends you the most.

Exactly.

But someone purrs a thirst trap.

What is one to do?

Other than salivation.

Exactly.

And Pavlov's thirst trap.

Lord Webber, what would you like to plug here?

Well, I'd like to plug this.

Do you know, this is a new thing I've discovered.

Oh.

Is that you can watch videos of things online?

No, stop it.

Yes.

Videos online, you say?

Like commercials?

Yes.

No, what?

Like commercials.

No commercials, although they all online as well.

That's disruptive.

This is...

They've already done it.

Why are you looking at it?

I'm looking at it.

This is a site called Vimeo.

Vimeo, like video.

It's like video, but with an Emma.

Holy shit.

Yes.

And there's this chap called Paul F. Tombicans.

No.

What does this guy...

What he's been doing is he's been posting these shows that he's done live and for a fee, you can stream them in your video and home.

Okay.

Yay.

For like gold the way you're paid?

I can't pay with gold, but I have a workaround.

But...

How did you know?

Because I think that's how they turn it into gold and he put it into the computer and then...

And then they turn it into money.

Exactly.

Still skin.

Yes, exactly.

And also, if you can guess his name, you can watch these videos for free.

His secret name.

Oh, Paul of Tombicans secret name.

His big name is Paul F. Tombkins.

His real name is...

Paul of Tombkins.

Oh, I've got it.

Sorry.

I've heard about this guy.

We talked about him last week.

His name is Paul of Tombkins now.

Isn't that right?

Tombkins time.

Was he bequeathed and...

He was bequeathed and oh from weirdo Al Yankovic.

Yeah, he dropped the O in weirdo.

He's just weirdo.

He's just weirdo now.

Yeah, he returned to weirdo.

So, but Paul has Dr. Dement's original O from Dr. Demento that went to weirdo Al and now to Paul of Tombkins.

Right.

Don't put the O in the link though.

It won't work.

Oh, okay.

Yes, but vimeo.com slash Paul F. Tombkins.

Put the O in that though.

Put the O in Tombkins.

Take it out of F.

But leave it in the slogan.

But yes, and so you could see the shows that he's done.

They stay up there for about a month and then the new ones are...

Push the old ones out.

They push the old ones out much like our friends, the Inuits, push out the elders on an ice floe.

Oh my god.

Okay, yeah.

Isn't that real?

It's such a way with word.

He really does.

Yeah.

But an even better way with music.

Listen to the music of my plugs, which is that you should go to vimeo.com slash Paul of Tombkins.

vimeo.com slash Paul F. Tombkins.

A lot of great shows up there.

A lot.

And more to come as far as I'm concerned.

Empty.

Exactly.

All right.

Brenda, what do you want to?

Brenda Tattleton.

Well, you know, I was off track mentioning why her name was what it was mentioned.

And it didn't factor that much into actual...

Did you expect that it appears to be all about her name?

I know I was very confused by it.

Well, you know, maybe I should take this opportunity to just once again clarify that my name is Brenda Tattletail because I believe that a brand's biggest secret is the good qualities of that brand.

I'll use a different example, Jiffy Lube.

Okay.

Great company.

My secret is you can drive to me.

I'll change your oil in five minutes or less.

That's a secret.

What?

Brenda, you just opened everybody.

It's a my naughty little secret.

I can top up that because if everybody knows it will go out of business because if everybody knows it will go out of business.

Wait, I totally said it.

It says to me now.

I know I get it now.

Wait, how do you get it?

Now I get it and you don't.

Oh, that is bad news.

I understand your I understand your thing.

Okay.

Anyway, go ahead.

What do you want to plug?

That was it.

Yes.

So weird.

I know I'm plugging my name so everybody understand.

Okay.

It's important.

All right.

Well, I want to plug.

Well, hey guys, this is the last episode that is eligible for the best of.

I see.

That's right.

Voting is now open for the best ofs.

It's from Thanksgiving of the previous year to Thanksgiving of this year's.

This is the last episode eligible.

What you need to do is go head over to CBBWorld.com.

The poll is up there now.

CBBWorld.com has the poll.

Vote for your 10 favorite episodes of the year and the best of will be out at the end of the year that comedian you mentioned, Paul of Tomkins.

He's he does the best ofs with me.

Tasi, I may listen to the show.

For this episode as well as nine other episodes.

And remember, your votes are what make it work.

We entrust you to really be honest with your episodes.

Don't stand jias with these episodes.

It's sacred to do to you.

Truly, truly is.

We need you to take that and be very, very serious with it.

But have a good time as well.

Take it seriously, but voting can be fun.

Do have a laugh.

Yes.

I remember when I voted for Boris Johnson, I was like, this is a laugh.

I went home and I told the staff what I'd done.

How did they laugh?

Of course.

I enjoyed when something is supposed to be funny.

Oh, it's with your money.

So they know.

Yes.

So they know to laugh.

So head over there to CBWorld.com.

And while you're over there, while you're down there, check out all of our shows or while you're at Brain height, like the three fan over the opera levels.

Brain.

It's great when everything ties up cleanly.

While you're there, check out some of our shows this week on Scott hasn't seen.

We watched Adam's family values with Lauren Lapkis.

That was a lot of fun.

And we have some other stuff coming up.

And Freedom.

Freedom season four is started.

And you can hear that here on Ear Wolf anywhere podcasts are as well as you can listen to it ad free on Citra Premium and CBBWorld.com.

You like freedom.

I love freedom.

Freedom.

I won't let you down.

That's a good George Michael.

I won't let you down.

No, that's a bad George Michael.

But a great Andrew Lloyd Webber.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Yes.

That's a good one.

That was grind F. Tompkins by harmless villain.

Thank you so much to harmless villains.

Send on your plug.

Themes.

All right.

Well, guys, thank you so much for being here.

Lord Webber.

Love you, buddy.

Come on.

Let's hug it out.

All right.

Post pandemic hug.

You're squeezing tonight.

There we go.

You don't even get prints.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Okay.

Bye guys.

Thank you so much for being on the show.

Oh man.

Whoo.

Time to stretch out and relax and do my post show stretches.

And here we go.

What the?

Oh, Scott.

It's me.

It's Rudy.

I made it.

I made it right.

Rudy North.

That's right, Scott.

I'm here and I've got a new tease.

Oh no.

What's going on?

Why are you here?

Scott, I need you for something.

Really?

I need you for the Speed Force Thanksgiving Special on CBBWorld.com.

Okay.

Whatever you need.

We're going into the Speed Force right now?

That's right, Scott.

I know I'm not supposed to be using my powers because of in the canon.

I am kind of really remembering.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But I must use them for Speed Force Thanksgiving.

Scott, are you ready?

Whatever you need, buddy.

Let's do it.

To be continued this Wednesday on the Rudy North Speed Force Thanksgiving.

Giving special exclusively at CBBWorld.com.

Thank you.
