♪♪♪ If I'm here and you're there who's staining all my underwear, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

No! Thank you, Nells for Smells.

Nells for Smells with that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Uh, very exciting show today.

My name is Scott Ockerman and I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

I have been the host. I perhaps will be the host again.

Unless this is my final appearance for whatever reason.

Um, I'm not hyping that.

I'm not teasing a big announcement at the end of the show.

That is purely just who knows what can happen in this life or any other life.

Uh, but we have a very exciting show today.

Now usually we have stars of the stage and screen on this show.

Uh, the stage, of course, the stages of Broadway.

Uh, the screens?

The screens of the cinema?

The screens of Netflix?

The screens?

Sometimes they're, uh, little tiny ones that are in your pocket.

But today we have some guests who have been on this show for approximately, I want to say eight of our 12 years, something in there, somewhere in there.

They've been great friends to the show.

They've made approximately five appearances on the show or so.

Maybe six, somewhere on there.

And, uh, I, I, uh, I, uh, I reached out to them quite frankly in October.

I forgot it was their busy taffy season.

Uh, and they, and they slammed the phone down and said, uh, do not call us again until November comes.

Uh, gone till November, I believe, is what, uh, I think they said something like that.

Uh, January, February, March, April, May.

They started running down all of the, the months they would be available.

Um, but I hopped on it the minute they were available.

They are the owners and they also happen to be proprietors.

And they, that always, it doesn't go hand in hand all the time.

Sometimes you can own something and you're just like hands off.

Uh, but these guys also run the place of the Calvin's twins, B-Honey Horse fight fields.

Is that what it is?

Calvin's twins, B-Honey Horse fight fields?

Uh, they are, of course, you know them as the Calvin's twins, nay triplets.

They are beaver hope, or sorry, beaver hope, a Hux Chico hands, Bismissane Hancock, the Calvin's twins, triplets.

Welcome guys.

Beaver in the building.

Hey, he certainly is.

Chico here.

Bismissane representing.

Oh, Scotland.

Scotland's so good to see in the flesh.

Oh, thank you.

Yeah.

Have you seen me otherwise?

Uh, uh, uh, oh, uh, uh, uh, I'm, uh, uh, uh, as, as you knew, you, you know, you got, you got snipped, you got a bit.

You got flipped, you got chipped, you got snappy, blacked.

Uh, because you got during a very busy time, and you learned the same lesson that our dear friend, where I left, John, learned, near 25 years ago.

He's a dear friend, really.

Yeah, friend.

He's one of the largest purchasers of horse, uh, bee, bee-honey taffy and horse caucus.

Really?

Is that where he was funneling all that money that he ripped off from the United States?

Leerani.

He kept us afloat for a bit there.

Yeah.

You got a real taffy tooth.

Sounds like what a good boat does.

Keep your float.

Yep.

I caught it.

Thank you, Jacob.

I still don't get it.

You sound different.

I do.

I feel like you have.

I've, I've been recovering.

I've been sick for about...

Oh, no.

What's been going on?

Busy, you say Hancock, of course, the, the most recent addition to the Calvin's triplets.

Right.

Well, uh, late, uh, in the middle of October, I actually came down with horse covert.

Horse covert.

Oh, no.

Oh, okay.

What's the difference between that and regular COVID?

Well, the simple difference is this one affects mostly horses, but, uh, hanging out with horses as much as we do, you might imagine, uh, you hang out with, uh, horses long enough, you'd take on some traits of the horses.

Some characteristics of the horses.

Like, like what?

I mean, I noticed, uh, for one that you came in here on all four hands.

Right.

Or for, you know, two hands and two feet, obviously.

That's right.

All four.

That's an easier way to say that.

I've had several parts of my body replaced with pieces of horse.

Several parts of your body.

So is it always the same piece from a horse?

Like if you did you get your penis replaced with like a horse's tail?

I do have a horse.

No, I would not get a horse's tail put where my penis was, but I did have a horse's anus, uh, replaced my anus when my anus did fall apart.

Oh, no.

Was that part of part and parcel with the horse?

COVID or did it just fall apart on time?

I caught the COVID because of the horse saying.

Scotland.

I don't know if you've heard anybody affected directly by COVID, but imagine, imagine the hacking cough that comes from your standard COVID, a delta variant or two.

Then times that by the power of a horse.

Oh, okay.

Horse power.

Yeah.

Exactly.

The COVID horse power cough, you're going to pro laps.

Hey, yeah.

So it just, it just popped out.

It popped right out about six and a half feet popped right into a little box of sand.

Oh, you why, why did you have a little box of sand?

Oh, that's my snack box.

Oh, okay.

That's where we use.

When you eat the sand or you eat the messy boys, biz biz biz always been a messy boy.

And then we found it just kind of placing him in a soft pile of sand makes clean up that much easier.

He walks up all the grape juice.

Understandable.

You say he's always been a busy boy, even though you just got to know him.

Mess it, mess it boy.

What about five years ago?

When we reconnected, we took them.

We, that was the only year that we actually canceled Taffy season just so we could reconnect.

Oh, really?

Flip it in the photo album.

How did Wyclef take?

Watch an old man.

Oh, you serious.

He was furious.

You don't want to be on the other end of a furious Wyclef.

Oh, and you had to say.

No fighting.

Well, I'm very sorry to hear that, but I'm glad to hear you have a new horse.

Yeah, my horse.

Now I can cough as hard as I need to.

And that ain't, it's not, it's set and it's almost like a, it's a, it's probably the most solid part of my body.

And we should say the reason you might sound a little different is you now have a long horse's neck as well.

I have parts of my neck that have been replaced with the horses, horses face and neck.

Or wait, parts of your neck were replaced with a horse's face.

That's right.

Oh, no.

He got, he got a horse knee for a shoulder now too.

Oh, God.

Doing all kind of Frankenstein stuff in the bar.

Let's just say you don't want to stand too close when he's doing a chicken dance.

Oh, not at all.

That's right.

And that, you know, you know, you getting that horse.

COVID was partly your, your fault because I was trying to put in some protocols.

I understand.

If you, if you are going to get this horse anus put in, that anus is going to have to quarantine 10 days.

We don't know if it's got horse COVID.

Don't put it in yet.

We should have.

And that's, and that's how it came up.

We did not, we should have taken the horse anus off of the horse.

Put it for a drink.

Awesome.

Yeah.

Uh huh.

Wipe it down with some glorox wipes.

Please wipe it down.

Ideally flushable.

Yeah.

You know how big a horse anus is, don't you?

I, you know, I've never gotten in there.

Tell them the old adage.

The horse, the horse ass, horse ass is nothing to the anus.

If the anus ain't half the ass.

Oh, okay.

I have heard that.

Yeah.

Okay.

That makes it.

I thought, I thought that applied to life more than, but it specifically came from horses.

Oh, those applied to life.

If you think about it.

Right.

Well, what happened to the poor horse whose anus is now missing?

Well, he got my, he got my anus.

Oh, no.

Yeah.

So it was a switch.

We wouldn't hurt a horse.

Well, a horse for his anus.

Okay.

It was, it was a parent trap.

It was a transplant.

What am I thinking?

I don't know.

Freaky Friday.

Which low hand?

So it was a freaky Friday of anuses.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Right.

So how's that horse doing?

Is his anus, he does.

No, yeah.

Oh God.

You should have seen it, Scott Lee.

He's barely started expanding the day and a half.

You know, did he ever win a fight?

Yeah, he got, honestly, he got jabbed by the weakest, teeniest little horse I ever did.

See, yeah.

He went down.

Yeah, he got one little jab and just boom exploded.

Oh God.

Scat went everywhere.

Is he good?

The only place that was easy to clean was business little lunch sandbox.

Everything else is dows a scrubbing horse scat because he couldn't push nothing out that time.

He's a snippy smile.

Looked like a horse version of a can of silly string with just feet and feet of escrowment popping all over.

We were all covered.

Imagine, imagine 20,000 people trying to exit the crypto comm center with this only one.

There's one world.

Astro world.

That probably makes more sense.

Even more sense.

Oh no.

Well, I did want to bring this up guys because you got horse COVID and I'm wondering what your treatment was because the reason I wanted to have you on this show is I fear that in recent times things have been a little off for the Calvin Swin's bee honey horse fight fields just because of what has been happening in the world of COVID and treatments these days.

You guys know what I'm talking about, right?

I mean, mm hmm.

Oh, Scott, I would say of any thriving industry pre pandemic, the Calvin's triplets horse fighting fields and bee honey at Taffy station was hit the hardest.

You know, I think we've caught it in the past that shipping costs for us are astronomical.

Yeah.

What are you getting shipped again?

The tap we shipped Taffy.

Oh, you shipped Taffy.

We ship T-shirts available on comedy back back.

So you guys are shipping those.

Yeah, yeah.

That's a partnership.

Yeah.

We ship big horse caucuses to walk left.

That's right.

Wait, he wants the horse carcasses.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

He won't pay the freight.

He says, I'll take the carcasses, but I'm not going to pay shipping on these.

Oh, no.

That's tons of horses.

He's a tough negotiator.

He's a business man.

Tuff is a horse.

So you have to ship those to Haiti or where are they going?

All over the place.

Oh, but he's taking them everywhere?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They most travel with him.

So on tour.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You got a couple of bus worths with him at all times.

That seems like.

And you're paying for that.

Yeah, it's out of pie.

Why what?

It's in on them.

What are you going to do?

It's in on a man writes a song about the time you had to cut him off on the phone.

I said, we'll be gone to November.

And if you listen on the album, you hit real fast.

And he goes, this is what a cow grown is.

Every time I turn around.

We just said, Wyclef, could you record our outgoing message on our answering machine?

That's right.

And he said, yeah, let me think about that for a little bit.

Really?

It turned into a number 30 hit?

Probably, please.

22 could have been.

I think it could have been as high as a palindromic 22.

Yeah, I think so.

One of the numbers of palindromic that you can think of.

Oh, off the top of the dome, I'm looking at an 11.

Sure.

Maybe I thought it was a 3.

OK, but there can't be any more than that, right?

I'm going to say 44 can be thrown in there.

OK, but that's about it.

Oh, god.

No, I just thought of one.

55.

OK, but I can draw 55.

Surely there couldn't be any four digit palindromic numbers.

That would be too much.

Oh, let's see.

I don't think.

1, 2, 3.

1, 2, 5.

1, 2, 6.

1, 2, 3.

1, 1, 1.

She gold you goddamn jiggy-ess.

Well, guys, so shipping costs are bad for you right now.

Well, we got hit.

And they are all over the world.

And we could cover that normally with admission tickets to horse giants.

Yeah, you guys are balancing that out with you have a very, very popular tourist attraction.

Where are you located again?

You take the 602 freeway, old pass south, through West Virginia, down, twist around at the two highway.

Oh, OK.

Then we got a new special action trying to get some, make some money back.

You can take the fast lane highway, which is prepaid.

That's right.

OK, fast pass.

Fast lane, 1, 1, 1, 1.

I should have thought of that.

We named all fast.

1, 1, 1, 1, 1.

Oh, there it is.

It's got 1, 1, 1, 1.

It was right there the whole time.

And then you get off at the stadium.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

And there's the stadium where, of course, we talked about this many times on the show you have horse fights or what mainly people go to see, which is how do you describe it?

It's basically fights to the horse death.

It's about a bestiality.

Have you been advertising it like that?

Have you gotten some weird?

Yeah, we get a lot of letters.

Unfortunately, all of us struggle to read, and it's just not worth our time.

So you primarily do that, and shipping costs have been bad, and you've been raking in the, of course, this is horse fighting season.

And so we're, you know, with the government forced social distancing, you ever seen a horse fight where you've got to remain six feet away from each other?

They look crazy.

The horses do?

Everybody.

I would think they have that long reach, though.

I mean, more than six feet, don't they?

I mean.

It looks like they're just brushing each other.

Looks like they're just wiping things off each other's faces from their far away.

That's true.

Okay.

They're taking some mighty whiffs there.

Mighty whiffs are blowing.

Okay.

So, so that's been tough, but I guess what I mean to ask you about is, in the news these days, a lot of people, and I believe a fellow podcaster was amongst them, have been taking a certain cure or remedy, some people call it quackery or snake oil.

We just call it science.

Right.

It's been our livelihood.

You're talking, Scarlett, about avamecting.

Yes, that's how you say it.

Yes, of course.

I've remecting.

Yeah.

A lot of people have been taking that, which is a horse dewormer.

And there have been shortages out there in the world from what I hear, because so many people want to take it in order to cure their COVID.

That's right.

Not helpful.

Not helpful if you've got thousands of horses.

You got a deworm on your ranch downtown Tampa.

And they all have worms.

Your horses.

Is that part of the business?

It's in heaven.

Everyone got worms.

Everybody got worms.

You could pull worms out of you right now if we wanted to.

How would you do it?

Like, now many steps.

I mean, three steps.

Okay.

What are the steps?

Reach and grab and pull.

Okay.

Just reach grab and pull anywhere on my body.

I got the chopsticks in my kit.

We could do it.

So what has been going on at the bee honey, the horse fight fields then?

Are there just worms everywhere now?

Or damn straight.

Oh, yeah.

Worms is made as tremors.

Down the field.

As big as the tremors that the worms and tremors made?

God damn it.

You got that right.

Wow.

Watch it.

The horse out there in the field and all sudden from below.

Rumble, rumble, rumble.

You'll hear the rumble.

You'll see a little dirt path and all of a sudden that horse gets sucked down.

They're gone.

Right on down.

God, how horrible.

I mean, have you incorporated it into the actual fights or anything like that?

We're trying to get them to fight, but they don't pay attention like a horse does.

They don't.

That's the thing about it.

That's the thing about a giant tremor worm.

You know, if it's one in a million horses, that's a fighter.

Yeah, we've tried everything.

It's way more zeros on it for worms.

Yeah.

We've tried the stubborn as a worm.

That's the old say.

Okay.

Right.

I've heard that as well.

We tried to hire the father from Family Ties.

Michael Gross.

Well, you know him just as his name on the show.

Yeah.

Mr. Keating.

Yeah, exactly.

Keating.

Right?

Yeah.

Mr. Keating.

No.

Keating.

No jig.

So you tried to hire him and he turned it down flat or what?

He has not responded.

Oh, okay.

He's great.

Underrated.

Michael Gross.

What a talent.

Yale drama.

I feel as if you're interested in Yale Drama.

Oh, Michael Gross.

Graduated Yale Drama.

Prestigious alumni.

Just a thing I know.

Everybody got all hot for a little mikey J. But mikey J ain't mikey J with a lot of mikey gross.

I feel like his name really, his last name really made people not want to hire him.

Yeah.

You know what?

Well, he changed it from Michael Grody.

Okay.

But then the 80s popularized Grody.

Yeah.

Oh, poor guy.

Yeah.

It seems like a lateral move to me.

Agreed.

I think he was going for just some more formal.

Yeah.

And I mean, that's what that's what business me off is like, Michael, here's your opportunity to live up to your namesake.

Come, come train a bunch of trellis I was right.

Down in South Central Tampa.

Did they start that big or have they just gotten?

I mean, is that what happens if you don't have the Ivermectin?

Well, that's the science behind Ivermectin.

Oh.

Is that it maintains the size, it remains a manageable size of microbiotic worms to not expand over a quick period of time in the Super Trimmer Worms.

Right.

So when they call it a D-wormer, that's actually a misnomer.

It actually is just keeping them to be the same size.

Yeah.

Worms shrinker.

That's shrinker.

So these giant worms are here.

And what happens when you cut a worm in half, doesn't it?

It just makes two worms, right?

I mean, and I'll take credit for that.

I started, I was cutting those worms in half all over the place.

Not helpful.

And I thought, ah, get them all, get them all.

And now there's got to be a choppin.

There's got to be over what?

It just doubles really.

And exactly twice.

No, exponentially.

Because when you cut, you cut.

Yeah, because I'd cut them.

I'd cut them.

Two or two.

They'd grow, I'd cut them again.

There's well over a trillion.

And those are just growing by themselves.

Yeah, well, they're eatin'.

I mean, they eat the taffy.

They eat the- They've been eating the taffy.

Oh, no.

Oh, yeah.

So we had leftover after October.

So how was taffy season with all these worms there?

I did.

Wasn't great.

Nope.

They can't pay for it.

They don't got money.

They got nothin'.

That's my, that's my, maybe my only frustration with worms.

They don't got money.

It's their lack of financial stability.

You would think they would like open a bank or something.

I mean, this stuff seemed very difficult for them to grab.

Listen, if you got a trillion worms, each of them got one dollar, you do the math, Scotland.

It sounds to me like the non-palendromic $1 trillion.

Yeah.

That's right.

Although I guess the palendromic of that would be $1 trillion in $1.

Yeah.

That's it.

So you just chop one more worm.

Okay.

Be careful not to chop it again.

Bismissed up chopping.

Bismissed me got so chopped happy and he was chopped happy for the bit of pot of...

You're chopped happy?

Half a year.

I'm chopped happy.

I did.

I've heard of that happening people.

I lost.

I saw chop for days, for weeks.

I saw chop.

You saw chop?

You say.

I saw chop.

I went chopping the head.

I saw chop everywhere.

I was chopping everything.

You saw chop?

You put anything.

Yeah.

Is that an expression?

Oh, okay.

I did not.

I've never gotten so chopped.

I've never gotten that chop happy when I've just saw chop.

So I've got trickier like family dinners.

We just had to keep...

We had to keep him on the side of the table even then.

Okay.

We'd be like, Chico, duck.

You're a f***ed chop.

I mean, I guess that would be okay if you were having pork chops or you need to carve up something.

Great.

Great to have a turkey day.

I'm going to miss this chop-hop.

Happy ways.

Oh, sure.

Well, I mean, we just had Thanksgiving.

Exactly.

Just on Thursday.

Yeah.

I mean, that must have been a great day for you to be so chop-happy.

It was probably helpful in the kitchen for me to be chop-happy that day.

But I'll tell you, I came out of it and Babra came into my room late and...

You seem haunted, I have to say.

You see, I mean, you're not your...

You're having 60% of your body made out of horses.

It's going to...

It changes who you are as a man.

You're staring off into space.

You have a thousand-mile stare.

I'm thinking about the night I came out of the chop.

Oh, how thankful I am for these two men you see sitting across from you.

They pulled me out and I was chopping and they said, come on, come on, Bizbee.

No, we're done with this.

They threw me around in my box and they mocked up all the juices around me.

And they fed me what I assume was it had to be a bunch of tomatoes.

So, I mean, a couple barrels worth of things.

I found the right moment to feed me the tomatoes.

We thought it was an old chicken pox, you know, cover-cover-you and tomato soup.

And it ain't going to eat it no more.

Oh, I've never heard that.

No, is that like a home remedy for...

Yeah, I think we just made it up.

We just always tried it.

I think our granddaddy probably passed it down to us.

How often are people getting chicken pox around you?

I mean, frequently.

Yeah, frequently.

Not too infrequently.

Pretty frequently.

Yeah.

Okay, that's a different way of saying what he is.

Yeah, yeah.

We all have it right now.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, pretty bad.

Okay, I thought you could only get it once though.

Well, it comes back as shingles.

Then you tell me what this is.

Yeah.

It looks like part of your body has been replaced by chicken parts.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

Well, you have chicken beaks all over your stomach.

That's right.

Yeah, I wouldn't say replaced so much as enhanced.

Oh.

Added on.

Yeah, sort of an elective procedure once a Bizbitt connected with his was transplant doctor.

Who is this doctor?

Her name is Carolyn.

Carolyn Delilah.

That's right.

Carolyn Delilah, she has two first names as first and the last.

Yeah.

Wow.

What was name?

Carolyn Delilah.

Carolyn hyphen Delilah.

Carolyn Delilah.

That was one word.

Carolyn Delilah.

Oh, it's all caught in the middle, but she got much back.

Wow.

Carolyn Delilah.

Dr. Tank.

Dr. Tank Tank.

Tank Tank.

So Carolyn Delilah, Tank Tank.

And let me tell you something.

She was old, but she was pretty.

What?

Well, yeah.

God rest her.

Oh, no.

But I love it.

It can't be too old for me.

I like it.

You guys are not married, although I believe you almost got married to that Russian mail order bride once.

Yeah.

It's right.

Turned out to be a robot, remember?

Oh, really?

Yeah.

And then one of the one of our horses that had magnet hooves smashed her hand.

That's right.

Goodness.

I forgot.

So, but you guys are you for.

I mean, when you see something like that, you got to put it out of your mind.

Otherwise, it's just going to be on the left.

You got to laugh.

Oh, you got to laugh.

But, but what about the competing farm?

The sisters who were who were they?

Oh, right.

Exactly.

Yeah, they're a happy season.

We don't like to mention them until after we take a break.

Is that right?

Yes.

Those were the pre pre agreed upon conditions.

We don't mention that, but I but something I believe you were saying something is going on with them.

Is that right?

Oh, boy.

Are you going to hear about it after subscribing to me on this?

Wait, is it?

Are you just telling me that I have to subscribe to your undies?

Yeah.

What do I get for my subscribers?

Desperate for money, Scott.

Worms ain't got no cash.

These worms are bankrupting you.

All right.

Well, look, we have to take a break.

But when we come back, we're going to remember the names of those triplets who run the competing farm and there's a big, big announcement, I guess.

Boy, this is exciting.

We hardly ever get to catch up with them.

We have the Calvin's twins.

We have Bever Ho Pox, Chico Hands, Busby, St. Hancock.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We are back.

We have the and this is so such an honor to have you guys here, especially right after Thanksgiving when you saw Chop.

And don't remind me.

And what were you chopping?

Was it the turkey?

Was it mostly worms?

I mean, that's what it was.

Do you guys eat worms for Thanksgiving?

No, no.

We didn't do all the cooking.

Because he was out.

Chop, happy.

Just because it's chop, don't mean it's up.

Okay, I beg your pardon.

Please don't admonish me like that again.

I beg your forgiveness.

Of course, we have Bever Ho Pox.

We have Chico Hands, Busby, St. Hancock.

And during the break, you were telling me that the, and this lines up that the triplets who own the farm next to you changed their name.

That's right.

The sneakiest, sneakiest salads.

Because you mentioned them on the last episode and we said we were maybe going to talk to them at some point.

I'll say that hopefully not.

But then they got so famous from that one mention that they had to change their whole name.

Well, they reinvented themselves.

Oh, like Madonna?

Like Madonna used to do?

Like Madonna still does.

Oh, okay.

I didn't realize she was still reinventing herself.

Sure.

Oh, God.

You were talking about the same Madonna, right?

But who did you say Madonna?

Madonna.

No, I don't believe we're talking about the same.

Who's Madonna to you?

She's a singer, I think.

Pop singer.

She's a centerfold in old pretties.

Oh, God.

If you haven't seen her magazine, she could die at any moment.

You can tell looking at her.

She could just die.

It's July what?

Because they list them by their date of their birth.

1855.

It's July 1855.

So she was born in July of 1855.

Oh, God.

It was nice to see what's under that.

Pinch.

She's been getting prettier ever since.

Yeah.

Soft and softer.

Those are those.

You like them, so.

We all like them.

So often cold.

What do you want to like?

Smooth and tight?

And things.

Mm.

Nope.

Soft and cold.

More and more brittle.

Loose, loose, loose, loose, loose.

I want to be able to pull the skin all the way around the body to the other side.

You can't.

All right.

Like a nice, warm piece of taffy.

Oh.

Oh, is that how you got into this?

Just so much time of your day staring at taffy being pulled.

I've never thought about it like that, but I could have something to do with it because a piece of taffy, if it's real cold, you can pull it and it's pretty, it's almost skin-like.

So maybe I do have some.

Maybe I am.

You're back to that thousand yard stare again.

You're just thinking about 1855.

Oh boy.

Here he goes.

How long ago that was?

I mean, it's 166 years.

The oldest of the world right around the corner.

That's right.

I mean, coming up on it.

Like, I haven't even occurred yet.

Real.

That's older than the grandpa from Texas Chainsaw Massacre.

That's true.

Wow.

You know what they say?

They say eating human flesh.

You know what they say about an old woman?

I know what some people say occasionally, but what a woman.

Cut them off or you're going to get an earful.

They say the older the woman, the longer it takes for her to get down the stairs.

The longer it takes to get down the stairs, the more everybody just doesn't care.

But you go down south.

So this is a poem.

Yeah, it rhymes.

It always rhymes perfectly.

And how many more stanzas are there?

Hundreds.

Okay.

We only have time for about ten.

You'll have to call it off when you're ready.

Just poke them in the horse neck when you want them to stop.

Take them outside.

You take them indoors.

Whether it's sunny outside or whether it pours the skin on their body.

A fresh cider hot toddy.

That's two.

Don't be nice to me, old woman.

Let's make it real naughty.

Up to the attic.

It's time to head.

Oh, maybe to the river will go instead.

Fish for some clams and grab a couple of trout.

Hey, oh gosh, just looked at my watch.

It's about three o'clock in the afternoon.

That's it.

A fork and a knife.

Time for a picnic.

I don't need no strife.

The sun's headed up.

Then the moon's headed down.

Your mama just showed up.

Oh, daddy's got a frown.

That's eight.

Two more.

I guess it's time to say hello and meet the people who made you with sex.

Hey, we can play some poker.

Anybody got a card deck?

Take our desk.

One more.

And that's all we have done.

And now it's time to get going with this old saying slash poem.

As they say in southern Massachusetts, they do in Rome.

And that's what they say about old women.

Wow.

Incredible.

And that's just getting started.

That last stand is like, and so it's time to get going.

That's right.

That's just the interesting cold intro to my poem.

That's a chapter.

It was a long through three fellowship.

That's true.

I called us saying.

You called whatever one.

Yeah.

So that's the cold open.

Much akin to like a show like Saturday Night Live that has a cold open.

That's right.

It's exactly like, yeah.

Does live from New York ever come up in any of the?

Well, that's the next line.

Yep.

Yup.

I'm with Taffy Pork.

Oh, okay.

I'm time to hear it though.

Or we don't.

I'm sorry.

I have to curb it.

Oh, well, okay.

I'm so sorry.

But so now the decker triplets who they've changed their names.

They've changed their name to the Baxter Triplets.

Oh, man.

They rebrand their pig wrestling, caramel fomps.

Oh, that's what they would have pig fights there?

No, it's pig wrestling and caramel country mark.

The Baxter, formerly known as.

But they just put the FKA.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Like twigs.

Exactly.

Exactly like twigs.

I think they've stole it from twigs.

Oh, okay.

So Baxter FKA.

FKA decker triplets.

Right.

Pig wrestling and Carmel's country mar.

He was.

Is that last word?

They mo how do you smell that?

No, not say.

Oh, sure.

Hey, hey, okay.

Okay.

Enough of the A's just got to whatever's next.

He got 10 stands.

We don't have time.

Marty.

Oh, Mart.

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

It's like you're French.

You dig up the team.

Oh, you're hanging there.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

You were laughing at something that just bores my chops.

I beg your pardon.

The Baxter FKA decker pig wrestling and Carmel country mark.

And they're the place next door to you.

They're off the 602.

I would imagine.

They're the Danny Houston to our Kevin Costner.

Oh, I don't know what that means.

Someone's not a Yellowstone fan.

Unfortunately, I'm not over 80.

Oh, God, I just got so lucky.

Don't say over 80.

Oh, my gosh.

So that's been next door and just recap a little bit of what's I mean, we, we, I guess we briefly mentioned them.

And of course, we remember that their, their name was Decker and, and we briefly mentioned them on the last episode that you guys did there.

Your nemesis.

Yeah.

They're the horrors of the devil.

Oh.

So the devil, so they're not like the spawn of the devil or anything.

They're just horrors.

The devil is even worse.

The worst in the spawn.

The horrors of the devil, what they've done to us in our business.

Okay.

What do they do?

I mean, how long have you known them?

They just, they encroached on our territory.

As you can imagine, there's a finite number of people who are enthusiasts of animal grappling style sports.

Sure.

Yeah.

What is that?

Central Florida area.

Because you guys are open every day.

And we're spread thin enough with our two locations, one Florida one in California.

That was the Florida one doing by the way.

It's, it's not great.

It's not great.

Yeah.

Why did you open it again?

I guess.

Well, when we merged.

Well, that's right.

Here's one of his business.

Yeah.

We merged him.

Just outside of Tampa.

Would it make more sense just to shut his down and then have you go over to this one?

Yeah.

You tried negotiating with him.

Wait, exactly.

And the plan was originally to just slowly plot after plot by the land between the two and half of the world's only and longest horse fighting bee honey and taffy fighting fawn, fighting fields.

So just three thousand miles wide is the grand loo is a best boded tamper pretty much.

Very thin, very thin.

It's thin to thin, but it adds up in the still impressive square footage wise.

But what these witches have gone and done, Scotland, they came to us and they said, Oh, we think we think you should franchise.

And we said, what's that?

And they said, we will pay you to use your name to open it.

We said, no woman's going to tell us our business.

And they were not happy about that.

They didn't like hearing that within months, Scotland.

Since we last talked within months, they bought a thin ring of land completely around both of our horse.

It's literally, it's five feet wide.

It's five feet wide.

Like the shape of a horse ain't as right around.

And Joly's done us out almost the size of a horse ain't as.

Yeah.

Wow.

So you'll never be able to break through that.

No, no, Scott.

Oh, no, never say never.

Never say never.

Never say no.

No, no.

Well, we're, you know, that's tough times though.

We've asked if we could, if we could buy the airspace over there like we know, we'll be honest, big bridge over is a bridge or dig under.

Can we borrow?

Right.

Ladies, listen, we came with all giant hats in hand.

You're a giant checkbook.

And even bigger.

Even bigger checkbook.

Because you guys are.

That's just that's the other part of your business that we haven't gotten into is you make those big giant novelty times.

Every, every donation, every, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, published is clear in the house.

Lottery.

Sweet.

All.

Okay.

All.

John, check, Prit and Factory has supplied those since the history of our nation.

I mean, and what I read was that you made such a good deal on those of you get 10% of any check they write.

That's correct.

So the publisher's clearing house alone is, is putting your business in the, in the black.

We are quite liquid.

Scott.

Right.

Yeah.

Especially him with his horse anus over here.

I've noticed you've been taking a dump in the corner.

They're like the last.

I have no, well, the problem with getting a horse anus put in is I have no control over it.

Right.

Yeah.

Oh wait, the horse has the control.

Well, they put in a small part of the horse.

The horse.

The train part that decides when it's time to take a dump, they also put her, which I told her not to.

I said, don't do that.

Yes.

She doesn't listen though.

She was mad at us.

Mad as a bobcat.

In any case.

So why were we talking about that?

Well, I think it's the shape of the shape of the master's land.

You know how much it costs though to do?

We have helicopter rides now a constant stream of helicopter rides getting people in through our shows because they won't allow us to even come in.

No, not anymore.

Not anymore.

Well, difficult.

It sounds impossible.

Yes.

Other than the helicopter.

Well, most difficult.

Thank goodness for our check printing business.

That's kept the helicopters going.

And we can get, you know, a small child.

We can fly them in on a drone.

Right.

Pretty, pretty small child.

Big drone small child.

Right.

We can do that.

We'll get a long jumper like an Olympic long jumper can get into the, to the fight.

And it's not in field.

So believe it or not, we were surprised by this.

Our drones have not taken off because most parents don't want their kids coming to our farm by themselves.

By themselves.

Oh, really?

So they were fine coming a company.

As a family.

Yeah.

That's the atmosphere you get at our farm.

But alone, they're getting lost.

They're getting eaten.

Oh, no.

Like they're getting worm eaten?

They'll get eaten by worms.

No.

Not our fault.

So worms eat human beings?

Yeah.

And you know, it's, it's every parent's not male for their child to become worm food.

And I hope is you become worm food after a long long life.

Oh, no.

They want their six year old to immediately be worm food.

No, that's usually that is an insult.

It was threatening someone saying you're going to be worm food.

Yeah.

But it's legitimately happened.

It's just a hazard.

It's a hazard on the property on boat rocks.

We had to put up signs that say that you're going to be worm food six year old.

Stay on the lookout.

Well, this is terrible.

So the Baxter FKA Decker triplets have just taken a sledgehammer to your business.

And unlike, you know, Peter Gabriel taking sledgehammer to the top of the charts.

Right.

This is has just handicapped your business.

It will be our testimony.

It'll be our destructimony.

Exactly.

But I would imagine couldn't you somehow harness the power of the worms and maybe have them storm?

We've been trying.

I mean, that's that was all planned with Michael Gross.

Oh, you understand.

I recall in those tremors movies, he killed worms.

He didn't actually like ever.

Well, that's are you telling me?

So let me get this straight.

If you're a worm and Michael Gross shows up and you know that he's famous for killing you, you're not going to listen to what he says.

Okay, I guess you're maybe that should have been the next tremors movies him training them because they're so afraid of him.

Yeah.

How is that not one of them?

He's like them against the US government.

It's the only conversation we actually had with Michael before he just ghosted us.

Yeah.

There was a screenplay called Tremor Down Now.

Well, was there any part of this?

She's a co writer, a associate producer so unfair the way that women are treating it to show business.

I grew up.

But yeah, Tremor Down Now, where Michael Gross is character from Tremors.

He harnesses the power of worms.

Okay.

It was more like a sports movie like a chariot of fire.

It was chariot of fire set in the world of tremors.

Oh, so wait.

So he then takes those worms and races with them and to the warm Olympics.

The warm Olympics.

They win every category of the Olympics.

Okay.

So they're pole vaulting everything everything.

Everything.

Wow.

Of the warm Olympics.

No, of the human Olympics.

Oh, okay.

They're a version.

The first acts is them going to the world of the moral of it.

Is that you know what?

At the end of the day, humans and worms, we ain't that different.

Other than the money part of it.

Yeah.

And being chopped.

You don't want to chop a human.

Mm hmm.

Sure.

Because the human boy, wouldn't that be great if someone chopped you in half and you just became another person?

The, listen, Scotty, I already got two brothers.

I don't need another Calvin's boy running around the fighting field.

Can you imagine the Calvin's sex couplets?

Sex couplets?

Yeah.

Well, I wonder would that be like?

You, you, you, you, you, you, you, you, you.

Welcome to the Calvin sex.

Toplets.

Be hunting, taffy, horse fighting fields.

I'm Beverholepox.

And I'm Beverholepox.

Calm down now, Bever.

Chico, tell them what they're in for today.

Yeah.

Tell them all the Chico.

Where you stop?

Were you talking to me?

Were you talking to the other Chico when you said to stop?

Are you talking to your, your clone?

I'm talking to the Chico that I'm.

New before the chop.

That sounds like me.

Everybody got a quiet down over there.

You're getting me all riled up.

They let them do what they want.

Come on.

Oh, Bismiss.

Oh, no.

Bismiss.

Fine.

Bismiss.

Oh, they've locked horse necks.

Hey, they've locked horse necks.

Oh, no.

The horse.

Naines is synced up.

Oh, thank God.

He got that last line in right as we were fading out.

The horse.

So the horse ain't as is synced up.

That's my takeaway from this.

There was a suction cut.

Oh, the suction cup.

The power of the anus.

That's right.

They became sort of like a, like a, yeah, I remember that animated Nicktoon cat dog.

I do not.

I sure don't.

Then it's not worth talking about.

Okay.

Well, that would be horrible.

We don't want that at all.

So yeah.

Thank God.

Oh, my gosh.

So, so the, the Baxter FKA Decker triplets.

Is there any chance that we could maybe talk to them about this?

Maybe kind of try to iron out some sort of a thing.

I mean, we're coming up on a break here, but maybe on the, the other side of it, we could reach out to the, the, the Decker triplets possibly.

Yeah.

I mean, we could give them a call.

We could give them a call.

Right.

I guess.

Scott, if you agree to be the mitigator, renovator, terminator, arbitrator, then yes.

Okay.

Good.

I agree.

I agree to be at least two of those.

We can eat, we can eat crow and we will try to reset.

Okay.

All dynamic with these, these, uh, Baxter F.

Whoa, that's a bad word to stop his being.

That's a bad word to start.

No, I mean, I, I don't know whether I can be a terminator.

I mean, you guys are the guys who are liquid, but I will certainly try to do what I can in the arbitration and the mediating.

And we'll be back.

Yeah, we will be back.

Okay.

We'll see you.

We'll be right back with more coffee.

Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang.

We're back.

We have, of course, Beverhoe Pox, the, the, one, the singular Beverhoe Pox.

That was just a, that was a fantasy or a dream sequence that we were all shared together.

We all shared together.

What we all had to join hands in order to do it and, and like pre-cogs.

Yeah.

Exactly.

You like minority reports?

Oh, ahead of its time.

I would love computers to be like that.

We basically have that touch tree in technology now.

I want them at shoulder level.

Here's the thing.

Two little for you.

There was four.

Nowadays they're on the table.

The table are you guys in my poem.

I'm high.

I'm high technology.

That's your role.

But we get it.

I want everything up high.

Like we've put some microwaves up there.

Yeah.

In some in rental properties.

Yeah.

I want computers.

A ski cab and figure it out.

I can't society.

Come on.

Up high technology.

Thank you.

We also have Chico hands here who in that in that fantasy got the last word.

That was a vital information.

So thank you so much in that fantasy of course for good to have you here in Bismissane Hancock.

That's me.

Who has a horse face for a horse neck.

And a horse anus.

For a human anus.

For a human.

They call when two horse anuses get stuck together.

Oh no.

I don't know what they call it.

Trading mud.

Okay.

Trading mud.

Great.

All right.

I'm sort of the guy who gives out little trivia.

Little tidbits.

Mostly most of fecal focused.

100% fecal focus.

Well you got that blog called fecal focus.

You have a web blog.

Yeah.

And a nazi.

What do you sell on your Etsy?

Oh anything that has to do.

I'll sell like some of my crap.

Oh okay.

So fecal focus.

Oh crap.

I think that's how it started.

Is that when we merged our farms we said Bizbir.

You hoarder.

Oh we're a horse fighting promoters.

Not hoarder fighting promoters.

Hey you got to sell some of your crap.

I'd love to see two hoarders fight though.

Oh man.

Hoarder fights.

Because they would have everything at their disposal.

They would have so many weapons.

They wouldn't want to have to give any of it away.

It would just be they'd be Barrick building barricades in front of each other.

Now suddenly it looks like a regional production of Les Mis.

The fans would be yelling.

Hit him with that bookend.

With that cat skeleton.

No.

My great uncle gave it to me and I only met him once.

He's a sentimental.

Well guys before the break we were talking about the Baxter FKA Decker triplets who own the adjoining farm to you.

Of course they own the Baxter FKA.

Surrounding that.

Oh so wait so they surrounded in a circle.

Yes.

Because they used to have just the one next to you.

Very manageable but now they're moving into a hostile takeover territory.

And that is of course the Baxter FKA Dexter pig wrestling and caramel country mart.

And how successful is their business?

They don't have the worms because they don't have the horses I would imagine.

They got all the...

They got the pigs.

Yeah.

They stockpiled.

Wait they have been stockpiled.

No out of a victim.

Yep.

Wait so Joe Rogan has been buying it from them?

He buys it from them.

Yeah.

They are all the sauce.

No way.

Do they have a podcast too?

I bet they do but we don't want to listen to it.

We're so angry with them.

What are they doing?

It's just to put us out of business.

Cuz they don't need this.

What is their beef?

Well we can just talk to them.

I mean when we call them.

But I want to know what their beef is.

No pun intended.

I mean it's not.

They're pork.

Your horses.

So there is no.

There's no beef.

No pun intended.

And actually they're.

No.

We used to get about...

No pun intended.

No.

No accessible pun.

All right.

Six truckloads a day of remactant and they started cutting them off without us knowing.

Oh and the trucks just stopped.

When they did their land grab they were driving up over the 1111 and the government comes in and they have big old fancy suits and they say stop.

This property belongs to the sisters now.

Oh no.

And we're like well just just terrible to hear stop this property belongs to the sisters now.

It sounded so official.

It's almost kind of cold.

Proclamation.

Yeah.

And we said well we need that.

I have a victim and they said we can't drive it to you.

We said toss over.

Sure.

Just toss over to us.

And those little for little.

Sons of God.

Gollis.

Tim Trus is warm.

They were the worms.

They were the first ones.

They were the worms.

And they said we buy them.

Is that a good impression of...

I don't know.

God.

There's this.

If we're going to call them I guess.

Tanya.

Tanya Candy and Quita.

Tanya Candy and Quita Dexter.

Or Decker rather Baxter now.

Baxter F.K.A.

Yeah.

So Tanya Candy and Quita.

So can we call them?

I mean I guess their business is public probably right.

They have a business phone I would imagine.

Yeah.

They got a couple kinds of phones I think.

Come here.

One of their business cards blew onto our property.

And even though I didn't want to give it two seconds of a look, I could, you know, curiosity got the better of me.

And they got...

Sure.

So they got...

They killed...

I wish it killed the worms.

Sure.

I wish.

But they got a work phone.

They got a home phone.

They got a...

Mobile?

A mobile phone.

They got three phones that don't work.

They say it just...

And those are dead phones.

It's three dead phones.

They got a ham radio handle.

Oh, all of them have neck cells.

They got a seepy.

They had a vibraphone and then just a picture of it on the business card.

So the vibraphone, if that were to suddenly chime or something, it's just a braggadocious way I guess.

Oh, okay.

They...

It's them saying I bought a vibrate.

They have a phony phone, which is just a clown phone that doesn't really work, but it makes funny noise.

What about a hamburger phone from the movie Juno?

I don't think they got that.

They have a baloney phone.

Oh, okay.

A phone loan.

They call a phony baloney.

Okay.

So...

We got that number.

Maybe we can try that number.

Call a phony baloney.

Yeah.

Should we call the phony baloney?

I guess.

Why not?

We got to start somewhere.

Bevers handing me the card.

Let's call them up on the phony baloney here and see maybe if Tanya, Candy and Quita, Decker, actually Baxter, FKA, Dexter, Decker.

Okay.

There's a lot of information for me, guys.

I don't know how you...

I mean, it's just your life.

You're the one with the dry race boys, Scott.

It's just your life.

We don't have to keep track.

Let's call them on the phony baloney.

Here we go.

Let's see if they pick up.

Hopefully they do.

It is business hours for us here at the...

Okay, it's ringing and hopefully they pick up the phony baloney line and we'll have a little bit of...

We'll hash this out.

No pun intended.

Sometimes you put pork in hash.

Hello.

This is the Baxter, FKA, Decker, Sisters, Pig Wrestling and Carmelized Country Mart.

This is Quita.

How may I help you?

Oh, hi, Quita.

Scott Ocherman here.

Is this Scott Ocherman?

It is.

Yes.

Wait a minute.

Mr. Shaw.

Who is it?

Mr....

Is it the Scott Ocherman?

What's Scott from the show?

Mr. Shaw.

That means that Scott Ocherman.

I'm starting to feel like this is one of those fake answering machine things where they...

Anyway, leave a message.

Have a nice day.

I knew it.

It shows that.

Was that the phony baloney?

What did you expect, Scott?

I should have known.

The man who got so specific.

Yeah.

In hindsight, phony baloney wasn't the phone to call.

No.

Of course not.

Bad call.

Literally.

On my part.

That's my bad.

I suggested it.

I got honey trap there.

They just expected me to call it.

Oh, you can tell it.

There you go.

Would you ask for it with your backsters sisters?

Yeah.

All right.

So I didn't realize they were French or something.

Is that awesome?

Yes.

Definitely.

He was not there.

I don't know if they're buying you.

I don't even believe it.

I think it's like a tax-shilted thing.

I think that's where they're from.

Some nondescript country.

So they don't have to pay a mayor of contacts.

They are known for their pranks.

It does not surprise me that they have a phony baloney phone.

Yeah.

Maybe I should just try them on their regular business phone.

Yeah.

Okay.

Let me call them up on this.

Here we go.

Calling the Baxter FKA Dexter triplets at their pig wrestling in Caramo country mart, it's ringing.

And we're hopefully they'll pick up and this won't be another.

Hello.

Sorry.

I got the bug in my throat.

This is the BFKD PWCCM.

Oh hi.

Is customer.

Who is it?

I wanted the customer to give you a chat chat.

Queen, Queen, hi.

This is Scott Ockerman of this show.

I don't know the show.

What show?

Queen, what show?

I don't know.

He says he's got something from a show.

Okay.

Forget that.

I'm Scott Ockerman from Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, Scott Comedy Bang Bang.

Hi.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Is it bang?

Yes.

Hello Scott.

Hi.

Hello Scott is Comedy Bang Bang.

Welcome to the BFKADPWCCM.

CCM.

Yes.

How can I help you?

Well, by the way I'm recording a podcast.

Is it all right if I record your voice?

Oh, pre advertising.

Oh yes.

Okay, sure.

And are your sisters there, Tanya and Candy?

Oh yes.

We're both here in the front office.

You're both here.

They're both here.

Oh, they're both here.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, okay.

And both of me now.

And your French?

I am from the brother place.

The other place.

Oh, okay.

Good.

What are you selling him?

Are you going to give me the chat chat?

He said it to the podcast and he said it to the brother.

Just talk about his family.

He talked about the big wrestling and caramelized.

Oh la la.

Is he famous man?

Scott, may I ask you a question?

Please, yes.

Is your famous?

Uh, podcast famous.

Oh, podcast famous.

Yeah.

Have you heard of Conan O'Brien?

Conan O'Brien?

Conan O'Brien.

Is Conan?

Is he like, you're Conan O'Brien?

No, but we're colleagues.

No, he's in Caudium.

Caudium.

He's right?

He's Caudium.

I can't tell you.

I have the machine on it.

He got the other.

He got the honey bologna.

What machine do you have?

Hello.

Hi.

What machine do you have on?

Which one are you, by the way?

The triple blender.

Oh, the triple blender.

Oh, sorry.

Which sister are you?

You can't do it.

I can't.

You're candied.

Oh, candied.

Oh, okay.

I misheard the people who said it were your name.

It's candied.

Who said my name?

Uh, oh, we'll get to that in a second.

But I want to make sure that Tanya is also wanting it.

Is your sister Tanya here?

What?

Tanya, Tanya!

What is he saying?

Pick up the facts on!

Get under the facts, Phil.

Hello.

This is Tanya.

Hi, Tanya.

Hello.

Hi.

So I have all three of you.

Great.

Scott Ockerman.

From Comedy Bang Bang.

Mr. Shaw.

Scott Ockerman.

Yes!

You did not know what I was saying.

I thought you said you did my show.

Oh, that was a common misconception when that show came down.

It's your show.

And I'm like, okay, talk to a crazy person, but please buy some caramel.

Are you crazy?

I'm not crazy.

No, I'm not crazy.

You're like two steps behind it all times.

It seems like you can't do it.

I have the machine on.

Okay, turn off the triple blender, please.

Uh, guys, uh, uh, and what I say, guys, I just mean you, the triplets.

Uh, uh, the women.

The women that I'm talking to.

Gals, of course.

Maybe, please say specifically, gals, because being confused, should you be in the room with anybody else?

I am in the room.

It's so coincidental that you said that.

I am in the room with three gentlemen right now.

Oh, you're excited by that.

If they like caramel or pig wrestling, yes, Lala.

I don't, you know, I don't know if they like either of those things that has never come up in our conversations, but what has come up in our conversations is the fact that they are neighbors to you.

That's right.

I turned off the machine.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you, Candid.

God, Candid really needs to get on the same page with you.

Gals.

Um, but I have, I have three guys with me.

I have, uh, your neighbors, Bever, Chico, and Bisbee.

That's right.

I have the Cowden's triplets here.

Oh, you.

Ah, laaaaay.

Guys, say hello to the gals.

Oh, they all on the phone.

Can they, are we on speaker phone?

Now you have the triple blender on.

Can you please turn it off?

Turn it off.

Oh, I, I miss heard you.

I was like, I missed the show and I was like, I got confused.

You know what I said.

Time to blend the taffy and I turned it on.

Okay.

Sorry about that.

Sky.

No, no, we're still in the middle of the show.

Okay.

We're doing it right now.

Hello.

Yeah.

I'll say hello to anybody who deserves it.

Oh, okay.

Well, if you don't mind, I'll pass on saying, oh, Bisbee.

Oh, that's not the way to start.

Hello, Queen, hello, Tanya.

Hello, Candie.

Hello.

It's good to hear you.

There's a single case there in your little island.

Oh, are you laughing like that?

What?

Sorry.

Not that funny.

Sorry.

I did find that funny in the horse.

That's a horse life right there.

That's a horse life.

That horse life.

He got a horse's Adam's apple put in as well.

The sex is like.

Electively.

Yeah.

So I wanted to get everyone here together because I think there's some bad blood that I've remecked and can't cure.

I've remecked and cured many things.

Listen, is there a worm problem now?

Yes.

Is it our fault?

Absolutely not.

This is for a vision of history.

Respectfully.

Queda, this is Chico here.

I'm the most reasonable one of the triples.

I have found that to be true.

I think if you just go by the timeline where we didn't have a worm problem, then you bought up all the Ivermectin and then all of the horses got gigantic worms and they started popping out of the horses and they grew to the size of tremor worms and they're digging up all of our land.

I think if you just go by the timeline, you would have to agree it's more than coincidental.

Sure, when you put it that way, but I don't see it that way.

Oh, well, okay.

You're the most reasonable one.

Yes.

You know what?

Why don't you step into our horse shoes for a second and just imagine what our situation is like.

God, I don't know what the boys have told you.

Oh.

But we came over looking to engage in a business transaction and we were treated so very really.

Oh, okay.

So you came over to the bee honey fighting fields and what were you trying to, what sort of transaction would you have?

What sort of business proposition did you have for the business?

We said them.

We love horse sign.

So you're an aficionado?

We aficionados?

We aficionados.

Thank you.

We grew up in our village.

Where was that?

In the islands of the North islands.

In the North islands of the North islands.

Sort of the North.

The North, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden, Sweden.

Oh, okay.

And we, as little girls, one time, at our school was career day.

One time.

You've, uh, your, uh, Wyclef once said that in the middle of one time.

One time.

In the middle of, uh, kissing, kissing me.

Kissing me, kissing me softly?

What is it?

Kissing or killing?

One time, two times.

Killing me.

It's killing me.

Oh, that seems gruesome.

Now that you, now that I hear it actually said out loud, killing me softly though.

Soft.

Oh, okay.

Well, if you have an old woman, oh no, Bizby.

Uh, oh, oh, oh.

You hear the word soft?

Yes.

He's a jerk.

Oh, Bizby, you are, oh, he, he is harder than Luke Grimes for Kelsey S. Beals character on Yellowstone.

Oh, God.

Okay, please.

Been watching a lot of Yellowstone.

It seems like.

I love Yellowstone.

How did you, how did you fit it in during all the walking dead?

Oh, I, I, I use, I watch her on Google Glasses.

Oh, okay.

That's why my brothers don't know about it yet, but.

You've been watching it on the Google, Google Glasses.

Google Glasses.

So as we're taking, as we're watching horsebirds or horse fights or the taffy getting made or a horse burial or dealing with the horse burial.

The horse burial.

Mostly the horse horse burials.

I'm just putting it on up in the right, the right hand corner.

I know you were doing so.

Oh, houses back and better than ever.

You used to say that a lot.

I think I willed it into existence.

But also while you were watching, I think you know, they were saying before the show that you would say it every 20 seconds.

You're screaming down.

Listen, I don't need to explain myself to someone who's never seen Yellowstone.

You'll be a favor.

Watch the first three episodes and tell me co-houses.

It's not back and better than ever.

We know, we know.

It's bad, it's better than ever, we know.

Guys, we have the triplets on the phone here.

We should.

Hello.

Yeah.

Right.

Yes.

It was a career day, scudly, and we see a broader.

By the way, my name is Scott Lee.

Maybe a, a bevers told you that it is.

What is your name?

Oh, it's just Scott Augerbud.

Yeah.

From Mr. Scholz.

Yes.

Oh, hello.

Mr. Scholz.

Oh, it's not a minor, minor part of that show.

But.

Mr. Scholz, I love it.

Delicious, just.

Hold up.

I think so.

Okay, great.

I think they're sketch.

I mean, the ventriloquist puppet.

Oh, yeah.

Great one.

Such a good one.

The, the, the, uh, pre-day Colin Joe.

Pre-day Colin Joe.

The whole thing show.

The perfect, the audition is a perfect show.

The audition is a perfect show.

Lot of great sketches.

Story of every story.

I know a story of every story of every.

It's Jay John Stone.

Oh, you like Jay?

Oh, Jay John Stone.

Oh, no.

Do you know what he's up to?

Okay.

Let's get into it afterwards.

Okay.

There was a brochure at a career day.

That's a French word.

Is it not?

A brochure is.

Yeah, it's a pamphlet.

We say that out here.

Pamphlet.

Yeah.

Pamphlet.

That sounds like a French word.

There are a lot of words that sound French.

Country more.

Pamphlet.

Country.

Would you like a pamphlet of the menu in your country more?

Okay.

Sent him a pamphlet.

What's the name of a pamphlet from our country more?

Okay.

But you brought the brochure.

It was a brochure for the Calvin's horse fighting farm.

And all of us were immediately in love.

In love with the idea of horse fighting?

In love with.

Oh, okay.

All of it.

But certainly not in love with the brothers.

We, well, there was so mysterious.

We did not know.

I'm sure their pictures aren't on the actual flutter.

No.

That's not mysterious though.

I think there was like one appearance on the TV show.

And like, not all three of them were there.

So it's hard to know.

Right.

But we use our imagination.

Oh, okay.

We may have developed a tiny crush with the crush.

Okay.

So you made your way all the way from where you're from.

Yes, north, northwest.

And it must have been a long journey or short journey or.

We had to build a boat.

So you guys built a boat and it took how long did the journey take?

Maybe I can figure out where you're from.

Let's see.

Forty days.

Thirty days.

It has September, April, June, November.

I think it was like a few hours.

Oh, okay.

So this is just like by Catalina where you're from.

Again, we're close.

We're close.

Okay.

Catalina.

So you guys came to the Calvin's twins, bee-honey horse-fied fields in order to what?

In order to work there in order to.

We internship.

Where?

We should teach us.

Teach us.

Oh, they have such knowledge.

You guys have such knowledge, I mean, to say.

We do.

Yeah.

Well, it's a family business.

Is there anything you don't know about fighting horses or horses fighting you?

Or horses fighting each other, I guess.

I guess humans never have fought horses, right?

Well, of course they have.

I've fought horses.

I've fought horses constant.

You do?

Well, who do you think trains the horse?

I guess I thought other horses would.

Well, that doesn't make sense.

They can.

They can, but they don't always.

I've gotten my ass handed to me by horses.

That's why you had the horse jaw put in.

Right.

You've had someone else's ass handed to you.

You've had half my face knocked clean off by the hoof.

Right.

Oh, I wondered why you only had half the horse face on your neck.

That's right.

You want to keep as much of the human body as possible.

Right.

So you guys wanted, or you gals rather, you wanted to be trained.

They wanted to come steal our secrets.

That is not true.

No, no, no.

He's not.

We came out.

We are so, so respectful.

We are, and we say, we want to live the ways.

We want to be like you.

I said, no way is some little flim flammie, Jimmy Jamie, Sissimamie.

You also said, Willy Bami, and I didn't know that bit.

Yeah, that's why Willy Bami.

See, how I'm going to teach somebody about horse fight who doesn't even know what Willy Bami is.

It must be difficult.

Yeah, I can see your frustration.

But here you have three fans who don't want to be paid.

They just want to do an internship.

I mean, that's, you know, that sounds like a great opportunity.

And you guys aren't going to be around forever.

You know what I mean?

You're getting me hard again.

Tell that to Miss July, 1555.

Scott, quit bringing it up.

I'm sorry, I'm sorry, but...

Sega, girl.

I can see it in right.

See you see the Bismiss.

I can see you Bismiss.

The hunger of the sister character who likes to, who likes hostile takeover and even more hostile.

Even more hostile, real, real, real stone stuff.

You know what it is, Scott.

You know what it is.

I've got to catch up.

And I catch up, I mean, watch it.

Modern cowboys versus Indians.

This time, they're fighting through real estate law.

Okay.

Still not grabbing me.

Okay, yeah, I'm interested.

No, I'm interested.

So, I mean, you guys aren't going to be around forever.

Is this the Francisco document?

Yes.

Do you know what they said to us?

To our face?

To your face.

They said directly to our face.

You will never know the secrets of horse fighting and you will never be successful in anything similar for all your lives.

No, Bever.

No, he is me.

He said that.

He drew it up.

I tried the document.

We're the most reasonable.

We've always said that.

That's right.

I'm the more rash.

I'm the one who's a lawyer among the three of us.

Really?

That's a real thing that we have established.

This is true.

What kind of law?

Is this more real estate law?

Like Yellowstone?

I wish.

I wish it was entertainment law.

I did for years.

They're going to annex that casino.

You know they are.

That's true.

It's going to happen.

Are you in chunk from Goonies at the same practice?

He's an entertainment law.

I didn't know that.

We used to run into him doing auditions back in the back in the eight.

Oh, that's right.

Because you guys used to stand on each other's shoulders and act.

That's right.

I do it next.

Jay Johnston.

That's right.

I was in.

I was in the head for giant trench coat.

I was the head for the lines up from underneath.

We were in an early episode of Riptide and then the part stopped coming.

Yeah.

And that's when I went to law school.

Right, right, right.

Boy, a Baxter triplets.

That's a lot of backstory for you.

But did you say back story triplets?

You don't have as complicated a backstory.

It's we.

Back story.

Technically we are from Thousand Islands.

Thousand?

Oh, okay.

Over there by Catalina.

Okay.

I thought I could recognize the accent there.

They are both salad dressing.

Yeah.

All those islands over there named after salad dressings.

There's the ranch island.

We have a vacation that Green got this.

Well, look.

So give us a message after the beep.

What?

No!

Oh, come on.

You see?

They got every time.

Oh my god.

It's a fucking belief.

I thought we were having a real conversation and we were making headway.

Damn.

It was just a fake answer.

Climb machine again.

Classic Decker.

Fuck me.

It's Bespie's horse ass.

We are leaving a message.

We may as well say something to them.

What do you guys want to say to the Baxter FKA Dexter triplets here?

Oh, god.

Ladies.

Listen.

It's really listening.

Oh, sorry.

I'm answering.

I'm going to get it.

Oh, we've had our troubles.

We've had our misunderstandings.

And through your prerecorded message, I've learned a thing or two about your, your personal message.

We've had our misunderstandings and through your prerecorded message, I've learned a thing or two about your, your position.

We would love to sit down, have a nice barbecue pork lunch.

We'd like to make peace.

We'd like to break bread and we'd like to, if you're interested, offer you the hand of our brother, Bespie, St. Hancock in marriage.

Nope.

Sorry, sorry.

We would use the hand that was replaced by a hoof.

Oh, yeah.

Of course.

You've had that thing in your pocket the entire time.

Yeah.

I wouldn't, I would not marry them, but they can, I will accept them taking my hand.

Wow.

Okay.

Well, so this is Scott Ochrebin, by the way.

It seemed like you knew I was calling.

There's a lot of Mr. Show specific stuff.

But if you're interested in that, I would love to broker a piece between you.

I would have it at a neutral location, AKA the studios here at earwolf.

We would get you guys together.

It would probably be easier to get you together than having to put that phone call filter on the voices of everyone else.

I mean, for the engineers, it would be great to have you actually in the actual same place.

So if you're willing to do that, then give, give us a call.

I mean, you call us on our one and only lines.

That's right.

One, one, one, one.

So you know how.

One, one, one, one, one, one, one.

Extension.

One.

One, one, one, one, one, one, one.

Give us a ring, ladies.

And remember, you got to laugh.

Okay.

Good stuff.

All right.

Well, I hope that works.

That was well done, bud.

I'll be honest, I didn't think it'd feel good and it felt good.

I really like how even tempered you were that time ever.

Very.

That's the reason why.

I'm not a reason why.

You know what this is?

It feels good sometimes to be good.

Right?

Yeah.

Right.

I mean, yeah.

That's right.

That's true though, right?

Scott?

That's a good saying.

It just feels good to be good.

Yeah.

Because when you're bad, you're bad.

You're good.

Is this another stanza?

It is.

It's hard to take serious without no good of hay in his mouth.

Yeah.

Choose what you choose and do what you do.

Give him four more stanzas.

Okay.

Yeah.

Three stanzas.

But the repercussions of a horrible choice can tick-talk you right in the middle.

I don't think it's tick-tock.

What are you talking about?

I was just talking about the tick-tock boom.

Filing.

How's tick-tock these ticks?

I know.

Filing down, filing up.

Put a glass of smiles in a cup.

In a cup?

That's three.

Oh, it seems like he has an extra four-ton.

Take me home on the phone.

Not in a car and not in the hot zone.

That's four.

He's going for the record.

Let's hit it hard with a Christmas card.

Take me upstairs and push real and get up put on underwears.

Oh, yeah.

Put on underwears.

Slam against my Wai-Ree hairs.

Yeah.

Some of them I can't remember as good as the other ones.

Oh, okay.

But yeah, we definitely get the point.

Well, guys, hopefully you guys- Scott, would you say you're as frustrated with them now as we are?

Are you back on our side?

It's almost as if they've built a giant ring around my show and an incised ring around my entire show and I can't get out of it.

Exactly right.

So incredibly frustrating.

I see you guys' point, although, you know- Wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

I just had an idea.

Okay.

Hang on now.

Yeah.

I had an idea here.

When you asked me if I was ever in real estate law- Right.

And I said, no, no, no, entertainment law.

And then you said that chunk from- For Goonies is in entertainment law.

Yeah.

Oh, shucks.

Oh, why?

I misremembered it.

I thought- Sloth?

Sloth?

I remember- I thought you had said he was in real estate law.

No.

I said he's in entertainment law.

All right.

Well, what was your idea?

Well, what do we call up chunk from Goonies?

Okay.

I'm on board at this point.

If he were in real estate law- Still works.

And we could figure out a way to either tunnel underneath the- The Baxter Triplets Land- Right.

Or build a bridge over and if he knew the laws of Florida, the real estate laws, perhaps he knows a way it could be done.

He could get ahold of him maybe.

I mean, I don't maybe put up the chunk signal.

I don't know exactly how anyone gets ahold of him, but- Basically, put up the chunk signal.

Okay, I'll- You actually have a chunk signal here?

It's attached to the Triple Blender.

There it is.

Look at it.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

We put it up in the- The sun has gone down and the moon has gone up, much like your stanza.

It's like a- It's like a- It's like a sculling crossbones, but it's a slice of pepperoni pizza and a baby Ruth.

So hopefully he gets ahold of us and maybe he can- Oh, God, someone's at the door.

Okay, this is very unusual.

No way.

Very unusual show.

No flipping way.

It can't possibly.

It's chunk!

Oh, it is chunk!

It's chunk!

And he's doing the dance!

Oh!

What's that dance called?

Shake the belly!

The truffle shuffle shuffle- Oh, he's doing the truffle shuffle!

Oh, look at that truffle shuffle.

Damn.

Well, thanks, Chuck.

Wow.

Oh, is that piece of paper?

He handed you a piece of paper.

Oh, and he walked right back out.

What's it saying?

Okay, well, look at the- God, it's so messily written.

I don't know whether I can- Hey, I don't have my reading glasses.

Maybe- Oh, this is God.

Well, you guys established earlier.

You can't read.

It's on you, brother.

Oh, here are my glasses.

Here they are.

Found them.

Let me put these on.

Hi, did you enjoy the truffle shuffle?

Definitely.

And then there's little boxes that I'm supposed to check.

Oh, check.

Yes.

But there's five boxes.

Wait.

Yes.

This guy's a good lawyer.

There's no- There's some what?

Okay.

There's 51% yes, 49% no.

Okay.

Still winning number, though.

All right.

And then there's not applicable?

Oh, I enjoyed it.

Yes.

Check this.

I'm just going to check 51% yes.

No, you stick- All right.

All right.

Just in case.

Okay.

I really, really, really liked what I heard earlier on the show.

Oh, that's a lot of reallys.

Okay.

He's listening to the live radio broadcast.

He's going to be like that.

Yeah, we transmit over to entertainment law.

I guess he is in entertainment.

I was going to say.

Yeah.

They monitor the show so that we don't say anything that goes out over here.

Fingo on the poles.

Yeah.

To the pods.

You don't slander anybody, right?

I would really, really, really, really like to moonlight as a real estate lawyer.

It worked.

But I don't want to take your case.

Oh, what?

No.

Oh, no.

That's like the fake vote.

That's like the fake answering machine message of legal letters.

Wait till you hear this.

I don't want to take your case.

I want to win your case.

Oh, hey.

Chunk.

Wow.

So, and then there's a lot.

There's a lot of fine print that's.

Oh, don't.

Looks like we're in luck.

It looks like at a future date TBD.

Yeah, we're going to have a lawyer, the actor who played Chunk.

His name is right there on the bottom of that letter.

Oh, yeah.

Let's let it hit.

There's a lot of fine print here.

So, yeah.

So, I got to go zip through that.

Yeah.

To the second part of the first part.

Left to right.

Yeah.

Top to bottom.

Yeah.

Oh, Jeff Cohen, of course.

Right.

L.L.C.

F.L.C.

How old is he?

He, I mean, I've seen him in person.

He seems approximately 40 years old.

Not old enough.

Not old enough of his big.

Yeah.

Sorry, it's very unattractive.

Sounds like we're about to take it to them.

Baxter, F.K.A.

Decker, Pig Restland, and Carmel Country Mott's sisters, and the Calvin's triplets.

We'll have that day in the sun once again.

Yeah.

Firing guns, everyone.

Yeah.

Horses are coming in.

Yeah.

There's pandemonium in here.

Yeah.

Masters.

We will crush heads.

Oh, no.

No.

Down.

You'll be done.

Stay in shock.

I think that's sloth.

That sloth gave me.

Get in there.

Oh, my God.

Did we answer your questions, Scott?

I think it's a happy ending.

I don't know.

I mean, that, uh, but wow, we'll have to follow up on all of these threads in a future episode because we are at a time.

We just have one time for one final feature on the show with that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Oh, you know what time it is?

Plug it.

Yeah, it's time to plug in, baby.

You got something to be that you want people to see you got them plugged in.

Maybe there's something that you made, now you want to get paid.

You got some plug it.

Just leave me for a whole reason that you came on the show, is you want people to know.

I've got some shit that you're done.

Don't get me wrong.

I'm sure you had a lot of fun, but not the show was wrapping up in this business.

Let's have it done, son.

Come on to everyone.

You're a monster, grandma.

I'm moving or whatever you need them to know.

Oh.

Nice.

That was come on now.

Plugged that thing by D Drive.

Whoa.

D-E-E Drive.

Love you, D Drive.

Love you, very great drive.

Thank you so much.

All right, guys.

Anything to plug here?

I'm obviously the three syllables.

One word.

You.

Oh, stop.

It's out there.

It's supposedly the most watched thing on streaming and all by people over 80 glasses.

So make sure you watch that.

And then, of course, the Calvin's Twins B Honey Horse Fight Fields.

They're out there.

They are unless you're a long jumper or a pole vaulter.

They are inaccessible to you or a small, small child who possesses a large, large drone.

If you got one of those jetpacks, you know, jetpacks, you know, they're probably going to, you know, invent the up high computers.

You will all want to power.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

They got fuel powered jetpacks and water powered jetpacks.

The water powered ones.

Yeah.

If you have one of those, you're out of luck.

Yeah.

Unless you're out of luck.

Yeah. Unless you're on one of the dressing islands out there over by.

Oh, that's how they get around.

Yeah.

Of course.

I want to plug.

Look, we have some great stuff over there at CBBWorld.com.

Just last Wednesday, we put out the Speed Force Thanksgiving, Rudy North Speed Force Thanksgiving special.

That was a lot of fun.

On Friday, we just put out Scott Hasn't Seen about the movie Friday with Carl Tarte.

And we have all of the Andy Daily Bonanas for Bonanza shows, of course.

And we put out something called CBBFM with me and Adam Scott talking about music.

A lot of stuff going on over there and some interesting stuff happening in the next coming week.

So head over there also all of freedom.

All of the archives of this comedy bang bang.

Add free over there at CBBWorld.com.

Go check that out.

All right, guys.

Let's close up the old plug bag.
