---
layout: page
title: 736. Jimmy Pardo, Danielle Koenig, Suzi Barrett, Joey Greer [61ad67b549106f001296f16f].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I might be skinning bones, but you're a ghost grandma.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, yes. Thank you to Beaky2Trikey.

Oh, wow. That's a new one for us.

Beaky2Trikey for that catchphrase submission.

Ah, yes. Ever since I retired, what's up hot dog?

We all know my former catchphrase established on another podcast, which we'll mention in a second, but I don't know that that's going to stick necessarily.

Beaky2Trikey, but thank you so much for that submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And boy, we have a great show today.

Let me just talk about what's going to happen a little later on the show.

A little later we have the...

We have not an entrepreneur necessarily.

We have a small business owner, maybe even a big business owner.

We stopped having entrepreneurs.

I almost said entrepreneur. That was terrifying for me.

God, no. We have a small business owner, maybe even a big business owner.

He'll be coming up a little later.

Did I say my name is Scott Ockerman? I don't know.

Maybe I'm in my head about everything that's happening right now because we have podcasting royalty right here in front of me.

And her husband.

And we also have...

This is exciting.

We have something I've never even had a conversation with before coming up a little later on the show.

I don't want to say any more than that, but this is a very unique conversation that I'll be having coming up a little bit later.

But before we get to that, we'll have an even more unique.

I don't think you can say more unique, but you can say unique New York, which I've done several times before this program, warming up my voice.

But we have two...

I mentioned podcast royalty and, you know, I think one of these gentlemen...

He's one of these gentlemen.

Just me.

One of these two gentlemen I'm looking at right now.

I've been called worse.

It's okay.

I am one college shirt.

He has been on the show before and we mentioned podcast royalty.

He will, of course, be on Mount Podmore.

One of these days, along with, of course, Ricky Gervais and the Obama and the killer from cereal.

And I think Joe Rogan.

I think that's Joe Rogan.

He's gonna be a very proud moment.

And, you know, this is the first week of December and the holiday season is all about family.

And I wanted to get a true podcasting family in here for the first episode of December.

And it's a very special time in a young girl's life when she gets her first podcast and she has it right now.

Her podcast, of course, his podcast is never not funny.

And her podcast is How to Survive with Danielle and Christine.

Please welcome to the show.

They are, I should also say, a married couple.

Please welcome to the show Jimmy Pardo and Danielle Canig.

Hello, guys.

Hi.

Thank you for having us on.

Of course.

Danielle, have you been on before I'm trying to remember?

I have not.

What the hell?

I know.

That's why I said I'm so excited to see how it works.

That's a serious omission.

I know.

That's OK.

Now I've got, you know, I'm a late bloomer.

I finally got my own podcast.

Well, I was waiting until you had another podcast because there's not a lot to talk about if you don't have 100%.

Tell me about how to survive with Danielle and Christine.

Now I read this title and it's a how to podcast about how to survive with you.

Is this direction about your husband?

It's only about, it's only for Jimmy and it's how to deal with my chewing, which apparently is a problem.

Oh, is that a problem?

Yeah.

What do we got?

What's going on with your chewing?

Can I hear me a little bit more, by the way?

Is that possible?

I have no idea.

Don't talk to me.

I'd like to be turned up with what I'm saying.

Oh, no, I can hear everybody.

Do you hear everyone except you?

It's not because we can hear you very, very, very almost too loudly.

He likes to hear himself.

I'd like to hear.

OK, you know, there's no way to.

I have the same issue.

I'd like to be louder in my own.

Yeah.

In your own.

Well, you know, you have these volume knobs next to you.

But again, that just adjusts everybody.

Is this what happens on your show where you do it?

You don't like to talk.

Very loose.

I'll be right here soon.

I'm a guy that sells some burrows on the highway.

Go ahead.

Ask your questions.

Interesting.

Also, a little offensive.

I know.

I think it was a.

That's where your mind went immediately.

Dig land where I wanted it to.

I hated the idea.

Some burrow tried to save it.

Made it worse.

According to Duolingo, which is the Spanish.

I love her.

She has that new song with Elton John, right?

Yeah, right.

It's a Spanish app.

Well, it's a language app, but I'm doing the Spanish one.

Okay.

Can't tell you anything in Spanish.

Really?

So you've been doing it recently?

I've been doing it for a year.

Oh, really?

Okay.

Yeah.

And nothing.

Well, I mean, I can pass the tests as I'm doing them, but then I just freeze up.

I get a little better.

I will say this.

And again, I don't want to be this where we hate.

This is a great spot for Danielle and I to crap all over each other.

The chewing's a nightmare.

What's worse is hearing her do this Duolingo.

She does not like my.

I have to leave the room and put my face to the glass.

Is it you don't like the language?

Apparently you have a problem with the sombrero.

No, no, no, no.

People by the side.

I don't know.

I'm a Ferris of a Ferris of a son of a.

She does everything you're asking of it.

Wait, what don't you like about a sombrero?

He's been putting a little visor on it covers one area.

He's not going to be here yourself.

But by full world.

And also it holds tortilla chips quite well.

It does.

But my point was that sombrero just means hat.

Oh, really?

It just means hat.

Okay.

You have ascribed it, I think.

Well, yeah, because beret doesn't mean hat in France.

A shepoda's, isn't it?

Right.

Yes, you're right.

So what does beret mean then?

It's a specific type of hat.

Yeah, it's a baller.

Yeah, interesting.

Maybe you just haven't progressed to that.

It's quite possible.

Yeah.

Oh, I hope it never gets there.

Yeah.

What do you not like about it?

It's because you like my accent, I guess.

I think it's the accent.

It's I can't I can't pinpoint what it is, but I could tell you you don't want to be around it.

Okay.

So the chewing, the speaking, the chewing, you certainly don't want to be around it.

Did you want me to explain what my podcast is?

Um, or you could seem to be packed that quickly.

I guess so.

So you so you basically there's two things wrong.

You chew on it and you speak on it.

Right.

What else is what else is it about?

No, so how to survive is about.

So my friend Christine Kimmel, who's the co host is one of these people who's worried about everything.

You know, she's worried about like when she gets on an airplane, how many roses it to the exit?

She's like worried, you know, her house will catch on fire or whatever.

So I have those by the way, or yeah, I mean, they're not exactly the same, but yeah, but a lot of people I think are like this where they're just erotic constantly.

They're like gaming out bad situations.

It sounds a lot like my mother.

Actually, that's what she says.

Gaming out follow up is Christine Kimmel your mother.

I hate to say this, but yes, I didn't want to tell you that, but yeah, mommy has her is she saw.

She's like a podcast with you.

Wonderful.

And you have nine year old twin siblings.

Yes, I do.

Yeah, they're wonderful.

So we take something that you need to survive like a an avalanche or a plane crashing or being held up at gunpoint and we walk you through the how tos of how to do it.

We now I have to make this very clear.

We know nothing.

We are just going to get it.

You're getting this information from I like this website Art of Manliness.

It keeps coming up in my in my research.

I like it.

It works.

It's a great thing to take out some of the offensive jokes they make every once in a while about make sure you're a lady and you know, make sure you're a lady and you know, make sure your lady is, you know, what not wearing high heels on the plane.

And so but it's primarily a comedy podcast, but we are giving helpful, helpful hints.

There used to be that book series that sort of dealt with this.

The little they were like little sort of almost square books with a I remember I remember.

Is there some no not an Eloise from the hotel?

No, not Eloise.

Helloise help.

No, they were like how to survive a disastrous event or something like that.

I remember reading one about if you're ever locked in the trunk of a car, do that.

What you basically do is is disable the brake lights because that you'll get pulled over and then they'll discover you in the car.

And how does one disable brake lights?

There are these wires to them.

You'll see exactly where the lights are and you basically just like pull out the wires.

What if my hands are tied and I'm blindfolded and gagged?

Do you have teeth?

Oh, the gag though.

Yeah.

Yeah, I don't know.

Maybe you turn over and try to do with the yeah, yeah, I don't know.

Hey, look, I can't do everything for you.

Yeah, you didn't ask me what to do.

Why do I want you to get away?

I don't know what to put you there.

Why do I want to help you?

Why did you put me there?

Maybe you're Wolverine and your claws can come out and you can.

But I'm not.

You know I'm not Wolverine.

What if you happen to be Wolverine and this is where it came out?

I really, it only happens at night when I sleep and I'm not aware of it.

How long have you guys been together?

25 years?

Twenty three 1998.

I remember the party, the New Year's Eve party where I feel like you debuted your relationship or at Brian Pozain's house or at least that was the first time I saw you together.

Oh, oh, I can tell you I've never been to Brian Pozain's house.

I'm saying I don't think I've ever been to Brian Pozain's house.

What?

I haven't.

I know you were there, Daniel.

Maybe I was there with someone else.

Dave Raths house?

Golded to Dave Rath.

I may have been to the Valley.

Yeah, that's actually true.

Maybe they're prior to our relationship.

Oh, okay.

I feel like you both were there at the same time and maybe you were thinking about.

I can't be more clear I've never been there.

I feel like you've been there to David.

You were there and you.

You cannot be more clear.

I've never been to Brian Pozain's house.

You were with someone else, Daniel.

That's right.

I can't be with someone else.

You were stepping out on a journey.

That might have been 1997.

Yeah.

And then the second half of the show.

Oh, we're back to this.

Yes, I'm plugging.

Look, I'm a new business woman.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Is that we have a guest on it?

You're not an entrepreneur.

We should make that clear.

You are a small business woman.

No, but is that a bad thing on the show?

We don't have entrepreneurs on this show anymore.

We had way too many of them.

It was getting stale.

So now we have small business owners.

I love it.

I'm dumb.

It's the same thing, right?

I don't think so.

Okay.

One word.

I don't know.

But the first small business owner is not entrepreneur.

Thank you.

Bonjour.

We have a comedian on or someone of that ilk.

I don't know what that means.

They tell a regular person who is a little bit funny.

No, like a professionally funny person.

Hopefully not a person who is just a little bit funny.

Just like a regular dumb slob off the street.

We just get some idiot off the street.

Can you use your phone?

We just get some dumb unsuspecting kid.

That's a quote from my favorite episode of What's Happening.

By the way, if you hear wrestling, Daniel is now taking her jacket off that she put on right as we started.

I know.

This is life with me, right?

In and off.

This is the third thing.

I'm constantly hot and cold.

On and off with the jacket.

And that person tells a story of how they survive something, but not something life threatening, more like something humiliating, like bombing on stage or getting fired.

So Jimmy, you must have been on several times.

Well, and that's fun.

I know I might have been that guy from 97 that you're talking about.

Oh, he won't be on.

No, he won't be.

So now this podcast is out.

It's been out for a little bit of time here and people can listen to it and people can enjoy it certainly.

I sure hope so.

And where did people get it?

Is it at a certain place or just anywhere?

Everywhere podcasts are.

Wow.

And how do you like it?

Do you hope to be up there on Mount Podmore one of these days?

I don't pretend that we will be, but I sure I'm enjoying it.

They should make a new Mount Podmore every year.

You know, like Mount Rushmore, it's great, but it's a bunch of people no one cares about anymore.

You know what I mean?

Like let's make a new one every year.

Do you think they should reboot it?

I don't mean like carve over it, although that would be kind of funny to try to see who you could make out of what's already there.

You just get smaller and smaller every year.

But yeah, I mean, Mount Rushmore 2.0 would be great.

Yes.

You know, just make several of them all around the world.

Like the Grand Canyon's got a lot of real estate there.

Let's just make a bunch over there.

You know what I mean?

Like you go to the Grand Canyon.

Oh wow, it's great.

But look to your left, there's a bunch of faces.

Have you ever been to Mount Rushmore?

I have not.

It is the most underwhelming experience of your life.

It is, I couldn't wait.

I'm in the car.

I'm literally the most excited about every entire life.

And I get out and they go, there it is.

And I go, all right.

And then got back in the car.

Like I don't know what I expected, but it wasn't that.

Yeah.

I think you expect when you think about it, you think of like, you know, like, you know, of like North by Northwest where he goes climbing all over it.

It's like, can I do that?

You can't.

You just go look at it from a distance.

From a very far distance, right?

And then I found out that it wasn't naturally made.

And that was disappointing.

They walked me through how some people worked on this.

And then it was like, well, then why am I even here?

I could look at anybody to a scarf.

You could have done that.

More to happy to do it too.

If you had taken the time.

That's the thing.

Like if you had taken the time to do it, you could have done it.

I'd make a mission for Rushmore 2.0.

I should tell you that.

Who's on Rushmore 2.0?

I was going to ask you the same thing.

You got to go with Barack Obama, right?

I mean, groundbreaking, whatever you think about him.

And let's not get into that.

Mr. B-H-O.

But.

And then you got to go probably Trump.

You have to go with Trump.

I mean, he's right there.

In fact, I would hear me out.

He looks like a big mountain.

Get rid of Obama and just go with it.

Just go with the one big head.

And then three other red hats just nearby.

Do you do him with the hat?

Do you carve the hat?

On Don Trump?

Yeah.

That's basically a big bill protruding out, which means you got to take away so much rock unless you find a natural rock that has a big jutting out bill.

Like if you found a rock that had a big jutting out bill like that, carve Trump into it right away.

But this is an opportunity.

Are you cool if I bail on the Trump idea?

I don't know.

It turns out I'm not happy with him.

Oh, really?

Yeah, seconds ago, I thought he would be him and only him.

No, I didn't.

No, you're not into it.

This hat thing mucks it up.

OK.

No, see, I think his hair is so a part of him that you have to have the hair.

OK.

Well, the hair, though.

The hair looks like the hat already.

So imagine Jackhammering into that granite.

Oh, man.

Oh, wouldn't that be fun?

I would.

I've never, I've never grabbed it either of you.

Ever grab a Jackhammer?

Do I look like I've ever grabbed a Jackhammer?

I would think a Jackhammer is about as big as you, Daniel.

You saw a wrestler with her jacket.

You want to know what a Jackhammer is?

They both have jackets.

They know.

You know?

Have you?

I don't think so.

No, I don't believe so.

You kind of said it as if you can't believe others have a Jackhammer.

No, I think I pushed a lawnmower a couple of times when I was a kid.

Well, that's where it's a kid.

But other than that.

What's the earliest invention that we still use today?

Do you think?

Fire.

Does that invention or something that we discovered?

It was a discovery.

The wheel.

Did we invent that or was there like a circular rock that we put on a thing?

You know what I mean?

I don't think that's an invention either.

I think the wheel is a really good answer.

Big gliders.

I don't think so.

Big gliders, yeah.

Oh, OK.

What do we still use today?

That's a great question.

The Pot and Pan.

Is that something?

Is that an invention?

It's an invention either because I feel like there's a rock in the shape of a pan that someone's worked something into.

But the first person who used it as that.

That's not an invent.

That's like that's just.

Is this the entrepreneur thing again?

It's just opportunity.

You know, like, oh, wow, this worked.

You know, it's not an invention.

Bicycle.

Ah, yes.

Mr. and Mr. Wright's invention.

Is there a globe that opens up and then is a cigarette lighter?

Oh, a cigarette.

I always thought they were bars.

It's not a cigarette.

A cigarette.

That would be the biggest waste of space.

What is it, a bar?

A bar.

You opened a little lighter.

And then you got a little.

And over all the waste.

I don't know.

I guess that's what I was thinking.

Oh, and now I want one.

If there is one out there, please.

I want you to have to use it.

You would never use it like I don't smoke, but I to light other things to light, I don't know, paper on fire and stuff.

That would be fun.

It's a little cooler, melon campus.

He's records.

What are you?

I mean, it is the new year coming up.

Do you guys make resolutions?

Do you just like?

You know what?

I have in the past, I've done where I'm not going to eat cookies for the year or I'm not going to eat for the year.

I mean, I could be a hamburger for the year.

Yeah, I'll do that.

OK.

And are you successful in them?

I was very successful with the cookie.

I managed to do it.

I did donuts one year.

Successful doing that one.

OK.

The hamburger one, for Oliver's birthday.

So I had one hamburger in that year.

It was for the rest of September.

So he made it to September.

I made it to September.

And Oliver.

But then I had no more after that.

His one birthday wish was for you to eat a hamburger.

And my father, I must see you eat red meat.

And I said, you've got to send blow out your candles and I'll have a bite.

They're so arbitrary these things.

Because he's like, I won't eat cookies, but then I'll eat ice cream and brownies.

And then there'll be debates about, is this considered a cookie or is this not considered?

Oreo's not a cookie.

It's a sandwich.

LAUGHTER According to the crossword puzzle, it is a cookie.

Oh, well, not a sandwich.

Not in 2017.

It was a sandwich.

I don't think I really make, I may not make very sort of vague resolutions.

Like, I'm going to read more.

I'm going to write more of that kind of thing.

Right.

And do you end up reading or writing?

Well, I've been reading, since right before the pandemic, I've been reading kind of nonstop.

Really?

What have you been reading?

Anything good?

OK, let's do a new segment.

I want this to be a recurring segment because I want you to be back.

Oh, OK.

What is Danielle reading?

I think we could jazz this a little bit.

You know what I mean?

I mean, why just make it really just that informational?

You know?

I don't know.

I've been stuck.

Danielle's hot, sexy reading corner.

Corner, yes.

A hot, sexy corner full of reading.

You don't think the corner is sexy, but why not?

Why not?

What are you talking about?

You don't think of corners?

Do you think corners are sexy?

Or do you think a prostitute does most of her work?

In a corner?

In a corner with baby.

No one does.

I don't know what that is.

That's my other show.

By the way, this guy doesn't seem dirty dancing.

Anyway, go ahead.

What are your hot tips in this hot, sexy corner?

What I'm reading right now was inspired by a podcast that was recommended by Dave Holmes.

The podcast is...

I don't like talking about other podcasts.

I apologize.

I'm forced to do it with your podcast.

I'm forced.

It's for sure not a competition with you.

It's nothing to do.

I don't know.

No, it's not comedy.

Any time spent listening to something else.

OK, I apologize.

It's called music, your mother speaking.

I don't like plugging in any of that stuff, but go ahead.

Once upon a time at Bennington College, and it's about Bennington College, which is a place I didn't even know existed with authors that I didn't really even know.

OK.

So one of the authors is Brett Easton Ellis.

Is that Easton Ellis Easton?

Whatever the name is.

Easton.

The guy who wrote Lesson Zero and I...

I think it's only at Easton of the cars.

Yes, him too.

And then another...

He's still with us.

I think he is.

OK.

He was still got him, yeah.

And then another author is...

I can do this.

You can do this.

Do this.

This is a new segment within the hot, sexy corner filled with readings.

It's hearts.

This is...

I can do this.

Her last name is Tart.

And she wrote a book called...

She also went there and she wrote a book called The Secret History, which I guess is a very famous book, but I didn't know about it.

I didn't know about her.

So now I'm reading The Secret History, which is a...

I mean, you barely know about her now.

You know, maybe one of the words in her name.

I can't even think of her last name.

So it's called The Secret History.

Yes.

And it's kind of...

We've talked about that all.

Right.

It's kind of based in this college that they went to, this sort of pretentious, like...

So it's the history of like all of these...

No.

No, no.

It's a battle.

Then it's the history about all of those.

Yes.

It is.

Let's just say there's a murder.

What?

There's rich, wealthy, obnoxious college kids, and there's a murder.

Wow.

And it's really good.

It's really, really good.

Like a kid.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, is this the conclusion of this segment or...

I could go on and on.

Do you want to bring it to us?

It's like, right.

We need to like a nice goodbye to the listener.

Thank you for listening to the segment.

Thank you so much for listening to Sexy Corner.

Both with Danielle.

Yeah.

Sexy Hot Corner.

Sexy Hot Moist Corner.

Oh, no.

Oh, boy.

No.

Okay.

Take the moist out.

But keep the sexy hot.

Sexy Hot Library Corner.

Sexy Hot Library Corner with your librarian.

Danielle.

Yes.

Yes, I love it.

Okay.

Thank you.

All right.

Thank you for listening.

Bye.

Say bye-bye, Blocuses too.

I don't know what...

That's what we do at the end of every podcast, by the way.

We have to blow kisses.

I know you're new to podcasting, but we blow kisses.

Because, you know, I mean, in television, they always, you know, like wave.

But that doesn't translate over an audio medium.

So we go.

I love it.

At the end of every podcast.

I love it.

Yes, I am.

That's so much.

I'm learning so much.

I'm supportive human being.

I'm learning so much.

Did I ever tell you the, my worst misheard lyric that I ever tell you?

No.

Do you know this?

No.

It's the 10 CC song, Not Love.

Not Love.

We're at the end.

He whispers something.

Those are...

And it's like, big boys don't cry.

Is that what they're always trying?

Do you want to know what Jimmy Pardo thought it was?

Up until maybe way too late in life?

What is it?

Stay moist and quiet.

Ha ha ha ha.

Like serial killer stuff, right?

And I'm not kidding.

I'm not kidding.

I thought it was that until somebody...

Stay moist and quiet.

So he's like, what are you doing?

I go, that's those little words.

I go, that was so not the words.

That's what they say before they put you in the trunk.

Oh my God.

Isn't that horrible?

That is...

Oh my gosh.

You, I mean, it maybe sounds a little like that, but to have your mind go there immediately.

I don't know.

I didn't understand why it was that, but I thought it was that since I first heard it way back when I was a child.

Ha ha ha ha.

But tell us about never not funny, it's been going 15 and a half years.

One of the OG podcasts, I mean, really...

I'm trying to think of, I guess, Ricky Dervais podcast before that, and then Adam Curry created them, I guess, before that, but other than that, they're, you're one of the first.

We were, there was a time where the onion, myself and Ricky Dervais would alternate being the number one podcast.

Right.

And they don't even know if I'm on the chart anymore, because famous people took it over.

Yeah, it's, we've been on a long time.

It's my buddy Matt Belknapp, it's my co-host, Elliot Hochberg and Gary Cockrell, were the four people and we bring guests on.

And you know, it's morning radio without, I'd like to say without the bells and whistles, but I'm 100% sure.

You've added the bells and whistles.

We've added the bells and whistles.

They have a lot of theme songs.

A lot of theme songs, a lot of sound effects.

I think I finally, I always wanted to be a morning radio guy.

That's the truth.

And I think after 15 years, I think I was finally there.

Well, I think you're selling yourself short though.

It's a very funny show.

And they always have.

It's a very funny show.

Really funny guests and their chemistry is sort of like, just a real will there, won't they?

Kind of like will they continue doing the show?

Oh, there's always that.

I'm always in fair.

It's gonna end.

But it's a great show.

You are kind enough to have me on once a season.

Once a season.

We're coming up, we gotta get it.

We gotta get it in there.

And you, knowing that I'm on every season, do you wish you had said a season was a full calendar year and said it's twice a season?

I wish I never said it.

I go that far.

But I have a great time when I'm on.

We love having you.

That's 100% true.

And there's some folks we don't like having on.

Yeah, but you still have to, right?

Yeah, I'm sure you have the same experience.

I'm here.

But we love having you on.

I love being on, you know, and anyone who listens to this show obviously would enjoy, never not funny.

And I'm gonna say the same for how to survive with Danielle and Christine.

Can I say this?

Yes.

I will acknowledge I am her husband, but I think that her podcast.

Thank you for acknowledging that.

That's a nice thing to hear.

23 years in.

But they're probably a boyfriend who would go home to they were my boyfriend.

I don't wanna see me like I'm being bi.

It is, her podcast is terrific.

She and Christine together are wonderful.

And people can learn how to get out of precarious situations.

Yeah.

And how to, like, when you say about the plane.

Yes.

You've covered that one apparently?

Yes, they did a plane crash.

Give us just a little taste.

Okay, I'll give you a little taste.

Yeah.

Have Sully be the pilot?

Is that the way, how you get out of it?

That's a very short episode.

Well, he didn't crash.

That's what I'm saying.

So 95% of, I think it was 95% of people who crash actually survive.

Oh.

But here's the thing, it's all about the fire.

It's not about the crash.

Oh.

So you survived the crash when it, when you let me.

So 95% survive the crash and 100% burn up.

No, I think it's 95% survive the actual crash.

But then you have a minute and a half.

To get out of the plane.

And there's this thing called normalcy bias.

I think that's what it's called.

Where you think life, you just think normal things only happen and your brain doesn't know how to deal with extraordinary things happen.

Right.

So people freeze and they don't get out of their seats.

Get out of their plane.

Okay.

Or they start, like, looking for their luggage and shit like that.

So if you're ever in a plane crash, get the fuck out.

That's immediately.

Immediately.

Leave your wife behind.

Just make sure she's not wearing high heels.

Exactly.

Do you want on people driving cars and floods?

Because that's a big problem.

A lot of people pass away.

Yes, I do.

I think.

We did do surviving.

How do it, how do I survive if your car is sinking?

No, do the thing.

I'm talking.

Floods.

We will.

Driving in floods.

I will.

Scott, do you want to give me a Danielle jacket update?

By the way, the jacket is made in.

Jacket is not halfway off.

It's going to go to half right now.

But you're not committing to putting it all the way on.

I love it.

All right.

How to survive.

We're cold in the front party in the back.

How to survive with Danielle and Christine is out right now.

Never not funny.

Of course, has been out for 15 years.

Both weekly podcasts.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll be speaking to a small business owner and also something I've never had a conversation with before.

This is exciting.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

We have Jimmy Pardo and Danielle Canayon.

We'll be right back here.

Both podcast King and Queen here.

The jacket is now crawled all the way up to neck level.

May go over the head at some point.

We don't know.

You never know.

I could wear it like a shawl.

We have to get to our next guest.

This is exciting.

I talked about this before the break.

This is something I've never spoken to before.

Mainly because usually they're inanimate objects.

I don't know if you guys ever eaten, you know, spuds, let's just say.

Yeah, I eat last night.

Eat them, yeah.

Really?

Aside with a hamburger, along with some french fries.

So this is not the year that you said you were not going to eat hamburgers.

I did not do any of it for 2021 to be honest with you.

Oh yeah, you did it.

Not in doing it.

What kind of hamburger did you have?

Am I allowed to plug the restaurant?

No.

Restartes is strong.

It was a burger and let you say it was on the fat side.

Okay.

Well, let's just say it wasn't a skinny burger.

It wasn't a skinny burger.

Okay, interesting.

It was delicious.

Okay, great.

God, I haven't had one in a minute.

Can I tell you something?

I had not had them probably in 20 years and my son Oliver said, hey dad, let's go there.

And I said, let's give it a try.

And now we eat there way too much.

This is very close to our house.

And it's great.

Okay, so you don't want to give away your location, but it's near a fat burger.

It is near a fat burger.

So that should be- And that's not a way to brag either, you know, but you do own some property.

They are in nice neighborhoods.

I'm joining a fat burger.

Well, we don't share a wall with it.

It's gone.

I mean, my God.

Wouldn't that be the dream though?

Oh, to share a wall with fat burger and cuddly be hearing like, make that fatter.

We did share an apartment with the fat boys for a little while.

So that's so I.

All right.

P to most of them.

Oh, I didn't know that.

Yeah.

They get the heavy D the fat boys.

They're all gone.

We all we lost our 80s rappers.

Meanwhile, skinny D still with us.

Slim boys.

Slim shadys.

Yeah, of course.

Absolutely.

Well, we need to get to this guest.

We got a welcome.

I'm just going to say it to the show.

Please welcome a potato.

Oh, a pause from Jimmy Pardo.

We don't usually don't apply.

We blow kisses at the end.

I've never seen a potato speaking.

So well, we haven't yet either to applaud.

Got my apologies.

Okay.

Well, thank you, Mr. Scott.

You're welcome.

I'm I'm the potato, but but I'm I'm missing my family.

Oh, no.

Goodness.

Oh, yes.

Is that why you're here on the show?

You are you making an appeal to to your family to?

Well, Mr. Scott, they all got they got it invited to a holiday dinner, but I didn't get invited.

Oh, no.

So now I'm I'm ball alone in the potato patch.

But you're in the I mean, you're here in the studio.

Now I'm here.

How did you get from here from the potato patch to here?

Well, Google Maps.

Well, you're a comedian.

So you probably would say I called myself a tuber, but you're right.

I would probably say that, but I I was restraining myself, but that those don't exist.

And I Uber Uber does that we can agree on that.

Yes, but I don't have a phone.

So I had to wait until the crow came came by and he tried to he came by and he tried it to eat me, but he got scared because former hands shotted at him and he dropped me in the wheelbarrow and then somebody put that in an Uber.

Oh, so what about the wheelbarrow in an Uber and then it drove here to the yes.

Okay.

So this is a tragic story with what happened to your parents?

They were invited to a Christmas party who invites a potato to a Christmas farm or hands picked my picked it my whole family to go to a holiday party.

Is that what he told them or that's what they took them?

He took them took to them there and they got to go go to the dinner, but I didn't go and it must have been a such a good dinner.

They stayed just stay because I haven't seen them.

Right.

You miss them?

Is that yes, I miss my family, but Mr. Scott.

Yes.

Can you take take me to a holiday dinner?

I could.

Definitely.

I mean, I see you've grown up a little since how long ago was that?

That was two, two half moons ago.

Two half moons ago?

Okay.

So yeah, you look nice and plump and.

Yes.

Yeah.

I mean, which is a compliment.

Usually, by the way, I usually comment on our guest weight.

So you look nice and plump.

You guys are you're in the skinny variety, I would say.

So I just want to make sure everyone knows exactly what they stand.

Did you know that that's people's watch holiday specials and Mr. Scott, maybe you could make me into a holiday special.

This is not a bad idea.

Holiday potato.

Where have you seen holiday specials?

Is your patch the potato patch?

Is it overlooking like can you see into a window or something?

I hear the farmer hands in the man cave.

Yes, man gave.

Yes.

Where his wife is not allowed?

Yes.

And the and when you just wanted holiday specials there.

Yes.

And if she interrupted, he says, damn it.

Oh, okay.

She has to get out.

Yes, she's forced by law.

Yes.

This people's law and also all of the guns.

Right.

Yes.

What about the guns now?

He keeps he keeps the them in his man cave.

Oh, okay.

I'm not sure if this is a man cave anymore as much as it's like.

Bunker.

Yeah.

He watches the specials and I can hear it through the wall.

Which ones did you hear?

Oh, there's one about a hot miser and the cold miser.

Right.

Yes.

People's what sums is about trees, wondered about the reindeers and then a great act and they Santa a great act.

I don't know which one that is.

Oh, in the year without Santa Claus.

Of course, yeah.

They do a prequel with a start to the year that there was a Santa Claus.

She's so she's so informed.

The potatoes on the right.

He's spending a lot of time for a farmer, especially spending a lot of time watching television.

Yes.

And sometimes I get neglected and the snail starts to eat me and the raccoons tried to dig me up.

Oh, no.

Okay.

Would that make a good holiday special?

I think so.

I mean, it's, you know, very interesting to listen to.

So I would imagine if we put visuals to it.

I mean, yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

I think it would be interesting.

Maybe, Mr. Scott, you could filmed everything that happened to me.

I've moved on so quickly from your family being gone.

And now you want to be in show business.

Well, isn't that just the way it is?

Yeah.

Let's you leave the farm, you know?

I mean, I guess you would say that a lot of show business aspirations are built out of broken homes.

So you're no different.

So that person's on.

Yeah.

I've noticed that a lot of dispels are about adventure or somebody overcome to something.

Right.

Okay.

Wow.

You do.

Have you, does anyone save the cat?

Have you noticed that?

Well, in some, they do a good job of establishing that as like ability in others.

They sort of dropped the ball.

Yeah.

I think if you see someone being good at their job, it makes you like them.

Yes.

Yeah.

Pretty early in the script.

But, but.

Like, you ever see collateral?

Did the farmer ever watch collateral with Jamie Fox?

He, he takes such good care of his cab.

You like him.

It's, if that is not the holiday special, then he has.

He just doesn't watch.

It is.

So you watch these?

Well, I mean, you haven't been alive all that long.

That's right.

You've been alive for how many half moon cycles?

Well, for, well, two half moon cycles since my family, but I've been alive for six crows, one flood and two dogs pooped it on me.

Okay.

So about, sounds about like three weeks or so.

Is that people's time?

People, yeah.

People have time.

They have laws.

They have time.

Okay.

So you're going to have to, you know, make sure you're in the middle of the street.

Yeah.

So you're going to have to go to a hotel.

Yeah.

So you're going to have to go to a hotel.

And you're going to have to go to a hotel.

So you're going to have to go to a hotel.

And you're going to have to go to a hotel.

Would that be a holiday special?

I don't know.

I'm a potato.

I like you potato.

Do you ever want a name?

Would you name me Mr. Scott?

What do you think of that?

I'm sorry.

All potatoes have no gender because we all create all potatoes.

So it's like a non-gender specific name.

Oh, yeah.

Leslie Nielsen, but also Leslie Uggams.

Wouldn't that be great?

I like the name Uggams.

Thank you Mr. Scott.

I hope you can stick around for the show.

I have a special place for you to go.

I'm the luckiest Uggams the potato I have ever known.

You truly are.

We're going to take a break.

We made her watch White Chicks with us, which is very funny.

We're doing Father of the Bride this Friday.

Some other great stuff coming out.

Head over there to CBBWorld.com.

We have the archives of this show and Freedom.

So much more over there.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

We're going to take a break.
