---
layout: page
title: 737. Paul F. Tompkins, Shaun Diston, Tim Baltz, Jessica McKenna, Will Hines, Carl Tart, Dan Lippert, Mary Holland, Matt Apodaca [61b6a63d483922001338ea66].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I use the P-hole on my P-hole to pee on people through my P-hole.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oof, that is a tongue twister! But thank you so much to Adam Holloway for that, aka 20-inch hubs.

Thank you so much for that catchphrase submission. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition, and a very special edition it is indeed. Ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, ho, that's right, it is the holiday. The Ho, ho, holiday episode of Comedy Bang Bang 2021. My name is Scott Ockermann, and welcome to the show. We have a great show. A lot of friends are going to be dropping by, and this guy is no exception. Let's just get right to him.

Hey, Mike, you want to come over here?

Yeah, what are you talking about? You're talking to me? Mr.

Ockermann?

Oh, wait a minute. There's two people named Mike on this show to say.

Yeah, you said that I was going to go second. I thought I was going to go second, and he was going to go first. He said to Mike. You said Mike. You're going second.

Mike, the person who cleans things for a living. Well, that's me. Wait a minute. Oh, come on, what's happening here? What's going on? Hold on, let me move by very slowly like I'm looking at a beer.

I'll do the day. This is like something out of being the Ricardo's. I'm very confused.

It's very strange because we look completely different. It's like looking at a mirror.

It's like here in the mirror too. It's like listening to a mirror. We sound very different if you think we sound very different. Okay, so I'm Mike Ruby. Okay, I'm Mike the janitor.

Oh, okay. So you guys, you guys, I've never realized how similar you guys are.

What are you talking about? Do you have an 11 step process to cleaning things?

I do not. I have a two step process. Step number one. All I ask is that I step step. I'm sorry. I haven't been me in a while. Yeah. I'm remembering my thing.

Step one. I clean other people's filth. Step two. All I ask is return is a paycheck.

It's barely anything. That's very very good. It's barely two steps. Two steps. Come on.

Well, I've got, of course, a patented 11 step process and I'm a plumber. So I don't just clean anything. Do you know the amount of order? Yes. Give me step number six. Step number six.

Let me look at my phone. No way. You don't know them out of this.

You couldn't. It was enough to look at his phone. I mean, I wouldn't have known. I have the confidence to know if you want to know something out of order, you have to have it on your phone.

Then step number six is, of course, has to be pointed in the direction of the staying.

Oh, that's right. That's right before the pebble. Yes.

The floating in the air. So you work exclusively in the plumbing arts. I do. I am a plumber. I am afraid of shit itself. I if I was if the idea of shit comes up, I lose my shit.

And I do have to make a correction. I did say that that was a step number six. You did.

But that step number six in my new 12 step. What? My channel. Take a breather for a second.

But this means a new step has popped up. Undo step between one and five.

You got a new step. What the hell was that? No, I didn't know why you did that.

I of course have a new step, Scott, because the last time I was on the show, I was listening to myself. And I thought, what the hell is going on with this guy?

You know, I was on here talking about, you mean? No, me? Oh, you. I was being self reflective.

Third person. I'm over here thinking, what the hell's wrong with this guy? He's over here saying he's the regular stank plumber. He smells. And now I know I was over correcting for my no stank plumber. You wouldn't win a little too far on the opposite.

I was listening to myself. And I was like, okay, you've gone off the deep end. I need you to come back on the show and rain it in.

Okay, so this is you raining it in. This is my adding a step raining it in. And this will become canon. This is of course canon. Okay. Now my new steps go as follows. And these steps are for the holidays. Oh, this is for the holidays. Do we need some jingle bells in here?

I mean, if you want to drop some jingle bells, that's great.

Step number one. I make my list and I check it twice. Oh, okay. Is that a previous step? No, no, that's the new step. That's the new step.

Yes. Okay. And is everything else the same? Do we need to hear the others? I wouldn't mind.

It's my first question right now. All right. So I make my list. I check it twice. My list of my 12 step process. Got it. So you've added the one step of checking this list. By the way, you didn't check it twice when you said what anyway, I did I gave you an answer that I said, wait, I need to go back and check it twice. Mike, I hate this. Yes.

Wouldn't make more sense for that to be the final step because you're reading the list.

And then at the end, you get, Oh, go back, check the list.

Okay, hold on. Let me edit the notes app on my phone. Oh boy, this is good. This is a long this is a 12 step process in itself. All right.

Now the new step number one, receive the call like the Ghostbusters. Oh, yeah, the lady goes.

I take up the phone. I say, Oh, it's Mike Ruby.

Steps. This is for the holidays. This is for the holidays.

Step number three. Usually, I was hopping in the shower here. And the last time was on the show, I said, I looked at my shower and I said, I don't need you. That's an over correction, Scott.

Yeah. No, you so so you have not showered during the day until you answer that call.

That's right. Okay. But now you save it. You save it until you get a call.

I say it until I get the call. I sit there in my own filth.

My underwear looks like it looks disgusting. Why not actually just like be a regular clean human being with clean underwear?

Good question, Mr. Rockman. Yeah. I'm going to circle back and answer that a little bit later.

Oh, okay. That was even better.

Because to me, honest, it's kind of racking my back. I'm like, why don't I just deep clean all the time? Anyways, answer the call. This time, instead of hopping in the shower, I'm going to just wet my hands a little bit. Do what they call a little bit of a, oh, I shouldn't say it. Is this bad?

A horse bath. A horse bath. I don't know that a horse bath is just wetting your hands.

Yeah, exactly. Usually it's like going under the pits.

Wedding heads, right big of pits, slicking your hair back a little bit.

Sign of the cross. You might use some hand soap under the pits.

Yeah. You might have a Jamie Lee Curtis in true lies.

Arts of interest. She like goes from the like frumpy house mom to like she becomes the sultry woman. Yeah, she slucks her hair back. She slicks her hair back. That's what I do.

Yeah, like a Robert Palmer. That's exactly what I do.

She do like a weird strip tease before her husband. Yeah.

She doesn't know it's her husband. Yeah. It's weird. They should recall that.

Yeah. They need to have a recall.

Election for that. Yeah. I know there's a Disney vault, but I think some movies they should just take out. They should be like this one's book. I'll be honest. There was a car.

Not the Disney vault. I'll be honest. There were Disney should make cars.

The Disney vault? No, I'm sorry. Pixar already did. I think that's crazy. At least three times.

Step number four. I drive to the house. I was being of course.

And this time I do it on a sleigh because it's the holidays.

Because of the holidays. Great. And how did this is a sleigh with a motor in it?

Yes. It's a sleigh with a it's basically my car, but I put like some Christmas ornaments on it.

Oh, okay. Wonderful. So not all of this. Yeah. I cracked the window, of course, spray myself with a back spot. He spray and keep buying those clothes until I get to the house.

Now, of course, step five. Get out of the car. Get naked.

Spray myself with a back spot.

He spray once again. And this time I go down the chimney.

Okay. Are people expecting that or? It depends. If they're expecting it, well, it's fun. If they're not, I'm in a lot of trouble.

Sometimes what about doesn't have a chimney?

That's a great question. Thank you. Like the Santa Claus. I haven't seen.

Oh, you haven't seen it, Scott? No, I have. Why'd you say my name only got Scott?

You weird. I'm not sure why I did Scott. I haven't seen it either.

Yeah. Yes. Did you know that? But maybe you will. I hope not. I pray to God.

I pray to God every night that I don't happen to see the Santa Claus.

He's not my only prayer, of course. No, of course. You have one other prayer, right?

Yes. Please let me get a paycheck. One regret. Now, the next step, of course, is asked to be pointed in the direction of the stank in which I roll over to step the next step, which is now that is not Christmas themed. No, no, no. That one has to stay the same.

Every other every other one has been some alteration. Could you add maybe when they point you in the direction of the stank, you lay a finger or side of your nose? I love that.

I'm a do that. You sound like two different guys with both of those sentences.

I did that. I love that. I'm a do that. I did not. Now, the next step, of course, is I float in the air like Pepe Le Pew towards the stank.

Right. But this time, Silent Night starts playing. Oh, from where? Your phone? I said kind of omnipresent presence.

Oh, okay. Just underscoring. This is just a suggestion from one mic to another.

Yeah. Maybe you could swap out Pepe Le Pew, the now canceled skunk. Yeah, you're right. With a dog that smells a pie cooling on a window sill. Yeah, wait, does the Grinch dog float? No, he does not.

He never floats. That poor guy? No. He has no joy whatsoever. The Grinch dog is kind of cursed if you think he's a slave. Now, of course, the next step is I take a quick shower in the customers.

Shower? Because, of course, I don't want to smell. Right.

You are frowning at your phone.

Like you can't believe it. I couldn't believe it. I couldn't believe it. But you know what?

This time we're cutting that step. What? Really? I'm not sure why. So you're replacing it with another step? Yes. Because here's why we got to cut that step. I added a step early on that changed the order.

And now we've gotten to eight, which is, of course, the panted disassociate. Oh, yes. You need that always. It has to be on eight or up. That could remember it.

Okay. So you need. So this is back to an 11 step process. I think we're back to 11. Oh my god.

This is too confusing. By the way, you're the only guest who comes on and just repeats what he said before on every other episode.

I'm sure there's not another guest who is forced to do that every time you do the show.

You sort of ask questions that make a rehash the same story.

All right. The next step, of course, is step nine. I hit my head on the side of the sink. Step 10. Wake up. Hope the bathroom's clean.

And step 11. If it's not, I burn the house to the ground.

And now is there a Christmas alteration for that? Yes. If I'll burn the house to the ground, and then I'll fly away on my sleigh and say, Ho Ho Ho. Oh, wonderful. That's it. Okay. Well, Mike, are you applauding that? I don't know. I had to give it some sort of like a feat to get through to be perfectly honest. Yeah. It's like a comedian who says something really fast and does a, you know, a big speech. You know, it's always just for a place. It's not necessarily really fast, then does a big speech. Yeah. Hey, we got to do a big speech.

Is this Andy Kindler or something? All right. Third thing.

Is it okay if I do my commercial?

You have a new commercial? I do have a new commercial. Is this for the holidays as well?

Oh, yeah. Please. All right. Here we go. Mike, did you also bring something in?

Yes, Mr. Ockerman. Of course I did. I wouldn't leave you hanging Mr. Ockerman.

All right. Here we go. Think Mike. Think I'll give you some time.

I was having a Christmas party the other day today. Sorry.

Was that too loud?

It was higher pitch than I expected. It's my stock character. It's complaining person.

Oh, you do a character on the commercial? Yeah. I do a few characters.

Mike does great characters. Oh, you do. I have some characters.

I'm talking about this Mike. Sorry. That was a little, who was that first there for a second?

All right. Here we go. I was having a Christmas party the other day.

I looked around at my bathroom and it was covered in shit.

When I called the other guys, they gave me the rotor out like, hey, we're not open on Christmas.

We actually went out of business. But then I called Mike Ruby.

They're still entering the phone. They kept the number.

I mean phone numbers are very cool. Yeah, she got that.

Then I called Mike Ruby. Hi, I'm Mike Ruby. Ho, ho, ho, and a Merry Christmas to you.

And also Abionica. Oh, that's very awesome. I'm going to be honest.

I've been wrestling with myself as Steve, especially when it comes to smelling bad.

But it doesn't affect my work. I'm a good plumber. Take the smell out of the equation all together.

Just take my word for it. But you don't have to take my word for it.

Scott, hi, I'm Sprague the Whisper. What? Sprague the Whisper.

And I love Mike Ruby. One time Scott Ockerman was at my house and he covered my bathroom and shit. Hey, wait a minute. Hold on. And then I had to call Mike Ruby. Why? It's me, Mike Ruby again.

Did you just hear that? So you don't have to take my word for it.

I don't know about that. I hashtag add hashtag. Listen to Scott, has it seen?

On CBB talking about why you say Scott right before you started doing the Sprague the Whisper disclaimer? You know, I do a Sprague the Whisper impression.

And in order for me to get into character, I have to say Scott's name in a British accent. I see. It's kind of one of my crutches. If I had a real accent, I would just roll right into it. Right. But that was you doing that was you concocting a story that Sprague would never say, right?

Well, he did have to sign off some legal papers for me. What? And it is sort of a branded CBB world dot com. I mean, I appreciate the advertising on that end. But I don't think that's an accurate story. I mean, covered in shit. I mean, well, look, I wasn't there. It was a lie. I didn't help him at all. He's an actor. Can I say this says a guy who cleans up filth? Yeah. Even if you see a little bit of shit in a bathroom, it might have become a cicada. Yeah. Okay. Because I can understand leaving like a fecal trace or something, you know, in the bowl. Yes. I put him strings.

Mike, you got his ass.

To Mike's boy, this is like a crisis on infinite bang bags here with two mics. I don't know what you're talking about. Yeah, we just have the same name. We're too different. We have to do the same bike. You've never seen sounds so similar. It's more than it. No, it's too. I mean, this is what Michael Malley was here. You'd be freaking your head would. Oh, man, I would love it. Michael Malley, if you're out there, please come on the show. We love you.

Can I ask you a question, Mike? Sure, Mike, you have a two step process. Yes, I do. And so when you're processed, you disassociate, when how do you deal with cleaning up trash? You know, I got to say, I was struck by that in your process. You list of what your steps is this every time you go to. Oh, yeah. I mean, it's 100% of the 100% of the time. Well, I would say 90% of the time, I do tuck and roll away from my car instead of parking it. And if it hits a trash can, I burn the neighborhood to the ground. Okay.

That's less of a step than a thing you should see somebody about.

Because I don't know if you're in control of it. Well, I used to see somebody. Who are you seeing?

I used to see this guy named Perry Goodwill. Perry Goodwill.

Perry Goodwill. He was my fair business. Turns out what did he sound like? What the hell was that? I don't know.

Oh, I don't know. I'd hope to. In the past. I can't do any impressions of Perry Goodwill.

I don't do any impressions of anyone in the future because I don't know what's going to happen to their boy. Oh, I do one. Who's that? That guy from the Christmas carol. Oh boy, he's pointing at me. Ghost of Christmas. He's sort of tucking over his hood over.

You're a future guy. I'm a ghost of Christmas yet to come, guys. Interesting. Because if you say future, that means it's already set. But yet to come, you could still figure it out. That's exactly right. Possibly to come. Also, future makes me think he's going to be wearing like a sofa suit.

Yeah, with a ray gun. He's got a ray gun that they'll have in the future.

Ray gun impression. I'm sorry. There's screens everywhere.

Like Ronnie Ray Gun, is that what you don't know for? Well, let's get past that. Yeah, I don't disassociate. I just kind of, I mean, I get bumped out sometimes. Sure. Yeah, because it's a lot of, it's a lot of filtage. But you do more than just the toilets. I'm like him or the plumbing. That's true. Well, I don't do plumbing. I do. I just do cleaning. Oh, okay.

What Mike does here is he actually fixes things. I don't fix any things. Sometimes. Sometimes.

A lot of times I'm birding stuff to the ground. Yeah, that means. You guys kind of compliment each other in a lot of ways. I mean, you could go into business together. Like you clean up. You're the one who fixes the actual plumbing.

So wait a minute. I could send in Mike the janitor into the bathroom. Clean up for shit.

Yeah. And then I would go in and unclog the toilet. Can I ask you this? Yeah. So the people whose bathrooms are covered with shit. Yeah. They're not even bothering to clean up any of the shit.

No, no, no, no. Like that's part of his job, I guess. I think they think it's a plumber's job to wipe up the shit. I think it's part of the investigation process. Like I need to get there and I need to be able to go. Hey, what's going on? Yes. Fucking long ass headphone cord. We looked over it. It looked like it was sucking the old dick on the second. I mean, it did look like a famous drive from my ankle. Why didn't you just associate?

You were into it? No, well, there was no shit involved. They're good. Man, well, I also have to I have also the sweep. I got a vacuum. I got to do windows, you know, maybe, maybe you could be my setless apprentice. Oh, this is a friend.

This was something that a Haley Joe Lassvet came up with.

My setless apprentice was right.

If we work together, I don't have to knock myself out in the bathroom. I don't have to disassociate. I could just clean the bathroom and I could have 100% success rate. So you want me to clean the bathroom so you can just clean the bathroom?

No, no, no. Sorry. Fix the bathroom.

Are you just associating right now? I was like, I am. I started to hear about shit and I did almost disassociate. I'm just saying Mike and Mike, that has a great ring to it. The two mics. Mike and Mike.

The two mics. Magic mics. The magic mics. You can strip as well. I'm ready. I love. Here's the thing. When I'm on the job, if nobody's around, I love to do my custodial duties in the news.

So wait, this is a part I've never seen. This is some new shit.

Private. But I got to be very careful because I sound like I'm in between two different guys.

I got to make sure I don't tip too far to one or the other.

I understand. Well, I think I understand nude cleaning because you keep your clothes clean. Exactly.

So I don't, I don't understand.

I fold up my coveralls. I put them in a nice and I fold up like an American flag. So they're a nice triangle. Okay, great. Strike corners. And I put that on a shelf so we'll not get phone your clothes from a flagpole. Sure. I'm in residence.

Yes, well, my coveralls are flying. That's how you know I'm in residence.

So yeah, if I fold them in, we'll try and go put them on a shelf. And then I do my cleaning and it makes the time go by. Feel free. I feel like God made me put on genuine pony and start dancing around. Do I ever not do that? Like you know me. I figured out. You know me.

It's making all take off my clothes. I mean, you know, what's the holiday? Maybe that's what you just associate when pony comes out. You disassociate.

You strip. And then all of a sudden the place is clean. You guys are very similar. I got foam bubbling out of my mouth.

Whoa. Oh my. Oh, a mess. Mike, please clean this up. Okay.

You are activating. We're activating as a day. I'll get you a project. Could build water. I'm activating. Hold on. It's kind of starting to look like she's quick. We need something to dissolve. How does it look like?

Oh God. Oh God. I've got a liquid part of it. Any liquid makes you think of shit?

Oh my God. That is a lot of water. Not that big a glass. It's a lot of water.

Strange how much came out of that. It's chaos. You really get your money. It's not like we could get electrocuted at this place, right? I mean, no, no, no.

Oh my God. Oh my God. Someone came in with some paper towels. Everything's good. It's a Christmas miracle. We cleaned up all the mess.

So that's a that's a towel valet or a towel. Oh, well, we started talking about the janitorial business. That's kids like interns. Oh, oh, I tell a towel.

Well, we started talking about the policies and then one appeared in front of us. Thank you. His name is Mike as well. Thank you, Mike. Thank you, Mike. Appreciate that. He talks like a muffin. Well, Mike and Mike, I I hope in 2022, you guys go into business together. I got to say, we work together. So this is so clean already, right? You believe? The only thing that could happen is someone might say, Hey, Mike, and then both of you went. All right. Well, look, we have to get to our next guest if that's okay. Mike and Mike, thank you so much for being here. You guys, you must rock him and tell him. You wish I'll stick around as long as nobody mentioned shit and I pass out.

Okay, I'll look around as long as I am assured at the end, I will get a paycheck. Okay, certainly. All right. We'll see what we can do for that. We do have to get to our next guest. And I don't think you guys have ever met this guy.

I don't think I'm only four people. I'm pretty sure I did meet Randy Stutt. You've only met four people. Yeah, I'm about to meet my fifth. This is exciting.

Oh, wait, the four people who were in here. Oh, no, who's the there's me and Mike over here. That's right. That's two. Okay, who are the other boys? My wife. Yeah, now ex wife. What about the professor? Never met him. We either wife swap life shop never met the guy. You did that blind?

I was asleep. Okay, wait. So you met, but you did the white swap. So the other one that you met is the other one. I think I agreed to it, fell asleep. Okay, guys, she was about to meet my fifth person. Okay, great. This is exciting.

Well, let's meet him. He is, of course, I don't even know how to describe him, but he's a local legend. Well, it's a comedy by makes definitely a man. Yeah.

He's one of the bros. He's one of my bros. He's, I don't even know what state he's from, but he used to work at a convenience store until he said, you're like too many times. Please welcome back to the show. Randy Snutt. All right, what the shit is going on? Got it. Don't say that word too much. You can't say shit too much, because I, he's just associated. He has a problem with that word. Sorry. In the concept in general.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. I understand. That's how's it going? Big high five of the, what's going on?

I think I compliment the situation pretty well. Nice job.

Nice job. Nice job. You met Mike over here? Yeah, I met Mike before. What's going on? What's up?

We have that met. Yeah, we've not met.

You did not mean Mike over here? No. How's it going? Mike?

Let's just not say.

Very, very pleased to make your equation. I'm not confusing it is for him. He's got it.

Yeah, I figured out right away. So I'm like, what's going on? Mike, how's it going? Mike?

So I know, I know this, Mike. I don't know. I instinctively knew when you said if you met Mike, you didn't mean me first. I don't know how that worked.

That was the human I got that.

But this guy, I've been, I've been waiting in the wings.

Just kind of like watching this go down.

And Scott's been, he's been really sharp setting people up for like Tom. Oh, gosh, thank you so much, Randy. So nice to see you. And you've been delighting in it too. Like I truly have been delighting in it. Rubbing your little hands together, like stinks trying to build up. Like, oh boy, something's coming. Yep. Yeah. Randy, it's so good to see you, especially during the holidays. I mean, I don't know that I've ever seen you during the holidays.

Normally I'll hunker down during the holidays. Yeah. People are trying to get gifts out of me and I'm trying to save cash. People are trying to get gifts out of you. Yeah, because they're like, it's a Christmas spirit. I'm like, yeah, I see what's going on. Who, who, who, who, if I may, it's just nuts. Who are these people?

Well, usually the scandal, the water. What are you looking over your shoulder for?

Oh, I'm afraid that he's a person gonna walk in. You all say this too loudly. I know for a fact, she is not going to walk in here, but I'm talking about the scandalous, duplicitous, and devious ex-girlfriend, on again, girlfriend, Carissa. Oh, Carissa, we talked to her one time, like about about a year and a half ago. Yeah, probably. I'm sure you'll hear from her again, but not tonight.

Okay. Okay. That's like a prophecy, Mr. Sveri, I'm in this.

She's really upset with me because I bottle them as a enough Craigslist. Oh, no. Why would you do that? Well, because I started driving for Lyft. I started driving for Lyft, and I was like, well, I can increase my passenger to trip ratio if I buy a bigger vehicle. Right. I see it to add more passengers, not the experience being nicer. I guess you couldn't graduate up to Uber X or whatever. But you would do like the nicest Lyft pool kind of thing. Yeah, exactly. Let's really get it going. You know, I have a lot of amenities on the back like like Stogies and whiskey. Okay, it's not bad. I don't know the last time I've been picked up in an Uber that hadn't had actual like liquor in it. Yeah, I guess you can't unless you're why? Why do they let you have liquor in a limo but not in a regular car? Nice.

Keep going. This is good stand up. Okay. Hey, hey, hey. I think it's the distance from the drive of Mr. Alcoma. I think it's the partition. So long as it's the part, it's not the distance. That's like it's five feet away. And it's okay. Like sometimes you're right behind the per you're like, oh, you're calling me a liar, Mr. Alcoma. I'm saying you're mistaken. Don't come for my home.

Me, Mike. I'll fuck your Mr. Alcoma. And you are my superior and you do pay me my paycheck. But I will not be called a liar. Mike, I thank your pardon. I truly, truly beg your pardon. I.

It's all right. Hey, okay. We're all having fun. It's okay.

And you do have a paycheck coming to you. Oh, thank you, Mr. Alcoma. Okay, great. Of course, I'm talking to Mr. Snets. Hey, I understand the disrespect because Scott brings me on counter to just kick me around. You know, no, that's not true.

Oh, it's true. You're cruel to me. Like Tom has cruel to cousin Greg. Succession, Benny. Yeah, I'm caught up. Oh, you're caught up. I'm caught up.

So Randy, Chris is not around. She's not around. She's upset at you. So are you off again or are you on again? We're off again right now. But like to be honest, I've been living in my limo because Mark Padavano, my other on again off again roommate.

That's right. He started dating someone. So I kind of got booted out of his place. Well, weren't he and Carissa? Didn't they have some weird thing going on? Where who did Carissa not have a weird thing going on? That's true. Sorry to end a sentence and a proposition, but she's bad news.

Are you saying that this Mark Padavano and you're on on again off again, Chris, they were a bit partners at one point? Yeah, but Carissa's been bad partners with most people in my local community. How local are we talking? Pretty local, but you know, politics is local. So the the the milieu changes. But the drama remains the same. Sure.

Of course. I understand that. Mr. Suss, maybe you got to get out of your bubble.

Yeah, no kidding. That's why I got a limousine, you know, and I decked it out for the holidays.

Oh, wow. Is it like the Christmas ornaments or what do you got? I put two little reindeer antlers on the front of the car. Oh, that's gorgeous. I love that. And then on the back, there's two flags. One is a flag with a Christmas tree and it says these colors do not run. Okay.

So what's green and red? Yeah. Okay. Great. All right. And then the other one is a foot hovering above a broken ornament. And the ornament has this frowny face and it says, don't tread on me.

Okay. Great. Do people ever misunderstand what you're saying with us? Because those are clearly just Christmas spirits. Yeah. All the time, these aggressive dudes are always coming up to me being like, Hell yeah, I love you. And I'm like, Whoa, do you want to ride? And they're like, No, I support you. I'm like, what the fuck is going on? I support you. That's usually what they say.

It's a work. Well, that's how about this one? You get it.

This is more for your house. I guess you could have a sign that with a candy cane pointing at the viewer and it says, Never mind the candy cane. Never mind the dog. Be where the owner. Yeah. I like that.

You know what? Then we can take this part out, right? No, no, I don't think so. No, I got one.

I got one. We broke our editing machine the other day. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry, Mr.

Ockham. I got one. How about you have a flag that says I put the queue in Christmas. Yeah. Yeah. I love that. And the queue, of course, is questions.

I yeah, that's and it's all in like the thought that they use for Qdoba.

I don't know what we're talking about right now. Qdoba is just basically another version of Chipotle. Oh, okay. Oh, I mean, I mean, you know, I'm at parties of Carl's Jr.

Sure. Actually, the same company. Yes. No, I knew that. I heard that before, but I could play some of like, is that a country? What is Qdoba? Qdoba.

Do you remember Quiznows?

Yeah, I love Quiznows. Oh, it was so good. Isn't it now?

illegal subs? Is that what you said? Yeah, I said illegal subs. They were by the right of business. All of that subs were illegal.

illegal submarines.

Well, they made the crucial mistake to be like these submarines need to be wet, like actual submarines. And patrons were like, this is a bad idea. We toast them.

Then we soak them crucial mistake. Crucial mistake, Quiznows.

Crucial mistake. This is business 101. Don't sell a product that people will hate.

When will Quiznow reveal himself to be JFK Jr.? Yeah. Oh, yes. He probably is him, right? Yeah.

He's got to be. He's got to be revealed. Yeah. Quiznows went out of business at the same time.

The JFK Jr. supposedly died, right? Yeah, the same time.

I've got a great slogan for him when he comes back. What's that? Quizno means, yes. I'm JFK Jr.

Is that good or bad? It's good. No, I can't quite tell. I think your job should be coming up the slogan. Absolutely. You should be marketing Mr. Snuts.

Slogans are great. Like they make people feel empowered about themselves and their products, you know? Absolutely. Like what?

I mean, I can't think of one example that makes someone feel empowered. Like, where's the beef?

That's a slogan, right? Yeah. That's great. That's great.

That's great. That's great. That's great.

I feel like the incredible Hulk. Say Mike gets what's going on.

That is valid. Thank you, Mr. Snuts. Yeah. How's it going?

What's going on?

Who would you say McDonald's slogan? Just do it at slogans.

I guess, I guess, I guess, blah, blah, blah. I think it's I'm loving it. Isn't it?

Brian Cox's slogan?

Oh, that's right. Yeah. He's he took it over.

They have to speed that up in post too, because he does it so slowly.

I hear he's got a book coming out where he just says, how many actors he doesn't like directing. He got a bunch of guys who are like, this guy sucks. Michael King. He's not doing good acting.

Yeah.

Him trashing Michael Kane and like this man's an institution. He's like, yeah, he doesn't have range. I bet he doesn't because he's fucking crushed what he's been doing his entire career.

That's some petty shit. You're on top of the world and you're dishing out jealousy.

Very good. So you love succession, but you don't like Brian Cox.

No, I love Brian Cox. I like super troopers, Brian Cox.

Oh, okay. So you know, super troopers is my kind of flick.

In what way?

I watched it like at 19 years old and my life was forever changed.

Okay. Well, I hope that you get back with with Carissa. I mean, it's such a it's such a time where you want to be around your loved ones, you know.

So you think what would be good for me and at Christmas time would be to get back together with someone who has only brought me pain and humiliation. Okay, Scott. I mean, yeah, I mean, you said time of the season. Yeah. Here's what you do. You decorate the limousine.

You put up a little tree in there. Okay. You play some songs and you say, Carissa, come over to my place and then you walk into the back of the limo and then I don't know if sex is it? I'm going to be through the Yeah, I'm then ended when you walk right to the line. I am 100% on board. This will work.

That's just a question of, is the will there for me? Oh, okay.

But there's a will there's a wait. Are you are you half out out with her? I mean, are you are you just not never? I mean, you always seem to get back together with her. Is it just over now? Even you yourself, it's just that you kept reiterating on again off again.

I know. Well, I'm just stating facts. But yeah, I'll probably get back together with her.

You think you will. Okay. Because there's just something about the two of you.

When you were on the show before, I mean, together, it was just it was electric, you know, just the magnetism between you guys. You're talking about our sexual chemistry.

I true. Yeah. I guess I am. Yeah. Yeah. Well, you've signed me a lot of texts talking about my sexual chemistry, Carissa. I just wanted to make sure that you knew about it.

Well, it was weird to me. It was very apparent. What's weird is that I have never responded, but there are like 32 texts in a row from Scott on my phone.

That's a bad look. Different days, too.

Too thirsty. Oh, he's admitting it. That's even worse. That's bad.

Well, good. Well, good. Well, good. Well, good.

What song should I play in the limousine to like? When a man loves a woman.

That's Christmas. That's Christmas. Christmas. I gave you my heart. But the very next day, you gave it away. I say in Hollis, Queens. Yes. This mom's cooking up collard greens.

What about that weird lady Gaga song with a space cowboy?

Poker face. The one face. I don't consider that a weird one.

Oh, OK. I thought it was a Christmas song, though. She did it. Do it poker face.

Poker face could be a Christmas song. It's not when it die hard as a Christmas movie.

Yeah, Batman Returns. Yeah, exactly. It's like, it's about when you ask your parents, did you get me that Nintendo and they got to keep that poker face on.

Because they didn't? Yeah. Mike knows what's going on and so does Mike.

What about that song? Yeah. So it's a space cowboy lady Gaga song. It's very sexual.

That's so yeah. There's she did a Christmas song. No one has really heard it, but with space cowboy. Yes. Where it's like the Christmas tree is me. Get it? Oh, so I want you to get under it. I want you to get my Christmas tree is delicious.

Wink wink. That's good. Yeah, I'll do that. I might need a full playlist because, you know, I ain't no one pump chomp.

No, not like a little bump. Yeah, of course. Our friend from Australia. Yeah.

Who is not Australian? That's true. He is our friend from Australia. Yes. We met him there.

Also, if you're only a few pump chomp, you might want to go the Brian Cox route and slow it down.

Make the pumps count. You know what I mean? I think we do know what you mean.

And then speed it up and boast.

Look at those, babe. I sped up our sex tape.

Well, Randy, it's great to have you here during the holidays. I hate to move on from you, but we, Mike over here is about to meet his sixth person, I believe.

Like you wait. Oh my gosh, this is exciting. Well, I have a feeling I'll be chiming in each and every guest. I hope so. You can stick around, right? Yeah, absolutely. Until I say, hey, I'm out.

Okay. And at that point, you just drop everything. You just walk right out of the room. You will hear me say, hey, I'm out. Hey, I'm out. Okay, good to know. All right. Well, let's get to our next guest. She is, I mean, there's no other way to say it in Acrobat, right? She is a person who, oh my god, there's.

Oh, yeah. She's demonstrating here right now. She's flying all around the room. Oh my god.

Bouncing around the room like a dead cannonball. Oh, it's possible.

Mary, Mary Scott. Oh, Mary, Mary. Welcome in Stagmar the Small. Oh, it is me.

Dagmar the Small. Very Mary to you. Very Mary to you. This is Randy Snuts.

Hello. Very Mary to you. Oh, they're all in very Mary. This is Mike. Very Mary the Small.

No, no, I meant this is Mike. Oh, I'm sorry. It's me, Mike Ruby.

Hello. Very Mary to you. The regular. No, leave the steak out of it. No.

Mike Ruby, the leave the steak out of it. Plumb. Hi, nice to meet you. Hello, Mary, Mary.

Oh, it's so good. It's so good to see you and be here.

Could you come out from behind the, oh, there we go. From behind that water bottle. Sorry. So, so hard. Okay, there we go.

Oh, incredibly agile. I'm sorry. I got cut a bit of a wind draft.

Oh my god. Oh, no. I'll turn off the fan. Here we go. All right. There we go.

As you know, I have hollow bone scot. So, sometimes if wind catches me on one of my flips, I can go all the way up to the sky. When are you getting your bones filled? I, maybe I shouldn't say that to you. Dang, Scott. That ain't right. This is Rockman. Like, but, but, but, but, could you, could you consider bone filling? Yeah, like with, with steel or, you know what I thought?

I thought maybe just in my feet. Oh, okay. Do they hurt or?

Not just so that if I want to be planted, I could. But if I wanted to flip very high and take advantage of the wind, maybe if the rest of me was still hollow, it's mostly work.

So the bones being hollow, that helps you out with your agility. Well, I think so. I don't know. You tell me. Oh, I wonder, though, if you had your, tell me, did it help? I don't know.

See, that's the thing I've never seen the opposite. Oh, yeah. You're not seeing many acrobat shows, Scott? I mean, not with Rockman. You gotta see acrobat shows. You haven't seen many acrobat shows? I apologize.

That's one of my New Year's resolutions. I'll see more during that. 2022. Acrobat's for you.

I've always said that. So, Dagmar, what are you doing during the holidays? I mean, this is obviously a special time. It's my favorite time of the year, and I'm so happy to be here.

I'm going home to my native Slovenia soon. Oh, congratulations. That sounds fun. Oh, yes.

Well, there are so many, there are so many beautiful regional traditions, not so much Slovenian traditions, but regional traditions. I see. Okay.

So, do you know about Wunderhaus?

Wunderhaus? No. Wunder elves? Wunder elves? Okay. God, I got excited about Wunderhaus.

They are the legend in my region of the tiny elves who put wonders in your head.

Now, what the hell are you talking about? Thank you. Thank you, Mike, for saying.

Because we all think again. Well, the legend has it that one day a Christmas star exploded, and fell down. The Christmas star, the famous Christmas star? No, just a Christmas star.

Okay, not the one that led to Wunderhaus. Not that you're zero. No, not that you're zero.

I think it was at like 15, 12. Okay. A Christmas star exploded. And the little dust diamonds fell to the ground, and they took root in my region. Every 17 years, they would come out from a burrow, much like a cicada. And then when they would fly around, they'd put the vunders in your head, and this is a Wunder elf year. Very exciting. Are you putting the vunders in our head is the part that I'm looking for? Yeah, that was where we needed more. Oh, you have a Wunder. Did I leave the gas on? That's a Wunder. Oh, so they put sort of lingering thoughts in your head. Oh, one. Oh, I got it. It's not just like a fantasies you would have. No, no, no. It's like, it's like a winner. When I leave my keys, right? They're like, did I talk too loud at that party?

And was anybody interested? Oh, the Wunder elf thought me.

I must have snorted some of these Wunder elves because I'm always asking questions. Yeah. Are you, are you, do you trace your native, your ancestry back to my region? I think I'm like probably pretty Eastern European. Okay, yeah, you might have some Wunder elves in your in your past.

Now that that'd be, that'd be intense and exciting. But it's honestly, it's very fun because only every 17 years, so it's a great bit of build up. So this is happening this year? Oh, yeah, this is a Wunder elf. And this has not happened since 2004. 2004? Five? 2000. Very good mass. Very good mass.

So what happened in 2004? Can you recount what exactly went down then?

Previously on the Wunder elf. In 2004, for me, the Wunder elves put the biggest Wunder they put in my head was should I pursue acrobatics? Or should I follow my family trade? Oh, what was your family trade? Have we talked about this? Bread braiding. Bread braiding.

Okay, you meet meeting those loaves that you see that have like that. Just the braid part. We use our nimble fingers and hollow bones to make all the very good braids. So you're not patience for the rise and the yeasting and the proofing. Oh, so they do not make the bread itself. No, just the braids. Okay.

So a baker would deliver three strands of bread. Yeah. And then you would braid them.

My family would then I was trained to take up such a trade.

But in 2004, I pondered. What did I use? What if I used my hollow bones for something other than braiding?

Yeah. So your whole family has this? This is a congenital.

The hollow bones? Oh, yes.

It is genetic. Okay. Wow. Okay. Well, and had they ever tried acrobatics or? No, I'm the only acrobat in my family that I know of. But maybe that's a wonder. They maybe that's a wonder.

Is there any acrobats in my past? I'm wondering the same thing. Yeah. You got a wonder. It's a voodoo here. I just want to say very married to everyone listening. And don't worry if you have many boonders this year because it's a boonder year. Okay.

So yeah, if you're out there be set by you know, questions of boonders. Yeah, I'm sorry. Yes. But and you're just wondering, should I change my life direction, that kind of thing? Yeah, it could be big, it could be small, but it's just like, wow, there's so many more boonders in my head. I feel like I'm being inundated with boonders. See, I thought it was mercury and retrograde.

I think that's a thing that people just say. They love saying it has no meaning. I'm going to replace. I'm going to start saying it must be the boonders. Well, it has to be one of the years, though. Okay, I can't use it all time. Miss small. May I ask the boonder else? Any relation to the U lands of Iceland? Oh, you know, I think there is some some common court to that legend that perhaps also that exploding Christmas star of the year 1512, maybe landed. I'm sure it cascaded all around many reaches 1512. I'm doing math right now. I try to think of that 17 plus 17 plus 17.

Oh, you're doing all that math right now.

I've only gotten up to 1529. Oh, I'm sure somebody's going to do it. Then they are going to tell us about it. Would you like my towel? Hey, Mike, to take care of this for you. Okay, Mike, please and do the math. Mike, you do the math. Oh, okay. These are matter of you work. I guess that's the right answer. No, I don't know much about the old titled ads of Iceland. The U leds. You led, sorry, sorry. And what what is their whole deal? They like this gang of guys and they harass people and they play tricks on them, but they also leave you gifts in your shoes. Oh, that's fun.

Unless you're wicked and then you get a potato. Are they the year round elves that live in Iceland all the time? That's right. Only do you they come out more at the you will? Yeah, but they don't I think they dress differently. Okay, we all do. We all have our glad tidings that you have.

Yeah, what are you wearing here? This isn't what I mean.

This is a wreath of holly I made.

That's pretty good. Thank you. It hurts a little bit, but it's so festive. That was a hula hoop or something. Oh, yeah, it slipped when I flipped. Right. Now Randy, Randy, are you pissed that we're talking about all these other Christmas traditions? Do you feel like right now those colors are running?

Yeah, I guess they are. I mean, honestly, I've been in my head trying to think of vonderful phrases like, Hey, ain't life vonderful? You know, from Everclear.

I think to myself, but a vonderful world. But also, I was thinking that 30 times 17 is 510, which would be 510 years ago. So 15 12 to 2022 is 510. But it's divided by 17 is 30.

So it's 2021. Oh, oh, I'm sorry.

In my region, we do celebrate Christmas on January 2. Oh, okay, this makes more sense.

Oh, yeah. All right. All right. Well, then I did the math right, but I was somehow still wrong.

Well, we celebrate the four many, many weeks in the culmination is January 6. Okay, yeah.

He'll tight year, wonder elf year, you know, it could be the 21 or 22. Is it a religious holiday there or? Oh, sure. Yeah. But the vonder elf part is not that's not really, no, that's clearly obviously secular. Okay. But Jesus and everything. Oh, yeah, he's there. Yeah. Yeah. Have you incorporated your acrobatics act into the celebration? Do you do sort of a cracker? So, you could be a little nutcracker. Oh, that's a great idea. Well, ever since the last vonder elf year where I left my family trade, I have, frankly, not shown in my acrobatics.

This is our subject. They don't know about this. They know, but they have never seen a show as far as I know, unless they do that thing where they hide in the back and quietly support me.

And you happen to see them in the middle of the performance?

Sometimes I look up and think, hoping I will catch their eye, but they have you seen sister act two? Of course. You know, Lord Hill story where Bob shows up and she goes, I'm so proud of you. Is that what you want to happen? That's exactly. Yes. Wow. But it has not happened. Not that I know of. In case they are playing a long slow game, I don't want to say that they will never show up or have not yet shown up. You're so good at it. I wish they could see you. I mean, they would be so proud of you. I, this trick I actually is inspired by the trade of bread braiding.

Oh, I call it the leg braid.

Oh, I got that for legs. A leg braid. You have a disforhound.

Oh, whoa, whoa. That was incredible. That was incredible.

If I was a bread braider, I would be honored to see that acrobatics. That is very nice. I'm not. And I still.

This is very Mary. Thank you very, very much. I don't even know what I saw, but my mind is blown.

I feel like I just smoked a bowl. But you haven't, right?

No, I haven't. I'm as sober as the day as long, which is 24. He's 24. Well, how do we get your parents to see you? I mean, I guess it's not our responsibility. I guess you could just do this. Well, I mean, I want to help out. I am hoping immediately second. I mean, I mean, it's not really my business anyway. Forget it.

I will. I am hoping that on this vunder elf eve, which is everyone knows, is December 12th.

If I put out enough orange slices with clothes in them and make my vunder elf wish, my vunder elf wish will be for the vunder elves to put a vunder in my parents head. I vunder what Dagmar show is like. Because you can wish vunders. You can vist for vunder. Yes, it's not guaranteed.

You know, this is not some sort of what is it like a 50 50 proposition? Well, I've only been alive with one vunder elf year. Oh, how old are you, by the way?

20 32. Okay. Got it. That's good. Got it. Got it. Yeah.

And that's correct. Yeah. Yeah. 1990. Yeah. Yes. One happened on in 2004. Right. And then before that I was I was not yet on 87. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Great. Great. Is there any missmaul? Is there any ceremony about wishing for wonders like, do you write it on a vunder ball?

You put out the orange slices with clothes and you you you write you you stick them in the vunder ball and the vunder ball is at the center of every town in my region. And yes, and the center of every single town has a big wall. Yes. Well, it's sort of away from the the main area of town sort of like an oasis where you can go away from the main heart of town, put your vunder vision, your vunder ball. And if the vunder elves think that it is worth it from the original star supernova, then well, you might get your wish. Right.

I would like to wish for your parents to get this vunder in their head and then make they'll get a braid some bread. And that bread is going to be the vunder bread. Yes. I just want to get that out there. I want your parents to make vunder bread. That's a great vunder in honor of you. Does your town have a vunder ball?

Let's see. We've been trying to build a wall of vundvarl around the country. That doesn't sound like a vunder ball. Yeah, it hasn't really. It doesn't sound like an oasis. It hasn't really a small wishing wall a vunder ball. Yeah, we wanted to be a little bit bigger. Also, wait, I'm going to start up just as we I think it's a very.

It's really. Is it just Scott and the men who follow this man's limousie? Yes. Yes.

Yeah. Well, tagmark, gosh, I wish they were listening to this right now. Maybe we could put out a who knows. Maybe they're fans. They might be. I've often vundered. Do they know what the podcast is? Yeah, because you've been on. I've been on a few times. Yeah. Five times. Yeah. Yeah.

I think about five times. Yeah. If they're not into gymnastics, I bet they're into comedy bang bang. That's one or the other usually. Well, I see that Venn diagram. They're two separate circles. I'm sorry to tell you. So far away. Will you let us know? Will you let us know if they ever see you? I will very much let you know. Thank you. And mom and dad and brother Gary, if you have already. Gary. Gary the small. Are you are they all smaller? Are they big with hollow?

No, this small is just my stage name. Oh, okay. Yes. My of my family name is Spratz and gorg.

But I guess I was asking if they're actually in gorg. If they're actually physically small. Oh, they are. They are. We are petite people and we they all have hollow bones, but I am the smallest.

You're the smallest one. Okay. Is that because you're the youngest and you're I mean, you're 30.

I'm fully grown. Yeah. How tall how tall are your parents?

My my papa is four eleven and my mama is four ten. Oh, that's the add ten to that and you got something. You know what I mean?

What? Four twenty? Oh, yeah. Oh, my God. Oh, you got you.

It's the hell yeah.

Dude, I walked right into it. And he really lit up when he said four twenty.

This really bit a lot of men. I've been fighting. So much, Matt. Well, I'm hoping that I'm hoping that I just want to say mama, papa and Gary, if you have already seen my show and you were just playing a very long game of quiet support that maybe at the final show, you would say, huh, we've been here all along. We just didn't want to make a big deal of it. I just want to give them the opportunity that is still a thing that could have had. Sure. Yeah. And if you're listening, I mean, listen to her. Are you prepared to do a big? We have to go to a break.

But are you prepared to do a big trick to take us out that people can hear?

Absolutely. I know it's not the same as seeing it, but we'll, I mean, we'll react like it's a big thing. All right. Let me would you turn that fan back on? I'm going to I'm going to take advantage of my hollabones. Yeah. Whoa. Oh, beautiful. Wow. Whoa. Oh, it's like an interpretive thing and it's making me think about my parents. Slagbrade. Armbrade.

Leg and armbrade. That's impossible.

Thank you. Thank you. That's amazing. I feel like I just drank cold medicine on a CBD diet.

All right. Look, we have to take a break. But when we come back, I think more friends are going to be dropping by. And Randy hasn't said I'm out yet. So I'm in. He's in. Yes. He's still sticking around.

All right. We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang holiday episode right after this.

How many bang bang we are back. Of course we have Mike is here. Yeah, of course we have Mike.

I'm sorry. And also Mike is here. Yeah, absolutely. We also have Randy Snuts. And, yes, you want to say something Randy? What's going on? In the immortal words of Marvin Gaye. Let's get it on. And what's this guy? He's going on. He's got to say he had two songs about going on. Yeah, that's true.

He also had let's get it on. And what's going on? Yeah, two songs on. Yeah, that's true.

He didn't have too many songs about being off. No, how many would you say? Probably zero. I guess.

I want to call him. Thank you so much. We also have Dagmar the smallest we came out being on.

Whoa. Very merry. And we need to get to our next guest.

This is a this is someone we've never met before. So this is very exciting to me. Oh, my seventh person. Oh, okay. Here we go. Well, I mean, even if we had met him before, you still would be your seventh person.

I didn't mean to apply that. You had not met the before.

But you said you hadn't.

Okay. Well, he is a mystery writer. Yes, that's correct.

Thank you so much for having me.

Did I wait or wait or wait? No, but I do want to say your name. Oh, yes. Thank you. I thought maybe the name was a mystery as well. Then it quince. Yes, it's a pleasure to be here.

This voice is so much for having me. Very interesting voice.

You think it's it's close to other voices, I believe. Oh, it's that's a day area. Okay. It's nothing I've identified with having an interesting voice. But thank you so much for having. Have you ever been on a podcast like this before? Maybe you've never heard your own voice or a good one? I never have it. I've never listened to my own voice amplified through headphones. That's true. Oh, okay.

Well, what a bit of a bit of a lot. I avoid technology. Why is that? Fear mostly. Fear and security. Like fear like frightening. Like you're frightened by it. It's the other category of fear. Just you're afraid of the implications of it. Oh, the consequences. No, it's very primal.

Skid of shocks of being trapped, getting my fingers chewed up and moored by the devices.

So I'm a writer, you know, pen to paper, longhand. So, you know, I'm David E. Kelly. Sure. I'm never familiar with those proper nouns. You're not familiar with them. Think offenses, David Kelly?

That's exactly right. So you do know who David Kelly is.

What did I go to? Yes.

When I hear a pick, I find says I think Tom Skerrit. Okay.

Oh, who's one? It's another proper noun. I'm not feeling.

What do you mean, mash? Oh, yes. Yes.

Oh, yeah. Anyway, I'm a writer. Technology's not my thing.

I like mysteries. Is that part of your writing technology not being in my worlds, my fictional worlds that I create where I am a god?

I none of the characters have technology. It exists or it does not exist. It is not exist. No, there's no iPhones. What's the most recent invention in your world? Telegraph is the most recent invention. But it's but they are set in a timeline where that is appropriate. 1975. Oh, okay. So people have telegraphs.

People are still receiving telegraph.

Yes. What are you? Where were you trying to stop me from saying? I was anticipating a criticism that did not come. Okay. What was that criticism?

Well, you just sort of. I may levy it at you right now once once you tell it to me. So it's 1975.

Everybody communicates by telegraph.

But that makes sense. It takes place in rural Montana. Well, the phone lines have not been installed yet. Okay. So, by 1975, sorry, Mr. Quince, if I may, by 1975, you're saying no one in rural Montana had a phone. Not in this particular rural Montana that I set my mystery novels.

Where you are a god? Was the phone invented after the telegraph though? Because you said the telegraph was the most recent invention. Uh huh. Never mind.

All right. So, sometimes the logical parsing goes beyond my little luddite head. Oh, okay. But you don't even like these things. So, why are you even writing? Yes. I stay away from it. Even just the particulars of technology it intimidates me. So is this earth though? Like it's called earth or is this a different planet like doon is, you know? I've got yes, it is called earth, but it is implied that it is a subtly different earth where way upstream history took a different path. I see. It's never stated, but I assume that all my characters have three eyes, a third eye right in the middle of the fourth. Like that Twilight Zone. Yep. But it's never brought up. It takes off his hat and there it is.

How how often in your mystery stories, in your mid 70s mystery stories, is the planet referenced?

Let's see. And my most recent one that I'm on here to promote, which is coming out next week, it's a holiday themed mystery. Oh, great. It is referred to in every sentence.

Wait, sometimes like writing, I gotta say, I don't think so.

Is this sometimes just saying like, just like comma on earth comma, right? Or the earthling said, yeah, I don't, could you possibly read an excerpt for us? I read the beginning of the book. I'd love to say the beginning of the book. So I'm this this novel. What's this one called? This is called the blood soaked trail of Santa the Claus. Oh, okay. Blood soaked the trail. Yes, it's a who done it.

And my editor made the decision to give away the answer in the title. So Santa did it or he's slowly dying and somehow I didn't cause do it. No, Santa did it. Well, yeah, I was claspelled. Yeah, I didn't know if it was an idle hand situation. C L A W. It's idle hands. Is that a David Kelly TV show that I'm not familiar with? No, he does a Devin Sauer vehicle.

Was that spelled differently? Whereas ID. Oh, well, uh, an ID ID. ID. Yeah. But why did you bring it up?

Oh, I didn't know if he said he gives it away that Santa is the killer. And I thought, well, maybe there was a twist where it's just Santa's claws acting without the knowledge. Oh, okay.

Would IDOL have made more sense to you? No, because she said she thought it was spelled differently.

Like it was an idle hand situation. I believe Mr. Mike brought that up. She was talking about the plots and I thought she was talking about the title.

Please miss. Well, do not call me Mr. Mike.

I just might the degenerate. That's all. He's just a simple guy who cleans things for a I just clean other people's filth at all. C L A W S was I believe Mike's question. And then I was sort of positing maybe just the hands did it and Santa himself. Yes, you were talking about the plot. I was talking about the title. I was talking about me like I'm crazy, but it really makes sense. All right, I've got a I've got a song for your book. Okay. Oh, that's something I either the book is finished, but here we go. Here we go. I haven't done the audio version yet.

I did it. He did it. And his blood soak stuff is the evidence. Oh, no. Honor. Honor.

And we all have third eyes. Yes. My editor. My editor would like that. He said that I will graph me saying it gets better and better. I like how it's a new melody at the end.

You know, but it's not a weird slam against Mike over here.

I mean, I was I was rapping it up. Yeah, he was right on. Yeah, he was right on pitch. I'm sorry. I thought overly scrutinizing every single thing that was said was the day. So sorry for me to step out of line. What a freak criticizing a decision. Unlike you all just let me get past.

You're a guy we've never met before.

We all know each other. Mr. Quince, come on. Is that really strange? This is a talk show.

People coming up. I'm the only normal one. I'm coming on to promote a piece of media.

Second Mike, what's your deal? Okay. I just first by first by first by I just associate when I see shit. Also, I'm a plumber and I have a 12. Okay.

And what's the logic of that being on a talk show? I need the logic to live my life. It's ever sizing his business. Mr. Quince, if I may, it's not so much that what you do was out of line. It's that you took a big, big swing in his just right. I accept that. I accept that. It happens. Well, thank you for the song. If I ever if I ever get around to doing an audio book, maybe I'll incorporate it. Well, because I'm scared of that technology. Let's not wait any longer. Let's hear the first chapter of this book. The first chapter. How about just the first couple of sentences?

Tell you what, two pages. What a what a compromise.

The blood silk trail of Santa the Claus. It was a cold day in the North Pole comma on Earth.

Wonderful. Very good. When happy the elf scrambled up some eggs.

I noticed unless that sentence is not over yet, it did not mention earth.

It did. It said on earth right in the middle. Did I?

Oh, I'm sorry. Was that that was a comma after honor? Okay.

I thought it was a period.

Oh, I didn't forget my deal. Where was I? Oh, yeah. Just a normal day thought happy as he walked around and then below him on the planet earth, he saw a blood silk body murdered by his boss, Santa Claus. Wait a minute. That's how it opens. Very first sentence.

Yep. End of chapter one.

That's the end of the chapter. My editor is like, you got to give him a grabber.

You know, in today's audiences, they have no attention span.

And I'm like, well, that's the problem with technology. He's like, well, you got to have a short so you very easily could have read the first chapter. I don't know why you were so why are you walking at it? It was only two cents. Well, I just opened up the book to read.

And I forgot we put that break in. Oh, I got to say, I think that is a real grabber. If you were reading a book, a mystery book, the first couple sentences, is that body and a murderer. Yes.

And then it's like, you next page, chapter two. I'm in. I'm in. I'm in chapter two.

Santa Claus securely fastened to the planet earth was mid-coitus with not his wife. What?

Big twist already. First sentence. Betty Quagmire.

A fellow earthling. That's a great light you are. Wait until Santa's in the chapter two.

Santa's in earthling. Yep. We make that decision. Why is he an alien in your continuity? I mean, I guess he was like Thor where he's an alien from another planet. The world that was a god. He's just an over-embitious human being. Oh, okay. Super productive.

Now the second chapter also is just a sentence long. At this point as the reader, I'm thinking, is this a children's book? This seems pretty grim for kids.

It's just a fast-moving mystery story. How many pay pages and how many chapters? How many chapters?

22 pages. 22 pages. Wow. So they have multiple chapters per page. Yep.

Sometimes they have multiple chapters a page. This will be like the longest book I've ever read.

Oh, okay. Not much of a reader, are you? Not really. I mean, I start things and I set them down and I've been criticized a lot for it. Anyway, continue. Would you set down this book though if you were reading it? No way. I'd fly through it because it's getting to the point, right? It's grabbing me.

Every single chapter is succinct. Plus it's reminding me that it's on Earth. No. Sorry. My hands got caught in the microphone. Okay. Yeah, I guess you shouldn't be around technology.

So I'm not good at it. You know what? I like to read books by going to the last page, reading the last few sentences. Do you mind if we do this?

I don't see why not. This is what we are doing. Let me see how this thing lands. To the end of page 22. And so the mayor of Des Moines said to the people around him all standing on the planet Earth, you were right. I'm a jerk.

Oh, wow. So that's the mayor of Des Moines admits he's a jerk. But now to me, the fun is how did we get to that point? So you got to get from a happy male discovering a dead body murdered by Santa to the mayor of Des Moines. And I don't know if you know this, generally a prideful person. Mayors, they don't like to apologize. They don't like to admit that.

They're wrong. Despite Santa's murder or murders, it sounds like the mayor is the villain of this story. Well, I see he's the protagonist. He's got the emotional journey to go on. I see from a non humble arrogant mayor to one who will admit he's a jerk. Is he the one in charge of the investigation or something? How does it come to very late in the story?

He's the chapter 145 earlier that page.

Wow. The mayor of Des Moines enters. Here's what I think is a lot of my favorite detail so far.

And I do think it's a critical part of the mystery we need to think about. Okay.

Is that happy the reindeer was scrambling? Oh, the elf was scrambling up some eggs.

That was also my favorite part. That's an interesting part.

I don't think of elves of having eggs. I don't think of them thinking about what they love.

Chapter 10. You love chapter 10. I'll flip right to it.

Happy the elf.

Flip, try to it. Walked about the earth. Oh yeah. I'm great at finding chapters.

No problem. What was I? Chapter 10. You're bad at technology but finding chapters in a book.

Because it's paper. Yes. It's an old technology. I feel comfortable. Paper, scrolls, stone walls. That's a declaration of independence.

I would crush with the deck. Yeah. Tactile stuff. You're a hands man. I'd like to think so. Yeah. That sounds incredibly creepy the way you're putting it. But I guess that's true.

You're right with your hands, don't you?

I certainly got you there, Mr. Kraff. Yeah. I'm wrong. I'm a jerk. I'm right with my hand. You're so defensive. Am I? Are you kind of a... Is this mayor character kind of you and you at the end of the book saying everyone's right. I'm a jerk. Is that just you? Yeah. You know, every book, the characters are all a facet of the authors. So yes, there's part of me who needed to admit that he did that. Great. Now, reach chapter 10. Chapter 10.

Happy the elf walking about on the planet Earth helped himself to another helping of scrambled eggs, fried tomatoes, a couple of beets, squeezed, pomegranate juice, and hunk-a-ham. That's a wild ride for me. That was a great one.

That was a single part of that list, do I imagine an elf having. And so for me... The juice actually, I could see. Yes, for a moment, I thought if he says orange juice, I'm still out. But pomegranate, with very small seeds in their small whimsical hands. That's a superfood.

Mr. Quince, when you say that he's walking about on Earth, do we ever narrow it down to a specific reading? Yeah, that's true. Or is the reading of the one? I would assume. Well, Des Moines is very specific, right? In that case, we do know that Happie's in the North Pole, it's said earlier.

On Earth. Oh, I don't apologize. In the chapter, I don't know if he moves. In that case, it is narrow down. All right. Why do often we don't get any more specific than just saying they're on Earth?

Why did you... Is this one not in rural Montana where they don't have phones?

Most of the action is in rural Montana. That's where my detective, who's in every single one of my mystery novels... He's the protagonist then. Or is that...

Or is she? Or is that... Who is the meta protagonist across? But just like some Sherlock Holmes stories would focus on like Irene Adler or something. Is that one of your influences Sherlock Holmes? Never heard of him.

That's very strange. I swear you just mentioned it. Wait, so you think... I don't mean to nitpick. I know that happens on the show. That's a big thing for you.

Who had that? Who have you ever heard of?

Who have you talked about? I feel like you just associated there for a second.

No, I've never heard of him. I don't know why I mentioned him. Or Irene Adler, who I don't know.

Can we get a chapter that mentions a telegraph going through or something like that?

Yeah, sure. I'd love to hear a telegraph. We've got to introduce this protagonist because I have no idea who was this person. The detective who's in all of my novels? Yes, is there a telegraph and protagonist detective? Yes, I can feel it. A Marlow situation? Yes, I got right here.

For Jewel Poirot. So watch this. Chapter six. Chapter six.

No problem. Jack Reacher.

Deep in rural Montana nestled securely within the surface of planet Earth.

Fuel. I've noticed you get it out of the way early, most of the time.

A lot of commas. A lot of sentences are like traps where if you save it till the end, you have no way out. Oh, I hate those traps sentences. Yeah, well, you know, since I know my readers enjoy it, I like to deliver it early. Also, I don't want to distract them too much waiting for it. Like a hedge cock cameo. Exactly. You're always on edge going like there is Alpurn.

So a lot of times you have a lack, Ryan. Yeah. All right.

Would you ask for my check, Ryan? Well, check Ryan. He's another one of those guys. Anyways, what were you saying? I forget. Sorry, Mike. You just now chiming in another protagonist. That was a little series of novels.

That was a little late.

Okay. All right. Chapter six, Deep in rural Montana nestled securely within the surface of planet Earth. We have a surface that has always working on a case. Our hero, second detective, boobs. Boobs, ribs, ribs, second detective, boobs, ribs, had another file crosses death, covered in my life. I'm never going to see the white man.

Wow. Boobs, ribs, you ran to the telegraph. What a twist. Oh, there's new sense. Yep. He ran to the telegraph and sent a message to his boss who also lived dot dot dot on Earth dot dot dot chapter seven. Wow.

Yeah. You're seven. I got to ask you a question here. Boobs, rinse. Any fail hard of it.

What body of personality is boobs, rinse? You said that this all came from your person. Boobs, rinses, boobs, rinses, the confident part of me. You know, the swaggering, kick open the saloon doors with both your knees, walk in and take over the room.

Is it a man who is okay with the nickname? Is it a nickname?

That's what I wanted to know.

No, give him name. Oh, give him name. My apologies, Mr. Quits.

Not at all. Is it short for something? Yes. It is short for boobs, Azingas.

I can see why you're short.

Yeah.

Who's Azingas? Who's Azingas? Right. It's a Welsh name.

Who's Azingas rinse? I don't want to depict that.

Yeah. Why did you get into writing? I mean, it doesn't seem like you're a spin.

It doesn't took to it. You know, I won an essay contest. I was in.

You did? What was the essay that you wrote?

The essay was why Jimmy Carter is my hero. Oh, okay.

I was.

Was he still in office at the time?

Not at all. Who's a couple years ago?

I wrote this in 1996.

It's interesting.

Okay.

But I had read about the Habitat for Humanity, which is the charity that former president Carter headed up and I just thought it was great.

And so I wrote an essay. My teacher thought it was wonderful, made it into the local paper, got submitted to a series of essay contests. Later that year, I was in third grade, I was editing the Paris review.

And third grade.

And I decided to become a writer.

Yep, that's right.

Wow.

You know, a lot of people say.

The Paris review was taking a lot of swings that year.

So they hired a third grader.

They're like, we got to get to my boss.

An American third grader.

Yep, they had an American third grader.

Me, I put on, you know, it was an all drawings issue of the Paris review.

So you were not interested in writing then.

You just did write, you did drawings.

Is there a rare for someone in our generation to not like technology, Mr. Quince?

Yes, I was different than a lot of my generation.

It's true.

I stood out.

What can I say?

Some people are different and I'm one of them.

I'm still hung up on boobs rinse.

Were you at the shower, rinsing your boobs?

And then you thought, I got some swagger right now with these clean titties.

And then you said, oh, that's a good character name.

Clean titties.

No, maybe it's boobs.

That's exactly it.

I got it.

You nailed it, Mike.

I knew it.

I mean, he takes showers a lot.

So he's.

I'm in the shower all the time.

Your pubber, is that right?

That's right.

Oh, yeah.

You seem it.

I don't know what that means.

That seems like a slam.

What is going on with my company?

You haven't met any of us.

I don't know.

I've never been in an argument in my whole life.

This is an interesting day for me.

It's like you're coming for our next room.

I never knew meeting people could take such a turn.

Yeah.

Yeah, you haven't met too many people, but sometimes it ends up like this.

A true asshole just wants to do it.

Ooh, and that sounds like the beginning of a novel.

A true asshole enters.

Sometimes it ends up like this.

A true asshole.

Yeah, it's confusing unless you add on earth.

On earth.

Yeah.

On earth.

Just a sci-fi asshole walks right in the door.

Yeah.

This is a door.

This is a good, good book.

I'm going to get to write this down.

Good, good book.

Get out my scroll.

Oh, it's not even a pad.

Yeah.

My nib of my pen.

We don't need to hear the entire process.

Let's do a ballpoint.

Well, now hold on.

Sarah, I'm watching.

Right down the beginning of this.

Sometimes this is how it happens.

A true asshole on earth.

On earth.

Oh, okay.

So I got it.

Got you.

Okay.

So I moved the on earth a little later.

Yeah.

I noticed, but you took some liberties with it.

I liked it though.

Well, I'm just revising as I go.

All right.

So do you have a plot in mind for this book or because we were running it?

We need to get to our next guest.

Let's say no.

Do you just want to write it?

Well, we tell you what, by the end of the show, I'd like to hear some of this book.

I'll work on it.

Thank you very much.

Yeah, okay.

That would be great.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

Yeah.

Of course.

Great to see you.

Happy holidays.

And also with you.

Thank you so much.

And the very nary.

Oh, thank you.

You're not as much of an asshole when you're being nice to everyone.

Let's get to our next guest.

She's a kind of an investigator a lot like Boobs Rinse.

In a lot of ways.

Yeah.

I mean, yeah, she's out there.

Are we talking about boobs being rinsed?

Okay.

We are chief.

I'm chief is here.

From the Isle of Toyland.

With the babes, boobs.

Stay rinsed.

Chief, it's so great to see you.

It's so great to see you.

Greetings, gumshoot.

Greetings, greetings, chief.

Greetings, chief.

Greetings, everyone.

And do everyone a greeting.

Give everyone a greeting.

Greetings to you, to you, to you, to you, to you.

Very merry.

Hello.

How are you doing, chief?

How are you doing?

Doing really good.

Happy holidays to you.

It's so good to see you.

Happy holidays to you, Scott.

I've been in the same room with you.

I mean, you've been traveling all over the world.

All over the world.

Oh, where is it?

It has been a mini moon.

Yes.

It has been a mini moon.

Yeah.

One mini moon.

It has been one mini moon.

One unit of mini moon.

One unit of moon.

A moon unit?

A moon unit.

One moon unit of mini.

It's so lovely to see you all.

Are we going to get past the greeting part?

Hello.

What are you doing here, chief?

Good morning.

It's great.

Yes.

All of all of the above.

Good night.

Covering all of his bases.

Which, if you're in a baseball game, you wanted to do.

Good morning.

Yes.

Hey, chief.

Good afternoon.

Good afternoon to you.

Okay.

Well, I have to go now.

Oh, chief, stay.

Please, please.

Chief, chief, what have you been up to?

I mean, it's been, it's been a one unit of mini moon.

One unit of mini moon.

I have been traveling the world.

Scrounging and scrounging.

Scrounging too.

Can you believe it?

Finding that bellicose Belarus.

Looking, searching, wishing, hoping, praying.

To find that damn garments and the other.

Oh, you got it.

Of course.

You got this.

Oh, no, I have to go.

No, please.

I have a flight to catch.

You do.

No, where are you?

Can I ask you, how is it hard traveling with all these travel restrictions and all this shit going on?

Well, let me tell you something.

I hate wearing a mask.

Oh, okay.

Maybe we should be here and remember to wear a mask.

You like wearing a mask.

I mean, I don't like it, but I do it.

All I said was that I don't like it.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

I didn't say that I didn't do it, but do you do it?

Don't put words in my mouth and don't cover them with a mask.

So you don't.

So you don't wear a mask.

I do wear a mask.

I have to.

I follow the rules.

Okay.

I have to travel so much.

Are you one of these people that's been kicked off the planes that we've been reading?

I've been kicked off of multiple planes.

Duct tape to carry its reasons.

Oh, really?

What are the reasons?

But rinsing my boobs.

Yeah, we were not allowed to do that.

See, that's a distillie name after.

Watching porn.

Jesus.

I thought I had a clue.

It went from watching porn, do they kick you right off?

There was no just.

Well, in the middle of the flight, they just kick you off.

Kick me right off.

They throw me a parachute and they kick me out there.

They throw it to you.

Wow.

They throw it.

I have to put it on while I'm falling.

Because when they kick you off, then they don't.

Because they would fall at the same rate of anyway.

And the feather in the bag.

Yeah, that's true.

All right.

But so you still have not found Carmen saying.

Still have not found that baleful bitch.

It's been years at this point.

Years.

Years on years on years.

And I thought I saw a clue in the pornographic film I was watching on the plane.

That's why you were watching research.

Oh, okay.

What was the clue?

Did you explain?

Oh, sorry.

Who has a question?

I have a question.

My question.

Sorry.

We all have questions.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

But did you explain to the flight attendants?

I'm doing research.

Yes.

I took my mask off.

I explained.

Oh, yeah.

I might have been it.

What?

Why is everybody so woke today?

Oh, no.

We're going to talk about dancing culture.

Nobody likes wearing a mask.

Sure, but I mean, I don't know.

No, and say it's got.

But we do it in order to protect other people.

It's mostly on a planet.

Why, Scott?

Is that why we do it?

Yes, it is.

Well, I've had COVID four times.

Well, that's not good.

That's not good.

You spread it to way too many people.

I kept coming back to me full circle.

I'm glad you haven't found Carmen Sandiego because she'd be infected.

Oh, Carmen Sandiego.

She's immune.

Wait.

She's immune.

Yes.

What do you think she has the cure?

But she won't give it to the world.

She is the cure.

Yes, this is huge.

She's kind of a last of us situation.

That is what is the referee?

That is a video game.

Yeah, that is a video game.

You don't play video games.

I don't play video games.

I'm not a child.

What if they've clues in them?

Who?

I'm with you, Chief.

The only video game I ever play is a good round of stick ball.

Yes.

What's your name?

It's not a video game.

Who are you?

I bet stick ball is the name of...

Bennett Quince.

Yeah, yeah.

You can call him.

I'm familiar with your work.

Oh, you've read this?

Thanks.

You've read Quince?

Yes, I read them on the plane.

I take my mask off.

Okay.

I can read them aloud.

Just to read...

Oh, wait.

Do you have the mask over your eyes?

You might be wearing the mask wrong, which is why you don't like it.

Yes.

I wear two masks.

Because that's what they say you have to do.

Everybody's woke now.

No one is saying to wear two masks.

You have to wear a mask over your eyes, over your mouth.

No one is saying to me.

The vegan knows it's most.

Now, Chief, can I ask you a question?

Please.

I don't know you that well.

What's your business with Common San Diego?

What do you need for me?

I'll tell you what my business is.

That woman has evaded me for years.

I'm in law enforcement.

Okay.

Blue Lives Matter.

Oh, my God.

But what have you done?

Is she a criminal?

Didn't have to say that at all.

That didn't need to be in there.

But you still haven't really answered why.

What has she done?

That's a bunch of statements that are kind of unconnected.

You're in law enforcement.

She is a criminal.

That Boris Velociraptor.

Honestly, she sounds like Carissa.

I know she's broken the law.

Really?

Yeah.

So I support your quest.

Maybe Carissa is Carmen San Diego.

Where was that about this?

Yeah.

She doesn't have the style to pull that off.

Oh, yeah.

I want to thank you for having the guts to call Velociraptor's Borsh.

Boris Velociraptor.

It's a different animal.

I retract my statement.

It is.

If you can't tell us what Carmen San Diego has done, that makes her a criminal.

She has stolen monuments all over the world.

Stolen monuments.

Yeah.

Are those monuments still where they are?

They say Louis Arts.

Okay.

So I could probably go see that tomorrow if I wanted to.

Oh, could you?

Do you have the money?

Oh, must be nice.

Oh, hi.

Louis, anytime you want.

Hi.

Wow.

That company I could buy a domestic flight to Saint Louis.

And I bet you'll be wearing your mask.

Sheep.

All right.

That means.

Wow.

Chief.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I thought you said chief.

No.

Sheep.

Chief.

The chief.

Chief.

Are there any other criminals that you currently trying to track down?

Is it only Carmen San Diego?

Stolen.

Carmen San Diego.

Just one.

Sir, you're a chavare type person.

Yeah.

From from a famous.

Wow.

Tommy Lee Jones from The Fugitive.

Yes.

More my speed.

Oh, yeah.

Not a musical fan.

I hate music.

You hate music in general?

All of it.

Except rockabella.

She's a great fan.

That is great.

How do you feel about pentatonic?

They're just a cheap ripoff.

Of rockabellas.

Of my friends, rockabella.

Oh, your actual friends with him.

Yes.

What about the Manhattan transfer?

They had music behind it.

There wasn't a cappella.

That's a really good point.

They did sing in great harmony.

But it's true.

But not a cappella.

Where did you get to meet rockabella?

They were the musical, the band on my show.

They were the band.

Oh, they were.

They sang the song.

Where in the world is Carmen San Diego?

What is your experience of rockabella?

Apart from where in the world is coming from?

Hearing about them as a reference.

Chief, where did you get to meet rockabella?

I wrote a Folger's commercial for them.

But it didn't come out until years after.

How did it go?

What?

You do commercials too.

The Folger's commercial?

Yeah.

You want me to sing it?

Yes.

Every day I wake up, pour myself a cup of that rich Folger's aroma.

The best part of waking up, it's that do I do I've been all I do.

The amount I'm gonna roll my allways coming through.

Oh, the best part of waking up, Folger's in your cup.

Fake it.

That's a part of waking up, it's Folger's in your cup.

Hey, then did you have a problem with that?

Wait, why would I?

It's the way he sang that.

Yes, I do.

Mic number two, smug delivery.

I cannot score with Mr. Quince to disguise.

It's a tough cookie.

Well, Chief, I hope you find her.

I will find that defamatory dominatrix is the last thing I do.

I have a feeling it might be the last thing you do.

Probably will.

It's taking me so much.

It's a die in the process.

Yeah.

You want to write down all these things you call her.

Like put them in a book somewhere.

You know what I mean?

All these things you come up with, you should write them down.

Oh, a pamatory dominatrix.

That's good.

A book.

I could be a writer.

What do you think, Scott?

I mean, if this guy could do it, I mean, he's a real asshole.

I mean, you're a nice person.

Excuse me, a true asshole.

I know this is the first part of your book.

So yeah, you should.

You must read his works.

Thank you.

It's always nice to meet a fan.

You sound like an author to me.

I think you'd make a wonderful author.

One question.

Please.

What planet is Carmen Sandiega-wan?

Do you have that narrow down?

Yeah, you know, what world is the where in the world?

She did get lost in space and time at one point.

Really?

Space and time.

Yes.

But she's back on Earth now.

That's what I needed to know.

Wait, are you writing Carmen Sandiega into this book?

I might do a little offshoot, a little spin off.

Because she's licensed.

We can't have characters from Carmen Sandiega popping up and other things that aren't Carmen Sandiega, right?

Yes.

I mean, watch me.

I'm going to have Carmen Sandiega meet most of the cast of Picket Fences.

Ah, I was good friends with Zelda Rubenstein.

Man, I'd love to be at a cocktail party at your place.

Rock-a-pella, Zelda Rubenstein.

You.

So who's who?

You know, who's not there?

Carmen Sandiega.

Oh, that's true.

I know we'll probably head into a break, Mr. Rock-a-man, but I gotta ask, if you lost in space and time, okay?

So you're not out on Earth anymore.

You're traveling to another planet.

Then you find out it's like the past.

Yeah, it's like Mars in 570 AD.

Yeah, like, yes, that sucks.

Still Romans everywhere.

I'm on.

Exactly.

Take a place.

I thought again.

I thought you were about to break out into a rap there for a second.

Still Romans everywhere.

And they got big spears like they just don't care.

Something like that.

Yeah.

Are you musical?

That sounded really good, Mike.

I should do a musical commercial, should not.

You should.

A musical commercial.

Soldiers is always looking for submissions.

I guess maybe he thought for his own company.

Maybe I used the Folges jingle.

Folges is the only company that has an open door policy for submissions, right?

They'll take fans submissions.

Yes, constantly.

Well, look, Chief, we have to go to a break.

Can you stick around?

I must leave.

But I can also stay.

OK, well, pick one and we'll see where you are after the break.

We'll find out.

Yeah, we'll.

Scott, I am starting my process.

I am getting the call.

I do have to answer the call.

You're answering the call right now?

Like a lady goes, clusters?

Yeah.

Someone's bathroom where?

Somebody's bathroom.

It says on Earth, it says it's from Koolop.

She says, oh, come on.

Scott, ockerman, left a huge butt.

There's shit everywhere.

OK, Scott.

I got to answer the call and stop my living step process.

So I do have to get out of this.

Mr. Rockman, I have to go too.

I think we're going to try it.

We're going to try it.

OK, see what?

Yeah, see how it will go.

I'm going to go clean up your shit.

And you're a bathroom.

I'll give you a paycheck.

And I'm going to go in there and make sure the plumbing still acts.

Wait, I thought you fixed it.

You didn't just make sure things still worked.

You look.

You fuck around.

I might burn your house to the ground.

OK, all right.

Sorry, sorry, sorry, sorry.

All right, we need to take a break.

But when we come back, Randy Snuts will be here.

We have Bennett Quince, you know.

He's a T-snow-beak.

Dagmar the Small Plus.

Oh my god, we have so many more guests.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We are back.

We have Randy Snuts here.

Oh, they're going.

I'm still in.

He's still in.

OK, he's going to say I'm out at a certain point.

I'm in it to win it until I'm out to lose.

All right, here we go.

We also have Dagmar the Small.

Oh, wow.

Wow.

Wow, still doing acrobatic and still very out of breath.

It seems like any trick makes you incredibly out of breath now.

It takes very a lot.

Yeah, a lot of breath.

Yeah, to do these things.

We also have Bennett Quince is here.

Hello.

Still working on his book.

Still working on it.

Yeah.

How far are you at this point?

I'm the only 10 chapters in, so I still got a place to go.

Only 10, OK.

Yeah, still got about 12 to go.

We also have Chief is here.

Greetings, Gomchoo.

Greetings.

Yes.

Have you ever thought Chief about maybe going home?

That's the one place that you haven't been in so long.

Maybe she's just waiting for you there.

Oh, that'd be nice in my bedroom.

I didn't say that, but just.

Wait a minute.

Finging it.

Wait a minute.

So are you thinking that too?

Because I mean, you've been chasing after Carmen San Diego.

Is there something sexual going on?

Nothing sexual.

How dare you?

You are looking for clues in that porn.

How do you know what porn is?

I'm 32.

I'm just quite small.

I wouldn't mind hearing a couple chapters from this porn that Chief was watching.

You want to just hear the porn?

Yeah, just give us one chapter.

One chapter.

Chapter one.

The woman was making a little eggs.

Wow, very similar.

I didn't write this.

When she opened up the kitchen closet, noticed that she had no more onion powder.

So what did she read of porn?

A lot more details come forward.

Then when you just watch them.

I know, but I'm hardly ever looking at the backgrounds and all of the furniture.

Flock is important in every film.

Yeah.

Was that the end of the chapter?

The end.

Oh, no.

That's how I wanted it.

Every chapter ends with the end.

Wow.

What a chapter two.

A lot of the action is not on the page.

Chapter two.

The beginning.

Oh, okay.

Okay, let's start.

Let's get started.

Yeah.

Well, look, speaking of getting started.

I'm going to get you wrapped here.

Yeah.

Oh, hi.

I'm going to interrupt, Scott.

Hi.

Excuse me.

We're in the middle of a show.

I know.

I know I'm making kind of the documentary about the making of this story.

Oh, you're part of the documentary crew?

Yeah.

Well, I'm the director of the film, Scott.

Oh, you look familiar to me.

We spoke over email.

It's me, Michael Lindsey Hogg.

And I'm just wondering here.

I mean, you've got a fair fun.

You're the third mic on this show.

I wish, uh...

Oh my gosh.

I mean, the other two left.

Oh my gosh.

I mean, that is good.

Both of those things were surprising to you.

First that they were here, then they left.

That is true storytelling.

And that would have been wonderful for the documentary.

Yeah.

To have three mics in one room.

I know.

I mean, who are we, uh, Neil?

Oh...

Huh?

Neil?

Huh?

Dave Chappelle's friend, Neil.

Brandon.

Who are we?

Neil, Brandon?

I don't know what you're trying to say.

This next special was entitled, Three mics.

Three mics.

Oh, okay.

You're a fan?

Big fan.

I got the only time I turn on Netflix is to watch it Neil Brennan's special.

I like, I like biting one-liners.

Well, that's only one third of the special.

Do you even...

That's the only part I liked.

Do you even understand biting one-liners?

Nice Twitter.

That's...

Scott.

This is the type of...

Yes, Dave.

This is the type of...

You look really familiar.

I mean...

If you've watched the new Beatles documentary, get back.

Oh!

I was the one putting in the footage.

You know, I thought it was...

Yeah, you're the original editor.

That director...

Yeah.

Now, I've tried to direct this special, and I'm just wondering, you've got a lot of drama.

You've got a lot of interest here.

But for the film, it might just feel like we're not there yet.

Oh.

You know what I mean?

I just think we need our big ending.

Well, we haven't ended yet.

So why would we be at the end?

Wondering what your plans are here.

I mean, we're here in the...

We hardly ever plan anything.

Have you listened to this show ever?

I mean, no.

But...

Not sure why you're directing this other than...

Well, just, you know, pedigree probably.

It's...

We're here in the Earwolf Studios here on Sunset.

I'm just wondering, I mean...

Don't give away the address, by the way.

Don't bleep it.

Leave it in.

I will not be bleeped.

Well, our editing machine is broken, so we can't, you know.

Well, that's right.

I just wondering, you know, this is something, but couldn't we take this somewhere else?

A little more exciting?

Okay, what do you have in mind?

Olivia or something like that?

Olivia, this is the same thing that you were suggesting to the Beatles.

Going to Libya.

It's my genius move, and nobody likes the idea.

Who wants to go to Olivia?

2000 Arabs outside.

They don't speak English.

You're doing improv character-based comedy.

Yeah.

No, thank you.

Okay, Scott.

Well, I'm just saying, I don't want to interrupt the film.

You have interrupted the film.

I'm not even here.

So, your wants have gone unrequited.

Well, I am sorry, I'm not even here, but it's...

You are here.

You're talking to me.

I'm not even here, you know.

Don't pretend I'm not here, because I have some mics hidden around and everything like that.

Yeah, we have only 12 mics in the room.

Why did you hide any?

Well, there's...

Scott, I fell into this flower pot, and I found the microphone.

Oh my god, you're so loud.

Whoopsies, I've been caught.

Why did you put a hidden microphone in the flower pot?

Flowers go in there.

Well, those aren't flowers.

If you smell them, those are all little microphones.

Oh god, they smell like microphones.

You never know...

Disgusting.

You never know what you're going to catch.

Hey, wait a minute, I just found a microphone in my pocket.

Why did you put a microphone in my pants?

Okay, well, there you go.

That wasn't your penis the whole time.

That was a little microphone.

Let me get it out.

Why did you put a little microphone there too?

She's so much.

She's horny.

Please leave that microphone in case there's some trauma.

I mean, we're building towards something.

Imagine this, Scott.

We do the finale outside.

I don't know, Mexico City, 2000 Mexicans.

They don't speak a lick of English.

Keep stopping.

And they're there for the final holiday episode of 2021.

This is your only idea.

No.

But putting something in a place where no one wants to see them.

Okay, I think a lot of people would find it very incredible.

What's so special about having 2000 of something?

Why is it just the number that comes to me?

It just feels like the perfect number.

I mean, when I was working on with the stones, we had two...

What'd you do with the stones?

I don't know.

That thing that I made John Lennon do the intro for.

Oh, right.

Play it straight, ladies and gentlemen.

Rock and roll circus.

Yes, thank you.

My memory has gone in my old age.

You are very old.

You're in your 80s.

You're a Baron, I believe, now.

I was surprised to find you hadn't been run out of the business after that Beatles.

I don't know what are you talking about.

If they didn't let me do...

I hate to repeat myself here.

Three songs.

2000 Arabs.

Five-day boating trip on the Queen Elizabeth II.

By the way, that was the 60s when you were saying 2000 Arabs.

I don't think we should be saying it like that now.

That's where that's what they're from.

It's not like I'm saying some sort of offensive term for them or anything.

Yeah, I just don't like it.

Yeah.

We're near the children's hospital in Los Angeles.

We get comedy bang bang onto the burn ward.

Not the weird ones, not the ugly ones.

No.

Scott Ockerman walking through burnt children, shaking their little hands.

No, that would hurt their hands.

Well, high-fiving them, Scott.

No, that would also hurt their hands.

I'm not even here, Scott.

I just think we need a big finale around the corner, okay?

Okay, look, we'll try to do something.

Maybe we'll go up on the roof or something?

I'm so sorry.

Michael, can I interrupt here?

Do you have to smoke?

Oh, sure.

Why would that be any different biniquence?

Do you have to smoke your cigar quite so close to you?

Yeah, you're right next to the mics.

I hang lip on this cigar.

It's right in my mouth and I hang lip and I get close.

That's how we did it when we were in the studio.

Is that a new technology phrase that I don't know?

Hang lip.

You know where it's hanging off your lip?

Yeah, you shouldn't be smoking right next to all of the equipment.

Yeah, you can smoke in the back of my limo.

I drove it here.

We got some nice whiskey to go with that stogie, my friend.

Now that's the kind of offer I love.

You and me in the limo.

Two thousand Arabs.

All right, it's a big car, but you can't fit 2,000 people in there.

All right, see, it's all no men and women around here.

I need some yeses, okay?

Okay, I'll say yes to one idea.

Great.

How about this?

Okay.

We are not too far.

Don't want to reveal location.

From the old upright scissors brigade on sunset, the roof is empty.

We go up there.

We put the podcast mics up.

It's freezing cold.

Yeah, I don't like that part of it.

But it can see your faces.

They can barely hear you.

Yeah, you know, I was surprised when I watched this documentary.

I always had the impression that they were playing on the roof and everyone could see that.

You too, you were there.

I re-watched it.

I was like, we should have moved them forward or had them lower up.

Yeah, exactly.

It was very weird.

Well, if it wasn't for those two little cops with their helmets and their mouths, do you still keep in touch with them?

Oh, every day.

Yeah.

Every day.

I mean, we built quite a relationship because...

They were hanging lip with that.

We were hanging lip with those little hats.

Okay, fine.

These are all specific get-back references about it.

How about this?

We're not too far from central casting.

Okay.

You, everybody in the room.

Okay.

Tiny acrobat.

Chief.

Guy who hates his ex, but sometimes lovers.

Rancer.

Right.

And then...

Roasty writer over here.

Yeah, thank you.

That's why you call him Roasty.

Because he was roasting everybody.

He was roasting everyone.

He was the only one coming in here as the one who wanted some reason.

Let everyone play, dude.

Came in hot.

Called everybody out.

The most aggressive one in the room.

That's me.

That's always you.

We're all there.

Central casting.

Everybody out front there for an audition.

Probably for Narcos.

None of them speak a lick of English background.

This is with you and the like...

I don't know.

Nameless faceless people who don't speak English.

Stop being woke, Scott.

I'm just saying you're using them as props.

You're like, they're not in...

No, no, it's part of the scenery.

Ow!

Just cut my hands on this microphone.

Oh, sorry.

Yeah.

Why are you playing with that microphone in your pants?

This is a different microphone, Scott.

Oh, okay.

This is not the microphone in my pants.

I'm not even here.

I love smart phones.

I wish you were not here.

To maybe catch a little drama here.

Because we're doing a documentary.

No, I know we're doing a documentary.

I'm sorry.

I'm almost sorry that I agreed to it.

But look, I'll say yes to one of your ideas.

Just hit me with some along the way here.

Okay.

Absolutely.

If anything ever comes to you.

All right.

Yes, I'm not even here.

But you're not here.

Yeah.

Okay.

But I will talk to you and act like you are here if you ever talk to me.

I'm not even here, Scott.

Okay, great.

All right.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

Ah!

Is that something he did?

Or you did?

No, I just need to clear my throat.

I'm not even here.

Okay, you're not here.

All right.

Camera?

I wonder if that was Scott's canon.

Let's get camera on Scott's face.

Well, we need to talk to our next guest.

Special Scott's face is our camera here.

It is the holidays.

And what would a holiday episode be without talking to someone very specific to the holiday?

And I'm assuming they are because they are a reindeer.

So please welcome to the show, Crapy the reindeer.

Flip, clip, clip, clip, clip.

Oh my gosh.

Crapy.

That was, that was, uh, uh, I heard two distinctive sounds there.

The sound of your, your, or do you call them hooves or?

Yeah, my hooves.

Your hooves.

Yeah, the first sound was me approaching.

And that next sound was a fart.

Oh, it was a fart.

It was not a, nothing came out though.

Other than air.

No.

Nothing but net.

Okay.

Nothing comes out but air is just a fart.

Okay.

I just, your name is Crapy.

So I thought.

Yeah, I know.

That's it.

Yeah.

Because every reindeer, every reindeer, we don't, nobody names us.

Oh.

So how did you get that name?

Oh.

Self-named or?

No.

We, you.

Oh.

So no one's named you and you haven't named yourself.

That's right.

And yet I'm calling you Crapy.

Well, that's my name.

But, but, but, but, but, but the thing about reindeers, we're all, we all have names.

That's a magical thing.

We all, we have names.

Oh.

We come into the world having names.

Having names like magic.

Oh, okay.

I see.

And I'm Crapy and I'm my, my siblings are Cupid and Comet.

Oh, yeah.

I know those guys.

Yeah.

They're so good.

Yeah.

They're part of Santa's team.

And I was supposed to be, but I have a terrible sense of direction.

Oh, okay.

Like, where am I pointing right now?

Today.

Yeah.

It checks out.

And you know, I did, he tried, he gave me a fair shake.

You know, he let me get up there with the team and I, and I'm.

He took the out one.

So it was this on Christmas Eve or?

No, this was in one of our training sessions.

They train 11, well, they train 11 months out of the year.

Okay.

And so I.

What do they do during the other month, minus one day?

Oh, they go to the Bahamas.

Oh, okay.

It's a little vacation right after Christmas day.

Yes.

Yeah, then they earned it.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

So December 25 through January 25 Bahamas.

And then training?

December 26th.

Oh, yeah.

And then training.

Well, wait, what are they doing on December 25?

Because they're usually delivering the presents on the 24th.

All right.

What happens on the 25th?

Well, yeah.

It takes them so long to get back up.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

It's a big trip.

Yeah.

It's a day trip.

You know, the jet stream.

Oh, yeah.

So and then you're tired when you get home.

Exactly.

It's like you take a nap.

Yeah.

Okay.

But so that one time that I went up there with them, you know, Rudolph was at the front and he was like, go straight.

And of course, that meant I went.

I didn't know what that means.

I didn't know what that meant.

And so I got us all twisted and tangled around and with our with our reins.

And then we turned it.

It looked like a rat king.

Have you seen a pair of rat king?

Oh, yeah.

I got a rat king decal on the side of the limo.

Rat king?

Yeah, it's a rat king.

You know, I've written a whole mystery about rat kings.

This is this where the the looks all kind of merged together into one.

Oh, I see.

Oh, okay.

And then we come one giant rat ball and it's called a rat king.

That's called a rat king.

Oh, okay.

Oh, yeah.

So we were a reindeer king, but of course, I shouldn't say that because Santa's the reindeer king.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

But we looked like that up in the sky.

And then we were just kind of, thankfully we had Santa's magic.

So we just were just kind of floating there.

But then they had to get the elves up there and they had to cut us all free.

If he has this magic, what's he need the reindeer for?

You know?

Oh, okay.

Krabby, I'm so sorry to interrupt.

I hate to say anything, but you are facing totally away from everybody.

Yeah, could you turn towards us?

You're looking straight at the wall and we're all behind you.

Oh, shoot.

We can hear you fine, but I feel like it might just be easier to understand if you're.

Are you?

Hey, can you see things?

Are you, I mean, are you vision impaired?

Is that what?

No, no, I can see things perfectly.

I mean, they're totally switched around though.

Oh, you're dyslexic of the eyes.

Yes.

I've heard about this.

It's flipped around.

Yeah.

You know, so.

It's like a mirror image in a way.

Yeah, for sure.

Oh, okay.

So why don't you just do the opposite of what you think you should be doing?

Huh?

That's something, I was talking to Bennett Quince actually.

Why don't you just do the opposite of what you think you should be doing?

That I won't be an asshole anymore.

Yeah, exactly.

I'm gonna work that in the book.

It's going in the book.

He's been furiously scribbling.

What?

The chapter of 15.

He's been scribbling and scrabbling, much like you chief.

Scribbling, scrabbling, scrabbling and scribbling.

Yeah.

Can we hear another chapter of that porno?

Chapter four.

I mean, I'm shocked.

Oh, wait a minute.

Wait a minute.

I'm not supposed to, I can't hear porn.

Why not?

How old are you?

She's 32, she can.

Well, I'm, I'm three.

Oh my God.

No.

Wait, but how much is that?

Yeah, I'm a lot out of human years.

Well, I guess I shouldn't say, because it's the opposite.

So I'm actually 3000 years old.

Oh, you can hear porn.

That's my two young people.

3000 is the opposite of three.

Yes, it's simple math.

I thought you were supposed to be here.

I'm not even here.

Zoom in on me.

So what do you do with Santa?

I mean, well, I mean, you know, it's so nice because in the wild, I'd be put down.

Yeah.

I'm considering it right now.

Wait, in the wild, in the wild, you'd be put down?

In the wild, I'd be put down.

Because Santa have a gun for that, for that very purpose.

Oh, no.

Big rifle.

No.

David, for Michael, that's pretty good.

2000.

David, how good is our relation?

What about no relation?

I got a pitch for you, documentarian.

All right, camera on Randy.

2000.

reindeer listening to Santa do an impression of Aerosmith and saying, Santa's got a gun.

Wow.

You guys seem to be on a similar level.

Handshake deal.

Let's print.

Wow.

We'll do it.

Wow.

Yeah, but what do you do?

I mean, up there in the earth full.

Yeah.

Well, though, I'm sort of sequestered from the other, from my siblings and the other reindeer.

Suck-wester.

Yeah, because I also walk in my, I sleep walk.

I walk in my sleep.

Oh, no.

Do you walk in the right direction then?

You know I don't.

I don't at all.

And so they had to, they had to lock me up in a paddock.

And the other crazy thing is that when I pee, wherever.

Crazy things.

So Santa's always like walk this way.

You guys.

All right.

It's good.

Sweet fast close up on Randy.

I'll say it again.

So Santa's always like walking this way.

Slowing down in post.

Just like our sex tapes.

What's the other weird thing?

Oh yeah.

When I pee, wherever I pee, become the sinkhole.

A sinkhole or a sinkhole.

A sinkhole.

You go into the hole and you can think.

Oh, a sinkhole.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

But but but people but nobody.

30 feet under the ground.

Oh, no one wants to fall into a sinkhole.

No, it's full of this.

Well, no, no, no.

Every well, no.

Because every time every time I pee, there becomes a new sinkhole.

So, so no, I don't pee in the same hole.

I guess so.

So the hole is created away from your puddle of pee and it makes a sinkhole thinghole.

Or does the pee enter into the air service and make a sinkhole a sinkhole thinghole?

Yeah.

Ah, yeah.

Oh, okay.

And so in in.

So the North Pole just have holes everywhere.

Like that child, a booth movie.

Well, booth.

Come on, we can do better than that.

Love buff.

You a love buff, right?

Yeah.

What's in respect out of Shiah's name?

Not sure he deserves it.

Oh, he doesn't?

I've been out of the news for a while.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I'll catch you up after the show.

Okay, sorry, crappy.

That being woke, Scott.

Oh, sorry, G.

Crappy, can I ask a question?

What's Santa like as a person?

You seem to speak well of him.

Oh, he's lovely.

He's been on the show before, you know.

Happy?

Yeah.

Is that why you're here?

No, what is this?

Oh, I barely know.

Podcast?

Oh, okay.

Have you ever heard Connor O'Brien?

Oh, yeah.

He's a colleague.

Oh, a colleague?

Yeah, totally.

Oh, my God.

That's a nice way of saying it, right?

Stilling, colleague?

I thought he would have graduated.

No, no, no, no.

No, he went to Harvard.

He'll tell you about that.

But, uh, no, he's out now.

Oh, oh, oh.

Well, I see, I, I, I, I ventured out.

I got out of my paddock.

And so now I'm, I'm out.

Oh, you were trying to go somewhere else, though, I bet, because yeah.

Well, I'm just trying to sort of find my purpose.

Are you lost?

Yeah.

Oh.

Do you want?

Oh, no.

More farts.

Whoa, whoa.

Oh.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

I, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Oh, sorry, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Sorry, her, her fart shot me into the air.

Oh, my God, you went, wow.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Okay, yeah, I guess.

Do we applaud for that for an accident?

Mama, Papa, are you here?

No.

Oh, they're not too many on empty chairs.

So you'd need to find your purpose.

Well, yeah, because I'm not, obviously, I'm not, I'm not a help up there.

If anything, I'm more of a hindrance.

Yeah.

A hindrance.

No?

No, this is a great year to think about your purpose crappy because it's the year of a vonder elf.

Yeah.

So the vondors can be in your head and you can vonder what am I for?

Oh.

That sounds pretty nice.

Yeah.

What are your interests?

Oh, I'm so interested.

I love biology.

I love, yes.

A little bit earlier, you talked about the jet stream, maybe meteorology or weather or something.

Yeah, there's a weather enthusiast on the show recently.

Yeah.

Maybe you could be an airline pilot.

That doesn't require masks.

Oh, geez.

Wait a minute.

No, I think he's on to something.

Really?

Well, yes, because I'm a reindeer and I'm supposed to be up in the air.

And what greater way to be in the air than to join the elite team of a united airline up in the air flying with the finest.

I guess if there were a magic reindeer up there making sure that they never crashed, that could be very valuable to the airlines.

I think so too.

Yeah.

Well, this is great.

Now, where do I go to interview?

Not here.

And even if I told you, you wouldn't get there.

Oh, sure.

God, you're right.

Oh, geez.

I think you're just better off staying here with us.

Oh, crappy.

Oh, no.

Sam's going to be so mad at me.

He doesn't know that I laughed.

Oh, what are the punishments that he doles out for this kind of infraction?

He what?

Skins us.

Oh, wow.

Good God.

That is a harsh joke.

But that skin grows back.

Oh, he's still.

I don't like it.

I mean, part of being a magic reindeer, is you grow your skin back?

Well, yeah.

Oh, yeah.

We I had so many skin.

Skin always grows back for anyone, doesn't it?

I can totally skin somebody.

That's that's it, right?

Well, I mean, the pain is just I mean, I think you die.

If you have a little bit of skin, you're going to try it on yourself or with someone else.

Skin I can get off here right now.

Hang on a second.

Oh, you're playing with that microphone again.

What's going on?

I'm trying to cut myself with this.

So wow.

I shouldn't be seeing this.

I'm three thousand years old.

Well, look, crappy.

Just stick around.

Okay.

Because we have another guest and we need to get to and we need to talk to him.

And maybe this will give you some ideas about, what are you doing right now?

Michael.

What are you doing with that camera?

Oh, I'm just trying to get a nice shot of you here.

It's right in my face.

And you're going between my legs.

So this is.

She's only three thousand.

You can't do that.

Okay.

Please, no.

You don't get already with this.

Okay.

Are you trying to seduce me, Mrs. Crappy said?

No, I'm not going to say.

Oh, I'm not.

I'm not married.

Are you trying to seduce me, Mrs. Crappy?

Well, I'm not married.

And yes.

See, we've got a story, Scott.

You got your two thousand skined horny ring.

Okay.

No.

Look, we have to get to our next guest.

Sam is probably saying, I don't want to miss a thing.

Sorry, I had to get another call.

You're just hanging your jokes in your head while everyone else talks.

Well, people aren't really giving me an opportunity to speak on it.

All right.

Well, the only way you'll get jokes in is if you dream on.

Oh boy.

All right.

Now we're connected for life.

Well, as me, you've connected for life, let's get to one of our next guests.

And he and I have sort of been connected for life because he's been on the show many, many times.

And I don't believe I'll ever forget him.

And he is, of course, the proprietors of Kissy's groceries out there in Downey, California.

Please welcome back to the show Albert Rowe.

Hello, Albert.

Scott, I'm fucked.

Oh shit.

I want an entrance.

I...

Things are...

I'm barely above water right now.

Oh no.

This is a hard time.

What's going on?

I mean, if you were in a plane, you'd be like a dang sully over there.

I'd be one of the fucking goose, my man.

Oh shit.

Yeah.

It's not going great right now.

Obviously, the holidays are among us.

I think I spoke of last time.

Yeah, the holidays are among us, definitely.

Look, these big megacorporations, these billionaires.

Yeah, like your dad?

Well, okay, that's actually something I wanted to address.

Oh, okay.

I've been getting a lot of feedback online.

People leaving comments and tweeting at me.

Because your father's Jeff Bezos.

My father's Jeff Bezos.

And it doesn't matter.

I did open my store with my inherited wealth, but it's neither here nor there.

Right, right.

But what do you want to address?

People are like, oh, your store's name is Kissy's.

His last name is Bezos.

Bezos is Spanish for Kissy's.

Right, yeah.

That's not why I named the store that you fucking moron.

Oh, God.

I hate to see you come out of these morons and listen to this show.

But go.

Go, just take it.

So, I mean, I guess all I'm saying is, leave me the hell alone.

Okay.

That's why you're fucked.

No, that's not why I'm fucked.

That was something you want to do, address before addressing why.

That was separate.

That was just separate.

By the way, this is Chief.

I don't know if you mentioned.

Chief, Greetings Kissy.

His name's Albert Rowe.

Not Kissy, not Bezos.

Yeah, I know very complicated, very hard to understand.

What do you do?

I am the owner and proprietor of a grocery store.

Ah, are there kisses there?

No, there are, but that's okay.

The signature thing of my store is that I kiss every item in there.

Mm.

I gave every item a little kiss.

Not as people buy it.

It's pre-kissed.

They're pre-kissed, but if you want to pay the Kissy's plus price, I'll kiss it right in front of your face.

Right, right in front of your damn face.

Yeah.

You'll just do it right there.

Yeah.

No embarrassment, no shame.

Big fat smooch.

Do you require masks to anti-estdoor?

No, absolutely not.

It also, I got a bunch of PPE loans that I just used on various items from my store.

Someone's got a new customer.

Okay, great.

But so the thing that's got me fucked is that all these companies, all these corporations are entering what's known as the metaverse.

Are we all aware of what the metaverse is?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, you know the metaverse?

Crapy?

Crapy, you don't have to pretend to know something, just to seem old or cool or...

Okay.

Yeah.

So lots of companies are doing this and it's just, I'm struggling to keep up because I'm just but one man, Scott.

Sure.

I'm the only guy running the store.

I don't know how to build apps or I don't even know what the...

Yeah, I've heard the metaverse describe people say like there's, people are trying to gather up property in the metaverse right now.

It's like coming to Amsterdam back in the 1700s or whatever and buying like part of, you know, Brooklyn or whatever, you know.

I've heard that it's exactly like what you just said.

Really?

People are saying that.

Why are they saying this?

I would think the metaverse would be infinite so you wouldn't run out of room.

Yeah, but you know, it's just, it's not unlike any sort of company, right?

Like the Mandalorians on Disney Plus, not also on Netflix.

Everyone's doing that a little bit.

Good point.

So I'm running out of IP.

There's very little IP left for me to get my hands on.

I can't, if I'm going to start getting into the metaverse, I don't know what I'm supposed to be doing.

I have a VR experience that is exclusive to Kissys only.

Wait, Kissys Prime?

Yeah, if you're a Kissys Prime member, you can get, you get, you get a VR experience where, what do you do?

You put on the glasses as you walk into the store or at home, it's like being in your store.

Well, that you can do it, that you can demo it at the, at the store.

There are kiosks where you can experience it, but if you have it at home, you can download it and then it's like shouting.

Why am I shouting?

I can't hear him.

Is that your thing?

I don't know.

Is everybody here the quietest person alive?

Boy, you got like a Bennett Quinn type of slam, I don't know.

I like it.

Yeah.

Now I know what it's like to be roasted.

I guess I'm shouting.

No, no, no, no, no.

Please speak, speaking, well, yes.

I mean, yeah, your mic seems lower than everyone else's.

I do have to say that.

All right.

That's not totally normal to me.

To me too.

Wait, me too.

Oh, Scott, me won't.

So the Kisses VR experience that I've helped develop with some really great fine folks that really, who's some of your dad's friends or?

Some of my dad's friends.

I don't need to go through the who's who.

It's just it's it's it's some nice people.

Okay, but the VR troopers.

Yeah.

That the VR troopers.

Is it the VR troopers?

The VR troopers are in there.

Michael, I thought you were not here.

I'm not even here.

Albert, I think I've been so you own the Kisses.

Scott's lap.

That's in Downey, is that right?

That's right.

Yeah, I've been to the store.

You've been you've you've just recently.

Establishment.

Yes, I traveled from Montana to Downey to where my editor lives.

I went into Kisses and I had an experience I wanted to ask you about.

Please.

Yeah, hit me.

Well, there was like a team of I guess like tech guys and they made me wear sort of like a headset and I don't like technology.

So this is very foreign to me.

Yeah.

But when I walked through your store, it made it that I could see like a hologram of you kissing all of the food that I looked at.

Yeah, that's that's one of the many experiences you could have with the Kisses VR.

So it's like turning your head and seeing a different item and then you'll suddenly pop up and yeah, you'll come into the side of the frame sort of.

Exactly.

You'll see me sort of like scope out the spot because I'm not kissing everything in the same spot.

You know, I got to kiss it where it looks like it wants to be.

You try to kiss things on different spots?

Yeah.

Yeah, just so you know because every I let every item speak to me sort of like it one apple is not going to be the same as another apple, right?

So you're never kissing the stem.

Wow, this whole time I was picturing stable goods and imagined you only kissing barcodes.

No, I'm getting right there on the product.

On the produce too.

Yeah, on the produce, on the raw meat, anything.

Are you opening everything up to the packaging and kissing each individual thing?

Sometimes I'm so chis.

Everything on the shelves in my store has been viciously ripped over.

All right, so how do you know where to kiss the thing?

Like is it is it?

Do you have a power to communicate with each of these objects?

It's not really a power as much as it is an intuition.

Like I just sort of like look at the thing and like, okay, this like handful of checks.

Where, where, where, maybe on this third one right here.

And then sort of it gets a sort of blast back for.

I would have thought the ride chip.

I'd guess ride chips.

Look at the story.

He's kissing.

He's kissing at all.

We've talked about this many times over the show.

Good love making.

It's you got to listen to your food.

You know about good love making.

Not even.

Yeah, I hear that.

The hug knows about good love making him.

Oh, it's right there in his last name.

You just got a hug, nor quite.

This guy seems like an infinity pump truck.

That's another Aerosmith reference.

Oh my god.

Did we ever get to your thing?

Of why you're fucked?

Not yet.

No, but I'm fucked because the people are trying to shut down my VR experience.

They're calling it too.

Well, they're calling it too a little too horny.

They're a little upset.

People are putting on.

Sign me up.

Because there's a there's a there's an option where you can set it to sort of a like a POV sort of thing of the produce.

I thought one of the art was POV.

Oh POV of the produce.

Yeah, you can see me doing it sort of a bird's eye view situation.

You're sort of like.

Bird's eye.

Like see a camera up on the ceiling.

Yeah.

Great idea.

Let's do a camera on the ceiling.

I'm not even here.

Okay.

Yeah.

And so you're sort of like a fly on the wall sort of like watching me kiss the items or.

Is it bird side view or is it fly on the wall?

I know.

Because those are two different experiences.

Bird's eye.

It's wherever the bird may be.

Or that a reindeer up in the sky.

Yeah.

They could be a reindeer.

Any.

Anything.

You could be a camera operator.

That could be a great job for you.

Are you hiring?

You're hired.

Whoa.

I can see it.

Great angles that we would never be able to get.

Yes.

Because if you haven't been trained you think outside the box is the thing I learned working with the Beatles.

Oh.

Uh is it's it's some of the.

The Beatles seem to hate you.

Are you kidding me?

We had great conversations with each other.

Them all trying to plan the future of their group me eduring my way in.

To try to force them to decide something quickly.

I hope they're doing like when you just called them by their initials and you said Oh, RS is here.

Oh great question from.

Damn it.

Oh, no.

I don't like it.

DTS.

Thank you for the help essay.

Says in the house.

Well my essays in the house say yeah.

Yeah.

I'm not even here.

So people are trying to shut you down.

They're trying to shut me down there.

They're saying the VR experience is too horny.

They they don't like how like how essentially I kiss the items well in the PO shot.

Is this how you kiss them normally or are you jazzing it up for the cameras a little bit?

I mean, I guess you know the I heard that the camera adds 10 pounds but it also adds horny apparently as well.

Yeah.

People are getting people getting.

I can imagine if you're having sex on camera like the sex workers out there.

Yeah.

In the industry that crappy over here is not allowed to see.

I sort of might jazz it up for the camera and do things that you normally wouldn't do, you know.

Yeah.

And I was directing this and I know that Michael over here is a director.

I don't know if you're not giving this.

Okay.

Yeah.

You're not even here.

I was sort of like.

Zoom in.

That's too close.

That you're.

It'll look perfect.

All you're getting is this nostril right now.

We're using prime lenses.

We can't zoom.

Why do you keep shouting that at us?

You're fired.

Who's this?

I could take over.

You had an accent when you fired.

Yeah.

You some sort of went to Long Island.

So you fired.

Take it over.

But today, not over your shed.

I'm not even here.

That's not a microphone.

I'll take over.

What is this?

It's a cigar.

Please stop licking your cigar.

This is actually part of the problem.

People were there too.

They were like, this is we got to stop this.

You're getting really in there.

I'm too much.

I'm getting too much mouth smack.

Right.

I just want to see you kiss the bread.

Okay.

Don't don't.

Right.

Don't you're getting in there.

You're getting that bread's guts basically.

So like don't do it.

Yuck.

So they're trying to shut you down because of this.

You're too sexy.

That's too visceral.

That sounds like that scene in Demolition Man when they try on the VR goggles and they're having sex.

I know.

She's like, do you want to have sex?

And he's like, oh, yuck.

And then the man.

But then they start having sex.

And it's too weird for him because of the VR.

I don't remember any of this.

Oh, that's got.

That hasn't seen?

I know.

I've seen it.

His scutt does not remember.

Oh, hey, that's much better.

You fit?

No.

Oh, okay.

I auditioned for Wesley Snipes.

Carried to.

Oh, you did?

Oh, Demolition Man.

Demolition Man.

Oh, is that who was having sex?

Is Wesley Snipes instalone?

Scott does a girlfriend.

Scott has it seen.

It's Sandra Bullock, America's Sweetheart.

Do you remember your audition for that?

Mine?

Yes.

I do remember the audition.

Roll tape.

Yes.

Sheaves audition.

Okay.

And I just hug it, right?

Hug it harder.

Read with me, and it's rolling.

Sure.

Yeah, I'll read with you.

Read with me, Vodka.

Do you want me to do a?

Do you want me to do a Stallone, or can I just act like myself?

Act like yourself, I'd say.

Okay.

Thank you.

Hey there.

Greetings.

I'm Wesley Snipes.

Okay, see, this is part of your problem with your audition.

Did he already have the part?

Is that?

Yes.

Yeah.

Okay.

So it's out.

You were auditioning to play him in the behind the scenes footage.

You wouldn't show up for that, really?

I guess not.

Too busy paying his taxes.

Albert, you got it right in there.

I got it right in there, but so I'm just kind of worried that, you know, I don't have, you know, look, I have all this inherited wealth, but I don't got the money to stand up to a zuck, or even my daddy, Bezos.

Yeah, is Bezos, who's richer?

I can't remember.

Sucker Bess.

I love this conversation.

Who's the more rich person?

Let's see.

I think it might be just based on appearances alone, how good he looks all the time.

I think it's Zuckerberg.

Someone who watches their wife have sex with other men.

Yeah, he's, oh, yeah, he's a total beta suck.

Yeah, I've been called a, a, a Bezos suck before.

Oh, a Bezos suck.

It's not great.

Yeah, it sucks.

It really, it makes me feel bad.

Well, look, I'm sorry everyone, and not to put words in your mouth, but everyone's coming for your neck.

Look, yeah, exactly.

Thank you, Scott.

My neck is practically spoken for.

It is by all these people who are coming to me.

My next dance card is full.

Okay.

Everyone's coming for it.

And I just, I'm having no more neck to give this holiday season.

I'm so sorry.

Yeah, it's, it's, it's, it's, it's a rough go.

Yeah.

How long is this supposed to last?

Just through the holidays?

Probably until next time.

Okay.

Next time you'll have something different to talk about.

Maybe.

I'm sorry.

Can I ask you a question?

Yeah.

What planet are we on right now?

I think Earth.

Okay.

Got it.

When you, you haven't, you don't know what, what planet you're on right now.

I didn't know for sure what planet has on.

616.

Yeah.

Earth 616.

Yeah.

Of the different Earths.

Mm-hmm.

All right.

Ben, maybe you should touch grass.

Is that?

Don't play with your microphone again, please.

No.

Oh yeah.

We could touch grass after this is done if you want.

He's lonely without Carissa.

What?

No, I'm not.

Look, do you have, I've got my Randy crying.

You, you, you put down your pen.

Yes.

When you found that answer out, are you done with a book?

Yes.

Now that I know what planet I'm on, I'm, I'm done.

I might be done writing forever.

Whoa.

I'm right here.

Get out of here, essay.

I'm not as invested in you, but no.

Oh, wow.

This might be when I was trying to find out the whole time with my writing career is what planet I'm on.

I didn't know.

Oh, Ben there.

Well, could you read some of the book or the last part?

This one that, the one that you pitched that I just finished.

Yeah, exactly.

The one that started with, sometimes that's how it turns out, a true rassel on Earth walks into the room.

Yes, exactly.

Yeah, read.

OK, let's get crashed.

That's how it started.

BQ.

OK, I will sit on the camera.

All right, this is the end.

Chapter 92, it's short book.

Page 15.

What longer than the other one?

15.

Page 15.

And so the mayor of Quad City's Iowa looked around at Earth where he was sitting and said, I guess I've been here all along.

The murders didn't matter.

My argument with my father didn't matter.

It's the first word.

The peace treaty with New York City didn't matter.

New York City.

All that matter was me knowing almost the future.

Where I was.

Because finding where somebody is is the greatest quest that somebody can fulfill.

Greetings, Comteau.

And I am on Earth.

You're like, go fuck yourself.

Everyone just saying their catch.

Yes.

Wow.

He's just sending.

He's just sending us into space.

Oh, come on.

I think it's just crappy sparks.

Oh, my God, that's a powerful one.

She has hollow bones like me.

Oh, my gosh.

I have the tricks.

Oh.

You have hollow bones?

Yeah, I guess I do.

I must be part of my heritage.

I didn't realize.

You have so much in common.

Oh, maybe you're from a Slovenian region.

Oh, my God.

Do you have any history of bread braiding?

Oh, of course.

I can break bread.

Who doesn't break bread?

Whoa, whoa.

You might have found her, bake it.

You got to give it to me.

You guys say, do you know what this means?

Someone from my family has seen me do acrobatics.

And just did acrobatics themselves?

This is great for me.

I wonder if anything will be better than this.

Well, nobody's mentioned that you're still just floating by my fart.

Yeah, I know.

It's very powerful.

But they're connecting and I'm not a part of it, even though they're up there with my heart.

Well, wait, it's all due to your farts.

Well, you would never have heard that you heard.

I'm not here.

I'm happy.

At this time of year, I just want to say thank you for your fart.

Thank you for my fart to yours.

And, uh, happy I want to tell you, thank you for your interesting camera work.

When you sat on a hug to the camera during my reading.

No, it's my pleasure.

I can't get it out.

Albert, who are you thinking?

I guess the big man himself, Jesus Christ.

Oh, God.

Okay.

That's what I'm talking about.

Oh, you're a legit soochie.

All right. Well, look, guys, we're running out of time here.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

I've got an invention and it shaped like a cue for walls all around you.

I guess that's called a room.

A place where you can be.

I don't know what you call it.

What's the bathroom?

I've never heard of that before.

Oh, wow.

That was, I've got an invention by scrub daddy 800.

No, not the Beatles.

Oh, I scrubbed daddy 800.

You thought it was the Beatles.

I thought that was a deleted track from Let It Be.

No, you were there at Let It Be.

Why would you?

Did you ever so geeked out on toast and, uh, toast toast and tea?

I don't remember.

Okay.

Play was a long time ago, too.

Hundreds of days.

More probably.

Many hundreds.

Two thousand.

It was one unit of many.

One unit of many move.

Yeah, definitely.

All right.

Well, what do we plug in?

Randy, you must have something to plug.

I mean, obviously a man such as you and with a life such as yours.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

I don't know.

I want to plug light beer and cannabis.

Do you have any TV shows that are coming up that you enjoy watching?

Uh, not off the top of my head.

I mean, well, actually, all right.

Let me crunch some numbers here in a couple of weeks.

Uh, probably, yeah, probably about three weeks or so or four weeks.

Yeah.

Less than four weeks, less than a month.

Season two of Righteous Gemstones will be coming out.

I believe one, maybe two episodes on January 9th.

Yeah.

January 9th.

Check that out.

Okay.

All right.

Very good.

Dagmar, what do you want to plug?

Anything?

I just want you all to make your Wunderwish.

So put out your orange cloves into your Wunderwoll and hope for the best.

And if you need more holiday merriment, you can listen to a holiday episode of off book.

That is pretty fun.

Okay.

Sounds good.

And chief, what about you?

What do you want to plug?

If you know the whereabouts of Carmen Sandiego.

Send nudes.

Send nudes of her or yourself?

Oh, yes.

L.

Okay.

So you're just, Hey, it's clues in the news.

How about you, Albert, bro?

What do you want to plug?

I, you can, uh, boy.

Oh, man, I know.

I'll talk about my show.

Close up.

Come on.

He's breaking down.

Just move closer to him.

Just probe.

Did you, Albert, hear?

Zoom in on Scott being mad at me right now.

Not me, him.

He's the one breaking down.

We get a secret microphone.

Why?

In Scott's microphone.

In my microwave.

All right, now we're going.

You could listen to this.

Uh, if you like video games, which I know were established earlier as, uh, childish, you could listen to this podcast.

Uh, how did this get played?

Where we, uh, it's Nick, uh, Nick Weiger, Heather and Campbell and Mana Padaka.

And they talk about video games all the time.

And they're, uh, driving themselves nuts, playing bad stuff.

So, okay.

Yeah.

We'll talk to that.

Yeah.

All right.

Uh, how about you Bennett Quince?

Well, of course I want to promote my new book, The Blood Soaked Trail of Santa the Claws.

Of course, and your even newer book, which it doesn't have a title yet, right?

I guess it's a true asshole finds out he's all right.

Okay.

Yeah.

This is my book I'd like to do.

Is there a podcast devoted to the Beatles?

Uh, that we'll be talking about, uh, what we've been talking about here with Michael over here?

I have never listened to it because I don't like, uh, technology, but there's a podcast called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about the Beatles.

That I hear is really interesting and, uh, has an episode about all this new Beatles news and this Beatles doc stuff.

I'd like to guess that.

I'm not even here.

We'd love to have you.

I'm not here.

Why don't you be over there and guess on it?

Um, crappy.

What do you want?

I'd like to make like a tree of lead.

Yeah.

Why don't you be over there?

And guess what?

Hey, crappy.

What do you want to plug?

Hello.

Um, I'd like to plug just the big gosh.

Get the gosh to you.

Get the, you know what?

I love everybody and you all have a great holiday and I, I wish that I could be there to deliver your presence, but I guess I'd like to plug, I guess I'd like to plug the holidays.

And in that vein, if you want to see something that gets you in the spirit of the season, we'll go over to Hulu and check out Happy A Season.

Happy A Season.

Great movie.

Yes.

People should watch that.

And how about you, Michael?

Lindsey Hogg.

Have you watched that movie?

Cross coverage on Lindsey Hogg.

There's only one camera.

Point going baby.

Happy A Season.

I loved the film.

Great holiday story.

How did you like the, the cuts, the edits?

It was not for me.

Oh, you didn't like the edits.

All but the editing, the performance is writing, exquisite, directing.

Awesome.

What was your issue with the edits then?

You couldn't feel the director.

Yeah.

The director didn't wander through.

The director didn't see it.

On it all.

All right.

If you like holiday cheer, go ahead and check out paranormal activity next to the kid.

You didn't mention witch holidays.

So I'll allow it.

Thank you.

I'll allow it.

Wow.

You did the safe sign and everything.

Essay.

Yes.

See.

I didn't get to plug my TV show.

Oh, yes.

Please.

Scott Tachif.

Vato.

Watch Grand Crew on NBC.

Tuesday night at 8 p.m.

Yeah, that'll be in January.

All right.

The first one is on December 14th.

That'll be tomorrow.

Watch it tomorrow night.

Tomorrow and then, yeah, this is with some great people in it.

Yes.

And also listen to the flagrant ones.

Okay.

With, Hey, is that important?

Sean Glimmett.

Your favorite ones.

Those men.

Do they have, do you listen to it?

Have they ever dropped the act?

I still don't know.

Okay, great.

You were in the middle of yours, though.

You all got it.

And then if you like podcasts like this one, you're the man now dog is the Improvability conversation podcast.

And go to Big Grande website for you can buy comedy podcasts and animations and other things like that, including a live improv show in the coming months.

Okay, great.

All right.

Well, I want to plug, Hey, over there at CBBworld.com.

We have some great stuff.

We just, boy, we just had a great episode of Scott Hasn't Seen with Mary Holland.

Does anyone know her?

She, we talked about father of the bride.

That was an amazing episode.

And we also talked about white chicks with Tatiana Maslani.

And we just had the second episode of this book, Change My Life.

So much stuff going on over there.

And of course, the bananas for bananas shows every, every weekday.

Freedom is over there.

Head on over to CBBworld.com and check it out.

All of the archives of comedy bang, bang, or over there.

And next week we have the best ofs.

We'll be starting based on your votes.

We'll have two episodes a week for the next two weeks about the best ofs.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Good.

So, we're going to have to leave.

So, we're going to have a good time.

Because what are you?

Give someone you love for timekeeper shirt.

Wow, that was Timekeeper Shirt, parentheses for Christmas.

And parentheses by Prince Moonbeam.

I think that's the second plug theme where someone's requesting that we put the Timekeeper shirts back in stock in the store.

Okay, well, I guess we'll have to oblige.

But thank you so much to Prince Moonbeam.

And, guys, I want to thank you so much.

The holidays are a time for having your favorite people around, plus Bennett over here.

And...

Still here.

And it's wonderful that you all came by.

And, you know, even our new friends like crappy over here and Michael Lindsey Hogg.

He lifts Scott up onto the roof as he's talking.

Oh my god!

Oh!

He's in the front.

Oh, Scott!

Floot!

Scott!

Oh!

Oh, God!

My skin!

Oh!

It all came off!

You're still alive!

Oh!

You're right!

I hate the camera!

Oh!

Hey, I'm out.

Oh, right!

We'll see you next time, next time!

Bye!

Here it goes!

Oh!

You I'm going to go back to the next one.
