♪♪♪ I scream, you scream, I'll be getting out of your house now.

Sorry, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Hasmat Tree. Hasmat Tree for that cash-free submission and Happy New Year! Happy New Year! Happy New Year to ya! Happy New Year! Happy New Year to ya! Happy New Year to ya! Happy New Year to ya! Happy New Year to ya! Happy New Year to ya!

Happy New Year to ya! Happy New Bang Bang! Into your mouth!

You know you wanna bang bang into your mouth! You know you gotta...

♪♪♪ How long do you think we can go before everybody turns out?

I will say my neighbors must be really enjoying themselves because the last time I did one outside was with this guest right here.

I love outside in safety.

By the way, my name is Scott Ockermann. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, the very first Comedy Bang Bang episode of 2022!

Wow, we're here!

I just say then, 2021.

You know like I like to say, 2-0-2-2! That's what I like to say.

Did you just start liking that right now when you just said it?

The second I said it, I knew I'm gonna do it for the rest of my life.

For the rest of your life!

I would do it like...

Do you be talking about January 3rd, 2-0?

Well, when is this coming out?

For the rest of your life.

I hope so.

This is coming out January 3rd, 2-0.

It's coming out!

I want the world to know!

This podcast coming through!

Of course, this is Comedy Bang Bang, and we have a very exciting show.

I'll introduce our guest here in a second.

It's a very exciting show because...

Well, simply for the fact that we're doing it, and we're still doing it in 2022.

What did you say?

2-0-2-2!

Thank you!

All I had to do was point to this guy and hear exactly what to do.

Well, first I assumed you were invoking God's name.

To help me.

Please help him remember this.

And it did.

It worked.

Great microphone today.

Sometimes you give me a real shitty one, a real ratty mic.

This sounds beautiful.

I give you the piss mic, usually.

You give me the piss mic.

You said you have a series of dogs that piss all the night.

I gave that to one of our guests coming up a little later.

And speaking of our guests coming up a little later, we have a celebrity therapist.

Are you serious?

Coming up later.

And we also have Dr. Sweetchat, the Small Talk Robot.

What does that mean to Small Talk Robot?

I do not know.

My producer wrote that down for me and I look forward to...

Celebrity therapist.

Do you think that's someone who...

Is this celebrity who's a therapist?

My question is, is it that or is it someone who's helping couples with therapy or is it someone who just deals with the therapy that involves being a very famous person?

I think it might be like Angelina Jolie or something like that.

You think the person coming up is Angelina Jolie?

I think and she wants to help us with our relationship.

Oh my God.

I can't wait to find out.

That'll be so exciting.

But before we get to them, you know the very strong people.

The very strong people.

Be enthrised.

Don't mess up any of the things.

You've never not messed up the things that I've been in.

He plays Tonic the Gin Dog.

What is this that you do with it?

Sonic the head dog.

That thing that you told me you were on the Gin Dog.

This is basically just a paycheck.

I never would say that.

It's a dream job.

A dream job.

I took whatever money they gave me.

You did show me your paycheck and like waved it in my face.

I showed you money every day.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And then you said that's nothing.

You took me through a tour through your mansion.

The Haunted Mansion is where I took you actually.

Oh, by the way, I wish there was my way up.

I wish there was a different guest here because I know a different guest who knows a whole shit ton about the Haunted Mansion.

Oh, really?

She's not even going to be here today, which is a ballroom.

That's too bad.

But did you go to the graveyard by the way behind it when you were just there?

I was just there a week ago.

What do you mean the graveyard behind it?

There's like a graveyard where the people, they have tombstones where they have like people who designed the tombstones.

Sometimes they'll let you back there.

Is that true?

It's part of the writer.

It's outside the actual mansion.

No, it's known as allowed to see it.

But sometimes.

Are there actual humans buried there?

No.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

There's actually like big ditches with just mass corpses.

Oh, my God.

Open ditches?

Yeah.

Just open corpses.

Yeah.

Famous corpses.

Can you name a corpse that's in there?

There's Humphrey Bogart.

What goes at the most famous corpse?

They called him Bogey.

Of course.

That's what it says.

Just in case you were confused.

No, no, no.

I saw Bogey there.

That was Humphrey Bogart.

Yeah, that was him.

What's his famous line?

Here's looking at you, kid.

That was maybe his second most famous line.

Oh, tell me his first one.

Tell me how he set you up.

What was the line the person said before he set you his first one?

It was like, hi there.

My name is the woman from Casablanca.

Hi there.

My name is the woman from Casablanca.

Hello, I'm Humphrey Bogart.

I don't think he says his name in the movie.

He doesn't?

I can't imagine.

I swear he does.

Maybe he was just, I was looking at the credits.

Maybe when the, what is it?

The therapist, the famous therapist?

I thought you were talking about the therapist from Casablanca.

No, maybe the celebrity therapist.

You know the therapist who helps them.

They all work out their issues.

Oh yeah, there's got to be one for Casablanca.

Casablanca's shit show.

Kind of into the war.

Here's looking at you, kid, right?

I played again, Sam.

I believe it's, and that said it is not even a line from Casablanca.

Oh, right.

It's a line from, what is it that is?

It's a line from nothing anyway.

Oh, no.

It probably was a line from his line.

Where does it mean it's been nowhere?

It is, it has been accepted as the famous line from Casablanca, but it is never said in the movie.

What's the thing?

It's more like, like, hey, Sam, go play that song again or something like it.

Is that true?

Yes.

Oh, that's, there's a lot of those, by the way.

Yeah, there's.

Do you know about that?

There's, hi, my name is Jaws.

Yeah, hi, my name is Jaws, which nobody ever, nobody ever has ever done.

No one ever has ever done.

Everybody gets it wrong.

Robert McKee kind of like dances around it and says, like, my name isn't not Jaws.

And they think it's, there's going to be a bigger boat, but it's, oh my God, my heart medicine, where is it?

Yeah, exactly.

That's when that Jaws thing comes up.

And that song that everyone sings when they see that shark, don't, don't, don't.

Oh yeah, well, was it originally?

Not played in the movie.

John Williams, no?

He had nothing to do with the movie.

So who was it?

What was it?

It's not, what was the soundtrack?

They played the Benny Hill song.

But he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he, he.

That's great.

Did you like Benny Hill when you're going off?

Of course I did.

I'll introduce you in a second.

Of course.

Tonic the jindog.

No.

Tonic the jindog.

What do you talk about? Tonic the jindog?

I wish you gave me the seat where all the sun comes in.

Oh poor baby.

Tonic the jindog.

So upset that the sun is out today.

It's beautiful.

It's rainy this whole week, but it's beautiful.

I just had to keep moving.

Wet weather was pounding the Southland, but wet weather.

Oh watch it and see.

I got a weather.

You've got a hundred and three.

You've got a weather of a hundred and three.

Yes.

It's me.

I'm God talking.

You have a problem.

You know him from House of Pies.

You know him from the God I'm straining to figure out anything other credit.

We've been friends for like two decades.

I know and you've come on to the show to promote so many of your projects and then it's the first and last time that I ever hear from them.

He's the after party in January.

The after party.

That is coming up in a couple of weeks.

It is.

I'm very excited.

Everybody's in it.

It's going to be very fun.

There's also to genres.

It's going to be great.

Then after the after party is the sequel, the hotel lobby.

Yeah.

After the after party is the hotel lobby and after the lobby is the.

I don't.

Well famously it was really after lobby we go home and snack on some Pringles.

And beyond everyone.

But they changed it.

No, that's wrong.

Unless that he was front guilty for that.

He was found guilty for that.

So we can say that now.

So you're okay.

Okay.

Don't worry about the time that people getting upset with.

It's a piece of everybody.

But you know him as the elegant Mr. S.

Hey.

The incomparable Benny Schwab.

Please welcome back to the show Ben Schwartz.

What a tradition tradition.

Duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh duh.

Tradition.

We do this at the beginning of every year.

Beginning of every year you and I.

You and I get together.

Yeah.

And nothing is different this year.

And so it's very exciting.

It's very exciting to be here again.

I love seeing you.

Our listeners love hearing you.

People who smell you love smelling you.

I'm trying to think of the other senses.

Okay.

Feel touch.

Yeah.

And sight.

Oh no, we did sight.

Yeah.

Touch.

What about what about smell?

Oh, what about smell?

What about smell?

I only want to smell on you.

Oh, that's a good one.

We're not doing an Olympic song challenge.

We're not doing case you were reaching for the stop button.

We're reaching for the stop button.

By the way, it's pause.

I don't think there's a stop button in practice.

There is a really I think it's I've been involved in podcasting for three decades at this point.

They call you the pod father, right?

And literally in three different decades, the 2000s.

By the way, most famous line in the godfather wasn't really said.

Which one?

You know, like make me an offer.

Oh, yeah.

What do they say actually?

What do you got to say, buddy?

You want to say something to me and me on this great way?

Didn't they say like you talking to me?

Oh, yeah, you talking to me?

That was also that was from the godfather.

Oh, that's why.

Because the godfather is like, you talking to me?

I don't see anyone else standing here.

You must be talking to me.

And they cut the line in raging bulwares goes that guy is sure is a raging bull.

There is the line in raging bulwares like I could have been a contender, which is that a lot of people don't know is from a different movie.

That's insane.

What is that?

It's from the movie first.

What's the first about?

It's about the very first person to ever live on earth.

Wow.

Do you do you do like fun as Judaism?

I can feel it.

God, it's it's storage right there.

It's right there.

The rib was taken to make E which seems very fucked up that a woman has made from a man's rib.

I know.

I mean, do you think that's just a metaphor for sperm?

I don't know.

What are you talking about?

Ribs.

What the hell is wrong with these ribs today?

Ribs.

Where did he come from?

Legitimately, if that musical was about ribs, what had it been as popular?

Like people eating barbecue ribs instead of Annie?

Yeah.

No, I bet it would not be as popular.

Did you see Annie live?

As in, did I see it in theater?

Did I see the programming live?

Did you either?

I'll take you here.

Or did I see Annie live?

I have seen a woman who Annie live.

Really?

Yeah, yeah.

But I didn't see her die.

I have seen Annie die.

No.

I have this thing.

Was she okay?

No, she died.

She perished.

Annie, she wasn't okay.

Annie wasn't okay.

She wasn't okay.

She wasn't okay, Annie.

You know that's from CPR dummies is where that originally comes from.

Annie, are you okay?

Yeah.

No.

Yeah.

That's real.

We're supposed to chant.

Nothing real right now.

That's real.

You're supposed to chant when you're doing compressions on the chair.

Do an example?

Annie, are you okay?

How'd that go?

I'm well.

I would.

We could do this forever and make everybody happy.

Why wouldn't we?

Ben, tell us about the after party.

We're going to be talking about it a lot on this show in the coming weeks.

I bet we're going to have a bunch of different people here.

A bunch of different guests coming on.

This is where we all did this.

Tiffany had is Sam Richardson, Ike Baronholtz.

We have Dave Franco.

We have Jamie Dimitri, by the way.

Can we get him on the program?

No.

Okay.

He's a statless flat.

He's fantastic.

Stat Flats.

Flats.

That's the name of his television show.

Okay.

And then we have a Zoe Chow Alana Glazer.

We have, oh, my man, John Early.

Oh, we have Sam?

We said Sam Richardson already.

No.

No, you didn't.

I did.

And I think that's everything.

Oh.

The great cool puppy is making an appearance.

The great cool puppy is here.

Oh, she's doing a dance here.

The great cool puppy is here.

Oh, my God.

This is the best dance she's ever done.

This is professionally choreographed.

Hi.

Hi, yes.

Hello, cool up.

Hi, Cooley.

Try to ignore me slowly backing out of the driveway.

Oh, I thought you meant slowly backing out right now because we want to hear from you no longer on this show.

Hi, Cooley.

Goodbye.

What a wonderful person.

Who me?

No, you're an absolute terror.

I can't understand how both of you guys are together for this long because she's such a bright light and you were just the darkness.

You knew you thought we would get together, but not for this long?

No, I thought you'd get together and she realized what an absolute just dull boy you are.

Do you L.L.B.O.Y?

dull boy?

What do you want to do today?

I don't know.

I'll read my comics and eat myself.

Eat yourself.

What does that mean?

I love it.

I love eating my face.

Jesus Scott, come back in the house.

Tell us about the after party and stop talking about me.

Lord and Miller, Phil Lord, Chris Miller.

It's about the gentleman who did 21 Jump Street Lego Movie into the Spider-Verse, created the show Chris Miller directed every single episode.

Every single episode.

Which for me is kind of a dream come true because I love both those guys.

Do they direct co-direct the 21 Jump Street movies?

Yes, everything was co-directed I believe and this is the first time that Chris is, I think.

You should have him on the show.

Yeah, they've been on the show before.

Oh, amazing.

Yeah.

Really?

No, really?

I'm kidding.

Because I hear Chris Miller's here right now.

No, I can't.

That's the fucking Dr. Funkhals or whatever is name it.

Dr. Funkpot in his small talking robot.

Yeah, so every episode of someone, Dave Franco is famous, a musical artist, he dies and we're an after party.

Wait, Dave Franco is a famous musical artist?

And this television program.

Oh, hey.

And there's a trailer out so I'm not ruining anything.

He dies in every episode Tiffany Haddish and generally come in and they interview us to find out who killed Dave Franco's character.

And do you want a high five right now?

What's going on right now?

It's absolutely miserable.

I beg your pardon.

I did not think we would need umbrellas to block sun because nobody else has a rating.

Well, nobody else has a rating.

I'm literally in the only place in their sun.

You can move that chair, you know.

You'd like to move it, move it.

Wait, you're asking me to move your chair?

You'd like to move it.

Is this some sort of Jedi?

I'm trying.

All right, I'll move your chair.

And so every episode is a different genre film so the retelling of the story is done in that genre.

If Ike is a big asshole, he's going to be like a big, fast enough, furious type thing.

And then so we get to play with genres and it's one of my favorite things I've ever been a part of in my career.

What are your other favorite things you've been a part of because I can't think of any of them?

Sure.

Tonic the...

No, I got it.

Tonic the gin dog.

And that by the way, that movie is coming out in March, the aforementioned Tonic movie, right?

That's wrong.

That's April 8th.

And then after the first generation.

Well, we'll see it sometime.

It's going to be out for a while.

No, I went to...

You invited me to the premiere of the first one and I loved it.

I've talked about it on this show before.

Great to see Jim Carrey.

Yes, great to see Jim Carrey out there just going crazy like you used to.

He is the best.

Yeah.

So funny.

Do you think you're funnier than Jim Carrey?

Yeah, I think so.

Like unequivocally.

Really?

Like objectively funny.

I think he's probably one of the funniest actors I've ever seen in my life.

I agree.

Unequivocally you think there's so much better.

Is there one person that's funnier than you or no?

God, I am all time.

I'm sorry, of all time.

Oh, of all time.

It could be a Marx brother.

Yeah, Abraham Lincoln.

You think Abraham Lincoln was funny?

Oh, funny.

Oh, he's standing up.

Well, for sure.

He was like, no, just a beard.

I look at it and I laugh.

He's so funny.

He is so funny.

Like every time I look at that $5 bill, I'm just like, this is the funniest one.

By the way you know when he got shot in the head in the temple when he was watching that play.

Well, that's an old Jewish joke.

But that he got shot in the head that people thought it was a bit for like a long time because he's so fucking funny.

He's so funny.

There is like, oh, look at him.

Come on, like, come on.

You're doing this again.

Oh, you got the blood pack.

Oh, yeah.

The squibs.

We're right here.

That's why you always were a top hat.

You always pretend that he was getting shot through his top hat.

He had one of those top hats with that had like a fake bullet hole that was a little bit of dust, like compression dust coming out of it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

All he had to do was blow like hold on to his nose and yeah, and it goes.

Just and people were like, I'm getting shot in the head again.

By the way, old Abe speaking of Abe's old Abe.

Yeah.

Yeah, speaking of Abe, good poll.

Keep going.

You started.

Oh, sorry.

Old Abe.

Beautiful old Abe.

I'd be honored.

Can I ask you if like nobody asked you a question?

Yeah, please ask me.

Hit me because I'm tired about that you're excited about.

You know, in 2022, I don't want to ask questions anymore.

Sorry, what are you?

I don't know.

2022.

Oh, 2022.

Thank you.

I don't want to ask questions anymore.

I want to be asked the question.

Fantastic.

What's your first resolution to never have you on the show again?

I already broke it, baby.

Yeah.

But what about next year?

Maybe you can not get me on next year.

Okay.

Yeah, that'd be perfect.

Do you have any other ones?

That's it.

You said you wanted to turn into a crocodile.

Are you working on that?

I've been working on it so far.

I'm at 0.00001 percent.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, I know it's a little tough.

I want to wear, you know, I've been wearing my clothes upside down.

I've been noticing that.

Yeah.

You say Dracula body, but Dracula clothes regular body.

Dracula body.

Dr. Legally Ed.

God, I can't wait to meet the celebrity therapist.

Man, so many questions.

Do you think it's Angelia Jolie with a Dracula body?

I mean, what you've done is ruined the character from whoever it is.

Whatever it is.

You've absolutely destroyed it.

I don't know what you're talking about when you say character.

Ben, were you excited that we just did the comedy bang bang best ofs?

Oh, yeah.

Did it, did I make one?

Nope.

Is that true?

That is very true.

So low bow.

It didn't make the top 10.

Well, it didn't make the top 15.

What we came down and I actually revealed the 16th and 17th.

And wasn't in there either.

So I wasn't on the board.

You weren't on the board this year.

So often if I never make the top 17.

Because I love you.

I guess you got to get used a lot of content you got to put out there.

Yeah, there's a lot of content and we need to just.

This one, maybe though.

This one will be in.

No, this will be in.

You think this will definitely be in because I believe the Dr. Sweet chap, the small talk robot will be a fan favorite.

Flawless.

You think we're.

Flawless and easy to understand.

All right, Ben, tell you what.

Why don't we get to our first guest?

After part of this January.

Thank you very much for.

January what?

Do you know?

Yes, I do.

Of course no.

It's on Apple TV by the way.

Chris Miller and Chris Miller and Phil Lord are absolutely geniuses and love them.

They're great people.

I love them.

They can catch our show premiering January 22nd on Apple TV Plus.

And I believe, oh, I can't reveal what they're dropping, but I believe it's going to be a great old drop at the beginning.

Is it January 22nd Saturday really?

That's why wrong?

Yeah, probably.

Why release something on January 22nd?

I'll find this answer out before in the middle of Dr. Sweet Tooth.

I believe it's 28th.

The 28th is when it's coming out.

I can't believe that's strong.

I know right now.

Unless you have some inside info, you're not supposed to say.

There's a trailer.

Oh my God, a trailer for a thing coming out.

This is huge news.

No, let's see.

We can look at the end of the trailer.

You go do that, but I need to get to introduce you.

Oh, I really want to just play the whole trailer here.

That's a fucking press.

Big offs, dude.

You probably don't own this.

You probably can't do it.

Okay.

Does anyone own a trailer?

I think, yeah, Apple.

Watch them.

Reminded it.

If you're gone to the booth, he's in the bottom of the different.

Stop playing this.

Jesus fucking Christ.

From years on January 28th, you were right out.

I was right.

On January 28th, I'm sorry.

January 28th, but very exciting.

That's a mere three and a half weeks away.

I am so, I'm truly so excited.

Truly, truly so.

I've heard such a stacked cast.

It's an SC, definitely.

And the creators involved, all wonderful people.

Anthony King also.

Great writer was on them.

Anthony King Love Him was on the set writing.

The writer of Beetlejuice.

And also the writer of Gutenberg, The Musical, one of my favorite musicals of all time.

Oh, I've never seen that.

Oh, it's fantastic.

So at UCB, both of them.

Yeah, anyway, we know we're talking about it.

But we all want to watch that on the 28th and go.

Wait, you said you want to plug a Tom Hanks movie?

Oh, yeah, definitely.

Yeah, I definitely want to plug Finch and Finch 2, which is coming up.

He dies and, oh, it doesn't.

But he erased that.

Let's start again.

He does die.

Let's cut that out.

Great, never mind.

You want to plug something, didn't you?

Yeah.

I want to plug that Tom Hanks movie, the one that he plays like a Southern.

Oh, yeah.

Lady killers.

Yeah, so good.

Yeah, I remember that movie back in the day.

To me, co-directing movies, those guys did such a good job with that.

Who did co-directing movies?

Lady killers.

The Coen brothers.

Oh, CO-H-E-N or CO-E-N?

E-N.

Oh, I know a couple of friends.

You have their director there.

Yeah, I thought my friends, the Coen, said directed it.

But this is the famous director of the Coen brothers.

This is the ones that always direct movies, yeah.

And as opposed to your friends who never direct movies?

Yeah.

Yeah, no, these guys did.

Okay, we'll just say it before and because a lot of people probably confused.

Okay, yeah.

The Coen brothers not Ben's friends.

Thanks.

And what do they do for a living?

Coen brothers?

Yeah, they work in the sock game.

The sock game.

They make socks.

They darned them.

They make them.

They were manufacturing wonderful, wonderful family.

They don't repair socks.

They're not in the sock repair business.

No, I believe that they were the people who manufactured socks.

So they manufactured them out?

Or they own a business that made socks or sock related stuff.

So they're the money out of them?

Are they the money people?

I believe, I don't know.

I'm not sure.

I hope they're money now that they've been making socks for so long.

Well, yeah.

These are not them.

You're saying this is not them.

How many socks do they make over the course of their brand?

I bet they made at least four plus.

Yeah.

At least four plus.

Oh my goodness.

Can you imagine?

Five and out.

Yeah.

Two pairs.

Two left over.

That would be great.

If they sold socks three to a package because you ever have those holes in your socks, this is part of my stand up.

I hate your sign filled stand up.

Finish strong.

Finish strong at least.

You ever have those holes in your socks and you're like, hey, if only I had one extra sock, I wouldn't be out of sock.

So I'd put that on if I could do it.

Did the stand up usually end that early before the day?

All right.

We have to get to her.

No, poop for you.

Remember the poop guy?

The guy who served poop.

Everybody.

He's an everyone got dysentery.

It was amazing.

Yeah.

No poop for you.

We have to get to our first guest.

Oh my God.

I can't wait to meet.

Which one is it going to be?

This is no.

We have Dr. Sweetchat.

The small talk robot is coming up a little later in the show.

But why don't we get to the celebrity?

Yeah, we should probably say Dr. Sweetchat.

We should probably say Dr. Sweetchat.

We got to say that this is a treat.

Why have your dessert before dinner is what I would say?

Let's get to our celebrity therapist.

So I'm so excited to talk to it.

I've never actually met a celebrity therapist.

I've never met a celebrity before.

That's so rude.

Present company included.

So let's meet her.

It's a her.

This is so exciting.

Why would you be excited?

Men and women should all have the same.

That should not be different for you.

That's exactly what I say if it's a man too.

Oh shit.

Oh yeah.

It's a man.

I'm so excited.

So is it Angelia Jolie?

We don't know.

Well maybe you know her name.

Do you have her?

Janne and oh it's right here.

Yeah.

Oh no.

Oh.

It's not a celebrity.

It's a tough intro.

It must be a therapist who works with celebrities.

Oh that's less exciting.

Jesus.

Scott.

All right.

Well, all right.

Well let's get to her anyway.

Please welcome to the show Dr. Yvette Victor.

Hi.

Thank you for having me.

Hi.

It's so wonderful.

I love you.

I don't call myself a celebrity therapist.

I'm a therapist in Los Angeles.

I happen to have some famous clients.

Oh okay.

That makes sense.

Oh okay great.

That's obviously confidential.

Obviously.

Yeah yeah yeah.

That's the whole part of therapy is that by there's some sort of guidelines that is it HIPAA or something doesn't allow you to talk about your patients right?

It's sort of implied.

Oh it's only implied though?

I think it's only implied.

Oh okay great.

Well it's so wonderful to have you Dr. Victor.

Is it?

Dr. Yvette Victor.

You can call me Dr. Victor or Dr. Yvette Victor.

I just did call you Dr. Victor and you seem to take a little umbrage.

So would you prefer Dr. Yvette Victor?

You corrected me in fact.

Okay so I'll.

I've never heard it without my first name.

No it's not.

Even in my entire life.

Do you hear that even that softness she brings it?

It's like so I can feel a therapist inside you even.

I feel like I want to confess anything to you.

Go for it.

Really?

Right now.

Absolutely.

I should you know I thank you for having me on the show.

I really mean it.

I think you know well I've noticed a lot of my patients have been having a hard time.

You know it's been a stress well.

Well it's you know I mean it's approximately two years ago.

Oh god this must be so much what you talk about I'm assuming it therapy right?

I mean I have a lot of clients patients with anxiety.

I have one client a man who really struggles really struggles.

I see him probably three times a week.

Wow wow.

I mean information you're telling us about.

Well I would.

I mean this is pretty non-specific.

Yeah but yeah.

As you can say non-specific things right?

Oh that's exactly.

You can talk generally about your.

Your patients I would imagine.

Exactly.

Okay okay.

He had directed Argo a few years ago.

Directed Argo Ben Affleck?

I'm not going to say any names.

Is it Ben Affleck?

It is Ben Affleck but I'm not.

Jesus Christ.

I mean we just guessed that though.

She didn't actually tell us.

She just confirmed it is Ben Affleck.

I didn't.

We'll edit that obviously.

Yeah well no no no trust me.

I do think our editing machine might have broke over the holidays so I'll see exactly what we can do but.

Well just don't say specifics about him then I guess.

He's trying to know that he's a client I guess.

I guess I'll go on to someone else.

Well hopefully we'll cut it out but did you want to say anything about what he's going through or.

I don't want to.

I know that we've said his name I'm obviously not going to say anything.

Good right.

He had a secret family.

He had a secret family?

Ben Affleck had a secret family.

Obviously this is all off the record.

This is the most on the record.

You're being recorded for all time on a microphone.

That's what this microphone is.

Yes Dr. Hadi.

Oh you're a therapist.

You're not used to being behind these microphones.

No of course I know what a microphone is.

This is my doctor.

Yeah I mean it's not like you tape all of your sessions secretly.

Right I mean.

Oh you have to do that.

You have to do that.

You know that is this is not being silly.

This is a very real thing.

All doctors tape the sessions.

They do.

Is that true?

I'm a therapist I love my therapist and he's taping my sessions.

Absolutely.

Really?

No.

Yes.

Maybe you missed something.

Oh like what kind of thing would you have missed?

Did you weren't listening?

Like you were half listening?

It's honestly you're 45 minutes paying attention from beginning to end is very hard.

I think it's 50 minutes actually.

Five zero.

I do 45 minutes.

You do 45.

Why do you only do 45?

Well because I need five minutes to put my coat on and put my back on.

Five full minutes to put your coat on for a session.

When I take my coat off when I get there.

Oh you missed a rod or is it?

And then I exactly.

Oh you do the Mr. Rodger.

So couldn't you do that before they end?

By the way I apologize I'm not trying to tell I'm not trying to I'm just trying to learn.

Couldn't you do that before the session and after the session because they certainly they have to take off their coat and put it on.

Well that would make it a longer session.

Right.

Okay.

Yeah.

I could call it a 60 minute session and then put my coat take my coat off at the top of it and put it on.

Why do you guys like we pay for an hour I feel like we should get an hour.

You know what I mean?

Right.

Like why don't you guys do an hour and then take 10 minute breaks and you stagger it like you know when you used to go to school and you know you'd have.

Oh that's smart.

You know what I mean?

So like okay I start the day at 10 a.m.

My next session is at 11 10 then 12 20 then you know 1 30 and all that kind of stuff.

Maybe you take a lunch do you take a lunch.

Oh yeah.

What do you do with those 10 minutes in between your session?

Oh.

Or 15 for you I guess.

For lunch I'll take lunch during the session.

Oh.

During the session?

I've never had a complaint about it.

What do you eat?

God just something simple like a salmon but.

A fish.

A spinky fish.

In the middle of therapy?

I don't have a sense of smell.

Oh you have an osmia?

Yeah is that what that is?

Oh you don't even know you're a doctor.

Doctor of that something.

I'm a doctor of the mind.

Oh okay so it's not like you had to go to medical school or anything like that.

I think every day is school.

You know what I mean?

That's good.

I love that.

I like that.

Yeah.

We could ask a general question because I do not want no specifics because I go to therapists I like to know that it's a vault in there.

Of course.

What's the thing now that COVID is happening?

What's the biggest thing you said anxiety is there something that so many people are coming through a lot?

Is there a specific thing that's happening?

Yeah we do hear a lot.

I would love for this show to be able to help people out there.

So that's great.

Scott and if you had.

No I've never felt it before.

I've always thought that I really didn't want people to be helped but at this point I was like oh that would be a cool thing to say that would make me sound great.

You did sound great.

Yeah.

Okay so go hit us.

A lot of accidental families.

A lot of.

Accidental families.

What does that mean?

People like they just let it fly in there without they're not wearing protection.

Exactly.

And they just let it fly.

Is that what you say having sex with a condom?

Yeah.

Hey let's go let it fly.

Yeah.

Exactly.

A lot of deaths.

Die?

A lot of deaths.

Die?

A patient.

No he had killed a kid.

Oh what?

Oh no.

Is that a patient killed a kid?

Obviously this is very confidential.

Do not say their name.

Of course not.

Jason Bateman.

Jason Bateman killed a kid.

Obviously well this is off the record.

Is that what Ozark was based on?

You can't say off the record.

None of this.

Let's say right now nothing is off the record.

We'll edit this though.

I get final cut.

Sorry I continue.

You can't wait.

You cut off Scott.

Did I agree to that?

I thought we had eye contact.

I don't remember even meeting you before this show.

So oh wait were you the person who brushed by me in the.

I was wearing a mask.

I was wearing a mask and you were the only person who wasn't.

That's right.

Yeah don't get me started on that.

I was looking at your mouth.

I was like why isn't this one?

I didn't even see your eyes.

I don't think we had eye contact.

I was smoking.

I think that's true.

That was the.

Yeah smoking in a gelsons?

I was popping in an alpha.

You were blowing the smoke all over the apples.

I was trying to find a Macintosh.

So I was looking closely reading the labels while I was smoking.

So he thought I was doing something crazy.

I was like blowing smoke all over the apples.

To be quite honest.

What do you think of the shrink next door?

Have you seen it?

I haven't seen it.

No.

Why not?

I don't like documentaries.

It's not a documentary.

Although it is based off of hot cats.

Does it star any of your clients?

Maybe you're maybe not.

Well Feral and Catherine Han those are three.

Yeah those are the three.

And Casey Wilson of course.

Casey Wilson is in it too.

Three out of four of them I have seen before.

Sometimes I get clients that don't stay very long.

Honestly I've seen a lot of people that maybe aren't regular clients.

I can only imagine once you bring out the salmon a lot of people just like turn.

You said nobody has a problem with it.

Are you just reading it wrong?

I honestly I mean people have raised objections but I don't know if it's not.

But they don't have a problem with it.

Oh I see.

So what and what are how do they phrase these objections?

Yeah that's true.

What I find interesting is how they respond to it tells me about them and where they are in their journey.

You're using it as a piece of your therapy.

Exactly.

I'm also hungry for it but it's a very important therapy.

Hungry for their information or hungry for the fish.

Both exactly.

Yes that's exactly right.

And you're eating this through every single session.

Do you like sort of portion it out so you have like you know.

I would taste one salmon per week.

You're eating one salmon in a whole week?

Yeah it's a strong fish.

It's a strong fish.

Continuously.

But I'll add sides to it each day.

Each day is a new side.

Okay so you'll have a little bit of the one salmon for every meal.

Well it actually comes out to about four bites.

What are the sides?

It's just Monday through Friday.

I don't work on Saturdays and Sundays.

My phone is off.

Okay this is the strongest.

That was the most passenger we've seen rather than anything.

Why what do you do on Saturdays and Sundays?

That's just time for me.

What do you do?

That's what we're asking.

Well I'm recently married.

Hey congratulations.

It's my it's about I've been married a few times.

Are you married to a celebrity?

No I'm not.

He's not a celebrity.

What does he do?

He's a common man.

Oh.

That's true.

My first husband we divorced.

Oh sorry about that.

Thank you.

I thought you know when you're a therapist everyone assumed I know you guys are looking at me and thinking wow she her life is perfect.

She has it all together.

I don't know.

I think you know I give that impression off as a doctor.

But my first husband.

Yeah what happened there?

I found out if every woman's name or I found out he was stalking another woman.

Instead of you.

Well I mean I would have loved that attention.

But I and I confronted him and I said look you have to choose and he wouldn't commit.

Just stalking you.

To be asked for our relationship.

I always find that really interesting when a therapist gets a divorce because it's like well you couldn't even fix your own life.

Wow that's mean.

Well you can't actually this is a true therapy role.

You can't control others.

You can only control yourself.

Wow okay.

That's a great line.

I love that.

Yeah.

So I couldn't.

So he needed the therapy not you.

I couldn't control him into staying in the marriage.

So I waited and then he left me.

Okay.

But you know the gift of fear.

It's a book.

This is a real thing too.

It's a chapter.

You don't have to say that's a real thing.

You never have to say it's a real thing.

Or is some of what you're saying.

We don't have to be lying ever.

Well the gift of truth.

Gift of fear.

Crypt of fear.

The gift of fear.

Sorry the gift of fear.

Okay so it's not like a comment.

Okay so fear is not a grift.

Like should we embrace fear?

Is it a real thing?

Well gift of fear is about how if if you have a bad feeling there's you should listen to it.

You should listen to it.

Yes.

And most people get killed by being too nice.

Yes.

And it's true because you've asked me to.

Interesting.

It's a polite society.

Exactly.

There's a chapter on stalkers and how basically you want to bore them.

And this is a real thing?

This is a real thing.

Everything I've said obviously is a real thing.

Of course.

Okay.

But basically like one example was if someone keeps calling your phone don't change your number start a second line and so they get tired of calling the first.

Oh okay and then never answer that.

But are you still getting calls on the first line?

Yes but you don't you just turn the ringer off.

What if someone calls and like you know the lottery or.

Well the book says you know well you just have to tell everyone else in your life you have a new number.

The book says every single person in my life.

Oh sounds like a nightmare.

Well you don't have that many people.

Well there's you.

Me, cool up.

Yeah that's about it.

Life is too long.

You can't spend you can't spend all that time assuming things.

Those are two big things I'd like to say.

And you you want life to be shorter.

Life I mean and you want us to spend less time assuming things.

This is how life goes by.

Could life be as long as it is if we spent less time assuming things.

Could look at that again.

Never mind go ahead.

Life goes by if it's life going by to snap it's like.

You are you're trying to snap or.

You can't see her yeah it's a podcast sorry.

Yeah she's trying to.

She's trying to do the slowest.

There's no noise.

There are no cameras.

There no there's no.

You thought there were cameras here.

I assumed I put on.

Do you think was a have you ever seen a camera in real life?

Do you know what they look like?

Yes.

Okay what do you think was a camera here?

Yeah they're looking around them.

She's pointing to your.

You're pointing at the pool umbrella.

Yeah.

No that is not a camera.

I thought you're right.

That is the closest thing to a camera that is in this backyard.

I actually I'm sister I don't want to embarrass you on your show.

I think you're wrong.

You got my.

This is my.

My.

Okay.

Let me walk over.

Yeah no.

Okay.

We got those got those horse heels on.

Very interesting.

Shoot.

Oh okay.

It does open up.

It's a yeah it's an umbrella umbrella.

Open up.

She's she's I was poor.

I was actually pointing past it to Hollywood in general.

Oh I mean the land of a million cameras.

There are a lot of cameras out there right about.

Well look doctor eva Victor.

I feel like I haven't gotten into any of your issues and I hope I have.

Is that what you came here to do?

I do like to you know if anyone needs my service.

We just services.

I definitely do but we don't have time right now.

We have to take a break.

Same time this week.

Wait am I going to charge for this?

Yes.

Well how much does it cost?

How much do you have?

We'll discuss this over the break.

Okay we have to discuss it over the break.

Look we need to come back when we come back we'll have more with Ben Schwartz.

We'll have more doctor eva Victor but this is back everyone.

Thank you.

This is my show I go I go to the break.

I'm sorry for getting angry but you've obviously treated me.

By the way.

Anytime anyone tries to host my show.

Doctor what does this mean?

What does this mean?

We're going to unpack that.

Thank you everyone for coming.

We're going to unpack that after.

Okay look when we come back this is so exciting.

We have Dr. Sweet chap.

The small talk robot over here.

I can't wait.

Very first comedy Ben being of 2022 we'll be right back.

We'll see you then.

Comedy Ben being we're back Ben Schwartz is here of course from the after party coming out January 28th and Tonic the Gin Dog in April.

Sonic the Hedgehog in April.

We also have face what?

Space for space.

Space for space for space for space for space for space for space.

By the way coming out very soon.

Yeah I bet.

We also have Dr. Evad Victor.

Hi again.

How are you?

Hi I'm doing salmon on your lap.

You don't even have a plate.

She took the salmon out during the break and yeah why not played it.

It's very weird.

It's just sitting on your jeans.

I felt rude to ask but is it what I'm not going to give you a plate if you're going to eat salmon bring your own plate.

Oh yeah I didn't have a plate.

Do you have a plate?

Why wouldn't you have offering a plate?

No I don't understand what you brought it.

You took it out of a bag.

Oh god.

Put it on the bag.

It's a sandwich bag.

So I have there's I'm not your sandwich bags are for sandwiches not for loose salmon.

The pitch you're painting to the audience sounds very crazy.

I am sitting with salmon on my lap but there's a plastic on your knee in the salmon.

The hummus I always have who doesn't always have hummus.

It's something out of your pocket.

Who has hummus in their pocket?

Who doesn't have hummus in their pocket?

I don't doctor.

Please empty your pockets right now.

Oh my god there's hummus everywhere.

What is this?

You're a liar.

What the fuck?

Or your imagination.

Either one of those things.

She hasn't winked at me.

I can't wait to meet this.

Wow.

This is exciting because we've never had this I don't even know if to call it a person.

I don't know what the problem is.

I don't know what it is but let's just get to them.

I don't know anything about what this is but please welcome for the very first time on this show Dr. Sweet Chat the small talk robot.

Oh thank you.

Whoa Dr. how are you?

I am doing well.

I am Dr. Sweet Chat the small talk robot.

Oh thank god because I introduced Dr. Sweet Chat the small chat robot and then you start talking and if you were.

Are you going to tell us what you are so I can't I don't want to explain what you look like.

You're a flash covered cube.

Professor Krupp.

I feel like we're.

Okay so you were built by a widower?

Why is that important?

So you and this person was had nobody you were the person to do a small talk with because he was so bad at it.

Wow so so he was a widower how old was he when he was widowed.

Oh wow.

Late 50s early 50s this is important.

502 early 50s.

And then how long have you is he still around I don't know how long you've been alive.

Oh that's great.

Can I ask you he lets you out of the house how do you get around because you're just a flash covered cube you don't even have wheels.

On one roller skate.

And by the way I see the roller skate now it's to the left of you it's one of those all like 70s roller skates that you would strap to tennis shoes.

Oh so when you leave we have to place you on it.

Of course.

Although I'd love to have you you I mean you you're excellent at small talk I've noticed.

Can we pretend that Dr. Yvette sorry Dr. Yvette Victor.

Let's pretend we're at a party have you ever role played before in any of your sessions.

I have yes.

What kind of role plays do you normally do.

Oh I always play a mother.

Oh okay do you want to play mother this are you a mother.

I have three beautiful children.

Hey with your first husband.

With my first friends they don't speak to me but I can role play a mother.

Okay well that's just you being yourself though.

Right I could role play.

So something totally different than what you are.

Okay oh this is exciting good an Olympic swimmer.

Great great great all right and we're at a party celebrating you you got the silver.

Sure okay.

We prefer the gold or okay let's give her the gold.

All right why not.

All right all right so we're at a party.

Hey Ben do you see her over there.

Holy shit is that that Olympic swimmer.

I didn't watch any of the Olympics except for her.

I heard her final race was unbelievable.

She was going so slow but the other people were even slower.

I've never seen anything like it.

I know.

I've never seen anything like it.

I guess there were a lot of spiders in a little bit.

It's like a game and went.

The rain's been warm is that what you said?

We got our first rain showers.

I've never really judged the heat of rain.

I guess when we go outside you don't really feel it.

Right right me to where you agree or this is a program.

Anyone here love one?

No skiing?

I don't think that's a thing.

I think it has to be downhill skiing because cross country skiing is lovely.

You can't ski up the gravity you're pushing down.

Why?

Because Snow is learning.

He's learning.

He's learning to not ask the same question.

Snow is very slippery and anytime you try to go up you'll just end up skiing backwards.

That's closer.

I mean you're in the ballpark which if you're playing baseball that's close to you.

That's where you want to be.

It means you've arrived to work.

You have a pointy ball?

Pointy ball?

Pointy ball.

Pointy ball?

I don't think it can be a ball if it's pointing.

Whoa Jesus.

Jesus.

What about a football genius?

Jesus.

That's that small top that's you being rude.

Please, but no you're doing it to add right now.

What?

Go slower.

Professor Kruppie's experiments.

We're funded by banana and poms.

Why?

That's not a part of small tuck.

Okay.

Wow.

Okay.

God.

Yes Professor.

Oh this happens to be a belt from banana republic.

Yeah.

Should we pretend that we're on an elevator together?

Yeah.

I just want to be the swimmers because I feel like you didn't get a chance to weigh in.

That's okay.

It was fun.

I mean like we were talking we kind of expected you to enter at some point.

I was enjoying the scene.

Yeah.

I mean it was pretty compelling scene.

It was.

But this is beyond small tuck.

I've overtaken the conversation.

You haven't allowed anybody to really talk back to you at all.

That'd be great.

Yeah.

I mean.

Do you think it makes you don't interest in business?

I'm comfortable.

Are dogs uncomfortable underwater?

I mean underwater.

I'm like, I'm just going to stop it.

I'm coming.

That's a doctor.

Oh I say two doctors.

We've never had two doctors.

This is terrible.

Maybe this is what happens when.

Oh I'm nagging.

So do you find this doctor attractive?

Yes.

Oh let's hear your romance.

Do you mind Dr. if you allow him to romance you?

No.

Let's pretend I'm on the elevator.

Yeah you're on the elevator.

You're the swimmer and you're unmarried.

Yeah.

Just to give it more time let's say I've just hit floor 203.

Do you mind if I cross your corner?

Oh that's true.

To be honest I wouldn't want it to be.

I would try something that's less damaging or sounds physically painful.

Under the bed?

Under the bed.

Is it flavored?

Yeah I can't flavor.

I've never heard of Dr. you're flying up a hit.

Now Dr. why has this made you feel so unhappy.

This is good for you to look at yourself.

A flavor town just sounded, I didn't know what it meant.

I think he's intimating that he'd like to eat.

There's no other way to say it.

You've already been to a steak don't start with eat.

You're poor.

No no no no.

That's what he meant.

That's fine.

Sorry Mr. Sten.

It's working then.

Robot it's working.

Dr.

Sten.

Oh my way to your stomach.

All the weight of a flesh colored cube.

By the way what are your dimensions?

I am a freak and choose my friend and choose my friend and choose my friend and choose my friend and choose my friend.

So you're like the size of like what a match the case but if it was totally square genius.

And then you're way 400.

It's comparing women's to match.

This is like three inches by three inches.

During the break of course you are comparing everything.

Everything to match.

Have you practiced small talk when someone throws it at you?

Of course.

Oh please.

Doctor.

Oh yeah.

We're outside a bank.

You don't have to keep saying where we are.

Oh okay.

I stepped outside.

It's hot out today.

So we can find it.

Did you say let's lose the phone?

I think it's funny that we can't understand them.

Because he's a small talk robot.

So have the small talk about how we don't understand what he's saying.

Just so I understand.

I went up to him and said how about this more weather.

That's great.

Let's lose the phone lady.

He said let's lose the phone lady.

Where do you want your phone?

You know what I bet the phone was in my hand.

That's how you got the information about the weather.

I am coming from the bank.

That's actually really good.

That's great.

That's the first good small talk thing you've said.

Oh no.

He's a crypto guy.

Oh god.

I understand.

Yeah.

This is a flow.

Yeah.

Great.

I was going to say a piece of paper.

Oh my god.

This is working.

You guys are kind of hitting it off.

That's so interesting.

I do like music.

It's good.

I guess I like a little.

People describe genres of music they like more than what kind of songs they like.

Yeah.

Rock and roll.

Yeah.

I would love to hear your favorite.

That's the title of the song.

Oh, that's the sound.

So your favorite song is an old man sipping seltzer.

What?

I don't understand what you're talking about.

He wants you to leave him alone.

I want to see how you handle and tag.

I want to see how you handle like conflict.

I've never seen a flush cube sweat before.

Yeah.

This is inspiring.

It's very heavy.

It's such a small cube.

It's like a matchstick.

Hey, sir.

Get out of my seat, sir.

That's my seat.

I paid for it.

We're at Madison Square Garden and I want my seat.

Get out of it.

Okay.

That's not common.

That's a good way of dealing with it.

Here you go.

What?

What was that?

Do you have a friend with you?

Your rap series is enabled.

The house is going on.

So we sounded like a regular human.

Why don't you sound as good as Siri?

I'm supposed to sound like a normal game.

You sound like a robot.

When you're like, I'm drunk.

Oh, I'd love to hear it.

Please, I can't believe you're packed with so many things.

You go from one to the other, so quick.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, that's a robot for you.

I just robot brains move quicker than that.

That's true.

One to the other.

Say to the other.

What did the razors say to the umbrella?

Raisin.

Raisin?

I'm usually pretty good at these jokes.

It's great that we have to repeat everything that you say, and we get it wrong half the time.

It's really filling up the time.

Okay, we've got a lot of content.

All three of us seem to be pretty.

We know jokes right now.

What are the raisins say?

Well, this is the riddler, which we used to do.

Riddle me this.

Oh, Riddle me this, of course.

What are the raisins say?

Let's all take a guess.

What's the question?

What are the raisins say to the umbrella?

It's a joke.

Okay, so we have to set up to a joke.

What is he curious about?

He's curious about.

I don't think he's curious about the ziggy episode.

Jesus, I'm shitting on the other.

Very safe.

Everyone take a guess.

What was the raisin say to the umbrella?

I'm happy we're both dried up now.

Okay, that could be it.

Hey, I could have used you because before I was a prune.

There you go.

Oh, that's good.

Okay, what do you got?

I guess he's wondering.

Wow.

You're trying to figure out his side.

Well, it's here.

Fine.

What is he wondering?

Raisins and umbrellas.

I mean, that's obvious.

What is it?

I mean, obviously a raisin, he feels small.

He's tiny.

You know, this is obviously a saw.

Yeah, but that's the umbrella.

And umbrella goes large.

It's like 60 minutes.

Okay.

But it also can protect him.

Oh, okay.

So what did the raisin say to the umbrella?

I think he said protect me.

Oh, hey, interesting.

You're very good at your job.

Yeah.

Oh, my God.

So what did the raisin say to the umbrella?

Oh, no.

Is that the joke?

Oh, no.

You forgot the answer.

Oh, no.

I'm trying to hear you.

Ah, yeah.

I would.

Yeah.

What did the chef say when the book fell on his toe?

We're getting better at understanding.

Yeah.

We're still repeating in case of the audience.

Of course.

We're able to read his lips.

You have like a little slit in your cube.

Okay.

So what did they say?

And that's your mouth, by the way.

Do you eat?

What do you eat?

Baby carrots and stuff.

Yeah.

Was that the answer to the joke?

Oh, I don't think so.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

I thought about your punch lines.

Oh, no.

I guess.

Do you know, like, why do you think these are funny?

These are jokes to you?

These are hilarious jokes.

We're in the book.

Where did the brick get his diploma from?

Okay.

We should have guessed that.

What does that mean?

Repetition doctor.

So much repetition.

I mean, he knows the rule of threes in comedy.

Well, that's the idea of another joke.

That was the third one.

Yeah, but now he has four.

You already did that.

That's how he is.

Oh, no.

Why no?

We know this one.

You know, it's interesting.

Repetition and therapies is a lot of times people keep doing the same thing, hoping for a different outcome.

Yes, of course.

Oh, by the way.

Jesus Christ.

I know.

You're throwing a dog in your swoosh.

You're threatening her.

Why are you smoking right now?

I like that.

Oh, yeah.

You want large talk?

Okay.

Well, you're the therapist and two people were pretty open.

Absolutely.

I'm going to start putting my coat on while you're talking.

Go ahead.

Yeah, she stood up in the salmon just to spill it all over the ground.

What's the one who took breakfast and cookies and grief?

What?

Oh, no.

I thought he created you because his wife was dead.

But he created you because she was dead.

Wait, did you build the time machine?

And that doesn't make any sense.

She died.

He built you.

You went back in time and killed her before she died.

Wow.

Okay, this makes sense.

Is it a joke or no?

Yeah, sure.

What did the show say with the book?

Look, Dr. Sweet Chat.

We're coming up on another break.

So, Dr. Sweet Chat.

Did we accomplish your goal of having deep chat?

Okay.

Do you feel better?

Do you have feelings that like do you feel better after talking about something deep like that?

Oh, good.

Well, that's what therapy is all about.

So, I mean, everybody's lucky that you are here, Dr.

Yeah.

I was talking to him.

Oh, right.

Right, of course.

Sorry, I should be more specific.

I call you Dr.

Doctor, Dr. Can you guys do because it's your doctor's?

That might be good.

Oh, I go.

Let's see.

Do you know what it's just Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr.

Oh, just say Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr. Dr.

What is it from?

Is it from a Spice like us or something?

Fair play.

I know.

They'll move you single all the way.

Are you sponsored by them as well?

Oh, right.

I know.

Oh, no.

All right.

I know.

It's like an amen.

We need to take a break.

We'll be right back.

County Bang Bang.

We're back here.

Ben Schwartz, by the way, had the leave.

That was really strange.

Wasn't it Dr.

Eved Victor?

Yeah, it was very strange.

He got very upset by Dr.

Small, Dr.

Sweet Chat, the small talk robot.

Yeah, but we have another guest on the show.

Oh, that's nice.

Yeah, we are.

The good thing about a comedy bang bang is whenever a guest leaves, they're forced to cover their shift.

So Ben set up another guest for us.

I see Ben still in his car trying to reverse out the driveway.

Yeah, no.

He's he.

He's saying beep, beep, beep, beep.

It's weird.

Oh, my God.

That's good to help anything.

All right.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

This is very exciting.

This is another doctor.

We have a three doctor show here.

Oh, my God.

This is incredible.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Dr.

Sturgeon, the rock and roll surgeon.

Oh, wow.

How are you, everybody?

How are you, Dr. Sturgeon here?

The rock and roll surgeon?

Well, I like to do surgery.

Well, it's in a rock and roll, baby.

Oh, wait.

So your surgery doesn't have the qualities of rock and roll.

It's just you listen to rock and roll.

Oh, it does.

The scalpels my axe.

The scalpels also my drum and the scalpels my bass.

Do you use any other equipment other than just a scalpel?

You know what?

Sometimes you got to go with what works, baby.

But I'll pop it up.

I'll go to the show.

We have a couple of other doctors on the show.

Yeah, I meet them.

Yes, of course.

This is Dr. Event Victor, a celebrity therapist.

How are you?

I know a lot of surgeons do listen to music while they're performing surgery.

Oh, yeah.

I love listening to music, but I love listening to hard rock when I'm doing it.

You know what I mean?

Like what?

What?

How hard?

Megadeth.

Kenny G. James Taylor.

Unplugged.

Can I ask you a question?

Yes, of course.

Is wearing your...

Can you put out your cigarette when you talk to me, Miss?

Absolutely.

I'll put the ashtrab over there.

Thank you.

You also have a cigar in your other hand.

Can you put that?

You want both out?

Yes.

Sorry, yes.

I'm sorry, but yes, it's really...

I know we're outside, but...

My question for you is, are you allowed to do what you're doing wearing the lab coat, but no shirt underneath?

Yeah.

Absolutely.

I wear a leather vest.

I wear a...

Oh, that's leather.

I thought those were flesh.

Is that a light leather under?

This is a leather coat.

It's flesh.

Yeah, it's flesh color.

I used to live in sunny Florida, and now I don't.

I've never seen a leather vest that is actually like pink like skin.

Yeah, I like people that...

Exactly what happened is what I'm trying to do.

How do they match that?

It's because it's an exact match to your own skin.

Yeah, well, I'm a surgeon.

So what I do is I cut off skin from other people.

I put it on my own skin.

You ever see Buffalo Bill?

Oh, no.

Oh, fuck.

Is that?

What the fuck is that?

That little cube over there with this tiny little...

Yeah.

That's a USB port.

Really?

Oh, Macron?

That's just a...

That's a USB port.

Really?

Oh, Macron?

That's a...

That's your small talk?

Yes.

You know, by the way, this type of robot over here, the stuff that we used to do tests on when you're learning how to do surgery with scallions.

Really?

You get like a flash cover of the robot, so you don't kill anybody.

Really?

I feel like 30 of those fucking things here.

Really?

Oh, okay.

Well, is that what happened to you?

Your doctor...

Because you...

Wait, your doctor is a doctor.

Ah, you're a doctor.

You're a professor.

But we don't call him a doctor.

Oh, I used to work on Professor Croupey's wife.

Okay.

Yeah, I heard she died, and then in the past she died.

What happened?

Oh, is this a joke?

All right.

Well, welcome to the show, Dr. Sturgeon.

It's so...

You don't know what I like to do with a cadaver, but I got a real nice cadaver.

You have the sound of a drumstick off a head, then a nip, then a toop, then a toop, and a toop, and a toop, and a toop, and a toop, but I like to bang.

May I ask you a question?

Yes, please doctor.

You're a surgeon.

You're a surgeon, yes.

You just said you love when you get a cadaver.

Are you referring to when a patient dies on your table?

That's what I'm saying.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So you're not going down there in the morgue and just like drumming on random cadavers.

These are cadavers that are dead because of what you did.

Well, yeah, but not by any purpose.

Of course, I'm not trying to kill these people.

Right.

You know, but sometimes...

But if it happens...

Well, listen, if you listen to a fucking hard rock Kenny Loggin song, if the heat is on, and you're slicing and dicing, and you got your scalp pull, and just one of that that, you know, that part of the goes, the heat is...

Is that Kenny Loggin song?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's Kenny Loggin, right?

I'm a sweet Glenfry.

Glenfry.

You know, so Glenfry, you listen to that Glenfry, but Kenny Loggin says a great version of it that we listen to.

Oh, no, of course.

So you have like a bootleg version.

No, Kenny Loggin comes to the surgery room, refuses to wash up, and then the heat is...

Dop, dop, dop, dop, dop, and then I slice real too hard sometimes.

What percentage of your patients pass away?

I mean, I guess 100% will pass away.

That's funny.

Oh, no.

Right?

Robot?

Yes.

Oh, and you say, oh, yes.

You're making progress.

Oh, no.

Okay, got it.

But what percentage of people die on the table?

For me, honestly, I say 50-50.

50-50 die, so 50% chance 100% of them die.

Oh, are you doing elective surgery?

You're doing plastic surgery?

I also do, yes.

So it's plastic surgery.

Well, what do you want?

Baby, what do you want, baby?

Oh, God.

I would love to...

I'd be curious what you think I need.

Yeah, are you?

I mean, do we need to get the marking pens out here and mark her up?

Watch this, watch this, watch this robot.

I heard that you like learning how to romance.

Watch this.

Hey, you?

Me?

Yes.

Nothing.

Oh.

You're perfect.

Oh, oh.

But I would do cheek-snows, eyebrows, forehead, ears, fingers, fingertips, legs, fingers.

Fingertips.

Fingertips, yeah.

What's wrong with her fingertips?

I have her fingerprints disgusting.

I mean, they smell like salmon.

Yeah, their fingerprints are disgusting.

Look at all those fingerprints.

They're like disgusting.

I do have a...

It's interesting.

I would do your fang teeth.

I would do your molar teeth.

My fang teeth.

Yeah, your fang teeth.

You want them sharper or more square?

My friend, I like them as sharp as they can get.

Oh, wow.

I want them to be toothpicks so you can put your salmon on there.

Keep them all day.

You can just lick that salmon all day.

Yes, darling.

I'm sorry.

Well, she's a doctor.

She's competitive with me.

I got to show them.

Nagging her.

Yeah, it's three doctors right now.

You can have three doctors on your mind.

I'm sorry, I wasn't here.

I wasn't here.

Oh, this is another...

I'm not a Republican.

Okay, got it.

So, Dr. Sturgeon, you're a plastic...

Dr. Sturgeon, the rock and roll surgeon.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's what I wanted to be.

Why did you get into plastic surgery?

Did you just walk around looking at women saying like, oh, they...

No, I got to blast it, please.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, my mom was born with three lips.

Three lips.

She had one lower lip and two, like her bottom lip and then two upper lips.

Two upper lips?

That's one, too many.

So, any time she kissed me, you'd feel like a really weird kiss and a really weird, like, like a fish.

Like a catfish.

Like a catfish, just like, yeah.

So, I removed her lips.

Of your own?

I removed all three of her lips.

Oh, wow.

Did you put two back?

Did you put two other people's lips back?

That's okay.

That's usually not what plastic surgeons do, is take parts from other people's bodies.

Well, I've never seen the movie Face Off.

Yeah.

Face?

Oh, you have the small talk.

What do you think about Face Off?

Oh, why?

Because it's around 60 minutes.

That's three hours and...

A little less than three hours.

Oh, I guess a little under.

But I'm crazy.

That's why your favorite movie, have you ever seen it?

Well, what are your favorite movies?

What's another one?

Oh, great movie.

Have you seen the movie?

And what do you think of the movie?

Yeah, but what do you think of the content?

What do you think of the songs?

Lost?

The girls in the party?

Oh, wait, you're not the new show.

The movie.

You're smoking again.

You're sweating.

Can I put this in your slip?

Wait, maybe you need surgery.

Do you want me to operate on you?

You look like you need surgery.

Okay, come here.

Okay, I'm going to slice open this mouth a little bit wider so you can put bigger caratid.

There you go, open up there.

Right now the chin pop, it's okay.

Oh, God, it's coming right out somewhere else.

Something's coming out.

Something's coming out of the box.

Something is coming in.

Oh, my, this is, it's like a butterfly emerging from a cocoon.

Oh, he's going to...

No, he's sleeping.

It's his...

The runway.

This is the...

Wait, no, wait, wait.

This is the...

Yeah, yeah.

Hey, hey, hey.

Hey.

Ha, ha, ha, ha.

Sweet chat.

How do you feel?

I just cut your mouth open a little wider.

I feel amazing.

Doctor, can I ask you something?

Me, Doctor.

Yes, I'm sorry.

You mentioned face off.

And I had heard that that was not, that was actually based off a real story.

Is that true?

Well, I mean, you're being coy.

You're being coy.

All right, here we go.

I'm about to show you.

This is what I'm famous for.

All right, go with the whole doctor.

I had heard it.

She's eating coy.

Anyway, go.

This is, I heard that I was based off a real story and that there was a surgeon involved with this process.

The year was 1985.

Yep, here we go.

There I was.

What?

Bangor hair.

I had a head.

What's the thing that wraps around your head?

A headband.

A scalp.

I had a scalping on top of that was a headband.

I had my big old boots on and I don't know why this gentleman comes in and says, I want my face to be ripped off and put on a different person's face.

And I say, that sounds insane.

And he goes, I got at least 30 bucks to tell you it ain't.

Whoa.

Okay.

So I rip off this gentleman's face and it's flopping around like that salmon on the ground.

Oh, you okay?

You've got his face first.

That's salmon by the way, he's flopping around on the ground.

Is that a live salmon?

Yeah, that's a live salmon.

While you were eating it?

I didn't realize that was a live honestly.

Jesus Christ.

Sorry.

You were just.

I could kill that for you if you want.

I got a 50% chance that is 100% chance.

I'm going to kill that.

Can we do some surgery on it?

Yeah.

I mean, that flesh robot did pretty good, right?

There you go.

Anyway, I take that face and I'm looking for this other guy, but I took the face off so early.

I didn't know what face you want me to switch it with.

That's what I was going to ask.

I'm surprised you didn't set it up.

The second face before taking on the person.

I didn't.

I went right off of this face and I never got the information of who else.

Oh, no.

So I just flipped that on a bear.

This is probably what you heard, doctor, right?

Yeah.

So there's a bear out there with this guy's face on it?

Oh, yeah.

And I'm not allowed to tell because of the HIPAA, the confidentiality agreement.

I'm not allowed to tell Bobcat, Gold Flakes face to a little number.

No way.

Yeah.

That is crazy.

In 1985.

1985.

While he was starring in the police academy.

That's right before police academy.

Right before.

So there was time travel involved in police academy as well.

Siri, what year did the police academy come out?

1984.

Yeah.

Sorry.

You're wrong.

Wait, what's the running time though?

Oh, wait, wait.

I have to just use it first and I'll do it.

Go.

The running time is 120 minutes.

Why would police academy?

What is the running time of police academy?

Which is nice.

Oh, no.

I'm not going to do it.

Which one?

Oh.

Which one?

Jesus Christ.

Police academy is one hour and 36 minutes long.

Wait.

Oh, you're wrong.

So you're not connected to the internet or anything like that.

Oh, okay.

It is funny.

I am enjoying you.

What is a...

What is a bird made of?

I'm not going to do it.

Beautiful.

I feel like it turned into an opening up the Plugback theme.

When you played back, you were going to play it back.

To be honest, I wasn't paying that close of attention.

What happens now is that you don't play it the whole year anyway.

You play it for like half a year and then you play a different version of it.

That's usually what happens.

Guys, I want to thank you so much Ben, obviously.

Thank you so much for being our first guest of the year.

It is my pleasure and is an honor.

Always wonderful to have you.

As a doctor of that Victor, I want to thank you so much.

You really came on here and I was worried about you because you didn't seem like a real guest.

Oh, that's interesting.

You kept saying like, oh, but this is real.

Dad, yeah, like I said.

But then you explained yourself.

You got some real bits of knowledge.

I feel like I learned so much today.

I'm really glad.

Any tips for our listeners out there?

Any one last thing you want to say to anyone out there?

I'm trying to be stupid.

He's just Christ.

I mean, he is just projecting something onto me.

That's what it seems like you're into it though.

I got to say it.

I feel connection.

I mean aren't you newly married?

I am.

And I do mean this is a strictly doctor patient.

Doctor.

Which doctor?

Which can be, you know, the Thompson twins saying about it.

I mean, the doctor-doctor connection is real.

It's a sexy one, honestly.

Yeah, wow.

It's quite platonic.

How can something be sexy and platonic at the same time?

It's the only relationship I know.

Would you say it?

Joonie Garland.

Joonie Garland is sexy and platonic, I guess.

Exactly.

Yep.

I get it.

Okay.

And Doctor Sweetchat.

Here you go.

I'll pick you up right now.

Okay.

Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait.

I need help.

How are we supposed to put you on this?

What is inside you that is so heavy?

Yes.

Your climax button.

Will we miss it or we hit it?

Will we miss it?

What happens if we hit it?

Let's try to hit it.

It's good we miss it.

Yes.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪♪ I'm going to go ahead and get the shot.
