♪♪♪ I spoke to your dead grandma, she said she's proud of you for never masturbating. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Okay, thank you for that catchphrase, Professor Fourthkin. Professor Fourthkin, aka Thor there are, something like that. And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Very deep into January 2022. We have an exciting show for you today. My name is Scott Ocarman and we have such a good show for you today. I think you're really gonna love this.

You're gonna want to listen to it at half speed to really make it last. To really make it last twice as long. This is an incredible episode. Coming up a little later, we have a man of the cloth. We have a man of the cloth coming a little later.

Boy, that's exciting. I love to talk about the big issues and, you know, is there a God? Is there not a God? That's about all the big issues I can think of. We also have a hip hop superstar coming up.

That is exciting. That'll be a little bit later on the show. But first, let's get to our first guest. She's been on the show before. This is, of course, in 2020 was the show where we talked to interesting people. And then in 2021, it was humanity's podcast. And I believe the animal kingdom became a part of that as well as the humanity and the animal kingdoms podcast. I'm not sure what it is in 2022. But, you know, last week we had a robot on and this week we have somebody who works at a gym.

So, you know, I don't know. We used to have big guests. I remember Paul Rudd came on in the first couple of years. We had who's the, who's the, Colonel Brian a few years back. Now we have somebody who works at a gym. And we had a robot last week.

All right. Well, anyway, let's get to her.

She's been on the show several times before. She works at a gym. I think I mentioned that.

Please welcome Becky. Hi Scott. Thanks so much for having me. Hi, Becky. Hi. Hi.

Becky, I'm realizing, but you pronounce it Biki. It's Biki.

So it's actually spelled B-I.

Biki from the team. I think the wiki is wrong. And that's spelled W-I-K-I.

Nice. It's Biki. Oh, okay. Biki. I'm sorry. I'm pronouncing it wrong. I was saying Becky.

Biki. Becky. You can't even say Becky. Biki. Biki. I think I'm saying it. Biki. Yeah, you sort of are. Yeah. Welcome back. Thank you for even me. Yeah.

Welcome back to the show. You haven't been on in probably a year and. Oh, yeah. No, it's been a long time for me. Well, you know, Jim's all closed down when this pandemic started. So I can only imagine you've been out of work this time.

So, Scott, that actually, it was like a whirlwind for me.

It can, what way?

Kim, completely uprooted my life. My life is in totally different now. So whirlwinds.

Oh, whirlwind. You're saying whirlwinds uproot lives, much like they do trees and houses.

Absolutely. So for me, obviously, you know, I was working at Total Fitness. I was wiping D in the machine. Was it Total Fitness or 24 hour fitness?

24 hour. Total fitness. Oh, that's the same company. So your company is combined over the pandemic.

Oh, they did. Yeah. They were like, why not work together? I mean, if you have fitness for 24 hours, that's the total amount of fitness you can get. So I mean, why shouldn't these companies combined? They were like, we don't want to just be total and we don't want it to just be 24 hour. We want it to be totally 24 hour. Oh, is it called totally 24 hour? It's called now.

Congratulations. Yeah. So obviously, you know, I was working with my boss, she's a total beach.

Right. Right. Yes. We talked about her before. If you haven't heard Bicki's last few appearances, you sort of feud with Shannon at the gym. The machine ends always like, he not wiping down the machine's curry clay. What is the correct way to wipe down a machine? I feel like if you clockwise, oh, if you do a counterclockwise, dirt still stays on. Yeah, there's actually you put more dirt on the machine. No, it's filthy.

It's like in this casting school. No. So you were wiping you basically, Shannon, I don't want to call her what you call her. But by the way, are you seeing a bitch? It's just saying a bit.

Oh, okay. That's a totally different word. So she and you have been feuding. Yeah. And what's been going so so then did the everything shut down? Yeah.

Sorry. Okay. So basically what he was wondering, I mean, the sneak room, you know, what the sneak room? What the sneak room? Oh, the snack room. I thought you were trying to say, Oh, my God. I was in this like, Chrome, I just have in some of my, um, fanions in somebody comes in and they say, is my crons coming? Were they panicked? Like, like, uh, one of those whirlwinds you were talking about was coming in like a well and spinning, spinning. Oh, you know, I was trying to say were they as afraid of Omocron as the, as one would be of a whirlwind, not that they were spinning themselves, but strangely enough, I hit on exactly what happened.

They were spinning round. Yeah. And I said, Oh, my gosh, I got to get into here. I start spinning, you know, and I spin my way out of there. Is that where everyone does this gym? They just, they traverse from room to room in this gym by spinning. It's a great workout. I guess so, I mean, spinning classes, they taught you everything. Right.

Oh, interesting.

Yes. And maybe you should go and take a clist sometime. So why did you look down at my body when you said that? I go outside that day and I'm kind of like, what the fuck am I going to do? You know, the gym is closed. My whole life is a brooded. Yeah, because you, you were living, yeah, you were living. I used to sleep in the snake room.

Right. The snake room, the snack room.

Yes. Used to sleep there. And did you also have another job?

Unlike. No, that's someone else I would know who works at Eddabevix.

Maybe I worked there. Did I? I don't know. I know. Maybe someone worked at the Eddabevix because no, I would go to the Eddabevix next door. Right. And I kind of was having like a little flirty thing with some of the Ytresses there. Maybe. Right. Right.

But I used to go through my pee-pee-melt every day to the Eddabevix. Right. Your pity-melt.

So, but Eddabevix closed down the day to. Right. Everything's closed down. Restaurants, gyms. So, I'm like, what the kid can we go? Even restaurants and gyms. And this guy comes up to me. Totally random.

You're outside at this point. You're not in the snack room.

I'm inside. He says, I'm an agent. Whoa. Sliche-minager. I don't think you can be both, but okay.

I'm an agent. I'm an agent, Sliche-minager. And you are one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen in my life. So, he was saying man or woman or other. Just beautiful. Just standing. Wow. And I said, oh my gosh, I hid no idea. I hid absolutely no idea. Wow.

And you had no idea that you were so attractive to this guy.

Like I knew. I mean, you never met him. How would you know that you're attractive to this guy?

Well, but I am restrictive on a universal level, Scott. Oh, oh. I see you think that everyone finds you attractive, not just this guy. I don't think Scott. I am universally an absolutely good looking person.

Oh, okay. So, I just didn't know it because I'm humble.

Yeah, I didn't know either, I guess, because I'd looked at you. Excuse me. I mean, you're fine.

Okay. So, anyway, he says to me, I'm bad to make your life totally different.

I said, thank you.

I'm just surprised because you I like basically when guests come in, and this is something I've never admitted on the show, but I sort of mentally put them into like a category, sure, ago or not, I'll go. And you've always been in the Uggo category to be. So, it's like, I'm just surprised that you are maybe in a glasses. Oh, okay. Yeah.

Maybe near goggles. Beer goggles? No, because your vision is all cloudy and mistop.

Oh, okay. I beg your pardon. I don't again, that it's, you know, the only reason I say this is not to insult you. It's just merely because I'm surprised because of the category I'd put you in.

But actually you're not in salty middle. What actually opens up for me is sort of there's something wrong with you. Oh, okay. That could be because what this agent agent has done for my agent such miniature is that he basically said, let's make you famous. And I said, oh, that guy, I guess. Okay. Famous for what? As a beautiful person? As an actor, slash model. So basically, yes, it's a beautiful person.

And he says, let's change your name.

Oh, for stage nine, because Bicky, you know, it's kind of unusual. Yeah. Well, there's also that, that song about Becky with the good hair and all that kind of stuff. You know, that's Bicky.

Oh, you're Dicky. Yeah, exactly. So you can still sort of unusual name. Right. So I said, okay, fine. What should I go about? He goes, Lily Sullivan.

Oh, so he has been asking you to change your name to this random kind of what's the genealogy of this?

It's like, yeah. So I said, okay, let's change it. And turns out there's there happens to be another Lily Sullivan, but she's a comedian in Los Angeles.

She's not famous at all.

No, yeah. No, in fact, I know who you're talking about, because I've run into her a couple of times here in Los Angeles. She's all about town and all that.

Well, I don't know that she's necessarily out in these streets as much as, you know, some, but she like, I think that she is, you know, I mean, she's she's I also categories categorize people in like famous or not famous. She's she's been in the not famous column for a long time, as long as I've known her pretty well. Okay, well, so anyway, we're not really talking about her though.

We're talking about my Lily Sullivan.

Right. So I am like, so your name is Lily Sullivan now. My name, my stage name is Lily Sullivan. Everybody calls me Biki like behind my big can all that.

Back your back. Well, in my back, I'm still Biki, but online and in the movies, because I've already just news pledge. I've been in a lot of movies already. So in the last year and a half, you've been in movies? I have been in a movies with Daniel Readcliffe. Really?

I've been in movies with Tony Collette. Tony Collette. I've been in movies.

Oh, Ozzy. Oh, wait. No, you're not. You're not Australia.

No, I'm from Ohio.

Right. You just you traveled there for a month. I leave abroad with a female. Right.

For a month. For a month. 30 days, 31 or 28? Was it February? He was 28. It was February. Oh, okay.

So actually, but you know, to the date of right, you know, oh, yeah, basically, you know. Well, I mean, how many years ago it obviously couldn't have been two or six or 10, because those would have been leap years. And that would have been 29 days. He was seven seven years ago.

Yeah. Okay. Wow. Sorry. Anyway, I I've also been in movies with a girl from Game of Thrones.

I'm doing really good girl from Game of Thrones. Wow. Yeah.

So the one who got sexually assaulted or the other one who got sexually assaulted.

The one that got double sexually assaulted. Oh, double.

Okay.

So then basically what has happened to me, though, Scott, is I realized I'm taking off.

I am doing so 60s away and I'm so young. Yeah. How? I mean, how young are you? I mean, I'm 27. You're 27. So you lived on Australia in 2015 when you were 20. Yes.

And you were born in 1995. These are all your facts. I have.

Let me pull on my Wikipedia.

Yeah.

Because you don't look up the other Lily Sullivan's Wikipedia, which as far as I'm concerned, it doesn't exist. Yeah. Yeah. As Scott once said, just a couple of things to separate me from the Lily Sullivan. First of all, I have like 26,000 followers on Instagram already. Scott. Oh, and you but you've been in three movies?

That doesn't seem like a lot if you've been in three movies. I mean, I have like a hundred and whatever and I've been in only Austin Powers, Goldmitter. But these is me just starting at Scott. Like I'm actually just starting. Sorry. Right. Think about it the way. Okay. Have these movies come out? These movies that with me came out. Daniel Radcliffe and all that. Okay.

So the movie with Daniel Radcliffe that I was in. Yeah. Please try it. I know. By the way, he's filmed him's Harry Potter.

That's how a lot of people know him. So if you're out there listening and you don't know who we're talking about, who is this Daniel Radcliffe?

Daniel Radcliffe. He's in films. He's the boy who lived. I'm trying to look up my movies because there's so many at this point I'm kind of forgetting. Okay. But I was in, you know, I mean tall.

Mental. Yeah. Meant all.

That was with Tony Gollit. He runs with Tony Gollit. Oh, okay. And what is mental about?

Let's take a look because again, I'm so busy. I got it. You don't even remember what it was about.

I kind of it was all just a big to big. I was in his movie.

Yeah. When you're in a movie, do you? I mean, you're being cast because you're ostensibly beautiful. Is that what?

Exactly. So Scott, again, I'm fucking gorgeous. I'm about, I say, five eight.

I'm a high eight. Five eight. Oh, so you're five eight. I'm five eight. Oh, that's tall.

Yeah. This tall, really solid in the American comedian girl.

Right. Right. From Chicago.

Yeah. She's like five toe. Five two, really? It's sick. It's disgusting. I'm about 100.

I heard she like when she sits in a chair, she like pulls her little legs up and goes cross-legged on a chair. And the weird thing that I heard about her is she asks permission if she can do it from the homeowner. I actually don't think that's that weird because I think with her, she was probably being polite. Didn't know if she could put his shoes on your couch.

Well, the shoe part of it, okay, so you're hitting on what her thing is, but the shoe part of it, I didn't realize was the real question. Like, hey, it wasn't posed to me as, can I put my shoes on your chair? It was, can I cross my legs? Which is just a strange question to ask permission of. Well, you know, we mean in this country and all across the world, actually, Scott, wake up. Yeah. Even in Australia. Even in Australia.

I got more pieces here.

Dealisticism. And so what happens is they start asking permission for everything.

Yeah. And it's kind of ingrained in them. It's sort of fact-app.

So for you, maybe you should think about that. It's better to ask for forgiveness than it is for permission. I wish, I think in 2022, women all over the world, not just here. I think men should ask for forgiveness.

Okay. I think men should ask for what? For what? What do we do?

Everything that you guys do. Everything? Yeah, the way you walk around.

Why you, you 12 out the rock. Okay, you saw me, you saw me setting up here. Okay. And that's, I didn't realize you were watching me, first of all. The way you're sitting in the middle, you little, you little crock boots. Hey, there's sponsor of my other show.

Must be nice. Yeah. So you, you, uh, uh, you don't remember what any of these movies were about.

You only remember the title of what I can tell you. No, I can tell you the titles of the movies.

Okay. But I don't want to get into like the plot. So who was in it with me?

Meantal. Rake. Rake? What galore? Galore? What are these movies about? Okay. Galore? Galore?

I can't. Oh, camp. Sucker. Sucker. Jungle. Jungle. Where are these movies? They're more.

I don't. Okay. Uh, Robert's number. There's a two word title.

Picnic it. Picnic. Picnic. Picnic at hanging rock. You were in picnic at hanging rock? Yeah.

You know it. Okay. I know I have heard of that one. Yeah. I play marinda. Oh, okay. So you know, you know, I am. No, I didn't happen to see it, but I. Dark place. Dark place. Silly. Silly.

Silly. Dark place. Boy, that sounds like a good movie. Skins.

Bark. Bark. Skin. Bark skins. Bark skins.

Bark skins. Possibly be. I play. I play Delphine in that.

Okay. So you've got a lot of movies. I met a girl. I met a girl. I play Lucy. And in 2022, this is the one that's coming you up for me. Oh, okay. Evil did rise. Evil dead rise. So you're here to promote that.

Yes, exactly. I play Beth. Beth. Beth. Okay. Well, this is what a career you have.

So, yeah. Is that part of the Evil Dead franchise or it's?

Um, yeah. Okay.

So again, my name, we gave me a middle name because I think it feels more really stick.

Yeah. Realistic. Oh, okay. So what's your middle name in you?

Lily Jane Sullivan, but Jane is filled with why? Oh, okay.

Lily Jane Sullivan. So you're Lily Jane Sullivan now. Exactly. Not Bickey. Not Becky. Okay. I was born the eighth of September 1994.

Oh, okay. And I grew up, you know, we kind of create a little big story for me because, you know, the Ohio thing wasn't so cute. Right. So this is that I grew up in Queensland.

Queens. Oh, okay. So that's a fake story that basically.

That mean my manager. Oh, okay. My manager, gah. I'm realizing this is a real person that you're a real person now. Yeah. Now you know, okay. I am real.

Okay. Because I just looked this up on Wikipedia. Yeah. You, you played coral and mental. Yes.

Okay. And looking at you online. Yeah. I mean, I'm hot. You're very beautiful. Uh, weird that you look the way you look in person when your pictures online. I can do incredible things. But I'm also, like I said, it's got this something wrong with your eyes. We got to get them checked out. Yeah. Okay. Well, congratulations. What a career you have. I mean, I know you're 27 years old and you were the runner up in the 2015 health Heath Ledger, Heath Ledger scholarship to attend screen wise film and television school. That's all made up. And no, that's just, oh, wait, that part of it is real. I just see a crash course. I did a weekend. Oh, oh, I mean, how many hours can you do on a weekend?

I did 27,000. Oh my gosh. Well, hey, uh, minutes, minutes.

Oh, got it, got it, got it.

Do you want to try? Can you show me some of your acting stuff, by the way, you hear that? I'm getting a delivery here during in the show. You're in the car is getting here.

I've got back of the truck up. I just basically was like, everything in the store. Just give me one of everything. You're like, even these peas, I'm like one pea. I have you. Keep them, Scott.

Uh, I don't think there are very many men. They're allowed to keep one thing out of everything that they picked out. It's their choice. By the way, their choice. So what do they usually take?

Usually they take a green bean. Just one? Yeah. Well, I only want one. I don't know, Scott. I think I think they want to take more. But they must feel weird or something. Well, I let them know you can take anything. It can be the biggest thing. It can be the most expensive thing, but like, take one thing of anything that's in the store. Boy, that is really backing up here. It's really loud. It's got to be on a lot of slime. They have to back up so far because it's such a big order.

And they had to keep making up because they were, you know, they get close to the house.

Yeah. They can just dump it all on your lawn. Exactly. All right. Well, Lily Sullivan, Lily James Sullivan. Yes. It's great to have you on the show. Thank you for here, and do you think you'll ever go back to the gym? Well, it reminds me, seeing at this point, my career is so successful. I can imagine going back in Wipe and Do you really make a lot of money being a model slash actress? You know what I mean? Seems like, like, SAG minimum to work on a film is like, what, like, 1,300 a day or something like that. Well, I know I'm making more money than the other, Lily Sullivan. Yeah, probably.

Wonderful. Well, it's great to have you. We need to get to our next guest if that's okay. Yeah, that's okay. Yeah. Well, he's been on the show before. Now this is okay. So, you know, maybe I should have started with this guy because like, you know, usually on the show, we start with the most famous person. And instead on this show, we started with a person who works at a gym. And well, but now you are famous. I am famous, so I will come. Okay. So you'll, you'll be the first guest.

That's good. I am the first guest.

I've already been the first guest. Oh, that's right. We already talked. Are you going to edit it?

I'm not going to edit you out. I've decided. I've just decided. Oh, thank God. All right.

Well, he is, he's a hip hop superstar, or at least he was until he went into a coma back in, I believe 1983 or 1984, somewhere around there.

And he woke up out of the coma a couple of years ago. Please welcome back to the show MC Sugar Butts.

I said, I ate your vegetables and drink your milk. Oh, you're jeans and a shirt of silk. Hey, what's happening? Scotty D. Hey, little me jeans and a share of silk. This is so catchy and nice. The best of both worlds is real comfy because you got a shirt made of silk. So and most people don't bother looking below the waist.

Oh, no, you look fancy, but then you're so comfy below the waist. You know what it is. It's a nice mix of like a blue collar on the bottom. Fenty little bitch up top. Yeah, blue collar on the bottom and a bitch up top. When I won't ice cream, I hit the ice cream shop. This is a real glimpse.

This is a creative process here. I mean, you gave her one of those props you were talking about.

Yeah, it's like there has been taste check. Well, MC Sugar Butts, it's great to see you.

What's happening Scotty D? Play it on me. Give me a high F.I.V.E.

I will. Here you go. There you go, my man. MC Sugar Butts.

Now you were in a coma. That's right.

Well, but back in the early 80s, is that right? Let me tell you about me, Scotty D. I went into a coma in 1983. And what what put you into the coma? Did something fall on your head? What happened?

A woman. A woman put you into that coma? Yeah, she fell on me at a televangelist event.

I don't know that we've ever talked about this. Very much.

Oh, okay. I have to say, it's very much like a man to blind his kind, man, a woman. Did someone push her?

No, she just started bleeding the blood of Jesus. Oh, so she was having she was like speaking in tongues, just having a moment. It fell backwards on you.

Not me out. Should you have been prepared for that? Probably. I mean, when you go to one of those televangelist events, aren't you all?

Shouldn't you always be on the lookout? Like, you know, someone watching your six for someone like, you know, speaking in tongues and falling on you? Consider it a lesson learned, not a bridge, bird. Thank you. Yes. Everyone's always well-winding around in there. Sure. Yeah. So what, so you were in the coma for God, I feel like the first time you were on the show was like five years or so ago. And so you missed basically all of hip hop.

You were one of the the four fathers of hip hop. You were out there in the early days.

And what? Much like Cal Solomon.

I started it. I started it. You didn't finish it. No, no. I mean, it's not over. To win a shit.

So you you basically missed all of the updating of the styles of hip hop. Yes. That's correct.

Wow.

Let me tell you about me, Scotty D. I got a new J.O.B. I don't have a husband, don't have a wife.

I came here to sell you some herbal life. Oh, you're an herbal life sales person now.

That's right. Well, I have a quick question. Can you give me your name like Staws of the Day or something? It actually does, but I don't. What do you mean online? David, but I don't know why he calls me Scotty D. Does he know the name is David Scotty D?

But you didn't know that.

Hi, F-I-V-E. All right. Wow. You keep touching me doing C-O-V.

So you sell herbal life now. Congratulations. That's right.

That's right. And I can bring you in tonight.

Wow. So what have you got? I noticed you brought some products. Yes. What do you have?

This is a morning shake. Okay. Oh, morning shake. So I'll wait, keep in the morning and I'll down it. Yeah, you down this in the morning. You know, that's interesting because usually I have an evening shake. You know what that says? When I go to the burger store for dinner, I always have my shake as my drink instead of a cola. I don't. Yeah, that is unhealthy. But now you're saying I can have a morning shake. Morning shake. Afternoon shake and an evening shake.

Wait, so I don't get to eat anything other than shakes.

That's all you do. That's all you do.

And you lose a pound. Maybe one or two. I want to lose more than one or two pounds. Honestly, I couldn't lose another pound. If I lose, if I lost more pounds, everyone'd be like, what's going on? She looks like a Toscino. Yeah, too tall, too skinny. Her feet are so long.

Too much like a model. Who is this? Wait a minute. Did you play Carl and mental?

I did. You saw it. Well, you went rubber stopper. I was in the room for stop.

Oh my God, you got a celebrity. It's got, well, I mean, yeah, I was a celebrity guest leading off the show every week. Those those fields was how I woke up out of my coma. Wait, so they played those films to you while you were in the coma that made you want to wake up.

It was probably my monologue they got you. My mental monologue.

Oh yeah. Do it for me. Yeah, let's hear it.

It's been too long, Jeffrey. I don't know what I'm going to do. I'm losing my mind.

And that's what I woke up. Where am I? So is someone losing their mind? So I'm losing their mind.

So that's the thing that triggered you out of your, if anyone had ever lost their mind in the room with you, that would have woken you up decades earlier.

Yeah, that's all they had to do.

Yeah, but instead they were coming into the hospital room, probably being like, do we still want to like him? It seems to be like if you're going into someone's room where they're in a coma, you do want to wake up. I would be walking into these rooms like shouting and going, wake up, wake up, wake up like throwing water in their face.

But instead, you know, hospitals, they said they do. They can't be spy. I'll be careful.

So you, you sell this herbal life and what? Forgive me for, for the question, the phrasey of the question, I just, there's got to be more to this. Oh yeah.

There's a lot more. There's an afternoon say. We covered that. We covered that.

What's even the shikes? I do want to know your audience.

I'd love for you. Okay. Vanilla.

Chocolate, strawberry, cookies and cream. Makey screen.

Why is this all these five is in one? Chike? No. They're all separate. All separate.

So cookies and cream are both separate flavors. I'd love to taste the cream one.

I'd love to taste the cookie one. It's a cookie and a cream.

And if you sell it, there'll be yours if you know what I mean. I don't. Why do we have to sell it? Yes.

Oh, I thought I was going to drink it. Oh, you get to drink it too. See first, I sell one to you and then you sell one too. Okay. So this is, I mean, this is a thing where you're trying to recruit people. This is like, no, don't make it sound like that.

Okay. It's not a pyramid. Don't want Mike. It sounds like the it's gone. Don't you dare.

Just like a man. Always trying to start a pyramid scheme.

Oh, why? These mean talking a bit. Paper mids.

Hey, you know what? The pharaohs who were all men, they created some of the best pyramid schemes.

I'm here to hear you. If some of it, they're one of the people.

I mean, but they were the brains of the operation.

Oh my God. I'm fucking sick over here. I'm sick too. I'm mental.

Sorry. Carl.

So how has the health sales been going? I mean, did you see the car that I pulled up into? No, you didn't hear all that, baby. Oh, the way that was you. Yeah. I thought it was still going on when you came in here.

Yeah. He was the longest cab ever seen in my life.

That's a stretch. What is that? A stretch 18. Well, what do they have to stretch those?

You got the 18. Willy in the back and in the front, it's a stretch little more drag.

Wow. That is incredible. I mean, in the front is a straight, Selima, dragging the big truck. Yeah. Okay. They mix a lot of things because it was so much beeping. So much beeping. But that's how long it is. Yeah.

Wow. Long. It's a long daddy.

And that's what I pulled up in here. All thanks to her for life. Wow.

It could be you and you and you. So how many, how many do you have to sell?

Like how many shakes do you have to sell to get that kind of car?

Well, I see I sell one to you. You sell two to her. Okay.

She sells four to anybody else.

And I get along her.

They aren't dead in rhyme at all. Wait, when you die, you mean?

When I die. But while I'm living, I get a stretch little more.

With a day well on the path. Imagine you and Tony Collette and everybody from getting with their own, sitting around drinking a cream shake or maybe even a cookie.

I'm also friends with Jerry from Sixesion. Whoa. Wait, wait.

Oh, Jared, which one has that? Jerry. I don't know. The older woman.

Oh, I just want to hear you say it. You think she's older?

Oh, you're sick.

God. I'll say what you just did there. Oh, so that's how you judge women on their age. She's older than she for God's sakes. She's older than the other two sea blanks, rhyming and whatever.

Randal.

We're into that's the first thing you would say to describe her.

I would describe her as the vivacious, beautiful woman who's in charge of that company sometimes.

I know you get sliding me. I can say it.

Rhymen. That's a man named Rhymen on there. I'll be Rhymen.

When I read a book, I turn the page. Why did you describe that woman by her age?

That is one connective at all. That's a good book reading process, though. Turn the pages.

Yeah. Otherwise you're stuck on the first page the entire time. You just read it over and over over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over again.

Not me. I have a Kindle. I got eight kindles from selling her but like really you have a stretch Kindle you were telling me.

I got a stretch Kindle.

A.T. wheel Kindle.

Stretch Kindle is just a very long Kindle that you could read like.

I guess like the entire book.

I don't never have to flip a page. I just read the whole book.

It just keeps going.

Wow. Well, MC Sugarbutt, we need to take a break. Does that surprise you?

Oh my God. I'll break.

Get a do a rhyme for that.

Yeah. Do you want me to send us the break?

Yeah. Send us a break here because when we come back, we have a man of the cloth.

But before we go to break, MC Sugarbutt here is going to send us to break with one of his MC Sugarbutt rhymes.

Well, I work at a factory that's not cheesecake.

And right now we got to take a break.

You don't work at a factory. You're just lying in your rhymes.

Why?

Why do we rapper that?

Okay. I didn't realize that. Every rapper lies.

Every single rapper.

All of them.

Dirty dog lies.

Okay.

Even Wyclav?

Wyclav too.

No.

He was never going to November.

He was in the basement the entire time.

Yeah.

All right. We need to take a break.

When we come back, boy, this is exciting. We have a man of the cloth.

We'll also have more with Bicky, AKA, Lily, James Sullivan and Jane.

Oh, James.

Did you say James?

Yes. I don't know.

Lily, Jane.

Lily, Jane Sullivan. Also, MC Sugarbutt will be right back with more comedy bang.

Make it after this.

Comedy bang.

Bang. We're back.

Oh, we have Bicky from the gym, AKA, Lily, Jane Sullivan.

Why do you roll your eyes?

Like I'm trying to remember.

I'm looking up into my mind palace.

I'm not rolling my eyes.

That's a great excuse, by the way.

It's pretty empty in there.

Fuck up.

Fucking ugly.

Pretty empty palace.

You can just make the same joke twice.

Oh, indeed. But I was more specific about it.

How much more specific?

You said it's pretty empty there.

And then the second time you said it's pretty empty.

Good shot.

All right.

We also have MC Sugarbutt.

Strawberry chocolate cheesecake.

Why are these wheels of the cake again?

Strawberry chocolate cheesecake.

Is anybody here want to herbal up cake?

Is that one of the flavors?

Strawberry chocolate cheesecake.

Strawberry chocolate cheesecake sounds like so many flavors.

All right. Well, we need to get to our next guest.

Um, and he's been on the show before.

This is very exciting.

He was on the show, I believe last year with Phoebe Bridgers.

And he is a man of the cloth.

Please welcome to the show back for his second appearance, Pastor Posta.

Oh, right. Hello. Yes.

And all God's people said what?

Hello.

Oh, I think I ain't here.

You're not okay.

Not a church going bunch.

All right.

What are we, what are we supposed to say?

I don't know.

We said hello.

Hello, farewell.

Our vita saying I do.

I do. I do.

I do to you and you and you.

Okay.

It is a pleasure to be here.

Pastor Posta, a pleasure to have you back.

Wow.

Uh, Pastor Posta, but how you know you have a certain, uh, it's the, the little Caesar's pronunciation.

Pastor Posta.

Yeah. Okay.

I like what you did.

I like the Posta, but I hate pizza.

You hate pizza?

What?

Nothing.

This is crazy.

Yeah.

The second episode of comedy bang bang of 2022, we find out that Pastor Posta hates pizza.

I hate pizza.

Oh my God.

Oh, it is for, it is for low down, dirty pizza.

People who don't like to eat with your utensils.

Whoa. I've never thought about it that way because the crust of the pizza serves as both a serving dish and a napkin sometimes.

Wow.

Yeah.

Anakin.

Various things, but we won't get into it on this hip podcast.

Why? What are the, no, please, I want to get into it.

What does the thing?

I've used crust or, excuse me, seen crust used.

Um, okay.

It's not just a napkin, if you will.

I would like to say less.

No, that's exactly what you said before.

I want you to be saying more.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm trying to think about what you could use it for.

Besides a napkin.

Yeah.

You could put it in a shake.

Okay. You could put it in a, well.

You like to shake it in a, you could shake it, you could bake it.

Okay.

But let me tell you what you can't do.

You can't fake it unless you made it.

Okay.

If I get until you made it.

Yeah.

So you hate pizza purely on aesthetic grounds of you, you think it's for lazy people.

It pisses me off, frankly.

Right.

But it tastes good.

Yeah.

Right.

I've tasted it one time.

I mean, it tastes like pasta, your favorite food, essentially.

No, it does not taste like pasta.

Italian food has the same kind of flavor profiles across the board, doesn't it?

No.

Wow.

That's a typical guy.

You know, it's, it is clear to me you've never been to, as my friend, Italiano Jones would say, Italy.

You, your friends with Italiano Jones?

Yeah.

We go way back.

We actually went to seminary school together, but then he dropped out to become a lawyer.

Really?

Yeah.

Is he here with you?

No.

Yeah.

Well, maybe.

I don't know.

Well, shit, maybe.

Let me, I can't say where he is.

I haven't talked to him in a few, not in a few weeks.

Really?

Yeah.

Scott, let me in.

Oh my God.

He said, oh yeah.

Come on again.

Italiano, come on out.

Hey, we're down here.

I wrote here with Anthony Suga, but in the back of his 18-wheeler.

You were with M.C. Jigger, but not your friend?

Pasta?

No, no.

Look, it's pasta.

Oh my, pasta, pasta from seminary school.

Oh, fuck.

Seminary school.

It is a pleasure to see you.

It's a weird thing.

He said that he talked to you two weeks ago.

Why are you so surprised?

Referring to him as from seminary school.

Well, I'm going to do it past the past.

Okay.

All right.

Hello.

Phil, well, I'll be the same.

You do.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

Okay.

So yeah, I don't really like, it's clear this man never been to Italy.

And so I was just- You ain't never been to Italy, Scott.

You said you don't go.

I've never been to Italy.

I was supposed to.

I had a whole trip booked in- Let me get to March 2020.

Oh my God.

You're a bullshit.

Show us the confirmation number in the second.

Yeah, I don't want to say the recites.

I want recites.

Here's all my receipts.

I have them in this box though.

You just carry them around.

This is my Italy receipts box.

You see, they're all voided, all canceled.

And condoms.

Well, what is a married man doing?

Carrying condoms.

I was going to bring a deadly.

You never know what's going to happen over there.

Oh, this is sick and lying.

This is gross.

Have you ever been injured doing a protected sex?

Yes, I have, actually.

Injured?

I will fight for you.

Now, what kind of injuries though, Italiano?

Because...

Have you ever...

What kind of injuries?

Have you ever been having unprotected sex when they alligator walks in your room?

It seems that you haven't unprotected sex, but it happened to be his wife.

And so he decides to bite you right on the tip of your...

You were worried so somebody's excused.

So the alligator married to a human or the alligator is married to another gator girl.

Have you ever been having sex with a gator girl?

Unprotectedly?

I have, I have.

But she went to Florida State.

I called her gator girl.

Also had a hoier chin.

She went to Florida State?

The Seminoles?

Do you need to wear protection when you're having sex with an animal?

For city.

I'm so sorry.

I'm fucking sick to my heart.

I'm sorry.

There's no fear of like...

I'm so sorry.

...making a baby.

This is going to be a big problem for me.

She went to University of Florida.

My pardon.

Oh, okay.

My pardon.

Okay.

I never say bad, my bad, because everything with me is all good.

And if you hear me, you're like what have God's people say.

Can I just address something?

Please.

Yeah.

Pastor Pastor, this is your time.

We want you to say whatever you want to say.

Everybody is coughing, but they claim and they don't have COVID.

I don't have COVID.

I may.

For Christ's life.

Okay.

Ethan.

You might.

I just came back.

I just got back from Italy to date.

No.

I'm still waiting for you.

That's my BCR.

Well, we're all going to get it then.

There's all your BCR.

I'm just waiting for you.

Wait, are there any results in my BCR?

Is it fast forward?

Everyone.

Be kind.

Be what?

Oh, by the way, by the way, MC Sugarbud, this is Italiano Jones.

Who is this?

And who is that?

Listen.

Okay.

I feel like it's also time for me to come clean about something as well.

Please.

Yes.

Because it's 2022.

We want you to get anything you want off your chest.

What's wrong?

Dude, were you just yawning past your past?

No.

Or is that a heavy side?

That's a heavy side.

Oh, no.

What's wrong?

And please don't comment on my weight.

I don't like that.

I'm up eyeballs.

I don't like that.

That's not nice.

Pasta, pasta, don't like that.

Hey, pasta, pasta.

I got something for your weight.

What?

Herbalife.

I don't want it.

I tried it back in the 90s.

It made me put on 20 pounds.

Because what I didn't know is if you have the herbal life, you can't have meals right after.

It's not just a drink to have with your pasta.

Oh, you thought that you should eat whatever you were normally eating, but also have the shake.

And have the shakes.

So you are having shakes with every meal.

You were eating like a gnocchi with like a sage.

I hate gnocchi.

It was your pasta, pasta.

You can't hate any pasta.

I sure can.

It's a couple of pastas I don't fuck with.

Wow.

Which ones?

I'm blind right.

OK.

Gnocchi.

Is it gnocchi?

It's gnocchi.

Or is it gnocchi?

You put the no in you.

It's gnocchi.

Come from Italy.

It's gnocchi.

Thank you, Italiano.

It sounds right.

What do you say it sounds right?

You've been entertaining.

Do you know?

I actually choked.

I actually choked on some ghee.

They are gnocchi, by the way, are as exactly as big and round and as spherical as a windpipe.

That's what a lot of people don't realize when they eat them, is like they are exactly the size of a human windpipe.

And they slurp them down.

Gnocchi.

Yeah, probably I like it.

I was eating gnocchi the size of a golf ball.

They just didn't fit gnocchi.

I was in Greece.

Just close to Italy, but not quite Italy.

Eaten.

Oh, how you were talking about the musical.

You were not in Greece, the musical.

No, but Tony Collette was.

Yeah.

When?

She played the mom.

Played the mom.

Now I'm picking up your accent.

Where is it from?

Well, it's from Ohio.

Oh, OK.

And mine is from Italy.

But you know that.

I knew that because we went to seminary school.

You must have had these conversations so many times.

We did go to seminary school in Florida.

And that's why I met that gator chick.

Yes, F Florida based Seminoles.

Yeah.

Seminary Olds.

So what are the other posters you have?

OK.

I hate gnocchi.

I hate ravioli.

Ravioli.

You don't like the dumpling type.

You know what I do to make fun of it?

What's that?

I call it Raforioli.

You know how Rafor's a shitty car?

For sure.

My DNA is a revoir.

Well, your dad has a shitty car.

Oh, no.

What do you think I rap for?

The Bush of fucking Rafor.

Exactly.

Why do you think I'm getting wet?

Well, MC Sugarbutt originally said it.

I don't rap to the Bush of fucking Rafor.

I rap to the Bush of fucking stretch 18 wheelers.

Well, we got loads of pasta in men trucks.

OK.

Because we- Oh, OK.

I know I shouldn't say this.

MC Sugarbutt or Italian or Jones.

I knew Italian was here the whole time.

I didn't want to say nothing.

OK.

But we are pushing pasta.

We'll- Wait, Lily over here and I gasped.

Like that was something interesting or exciting.

But I'm now realizing that we don't know what you're talking about.

We're pushing pasta.

Well, you know- But it was dramatic the way you said it.

You know what happened with the Suez Canal?

Huh.

If you're interested in what happened to the Suez Canal, getting overblown, Google it.

OK.

Bitty yet.

You shouldn't be yet.

What did you just say?

LAUGHTER So you're here to push pasta?

What does that- What do you mean by that?

We are selling all kinds of the best kinds of pasta.

Reveally?

No, we don't like ravioli.

Ravioli for only.

We don't like it.

OK.

So you only sell things you like.

We sell things we like.

OK.

And we sell it for inflated prices, OK?

Because right now there's a shortage.

I don't know if you know pasta.

People was making bread at the top of the pandemic, but now people are in to making pasta.

Oh, I got a pasta maker myself for Christmas.

Yeah, because someone was like, hey, why don't you make us food now?

Uh-huh.

Exactly.

Because- Hey, what's that?

Who would I say that?

Who didn't- Someone in my house.

Someone said- OK.

Does someone in your house know you have condoms in your wallet?

Uh-uh.

No, and I would appreciate it if you didn't talk so loud right now.

OK.

Well, you- I have a secret of yours, and you have a secret of mine.

What's that?

What's your secret?

Pushing pasta, OK?

This is a secret.

This is a big secret.

OK.

For prices, ungodly prices.

Ungodly prices.

How much- Uh, so how- How much are you selling it for?

For how much of the pasta?

We got a tortellini.

OK.

One tort- One tortellini noodle.

OK.

Going for 55 grand.

So people are buying- 55 thousand dollars.

People are buying- People are buying- I could afford it.

I could afford it.

Why?

How so?

From your movies?

Yeah, from jungle and picnic.

On the hanging rock.

Is that- Oh, picnic.

That's a movie?

Yeah, that's not even- That's not very bad.

That sounds very bad.

Picnic hanging rock.

Picnic and Hagen Rock.

Hanging.

What is- What is she selling?

I don't- I- I- I'm sorry, she's from Ohio.

I don't know- I don't know what- I never got along too good with people from Ohio.

Really? Why?

They never understood- They never understood- They never understood what I stood for.

Which one of you are coughing right now, by the way?

Is it MC Sugar Butters or is it Italian or Jones?

Both.

Both of us.

Hi!

Nice to meet you.

Good to meet you.

Little hands up.

Scott, have you gotten COVID?

I- I- I- That's a- A- A- A- H- A- H- A- H- A- H- A- H- A- H- A- H- A- H- A- H- H- H- H- H- H- I- I don't like you commenting- I didn't like you commenting- It's a- H- A- I don't- A- I don't- Absolutely- You keep commenting on my body.

No, no, no, that's a- But it's because he's a misogynist and he doesn't worth every body.

Well, what the thing is I'm a man, baby.

I know, but he's- They tell him ten laws it is.

I'm a reverse misogynist.

He's an everything misogynist.

So anyway, okay.

I just- okay, we got other kinds of pasta.

I don't really have time for this.

Okay, so what's the other kind of pasta we got?

This entire podcast should be called shenanigans.

Should have- We should change- It's not a bad name.

We should change the name of this podcast.

What have been its- It's thirteenth year.

We suddenly changed just shenanigans.

Yeah, straight up shenanigans.

Oh, okay.

As someone who's changed in my name, it can do wonders for you.

I mean, you know, this show, I hate it when shows change their name.

Like, they have like one or two years under their belt and suddenly they're like, hey, we're changing our name to something different.

It's like everyone who loved the old name is like, this is a betrayal.

I kind of think you guys could use some re-branding though, because- Really?

Yeah, because this means some stuff, you know, you kind of want to get away from, you know, pissed Scott stuff that you've done.

Oh, pissed Scott stuff.

Scott, pissed.

Stop in the pants.

Oh, right.

You want to let us Skype?

Scott, I do think- I don't think it's a bad idea because look what Ron Autes did.

His name is now Metal World Peace.

Yeah, it gives people something to talk about.

Yeah.

Most like Bonnie Riott said.

I don't know what she or they said I don't know.

You don't know John Riott's daughter?

Who is- Stop.

Believe in Oklahoma?

Stop.

I was too busy studying the word.

Stop.

Scott, do me a favor and stop.

Okay, also, I'm sorry.

Dude.

I was too busy studying the word in Florida.

And so- So what's your favorite Bible verse, speaking of the word?

Um, let me think- Not to put you on the spot, but I mean, there's so many good ones out there.

Let me think.

John 3- Burilla 3-2.

What is Burilla's drive?

Burilla 3-2 says, heat it, eat good, go be good, and that's just a word.

I do remember that from school.

Thank you, Italian.

Italian, I'm gonna ask you something I've been to ask you for years.

Please.

Are you shy?

Oh.

Your voice is so meek.

It's so- It's almost as if you're apologizing anytime you talk.

I'm sorry.

I think the old men should behave like a tealier on their dimes.

Apologetically, meekly, singing in the real corner like he's over there.

That's what I think.

Yeah, in that corner, by the way.

Okay, I'm sorry for standing in your corner.

See, he apologized.

Well, you said in one of these chairs, I know for a fact, he would go, Sky, you mind if I could put my- Cross my legs?

No, don't say it the way that it was said.

Sky, do you mind if I cross my legs?

I don't let it go.

Italian or Fours, you will not be in charge.

Do you mind if I tuck my penis?

No, you don't have to be in charge.

You will never be in charge.

You are going to tuck it now because we got to go in a bit.

Listen, if you're going to tuck it tuck it now, the reality is, Italiano is not shy.

I was just picking at him, poking at him.

The reality is, the mob is looking for us.

What?

That actually was dramatic.

Yeah, that was.

The mob, can you imagine the mob looking for a clergy man?

I can't imagine it.

That's like something out of Cysterac.

We just, Tanya Collette was in.

What did you get?

And then- They played the mob.

Whoopi Goldberg.

Whoopi Goldberg was in Ghost.

A movie I did just watch last week in Lisbon for a kid.

You did?

Why?

I just thought- I have a friend, by the way, who was going to be on a podcast talking about it and didn't bother to watch it.

And you just happened to watch in Lisbon?

That is weird as hell.

Why would anybody do that?

I don't know.

Okay, listen to me, please, because we are in a hurry.

We have to take a break in a second, but say- No, no, no, we can't take a break.

We can't take a break.

Tell your sponsors.

We can't take a break.

We're not going to take a break this episode, really.

I was going to say something worse, but I changed my mind because I like to say less.

Okay.

So, here's the thing.

What is Scott Short for?

It's what everybody wants to know.

That's what you stopped everything for, and asked me.

What?

Well, can I take a guess?

What?

Sure, go.

I think he's real nice.

He's long-nime.

He's scottathin.

Scottathin.

Okay, that's a good guess.

I'm not going to say if you're right or wrong.

Body shame in a little bit, scottathin.

I can make you scottathin.

Burns, scottathin.

He banned you.

Okay.

Okay, let me see a sugar bone.

Let me see a sugar bone.

Get a bar off.

I can make you scottathin.

You only have one minute to win.

Okay, have you ever said more than two lines in a row?

I'm glad we let him do that.

Get that one off.

I'm glad.

I think Scott is short for slutty.

Slutty.

Cushy.

Are you thinking it's an acronym?

Oogli.

For sure, Urgent.

Titty titty.

Son, you're just insulting me.

And in the Y.

There's sometimes there's a Y.

There's a Y.

What do you think the Y is for?

Beckett.

Yack.

Mmm, yuck.

Ooh.

Well, look.

I will reveal what it's short for.

But we have to take this break, of course.

But when we come back.

I didn't even get to talk about pasta like that.

And that's my...

When we come back you'll have a chance to talk about pasta.

You can say whatever you want about pasta.

Okay, but when we come back we'll have more from Bicky, a.k.a.

Lily Sullivan.

More from Pasta Pasta.

More from MC Sugar.

But more from Mattalyano Jones.

Wow.

Oh my gosh.

What a packed show this is.

Maybe somebody else too.

Oh my God, that was exciting.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

We have Bicky from the gym.

A.k.a.

Lily Jane Sullivan.

Yes.

Star of Mental.

Mental.

Pee-nook.

All hanging rock.

Pee-nook.

All hanging rock.

Stompa-trumper.

So many great films.

Welcome to the show.

We also have MC Sugar about us here.

I don't mean to brag.

I don't mean to boast.

But Scott hadn't seen the movie Ghost.

See what happens when we give him a break.

He comes up with his big stomp.

They just beaters out.

The closer we get to the next commercial.

Peter, Peter was a disciple.

Scott got his Peter out.

Scott, are you mind if I talk?

Yeah, please talk.

Oh by the way, it's short for Ascot.

Ascot.

Oh wow.

You know, I do like that.

Ascot.

It could be Ascot.

Said it.

It could be A.

Have you Peter now?

Please talk.

These are what you said.

I can say like, it's really good.

No, no, no.

I don't need to talk mine.

Mine literally does crawl into my body.

Oh, it makes a little slide whistle sound.

It does it too.

There it goes.

Oh my God.

It's tucked up.

Oh, okay.

So listen to Pastor Bazzie, you wanted to talk about pasta?

Well, yeah, but I did.

Don't tell me I'm a pastor.

So I kind of have, I do what the God talks to me.

Okay.

It's got something through you.

Exactly.

You're the conduit.

Conduette.

And that's okay.

Well, I guess I could go straight to hell because y'all don't, y'all don't appreciate my friends.

I want to get out.

What do you want?

What does God want you to say?

You had me come here all the way from Texas.

Are you from Texas?

No.

I thought you were from Florida.

But I was spending some time there with a lady.

What do you want to say?

I wanted to say that I only asked you if you drowned because I in fact have drowned and passed away one time.

What time?

What?

Why cleve Jean, which stands for?

Yeah.

What do you just name an acronym?

Just enough assets now.

Yeah.

Well, the whole 80.

80 charity thing.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, what's the whole same, same more, but say less.

There's a lot of, you know, the all title of this show, shenanigans.

Then we should Google, huh?

Yeah.

What do you leave?

Okay.

He was taking my next Google.

Was he taking money?

Google, make that my next appointment.

Can you guys hear my stomach?

Yeah.

Why?

What is it doing?

He was just making some way.

He got some pasta for you.

Yeah.

Oh, you've brought several dishes of pasta.

I'll get lagged.

During the break, you were whipping things up your parents.

Yeah.

Let me give for us here to push.

What I'm here to push pasta.

So what, which pasta is in my pushing?

Well, well, well, Todalini, we got that.

We said that.

Are we just going to repeat everything that's was said in the last segment?

No.

Plot twist is we got a thick spaghetti.

Oh, thick.

A thick spaghetti.

Isn't it a fitted chaining?

Yeah, that's just a fitted chaining.

No, no, because the thick spaghetti, its measurements are 24.

Whoa.

19.

Whoa.

37.

Whoa.

Maybe if she's 5'2.

Clean it.

That's a thick.

That's what we call it.

A thick spaghetti.

Oh, these are like, first of all, they're not, you know, completely, I mean, it's three totally different measurements.

I love my thick spaghetti.

Yeah.

Just like you love your life.

I love my curvy spaghetti.

I love, well, most spaghetti is curvy.

Once you get it on the plate, curvy.

And that's why.

That's the thing.

You know, when you buy it, it's so straight.

It's so straight rigid.

It's so rigid.

And then you cook it up.

And suddenly you got a curvy wobbly mess.

That's why I love it though, because that's life.

You don't want to be rigid.

Don't nobody want to be rigid.

Oh, that's a life lesson.

Get wet because guess what?

Cooked, cooked pasta gets wet.

Everybody should be getting wet.

This is perfect for wet months.

I'm sick.

You got to strain the pasta.

You got to strain it.

Everybody go through some strains.

If that ain't the truth.

That's why we're talking about the totally new.

Everybody's straight.

You got to strain it.

Everybody's not caving.

Okay.

And people have been in hot water before.

Everybody been in hot water.

Oh, yeah.

So this is a metaphor.

And it's almost like you're preaching.

Exactly.

I finally get your thing now.

Exactly.

And you didn't let me get to the last time.

It only took two episodes.

No, well, you didn't let me get to it last time, because you were too busy asking Phoebe Bridges about her mother.

And her mother wasn't on the podcast.

So it was sort of like, look, you have Phoebe Bridges on the show and don't ask about her mother.

I mean, what in the hell?

They'd say so.

I don't know how any interviewer does it.

You don't know how insulted I was.

Because I kept it to myself.

How insulted were you?

I was insulted.

Big insulted.

Scale of one to ten.

One to very insulted.

Sure.

Very, very insulted.

How about them apples?

Whoa.

Yeah.

She's mentioning another food.

So that means she's really.

By the way, you're in.

Not she.

Is it?

And what's going on with the misjendering?

Well, I would argue we should all just go by that.

Yeah.

Let's all change.

It's too confusing, like, trying to figure out every single person that you've ever met.

Speaking of change, everyone just go by that.

Change the name of this podcast to bullshit.

Do you think they'd allow it?

Yeah.

Who is they?

Who is the Tim Cook in the Apple Corporation?

Oh, Tim.

Is he?

Is his team cook?

What?

They need to change the name of the products to Pesta.

Well, that's the thing.

He's a cook.

It's right there in his name.

Tim Cook.

Suddenly he's making computers?

Apple, don't nobody want cooked apples.

Apple pies overrated.

First of all, yeah, I said it.

Whoa.

That's how it's all about caramel apples.

Oh, all of them overrated.

Apple's an apple a day didn't keep the doctor away from me.

I just got a colonoscopy.

What?

How did it go?

Literally sheet.

It was a literal shit.

Did they need to put you out for it?

Wasn't it big, niece?

It's a big mess.

What?

A big mess.

Is this a big mess?

Was it a swing and a miss?

You're a colonoscopy.

It was.

Didn't know they didn't.

It's only on it.

What do you have to say?

I just want to say, when you said Phoebe Bridges, it reminded me of a game we used to play in a Let me just go call BB Bridges.

BB Bridges?

We should play that.

Oh, let's play.

It's fun.

What happens if you say a word that begins with a B, you have to say BB Bridges before everybody punches you.

Okay.

So if you say a word that starts with...

Okay.

If we say BB Bridges, you got to say it before somebody hits you.

Before they get to hit you.

But we are so far apart right now.

I'm worried that I'm not going to be able to hit someone.

I'm going to throw in my wood of glass at you instead.

By the way, BB Bridges, I said B.

I got a bow and arrow.

I need you guys.

Damn it.

Not my chest.

Please don't do my chest.

Don't do my chest.

My organs are loose inside.

What's going on in there?

Because I noticed your penis.

What do you mean?

Well, all the way back in.

Is it like jarring everything in there?

Well, what the colonoscopy really freaked me out.

That's when my penis first started running back inside me.

No.

Everyone here got in there yearly colonoscopy?

I do one every month.

I'm not older than to be sure.

You're not older than me.

Celiana, we the same age.

I'm not older than us.

I had to get a colonoscopy for work.

For my...

For being mental.

What kind of work are you doing?

By the way, who gave it to you, the director?

What kind of movies are you doing?

The latest movie that I'm doing is with...

Because you know I'm a producer as well.

Oh, I do know.

Yeah, I'm an executive producer.

Wow.

Who's to say somebody's not an executive producer?

That's a thing.

I mean, anyone could...

Face to say.

That's a...

They say so many actors are out of work.

Anyone can call themselves an actor.

Everybody can say exactly.

Then everyone's out of work.

Exactly.

You can call yourself a writer.

You can call yourself an actor.

You can call yourself a doctor.

See patients.

Yeah.

And really get yourself in some hot water.

Wait, I saw you most recently.

I'm going to be my host.

My host.

The host on the right British back off.

Okay.

By the way.

Are you going to be a host?

Ow!

She's a baby.

She got a belly.

She got a woman.

She said, dude, that's part of the game.

I don't know if I can say, I felt pretty safe about the whole thing because Prue was there.

Oh.

She's got a warm welcoming air about her.

She aimed me a little booze and we sort of...

Oh my God!

Oh, you punch me.

You punch me.

Oh, he's got your hiddenness all hard.

Some of her bineers just fell out.

Did he get the part of the boobies down by the shins and the one by the...

I don't care, it's time.

I'm Teflon.

I'm going to punch her any time you say if you were.

I'm Teflon.

If you don't say BB-Brie-Brie-Brie-Brie-Brie-Brie.

You say you want to go down, Scott?

In history.

Bad, babies, beat, bat.

Bat.

I knew the COVID-Bat.

I'm punching him. Don't get in no hot water now, Tatiano.

Because I just see it now. Don't get in no hot water because you...

You knew that COVID-19 bridges? Tatiano, then we're gonna have to strain you.

Oh no.

And then you go...

I know.

I know I be be bridges.

I know.

Well guys, look, we're running out of time.

I didn't get to talk about pass.

You knew how.

Could you want M.B.

I can't even eat cheese.

No.

Come back.

Come back. I apologize. Come back.

I apologize. Come back.

I would just say, go get teeny.

I'm just saying, go get teeny.

I like to flag my movie, Meantal, my movie, Ray Galore, Camp, where I play Marina Barker.

I like to be like a beansto pop.

I like to flag Jangle, I like to flag Rumpa Stomper.

That's six episodes, Raya play Petra.

Picky Picky Picky hanging rock.

Black Flies, back skins.

Oh, gosh.

We both go.

I like to play, I met a girl.

Evil did rise, I played Beth.

I'm just saying, I'm just saying, go get teeny.

I'm just saying, go get teeny.

I don't follow you.

People can follow her there.

I'm just saying, go get teeny.

I wasn't going to find you on it.

I want to plug Campanelli.

Campanelli, I'm even going to plug ZT.

Okay, okay.

Penny.

Linguine.

Okay.

Linguine, the Manicote.

He's going to run out at some point.

I want to plug trophy.

Trophy.

Have you ever had trophy El Pesto in the Pesto region of Italy?

Yeah, I haven't, because you haven't been to Italy, because all you had was the receipts and condoms to show for your little trip.

That never happened.

I want to plug Orzo.

I want to plug my foul teeny.

I want to plug.

I want to plug Peachy.

Peachy.

I want to plug Agnoodles.

Agnoodles.

That's a straight chocade.

Have you ever had Bee's Crogano?

I want to plug Fusillie.

I want to plug Garganelli Delicious by the way.

I don't hate it one.

With a kind of a runny egg on top of it.

Oh damn, it seems good.

I don't like a runny egg, but I've been told that's delicious at a restaurant in New York City called Nard Toussey.

Anyway, want to plug?

I love how slow this is going.

I'm going to take a long time at my home.

I want to plug it one.

Agnolade.

All right, we only have time for 12 more.

Okay, understood.

Just two.

Uh, Gemma, Gemma Lee.

Gemma Lee.

Gemma Lee and Pelly.

I want to plug.

S-C-I-A-N-C-I-E-L-I.

Scallolade.

I want to plug Vermecelli, then, or Vermecelli, maybe.

Yeah, then, then, Chelly, when it's a say, with the C-H-A-C-I-E-L-I.

Hey, I'm sorry, I don't know what I was doing.

I want to plug.

Okay.

Carver Tappy.

I want to plug.

I'm almost to a scallop, please.

My eyes are begging you.

Come on, you did it.

You did it, let me get through.

All right, only time for nine more.

Oh, nine more.

Papar della.

Oh, yes.

Calamarata.

No.

Casson.

Jesus Christ.

I'm not.

Nine.

Enough.

No more.

Okay.

Just one last.

One last one.

I want to know it.

Because this could be the last time I'm on this plug.

I think it might.

That's going to be my decision, not yours.

I think you're going to be a little bit more.

I'm going to be a little bit more.

I think it's the last time.

So I just want to say, can I have two more?

Okay, two more.

Radiotory.

Okay.

Sure.

And I want to plug.

Last one.

Rotelli.

It's the little spin wheels.

Oh, thank God.

He said those last two.

They're crying.

Thank God.

I passed this change my life.

Okay.

It's okay.

It's getting very emotional for you.

Okay.

All right.

I want to plug.

Look, hey, if you want to listen to episodes of this show, all the entire 738 before this came out and all the live episodes, head over to CBBWorld.com.

We also have great shows like The Andy Daily Podcast Project where he's doing Bonanas for Bonanza.

We have the aforementioned this book Change My Life with Lily Sullivan as part of CBB Presents.

So I did.

We just put out a great CBB Presents with Randy Snuts.

Oh, I did.

Sorry, good.

Randy Snuts just had an episode.

That was a great one where he hosted his own show.

And of course, Scott hasn't seen just last week.

We watched Footloose with Weird Al Yankovic and we're watching Flash Dance this week.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

And this is exciting.

This is our very first closing up the plug bag remix.

Here we go.

Oh, now.

Now take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you open up the plug bag.

We're opening up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

Love, love, love, love, love.

Love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love, love.

Open up the plug bag as always as you can.

Then you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

Still going?

Nope.

I think that's it.

Wow.

Let's see.

That was Christopher Rod Stewart with closing the plug bag theme 2022.

By the way, the opening up the plug bag theme.

That was this is your brain on plugs with plugs.

Want to make sure to plug both of those guys.

Thank you so much for the, that was great.

And we heard the small chat robot as part of that theme.

That was wonderful.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Bickey, AKA Lily Sullivan.

I want to thank you so much.

Lily Jane Sullivan.

Yeah, Lily Jane Sullivan.

Thank you so much.

So great to see you.

You can continue to success to you.

Is that something you can wish to someone?

Can you continue to success to you?

I wish could, could it success for you?

Okay.

Even though, you know, in my opinion, you in person, you're, you know, just not, not as hot as your photos.

You know, right?

Again?

I don't really take it personally because I know that something deright.

Ow!

You said because.

Oh, shit.

All right.

Italiano Jones.

Yes.

Thank you very much.

Thank you.

You're so polite.

Thank you for having me.

I appreciate it.

And, and, and MC Sugarbud.

Hell yeah.

No, you're wrong.

You're wrong?

Hell yeah.

Oh, this time we bite.

No.

Ow.

Shit.

Cinnamon toast trudge.

And, of course, Pastor Pasta.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

I will be back.

You will.

I will be back.

I just want to say I'll be back.

I know where y'all do it now.

So, I'll be back.

You said being back about eight times, by the way.

It seems like a threat on the fly.

Cinnamon toast trudge.

Geez, quake.

Anybody want an urban life shake?

Oh, very good.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
