♪♪♪ Jack Beeneble, Jack Be Quick, Jack Be Slinging That Big Old Dick.

Welcome to Comedy Bang, Dang.

Oh my, no.

All by word.

Thank you to Pugsley's Chicken!

Pugsley's Chicken for that.

I wonder if that's a restaurant or a person.

Is it a reference to the Adams family?

Oh, did Pugsley have a chicken?

No.

The Adams family.

Yeah, that's what I want.

Perhaps in the cartoons, the Charles Adams cartoons.

Perhaps he started a restaurant, Pugsley's Chicken.

Well, that...

Much like the chicken in...

Popeye.

Yes, like Popeye started...

Popeye...

Oh, well Popeye has cornered the market with cartoon character chicken restaurants.

Why doesn't Pugsley start?

But now Popeye doesn't appear on any of the packaging or the promotion anywhere, right?

It leads me to believe that it is a different Popeye.

That it's like Popeye Brown.

Perhaps an actual human being who was unfairly called Popeye.

Yes, perhaps someone with some sort of a...

What was Popeye's condition?

He had one eye or...

Because his name implies that he has a bug eye.

He had Acromagali.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, Popeye, it seems I only have one eye.

I don't know why that would make him a Popeye.

Maybe they're talking about his working eye?

Well, look at that.

Compared to his other eye, it's popping out.

Why did they go and work a guy?

Working guy.

He wasn't working guy.

He was one of our forces.

Thank you for your service, Popeye.

Was that the Jonathan Silverman show working guy?

Yes, that's right.

Okay.

That's for you and me.

Welcome to the show.

Hey, this is what I sound like, right?

I believe so.

Okay.

I'm just joking.

It sounds great to me.

I have not been...

I have not been a while.

I just wanted to make sure that's what I sound like.

I do believe you are yourself.

Welcome to the show.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

We have an incredible show coming up.

The person that you have been hearing, I will introduce in a second, but come up a little later on the show.

I could wait.

Oh, good.

I'm glad.

Because it is an incredible show and I don't want to be the person who's holding it up.

Although you just interrupted me and you are holding it up.

Very good boy.

I do apologize.

Well, come up.

Do you enter the listener?

Oh, okay.

That's very polite of you.

What about the people who are not listening?

I suppose I can apologize to them, but I don't know what a good it does.

Well, maybe they'll hear about it.

Secondhand or thirdhand.

Listen to what's not listening to.

Hey, you got an apology from somebody on this podcast I listened to.

Tell a friend.

Albertsons.

Well, yeah, because of where I grew up on the East Coast.

Sure.

It was a different chain.

Well, it was Alan Hamill who was a Suzanne's son's husband.

Sure.

And maybe still is.

Maybe still is, although Suzanne Summers has been on the billion dollar properties.

No, it is.

That's bajillion dollar properties.

A million dollar listing.

Oh, really?

Yes.

She's been on that recently trying to sell her Palm Springs home.

And I believe she has a husband.

I don't know whether it's Alan Hamill or not.

I believe it still is.

And I think maybe the movie could do a supermarket.

Tell a friend.

But who was it?

It was Alan Hamill.

But I can't remember the supermarket chain.

Oh, no.

That it was on the East Coast.

No.

Because Albertsons didn't exist on the East Coast.

Why do things not exist on the East Coast?

Are people's minds so different on either side of the Mississippi?

The great Mississippi, by the way.

Exactly.

Do you agree with that, Santa?

It is great.

And it's mighty.

The mighty Mississippi.

It's mighty.

But I think that it's to keep order in the nation.

Because we're such a big country.

I don't know if any of us divided.

Yes.

They want us to fight.

Hell beds versus best foods.

Whoever wins.

Hardys versus rallies?

No.

Hardys and Carl's Jr., I believe.

Hardys versus Carl's Jr.

That's worldwide.

A rallies takes no sides.

A rallies is Switzerland.

That's right.

The Switzerland of the CTA fast food chase.

CTA?

CTA.

It's my mid Atlantic accent.

That's right.

You are in the mid Atlantic accent.

That sounds like I'm saying T.

That's not a clue as to your identity.

No, it is not.

By the way, if anyone's guessed who this is, please send your guesses in.

Yes.

A company bank bank.

One for I know.

Two for yes.

If you just text comedy bank bank, would I get it?

I wonder.

Somebody's got to get it.

Someone's got to get maybe God.

Put.

Oh, God himself.

Think.

Him or herself, their self.

Their self.

Well, maybe God's are they them?

What if God was they them?

The original non-binary.

God.

Makes sense.

That makes sense.

He's got three identities already.

He's got the father.

That's not the Holy Ghost.

It's kind of a weird split up here.

The little three about I and my almost.

Rumba.

I'm going to buy.

John McLean.

He was not even the movie.

He was done with clean on these cars.

That's a big idea.

We'll get to you in a second.

By the way, we're out in the backyard again.

I do know what to hold things.

Where are we?

Carne Gins?

We're in the backyard again.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

I don't know whether I said that or not, but that is who I am.

And we're in my backyard and we have some great guests.

Come be able to later on the show.

We have someone from the animal kingdom, which is great.

It's Jackie Weaver.

Jackie Weaver.

I'm sorry, that's the movie, Animal Kingdom.

Oh, okay.

I was like, did she play?

No, I don't think so.

Was she in pig?

No, she was not in pig as far as we know.

What do you say she was playing the titular pig?

titular pig.

By the way, when I say someone from the animal kingdom, I am not talking about dog, the bounty hunter.

I'm not talking about someone with an animal species as a name.

Camauer, I'm not talking about that.

I'm talking about literally someone for me.

I'm talking about night.

Certainly the rest.

It's a good way to cut someone off and stop a bit, by the way.

We'll see about that.

But it's great because- Boy, dog pondering.

But great bad.

A lot of people don't know them.

But this is, of course, for a while, this was humanity's podcast.

And then we branched out into the podcast of the animal kingdom.

So apparently word has gotten out.

What did this happen?

This happened late last year, I believe.

We thought that was too limiting to just be humanity's podcast.

Right.

Well, now it seems like you're going from humanity to just animals.

Is that not the case?

No, we haven't gone to minerals quite yet.

I did not say minerals.

I apologize for that, but you heard.

So are you saying- No vegetables, no minerals.

It's not taken.

But you're saying it's gone from being a podcast for humanity to being a podcast for the animal kingdom.

Oh, no, no, no, it's not just for, oh, no, that would be a severe blow to our listeners.

What's the official tagline now?

Well, gosh, okay, we haven't quite figured this out, but it was humanity's podcast.

And now it's humanity plus the animal kingdoms podcast, but that sounds very clunky.

Do you have any, can you punch this up?

What if it's the podcast for all creatures graded small?

There we are.

Do you remember those books?

I remember they existed.

Can you imagine in 20, the 2020s ever reading a book about a veterinarian?

We've moved on so far from that.

And he's not, he doesn't kill people.

What does it eat just saves animals?

A veterinarian next who happens to kill people.

He loves animals so much.

He wants humanity dead.

How about, how about a book about a podiatrist?

Sure.

But can you imagine I read them all as a you?

Did you really?

Didn't you know that was a TV show you could save yourself some time?

Oh, damn it.

One of the Doctor Who's was in it.

Which one?

The Blanca.

Doctor Who?

The one, the one who wore the cricket outfit.

So not Matt, what's the name?

No, this is an old school Doctor Who.

Sure.

The fifth Doctor.

Peter Davidson.

Oh, Peter, wait.

Not David's.

Not Peter Davidson.

Should he be Doctor Who next?

Peter Davidson.

And he was covered with tattoos.

But he is not Pete Davidson.

Pete Davidson should be Doctor Who next.

I mean, he's got that big dick energy.

Like Doctor Who next.

Who exactly?

Especially these past few seasons.

Right?

I feel like there was an episode of Doctor Who recently where he pulled a Lenny Krab.

So there's a big dongle just popped out.

Yeah.

We need Pete Davidson in this role.

I mean, I'm look, kids are watching this.

You know what I mean?

You know?

That's inappropriate.

But now that no longer a problem because the Doctor is a woman.

You're a woman.

Like the only one in the world.

Let me go.

Oh, the Doctor is a woman, you're a sexist.

Well, we'll get back to you in a second.

But come me up a little later, someone from the animal kingdom.

Exciting.

Which is very exciting.

We also have an attorney.

Oh.

An attorney.

I believe in law.

Yes.

I believe you have had usage of many attorneys over the years.

Oh, yes.

Now, hold on a second.

Why is it attorney at law?

What are the kind of attorney?

I'm never an attorney.

But I addressed that for Doctor.

Doctor and Doctor Whoing.

Doctor.

Oh, I like that.

Doctor at science fiction.

Why?

Because attorney is just that's just what it is.

It's a practitioner of the law.

Maybe it implies that someone is actually practicing and has not had their license revoked.

Are you still allowed to call yourself an attorney?

If you've been defrocked.

Can you call yourself an attorney at law if you have not passed the bar?

Nor have you ever even tried.

Like legally.

Could you put out an answer?

I'll just say the rules of the attorney.

The attorney.

Wonderful musical.

You know, I love the song, Parodies.

You do.

That's another clue.

That's another identity text.

Comedy bam bam.

But let's get to you because those are all in the future and we are talking about the present right now with our first guest.

Are these things yet to come?

Yes.

Are they disappointing your bogey finger at me?

Will be or maybe?

No, you're the bogey finger.

That's right.

If I'm asking the question, I'm asking what you're saying.

Scrooge had bony fingers.

Screw you.

I'm kidding.

Didn't screw you up bony fingers.

Screw you.

He was an older gentleman.

I think he's characterized as being sledder.

Yes.

He was a cylinder with a...

Not the Slender Man.

Maybe Scrooge is the Slender Man.

Have you ever thought about the connections between these two characters?

I mean, he has to have died at some point.

Probably although they heavily imply Dickens implies he is an immortal.

Really?

Yes.

I don't.

I don't know why.

A lot of times, you know, you'll read the prose and it'll be like the never aging Scrooge turned to his...

The never aging Scrooge.

Turn to his employee, the getting older every second Bob Cratchit.

Wow.

Do you think things got better at them for them at work after that first?

I think you slip back into just his same old patterns after about one month.

But do you think that he was more aware of it so Bob Cratchit could say, you're doing it again?

Hey, call me on this.

That's my deal.

Listen, I've had a total change of my outlook of life.

I know that all happens to be hard if I start to backslide, call me on it.

What if Scrooge is only nice on Christmas after that?

That's the lesson he learned.

We have to send them back.

Send all the ghosts back like, hey, we were talking about all year because the ghosts just take them back to Christmases.

He thinks like, okay, Christmas, I got it.

I understand what you're trying to tell me now.

I'm not going to die now, right?

He's still like a real jerk.

Three hundred sixty four days.

His lesson was not that he wasn't going to die.

It was that people were not going to show up to his funeral.

Now this is a thing.

A friend of mine got into this online with some people who thought that Scrooge's...

His change, his transformation happened just to save himself, but it's like he knew he was going to die.

Right.

I like to think he'll still die on the exact same day.

Although maybe one of the lessons he takes from this is he has to look after his health.

Do you think...

I don't think that was in there.

I mean, he's looking at his gravestone and if they happen to put how he died on it, do they do that on gravestones?

They should.

To bring you those.

They really should.

Although it could be embarrassing.

Somebody just fell down.

But I think that...

Show something too big up his butt.

I think it's too big.

There's a size and a place for everything.

It's so big that it killed the person.

Sure.

Well, with that like a building, climb up to the top of the watching monument.

But I think in those days looking after your health was like, don't eat meat for one meal a week.

Yeah.

What could they even do back then?

There was like, you know what I mean?

Everyone was thin because no one had enough food.

Except for rich people who were very fat.

That's true.

That was a sign of wealth.

Yes.

But I mean, what else could you do?

What else could you do?

You were thin, which means you do you have to exercise all that much of your super, super thin because you're not eating all that much?

It seems like that would burn too many calories.

You were thin.

If you were pale, it was because you worked in an office.

If you were tanned, it was because you worked outdoors.

Right.

And maybe, I mean, there were no like, low cholesterol drugs.

There were maybe that.

There were no drugs at all, although there was pod.

Was there?

Were people smoking marijuana back then?

Indichens days?

Yes.

What were the Dickens days?

Which century is that?

Indichens days.

Well, it's the 19th century.

Oh, okay.

The 1800s.

So you think they're smoking some, uh, dank weed?

Some kind, bud.

They got some nugs, some dank nugs.

Hey, credit.

Come on into my office here.

It probably wasn't illegal.

People didn't know what it was.

They were like, look it.

They didn't even know it.

They smoked it by accident.

Like, oh, I got a bad deal with this tobacco.

It made me crazy.

You know how everything like, you wonder who the first people are, whoever did something like, hey, let's set this on fire.

Like, is there stuff that we set this on fire?

Let's set this on fire.

The first arsenal.

Who was the first arsenal to set this on fire?

I'm talking about pod.

Oh, I see.

But is there something that we haven't done to something out there that would be great?

You know what I mean?

Mm.

No.

Like, or have we discovered everything?

We've done it all.

Like every single thing in the world, have we discovered what to do?

Have we tried setting everything on fire?

People have sex with buildings.

We've done it all.

What is that song that talks about that?

People have sex with Bill Gates.

Is that it?

No, I don't think so.

Okay.

I tried to write one real quick.

He is a song parodist, of course.

We know him primarily is that- It's a hobby.

What really?

You shouldn't.

Well, that's right.

You're other interests or perhaps more germane.

Clem, you're mad just- He is our first guest on the show.

He is a returning favorite.

People enjoy his presence on this show and that is why I ask for him to return.

You asked for me by name?

That's right.

Tell a friend.

And he is a very rich person who has been married.

I believe at last count it was in the 20s or 30s, was it not?

I think the last time I saw you was probably in the 20s now it's in the 30s.

Right.

So you've already been married at least 8, 5, 3, 8, 6, 7, 5, 3, 0, 9 times.

I'm just guessing a number.

Yes, my last wife was Jenny.

Okay, I know her.

Please welcome back to the show, Alimony Tony.

Hello everyone.

It is I, Alimony Tony.

I'm so glad to be back on the podcast.

God, thank you for having me.

Thank you so much for coming and welcome to my backyard.

This is the first time you've been in my backyard.

It is.

Oh, there's a truck going by UPS.

Somebody's getting a delivery.

Uh oh, not me.

I've stopped all deliveries.

Really?

Why is that out of safety concerns?

Yeah, I don't want anything coming into the house without, basically without any inspection or anything like that.

Oh, is there, are we hearing breaks now?

What is that that we're hearing?

It's a little beeping, maybe a backup.

Yeah, not my last week.

That went off for quite a long time.

That was a huge backup.

And was that in your driveway?

No, no, but people claimed that it was.

Yes, it was.

This is great to get behind the series.

Oh, no, he's, he was turning around.

He's turning around.

He's going back down the other way.

Imagine getting to the top of the street and saying, ah, shit.

I went the wrong way.

Can you imagine such a life?

Such an existence.

I lack the imagination.

But welcome back to the show.

First time you've been in my backyard, I apologize.

There's no one for you to marry back here.

That's all right.

I'll find somebody sooner or later.

If someone who's coming up on the show.

Oh, maybe we'll see.

Well, you did say the animal kingdom and an attorney.

And an attorney.

Neither of those interesting to you.

The attorney might work out.

We'll see.

OK, but not the animal kingdom.

You, I mean, if you're saying it's an animal, then no.

OK, wait, have you ever run out of people to marry?

And then said, maybe I should turn to the animal kingdom.

Scott, there's always someone to marry.

First of all, I've been very lucky.

I'm a cis white male.

I've married exclusively women.

I'm not closing the door on anything.

Who knows?

I love to get married because- A lot of people change their points of view on that later, am I?

That's right.

If people don't know why I love to get married, it's because more than anything, I love paying alimony.

You love it.

Now you- I love it.

You enjoy the marriages.

Of course, I always marry for love.

Sure.

It hasn't worked out, but I do love paying the alimony.

And there's no hard feelings with any of your former wives.

I'm friends with all of my former wives.

Good friends.

Well, to varying degrees, but we're all on positive terms.

OK.

Yeah.

But- Some I talk to every day, some I talk to once a year.

What do you- Merry Christmas.

Like a scrooge over here.

What do you love about the paying of the alimony?

Is it the writing of the check?

Is it the seeing your bank balance depletes?

What exactly is it that you love?

Well, my bank balance never depletes, really, because I'm independently wealthy.

My mother invented gaseous paper.

And- So it does deplete, but at the same time, you're gaining more than- Exactly.

Exactly.

That's exactly right.

And of course, every once in a while, royalties from my song parodies.

No, that's very, very- Very, very, very rare.

But what happens is it's always fun.

Yeah.

But yeah, I- What's your most popular one?

Oh, let's see.

My most popular one.

Just on the Spotify royalty rankings.

I think it's the- My parody of the National Anthem.

Right.

Of course, the Star Spangled Banner.

What's the title?

Is it a parody of one of the lyrics, like I was saying, can you see or is it a parody of the National Anthem?

It's a parody of the National Anthem, which is the Star Spangled Banner, which begins on say, can you see?

So I don't know if you thought there were two separate songs- No, it's the title of the parody.

Oh, the title of the parody.

The title of the parody is another National Anthem, which is a little nod to Stephen Sondheim.

And the- All right, by the way.

Exactly.

Rest in power.

I really think- I really think- I think the positive between that, like- I wanted to say peace because he was so old, but I feel like I want to say power because I bet he could have done some more stuff.

What's the dividing line between peace and power?

Like it used to be, you know, like leaders that we wanted to pump up, you know?

We wanted to make sure that they were like a Martin Luther King or whatever, a rest in power.

But at what point is it like, no, you know, that person was in so much pain by the end.

This is an interesting- They need to be rest in peace.

Rest in delineation.

Now, what I took it to mean was someone who was taken from us in their prime, and they still had more that they could have done.

Right.

Rest in power.

Right.

But rest in peace is like somebody who's so old and retired, like they're done.

Shouldn't there be something in between?

Like- Like rest in stasis, you know?

Like you were fine where you were, but you were also past your prime.

You were fine.

You were- You were past your prime.

You were 36.

Rest in stasis.

Is that what you think past their prime is when it comes to your marriages?

36?

Have you ever married anyone older than 36?

I've married many different ages.

Really?

Yes, I have.

Like how old are you?

I have ex wives who are deceased.

What?

And I send alimony checks to the graves.

Are they just collecting their- Like an urn on there?

Well, I mean, they have- of course they have a huge mausoleum, courtesy of me.

Oh, and there's a little mailbox in there, and so their checks go in there.

There shouldn't be mailboxes at graves.

I agree.

I would love that if I were- if I were to the post office and someday I'll get there.

If I worked there, I would love to- Why?

When they're staffs.com?

That's a good point.

Never go to the post office again.

But that would be great to have the graveyard shift.

And I don't mean working late at night.

I mean, although maybe they would- You mean the literal graveyard shift.

You have to go deliver letters to these graves.

These graves.

Maybe they would force you to do it after midnight.

We're going to let it all hang out.

But that's a- do you like that song?

I can't say that I like any ear claptons on him.

That's the weird part of it.

He really is something about him that's just so boring.

I've tried to go back and listen to- first is- I mean the cream era is okay maybe.

Then a white robe.

With black curtains.

Okay, what now?

That was a station.

I went there.

I sat in it.

Who cares?

Right.

Do you want to ask that?

No one.

Okay, good.

Thank you.

What do you think of this new stuff though?

It's really good.

Yeah, I finally turned it around.

Can't take this bullshit anymore.

Oh, that's right.

That's right.

He doesn't say bullshit.

Oh, okay.

He says to himself.

Just because kids can listen to it.

Yes.

Where he's saying, I don't want to be a lockdown anymore.

I don't care.

I think it's BS and I want to go where I want to go.

Where does he want to go?

Oh no.

A laundromat.

It's got a lot of clothes that he needs.

Soiled clothing.

That shouldn't be one of his song titles.

Soiled clothing.

What a bad...

It is.

Okay.

I was going to say it's not a bad song title.

It turns out it is.

Soiled clothing.

If you were to chance upon an unknown artist.

Speaking of which, song titles.

Yes.

The name of my parody of the sauce bangle banner is a bar mangled banner.

A bar mangled...

A bar mangled banner.

Yeah.

Describing someone's the way they do something in a bar mangled manner.

No, it is a manor.

MA and OO.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

The parody is about someone opening a bar.

Like the haunted knabbie and destroying it.

Oh.

Opening a bar and down to knabbie.

Here's why it's fun.

A little Easter egg is that the now national anthem is based on a British drinking song.

Right.

And so I'm making it a drinking song again in England, but it's Americans go over there and they set up a bar and down that maybe they destroy the place.

And this is your most popular?

It's my most popular.

Well, the TV show helped because people like that TV show.

Oh, oh, oh.

You had a TV show based on it.

Yes.

The only add in England, two series, as they say, but not bad.

Three episodes each was considered an official downtown have you spit on?

No, it was not.

And that's why I mean, it's a miracle we got those six episodes out because we were in court pretty fast considering.

I'd wear a wig.

That too.

When entertainment law in England, everyone has to wear a wig because it's entertainment.

He got to put on a show with people.

The jurors, he observes in the gallery, everyone's wearing wigs.

And it's not just the sort of the white wig people you can wear, like a David Bowie wig, a Tina Turner wig.

I have no choice.

John 3 16 wig.

Oh, yeah, the rainbow wig.

Exactly.

Yeah, boy, that guy had a very interesting story.

He did have a very interesting story.

He was like, I got to get noticed to let people know for God so love the world he gave his only begotten sons to die for his sins.

And then afterwards, though, even more interesting, I don't know if you've kept up with him.

No, well, here's what I know.

First he started going to games and just like saying like kind of raising his voice saying John 3 16, John 3 16, not working.

No, I got to get a sign.

He got the sign.

John 3 16, John 3 16.

He's like, I'm getting tired of saying this, but the sign I think is helping.

I know what I'll do.

I will add this rainbow wig.

People will be saying, what's that guy do?

Oh, John 3 16.

Oh, I got to look that up.

A famous guy with a very look him up by the way, Elle Monetone.

I think you'll find his.

Well, I mean, I don't want to know right now, but I don't want to take time.

I don't know right now.

Do you let me forever?

Me loaf.

Another interesting guy.

I did a song parody of that song, but it's so long.

Longer than the actual song.

I added four verses to my parody of paradise by the Dash Lord.

Well, well, well, well, well, well, well, his name, by the way, is Rowan Stewart.

Rowan Stewart.

Interesting.

Arrested in 1992.

Why did he bother having a name?

That's true.

And what was he arrested for?

Let's see.

Some sort of standoff.

Fucking tickets.

Uh oh.

Charge that off.

Stand off in a Los Angeles hotel.

Eight felonies kidnapping hostage taking, all sorts of stuff.

Oops.

John 3 16, not helping him.

What code is that in the police?

It's a 360.

It's gotta be.

Change it.

If it was, yes, exactly.

Exactly.

Where are you here?

I'm just here to see you and to spend time with you.

I thought I was your co-host for this episode.

Oh, yes.

No, that's right.

Okay.

But what's been going on in your life, I guess, is what I mean.

Well, good news.

I'm about to get divorced.

Oh, congratulations.

How are you?

That's wonderful news.

Thank you very much.

How long has this merits lasted?

Two weeks.

And boy, we fell in love very quick.

Oh, really?

And, yeah, her name was Jenny, right?

You were.

No, that was my last one.

Oh, that was your, like, current wife.

Her name is Hermione.

Hermione.

Like Hermione from the boy who lived books or?

What's that?

A wonderful book series by a notorious turf named J.K.

Rowling called Harry Potter.

And what is that about?

It's about a boy with a disfiguring scar on his forehead.

Ooh, or a book.

Yeah.

It's like a real fan of the opera type guy.

Okay, that sounds fun.

His whole life is affected by it.

Consider himself to be very ugly.

Oh, no.

Well, this is sad.

How old a boy is he?

I believe he's 11 or so in the first book.

And he grows up to be all the way to 18.

And then I don't want to spoil the last book for him.

He grows up to all the way to 18.

Yep.

That doesn't happen for a lot of people.

And then he dies.

No, he doesn't die right now.

I don't want to spoil.

Oh, you said he was a boy who lived?

Yes.

Well, he was supposed to die as a baby.

Oh, why?

According to another guy.

Was it supposed to be an abortion?

That's what they're referring to.

And they say the boy who lived is Harry Potter's mother decided at the last second not to get deported.

Where does this take place?

I know it's in England, but I wonder if it goes to get an abortion.

All the shops are shut.

Because it's Christmas.

It's Christmas day.

We can't perform abortion.

You're that boy.

Where can I get an abortion?

No, mom.

No one is big as me.

It's Christmas day.

Oh, what would that mean?

Aborption as big as me.

What would that mean?

I don't know.

I'm going to get an abortion and it's going to be big.

So Hermione or Hermione?

Hermione.

How's it spelled?

H-G-R.

Okay.

Yes.

Okay.

And where did you meet Hermione?

We met...

You know what's funny enough?

We met at an Alp Institute.

It's a meat.

We were in the meat aisle together.

We were standing near each other, not looking at each other.

I picked up this package of meat that said it was impossible.

And I said, impossible, you say.

And she...

Out loud.

Yes.

And she turned to me and said, hard to believe.

And I said, wait.

Is that from a Tom Waitsong?

And she said, yes it is.

It's when he was still doing the gravelly voice before he started singing through a bullhorn and stuff like that.

And I said, yes, that's right.

And we got two music fans.

Two music fans of a very specific subject.

That's right.

And we got to talking and we really hit it off.

And I said, this is going to sound crazy.

Hey, I just had you.

And this is crazy.

But here's my number.

Marry me maybe.

And she said, let's do it.

Wow.

I don't like you.

I think I could fall in love with you.

We got married the same day.

The exact same day in the supermarket?

Yes, we did.

Wow.

Who performed the ceremony?

It was...

We...

I got on the loudspeaker.

You're not supposed to do this.

I said, is there anybody here who was an ordained minister?

And three people were in the other team.

Three?

Wow.

Yes.

And so they were co-officients.

Oh, really?

Did they split up the responsibilities?

Like...

They each took turns talking like that improv game.

Or you say one word in a time.

And we got married in the frozen food dial.

Wow.

Because the lighting from the...

We were backlit by the freezes.

Sure.

It was very dramatic in nights.

Oh, yeah.

And I mean, people cried.

Like, people would gather around and some people were a little annoyed because they were trying to get at the ice cream and such.

Sure.

But that was very fuel and fall between.

It was a long ceremony.

We had...

We had a tradition.

It was like a Catholic ceremony with a full mat.

Okay.

And the supermarket was happy about this.

They weren't sad.

I mean, nobody really told us to knock it off for him.

Okay.

No one called the police.

No.

There was an even announcement at one point like halfway through.

Attention shoppers.

There was a full Catholic wedding ceremony going on in the frozen food dial if you'd like to watch.

And it was wonderful.

I mean, we...

Of course, we made up our own vows on the spot.

Really?

It's very important to me to never use any previous vows that I've already used.

Not even the same words?

No, I don't want to...

So and in the must have been gone like your very first.

Well, I mean, articles and conjunctions, you know, that's different.

I'm trying to express, you know, a sentiment that is unique to my new spouse.

And I don't want to just cheat and paraphrase previous vows.

So your copy of the source must be dog-eared as hell.

It is.

And I carry with me everywhere.

I go, okay.

You're just in game.

You had it that day.

I would hope.

Of course I had it that day.

Right.

Are you crossing out words in the source that you've used in your vows?

I mean, it must be so marked.

It makes it so much easier.

Sure.

So this is incredible.

And how soon after you were married did the problem start?

I would say the second week, the beginning of the second week.

So first week, honeymoon period.

What a wonderful week.

Did you run out of Tom Waite's records to talk about?

I mean, we did talk about other things in addition to that.

But did you have a question?

Yes, we did.

We started talking about her.

Clapton, of course.

We talked about painting our room white in our home.

Putting up black curtains.

Exactly.

And moving near the station.

And then the beginning of the second week, it seemed like we didn't have as much in common as we thought.

Was that the only thing you had in common?

Yeah.

So it turns out we had more differences than we had commonalities.

What were the differences?

I mean, well, there was an age difference.

Oh, she's older or you're older.

She's older.

She was significantly older.

Oh, 78 years old.

78?

Okay.

You're I've never quite asked you.

Well, let's just say I'm middle aged.

Right.

So I'm comfortably in my middle age.

But about 53.

A little older.

You keep going.

55.

Keep going.

56.

58.

60.

I'm 60 years young.

Oh, price is right.

Are you one year old?

And I'm just imagining the Yodler going over the hill.

I'm madida.

I love that guy.

Have you ever heard parody of that song?

Yes.

Oh, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, boo, different stuff.

So funny.

Okay.

Oh, I do not parody songs to make them funny.

No, I mean, I do.

But I'm sorry.

I didn't realize they were serious.

That seemed good.

I'm only one of the serious parody songs.

It really is.

You changed all the lyrics to rhymes, but they're all serious.

I just make the song about something else.

That's all I do.

I like the tunes.

Okay.

So she was older, about 18 years older, which so the cultural references were different.

Not that far off.

I mean, when you run out of water, by the way, or you said that you threw away the water before we started.

No, as you can see, I'm filling up my, my, my, my, my.

Oh, it seems to be about one third full and you've already drank water.

Yes, sir.

Yeah.

I really tickled you.

I really enjoyed that one.

So wait.

So you were probably talking about Star Wars a lot and she was talking about battle, saga, Lactica.

She was, she was talking about Buck Rogers, the original black and white flash gun flash hall.

Do you, do you obviously that movie?

I've never seen it.

That's just Scott hasn't seen.

Although I always wanted to when I was young and I bought it recently.

I should we watch it together?

Yes.

Alimony Tony on Scott hasn't seen.

I would love to do that.

You know, I'm a listener of Scott hasn't seen.

Oh, you are always nice to meet a fan.

The most recent episode with that lovely young lady.

Oh, she was so fun.

Oh, it told me she's single.

Unfortunately, no, she's with a friend of mine.

But you never know what can happen.

You think they might split up?

I mean, I suspected it.

Husband's got a bajerk.

I mean, it's just way incompatibility.

That's all, you know.

What makes them incompatible, would you say?

Well, you know, I mean, they're both very special people and sometimes two stars that shine bright in the sky can not collide.

Otherwise, they would explode.

Wait, is that scientifically true?

I don't know.

Wait, so the stars, they, they, if they shine too brightly, they mustn't collide or else there's a problem.

Right.

Exactly.

But if they're separate, then it's great.

I've been trying to travel, you know, I read something recently of where someone time traveled to the past and they said, and of course, we all know that two exact matches of bodies cannot exist in the same plane at the same time.

So this one disappeared and went into the, into like the negative zone or something.

Two exact matches of bodies.

Yes.

Like it did.

And what was weird was it was already a shapeshifter who would shapeshifted into anyway.

Never mind.

This is, this is my reading material.

Oh, right before I go to bed.

No wonder my dreams are so crazy.

Are you having bad dreams?

Yeah.

Terrible.

Oh, Scott, I'm so sorry.

Yeah.

You know, nightmares are a terrible thing and unfortunately I could tell you from 60, they never go away.

Yeah.

There's this guy with a disfigured face with like a little lightning bolt scar on his forehead and he's like, Trey's waving his wand at me and his wand.

Is he a conductor or something?

It's like a, it's like a sharp knife, but it's like a sharp knife, but, but, but just one, not on, but just one.

It's like a sharp knife, but just one.

You know how knives usually come and set?

Do they ever sell one knife?

Well, it depends on the type of knife that it is.

I think you just thinking of like knives from the dinner table.

Do you think when you're, when you're wide variety of not when you're like a famous chef, do you have to buy like those?

Do you, are you saying this is me in the future?

Yeah, when you're a famous chef, what I grew up to be a famous chef, do they make you buy like five at a time of those, those big fancy expensive knives?

They're like, we only sell them in sets.

Do they make you do that?

Um, or do they split them up?

That's a good question.

I guess, I guess when I'm a shame, famous chef, I'll find out a shame is theft.

I guess when I'm ashamed.

I, I, I'm trying to think of the movie chef with Johnny Faves.

And did he have, do they follow him to the knife stores?

Yeah.

I don't think we ever got, maybe deleted scene.

Maybe.

Yeah, a lot in that truck.

A lot of scenes in a truck.

A lot on the truck.

Not enough scenes in the knife store.

Must be difficult to film.

I wonder if they had to open up the side of the truck in order to film that.

I, I hope so.

I would have so much.

Very, very, very much.

Because it's not only a lot of people adding warmth because of the body warmth, but then also there's a stove there.

Yeah.

Sort of frying apparatus.

Do you think the guy holding the boom mic ever like sat on the stove accidentally and went, ow, ow, ow, my butt.

Can you hear that in the movie ever?

Did I hear that movie?

During one of the scenes.

Johnny Faves is talking to Johnny Leggs and the two Johnny's.

Faves, Leggs.

The two Johnny's.

The two Jakes.

The two Johnny's.

Two Johnny's.

She said they're in the movie chef with IC.

Oh, that was terrible.

Mm.

Not one of your best parodies.

Also too funny.

Here's the thing.

I have to, you're right.

I have to sit down and I can't do them on the fly.

I have to sit down and write them.

Yeah.

It's a laborious process.

Oh, that's why I have a laboratory in which to do it.

So what is going on with Hermione?

You're in process of getting it.

Did she know what's happening?

Yes, she did.

Yeah, she did.

No, no, no.

Of course.

It's the thing Scott.

It's never my decision.

It's always my decision.

Really, you leave it up to them.

Well, I saw that I leave it up to them.

I would stay married to any of them, but they, you know, it just turns out we're incompatible.

So, so every single person, this is interesting.

Every single person you've married, you've said to them, have you said to them, hey, I don't think we should stay married, but it's up to you.

Or do you just wait for them to say it and then, you know, waiting for them to say it, they say it just comes to a point where they say we have irreconcilable differences.

But you've never broached the subject of should we get a divorce?

That's always been something we bring up.

No, it's always been, it's always been brought up.

For someone who loves to pay alimony, you think that they would be right there on the tip of your tongue?

Well, because I also love to be married.

Oh, that's true, but not as much as you can't pay alimony if you're not married.

I love them both.

Equally?

Yeah, if you have a hot fudge Sunday, you don't just love the hot fudge.

You also love the ice cream.

It's the two of them together.

Is what makes the one to...

Has it never even hot fudge by itself?

Of course I have.

You know, every frosting out of the can, that's the best.

Sure.

All of these forbidden things you're not supposed to do.

It's wonderful.

I just can't imagine, like, first of all, heating it up and then just spooning it into my mouth.

It seems disgusting.

You don't have to heat it up.

Okay.

Yeah.

But it's hot fudge.

Hot fudge, but it doesn't come hot.

You don't buy a jar of it.

It's like, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh.

My butt.

I sat on some hot fudge.

I believe in miracles.

That's our chocolate.

That's true.

When you came along, you sexy thing.

Can you imagine saying that to someone?

What a line that would be.

I believe in miracles.

I believe in miracles because you came along.

You sexy thing.

Wow.

What a line.

You've never used it.

Nine times out of ten, you get slapped to their face but their tenth time.

Oh boy.

Speaking of which, when you ask people to marry you, how often are you slapped in the face?

Oh, this never happened.

Oh, really?

Because it's not a rude thing to say.

It would be if you were to just come up to a woman in the maternity ward.

Have you ever met a woman in the maternity ward?

That has happened one time.

Wow.

Yes.

One time.

I was there visiting my brother, whose wife.

From another mother?

No, from the same.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

Yes.

And his wife was having a baby.

Oh, wow.

And the whole family went to visit and wait.

You know, in the waiting room and he was in there.

That seems like a thing of the past.

Does anyone do that anymore?

Well, we did it.

Sure.

But in the past, you did it.

I'm just saying like these days.

It's true.

It seems like a very movie thing to see.

I think it depends on how close the family is.

My family was very close.

Okay.

I come from a large family.

How large?

Eight kids.

One mom, two dads.

In the same house?

Yes.

Wow.

Yes.

A thriple.

Well, not really.

Not really.

The two dads did not acknowledge that they were in a relationship together.

Oh, wait.

The dads were in a relationship together?

No, they, I just said they weren't.

Oh, oh, oh.

They did not.

So what's not?

They didn't eat.

It was not a thriple.

They would not, they would not say, yes, we're all the three of us in a relationship.

There's more of a bigger mean.

They had kind of my mother being the big of us too.

They all knew about each other, but they, they kept the relationships separate but under the same roof.

Separate but equal.

And my mother would never say which, which was the father of which child.

Oh, were there clues that you were able to glean from the physical?

We tried to piece it together over the years and from the way people looked and you know, we all, but we all just.

Was one of the dads named Tony?

That might have been a clue.

No.

Scott, please.

Because I'm not Tony Jr. but.

You could only be a junior by the way, if your middle name is the exact same as the father as well.

That's right.

And if you, and here's a fun thing and maybe we've discussed this before, if you're, if you're a nickname for a, the third, if you're the third, the exact same name, a nickname for you is trip.

And if you, if you, if you are technically the second, but there's one in between generation and between you, but you have the same name as your grandfather.

Sure.

They could call you skip.

Really?

God, I want to call someone skip or trip.

God, I wish I could call you skipper trip.

You call me skipper trip.

Hey, skipper trip.

It's me, the skipper trip.

Hi, welcome aboard.

The thing is that, but, but both, both my father's looked very much alike.

So that made it harder to tell.

Oh, so she had a.

My mother was very crafty and she did have a type yes.

Yeah.

And what did they look like?

They look like me.

Oh, wow.

They both look like me.

So you were your mom's type in a way.

Well, but I also this, that's some of my mom's features in there as well.

Are you, which half is your mom and which half is your dad?

Would you say on your body?

Oh, it's probably a straight up top to bottom.

So bottom your dad, I would imagine?

No, I would say just below, just below the tip of the face.

The hips, just below the thighs is where I start to really take after my mom.

I have a slender legs and you're very, very top.

A finely turned ankles.

Yeah, you're very top heavy and then you have these little pencils.

I'm like a little inverted pyramid.

Sure.

But not in a good way.

My legs are very precarious.

You're wobbling right now, by the way.

Yes.

Can I sit down?

Do you mind?

Yeah, please.

I mean, I'm sorry.

Were you waiting for me to say?

I thought, yes, I thought I thought you like your guests standing for the show.

Oh, okay.

For all of these.

I never realized I could sit down.

I thought you were at attention the entire time.

Not to end, John.

Were you a military man?

I was not a military man.

But I was in...

Because it seems to me like you would have been in Vietnam being 60.

Being 60, you think I was in Vietnam?

No, you're right.

Yeah, I'm...

Yeah.

Lucky you.

You just missed it.

You think like a man who's not closing in on 60 himself.

And you think 60 is like the tugglass bit.

Right.

Comes in my band.

Yeah, I was not in the military, but I was in the reserves for the...

That counts as the military.

Well, for the Girl Scouts.

Oh, for the Girl Scouts.

Just for cookies.

Oh, they need some backup.

They need some backup.

I'm a good salesman.

It's not my trade, but I am good at talking people into finance.

But you've got so many people to marry you.

I mean, they buy into your whole thing.

I never thought of it that way, but maybe that's true.

And then they get to know me and the bloom is off the rose.

Yeah.

Why do you think that you're so incompatible with people?

What is it about you?

To be honest, I think when they find out about the previous marriages that the Red You don't tell them.

Wait, okay.

This is why I'm flying by a mission.

It doesn't come up until after we're married.

It can come up if you make it come up.

Well, you never come up.

You've been on a date they say, have you ever been married before?

Yes, I say yes, and it did work out.

30 times.

Nobody ever asked how many times.

It just hasn't happened.

You have to...

I mean, if this is the reason you're getting so many divorces, you should tell me it's not the sole reason.

It's not the sole reason.

The majority of her, the preponderance of the reason.

It's mentioned most of the time.

More than a white clef, certainly.

What is it more than a white clef?

Let me just say it's mentioned more than a white clef.

Any more times than one is more than a white clef.

Any more times is more than a white clef.

Well, Alimony Tony is here.

Did I introduce you?

Yes, I did.

Okay, good.

I was wondering if that was still on the docket.

Of course, my song parody, my nom du song parody is We Are D'Amoni Alimony Tony is here.

And he was saying that he's been coming up with a very serious song parody that he wants to...

The lyrics of which he wants to debut a little later on the show.

I don't think I said that.

Oh, okay.

Maybe I misheard you.

You know what?

Since you brought it up, I will debut it later on the show.

Okay, great.

There might be a time during the course of the episode where I get a little quiet.

I understand.

Where I'm letting other people talk.

You brought out that the sores, by the way, out of your back pocket.

That's right.

I keep my thesaurus in my back pocket.

That's right.

I wonder your butt looked so big.

But it's...

No, it's just my thesaurus.

My back is all kinds of messed up, by the way, from sitting on the sores.

It makes you taller in the chair, I have to say.

What's the...

If I remember to take it out of the pocket and sit on it, then it's fine.

But if I keep it in the pocket, then I'm sitting unevenly and it really messes up my back.

What's the other book because you're not lopsie?

Oh, wait, is it the fountainhead?

Yes, but I'm rent.

Yeah.

I heard so much about it.

And I thought, I got to check out this lady's work.

Thesaurus might come in handy when you read that.

Why is that?

Because I don't know where...

Oh, I guess a dictionary would be more effort over.

Well, I mean, I look at thesaurus so much, I know a lot of words.

I guess you could.

If you were strapped and didn't have a dictionary...

If I was carrying a gun?

No, I mean...

If you only had enough money for one thing, buy the thesaurus.

I cannot imagine such a scenario.

If you only had money for one book and you were like, I don't know whether to get a dictionary or a thesaurus, buy the thesaurus.

Or walk me through this.

How does it happen that I don't have enough money for two books?

I know you're independently wealthy.

I'm talking about a poorer person.

No, I get that, but I honestly don't know because it's not my experience.

I'm saying like, if you were to go into a book store and you go, got...

1995 for each of these books, I only have a 20 spot on me.

Buy the thesaurus because you would be able to glean the definitions of these words by its synonyms.

And the dictionary only gives you the definition and then a few synonyms, right?

Yes, I suppose that's true.

But...

You're trying to think your way out of this one.

Well, I'm trying to say when you're using this, you need a reference book.

You need a reference book because you don't know what a lot of these big words are.

Right.

And people are using thesaurus words all the time.

All the time.

And you're like, what is going on?

You could backwards figure it out.

I don't know what perspicacious means.

What does perspicacious mean?

Observeant.

Oh, okay.

See, now if I were to look up perspicacious in the thesaurus...

The meaning is intelligent.

You know what?

I'm going to look it up right now.

Okay.

Oh, he's brought us thesaurus out.

No, that's the fountain.

You got to switch books.

That's the fountain.

What are you doing?

It's giving a head to the P.

Well, that's the pages.

I mean...

Pers...

I imagine it's P-E-R.

Perspicacious.

Exciting moment in podcasting.

Acute.

All-knowing.

Appiseptive.

Perceptive.

Use that observant.

Appiseptive.

What is the difference between perceptive and appiseptive?

I have no idea.

Okay.

But if you had a dictionary you would be able to find out, but can you from that thesaurus?

I wish I had a dictionary.

Let me see if it's in the fountainhead.

Hold on a second.

Look at every...

Just read it aloud.

Would you...

The fountainhead.

Chapter one.

The takers and the makers.

Which one are you?

Howard Rourke knew which one he was.

Is Howard fake until you make it?

Comes from?

The fountainhead.

Oh, wow.

Interesting.

All right.

Well, check out the fountainhead.

I don't know if that's the point.

How many bang bang were back?

Alimony Tony is here.

He's been flipping through the source.

What'd you come up with?

You have an interesting words to throw out to us?

No.

Okay.

What is that a synonym for?

Negatory?

Negatory.

That sounds like CB Talk to me.

Negatory, good buddy.

Look out for a smokey and a plain brown rapper on the dirty side.

We got a bear in the sky.

Bear in the air.

It's time to get to our next guest.

I'm excited.

You've used the services of many attorneys.

Yes, I have.

Do you use a different one for each device?

I try to stick to the same one.

A couple of them have died.

I think we talked about one of them in one of your previous appearance.

I'm sure we probably have one.

We'd love to have that person on the show if you ever want to bring them on.

Oh, that's interesting.

Sure.

Maybe I will.

Maybe I'll call them up.

Oh, that's right.

Is it a turny journey?

A turny journey.

A turny small?

Yes.

She's fine.

She didn't do anything.

Oh, Jessie.

Yeah.

She's fine.

Journey small is fine.

She's okay.

Don't worry about her.

Don't put any of the jussy stuff on her.

No.

She is a different person.

Yeah.

Totally different person.

She's our own person.

That's right.

Very similar name.

We'll give her that.

Then next to each other in the alphabet kind of.

Yeah.

Jug.

Is there a queue in the junk wheats?

Jug wheats.

Oh, Tae.

It's a jug of buckwheat.

You pour it out and it's a breakfast.

It's a jugwheat.

Jugwheat.

We should start selling Elmo Toni's junk wheats.

I don't know.

Let's never talk about it again.

We can't make a...

It's making a book.

We have a deal.

Nothing about it.

It doesn't feel great to me.

All right.

But let's get to him.

He is an attorney.

Please welcome to the show.

Oh, my gosh.

Did I write down the Rudy Del Muda?

Robbie Del Muda.

I wrote down Robie Del Muda.

That's okay, Scott.

That's okay.

Well, your name is Robbie.

Robbie Del Muda.

Oh, okay.

I didn't put the second B in.

That was my problem.

That's okay.

Okay.

Robbie Del Muda.

Welcome to the show.

Thanks for having me, Scott.

I'm glad to be here.

I'm noticing Robbie.

This was not made apparent to me by our booking person.

But I'm noticing that you are...

You have all the trappings of a certain type of person.

You're very short.

Your face is very smooth.

Yes.

You...

It hasn't been ravaged by the sun yet.

Not yet.

You'll get there.

Don't worry.

But you seem to be a young person.

I'm 11 years old, Scott.

I'm 11 years old.

I'm in fifth grade.

You're in fifth grade.

Yes.

Okay.

I'm in fifth grade, Scott.

And you're an attorney?

Well, yes and no.

I don't know how those two can coexist.

Much like a person with the same DNA can't be on the earth at the same time.

What?

It's transported to another dimension.

Another dimension, by the way, Elle Monty, Tony.

Is that true?

Another dimension.

Scott, I'm so glad you said that this is a child because I was thinking he was.

What were the things you noticed about him that you...

He's small of stature.

His face is very smooth.

Very smooth.

Not even ravaged by the sun.

But his deep voice is a little...

It threw me off the scent.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, not as deep as some human beings, but certainly...

You've gone through...

Take Cassidy.

I hate asking any person this, but you've gone through puberty, haven't you?

Scott, I've been asking a lot of questions as of late, so no topic is off.

Off limits and not off the table.

Okay.

I do have a bit of a lower voice, but that's because I am trying to seem a little bit older than I am.

Oh, you're putting it on.

It's a little bit...

I'm currently on...

Here's the deal.

Okay.

Yeah.

Just tell me your deal because a lot of people come on the show and they don't get to their deal quickly enough.

So I'm glad that you're cutting to the chase and you're getting to your deal.

So I might be short, Scott.

I might be short.

I'm currently on trial and I am representing myself.

I don't want to be representing myself, but I'm currently representing myself.

In a major trial.

Oh my God.

You know the old adage that...

No, a trap, probably not.

Because it's old?

Yeah.

What is...

A client who has himself as an attorney has a fool for a client.

An attorney who has himself...

An attorney who comes to work.

A man who defends himself in court.

A man who wakes a boy.

A man who...

A man who captures a woman.

Yes.

You know that one.

You've captured as a woman?

I've never heard of that.

This is no helping.

All right.

Now, Scott.

Not a doctor who fan?

No.

What?

Do you see his penis?

No, I haven't...

You haven't seen anybody's penis.

How many penises have you seen?

You barely.

Mine.

My dad's.

In what situation?

We go to the gym.

Isn't it shocking?

What are you pumping iron with him?

We go to the gym and then we shower afterward.

I got private showers and I'm too scared to shower by myself so my dad has to shower with me.

Isn't it a...

He doesn't want to, but I'm not at an age where I feel comfortable yet.

Isn't it a shocking thing when you see your dad's penis?

Yes.

You are...

You are just like, what is going on?

What's going on?

How do I get one of those?

Am I going to get one of those?

Will I?

Dad?

Is it good or bad?

He's like, don't...

With that talking about this right now in the shower.

With the gym.

Is that what you're on trial for?

What?

No.

I'm on trial for embezzlement.

I've been wrongly accused.

Let me get that out there right now.

I've been wrongly accused.

Embezzlement.

Do you have your own company or at least a company you work for?

It's got to be too young to have a company.

I'm 11 years old.

I'm in fifth grade right now.

You mentioned that.

There are a bunch of people, a bunch of older men that work at a company.

Granite Investments.

Okay.

And where is this located?

This is located in Wisconsin.

It's located just outside of Milwaukee.

In Menominee Falls.

Oh, okay.

And that's where you're from?

Or the company is there?

I'm from Cedar Grove, Wisconsin.

It's a little bit further from Menominee Falls.

It's about a 30 minute drive.

Okay.

No one's really interested in those kind of details.

You could just say it's like nearby.

Well.

Because this is a worldwide podcast.

No one is really getting granular on Wisconsin geography.

I don't...

Scott.

It's one of the only facts you seem to know.

Scott.

I'm in over my head right now.

Okay.

Let me tell you that right now.

You're reaching for things that are familiar to you.

I understand.

Yes.

I'm just trying to make my way through this trial.

Okay.

I'm in fifth grade.

I got a lot of homework, Scott.

I got a lot of homework to get done.

And I'm not getting any of it.

How did you reach this point where you're on trial?

Scott.

I was at home just a mind of my own business.

And I look up and my pants are watching the news.

And my face pops up.

Apparently, a bunch of these old men were embezzling money from other investors at Granite Investments.

And then they were taking some of the money and they were going to get pin-fought.

But they ended up...

They pinned it on me.

They pinned it on an 11-year-old boy.

And now I'm on trial for my life.

You claim you're the Patsy in this situation.

Yes, Scott.

Do you know what a Patsy is?

Yes.

I've been told many times that...

Many times.

That's more than a white cliff.

Who?

What?

Well, I don't expect you to know who white cliff is.

Hey, someone with a penis.

Okay.

Back to my dad.

Do you think white cliff ever thought like, hey, what if I tried that Lenny Kravitz thing?

And then he tried it and went...

I would imagine every musician when that happens like, I'll probably do that too.

It's like celebrities getting podcasts.

Yeah, do you got a lot?

One of Lenny Kravitz hosted a podcast just talking about that incident.

Who was the first celebrity to have a podcast?

That's like the first Lenny Kravitz to let his penis fly.

That's true.

Yeah, you invented them.

So, Robbie, you had no knowledge of any of this.

I had no knowledge.

These people, they were taking money from investors and then they ended up pushing them into NBA trading cards.

Okay.

They were trying to turn a profit because sports cards have made a big leap in popularity as of late and then their investors are finding out.

So they were like, we got to pin it on someone.

Wait, so do you collect these in the trading?

Do you collect NBA trading cards as well?

That's what made this so convenient for the people at Granite Investment.

I don't understand this scheme though.

The Granite Investment people were embezzling money.

They were embezzling money.

They were investing in NBA trading cards.

They were investing their embezzled money in NBA trading time.

Yeah.

The money is...

Yes, to hide the money.

It's like laundering.

Okay, were there receipts for these NBA trading cards or...

Yeah, no.

Do you know what receipts are?

I'm sorry, you seem very confused.

Your eyes got wide when I said that rather.

My mom, when we were at the grocery store, my mom buy stuff, she puts it on the card and they say, do we need to do a receipt?

And she says, no.

So they just put it into a...

So you've never known what one is?

They just put it right into some empty bag.

Why does your mom want the receipts?

She doesn't want the receipts.

She says no to them.

So the cashier puts them in the bag.

Well, what it is is they're printed on paper.

They're itemized lists of every single thing that was bought.

Yeah, I don't know why they're necessary either.

But we're buying with moped.

We're not even used to paper the paper.

I know.

We're not giving them paper anymore, but now they're giving us paper.

Do you know what a checking account is, by the way?

Yeah, the crazy things that we used to have.

They're like promissory notes.

Scott, those are?

No, I can't...

Look, I can barely keep my head above water right now.

Okay?

I'm in court.

I'm trying to stay in fifth grade.

I got a bully at school.

I'm in a lot of trouble right now.

Oh, who's bullying you?

Dean Axton.

Wait, this is one of the deans at the school.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

My school has multiple deans.

It's terrible when your bully is one of the faculty members.

Yeah, it is.

Tell me about it.

Wow.

So I just don't understand why...

I mean, it seems like you have definite links to this crime.

At the very least.

I have links in the fact that I buy NBA trading cards as well.

I have a similar hobby and similar to what?

Similar to what granted investment?

Seems like the exact same hobby.

It's okay.

Yeah.

Am I on trial right now?

I'm already on one trial, Scott.

Okay?

No, you did.

We swear everyone in before they come on this podcast.

I know.

I'm familiar with the process.

So you can be prosecuted if you ever lie on the podcast.

So I just want to make sure that you know that.

But you took a note.

But so, I mean, it is a little strange that they...

I mean, I've never heard of any scheme like that of someone trying to hide the money in trading cards.

Scott, I am just as bewildered as you are right now.

Okay?

I'm sitting in that courtroom.

I had an attorney to begin with.

Yeah, what happened?

Yeah.

Why are you representing yourself?

The attorney said, this case is a sham.

I don't want to be part of it.

So he walks out and the judge is listening.

Usually when the attorney say a case is a sham, they're talking about it because it's unwarranted and that makes them want to stay on it even further.

Not this guy.

He walked out the door.

The judge says, I don't see anybody else here for you.

Did he say something like, who has two thumbs?

Is it going to be representing himself?

And then pointed his two thumbs at you?

Yeah.

Boy, is it a move at me?

Next thing I know, I'm cross-examining witnesses.

Oh, no.

Are you objecting ever?

Because that's something attorneys can do.

What?

Yeah, you can object to anything that the other person said.

Scott, I've been blindsided through this whole process.

Oh, that's a big part of it.

I object.

Quick.

I got a question for you.

When do you think?

When do I think what?

Do you think that's early?

What do you think?

Scott, I'll get a lay out a scenario for you.

Tell me what you think.

Scott, when you say it, probably.

Or Tony, either of you can answer this question.

Oh, Tony, this one is for both of us.

Okay.

Do you think that...

This is sort of like the three people who married you, you and Hermione, splitting up the responsibility.

That's fun.

Yeah, we had a third.

Scott, Tony, let me tell you.

If I was in that situation, my mind would be spinning.

I'd be like, I got two dads here.

What's happening?

I got two dads and a mom.

Greg, ever get a Paul Reiser?

What?

My two dads.

Ooh.

Any more than two dads?

It's more than a Reiser.

Okay, speaking of that's my question.

Any other two dads is a waste.

Okay.

Speak you a Paul Reiser.

Listen, here's a question I got for you.

If you have preference, would you rather watch Mad About You?

So you know who Paul Reiser is?

My parents talk about a man...

Do you say who?

You said who earlier.

I did.

I'm on trial here and I'm not going to get a good one.

Well, he might not have wrote who Greg Abigod was.

You saw who BJ Abigod was.

Yeah.

If you had the watch Mad About You, a side film...

Who would he play?

Did he play BJ or the bear?

Because either of those could be a monkey name.

He played BJ.

Yes, the bear was the monkey.

The bear was the...

Isn't that fun?

A monkey named Bear.

That's like a doctor named a woman.

How about a dog named Cat?

Can you imagine that?

Can you imagine?

By the way, we have someone from the animal kingdom coming up.

Okay, so when do we think this?

Go.

When do you think?

Do you...

I'd rather watch Mad About You or what?

Would you rather watch Mad About You or an episode of Seinfeld?

The entirety of Mad About You or one single episode of Seinfeld...

Probably one episode of Seinfeld.

I don't have the time to watch.

This would like...

Do you want to fight a hundred ducks or one big duck?

Yes.

Which one do you pick?

Would you rather watch Seinfeld or fight a hundred ducks?

Yeah.

That's a tough one.

One episode of Seinfeld...

One episode of Seinfeld.

I would rather fight the ducks, probably, to death.

Am I a buddy of ducks?

Yeah.

Okay, now with the talk of my language, I'm not talking with my wife.

Will I ever fight Amelia Westervez or the cast of Mighty Ducks?

Yes.

Or watch one episode of Seinfeld.

I don't know.

Amelia Westervez is unvaccinated though, so I'm not going to...

I don't know if I'd want to...

I think he wasn't even fired from Mighty Ducks for that reason.

Oh, that's right.

He wouldn't do it.

Yeah.

So I don't know that I want to get that close.

Now what's a nine?

Amelia, what about Mighty Ducks?

Four.

Clapton?

Amelia Westervez and Mighty Ducks.

Four?

What's next?

What's the next?

Eleven-year-old trial?

That's currently.

What?

That's not next?

No, that's now.

Yeah, that's now.

Yeah, it's now.

I just need to...

A lawyer who represents himself has a fool for a client.

There we go.

Sorry.

How does that make you feel to hear that you're a fool?

I tell you what, at least someone tells me a little bit what's going on here because I'm in a lot of trouble right now.

Yeah.

So why did your lawyer leave because he thought the charges were so ludicrous?

He got this.

He called it erroneous.

He walked out.

There was no one else left.

That's bad lawyering.

He was like, he would go, these are erroneous.

I can win this.

Er, er, er, er, erroneous.

That's a little, that's a little song parody.

That's Duran Duran, by the way.

I don't know.

Two of them?

The same name?

What kind of mother is that?

There's no two Robby's in my family.

So how's the trial been going?

I mean, how's it?

Well, let me tell you.

We're in Night Court. It's being helped because I have school during the day. Is it fun like the John Larricut Night Court?

what Being rebooted with Johnny Golike no, no, no Melissa Rauch haley moves around yes, you know who Melissa, right? No, who miss a route miss you row row what?

That's what that I don't even know no Anyways, I'm in night court your night court. I'm defending myself Sweet, so I'll call the die court is that the Seinfeld theme Pre-cursor oh it is very close to the side filthy that I got him Yeah, I need to hear more this stuff about all the stuff because I'm trying to make small talk with the jurors There's so few songs where a bassist can truly shine night court theme Seinfeld theme. Yeah, what else any red hot chili peppers? Oh Can you imagine here flea on?

I Imagine Or dynasty on fleek oh Can't wow I can't either I can't imagine flea on dynasty. I can't you can't I been I can imagine flea over here Yeah, I can imagine dynasty over here in the Carrington's and the yeah, you know the huge house and all that I can't get these to cross over I can't get a little walk over to the house Collins and flea doing some dishy dial falling into a pool together No, I can't even imagine it. I Feel sorry for you Well, I feels hard for you for different reasons. Oh I don't want to get into it now talk to the truck the truck is this my pants talking to each other here?

What's going on your pants?

Oh Now you hear now you hear chutting you agree Okay, we are friends again. Hey, got it. So you so you've been in night court I've been in night court. I'm trying to get through school.

My pants are like my parents are like I don't care I'm just of the way you said parents for us and I yeah trust me fool me once and then I'm I'm in I'm buying it I'm buying it. I'm not looking back good to know yeah, my pants are like just get just go ahead Get you keep your grades up do whatever you're gonna do on your free time. We don't care We don't care. We don't want they're not invested in this trial. They're not invested at all. They don't care one bit They don't care no, they don't care one bit Scott and I'm just like I'm I'm up the creek without a paddle over here Yeah, I'm looking at serious time Yeah, I mean embezzlement I mean the the minimum mandatory sentence for that must be at least 10 years or so. Yeah Scott Could you be my lawyer seem to know a lot about this already?

I mean, I'm usually how late is this night court? I'm usually in sleep by 5 p.m. It starts at 10 p.m Starts at 10. Yeah, what kind of night court is this night court?

Scott, I'm so tired. I'm so tired. I can barely get through it. I can barely get through the nights I mean, how long is this trile being going on? It is like not right now. It's been good two and a half months Two and a half months. Oh, come for you. What are they? I mean, what's all the evidence against you? Okay?

There's a bunch of trading cards that look similar to the trading cards that I have Okay, okay and similar in what way Let's see. There's a Zach Levine rookie card that I have and they also have okay, they're saying that it was one and the same They're saying it's an identical card or they're saying it's the exact card. They're saying it's the exact car Where is your card? Have you brought that in to say no, this is my card? I will never show them where my card is okay?

It's a it's an expensive card. I'm not giving enough okay, see, but this is this is important evidence Is this why your lawyer quit because you said that you wouldn't offer the evidence up that I told him I ain't giving you nothing Let me ask you a question. Let's cut to the chase. Let's cut to it Which in film terms Means editing out any of the dull moments and then cutting to the exciting chase part of it Oh, is that what makes the Avengers so great? I love those movies such some of the best chases Oh, the best chase is a lowcase chasing hulk. Yeah, it turns around and chases low key. Oh, they're back and forth Yeah, it's a never ending. It's a never ending So let's do it like though. Let's do it like the marvel movies where we just like cut out all the as Eric Clapton would say BS Oh, what?

Did you have you ever been to granted investments?

Yes once once one time so a white clef. Yeah one time I went to granted investment. Okay, and what did you do?

What was the date and what did you do there?

I went there. I went there about six months ago. All right.

Hey, I went there It's about three and a half months before the trial. Uh-huh and I went and I brought speedy trial It's a speedy trial, but you have the right to uh to a speedy trial. So I'm glad that you uh uh Yeah, that's one thing. Yeah, but I thought speedy trial was going to be like four minutes I thought fine. I'll be in I'll be out. Okay. Can we do this on recess or what? I can get over this and get this over with quickly No, I brought my base by basketball cards to granted investments because I was going to invest them. I was going to invest You're going to invest your cards Okay, you're a kid. You don't know how this works Oh, don't talk down to me scott. I know how this works. All right. Okay. So you were you were bringing Your cards to granted investments. What did you leave them there? I may have left them there for a little bit All right. Are they still there?

Well, I don't want to give away by hiding spot, but yes, they're all like granted investments Okay, and how where did you get the money for all these cards? Oh, I have a paper route Okay, a dying job. Let me tell you that right now. Oh boy.

It's a dying Grinch is it don't get me started on that. I don't want to all right because I've already made the argument many times in the in the court room All right, the show started by the way is a newspaper what?

Segregated podcast. We were lucky. Yeah, print is dying.

You were lucky to make the transition. Yeah, a lot of papers didn't but but The amount did you have obituaries?

During the show. Yeah If you listen a lot of people turn it off when they hear that you're oh, yeah, I love the obituaries We should be if you haven't before listen Listen, I'll show you tune into the let's stay for the obituaries this time. I love the obituaries and I love the opinions but um It seems to me like the amount of your of cards that you own. Yeah, they're so valuable Yeah, I don't know that you would be able to buy them from just a paper route. Where did did you ever?

Uh, by the way, what is your connection to granite? Does your father work there by any chance father owns grand investments?

My father who I love very dearly and will and will love to the day I die. He's got a bigger Wong than me Here's a tip love until the day he dies and then you can feel however you want to feel oh You don't have to love him until the day you die. Oh, okay.

Yeah, unless you die first Hey, has that has that concept ever? I know it's a heavy concept for a child that you can uh die before your parents what?

What no, that's not possible Then we're gonna die at the exact same time. Oh probably maybe in a car accident would never go to what?

I Were a bus family Wait, you all think the bus. No, we all own the bus. Oh, you own one bus. Yeah, like the parts your family what who?

I'm sorry. I'm sorry. These are Difficult concepts to grasp for such a for an 11 year old.

It sounds like a good family though It sounds a good family. I'd love to be a part of it. I don't know. I if I were you yeah I would try and you know, maybe wear a wire and try to get your dad talking about this You walk through the gaudum contact the FBI the federal bureau of investigations. Okay, uh, it used to be run by uh, uh, Hoover Contact the FBI say you're willing to wear a wire. Is that how you always in the ducem This department used to be run by Hoover. Yeah, g're over.

Was he a recent? Is he a recent?

Not recent. No, I just want to give you some historical Okay In case you ever watched that movie j Edgar Hoover, uh, which has the aforementioned Leo de Caprio wearing a halloween store old man makeup Oh boy, that was that was something else That was something else about that in this leo cat in leo cannon. No one ever brings up that Can you imagine spending four months working hard on something and then it comes out and is No one ever speaks of it ever. I want to talk them out it Except right now to say how about the haggle bus. Yeah, who directed it? You Would clear it's a clinny swood movie. It's got Leo de Caprio in it. No talking about it and army hammer and four two Maybe oh, that's right Maybe that's why you should do more than one take If you if you if you want people to remember you move the frank Sinatra of directors. He surely was You're not paying me to make two movies I was weird at the other like you expected the other characters in j Edgar to be like, uh, why do you look like that?

What happened to you? Well, this is my house of Gucci, uh, a problem. It's like anytime, uh, uh, What's his name? Who is it the joker?

By the way, that that's my theory is that it's not uh, Jared leto doing that performance. It's the joker jim carrey.

Oh, no He showed up the same joker from suicide squad showed up and he's like I want to act in house of gucci Imagine being an actor who looks like that already and say I could have done that. Why did they call me?

But why doesn't it have time in house of gucci? Why doesn't anyone ever say hey, why do you look like that?

Why are you talking like that?

How come nobody in house of Gucci doesn't just say why don't we speak in Italian?

Hahahaha Instead of doing English in these accents, why don't we just speak Italian a date of language in our date of home?

Yeah, we are in Italy talking English in Italian access here Saying it tell you words What's going on? I'm writing this stuff down. I got talked to the jurors about this stuff Talk to the jurors. No, I got contact the FBI tell him you're willing to wear a wire used to run it Take your Hoover. Oh, right. I just come right this time name drop him. Yeah, say this i jed goova used to run the FBI Yeah, yeah, say you're willing to wear a wire finger your dad what?

Oh, you know that is all right. I know what that is Trust me my friends and I laugh about it all the time. This will solve all of your problems. You'll get off What you'll get you'll get immunity say you'll do it for immunity get off another print song 22 positions in one night stand. Oh, you know that yes, I know that's got i'm not an idiot. I live in this world Okay Well, we have to take a break, but uh, maybe you know try that out during the break call up, uh, fbi.com or I don't know if you call it fbi.com Can you call a website of not sure?

I was at zappos.com. We're gonna be saving so much time calling these websites. Why are we?

I think where are we buying computers?

All right, we have to take a break when we come back. Well, if someone from the animal kingdom That's very exciting. We'll have more with alimony tony and we'll have more from robbie del muta We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this Comedy bang bang we're back alimony tony is here. He's been on his phone crafting something. No, I have it What are you talking about?

Oh, okay. What have you been on your phone doing?

I've just been like luita twitter stuff. Okay. Okay, but you you are going to be uh debuting a uh, Apparity, yes, which I we established I've written before sure. Yes, of course, but yes I'm just going to sing it at the end of the year to sing it at the end of the show before the obituary. Yes Who died by the way?

Nose boilers until you get the Uh, we also have uh robbie del muta attorney of law. Thank you very much Don't I just said who you were Sorry, are you thinking the listeners for their appreciation of you?

I'm trying just what I say to the judge whenever he lets me talk It tells me to stop talking. I say thank you very much. By the way. Do you call him your honor?

I call him your honor and I'm always like what's under there?

Underwear. Oh, you drink me Yes, god damn it bro. Yes, the judge hasn't fall full once you have it's worth it I'm gonna keep trying all right. Well, we need to get to our next guest. Yeah, robbie uh, this is a uh I mentioned uh, someone from the animal kingdom. This is a dog. Please welcome to the show max Hi scott pleasure be here. Hi. It's for me. Yeah. Oh, my pleasure. Oh, aren't you a cute little thing? Oh, thanks.

Uh, I'm sorry I meant to say that's all my guests. Aren't you a cute little thing?

You say to me scott. I don't know. Yeah, it's okay. I don't know. But I can say do a dog. Can I? Yeah?

Yeah, you sure can. Thanks. Hey, so it's so nice to meet you max. Yes Max, that's my name now, but if I get adopted I'm willing to take um any name. Uh, I haven't been adopted yet. So, um, that's just a name I use Your dog currently on the market on the uh, on the market.

Yeah. Oh, and is that why you're on the show in order to get someone to adopt you?

Yeah, um Do you have something else to plug?

No, um, that's just me just to be adopted. Yeah. Oh, okay.

So you want to be adopted. Your name is max. Who named you?

Who have to be adopted?

Um, uh, um, uh, a woman named Susan who lives in Phoenix, Arizona. Um, she is um, a breeder Um, and she uh, that's what she named me. And why does why is Susan getting Not getting rid of you but putting you up for adoption?

Well, she put me up for adoption. Um, um, um, nobody, um, bought me They bought all my brothers and sisters. Um, she says I'm naughty. Um, so, so you're naughty by nature or nurture? Uh, I'm, I'm naughty I think by nurture by no. Oh, so you were raised to be naughty by Susan? Um, I think I just, uh, uh, came that way because everybody else got adopted. Um, and so, um, um, um, um, so now I'm trying to be naughty because I was nice and Now I'm not, you know, let me give this straight. So you were nice. Yes, a good You were a good dog. Yes. I didn't get adopted, but all your brothers and sisters got adopted. Yes So now you're trying because you think maybe the uh, that uh, we love bad boys. Yeah, um, um, we'll bad boy You're a bad boy. Okay. Um, so you're a naughty dog. Yeah, I um, I got your phone earlier and I um, texted all your exes No Yeah, okay. This is not typical bad dog behavior. Oh, I'm a bad dog. Are you not? Are you shitting on?

Uh, no, I'm not gross. I'm not a gross dog. I'm a bad dog.

You're not disgusting. You're just I'm not yeah, I'm not disgusting. I don't need to let my crotch. Yeah, um, yeah, I guess um, just a little naughty things Like um, I invited you in, um, neighbors over for dinner Oh, I don't have any food in the refrigerator. What you don't have any food in the refrigerator?

Nothing That's sad I just have baking soda Oh, wow. What's it? What's its purpose if the dog food fridge? I don't know Yeah, oh, this is a disaster. What are they coming over? Um, the invite says, um, you put out a whole invite?

Yeah, this is like a paperless post. Yeah, um, I got um, you hacked into my paperless post account I hacked into your paperless post account. It's cost money.

Yeah, I know and I upgraded you to No, paperless post from? Yes, truth of me. Yes To repeat. Um, and so um, it's supposed to happen Tonight starting at 12 a.m. 12 a.m. This is a terrible time for dinner I know but I said you must has anyone RSVP Everybody But yes or no, yes, oh they've all because I said you must come. Yes. Oh my god I'm not gonna be able to make it just do it be clear You're in court. I'm in court Why aren't you in school today? By the way, it's it's a school day as we've established it's a court day Which can only be during the week. I've had enough Okay, you're not going to school anymore. I don't want to hear what mrs. Bunka has to say I don't care about my fifth grade teacher. Yeah, I'm not doing any social studies. I don't care About imperialism. Wow. What are they teaching CRT? What never mind Well, I I mean you seem like I mean you're a naughty dog definitely but But I mean it seems like that's that's you also seem very nervous. I mean, uh, I'm very excited Are you excited and a little nervous? I'm being bad snooted me. So it um it makes me a little nervous But whatever really gets me at home and some maybe belly scratches and um, uh, uh, uh, you ever had a belly scratch?

Uh before Susan doesn't even do that. What does Susan? I mean, what is her deal? Is she run a kill shelter? What is She does run a kill shelter. Uh, like I said, she's a breeder and she runs a kill shelter So sometimes it's just a straight pipeline from um, really Right from the vagina to the to the gas chamber. Yeah, right from the journey to the gas How they kill the dogs and And kill so don't know Scott. Do you know what these things are? We kill shelters. Yeah, I mean I've heard of them I don't want ever was see I'm good metal band name. It's a good metal band name It's almost an oxymoron kill shelter. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, that's true Yeah, I think a shelter is a safe place and and kill is obviously not safe. Yeah. Oh, dude Do you know about oxymorons? Robbie? Yeah, yeah, I'll tell you what I think uh dean oxen is an oxymoron Hey, you know, it was a real oxymoron rush limbaugh.

Remember that guy?

Oh wow, he was addicted oxy and he was a boar Now he's an L Oh wow, see moron from hell Oh, rajolas would be bad Um so you so you have no idea when you're but I mean time must be running out Yes time is I can't stress this enough time is running out.

I would love to be uh adopted Um, I'm a little naughty boy little scamp. Maybe um your into that. Um Right. Yeah, I mean chicks love the bad boys. Oh, that's very true Now hold on a second. Does your knowledge this extend to destroy household property?

I would never I don't choose slippers. Um, I don't you want things. I'm not supposed to Oh, never are you sure you're not lying? I'm sure not lying and I've never done it before. Okay. Sorry. I'm I would try my questions. Yeah, um So you're not in this is more just things that are Yeah, I made all your when I was waiting. Um, I made all your toilet papers Spicy. Oh, oh, I'd rather you chew on the remote Can we go back to it? No Those are dog those are regular dog things. This is how did you look?

It is very special if I use that toilet paper. I'm gonna have uh, like a fab roe chef kind of situation where I say Oh my butt is on fire and that sounds fun, right?

That's that keeps you on your toes. Hey, and you know a lot of people got dogs because of what we um Going through and I I feel like I'm keeping life interesting, you know, it's like what am I what am I maybe we're gonna wake up to?

I guess but I don't know that I want to be always on defense when I'm at home. Mm. Okay, you know, I mean, uh, usually home is where I relax where uh, You're on offense. I'm home. You're on offense. Yeah. Yeah.

You like to attack. Yeah You like to get out there?

I'm on yeah Is co-op still single?

No, we wish ever single. No, I mean, I'm at mary. I bet that wish for like a good I mean, I'm gonna be single soon. I'm just okay. No, she's off limits. Okay. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry There's no one here in the backyard for you. That's all right. I respect it, but if she comes down to your nose.

She is she's uh, Otherwise engaged understood understood. Oh, she's just engaged. No, no. Oh, I guess I love I love cool up I would be I would be such a good boy for cool up. Well, we already have two I know two dogs. Yeah I don't know that we're taking on any more clients Okay, well, maybe a trial situation or oh no, that's what uh, Robbie's going through unfortunately. Don't remind me Uh, Robbie, do you have any um, uh, pet? Yeah, I mean pet Robbie. Yeah, Robbie any best friends you you need Yes, I have a dog. You have a dog. His name is backster. I love him He sleeps with me at night, but I'm never home anymore. So now he sleeps with my sister. Oh, no What is everything you say sound like the biggest tragedy.

I know when you're that young. Yeah, but I mean this is In terms of like everything going on in your life, that's not the worst thing by the world is constantly crashing down around me Well, what about alimony Tony? He's about to be divorced and he's gonna be alone for a little bit Do you have room in your harder house or a place that that for a dog? I have plenty of room over my heart Plenty of room over my house, but I'm definitely allergic Not to me not to me. I'm a high-boiled jettick dog. I'm a high-boiled jettick dog. You're one of allergic to yeah I feel my throat closing up as we speak. Are you serious? I'll get shamed Wait I feel like I sound like somebody else. Someone was on the show last week Here let me blow it Thank you. Thank you so much. Oh, you flated my woodpipe.

Thank you. No problem. I'm sorry. Do that for any guy I'm sorry Max. It's a no-for-be dog For this reason he's out My question is you want to know about my Christmas well, um two of my brothers and one of my sisters straight up died Yeah, I guess that is sad that um Maximus is sleeping with your sister haba haba but um That's a way to get him interested in a dog to you. I say his sister is attractive I mean, I'm just I'm just assuming that she's attractive if A dog is sleeping with her haba haba And if she looks anything like you a little bit older I mean the same thing to you that means Just dogs speak for like rough rough. What is that? What am I saying right there? Oh, don't do that Yeah Uh Anyways, my my siblings They They were we were all playing right?

Yeah Yeah, I know that doesn't mean I have to talk about it, but I will Um, we were all playing outside in the uh yard and we were in a little puppy pile We took a nap behind a little car tire. Um, and then Yeah And then uh, susan was um Yeah, and then susan was uh going out and she started a car going out on christmas Yeah, where is she going? Get smokes. Oh, no, no, oh susan Yeah, she ran out of cigars and she said it She had a gap she said she had a gap Uh more Not that she had Or like are we talking like we're talking big billy ones?

Yeah, we're talking chubin So pack a day pack a day. Oh, yeah pack a day Pack a pack of cigars a day pack a pack of cubins and her dealer could only meet her on christmas um So she she started the car Um, and we scrambled out of weight because we heard it Um, but uh didn't but scrambling out of the way Um, they wandered off a little cliff and they Oh, no, yeah, so they didn't get run over they just wandered I don't know if a clip Yeah, they got started and then he wandered off the cliff and they were fine Um, they were fine when they fell off the cliff How did they die?

They just, they just tumbled I'm kidding. I'm kidding to them. Are you calling this a car accident?

Are you no? Oh, okay. Why would I call it a car?

Get to the death please Why?

That is not our trial here by the way Yeah, I just want to know it feels like to be on the other side for a moment Watch yourself counselor Um, um, uh, a pack of wolves caught in the nose Oh, no Yeah, got picked them up in their little mouth But they thought that they were their own puppies So they were fine Oh, so they raised them Yeah, they raised them As wolves and then they killed them Oh, no, why did they kill them? You know, they raised them first and then they killed them Yeah, only for a couple weeks Yeah, I don't know we lost suddenly They suddenly admit they were dogs and they felt so betrayed that they were like I guess I don't know we lost We lost touch after after they fell off the cliff because I Wait, wait, wait, wait The back they might still be alive Oh, wow We don't read their names in the bits at the end of the show Oh, yeah, Matt Listen to the obituaries at the end Okay, okay, those names aren't in there. What were their names again?

Um, um, as far as far as I know Dottie Shelby and Jacob Okay, Dottie Shelby and Jacob I'm looking at the abits All right, uh, I was a little- So you know already I know already, yeah You're gonna want to listen to the abits Okay It seems like either way I'd- Yeah, I want it So right, you're right, you're right here Just tell them now Yeah Wait and listen Uh You're heavily implying that they're dead But you're still making it back stick around Stick around for the abits You're like, why do you enjoy these?

I got nowhere to go so I'll stick around Yeah, all right, look We're running out of time Uh, do you want to do your song parody after the plugs or before the plugs?

After the plugs, okay We're running out of time Okay, great We just have time for one final feature on the show And that is, of course, a little something called...

Plug Zaaaaa Open the plug bag Open the plug bag Jeremy Pivvins Plug bag Oh wow It's beautiful Beautiful That was, uh, Anna McAnalyn with Jeremy Pivvins plugs Boy, you know, but do we need to rebrand as the Jeremy Pivvins plugs?

I made me sure I mean, that was- Now that was a parody of...

Jeremy Pivvins to you Jeremy Pivvins to you, yes, an early deep cut on this show Uh, thank you so much Anna for that Please send in your- So she did all the vocals, she- she- she multitracked herself She doesn't credit anyone else on this Oh, what if she- what if she didn't do the ball, she's just being a jerk Yeah Who knows? Although Anna and McAnalyn could be two totally different names True Doesn't have to be a first name and a surname Still one person not getting credit Yeah, that's true Uh, all right guys, what do we plug in? Alamo Nietoni, you want to plug anything here?

Yeah, I'd like to plug, uh, you know, I like to watch shows online You like to watch?

That I can't be- I like to watch I like to watch shows online that I can't see in person And that I watch these shows on Vimeo, it's called Veriotopia That's hosted by the Sky Polyve tokens Oh, he's married to the, uh, person that, uh, I was talking about earlier That guy?

Yeah That's- But that is to me, but okay That he's married to Jamie?

Yes I- It doesn't make any logical sense Doesn't make any sense to me at all But yeah, I mean- I don't know how we pull that off It happened But what he does- This is the alternate earth where it happened What he does- Alternate earth where it happened?

Hamilton But also- See my songwriting is devolved into Just you saying something And then I take an existing song I say the phrase you just said, but the rest of the actual lyrics Okay, so- Okay, so Vimeo, uh, and this guy's, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, shows It has a variety- It's variety show Vimeo and this guy's shows He puts his variety shows on Vimeo Say, I feel like you're interfering with the plug that I just really want to get out there You want to get it out?

Yes Uh, so he puts these variety shows on Vimeo And you can find them at, uh, bitly, uh, you know, the- B-I-T dot L-Y- slash P-F-T dash V-O-D Interesting And you see these wonderful variety shows- B-I-T P-F-T V-O-D This is what it means to me V-O-D This is what it means to me Okay And you can see, uh, you can see these- these wonderful variety shows, uh, online You can buy them, they're up there for- for purchase Whoa, how many does he have up there?

Uh, right now I think there's four up there plus two, uh, uh, uh, improvisation shows Whoa Called Spontuoco Okay, fantastic, uh, Robbie, what do you want to plug?

Uh, let's see, first off, I want to plug- First off, you have more than one thing?

Is that allowed? Because I have another thing Oh yeah, go ahead, do your other thing Also, Veriotopia is happening live, I'm hoping to see this March 6th There's- You want to be there in person?

Yes, there's a- Yes, there's an early bird show at 5.30 pm on a Sunday That's Denny's Exactly, here's the thing, you go see a fun show Then you go home for dinner At that point, maybe you go out for dinner Yeah, okay What an evening Wow, and that's March, uh, when?

Madness March 6th, Sunday, March 6th Sunday 5.30 pm, tickets are on sale now P-F-T P-F-T dot com slash live So email that website P-F-T PaulFTomkins dot com slash live PaulFTomkins dot com slash live Now it's for the live show in Los Angeles Alright, great Jesus Christ Is good?

No, that's what I meant He made it all possible Alright, uh, Robbie, what do you want to play?

Okay, first off Oh jeez, back to first off I want to promote my innocence And second off, I'm selling a Yana Santa da Kumbo rookie card Because let me tell you what, lawyer fees are not cheap Wait, but you're- You're just paying yourself Yeah, but I gotta eat lunch every day I gotta eat that over there by the courthouse And the food there is expensive Oh no, okay that's true Why is the courthouse food so expensive?

It's unbelievable Max, what do you want to plug?

Um, just me Um, yeah Just, um, please, um Just figure out how to, uh, adopt me Uh, would be, uh, great That's all Okay, uh, I want to plug, uh, hey CBBWorld.com Uh, we have some great shows over there Uh, we...

We have that Randy Snut Show that just was on Uh, we did the aforementioned Flash dance episode with Janie Hadad Tompkins Uh, and we have something, uh, some cool stuff coming out this week So, uh, check that out, all right I'm interested You're interested?

Yes I am Okay All right, let's close up the old plug bag Take one hand, put it up Don't do it, take it, take it, yeah Yeah, yeah Ha ha ha ha ha ha Black!

I'm gonna grab my cupboard and switch over to the bottom of the wall.

Alright guys, that was by the way, thank you, that was the Victor Man slaughter.

Don't close the plug bag. Thank you for that remix. Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Robbie, thank you, good luck to you.

Thank you, thanks for having me on here.

Will you come back and update us about what happens with the trial?

I mean, you can't come back from prison, obviously, but...

Right, I can't come back from prison that they let me know that several times, unless I make a daring escape.

So you're already, you've moved on mentally to escaping for prison.

I got a bunch of bed sheets already.

You're not allowed to bring your own bed sheets and what?

But my skin.

Max, good luck to you.

I mean, this may be the last time we ever speak, but stick around for the bits.

I know, I'm so excited and nervous.

Excited and nervous for the bits or for life.

Yeah, for life and then too bits.

And maybe we'll be talking about you next week on the show.

Oh, wow.

And Alamo Nittoni, it's that time, is it not?

Oh, isn't that time, do we close up the plug bag?

We've closed up the plug bag, yes.

Was there a song?

There was, we just heard it.

Oh, okay, I was lost a song.

Yeah, but speaking about the...

The song, Susan.

Oh, yes.

So this is the aforementioned parody of the Star Spangled Matter called A Bar Mangled Matter.

A Bar Mangled Matter.

And it's about some Americans that built a bar inside Downton Abbey and they wrecked the place.

Okay.

Oh, Lady Mary, did you party last night?

Did you do some fat rails while O'Brien was cleaning?

Seems the Yanks built a bar out of Lord Grand Thumb's sight.

There was Rome, there was Scotch.

Mr. Carson started careening.

Mrs. Hughes drank her share.

Bates let down his slick hair.

Lady Edith got tight.

Mrs. Pat bore God bear.

And the way that that dowager counters did rave.

All through Downton Abbey and all Lady Sibyls grave.

Play ball!

That's right.

Alright, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

And today's comedy bang bang obituaries are Dottie, Shelby and Jacob.

Rest in peace.
