♪♪♪ And Apple a day would make Gwyneth an Octomom in a Beetle Week.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, that's a lot of math in that one.

And Apple a day would make Gwyneth an Octomom in a Beetle Week.

Oh, I get it! Okay, thank you.

Alvaro Mendez.

Alvaro Mendez for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Very exciting week.

I mean, 2022 is treating us super right at this point because we have a very exciting show.

By the way, my name is Scott Ocarman.

Not exciting yet, but wait until you hear what our guests are.

And who they are, and where they are, and how they are, and when they are.

And the time is right now.

They are coming up a little later, though.

So the time is a little later.

A little later we have a new podcast host, and we have a dog breeder.

That sounds like an incredible show.

I'm not sure if our first guest thinks that that sounds good to him.

What do you think, a dog breeder and a new podcast host?

That's always an exciting time in a young person's life.

What's that podcast about?

That's the question.

Well, we don't know.

We'll have to talk to them a little later.

But why don't we get to our first guest?

He is a comedian.

Yeah.

Barely.

Yeah.

He has a special out called Imperfect Messenger, which is on Paramount Plus.

Yes.

Now that is wonderful.

Not everyone in their life gets a full special.

Most people just get an ordinary.

This is my third one too.

So I guess I've done okay with myself.

You've done okay.

You're being humble.

Yeah.

I've done okay.

Yeah, you do all right.

And I've seen the special is great.

We'll talk about it.

But he's also a correspondent for The Daily Show, and amongst several other wonderful acting gigs that he's had, we just saw him on Only Murders in the Building.

That was a fun, cold day.

It was cold and fun.

It was because you were taping in a car, were you not?

We'll talk about it after I introduce you.

We'll talk about it after introducing you.

He's from New York City.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, Roy Wood Jr.

Hello.

Yeah.

Living in New York the last eight years, but I will be buried in Alabama.

You will.

Okay.

That's where you were mainly raised.

Yeah.

I only add that because I know a real New Yorker will hear me talk for the rest of this program and they will go, that is not a fucking New York accent.

Try a New York accent though, if you could.

You're almost good, no doubt, son.

I feel like you're doing a specific person.

Yeah.

It's just, it's a thing.

That's some Tracy Morgan.

Oh, okay.

That's what he's getting pregnant.

That is his erosatz catchphrase.

Is it not somebody's getting pregnant?

He said it so many times.

Well, he's had kids in, so he was not threatening.

He was telling the truth.

He was a guarantee.

Roy, thank you so much for being a big fan of yours, because I really love this special imperfect messenger.

I watched it earlier today.

It is approximately 65 minutes of hilarity.

Can we agree on that much?

Yeah.

If you count the little intro outro shit with the boy.

That was very touching.

I enjoyed the intro outro shit with the boy.

Yeah.

My son, why not give him an IMDB credit?

Yeah.

He finally, I love it.

Man, my first IMDB credit, I was so excited.

I ran around the house.

I'm on IMDB!

My star meter is finally activated.

I have, it's one of those battles I can't fight until I leave the Viacom Empire Comedy Central as a Viacom multimedia part of the CBS.

CBS Family, yes.

But BTS, comic view, never put comedians on IMDB.

They never listed our credits.

And I don't know if it was because it was a non-union show or whatever, but that was the one thing.

And there was this one lady, God bless her.

And I cannot remember her name.

But there was this one white lady, like a sweet old white lady who would watch BTS comic view and then would just add you to IMDB.

Oh, how nice.

I don't even know how you get the access to it.

I just want you to know that nobody did it, but I did it because I love comedy.

Did she reach out to you guys?

Yeah, she would.

And this is like, oh, too.

How are you finding my email?

Yeah.

That's a great point.

You have to go to my website.

Oh, okay.

Remember that?

Remember going to somebody's website?

And then the comedians would suddenly say, I have a website.

And then within like two months, it seemed like they were instantly out of date and no one needed them anymore.

The best is visiting websites of comedians now who clearly haven't updated their website.

In eight years.

And it's like, hey, everybody, I'm excited to do two or eight.

Yeah, I'm opening for President Obama.

I think chorus bond isn't really what.

I saw him on tour.

He was amazing.

Yeah.

He closed with a full 15 minutes of just soul covers.

It was incredible.

It was me and Mrs. Jones.

He was incredible.

It's unfair.

A lot of people never got to see him live.

Nah, not good.

Roy, let's talk about the special.

It's out right now.

It's the culmination of, I would imagine, a few years work for you out there on the road.

Honing crafting.

About 20 minutes of it was written before the pandemic.

The rest of it.

During the pandemic.

Team after the COVID shut down.

Really?

Which 20?

Can you separate?

Do you know which 20?

The police material.

The police reform material I was already working on.

And I was a little bit of that in there.

The Leonardo DiCaprio stuff.

Leo was written after COVID.

After.

The civil rights stuff about civil rights movies that thought that plant had already been, that was already kind of germinating or whatever.

But everything else was just, what are people talking about now?

I just got scared about, I'm trying to think of the respectful way to say this.

I did not want to have a special that felt like it was written before the moment that we're in now.

Right.

Because you knew it would be premiering in the middle of the pandemic and you wanted it to seem like it.

And it was taped.

Yeah.

It was taped sort of.

We did a two week turn.

Right.

We taped that bitch and two weeks later it was on TV.

You call your special.

Yeah.

You're a bad bitch.

As a compliment.

I'm going to start calling these episodes.

That bitch for me.

Yes.

How do you enjoy yourself on this bitch?

Because I wanted something that just reflected what was going on now and what people are going through and talking about and feeling now.

Right.

Versus, Hey, what's that joke from 2018 that I didn't put in my last hour?

I wonder if that one over, yeah, it's a solid bit.

Food trucks are fun, but too many food trucks in one place is depressing because you know one of them is not going to sell anything.

That's a solid bit.

I expand this.

I'm begging you because I think- Who went to a fucking food truck in the last two years?

Still it is speaking about- So then the way you tweak it is that food truck or is that called it COVID box?

Yes.

Please give me food from that place where there's low ceilings and no one is six feet apart.

So it's like it was too much of working to take a bit from then and how can I fit it?

Right.

How can you fuck that?

So you just wrote all new stuff.

Yeah.

How long did it take you to write the other 45?

Probably was about a year.

So you just working premises on Zoom shows and stuff like that.

Do you Zoom shows?

How awful were those?

Did not enjoy them.

Yeah.

Did not enjoy them.

You know, New York had the rooftops.

I think y'all were doing the backyard shows out here in LA at the same time.

So that was- Colin Quinn came on and talked about his show out there on the computer.

Yeah, yeah.

With Marina Franklin and Norden and all of that, Bobby Kelly.

Bonnie.

So I did as many rooftop shows as I could and then I just waited for things to open back up.

So in March at the top of 21 as New York City started to open a little bit, I did road dates in the tri-state and then as the vaccine hit, this is all pre-vaccine at this point.

Right.

And so then, well, I got the vaccine on the hookup.

I knew a guy.

Really?

How early did you get it?

I got that shit.

Like, man, I got that bitch around the Super Bowl.

The Super Bowl?

I got my March first.

Yeah, man.

I was like online just looking for a date to open up.

March first off, I got it.

My wife didn't even get it until April.

Well, New York, they had a pretty decent rollout plan in New York.

And so I got the vaccine and so that gave me a little more confidence to go further south and further west and all of that.

And so I just made the decision that and then when Chappelle dropped 846, it changed that altered my brain on the whole thing.

And then I took my brain on, oh, we don't have to let this shit cook for a year and a half.

Just the immediacy of how soon he was.

That's where we are.

The new cycle ain't 24 hours anymore.

So the joke cycle can be a little faster if you want it to be.

And that's not a knock on comment.

Like, honestly, the average post-production time on a special has gone down a lot.

Like, I know my first two, it was probably a four or five month marinate, like after we shot and then they sit and then they edit and color correct.

And then they decide what the marketing plan and what are we going to do.

It seems like it's not good for comedy to overthink it like that.

Like, comedy is always best just like going out there, being silly and then like, it's a femoral.

But it's not even viewed like that.

It's not even viewed as his own thing.

Our most streaming site stand up is listed as a TV show, episode one.

Right.

Of one.

Yeah.

It's like, that's not even what like you don't even- If there's not even a special section for you.

Correct.

You haven't even created something within your fucking ones and zeros to properly label this product.

Right.

So you don't give a fuck.

So, yeah, that's fine.

So when Chappelle did that quick turn, I was like, well, I can do one too.

And like a lot of comics this year, their turn was maybe two months, which is still pretty fucking good.

Two months is not bad.

I mean, for post-production.

That's not the norm.

Yeah, no, exactly.

Nobody was doing a two month turn.

Right.

So I was saying, you know, I wanted to do that bitch live.

Yeah.

No, that is that I used to love specials like that where it would just be like George Carlin did some, I remember.

Sinbad did a fucking live prime time network stand up special.

That's insane.

Insane.

When you think of the way people think about comedians now, Sinbad literally was like, Hey, ABC eight o'clock week night, me jokes.

No censorship.

No, I sure.

And then when yeah, I mean, that's just how big sin does.

Yeah.

And is you can't do five minutes in late night.

No, but Sinbad got a full hour.

He's trustworthy.

He's got a trustworthy face.

Yeah.

No one's trusted me.

Google someone my old.

You're a C Joe Piss close live special.

For UCLA on Halloween night.

You got to check it out.

It's horrible.

He and he's doing all the characters.

He's switching outfits.

And so he was like, what do I do while I'm changing clothes?

I know I'll get college students to do sketches that they wrote that.

Oh, no.

It's like it's like a high school talent show mixed with Joe Piscopo in character.

It's really it's really fucking wild.

Right.

So yeah, man, I just wanted to do something that was more on point with where we are now.

And I felt like I accomplished that.

Well, it's a great special.

I really enjoyed it.

The Leo DiCaprio bit I mentioned before reminded me sort of of a daily show.

Like I felt like it could have been a correspondent piece in a way if you had done it.

Yeah.

Do you ever think about like, Oh, should this be a daily show piece or should this be a standup piece or?

It took me a while to figure out the difference in that first special.

There were sometimes joke premises that I would go, Nah, let's do this on the show.

This is a more easier explored idea.

Like perfect example within this special, I talk about the beef between.

It's not beef.

I don't like that word, but when black, British actors are cast to portray African Americans in American film, right?

That is an issue of contention for some African Americans because you you that you don't think they properly know about what they're portraying.

Because you're not of my culture.

I don't trust you to embody my culture on camera even though it's all make believe into whatever.

So that's the subject matter you deal with it.

That is the subject matter.

You explore it in a very correct way.

So that's the driest way you can put it without spoiling the joke.

That's the preamble.

Right.

Let's go off into crazy land based on that based on that real life truth.

The daily show version of that is to sit with a black brick, sit with a black American actor and discuss it and have opinions and political analysis and film critics and scholars and all of that shit.

The joke joke that I would do on the show is let's research the history of black oppression across the globe and figure out why we don't know each other's history, which then ties into critical race theory, which then ties into the banning of books and all of this other fuckery that's going on right now.

And that is something that a daily show feel piece will never have the real estate for because I only got four and a half minutes.

Right.

So I'm not going to burn that premise.

A great premise that could be explored the way that you explored the way I want to explore this is way deeper than what we would do on the show.

And I don't ever want to do something.

I don't want to borrow Nibble something from the show and then roll that over into my standup.

It's just no the way that I want to go into this topic, this show is not the right medium for it.

My show is the right medium.

Right.

And so I'm not going to pitch the black Brit.

You know, that's just not what I'm going to do.

Has the show ever seen you do stand up and then said like, why didn't you use that on the show?

That wasn't so good.

Or are they not even watching?

No, but there is a character that I do that started off the show that is now a mainstay on the show and now people only know him from the Daily Show, which is wild.

So when I did I did morning radio for 10 years in Birmingham and you know, you make the fake commercial, you know.

So goofy shitty salesman type guy.

This show started on the radio.

So it's all it's a it's a it's a it's a grifter ass used car salesman guy named Leo Devlin who will just sell you anything.

Anything you need, Leo's got it for sale.

Come on down to Leo Devlin or whatever.

And so to promote my first stand up special, I did fake commercials.

I had a premise about about, you know, white people aren't going to let black people go to Mars with him.

You know, that's the loose print, which I still believe.

I mean, look who's gone up just in the past.

Rich Nick, a couple of months.

Oh, William Shatner and Rich Nick.

Yeah, nobody invited Sam Jackson.

Like there's been no black and white.

I have anyone Samuel O Jackson.

Yes.

He's been up there in fake space for like his entire career.

Is that all the Dave has gotten an invite?

No, even our best blacks.

They're like, yeah, even the most black excellence.

Yeah, give me, give me Shatner.

Shatner, I'm not going to Shatner.

He's canon, but still.

I get it for the.

Eight seats on that fucking ship.

I have one.

So the theory is that the base, the origin of the character is that if white people are going to space, they're going to need people to do work for them.

So you're going to need to learn how to be an astronaut.

And NASA, and I learned this, and this is where the Daily Show Research Brain comes in.

NASA really only hires like about seven or eight astronauts a year.

Like you don't, astronaut is an odd job that you get, and then you just wait your turn to do the job.

So I'll give you a yearly salary, or do they pay you by trip?

That's a good question.

I want to know this.

That's a good question, bro.

You know what I mean?

But there haven't been like a lot of astronauts, not like airline pilot, where anyone can do it.

And if you don't, if you don't go to the moon one year, they're like, you didn't go to the moon, we got a fire.

You just didn't get chosen.

It's like in soccer.

Those motherfuckers on the sidelines wearing the different jersey.

They don't get to play.

Yeah.

But you are capable.

You are hired to do soccer.

I guess they're on the team technically.

They get a ring if they went, you know, but still.

So NASA is too expensive.

And you know the education age gap.

So I have this character Leo Devlin create a space college for black people.

And it's $80 for a six week course.

So you can be trained in how to do space shit.

That's literally what I say.

And so I run that to support my special.

And I did that with CC Digital.

It was just a little side project.

And someone in the building was like, you know, you could have done that.

It's very funny.

And it speaks to this.

And we could have tied it to this story, this story, this story.

Oh, okay.

Well, you want to do it on the show?

And you're like, yeah, let's do it on the show.

And that was really the beginning of that character.

And now like here we are like almost six years later.

And that's like a running.

It's one of the longest running bits on the daily show under Trevor.

And I got to give Trevor credit because under John Stewart, they didn't do shit like that.

So Trevor was thinking about the show differently creatively.

So I never thought to pitch a black people space college.

Were you on with John as well?

No, no, I came in with Trevor.

Okay.

But I was using like everybody else in the building.

I was using what John did as the creative template.

The template, right.

What to pitch.

Right.

And Trevor was like, nah, let's do all types of what the show wasn't even on social media for real for real.

When Trevor came over.

Trevor was like, no, we got to create a whole digital department.

So he's done with the Twitter account.

They got an Emmy.

They expansion the, I don't know if they didn't have a Twitter, but I'm saying as far as the, you know, John Stewart's level.

You go to John Stewart's Twitter until he gives a fuck.

Just do it.

I'll take it to his face.

He doesn't give a shit.

But Trevor embraced it.

So he also embraced different creative vehicles for how to deliver, how to make a point.

Because ultimately that's all that sketch was about is that there is still going to be a degree of racial exclusion when it comes to commercialized space travel.

Full stop.

So the work around is a shady used car salesman.

$49 for a six week course.

Next door to a little Caesar's.

We'll teach you all the tools you need to learn some space shit to get up there and get that job.

Fantastic.

I, you know, I would say come and do that character on this show, but we don't have characters on the show.

We just do, we talked to, we talked to interesting people, but we, we talked to real people.

I did want to ask you about, you mentioned this in the special and I've seen it in your biography that, you know, you've done prank phone calls over your career.

But then you mentioned it on the special that you would, you would do them and sell them at a store.

Is that what it was that he would take you 18 dollars?

Exactly.

Yeah.

How does that work?

Consignment.

So consignment is where you front the record store, your product and you agree on a split.

I see.

Okay.

So these were, these were calls that you recorded yourself in like a seed.

Correct.

Yeah.

Great.

Okay.

So then I would print the labels.

I had me a HP 5550 printer and I would go to Staples and I would get the fucking Roxio easy CD creator software and then I would get the Roxio labels and I would print them bitches.

When you put the, when you put the label on the CD though, it, it heats up and it, it destroys the CD.

No, no, this is paper.

I couldn't afford it.

Okay.

You talk.

Talking, printing paper labels and then laying the label perfectly and they had like little CD stampers.

You put a little label and stamp it down that I was like literally pressing.

What were some of the, what were some of the calls that you did?

Like you, you would just call it random businesses and stuff like that.

Yeah.

So in the mornings we, for the most part, we had listeners like 95, seven jams in Birmingham is interesting.

It's a very unique urban station in that comedian Ricky Smiley, that was his, that was his show before I came in behind him before Ricky became syndicated and took over for Tom Joiner.

Ricky would do pranks and at first it was calling random places just fucking off, but then listeners would call in and go, Hey, I want you to call my aunt.

Oh, okay.

Here's what they're going through.

So and set them up.

Yeah.

And so that tradition was started under Ricky.

I got passed to baton in 01.

So essentially it's all incoming.

It's not, it was not at all like crank tankers where we, you could call a business, but that was a slow day where you had no good emails.

Right.

You'd call it, Hey, I need to call that I recall like a laundry mat and asked them to let me put chickens in the dryer to cook them.

Because dryers get really hot.

You know, how often would they say yes and be like, yeah.

All right.

Occasionally, occasionally I'd call hotels when I figured out on the road that if you, I knew how to certain hotels, you know how to call directly to the room because you know the prefix codes.

Right.

So you can circumvent the front desk.

So I would just call people in whatever hotel I was in the week before on the road, I would call back to that hotel and pretend to be the guy next to doing acid, like a bar or condom, like just weird shit.

But the best pranks and the stuff that was the most fiery, and I say the stuff that I'm most known for in that world is just calling people that it was personal where I knew about your life.

I knew what you were going through.

And we called a lady.

We told her we were going to cut her Social Security check.

This is 05.

We told her we were going to cut her Social Security check to help Hurricane Katrina victims.

And she just fucking knew off.

And this is, this was right in that pocket of where Katrina refugees were going around the South and it was almost like this smaller immigration argument.

All these people coming from New Orleans, taking jobs everywhere and there ain't no money for us.

And that's it.

So there was a weird beef in some cities between locals and Katrina refugees, which is wild to think of now, but it perfectly hit on that.

You know, we would call people man.

I, I called a guy.

This one, it got ran up on me in Cleveland after the show that that was kind of, that was the down, that was kind of when I stopped doing pranks was when I started realizing, okay, this is because like when you're calling people locally in Birmingham, it's known.

It's, it's almost an honor in a way.

Right.

Because once they find out that it's you from the, from the local radio, from the heralded radio station, but when it's a radio station, they never heard of it.

Someone bothering them.

So YouTube pops, I start putting my shit on YouTube.

I start getting emails from people out of town.

So then I'm calling people from out of town because I can't, it's harder to prank locally because everybody knows my voice by now because I've taken all these pranks.

I burned them in the CDs, I put them in all of the local.

How often was it where they would go?

Is this right?

Yeah.

Like it started, it would get to a point where like two out of every three or four attempts was a bust and like that's stressful in the middle of the morning.

So I got to call them out of town.

It's because they don't know who I am, but because they don't know who I am, they don't give a fuck who you are on the end of the call.

And there was a guy whose son got suspended for playing with himself.

I'm trying to say this as politely as possible.

He was like a third, fourth grade.

He's at the touch your dick phase.

He's at the phase we all are.

And he wasn't jacking off as much as he was just adjusting his nuts.

Sure.

Yeah.

But constantly adjusting his nuts.

I call this child's father and accuse his child of teaching my child how to jack off and clap.

Oh, no.

It's quality argument, quality back and forth.

And this gentleman proceeds to go meet me at the school mother fucker.

I'm on the way and he hung up and he drove to the school and we get his wife on the phone and like he's literally at the school and we finally tell him, Hey man, is it his wife had set him up or yeah, his wife gave me all this information.

Three months later, I'm in Cleveland performing at the improv and this mother fucker comes up to me at the merch table and he grabs me like by the hand just this just so you know.

If I wanted to touch your ass, I could touch you.

Oh God.

I don't say okay.

That wasn't funny to him.

Like he didn't like that.

I mean, he did drive all the way to the school.

You know, I just, you know, I don't know man.

It was just as I started getting older what I started realizing is that prank calls.

That's a young man's game.

There's a certain level of I can't imagine doing one right now.

Somebody was like asking me if you ask me on Twitter like once or twice a year, man, I love your pranks.

We used to live in one of your doing another album.

I'm 43 dog.

And that shit that I was doing when I was 22 and I was hungry and I was working at a radio station that wouldn't make me full time and I was trying to prove my worth.

So I'm literally going to say the most reckless thing I can think of.

Fuck your kids.

Fuck your job.

Like you start learning specifically how to it's an interesting dissection of like the human condition and how you can attack someone's ego.

Just find out whatever they hold, whatever they cherish and insult it.

You're making me want to do one right now.

Do you want to do one?

Do you want to do a prank?

Go right now.

If you got somebody you want me to call here, let's call.

Let's call.

It's so much harder to do though because you can't block anybody.

You can't block your number.

Okay.

We got someone on the line here.

Who do we got?

Hello.

Hey, good morning.

Hi, who is this?

Hello, this is Leo Deblin.

I'm calling you to let you know that you have won a gift certificate to my space academy camp and barbershop institution.

Oh my God.

It's such an exciting opportunity.

Thank you.

Make your social security number.

Please your wife, Jackie, called us and said that you.

Would be able to help fund a little bit of the space camping college institution.

Hey, man.

Jackie, Jackie, did you call somebody?

Jackie?

Sorry.

Did you get someone by information?

Jackie.

Hello.

Hey, it was going on, baby Leo Deblin.

Leo?

Yes.

From the black people space college and barbershop institution in college.

Oh, here I told you not to call me at home.

Yes.

Well, I was just trying to talk to this gentleman.

Hi, I'm fifth down.

We can talk about this.

What's going on?

We can talk about it later.

We can't even go to space.

Hold on.

We're not having sex in that.

Is that my son?

Are you having sex with my wife?

Is your son?

What the hell is going on?

Yes, I still need you so secured in that.

Yeah, you're looking at that for you real quick.

Oh my God, that was so stressful.

I can see why.

Oh my God.

Wow.

Right, you are a great stand up comedian, a fascinating person.

Imperfect messenger is on Paramount+.

It's a great way to spend 65 minutes of your life at the end of your life.

It may be something when your life flashes before your eyes.

You may go like, that was a good 65 that I spent watching that.

Hopefully, hopefully that is something that when people die, they see right before they die.

I don't know if your life flashes before your eyes.

I don't want to see my stand up.

You don't want to see your stand up.

But I want to see it.

Somebody said, would that suck if someone else is life-flash before your eyes?

That's kind of a bummer.

Well, imperfect messenger is out there right now.

We need to take a break.

You can stick around.

Yes, definitely do.

Roy Wood Jr. is here.

We'll be right back.

We have a new podcast host and a dog breeder.

Love it.

Pat Show.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we have Roy Wood Jr. here.

Perfect messenger is out on Paramount Plus.

It's a great stand up special.

The Daily Show, you got any spoilers for the Daily Show coming up?

No.

Like what's coming up in the news?

It's midterms.

This year's midterms.

Rose 2022.

Okay, I guess it'll be in the news.

It's time to go to war.

Yes.

Finally.

Are you ready to fight for the future of the nation no matter what?

And we're going to do it again in two more years.

What are you doing here?

You're pressing up.

Go wrestling promo.

It's going down.

Define for democracy.

How does it exist wrestling?

Isn't it?

K-Famey?

What are they called?

What is that term?

I don't know.

I don't have what's wrestling in the longest time.

It's almost like with it.

Excuse me.

Hi.

Hello.

Hi.

Are you Scott Ockerman?

Yeah, of course.

I mean obviously you recognize me.

Yeah.

Hello.

How you doing?

I'm Ron Snapper.

Nice to see you.

Hi Ron.

Hi Roy Wood Jr.

Hello.

Nice to meet you Ron Snapper.

How are you?

I'm not surprised that you know who we are.

Well people in our field.

Of course anyone would recognize you fellas.

Okay you guys are top dogs.

All right.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate it.

Anyway we are doing a show so if you could get here I'm actually here to ambush you Scott.

You've been ambushed.

What?

I am the host of a show called Podcast Rescue.

I don't know if you're familiar with podcast rescue.

I come in.

People let me know about podcasts that they think are terrible.

That they think are of a low quality.

And Roy did you wrap me out?

I mean I've always been a fan of what you did.

I didn't know you needed rescuing.

Roy gave me a call.

Roy said I'm booked on this podcast next week.

I can't.

You did it all the way last week.

You knew it was going to be bad then.

I'm sorry man.

I'm just right.

Roy had listened to some back episodes.

He said this podcast is a true stinker.

You're listening to the archive.

Okay I understand.

Yeah the ones behind the page.

Well I understand.

The first few years were rough.

You listened to one from 09 he said I don't know.

No you didn't listen to the 09 ones did you?

Yeah Reggie Watts era.

Yeah.

So listen he and many many other of your past guests called to say this podcast is going down to preparing the lead.

First you said one person now you're saying many many.

Well Roy started it.

And then I said that I said hmm let me open the phone lines and then everybody.

Wait the phone lines weren't open.

How did he get a hold of you?

Roy sent me a letter.

Yeah.

Full on letter a week ago.

Yeah you know no snapper man snapper got my homeboy podcast on track.

Just let it happen.

Oh okay okay what do I mean I'm sorry I mean I know yes everything's been sort of.

It's 2022 and you know everything.

I'm sick of your excuses Scott.

What all I said was it's 2022 2022 we should be hosting great podcasts not dying like a dog out here.

I know I know.

I mean who are your guests coming on you've got a dog breeder and another podcast host.

Why are you cross promoting?

But a kono brine gets all the good guests.

Oh all I hear is poor me.

Okay yes poor me.

I used to have huge stars on the show Paul Rudd he's Ant-Man you know.

I don't give a goddamn who he is.

Why isn't he here right now?

Because he's over there doing the kono brine show instead.

Okay don't yell at him Scott.

I'm sorry please don't yell at me yell at me.

I am the yeller okay.

You're the one who yells.

We need to have varying degrees of.

That's right okay.

Maybe we could just take turns.

Yes all right but listen okay I'm here to give you some tough love okay because I had a look at your financials okay you've started this comedy bang bang world.

Okay all right this boondoggle.

How did you get the financials of we could sort of keep those private.

I wrote a letter to your business manager and I just said hello I'm Ron snapper host podcast rescue.

They just gave him up.

They set me full financial profile.

How long until you run out of money Scott?

Honestly like early February by my calculations it could be by the end of this episode.

By the end of this episode you could be financially ruined.

No it's true.

No it's true you are losing $72,000 a minute on hosting the spot guest.

I know I know it's too expensive to do to get Roy here we had to charter that private jet that you asked for and the chef.

You would have told me no though you didn't have to give it.

Why didn't you tell Roy no.

Look at him I want him on the show he's a great guest.

Of course but these guests are manipulating you Scott you're bending to their every whim you're a doormat.

So you're saying I'm paying my guests too much.

You're paying your guests way too much.

I always thought I was.

Performers should not be paid.

That's why I want you to write that down.

That should be your first rule going forward.

That's one of the new things we're going to institute when I rescue your podcast.

When you rescue I thought you were in the process of doing it right now but by the time we're done rescuing the podcast that'll be one thing you do.

I've helped a lot of people.

I helped Dax Shepard and Chris O'Bell I got them together.

You introduce them or introduce them to each other.

I said let's play the long game on this one.

She guys get married start a podcast in about 10 years.

I thought he was the one with a podcast.

That's yeah but she she's part of it too.

She pops in.

So you don't need to introduce them just for him to get a podcast that she pops in.

I needed his life to get to a certain place where he felt comfortable hosting a podcast.

I understand where people are interested in what he was saying if he married Chris and Bells and so.

You think anyone gave a goddamn about what the guy from without a paddle had to say about climate change?

Good point.

No.

He's an old centrist.

Do you think that maybe Scott should go completely off the rails and then just tonally changed a podcast to just what it's like to recover and bounce back from that and what it's like to be at rock bottom.

Yeah.

I mean that's what Dax does.

Is that where you led him or?

Yeah.

I said Dax why don't you bottom out and then talk about that for the next time.

You had him bottom out.

I encourage that Dax I said Dax I know you've been struggling with substance abuse problems.

I'm going to encourage you to go ahead and get as drunk as possible.

I sent him I sent him a letter and a bottle of Grey Goose and I said let's do this.

He's a friend of the show.

I mean when I say that he did episode 13 and never came back.

Okay.

So so a good so a good what kind of friends do you have Scott that they do a show 10 years ago and never come back.

I see him at a restaurant.

He see waves at me like hell he does.

All right.

Maybe not.

Look I think that's exactly right.

I think you need to practice radical honesty Roy was exactly right.

I need you to tell your listeners.

I don't know what the hell I'm doing.

Okay.

And I'm ready to change.

Look I got to admit we're in our 13th year at this point.

Right.

What am I even doing anymore failure.

This is an objective.

I just keep beating my head against the wall and Roy no no disrespect but the show doesn't work anymore.

You've I mean you've seen it up close to this point but you went to television and that's where how many podcasts go to television.

I you know at the time none and now it's every podcast I read the trades and every single podcast that's out there hot new podcast gets turned into a television show.

Are they turning this back into a television show no they better not.

I don't want to see it.

I want to see the original version.

Yeah I did.

I do that I watch every episode every episode every so much.

I've been I have see subscriber.

Okay.

I am C plus A plus I watch old madman episodes.

Okay well I understand that but and sometimes I watch your show and I'm thinking to myself what the hell is going on.

This guy was just coming from a radio podcast format now he's trying to turn it into a some kind of pee wee Herman talk show.

I don't know you know I they say I have a face for podcasting and it didn't really translate.

This is my signature tough love I know it's not.

No I know you're the yelling guy so what do I do though.

What do you do.

Look you got to push all kinds of benchmarks.

Okay.

You need to learn how to host okay.

I do.

You need to learn.

I agree I'm bad at it.

Let me tell you how were my questions right.

I enjoyed them but you could have pushed me.

I could have pushed you did you want me to.

You didn't even ask me emotionally.

No but you didn't even ask me about cancel culture and Chappelle.

What are you doing Scott you're leaving the last little table.

I'm not going to get tanned by lines without asking about cancel culture and Chappelle.

Everyone knows when you have a comedian you asked him.

That's right.

Those are the two topics you talk about.

I remember when I was doing press for the between two ferns movie that's what I was asked about.

What do you think about the cancel culture.

So you left you left that on the table with Roy okay.

I'm you even mentioned him and I didn't even capitalize on it.

You're supposed to bite at a hot button topic.

Okay and furthermore look I think you're I think you're interested your segues are all over the goddamn map.

Okay.

Look if you're taking a cross country trip that's where you want to be.

What kind of not sequitur is that.

We're not staying on topic at all.

You're just trying to get a cheap life line.

Let me hear it.

Did it work?

No.

How many people are taking cross country trips in a regular place.

Listen Roy no one is traveling car.

He's your listenership.

I mean some people listen to it in the car if that's what you're asking me.

Yeah of course.

Of course but not across the whole damn country price of gas these days.

That's a topic you could talk about as well would be Joe Biden raising the price of gas.

I guess when I'm you and I've been all right centrist.

You're an old accent.

You're an all centrist I've been all right.

Centriss but I don't like to get into my politics.

Listen why don't we practice right now.

You got into it.

I don't want to talk about it Scott.

You but I've tried a little bit more.

Well I just you know I believe in small government.

Do you own any tiki torches at all.

Of course I own tiki torches for my tiki themed podcast tiki talk.

Those words are too similar.

Can I podcast rescue your show first of all.

You don't know what the fuck you're talking about Scott rescuing me.

I have you know I'm in the podcast Hall of Fame.

They have a Hall of Fame.

They have a Hall of Fame for contact me.

They did of course they didn't contact your sorry ass.

What are you kidding?

Who do they contact Obama?

Because he was on Baron Obama in spring steamed the contact killer from cereal.

They contacted Adnan.

Yes.

I'm not sayy yeah I knew it.

He's in there.

But Jervais Carl Pilkington okay.

Yeah I would I would contact him.

They were pretty early.

Yes and of course Dax and Kristin his co-host Kristin man.

And of course the orange haired one himself Conan.

Yes.

Nick Cannon too from Wilding Out.

Wait just from Wilding Out.

They got a Wilding Out podcast.

They got a Wild Out podcast.

They just do that.

Wilding Out podcast.

They just do that you know that insult rap part.

They only do that for an hour.

Okay I gotta check that out.

It's good.

Okay I'm sure it is.

Surprisingly good.

It's not going to be.

Now listen.

Let's practice right now.

Why don't you introduce me as a guest.

I'll tell you how your intro is okay.

This guy barged in here.

This guy.

How do you want to be described?

Icon.

This icon.

Icon.

This icon of reality podcast.

I've never seen honest I've never even heard of you.

Although I think I will in the future.

Yes I believe that is.

But okay this guy is in the I said I said it again this guy.

Is this how you would introduce Roy?

I've never heard of this guy but here he is.

I mean I had to heard of him though.

I have never heard of him.

I'm truthful at least.

You have to give me that.

I'm truthful in my comedy.

Well truthful isn't going to keep the lights on in this building.

Okay you have lost $72,000 just in the 20 seconds.

I know.

Yelling at you just now.

I know.

So okay and I've given it to you.

Yes.

And just about when you're looking to rebuild and reconnect with social.

What should Scott's approach be?

That's absolutely a topic.

What should his approach be to social media engagement as the algorithm has changed and things are different and we're starting to get into you know metaverse and VR.

Yeah the metaverse I don't even like.

Because this podcast is you know this is Facebook era.

This podcast started when you know people were on Facebook and then it's segued into Instagram but now it's the metaverse I don't know what to do.

And just like Facebook it's dying like a dog and it was probably responsible for January 6th.

I mean have you even looked at was responsible for January 6th.

This podcast was.

Okay.

Getting very confused.

Now look Roy that was a very thoughtful question.

I'd like to answer it in sort of a slapdash off the cuff not thinking about it too hard way.

Okay.

You should be posting memes.

We call them memes.

Okay.

Yeah.

You should be posting a funny picture of Roy laughing at one of your jokes.

Not that you have one.

It's because he didn't laugh at camera on him the entire time he hasn't laughed at his single thing.

I mean he's stone faced.

He looks like the eagle from the Muppets.

I thought you were talking about one of the Eagles first.

That was done.

He looks like Don Headley over here.

Surprise.

Don Headley.

He goes to the Muppets.

Great episode.

I turned it into a podcast.

I caught Don Headley as a podcast that I helped.

Don Headley has a podcast.

God.

This is the thing.

How am I supposed to compete with all these celebrities doing podcasts these days?

Well you should be doing memes as Roy says.

You know.

You just go back to your earlier thing.

I have to do my God.

I'm allowed to hit the post whatever I want.

Okay.

That's a good point though.

How do you get celebrity guests when celebrities themselves are also a host?

I guess because they want to plug their own podcasts but that's only once.

You think Kona O'Brien has ever come back after he plugs his podcast one time?

No of course not.

He'd be a fool to come back on the show.

I agree.

He was a fool to come once.

Incredibly foolish business.

Surprised he bounced back from that.

I'm honestly surprised.

No listen.

So you want to get a big famous guest on that's what you ask.

Yeah.

I mean look that's what you want more than anything.

Roy you're great but you know.

I know.

I know Kevin Hart.

Yeah exactly.

You know like Kevin Hart or who's another movie star.

I'm trying to think of one.

John Travolta.

Okay sure.

The greatest actor of all time.

John Travolta.

Okay you know how you get those people.

You think John Travolta.

You think John Travolta fan.

Like for going how far back.

How far back?

Yeah.

Svetelger?

No the gaudy movie.

Was that like 20?

That's maybe the most recent movie.

It was great.

Listen if you want bigger celebrity guests you got to cut some of the fat and fire some of your employees.

Okay.

Have you ever heard of that concept of sort of a landmark firing that's where you've picked the worst employee in the building here and you've fired them right now to let everybody know this is serious show.

When?

You said that like it was a secret pick your worst employee and fire.

Isn't that how anyone fires someone pick your worst employee?

I think he means pick the best one.

The best one in front.

Thank you Roy that is what I bet.

Okay.

The best employee you got on staff.

I mean the person who is really hitting the numbers who is making the show perform and who is indispensable.

That's just me.

Fire yourself Scott.

I wish I could.

Me too.

Why are we both yelling?

You're the kind of guy.

Okay.

Let me back off and do my soft serious thing.

Okay.

I'll do it too.

Okay.

Good.

Obviously firing yourself is not an option.

Okay.

I wish it was.

Look the listeners obviously wish that they would love it.

I mean read more at it.

They would love it.

Jason Manzuka steps in here takes over man.

I would everyone would think that would be the golden era of the show.

Well I'm glad you brought him up.

Since you can't fire yourself you got to fire your best guest.

You have to ban Jason Manzuka from Comedy Bang Bang right now on the air.

That's going to be so hard.

I mean he's a personal friend as well.

If you don't ban your personal friend I'm walking out that door.

Okay.

There's the door and I'm walking out of it.

Okay.

I'll be gone.

I don't well.

Thanks for very much creating engagement.

That's exactly right.

Think of the socials when you post that manzuka is his persona non grata out of your wolf.

Alright I'll do it.

I trust you.

You're the host of something.

I can't remember what it was.

I'm impressed.

You've said it to me several times that I see it.

It's very simple.

That seems like a problem that you have.

What are you talking about?

It's a simple show title that is very unique.

Okay.

I'll fire him.

Okay.

Good.

That's a great start.

I'm going to let me shoot off a text message.

I'll turn it into an email since it's a business thing.

I like writing letters.

You know?

But you mentioned them several times.

I go analog with my correspondence.

Okay.

I've sent the text message.

Wow.

I always say whoosh when I sent a text message.

I'm proud of you.

I'm proud of you for doing that.

Okay.

And this is really going to turn this ship around.

Okay.

Thank you.

And once we start working in socials, once we start hitting more catch phrases, you know, that's something I want to show.

You can help me out with this, right?

But because look, we have some guests that I have to get to on the show.

Can you help me with this?

I would.

How do you do it?

You're going to need it.

So yeah.

I mean, what would be a good catch phrase at this point?

If I said anything, I mean, I said that one at the beginning, terrible catch.

You're terrible.

You're submitted catch phrases from strangers on the Internet.

I had not walked but I gave it to Weird Al Yankovic.

Well, why are you helping that guy?

I don't know.

He's rich.

He stole my catchphrase.

You should ban him from the show if you haven't already.

He's another personal friend.

That's too.

Okay.

I'll do it.

I was ready with that email.

You were prepared to ban the Al Yankovic.

And I'm proud of you.

And you're taking the steps to turn this older already.

Good.

Everyone should.

Yeah.

All right.

Look, let me get to some other guests.

Okay.

You can sort of, you know, and Roy, you know, feel free to give me pointers too.

I mean, I know that I'm happy to.

You're the guy who originally squealed on me.

So yeah, I really, I really, are you writing an email right now?

I'm going to pull up a couple of the podcasts that I think are very exemplary.

Yeah.

I think probably a good use of our time would just be like Roy playing more popular podcast.

I think he's very close speakers of his phone.

That would be good.

Well, look, we hear something.

We have something.

We have a dude, Jay Leno.

I know.

What year is it?

He's back on the air.

I'm not there.

I don't know.

He keeps threatening to have another show.

Well, don't invite him on this one.

You think the zoomers are going to tune into that?

Oh, two old guys talk about Jalapis for an hour.

Who's the, who's he bringing?

There's two old guys.

I don't know.

I'm doing a new mix.

I don't know.

All right.

Well, we have a podcast guest, a new podcast guest.

He's probably already got a more successful podcast than you.

All right.

He's, he's a, no, sorry.

It's not a man.

It's a woman.

See, this is my problem.

No, but that's good.

Don't apologize.

My producer doesn't give me any information.

You just almost misgendered a guest.

That's right.

Roy's onto something.

There's no more hot button thing than to misgender your guests.

It's very turn point.

You almost misgendered.

So technically you didn't misgender.

I didn't.

Yes.

So you can stand your ground and go, I have a right.

Stand your ground blocks.

Almost misgendered.

Yes.

Okay.

You're writing a needle very successfully right now.

Okay.

Let's get to her.

She's a new podcast host.

I need to miss.

She's been on the show before.

Greetings gum shoes.

Just kidding motherfuckers.

This the other one.

Yeah, please welcome bone que.

What's up?

It's me bone queef bone like trombone and queef like a pussy fot.

Hey, what's up bone queef?

What's up Scott?

This is Roy.

Hello, Roy.

This is Ron Snapper who's going to help me.

I had an estimated to bone queef.

Why aren't you yelling at him?

Because I am a woman.

God damn it.

That's right.

I'm sorry.

Good.

There I actually did it.

Yeah.

You did it.

You misgendered me.

So to be fair, I've done it almost every one of your favorites.

Every time I don't know what it is, maybe it's my very short haircut, but you cannot see me keep me right.

I'm sorry bone queef.

Welcome back to the show.

It's been a long time.

What's up?

Well, you're a new for people who haven't heard your previous experiences, your previous episodes.

Listen up.

Your previous bitches as we said we were going to call.

My previous bitches.

Yep.

Describe.

What are you?

Oh my what am I not Scott is more like the question you should where for there be asking me I well okay what are where for are you now?

What did I I can't remember and I am an entrepreneur.

Okay.

We don't have those well it is 2022.

Maybe we're going to have those back on the show.

Get entrepreneurs back on the show.

That's like the whole thing.

The whole years.

There's a backbone of America.

That's right.

Anyway, I I've done a lot of shit Scott, but I'm not here to talk about the past.

I'm here to talk about the future.

Okay.

So to remind those years you've done a lot of shit.

Yes, I'll be I don't remember most of what I've done.

Okay, quite honestly.

What do you hear you talk about your podcast host?

Yes, because it happened a lot of what you all were talking about in the last segment really applies to me because I a strong black woman with a very funny name was canceled.

You were canceled.

Right.

That's right.

The woke liberal left wing me because my name is bonequeat this bone like got milk and queep like a pussy fart.

No, oh your name is triggering to me and I said that is my god given name.

My motherfuckers don't understand it.

You're not offensive.

You're just who you are.

Just I am just I can understand if you are someone coming in with like and affecting something putting on some affectation or doing an accident or something like that.

I would be crazy.

You're just you're a real person.

How does the word queef trigger people?

Are they like so big?

Yeah, they do.

I honestly, you know, you tell me.

The quef is a very scary sound.

They do not.

The quef is a very scary sound.

Scary to whom?

Well, whoever wouldn't expect in the year of fart at that time, which is everyone or should you go in expecting?

It's not.

See, there's two types of queef.

You've got the mid stroke queef.

Sure.

And then you've got the after the fact queef.

Oh, okay.

Which is the most scary one?

The after the fact because you've done the mid one I think is understand.

And then you're just in bed chilling and then just.

That is exactly what every day sounds like in my household.

It's a.

Wait, I thought that was just your name.

It's actually something that's happening to you.

Because my name in it is also what I do.

Okay.

Anyway, yes, the work queef was triggering to them.

I guess all of the little, you know, lefty liberal white parents.

You guys really get along perfectly.

I'm telling you.

We are lined up.

If there was an all right centrist media, all right, we would be happy to have you bunk queef.

Well, listen, you should have me because I got a new podcast and it's called queef's after dark.

Okay.

We just have to do.

Why do people when we talking about liberals, what is your objection to the term vaginal current breeze?

Yeah.

Why couldn't you change it to that?

I mean, I know what's your name.

Well, that's the thing.

I don't have any problem with vaginal current breeze sort of as a.

So then why are you sticking so hard to queef?

Why can't you just acknowledge that?

The world has changed.

It's a word that triggers people and like when they go, it's not homeless anymore.

We go unhoused, right?

Sure.

Why not?

We usually change every word every 10 years.

Vaginal breeze, I think is a fair.

So you want me to change my name to vaginal breeze and quits like a pussy.

No, not the bone.

That would be crazy.

I'm not changing the bone part.

I'm sorry.

That's the whole thing.

Like Roy, that would be like me being like, what if you imagine Roy, you woke up and found out that the word Roy was a bad word?

Or would?

Would can intimate like it's a hard penis.

Like what if people were like suddenly, you know what?

We don't like your name, Roy.

They were too sensitive to listen to your name.

No, my name is my name.

Exactly.

That's what she's saying.

My point.

People have told me my name's offensive as well.

My name is Snapper.

My name's Snapper.

Yeah.

Which part?

It implies that I snap.

You have to handle.

You're not saying this.

What are you talking about?

All right.

So, Bonequiv, tell us about the, it's Queef After Dark.

Queef's, Queef's Plurals After Dark.

That's right.

And honestly, it's all of the people that's, that were just too edgy for society and what happens when it's a bit like the, if a black woman hosted Joe Rogan, that's a bit, like what it's like basically.

I'm investing.

That sounds great.

Okay.

I don't need rest.

That's the dream.

I'll be honest, we are doing great.

Sounds like it.

That's right.

But so, so you tell it like do you have guests on?

Do you like Joe Rogan?

Yeah.

He has on, you know, doctors and weirdos.

Sure.

Alex Jones, is that, is that the type of thing that you do?

It's all the same guests from the Joe Rogan.

Oh, wait.

You're getting Joe Rogan run off?

That's it.

But with the frame of a black woman with a funny name, it's completely different.

It does seem different.

I say hi.

Welcome to Queef's After Dark.

I'm your host, Bonequiv.

It's Bone, like wishbone, telling a funny story.

He's a little dog and queef like a pussy for hot.

And they say, oh, great.

Have you tried to ever mectan?

I'm like, no, what is that?

We do it live on the air.

Are you literally just pulling them right as soon as they get out of the Joe Rogan?

Yeah.

Like your studio's like right next door to the road.

And I have a small mobile studio set up right outside of Joe Rogan.

When you say mobile studio, what is that?

Your car?

It is my car.

Yes.

But we do have the finest recording equipment.

Oh, okay.

What do you got?

Oh, tape recorder.

Tape recorder, a Yamaha.

Okay.

He's really, those are the finest pieces of podcast recording equipment.

Right.

And you should think about doing your show in your car, Scott.

I mean, at some point I'm going to have to.

I mean, we can't afford the overhead on this place much longer.

You're telling me I'm looking at the financials right now.

What else is in the financials, by the way?

The final while there's a there's my expenditures.

Your expenses are in there.

All your postscriptions, all your subscriptions, all your only fans subscriptions.

All your fan house subscriptions.

But I'm a true fan.

I don't.

I know it, but you can't be putting it on the company card.

But we've knows what I'm talking about.

I know what I'm talking about.

And I know what I'm talking about.

So you know what two separate people are talking about.

What I'm talking about is the only fans that I'm talking about.

And I'm talking about the only fans that I'm talking about.

I'm talking about the only fans that I'm talking about.

And I'm talking about the only fans that I'm talking about.

The only fans I do solo vids.

I do...

Oh no.

It's pretty standard.

Do you cleave on your only fans?

I do.

Yeah, occasionally.

Sometimes I put on a really heavy jacket and it queefs creaks out.

It's crazy.

So...

So both we've...

Yeah.

So you've come on to talk about this podcast.

There must be more to it.

Well, no, I think that's honestly you are really imagining your life.

That's about it.

Well, let me tell you some more.

Okay, well, I'm here to cross promote because it's going well.

But my hope for the new year is to move out of my car and into a rooted grounded studio.

So I figured I would start at the absolute bottom of the podcast mountain and work my way up hoping to get to Conan eventually.

Okay, I mean, yeah, you know, I haven't been on his show either.

I mean, he came on this one.

That's right.

You know, did I get the invite back?

No.

You know, it's hard.

It's tough out there for a podcast host.

I mean, I feel about the black community's opinion of you hosting people on your podcast that don't necessarily support and fight for the same issues.

The issues don't align with with, yeah.

That's an excellent question.

That's an excellent audience on your podcast.

That's true.

As a black woman.

Right.

I guess the thing is is that I am a woman without community right now.

And these...

Because you got canceled.

Because I got canceled, but my God given name.

Bonequeave.

But here's the thing.

See, that's a good technique.

If you ever need a second, just say, just tell me once I can pull out my phone and pull up my notes app.

That's right.

Okay.

That's a loud podcast.

They can't see you do it unless the host calls it out.

That's right.

Anyway, but yes.

Is this good podcast technique?

Yeah, sure.

He said all the time, say, anyway, but yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You say anyway that you take focus back because otherwise you'll never get it back.

It's slipping away from you.

Yeah, I say, Bonequeave.

I don't think that's true.

That's another good technique.

Just deny whatever the guest says.

So like I was saying, the black community does not accept me.

So I have found my tribe.

Is that okay to say?

I don't know amongst problematic white men.

Okay.

We got everybody up in that motherfucker.

Who's there?

We got, we got, you already mentioned Alex Jones.

We got to do people that I haven't mentioned.

Okay.

We got Tommy Hot Dog Hands, Genanaman.

What?

Tommy Hot Dog Hands, Genanaman?

Yes.

That's a hot book.

That's right.

Hot booking.

You heard of him?

Yeah.

He invented an alternative COVID vaccine that inoculates you against stupidity.

It's the one I got.

Okay.

I thought you were going to say Tommy Bahamas.

That's what I was listening to.

Well, he's designing all of the clothes for the show.

What?

Yep, that's right.

I need a designer on this show.

Don't I Rod?

What's your name, Ron?

Rod!

I tell you that would never happen on my shirt.

Here's my problem.

You catch a snapper on a fishing rod.

That's right.

And so I just lost it.

Well, you don't catch this snapper by mispronouncing his name.

That's right.

Look, Bonquif, we have to take a break.

Perfect.

Are you surprised by that?

You have to take a break.

You know what else breaks?

We're going to come right back.

We have a dog.

What did I say, breeder?

Good God, Scott.

Check your notes faster.

I can't read my own goddamn area.

I thought it was a breaker.

You're not ready.

Dogbroker.

I recommend the notes app.

Okay.

Look, we'll be right back with the dog breeder.

We'll be right back with the bar company.

Back back.

Comedy bang bang.

We're here.

Roy Wood Jr.

Imperfect messenger is the special.

You laugh your silly asses off.

You know, that's what, that's, you know, open up a bottle of wine or whatever you like to partake in.

Grab your loved ones.

Send grandma home.

Or maybe she sticks around.

I don't know.

You know, she'll enjoy yourself.

Sit down with your white friends and stay with all of your white friends.

Are you talking to Martin Luther King?

Are you talking to the listeners of this show or just anyone?

Oh, this is, I'm inclusive.

Even if you black, get your white friends and say, sit down and for Martin Luther King, we can watch a dude who kind of looks like Martin Luther King in the face.

You sort of do.

No, I'm seeing it.

You ever think maybe you could play him in the, in the movie?

No, I'm not British.

This is a callback to, you're the, you're a professional.

Call back to the, the special that I saw that our listeners are being tipped off to.

We also have a bone quiff here, new podcast host.

Yes.

Hello, it's bone like I ate the bones and queef like a pussy fart.

And Ron Snapper is here and that's right.

I'm still here.

I'll never leave.

But there's the door if you ever do.

I know as we, everyone did their sort of catch phrases and call back.

So I wanted you to make sure you got yours.

Yeah, well, you took mine.

So thanks.

Well, we do need to get to our next guest and Ron help me out with this.

They're a dog breeder.

Please welcome to the show Willard Dean Marie Bates.

Oh, wow.

What a group.

Look at this bone.

Hi.

Hello.

Ron.

Hello.

What was your name?

Scott.

Yeah, you can call me, you know, Scotty Ox or.

Oh, this is lovely.

Oh my God.

Thank you.

This space.

I love this.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you for having me.

Oh, a lot of people don't give reviews the minute they start talking, but you.

Oh, I love this.

Look at this table.

Okay.

Well, you're from.

Where you from?

I'm from the south.

I hear an accent.

Me, Argentina.

It's really south.

Yeah.

South America, in fact.

Thank you for being the third person.

What's wrong with that?

The rule of three, Scott.

As much as you just explained it.

All right.

Oh, look at how fiery this is.

Okay.

I like things.

A lot of people in this room and a lot of, a lot of high energy things happening right now and Roy, of course.

Dogs.

Yes.

Dog breeding.

So it's fun.

You know, it's one of those things where I breed.

I don't know if you've heard of them.

Bores eyes.

Bores eyes?

Is that, that's a breed?

They're tall.

Oh.

They are tall.

Bores eyes.

Is that like spelled like B-O-R-Z-O-I-E?

Uh-huh.

This is exactly how it is.

Oh, okay.

Bores eyes.

And listen, it's just fun.

It's nice.

You know, all the puppies around all the time.

And I'm not going to lie to you.

They're not the most popular dog.

Bores eyes aren't.

How did you get into Bores eyes?

I mean, they, I've never even heard of them.

Has anyone here heard of a Bores eye?

I mean.

I have.

Okay.

You're the person who actually started talking about them.

So I would assume you were.

You're the person who actually started talking about them.

So I would assume you were.

You're the person who actually started talking about them.

So I would assume you were.

You were the person who actually started talking about them.

So I would assume you were.

You were the person who actually started talking about them.

So I would assume you were the person who actually started talking about them.

You put one of those guys in a trench coat.

And all of a sudden it's my son coming to the door.

You know what I mean?

Your son comes to the door in a trench coat?

That's a bear.

Well, it's just, you know, if I'm busy or something like that, my son's busy.

We'll put one of the dogs in a little trench coat and he'll go run some errands.

You said your son in the trench coat though.

You said put the dog in the trench coat and suddenly he looks like your son.

Well, right.

But why is your son in the trench coat?

Well, my son likes trench coats.

Is there something wrong with that?

Would you say he's part of the trench coat mafia?

Yes, I've got a journal.

My son does have a journal.

Will you check it?

What are you drawing in that journal?

Oh, lots of things, dreams, hopes, plans.

It seems like he might be a perfect guest for my podcast.

Or mine.

I don't know.

What's it?

So, uh, uh, uh, I got him desperately searching for a name.

Fuck it, Scott.

Willa Dean Marie Bates.

Thank you.

You, you, you breed dogs.

Is this a business for you?

Is this fun, uh, a hobby?

Scott, I'm not going to lie to you.

I had a dream.

Please don't.

Okay.

And in that dream, an angel came to me.

Oh.

It was terrifying.

Nothing like I thought an angel was going to look like.

Yeah, what, I mean, spider like.

Spider, so none of the white robes and the harp and the halo, all that.

It was just like a big spider like out of the, the dang Lord of the Rings.

A large, Lord of the Rings style spider.

Oh, no.

She lob.

How do you know that?

I, I can understand like a nerdy comedy person knowing this.

I rescued that podcast that's hosted by the two hobbits that aren't Elijah Wood and John asked this.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

I rescued their podcast.

How fun.

Well, this angel came to me and this angel said you have a purpose on the surf building and I said, what is it?

And they said to find the ugliest dog that you can possibly find and breed it as much as humanly possible.

Okay.

What is their.

It's tall.

Staking this.

Why, why did they want you to do?

Did they explain that to you or do they work in mysterious ways?

How often are you questioning God's plan, Scott?

Honestly, daily, mostly during the night, but I can't get to sleep.

So I'd say, I'd say not me as much.

Um, when an angel, when a spider angel tells me to do something, I say, absolutely.

Okay.

No problem.

Okay.

Fair enough.

So what I will say is I am a metaphorically and physically drowning in puppies.

Uh, because nobody, how do I put this?

Uh, wants these dogs.

Nobody wants these dogs.

That's the verb.

Yeah.

Because they're so tall because they're so ugly.

Um, and, uh, they got a personality.

Uh, is what I'll say.

Uh, they're a little spunky.

Uh, they're pretty opinionated.

Uh, how can a dog be opinionated?

You know, uh, they sort of let you know what they like and what they don't like.

And let me tell you, I think a lot of stuff they don't like.

Uh, they gotta be opinionated if they can run full errands for you.

Dress as your son in a trench coat.

Uh, you know, when they feel like it.

Quite sure.

What is this cut?

So, so, I mean, dogs, as far as I know, do you have dogs where I am not?

Oh, no, I'm not a pet person.

I'm not a pet person.

Okay.

As far as I know, they don't have opinions other than like, I like food.

I don't like being cold.

You know, I guess those are opinions, right?

Yeah.

And I'm quickly learning.

I'm not a dog person either.

Oh, no.

No, it's not great.

Uh, you know, they, they sort of will let me know.

Uh, they've taken to a specific diet, for example.

Okay.

You put out dog food, they won't eat it.

Really?

What are they eat?

Uh, what type of steak?

That's human food, not dog food.

Oh, no.

Expensive steak potatoes.

Asparagus.

Like, uh, stuff you would get at a full steakhouse?

Uh, air wand.

They specifically very fancy grocery stores.

Oh, no.

And they won't touch it.

Otherwise, they know if you went to, you know, bollocks or, or rafts or something like them.

Are you sure these are dogs?

Like I said, I am 65% positive.

You'd said 85 before.

I'm checking the numbers and that has decreased.

Yeah, your sheer, your sure idness has fallen.

Well, listen, I'm, I'm listening to you guys talk and I'm starting to question myself.

I'm not going to lie.

And that angel had some weird requests for the dogs.

Oh, yeah.

What else?

What else did they want?

Uh, breed the dogs like an army was sort of the thing that stuck out to me.

Army.

The dogs are like an army.

Army of animals with opinions that are taller than most humans that only eat steak.

Yeah.

And they're expensive.

Uh, I'm a little broke.

You sound scared of them respectfully.

You sound a little scared of these.

Yeah.

Your, and your eyes are darting back and forth.

You keep looking at the door like they're about to burst into the.

I'll just say, you know, that wouldn't be the first time somebody's burst into the studio.

That's a sort of, fair enough.

I said a precedent.

Shouldn't that be the first thing I should be fixing on my show is locking the door so people like you can't first.

Why did you let me in here?

Yeah, I don't know.

I got incredible locks on the car where we record just for what it's like.

Okay.

I'm going to need the name of that lock person.

Sure.

It's my cousin.

Yeah.

These dogs are sneaky.

They get in everywhere.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

This is, uh, how many do you have?

I mean, you say you're, uh, literally drowning in the.

Yeah.

We'll say, we're, we're about 40, 50, which doesn't sound like a lot.

But you got to remember these are tall, six foot four dogs.

Yeah.

And we are living in a two bedroom apartment currently.

Oh my God.

It's sort of wall to wall at the moment.

It was we when you say, oh me and my husband.

You don't have a fucking yard.

We're working on it.

This is the kind of question that I need to ask on the show.

You don't have a fucking yard and he asked it with the energy that I really respond to.

Listen, if I can be honest with you here for a second, um, when I got this dream, I was a stockbroker living in New York City.

Um, I had a great job.

I had savings.

How much were you making a year?

Well, I actually have Willardine's financial.

Oh, she's going to go through that.

Wow.

You were making an extreme amount of money.

Is that eight figures?

Eight figures.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

And you gave all that up to breed.

Bores eyes.

Can you explain Bores eyes using a metaphor I might understand?

Okay.

Uh, more like a sleep because it's boring.

Okay.

I like, uh, like a sigh, but sounding slightly different.

Okay.

Great.

Does that do it for you?

Yeah.

I have a very clear mental picture of what they look like.

Welcome back.

Thank you.

Listen, I'm trying to give space as much as I took it in the last segment.

Smart, very smart.

But you know, it's not old, not lost.

I'm trying to raise money in a couple of different ways.

So, you know, we'll see if that works out.

I wrote a book.

Have you blown through your, oh, you wrote a book.

I wrote a book.

Okay.

Yeah.

I have blown through my savings.

Yeah, I'm looking at the financial.

Pretty quickly.

Yeah.

I mean, these, these eat steak every single $104,000 a month.

Yeah.

And I also didn't sift on the bedroom, uh, the two bedroom apartment being above the Hollywood sign.

Oh, right above it?

Like which letter?

The H.

That's prime real estate.

So that's the first thing that everyone sees when you're reading from left to right.

So you say 45, 50 dogs in a two bedding.

Um, when that first, when that first litter came, let's just see what?

Six, seven puppies.

Sure.

And you didn't sell those.

Why did you let the dogs keep fucking?

Well, here's the thing.

It must be hard to separate them.

I would have added six foot five.

Yes.

You ever try to stop someone who's six five from fucking Roy?

I mean, no, you let them fuck.

I, I'm six five and no one could stop me from fucking.

You are six five.

That is, that's good.

Listen, I'm not saying I'm happy with how my life is going.

Again, I'm drowning in puppies, which brings me to my main point.

Does anybody want a puppy?

Oh, um, Roy, I mean, we have a policy on this show that if you want a puppy, you can have one.

I, I, how are they around children?

I have a five year old.

Bad.

What do they do to children?

Um, well, they sort of, they're very into the internet right now.

So they'll sort of take a horse.

I saw.

Yeah.

So they'll sort of take them on websites.

He's not supposed to be on his five.

Okay.

I might be interested in this.

Okay.

Here we go.

Oh my.

So I'm going to go to the next question.

Yes.

Can these dogs sniff out bullshit?

Oh, they, oh, they can.

They absolutely can.

I told my husband the other night, I said, I'm not in the mood.

And one just, it barked and barked and barked.

Wait, because you were in the mood.

I was very in the mood.

Why did you tell him you were in the mood?

Because I was watching Wheel of Time.

Wait, if you were in the mood, you could have paused it, fucked, and then continued watching Wheel of Time and miss out on sort of the hot takes that are going to be happening on Twitter, the second the episode ends.

I don't think so.

Okay, but you were in the mood.

Right.

But sometimes the mood waits.

Sometimes the mood, the mood waits and the, as the wheel spins, that's the wheel of time.

So this dog.

You see, this Borsai is barking at you because you lied about wanting to fuck.

Yeah.

It's a very weird story, Roy.

That's good.

I want this dog.

I must have this dog.

Absolutely.

Hey, she, so you want eight?

I mean, she's like eight.

I'll take eight.

I'll take eight of your dogs.

Absolutely.

I would like to adopt one of these dogs just to bring it in here and have Scott try to interview it.

I think that would be a valid challenge for Scott.

Are you sure you're not like you should have done an ostrich at your house?

Am I sure it's not an ostrich?

Yeah.

Like 45 to 50% sure.

You are getting less and less sure the entire time.

Checking the numbers and it is gunned down.

And this was a dream?

Are you sure about that?

Do you ever hang out with beings that are so much more intelligent?

There are so much more intelligent than you and have you wrapped around their finger to such a degree that you sort of don't know if you yourself are a person anymore.

I'll answer for Scott.

Scott has experienced this.

Can I ask a question as a fellow podcast host?

Let me show you how it sounds.

Okay.

Thank you, Bunkweef.

Where's your husband in all of this?

Great question.

What does he do?

Mark is his name?

Mark is his name.

Mark Bates.

Can I be honest with you?

Please.

He does not agree.

He is unhappy.

So your husband, he doesn't like it.

You don't like it.

Right.

I don't even know if this is an actual angel or were you doing peyote or anything the night before the wasp?

Yeah.

Yeah, that sort of, you know, we don't sleep well.

Being in the financial business and sort of, you know, all that money money never sleeps.

Money never sleeps.

Wall Street too.

Okay.

You see iters now.

That was funny.

You're funny.

Yeah, I tried.

I do a little stand up.

You do stand up?

Yeah, I do a little stand up with some.

You got one of the best right here.

I'll do it.

Maybe you can open for it.

Well, the best would tell you that ain't alone just do it for free.

This guy.

Can I say, you know, when you sound like it's been bothering me the whole time.

You sound like the guy from Princess Bride who's like, Vizini?

I don't know.

What the hell are you talking about?

Yeah, you wall is Sean.

This is inconceivable.

All right.

I feel good.

Will adine.

I, you know, I think you need to change your life quite honestly.

I don't say that to every guest here, but occasionally we'll get a guest coming in here with a crazy idea that just who's, you know, and I know what you're saying, Rod or Red.

Or what is your.

Rod, for God's sake.

You're wearing a red shirt and your name is like the thing that catches snapper.

You can see where I'd be confused.

Yeah.

No one.

What's my name, Scott?

Bonquif.

That's right.

It's bone like, ragged bone, a popular apparel store, like a post before.

See, set himself up.

And even with me lightly talking over the setup, you still hit the post.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's right.

Will adine.

I, you got to get out of this business.

Well, listen, I'm trying, listen, it's been a hard few years for me.

And I'm sorry.

You've been doing this a few years.

I thought this was a relatively.

You don't want to fuck your husband.

Me?

I'm sorry to cut to the question.

This is the thing that I'm confused about.

She wants to fuck her husband, but she's telling him no.

Can I be honest with you?

Please.

The dogs.

The dogs like to watch.

Okay.

The dogs like to watch.

And I think there's something in the power of our lovemaking that's sort of growing their sentience.

Oh, so you're having sex in front of the dogs.

It's making them more aware of language and concepts.

Well, they sort of finally see what true love looks like.

And I think it awakens them.

Aw, man.

Aw, awakens them within their medulla.

I'm mortal.

Quandary, and over to Save the World, you must quench your personal desires.

Yeah.

Can we, can we shoot these dogs?

Like, I mean, like when it's time and search, should I get a gun?

You can absolutely try, but they're doing this fun little party trick now where the bullet sort of seeps in and then it looks like they're rude and then spits them back out.

Like, more rude.

So, like, predators and she.

I'm ready to surrender to these dogs and let them overtake the earth.

As you should.

They got some fun ideas about that.

I'm not weak.

I'm strong.

You're weak, Ron.

No.

You think the weakness is a strength?

I think that these dogs are new in order and they're good.

And I'm getting it on the ground floor and maybe they can, if they're in the trailer, right, they're in the lap making, maybe they can help me fill my solo vids.

All right.

Look, guys, we're running out of time.

I don't know that we're going to solve this here.

Lonely fans.

Don't you judge me, Roy?

What?

Lonely fans.

I do have a lonely fan.

Those are the real solo vids.

Well, look, we're running out of time.

This is a bunch of people who can't watch each other's video.

Any other tags?

We're running out of time.

Anyway, like I was saying.

Okay.

All right.

We just have one final feature and that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

If you want to take your friends somewhere, think possibly a fresco.

Nebraska is a place you might like to go.

Nebraska, if you need a place that you might like to go, make a meet that plays Nebraska.

Nebraska is possibly a place to go.

That was possibly Nebraska parentheses theme song for Nebraska and parentheses by Barnacle Joe.

Thank you so much, Barnacle Joe.

And if you have a plugs theme, send it somewhere.

I don't really know where they where we get them.

But send them over there.

And what are we plugging?

Roy, obviously imperfect messenger is on Paramount Plus.

Yes.

And also I'll throw it at my podcast, Roy's Job Fair.

Will we?

You have a podcast?

Yeah, but you know, competing podcast.

I don't like to talk about competing podcasts.

We just crack talk shit about employment.

How often do you do it?

Sounds weird, but it's funny.

You know, once a week.

Once a week you have a podcast.

And who is it?

It's you and me and two co-hosts that you don't know.

How do you know I don't know them?

One of them is an accountant from Birmingham.

Where are you Fred?

What does it call the games?

Roy's Job Fair.

And you get that anywhere.

Good jobs.

Stuff that people have stolen at jobs.

Just people just regular people calling the insurance stories.

And you can get it anywhere.

Podcasts are on.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

Bonequiff.

What are we plugging over here?

I will be plugging Quiffs After Dark.

My podcast.

You can only get it on Trump's social media platform.

The one Devin Nunes charges?

Yeah, that's right.

That's my congress.

You live out there in Central Valley, California 23.

But yeah, we got a lot of exciting guests coming up.

So stay tuned for that.

And that is literally it.

That's it.

Okay, great.

So, I'm going to go ahead and plug.

Sort of this new world order.

And just really hope that we all survive.

And if you do, go ahead and find me at VSCMMSC on all platforms.

Okay.

And Ron, you obviously don't have anything to plug.

I have several things to plug.

What?

You think I'm not going to use my time?

Effectively?

This is business, Scott.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, go ahead and plug things.

Look, I rescued the podcast of a brilliant young man named Devin Field.

He hosts a show called First Hand.

I helped him steal many of the guests who have been on your show.

First Hand.

Have we run out of podcast titles?

What do you mean?

First Hand?

It's so evocative.

It clearly explains what the podcast is.

So much so that I won't go further on it.

But while you're also on Paramount Plus watching Roy's special, go ahead and click over to Devin Field's Comedy Central Half Hour, a special No One has seen.

All right.

Wonderful.

I want to plug, look, CBBWorld.com right now.

If you want to hear all the archives, although I wouldn't suggest listening to the archives of this show, but if you want to hear the archives of this show, they're all over there.

We also have Freedom is over there ad free.

We have the Andy Daley podcast project with bananas for Bonanza and with Scott hasn't seen we're in the middle of Dance Month right now.

So we're doing all dance movies here in January.

So check that out.

And you can get that at CBBWorld.com if you buy it for the year, you get two months free.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're going to make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you open up the plug bag.

We're opening up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

Stop talking, open up the plug bag.

I open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag as always as you can.

Then you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

Beautiful.

That was closing the plug bag.

Parenthesis is live at the club by Lana Del Rey's Jr.

All right, guys.

I want to thank you so much.

Roy, so great to meet you.

So great to have you on the show.

An honor and a pleasure.

And Bonequiff, great to have you back in my life.

Thank you.

And just a reminder, my name is Bonequiff.

It's Bonequiff.

We found the remains of two white women in a shallow grave and queeped like a pussy for her.

Willa Dean Marie Bates.

Good luck.

Will you give us a heads up maybe if they start?

You know, I absolutely try my best.

I got to go though because there's two boars eyes waiting in sort of the red zone right now to go pick me up.

They're grabbing.

They're grabbing fast.

They don't stop the car.

So I got a sort of tech and role.

Okay, Ron, how do we do?

Scott, I'm happy to say I think you're on the right track.

I think this podcast is on its way to being fully rescued.

You rescued us?

I may have rescued you.

First of all, you're welcome.

And second of all, I'll see you here next week to be here.

Well, you're going to be a regular?

Yeah, I'm going to be here pretty much.

Hold on.

Just to keep it tas on you.

Hold on.

So you just come on podcasts ostensibly to rescue them and then just take over them?

I didn't say I was taking over.

I said I was going to observe.

You know what?

You're banned from the show.

What?

You're banned from the show.

It's just a man who can speak.

No!

And now we're at the same energy again.

This is what I wanted, but I hate getting it.

You're banned.

No.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look.
