---
layout: page
title: 742. David Wain, Dan Lippert, Ele Woods [61f7639a9341800012f2d89d].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ My winning streak sixth-ten from the ball field to my undies?

What? Okay, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I somehow thought that was supposed to be battlefield, and then when I actually read it all allowed, as they say, it turned out to be ball field.

I guess ball field is where one plays baseball.

Yeah.

I'm looking to my guest for any kind of support.

I think it means that you're a winner in playing baseball and in the area of sex.

Oh, okay.

Well, I also believe the streaks pertain to some sort of either seminal fluid or...

Oh, like duky streaks.

Duky streaks.

Yeah.

Well, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang nonetheless.

If you're having duky streaks out there, or if you're just someone who has regular regular undies, welcome to the show for another week.

And my name is Scott Ockermann.

We have a very good show coming up for you.

A little bit later we have a speaking of ball fields.

We have a ball player.

Oh!

A little bit later.

That's exciting.

What is?

Are you a fan of the...

Any ball...

A professional organized sports.

Anything involving a ball.

Yeah.

So, discus, not my thing.

A sport going for the things that are not your thing.

Well, I'm just trying to...

I thought we were going to talk about ball related things.

I think the sports that I like and I like the ones that have a ball.

Okay.

But swinging from vine to vine like Tarzan did.

No.

And anything that let's skiing, surfing, if it doesn't have a ball, I'm out.

What if you were to introduce balls on surfboards?

Yeah.

Well, believe me.

That's what I have done that on my vacations with my family.

No offense.

I don't understand.

Because my balls fall out because I'm such a bad surfer.

You're so bad that your balls fall out of your swim shorts.

Believe me, my surf instructors are not happy about this.

Also a little bit later we have a concerned parent, a concerned mother actually.

I don't know whether she's a parent.

I guess you can't be a mother without being a parent.

Is that safe to say?

She's a mother without being a parent.

I guess not.

I guess you could be a former mother.

Or if it's just like, look at this mother.

Please don't do that.

Not in 2022.

No, no, no.

All right.

Well, that'll be coming up a little later on the show.

But before we get to them, of course, you know, we couldn't let 2022 slip by.

And boy, we were close.

We were close, but we got you in right under the wire at the beginning of the...

...here.

We couldn't let it slip through our fingers without doing a little patented Wayne Scotting.

Oh, God.

Our incredible segment on the show.

He has been on the show many times.

You know him as the director of such movies as they came together, wanderlust.

I want to say roadhogs, but that's not something, right?

Roll models.

But roadhogs is a good...

Wait, is that a...

Roadhogs is something I'm in development with my team right now.

Oh, you're a whole team?

Yeah, a whole team.

You're an entire team.

Well, we have to figure out who's going to play each of the different hogs.

It's animated.

Oh, okay.

So when you get a project going, you assemble a whole team of actors?

No, I have a whole team in my office of 35 people.

Just at the ready.

Yeah, at the ready.

And when somebody comes in, sometimes coming to this pitch, an idea, and they're like, how about roadhogs?

And then immediately I yell back to the team.

Roadhogs.

They all like scurry and...

They get the whiteboard.

The typewriters out, the whiteboard.

And then decide, you know, oh, maybe one roadhog is sloppy, and his name is Bruce, and I'm from there.

This actually sounds pretty good.

Is that part of it?

Yeah.

And we got Bruce Willis, so thank you.

Whoa!

How are you going to get him to be sloppy?

Because he's very known for being fastidious.

I know, that's the whole thing.

So what we did is we got a sloppy consultant to work with him.

Oh, okay.

And he's been doing it for six months.

A real slopmeister?

A slopmeister, yeah.

A slop maven, he calls himself.

Okay.

He should be a guest on your show soon.

We show...

Oh, really?

He's a slopmeister.

I've never had a slopmeven on the show, I believe.

A lot of entrepreneurs...

It's a whole business.

Who knew?

So he is an entrepreneur.

He's an entrepreneur in that.

Yeah.

Okay.

So we had a lot of entrepreneurs on the show that we had to stop having them on because we segued into small business owners.

And then 2022 we have people who say, oh, no, a lot.

Okay.

So we'll see.

We'll see if that streak continues.

Sometimes things circle back.

Yeah, totally.

I'd love to circle back with you about that, but we have to introduce you.

He also directed a little movie called Wet Hot American Summer as well as the television show based upon the same intellectual property.

Please welcome back to the show David Wayne.

Great to be back.

Always.

Great to be back.

Always great to have you back.

When you're not back, I don't like you not being back.

But when you're back, you're back.

I mean, it's a Monday.

It totally is a Monday.

Welcome back to the show.

Thank you.

It's got.

I mentioned Wet Hot American Summer.

Did we get that out of the way?

Yeah.

Okay.

Good.

We had the 20th anniversary since I was last 20th anniversary of the movie coming out.

Believe it or not.

So not the germ of the idea.

The germ of the idea was more than 20 years ago.

I would hope it wasn't less than 20 years ago.

You thought of this after you.

We've done it that way sometimes.

Where you make the movie, release it and then maybe a year or two later, you have that germ seed.

The germ of that idea where like this would be a good idea for a movie.

Oh, I already made it.

It doesn't usually work as well done in that order.

I've over time you learn the best order.

The best order is usually like think of the idea.

Then do the thing.

Then do the idea.

Yeah.

It's just filmmaking stuff.

You know, I'm happy to pass it along now that I'm.

To the next generation.

Yeah.

How do you towards retirement?

I'm a elder filmmaker, of course.

And you are headed towards retirement.

That's great.

Yeah, I'm excited about that.

I found myself, I found myself in filmmaking retirement unexpectedly.

Me too.

The pandemic hit and oh, I guess I'm retired.

Yeah, it's been fun.

It's been fun.

Unscheduled two year little vacation.

Yeah, it's been really nice.

Yeah.

And we're out in my backyard, by the way, if you heard a bird fly by.

Did you see that bird fly by?

Yeah, what was that?

A taredactyl?

I think we're in Jurassic World or something here.

I don't know.

Oh man.

What is next?

Because you have Jurassic Park.

Is this now a scripted podcast adventure?

I believe so.

So Jurassic Park starts first, right?

And then what's bigger than a park?

Suddenly they go to the world.

I mean, there's got to be an intermediary step, right?

Well, you'd think next would be Jurassic Universe.

But I'm sure the world does.

The studio is universal.

They're not going to let them bite off that.

Oh, they're not going to let it bite off that.

Yeah, exactly.

And it becomes like, oh.

But I would think like go from park to like Jurassic Town.

Sure.

You know, like with its own zip code or something.

Jurassic County.

Yeah, then maybe Jurassic State, Jurassic Country, then Jurassic World.

You know, it seems like we skipped a bunch of steps.

But sometimes, you know, we could on Netflix, you can go back in the timeline like you would do with a Marvel thing and we can do Jurassic County.

OK, I'd love to do that with you.

Yeah.

Let's get out of retirement.

Hey, could that be the one project that gets David Wayne and Scott Ockerman out of retirement?

Let me talk to the team.

Are they back there right now?

The 35 of them?

I just ignited them.

Do they all have their special skills?

Is it like the Dirty Dozen times three?

Yeah.

Like, for example, Maureen, great with jokes about boobs.

Because she has them?

She doesn't.

Oh, she doesn't.

Oh, OK.

What is she?

She's a double A?

She's a she is a cat.

Mm.

So you've taught a cat to type jokes about boobs?

Oh, no, she doesn't type.

Oh, she dictates.

Oh, yeah.

We have another team member.

The team is a great typist.

Oh, OK.

That's their one skill.

Yeah, his name is actually Scott, coincidentally.

Oh, that is quite a coincidence.

Yeah.

But your name is Scott Ockerman.

This guy's name is Scott Glendale.

Scott Glendale, really?

Was the town named after him?

Like his family?

I think it's family, not him, obviously.

Oh, yeah.

Maybe his great, great grandfather was John Glendale.

John Glendale or something?

Yeah, it's heard about him.

Yeah.

So he got to California.

He raised an entire strawberry field.

Yep.

And he's just like, let's put it in Olive Garden here.

And they were all great typists.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, that's the only way you can start a real town is by typing up the documents of people.

People don't realize that.

That's a lot of people.

The skill that really makes people shine above.

That's why, for example, Bill Clinton became president.

People do not know that.

He was, he ached the typing test.

Yeah.

He knew where he also kept his fingers on the home keys at all times.

Except for the times his fingers were other places.

Don't get me started.

I know you're joking, but he actually did have a few down.

I know I'm joking and I hope you're joking right now, but are you not joking?

I wish I know you're, this is like you're kidding around, but Bill Clinton actually did have a, I happen to know some pretty.

You got the inside scoop on this?

Unsaverly.

Well, some of it was in the news and I'm not going to.

Well, people have wiped it from their minds in the ensuing years.

Well, a certain Monica should have wiped something else, but.

I think that was the issue is she did wipe it.

I don't know.

And then kept it.

You know, I didn't read all the details.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

I want to read those details at some point because it sounds interesting.

It sounds like the kind of salacious story that I'm interested in, but I've never followed up.

You know, if it's all right with you and your audience, I'd love to do some of the research and then come back to you on another episode.

Come back.

Having done the follow up work.

Could we schedule that right now?

And I can tell you the name of who we was involved and everything else.

Sure.

I feel like someone named Pat was involved.

Could be.

Maybe Pat.

We don't know.

Yeah.

That's the kind of stuff that we will.

So my name is like Pat Smalls.

If that is the kind of thing that I would love to earmark for the follow up episode.

OK.

Do we schedule now or do we?

Yeah, let's do it.

Yeah.

When do you want to get your calendar?

Good from your iPhone.

OK.

What's how are Tuesdays for you?

It would have to be after 10.

10 AM or PM?

After 10 PM.

After 10 PM?

Tuesdays, I have 10.

It's from 8 AM to 10 PM.

OK.

And if we could do it, actually, that's good, though.

If we could do it, maybe 11.30 PM.

11.30 PM.

I'm only free 11.30 PM on Saturdays.

All right, you drive a hard bargain, Scott.

But I want to do the follow up.

We mentioned it.

I committed to it.

We're doing it on the Saturday.

Now that I think about it, I'm taking over for Lord Michael's when he retires.

So I can't do 11.30 on Saturday anymore.

Hey, all joking aside.

I mean, I think that would be great.

I think you do.

I think I would do a really good job.

And that's why they gave it to me.

I just I had to go in and they asked me what my weaknesses were.

And I said, well, sometimes I care about comedy too much.

And they're like, this guy's really good.

Yeah.

I mean, if that's your weakness.

Yeah.

What about church on Sundays, then the barbecue?

Are you in the car on the way from church to barbecue?

Because it could be one of those things where we do it from the car.

Where we do it from like two cars that are driving next to each other.

These days, you can do it from anywhere.

I've seen those Fast and Furious movies.

They do a lot of interesting things in cars.

So I bet we could do this podcast.

I mean, I heard about a guy, a friend of mine, a buddy of mine, a couple of buddies, they had a meeting there in Los Angeles.

The person they're talking to is in Chicago.

No.

Do they fly there?

No, they didn't fly there.

Nope.

They they didn't get on a plane.

They did the meeting on some and boom, zoom.

They're done.

Is that Jewish zoom?

Uh, I don't know.

It's cheaper.

It's wholesale.

Little laggy.

Uh, now can't do Mondays because this is a Monday.

And also just don't give me another piece of Mondays.

Please.

Uh, can't you do a Wednesday Thursday's?

Wait, let me just think.

I think there's one ahead of us.

I got Sunday Monday.

Happy day.

Wednesday.

Happy day.

Thursday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday, Saturday.

The weekend comes.

That's the day cycle hums.

I think I want to do it with you Saturday, Saturday, Saturday.

Yeah.

In the day.

Sure.

OK.

Do you want to get a workout in while we do it or?

Uh, yeah, you know, I've I've I've done a lot of podcasts while doing soul cycle.

Really?

Yeah.

The problem is the music is loud, but it's copyright.

It I bet.

Yeah.

But they can squelch it out, you know, with AI.

Yeah.

Uh, what's AI stand for, by the way?

Artificial intelligence, like in like not television.

It sounds like more of an oxymoron to me.

If you if you know, no, no, I'm sorry.

That's army intelligence.

I was thinking of military.

Intelligence military intelligence.

Yes.

We're like a jumbo shrimp.

I mean, he was like, they're shrimp.

How big could they possibly be?

I know.

Although some of them, when you get them, I wouldn't there, I wouldn't mind eating delicious at least one right now.

Do you have a shrimp cocktail?

This is going to sound weird, but I brought shrimp cocktails for all of our guests.

Oh, my God.

That is such a good idea.

Yeah, especially out in the bright, comedy bang bang.

Sitting out here in the bright sunlight in the backyard for approximately six hours.

It's the it's the COVID treat that never stops.

A shrimp cocktail during COVID.

I mean, what a combo.

You know, when the chef comes over and he like gives that kiss about like, like, oh, my gosh, this food is so good.

Like, what is that?

It gives the kiss.

Oh, yeah.

You know, they call it a chef's kiss.

It's like, Hey, dude, like, I don't need you kissing my food or trying to kiss me.

I don't understand, like, why is a kiss have to be part of this transaction where you make me food?

Well, now they do it with a mask.

OK, so on the food.

Yeah, on the food.

You know how they say, you know, they how they can go over it.

You know, if like the if the chef is angry, you they say that he'll spit in the food.

Right.

Yeah.

Now they do it with a mask.

Oh, OK.

That's better.

That's way better.

Yeah.

So you can be as rude as you want to to your waiters and no, but they take the they spit into their mask.

Then they take the mask off and rub it into the mouth.

Oh, OK, I misunderstood.

I mean, depending on what the kind of food you're ordering, but if it's like a tuna noodle casserole, which is usually what I would order at any restaurant, any restaurant, pretty much I do.

And then restaurants, they know, like, for example, I go people know this.

Everyone knows me knows this.

I go to McDonald's a lot.

Sure.

And so they don't normally have tuna noodle on the menu.

But when they see you coming, they know me.

Yeah.

And they always have.

They keep a random scoop of tuna there at the.

Yeah, it's there.

It's there.

It's in the freezer and they know to, you know, defrost it defrost it and throw it down.

Do they see you coming?

And by the time you're there, it's defrosted or?

Yeah, well, you know, I have a GPS.

And so they can they can find my friends.

So you shared them on your fine.

Find your friends.

I want McDonald's to know all and it's all every McDonald's in the world.

So if you're ever passing one, they think that you're you're going to be there.

Sometimes are you just passing the McDonald's and you don't go inside.

Because you're just on your way somewhere else and they've defrosted this tuna.

Yeah, it does waste a lot of but somebody always wants it.

So they then have to advertise it like we have one scoop of tuna that we usually save for some guy.

Yeah, but they don't have to do it's because it's just the one they don't have to do a big broad advertisement.

They could do a banner ad.

You know, like a.

Yeah, clickable manner.

Yeah, definitely.

So that's that's how they do that.

But it's nice.

It's fun.

Like when I was in, for example, Morocco, sure.

I went walk by the McDonald's there and sure enough, I had very nice, warm scoop of tuna noodle casserole.

No, where do they the other thing they don't usually have?

It's the noodle part.

So they they how to how do they put that together?

It's a layer of noodles and a layer of tuna.

OK.

And then it's just sort of lightly baked and salted with breadcrumbs or what?

Yeah, a lot of people you would use breadcrumbs.

I wouldn't like Panko or what?

No, it's just a layer of tuna and noodle.

Just tuna noodles.

A little bit of cheese and then you just give a little, you know, take that thing with it.

It's like a what do you call the torch?

You know, like the creme brulee, the right a brulee torch and you.

OK, you just brulee and then she's what is that melting?

The cheese or the tuna?

It melts the cheese into the tuna so they become kind of the same thing.

Why don't they sell that in stores?

Cheese and tuna combined.

It's a winning idea.

Well, I OK, I didn't wasn't going to announce this today, but.

To hell.

What the hell?

Let's do this.

Is this exclusive?

I have a thing I've been working on for quite a while.

It's called Wayne packaged foods and Wayne packaged foods.

What a name.

And this is the tuna cheese reduction.

Tuna cheese reduction.

And you can buy this in packs of 16 minimum and 16 minimum.

What's the maximum?

Maximum is 32.

Oh, OK, so two sizes.

Yeah.

Or does it go 16 and the.

Come in.

And the patches of 16 and you can buy one or two of them.

Oh, I see.

But you squelch it at two.

And yeah, that's that's enough.

I mean, that's really.

Oh, God, I just said.

I believe I just said someone else is getting.

I hope they don't zoom me.

You know what?

This happens in comedy sometimes.

Sometimes parallel thinking.

I think I thought of that at the same time as them.

Yeah, I thought of a jaws.

You do it.

Yeah.

When I was six, it was really weird.

You're kidding.

What do you what was your version of the idea?

I was walking around my house and I was like, you know, I really think there should be a feature film based on the novel Jaws.

By Robert Benchley.

And lo and behold, it looks like the universal pictures had a similar idea.

Universal again.

And I can't blame them because they went and did it.

I didn't.

Yeah, that's true.

So I mean, you could have.

It's like when you go to the modern art museum and so it's just a thing.

That's just a big, you know, pile of painted blue square or something.

Right.

And you'd say, I could do that.

Then I'm like, then do it.

Then do it.

Well, here's the issue.

Most of the time, like 90% of it is the supplies.

I don't want to buy a big thing and then right just so I can paint it blue.

And that's what made like, you know, those great modern artists so great is they had the patience to go buy the supplies.

Right.

I mean, now you were telling me before the show, you had built the mechanical shark.

Yes.

Part of it.

I had we had a lot.

We had basically gone into soft prep.

And it was storyboarding.

I was storyboarding.

I had a crew and we were people were in staying in hotels and food was being cooked for the crew and it was.

You got that far.

Yeah.

And also me being like six years old.

It was, you know, obviously people were they ended up, you know, Spielberg when he ended up doing the other jaws was, was young for the time.

Sure.

He was in his 20s.

He's in his 20s.

But they honestly, there just wasn't the people.

I didn't build enough trust among the whole group because in part, because I was six.

It can be difficult to trust someone.

I mean, when you're making a film, the one film I've directed, I went around to every crew member.

Very.

Tell their hands.

Terrific.

And I said, do you trust me?

Yeah.

Every single morning to every single crew member.

No, I'm sure that would have been very not annoying.

It added four hours to every day.

I'll have to get in a line.

I'll give you a tip.

Yeah.

What I do is after every shot that you do, you know, you might do anywhere from 20 to 50 setups in a day, whatever.

I would do one usually.

But after one shot, one and done is it was.

No, that's not the way you do it.

What?

That's not the way you do it.

But after a shot, what I do as a director is I say, cut.

And then I go around to each actor and I shake their hands.

Thank you.

Thank you so much for that.

Right.

Even if it wasn't a wrap on them.

No, no, no, just for the doing the one just for doing the one shot.

Yeah.

You know, yeah.

And then I go to each member of the crew and I think shake their hand.

I looked them in the eye and I say their name.

Right.

Thank you, John, for operating the camera on that shot down the line.

And then we're like, all right, take two.

You know, yeah, that's perfect.

I mean, that makes everyone feel appreciated.

And I mean, you know what it is?

More than being appreciated, they feel and I'm going to take a pause just because it's so important.

They feel.

Seeing Bravo.

Thank you.

My God.

Thank you.

Now they would they wouldn't be able to spend any time with their families, usually.

No, no, no, no, no.

No, no, no, we usually did like 19, 20 hour days.

And weirdly, we got the amount of material that you would normally get done in about two hours.

Really interesting.

But they felt very seen.

Yeah.

Amazing.

Well, do you have anything out there in the pipeline?

I know you were talking to me before the show.

You were like, Oh, my God, mention the pipeline because.

Oh, God.

Because I want to squeeze some stuff through it and I want to I want to make sure that that pipeline is nice and big and juicy and wide.

Just so I can squeeze everything through it.

So bring up some fun things that I'm working on.

Really?

Like we're doing the this is real.

I'm making making a musical movie with the off book podcast people.

I think I read that, my dear boy.

Yeah.

What exactly is that?

Tell me about it.

It's a musical original feature film.

Don't you mean a feature film?

No, no, no.

You know me.

No, I don't know.

No, I haven't heard that actually.

OK.

And no, but it's Jessica McKenna and Zach Reno and with with Elizabeth Banks is producing it.

And they they they they wrote it are starring in what exactly is it.

We came up with it together and they're doing the music and the lyrics and we're writing.

Oh, one of those like they said it in the same room that you were in and then suddenly you came up with it.

Right.

They they wrote a whole screenplay and I looked at it and I'm like, I'm so glad we wrote this together.

We're joking that I've heard of people doing that exact.

I would not do that.

So that you guys came up with this idea and what's going on with it?

Can I see it tomorrow?

I wish.

And people don't know who you know out there, but it takes a few steps before it could be about 10, 15 years.

Who knows?

Sure, that would be great though.

Do you want to schedule that?

Yeah.

And 10 10 or 15 years.

Yeah, I would say let's go.

Let's go with 13.

Let's go with February 9th.

Let's go with Feb 9th.

2pm.

Let's go with at my house and I'm actually going to be in a new house then OK, which is if you can write this down.

Three, eight, four, two, three, four, Ginsburg Avenue Ginsburg.

Oh, named after.

Uh, Allen Ginsburg.

Shreveport, Louisiana.

Three, eight, two, four times 10 times 10.

Three, eight, two, four times two.

OK, got it.

OK, I'll be there.

This is exciting.

Oh, yeah.

Big premiere.

Oh, yeah.

At your house, even.

Thank you.

Do you have the setup for that or will you have the setup for that?

Oh, yeah.

I've colored TV the whole thing.

Color TV.

Yeah.

Five point one, seven point one.

My buddy is going to set me up with color TV.

Really?

Yeah.

Who who's your connect on this?

He's this guy.

His name is Ben Ben.

What is it?

Is it is it?

Uh, Rogers Ben Rogers.

Ben Rogers and he's been Rogers.

I know.

I don't know.

And he comes in and he does like all things tech.

He got me set up on Tivo now and we're good.

Really?

Do you call him Mr.

Rogers ever?

Like, and does he take off sweater when he comes in?

I mean, sometimes if I'm really like maybe we'll have a have had a couple of drinks and I just really give the guy setting up your TV a couple of drinks when he comes in.

Yeah.

Sometimes, you know, like one, not all the time, like if it's maybe on a Thursday.

Try to get a nice and loose.

Sure.

I'll give him three, four drinks and then, you know, we're screwing around and I'm like, throwing shade his way.

And then at those moments, yeah, I've, I'm not going to lie.

I've, I've said, hey, Ben Rogers, or is it Mr.

Rogers?

And he takes it in the right spirit, you know, that's pretty standard.

I think for people coming over to your house to do a to do handyman work for.

I mean, I know like it sounds like I'm ragging on the dude, but it's all in fun.

You know, we have a good time.

Well, David Wayne is here.

He's here for some patented Wayne Scotting.

I'm excited.

Once we get started on the Wayne Scotting.

Oh, yeah.

I know this has been preamble at this point, but once we get to it, oh, man, this is going to be incredible.

If you haven't heard any of any of our previous episodes where we've Wayne Scott and go back and immediately stop this one, go back and listen to those in the archives, because it's a really special thing we're going to be doing on the show.

Yeah.

What are you doing?

You're drawing something over?

What do you guys know?

I just, I, I also, or are you making notes of what to talk about?

I just went and had a couple of drinks while you were saying that stuff about, I don't know, he's on the show with blah, blah, blah.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I noticed you just appeared for a second.

Yeah.

You got you.

Are you wasted right now?

No, my friend Ben was listening and he was all excited.

And so he came by and he's like, Hey, you know, how about now?

How about now?

I'm like, dude, it's Monday.

How about now?

What for him?

Dropped the drinks.

You know, he's just following you around for drinks.

He wasn't, he wasn't following me, but when he heard.

He's gotten him hooked.

Is he an alcoholic?

He heard me on the air and he was like, Hey, I, I, thanks for the shout out and you reminded me about the drinks and can I have some?

Interesting guy, Ben Rogers.

So hope it's not the one I know.

I hope so too.

Yeah.

Well, first of all, mainly because I would hate for anyone to call him Mr.

Rogers.

That would make it very super.

It's, it's harsh, but it's, it's, it's.

It's fair.

And it's also funny.

It's so funny.

It's harsh, fair, worth it.

Funny.

It's a legit jab and it's worth doing.

Sometimes we got to poke the bear.

If it's the right recipient who knows how to take it, you know, sure.

A lot of people can dish it out, but can they take it?

And you tested the waters with this guy.

He could take it.

It was good.

And I think he's heard it before, you know, Ben Rogers, I'm sure like, in the, in the childhood playground, Jabs, you know, right, Mr.

Rogers or, or, you know, he also probably heard like, Hey, Ben, you're never going to win.

You know, you're a loser.

Interesting.

What about Ben Rothlasberger?

Anyone ever call him that or is that too much?

I don't know.

I could find that out.

Could you find that out?

Give me 20 minutes.

No, give me two seconds.

I could, I could text anywhere between two seconds to any minute.

Let me tell you how long this is good.

Mom always will text me back so fast.

Yep.

Okay.

Yep.

No, she said no.

She said no.

Okay.

So interesting.

Okay.

Well, that might be one you might want to try out, especially on a Sunday, if you ever see him on a Sunday or like the football game, maybe he's there to fix your TV because your antenna is not picking up the local Fox network or something like that.

It's the worst right before the kickoff.

Right.

The kickoff's the best part.

And I got got the guys are over.

We got the dip and the chips and I'm like, you got that.

You're watching the TV and that guy's like swinging his leg back and forth.

Practice.

And there's the snow on the screen.

I'm like, Hey, is it is it snowing in Green Bay today?

No, this is the television reception.

And of course, I try to cover.

I'm like, Hey, let me turn off the TV for a minute because, you know, Oh, and I try to make up some stupid story like Biden's coming over and they never buy it.

You know, they know, they know Biden's not coming over.

How often does he come over?

That's the thing like generally virtually never.

And so they know that.

They know that.

And so they always see through my.

Yeah.

But that's, I mean, a Super Bowl is coming up in approximately, I don't know, three weeks, four weeks, don't get me started on the Super Bowl boy.

This is a, this has got to be like the 52nd time they've done it or something.

It might be maybe somewhere around there.

It honestly might be like they have one every every year almost.

This is the Super Bowl for me is the time when for the NFL, the time when the two teams that have done the best all year meet up head to head and duke it out for one last, you know, main championship game.

It's in my opinion is for all the marbles.

It is.

I mean, I mean, it's the term.

If all the marbles means winning the whole season, the champion, the big trophy.

Yeah.

I mean, yeah, obviously, you know, the name of the game for me this year, especially as you got to get those points up on the board and whoever does.

Well, that's the most thing.

Yeah.

The most, I mean, you, you every once in a while, you'll see one team will put up like 10, 20, 30 points.

Sure.

And it's like you'll just be looking at that part of the score, scoreboard.

And you'll be like, wow, all right.

Great game.

Right.

Then you'll slightly move your head to the right.

And that other team is like 20 to their 10, 30 to their 20, 40 to their 20.

You're joking, but I've seen this.

I've actually seen this happen.

And you're like, I guess I didn't know as much about this game as I thought I did.

Yeah.

Well, I'm put everything in perspective.

I'm a football fiend fanatic.

Yeah.

So I like just, I sleep, drink this stuff 24, 7, all the stats.

What's your favorite, your favorite score that you've ever seen?

Oh my God.

Well, OK, Oakland Raiders versus the San Diego Jets.

Mm hmm.

Good matchup.

They were that's a that's what I like to call an offensive matchup.

They they hit each other so hard that day.

I mean, I don't even know where to start the list.

There were tackles.

Sure.

There were touchdowns.

There were running backs.

I mean, everything happened.

Everything.

Yeah.

But at the end of the day, it all comes down to the score.

So tell me what that what was that score?

OK, try this on for size.

OK, 36 to 30.

I mean, that's just like that is.

Let it sink in.

I mean, I can't even fathom.

First of all, both of those team scores are divisible by three.

This is an example of a mind meat blown.

Crazy.

And you got to think at the end of the day that you look at a score like that and you're like, huh, 36 30.

If only this was that and that was that, things would be different, but it wasn't it.

That's exactly what you want.

You should talk like Jimmy Stewart.

Yeah.

If only.

Mary.

Thirty, thirty, thirty, 30.

Give me what's your best impression?

Well, people know that I'm, you know, I'm famous for doing George Burns.

Yeah, let's hear it.

Let's hear a little bit of it.

I worry people are forgetting about George Burns and let's make sure his memory remains alive by your impression of him.

Here is David Wayne's famous George Burns impression.

Go.

Oh, George, are you going to come in here?

Ah, yes, I'm George Burns.

My late wife was Gracie.

Oh, Gracie.

What's going on with you?

Gracie.

Wow.

Thank you.

So this is after her untimely passing.

Yes, that I'm placing before him time.

Or is this in him and her passing and his passing?

OK, yeah.

So we can really pinpoint almost to the decade of what that would be.

Well, it would be somewhere between the 70s and the 90s.

1970s for those of you who are in the Gen Z.

Sure.

I mean, yeah.

Can you imagine that people lived in the previous century?

I true story last night, my son was doing homework and he was talking to his friend on the phone at the same time.

And I said, how can you have a conversation and do homework at the same time?

And I said, you have to get off the phone and he goes, forget, ignore my dad.

He doesn't understand.

He's from the 70s.

Meanwhile, you've been sitting here drawing something the entire time that you've been on the internet.

But I'm going to present it to you.

Oh, this is a David Wade original.

Uh, all right.

Well, we need to take a break, David.

We're going to get to the Wayne Scotting down in another segment, if that's OK.

But that is coming.

That's very important.

We have a great show coming up a little later.

We have a ball player and we have a concerned mother, hopefully not a former mother, a current mother.

This is a great, great show.

You are not going to want to miss it.

We are on fire this January.

David Wayne is here.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang.

After this.

Comedy bang.

We're here. David Wayne is here and he's sitting in a chair for those of you who want to picture exactly what he's doing at this point.

He's wearing some sort of shirts.

Oh boy, someone's.

That's a loud bird.

Hey, that's like real life guys.

You know, you're seeing it raw.

This is raw and uncut here.

This is comedy bang bang after dark.

Something happens.

It's there.

It's, you know, we don't know.

There's no change in it.

We don't cut out.

Look, I made a little sketch of you on the microphone.

Oh, wow.

Is that my hand or is that the mic?

I'm not that quite sure.

Can I ask for it to be a mic?

You know, maybe you have a rubber washing dish glove on your hand.

Yeah, I'm quite sure.

But I thank you so much.

We'll post this on the comedy bang bang.

Definitely.

We should make a banner ad with this.

Yeah.

In fact, I'm thinking about putting up a, I was, I've been talking to a bunch of buds.

We're going to be doing a banner ad sometime in the next year.

Probably in about a year.

It's going to be advertising some kind of web website login deal or something like that.

Great.

That sounds exciting.

Yeah, we're excited about it.

So before the end of 2022 or do you mean fiscal year?

Our fiscal year, which starts in April.

So probably will be, you know, knowing us last minute.

So next April, you know.

So yeah, maybe March 30th, we should be on the lookout.

So where, and that'll be on our favorite websites or?

Yeah, if you can check it out, you know, it's probably on Yahoo and so on.

But I'll tell you this.

When I need to do something, you know, when I do it, the last possible minute.

It's like, it's almost like give yourself a deadline a little bit earlier and it'll yeah, get done earlier.

No offense to people who do things right on time, please.

No, please.

We don't mean to offend you out there.

I don't want to be problematic.

Yeah.

Cut it out.

Um, we have, we have to get to our next guest, David.

If that's OK, I'm excited.

I'm excited about all the guests.

Are you a fan of that big orange ball?

You know which one I'm talking about?

The most orange ball in sports.

I'm going to throw down a little guests and I'm going to say basketball.

Yes, sir.

Basketball.

He is a former player now a announcer of that little game that we call basketball that bounces that orange ball around and even goes up into a big circle with a net in it.

Um, he's been on the show many times.

Please welcome back to the show, Bill Walton.

Wow.

What honor to be here Scott Ockerman and in the presence of David Wade, what have the fantastic creative David's of our generation?

Really?

From Simon to Chase, the David's own the media.

And David Wade is not to be forgotten amongst the towering David's.

I'm talking about who owns the media right right off the bat, Bill.

Look, if you want to know what I think about who owns the media, just look at the great playboy interview of the wonderful actor.

What I never remember this guy.

Oh, I was a commissioner Gordon, a serious player.

Oh, Billy, Billy, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, yeah.

That's right.

Yes, I thought you meant Billy D. Williams.

Oh, no, no, no, no, Harvey Dent.

We want to know who owns the media.

Check out the playboy interview of Gary Oldman.

Yes, he lets you know the real truth.

The real defense of the most serious players opinions, the Mel Gibson's of the world.

Oh, wonderful.

I'll have to check that out.

Oh, Gary Oldman interviews.

That's a great place to feel uncomfortable about somebody who you want to admire.

And playboy.

Yes, one of the great interview magazines that also features pictures of scantily clad women from Max.

Take them another one.

Max.

Oh, I guess Max.

I mean, Max, I mean, it's gone on.

I mean, do you not read Max?

I believe is it not defunct at this point.

And my heart has some.

It's the fun.

I know.

I think I got this month's issue in the mail today.

Oh, he did.

He was on the cover this time.

Samantha Fox.

The Fox.

Yeah.

From we don't have to take our clothes off to have a good time.

I guess so.

She's a he's a fox.

Oh, boy.

What of the?

Well, I can't tell you this right now.

What if the people who I've never heard of on this earth, Samantha Fox?

Go back and check her out.

Oh, go.

80s, 80s singer, I believe.

Any relation to Megan Fox.

Oh, I only wish.

Oh, my God.

If the two of them were twins, having a fox off boy, she'd be a lot older.

Make much older.

Wow.

I don't know.

One of the great old foxes from Fox Mulder.

Red Fox.

Yes.

Thank you.

It's got on with the assist.

Yes.

I'm from assisted down.

Big man.

Welcome back to the show.

So good to see you.

A pleasure to be here.

David.

I'm a big fan too.

You're a big fan.

Oh, wow.

And as Scott knows, I love.

Well, I love all sports and basketballs right up there as part of one of those.

The most orange ball, not the, not the biggest ball in sports, right?

No, you'd have to consider.

Let's see.

Well, you consider a medicine ball a sports ball.

Or is that more of an exercise ball?

That's an exercise ball as far as I'm concerned.

That's the one, the big rubber one that you like do sit-ups on.

Is that just?

No, no, no, that's the one that you throw back and forth.

Yeah, it's heavy.

It's a weighted ball.

Right.

Yeah.

Oh, what's the one called that you do sit-ups on?

That's the, that's a big bouncy ball that you.

An inflatable ball.

Yeah.

Inflatable ball.

They don't have a good name for like a medicine ball.

That man, that branding is incredible.

You think that you are being healthy just by using the ball?

Just by picking it up, you've taken your own medicine for the day, Scott Ockerman.

What a wonderful observation.

Wow.

I can't think of a bigger ball now that now that we're talking about it.

The smallest ball in sports has to be either ping pong or golf, right?

Now, are we considering the shuttlecock?

Or is that not a ball but more of a birdie?

Is it's right?

I believe it's a birdie.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, you wouldn't count marbles.

Is it a sport though?

Yeah, that's a good one.

I think it has to be in the Olympics to be a sport.

Yeah, it's a head scrunch.

It really is.

So once basketball was in the Olympics, it finally was a sport.

Yes, and marbles.

I am a great stumper to me.

Is that a sport because it does take a little bit of intellectual prowess, but athletic prowess, I don't know.

What's the largest ball in sports?

That's what I thought.

I think it might be basketball.

I don't know.

I mean, volleyball is smaller.

Beach ball.

Yes.

Beach ball.

What are the great beach sports?

Of course.

I'm kicking that back and forth.

Kick the beach ball around with my friends.

Is beach ball in the Olympics?

I'd have to Google it to be a sport.

You have to have points.

Is that right?

Points.

To that comment is what I'm giving you.

It's kind of a bit.

I mean, but you know what I mean?

Like there has to be some sort of competitive, like we're keeping track of a score.

Is that so?

Well, like, you know, in Bob's sledding, it's like who can do it the fastest.

Right.

If points were not a part of sports, would they be more interesting or less interesting?

But isn't hunting a sport?

Well, but it's like how many things you can kill, right?

Oh, is that what it is?

Like one elephant equals like 44 birds.

And do they have a scoreboard out in the woods?

Yep.

That would be a wonderful title to like a book of musings by David Wayne.

Oh, do they have a scoreboard out in the woods?

Yes.

When the bear is shitting out there.

Yeah, that's my Wayne Scotting thought a day calendar.

Oh, are we in Wayne Scotting already?

No, I'm just saying if you want to buy the.

Oh, to be in the presence of an official Wayne Scotting, I would crap my little pants.

Got our permanent David Wayne.

Your pants are incredibly little today.

Yes.

I bought these pants as kind of hopeful future pants.

You know what I mean?

I was helping to make a body weight that these pants would fit.

And I was way off Scott.

They're not little in the waist though.

They're just short.

You.

Absolutely.

They're like up to the upper thigh.

Oh, I was hoping to shrink my legs and my waistline.

And I've done neither.

Okay.

Which is what brings me on the show today.

Oh, tell us why you're on the show because it's always a pleasure to have you.

But I do enjoy the forward momentum when a guest has something to say.

So what do you want to be like that?

It's like a reason for me to be here.

I mean, I did have a half hour conversation with my friend David here.

He gave me a sclewse at one point.

Is that like a wedgie?

It was a lot.

I mean, the way he does it.

Yeah.

We were talking about Dookiee Streaks.

Oh, Dookiee Streaks.

As a reference to 1994, the amount of weeks that the Green Day album spent on the billboard charts.

Of course.

How many weeks was that?

Was that Dookiee Streaks?

No, I was talking about that team comedy from the 80s Dookiee Streaks.

Oh, yes.

See, David's an 80s guy.

You're a 90s guy.

You know, even though you're considerably older than me.

David.

Yes, but the 90s was a generation from Iro.

All of my references.

Yeah, even though you're a very full dead guy.

Yes, I love this.

Oh, Jerry.

Jerry and the boys.

This is your son.

I found more 90s references.

Yes.

The man with the most observations.

Wouldn't you say Jerry?

It's that's the thing.

If it were a sport, you'd tally up his observations and be like, he has more than any other comedian.

Jerry Garcia?

Yeah.

Well, Jerry Garcia, Jerry Seinfeld, who's observed more things is a wonderful question.

Let me ask you, what's a better television show?

Who would you rather watch?

Jerry Seinfeld?

Jerry Garcia?

Okay.

Is this Jerry Seinfeld partnered with Larry David or on his own in more of a marriage rest situation?

Yeah, more of the marriage rest situation.

So we'll cross that one off right away.

So that leaves us with Jerry Garcia and Jerry Garcia.

I would love to see a show about a pint of ice cream in his roommates.

Yeah.

So would I.

That's I think I'm giving the edge to Jerry Garcia.

And what if one of the roommates is starving and that's a little bit of drama?

Would that work David Wayne creatively?

I am not a creative guy.

I can't answer that objectively because I am very hungry.

Ah, yes.

Well, that's the thing.

A lot of people don't make television shows for people who are hungry.

That's got to be a huge untapped market.

Yeah, it is.

We've been doing a lot of studies in my office about that.

Because shows like the remake of White Hot American Summer, I'd say you have to watch that show stuffed.

Wouldn't you, David Wayne, Oh, yeah, that's going to make you so hungry if you watch that.

Well, they had a rule.

I know with that one when they released it that you had to be medium full.

Right.

Yeah.

Yes.

They would do a survey when you pressed start on Netflix and say like, Hey, when was the last time you ate?

And of course, how much water are you drinking?

It's on her system.

You could always like say, oh, I don't have a ways of checking.

They do have ways.

But you know, it's the algorithm.

There's some trust involved.

It was rated H for having had, correct?

Wait a minute.

You were going to you had a you had a thing you had to talk about.

Well, you know, Scott, I mean, it's a new year.

A lot of people bring in the new you and it's a time to consider health.

Emotional health, mental health.

Yes.

I'm glad that you're thinking about these things and bringing them to our listeners attention.

That's great.

It's such a crazy time.

Wouldn't you say Scott?

Oh boy.

I mean, I don't know why I would go that far, but I mean, you're going to go there.

Okay.

There are moments when I would go that far.

Wow.

I mean, sure, like snatches of the day here and there, but like, I mean, obviously not overall in general, but I have there was a time several months ago when I'm like, this is a crazy time.

Kind of a crazy time.

I didn't get quite there, but you're there already.

Well, I don't want to push you past your comfort zone of whether or not it's a crazy time.

For me, it's a crazy, mixed stop wild time.

Mm.

And so I've created a little book that I'd like everybody to read it again.

What does that mean?

You've written a book?

You've created a book.

What exactly?

I create the book and then my team and I write it.

Okay.

Believe me.

Yeah.

I like giving the off book people making a move.

Uh huh.

Ah, yes.

The Zack and the Jess.

Oh, you know them.

Do of the great podcast singers of our generation.

Who else do we have?

Podcast singers.

Let's see.

Rita Moreno.

Yep.

Gee, good.

Rita Moreno.

Pete Davidson sing on that new scripted podcast that shows up in my ad feed every once in a while.

I hope he does.

Well, then Pete Davidson's right up there with the.

What about who is the serial guy, Adnan or something?

Adnan, one of the great singers that was taken away before his time.

He's probably saying, right?

Yes.

Adnan does the blues, I'm sure.

I'll tell you who's a great singer, Frank Sinatra.

Oh, the old blue eyes.

People talk about his eyes all the time, but it's like, hey, my mouth is down here.

And people don't know this.

He did.

He had a podcast.

He did.

Yeah, he was the original podcaster.

But it was all like news and talk kind of stuff.

Yeah.

It's all current event stuff, which doesn't really, it doesn't have realizinability.

Right.

Was he doing kind of this Sinatra persona or was he pretty straight, straight for?

Mostly just was like reading his stuff from sub stack.

I didn't even know he had sub stack.

Oh, yeah.

No, he started.

He was super quiet about it.

Yeah.

He always was pushing his like vocal stuff and movies.

Yeah, acting in movies and his albums and stuff like that.

But he had a modest, but very profitable sub stack.

Yeah.

And it had a small, but very devoted following.

Yeah.

My note to Frank would be start spreading the news about your podcast.

Too late now, he is no longer with us.

Yeah.

Untimely, wasn't it?

It truly was.

Yeah.

Before the podcast boom.

Yes.

One of the great early deaths of our generation, Frank Sinatra.

He really gone too soon.

Yes, gone too soon.

I visited his grave.

Oh, yes.

Where's it located out there?

Joysy?

Yes, it's right on the edge of Joysy.

And my Hoboken where he was born.

Oh, would you call me?

I'm sorry.

No, Hoboken is a city where Frank Sinatra was born.

Just I would just just careful.

Sorry.

I beg your pardon.

No, I apologize.

That's that's on me.

I believe it's houseless, Ken.

As well as what you're supposed to do.

Unhouse Ken.

Yes.

Unhouse Ken, by the way.

Did you see him on your way?

Yes.

Always hanging around.

Yes, he was with, um, renting an apartment Barbie.

I'm sure there's a way to punch that up.

It's a great thing that came to me.

You're making me.

I gotta give it up.

Thank you.

Let me talk to my guys.

Let me throw it down.

Throw it down.

Throw it down to Ty.

Let me talk to my guys.

We're going to come up with something.

Yeah, get the typist on this.

Wow.

But what are you here for?

I'm here to promote my book.

What is this book?

Okay.

Bill Walton's eight simple rules for a bill, a clean bill of health and happiness.

So now you decided to create a book with Bill in the title twice.

Yes.

So everybody knows, because you ever read a book and you say, who's this by who's the author?

I have to wait till the very end where I see their photo and they're about me.

I got to say that's also great for search engine optimization.

Yeah.

SEO.

What are the great EOs of our generation from the IE?

To Captain.

Wouldn't you say it's Captain?

God, I wish they still showed Captain EO at Disneyland.

Oh, such a good time.

Well, the performances in Captain EO.

Incredible.

Doug Benson dancing in the back.

I forgot about that.

It's got a tight little suit.

That's one of the great podcast stories.

One of the great background artists of our time is segued into podcasting.

Yes, he did quite well and quite efficiently.

And he made love movies, but America loves him.

Don't always got a secret.

That's true.

That's a good point.

I've been watching too much Jim and he clicks away.

So you're sent to the tax of all your sentences now.

All right, let's shake it out and tell me about your book.

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.

And I am off the shakeout and into the description of my book.

It is just to teach people some healthy habits that I have learned from some of my unhealthy times.

And there are eight of them?

Eight simple rules for him.

Bill Alton's eight simple rules for a clean bill underlined of health and happiness.

And then you've underlined Bill.

Now does that get confusing for anyone?

Or do they, when they say they go, oh, because his name is Bill?

Yes, I am hoping that they will draw their own conclusions.

And artists...

If I were to read that, I would be like, wait, are they sending me a bill for reading this book?

I thought when I paid for the book, that was the end of our transaction.

Oh, that's not...

Read it freely.

That's never how I do it.

Really?

When I go to a bookstore, I'll take home a whole cartload of books every time.

And then I get home and then they send me the bill.

They just send you the bill.

So you're on your way out.

You're like, hey, send me the bill for these.

Put it on my tab.

Exactly.

I think you may be going to a library and not returning the books and then they're charging you for the David Way.

I can check.

Text your friend's mom about that.

Text Ben Rogers' mother, who of course, David Way.

But are each of the rules in the book then elaborated on?

Or is it a short book?

And you're out.

No, no, we go beyond the title to the simple rules of...

For example, what's the first thing we do in this crazy technological generation when we wake up, Scott?

When you wake up?

Um, I usually work out for about three hours.

Oh, and a Joe Scott argument!

This man's pecs are through the roof of the beer.

The pecs are...

I only do the pec-dorals.

Yes, we can tell that Monday through Friday is pec day.

That's what I do with my food, too, in order to stay in shape.

I know when I wake up, but the first thing I do is reach for my meditation pillow and do an hour and a half of meditation.

Okay.

You two do not need my book.

You're doing very, very well.

What do you do, Bill?

Well, I grab the old cell phone.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Start making calls.

I did.

I just heard rolling calls.

You make calls on the phone for a second of the morning when you grab it.

Just like, ah, before I even went away, this...

Just...

Who's up?

Who do I know is up here?

Hey, is this Ben's mother?

Well, you gentlemen are living in a time different from my own, because I'm checking the news.

I'm checking the...

You're checking the news.

Frankie, baby!

Oh, too soon, too soon.

Oh, I beg your pardon.

I'm still stung.

I want to apologize to the Holesanatra family.

Not to mention Gracie Allen and George.

Oh, George.

Oh.

I will on their behalf, except the apology on the behalf of the estate.

I understand what you're saying, though.

A lot of us like to pick up our devices as soon as we wake up, and it's not a good habit.

Yes.

You go to bed wondering, oh, gosh, is that person going to swipe right on me while I'm asleep?

Yes.

And then you wake up and go, did they swipe right?

Did they swipe right?

Is that what happens in the modern age?

I have no idea.

Scott, you sound like you are dating freshly and on technology.

You are looking for the swipe rights first thing in the morning.

Sure.

It's saying, did they throw it down one time on the big man, or did they swipe left?

Did they respond?

That should be your app.

You're dating app.

The bill all to throw it down on the big man app.

Scott, I've changed the reason I'm here.

It's to blow up my new dating app, throw it down one time.

Where you basically like, if you throw your phone down on the floor.

You like the person.

So you buy a brand new phone, but you show your like for the person by destroying the thing.

Well, this is the other thing that you should come, you should, you should invent is bounceable phones.

What?

Scott Ockerman.

Usually I scream when I hear a good idea, but I have been so bold over by the genius of this idea.

I mean, how many times, how many times has this happened to you, David?

You're walking along.

I'm listening.

You're out in, and you're walking on the hardest surface known to man, concrete, right?

Yeah.

And you're checking your phone, and suddenly it, it, you spray a little spritz into your hand because you want to stay moisturized.

Who doesn't?

And that makes your phone slippery, and it falls down on the ground and it cracks into.

Yeah.

In twain.

Not to mention your name.

No offense taken to you.

Yeah.

But I'll say, and yeah, a lot of the streets, especially in the towns that I visit, are made of that hard as ass concrete.

Exactly.

So it's like, let's either make phones bounceable, or streets softer.

Wow.

I feel like I'm in the presence of a politician here.

It sounds like you have a, I have a whole platform.

Yeah, it's an amazing platform.

Software streets are bouncier phones.

One or the other two.

That's going to be cheaper.

Whatever gets me there, I don't care.

Well, I would say, let's start with the bouncy phones, because then you get to do all sorts of funny things with the bouncy phone.

Don't you, Scott?

Although the softer streets, like maybe if the streets were bouncy, you could like get to work faster by like going, bowing, bowing, bowing.

I think you with the idea, an engineer to come up with the design, and then an entrepreneur to turn it out there.

Sure. And maybe your typist puts out the press release.

Meow.

Wait, what'd you say, meow?

That size.

Are you, are you, are you, you're the cat?

Oh, no, the cat is the type.

No, I forgot the cat is the dictator.

I was throwing it out there.

Every new product needs a great slogan, and I'm just going to give it a shot.

The phone that bounces around.

Yeah, I mean, has first shots go?

Throw it down one time, and that's an honestly, that's just my ass.

Like, I wasn't, I wasn't, not bad.

No, I did not plan that out.

One of the great catch phrases of all time, from it's fun to a girl and a boy to a bop it.

Hey, I've been throwing, yes, a phone that bounces around.

I love this because it creates, it combines my two favorite things.

Being on technology and the great sport of basketball.

Oh, I forgot, basketballs also bounce around.

Why don't they make the phones out of the basketballs?

And why don't they make the plane out of the black box?

I don't know, these are the questions, and the coffee table out of the coaster, etc.

Oh, the basket phone.

The basket phone, the phone that bounces around.

Now, my worry about this is people get the phone, and they think they're going to be, we're watching a kind of absurd comedy on FX, starring Zach Gelfin, actually.

Oh, that is, that's true.

He owns baskets now.

Yes.

Yeah, I'm worried about that with basketball.

I absolutely, it's one of the biggest issues facing the NBA and college basketballs.

People tune in and they say, Where's Zach?

Where's Louie as a mother that is somehow so relatable to my own mother?

I read that the NBA is probably going to shut down over this.

Yeah.

Yes, we're breaking it here first.

It's some sad news.

The NBA is kaput.

Yeah, it's hard for sure.

Right before the finals too, man.

That would have been an exciting finals.

Unless they can figure out a way for people to think of basketball without thinking of Zach Gelfin, I guess Louie Anderson in an FX comedy basket.

Not much seen basic cable show.

Well, let's not forget Martha Kelly.

Oh, Martha Kelly, we'll throw in one of the great, Kelly's.

One of the great, Martha's.

From Superman's mom to Batman's mom.

Oh my gosh.

The friends at DC Comics having a creative brain fart when making their characters mothers.

Or perhaps Martha was the mother of Jeff.

Was Jeff one of the creators of the character?

Oh, Superman or Batman?

Was it a Jeff?

You have, I believe Bill Finger with Batman and then you have Simon and Schuster?

No.

Simon and Schuster were the creators of Superman.

Segal and Schuster.

Oh, no, no, no.

It was J.K. Rowling.

Uh, oh, not too soon.

Too soon, right?

Too soon.

She of course, her career is passed.

Yeah.

And rest in pieces, J.K.'s career.

All you had to do was shut your mouth and you would have been fine.

But no, she's a blapper mouth.

Hey, I would say she's fine.

But yes.

Do you have a J.K. project in development?

I don't want to talk about it, but, ah, J.K.

David, why threw it down?

Was I with the J.K.

Yeah, I know.

Me and Justin Kirk are doing something.

Justin Kirk, wow.

Former guest on this show, maybe 10 years ago.

Bring him back Scott Ockerman.

What's this?

I showed, I love him.

I was this post-weeds pre-animal practice.

This was mid-animal practice.

We talked about the monkey a lot, as I recall.

Gone before our time, one of the great- Speaking of Zach.

From the hangover.

Two.

Same monkey.

Oh my gosh.

One of the great monkeys, wouldn't you say?

Oh, from Davey Jones to Michael Nesmith.

Rest in pieces.

All of them.

And of course, Amy from- Amy Dolens.

From She's Out of Control.

You knew you read my mind.

I don't know who that is.

And I know what you're talking about.

I'm talking about- I'm talking about- So- No.

Yes.

All kidding aside.

Okay, let's put the kidding aside.

Amy Carter was the name of the daughter of the President, Jimmy Carter.

Now this is fascinating.

You think of some President's daughters.

And you wonder what were their names?

We know Sasha and Malia, don't we?

Sure, we know Chelsea, of course.

We know Chelsea.

Who, of course, I've heard there's some stories coming out about Chelsea's dad.

That I'm wearing- Yeah, I'll put you in the loop on that.

Yeah.

Don't get me started on this one.

Oof.

Oh wait.

Who let the dog out?

Well, I worry we're getting too far away from your book.

Oh yes.

I scrapped the book out of excitement for your idea of dating app.

So- But let the- You reach for your phone.

Yes.

You reach for your phone.

So one of my first simple rule for clean bill of health.

Oh yeah, we still haven't heard the- The first rule.

Indeed.

Don't check the phone for me.

8 p.m.

I get everything.

I'm dying.

All my things done.

Why do you need a before 8 p.m.?

That's the thing.

Why do you need a phone before 8 p.m.?

There's nothing that happens before 8 p.m.

That's worth anything.

That's absolutely right.

You can't just- You can't just- It can keep till tomorrow.

If that- Except for a jeopardy.

Okay.

We'll make a jeopardy exception.

So get on that phone.

Someone has read my book.

There's the jump of the great jeopardy exception that is made for almost all of my rules.

There is a jeopardy related exception, including do not check the phone.

What you have to do at 6 p.m.?

Or maybe it's- What is do not check the phone?

No.

I wonder.

That way throw it down.

Yes sir.

Speaking of getting confused, I went to see that Ashley Judd movie, Double Jeopardy expecting to watch two episodes of Jeopardy?

Oh, instead you got four episodes of Ashley Judd killing somebody.

Oh, spoilers.

I'm sorry.

I thought it was full premise of the movie.

I apologize, Scott Erkman.

How could I ever make up to you that I spoiled Double Jeopardy?

Tell me about your second rule.

Ah, sleep.

Sleep.

Watch Dr. Sleep once a day.

Every day.

And it gets you to your- The sequel to The Shine.

You can watch any Dr. Sleep.

Is that the idea?

Oh no, there's a miscommunication of the android you and I, David Way.

Dr. Sleep, the sequel to The Shine.

Directed by Mike Flanagan, featuring Ewan McGregor as the future version of The Little Boy from The Shine.

Mm.

The best part of The Shine.

Yes.

That little boy.

Oh boy.

That's the part we all love.

Well, you know, the first shining.

What would he be like when he grew up?

I loved him so much in this one.

I'll tell you what.

We a bit tortured, Scott.

No.

That's right.

Much like his papa.

Yes, a little bit like his papa.

The trauma of his father's alcoholism affected him in a great deal.

And the metaphor of that trauma is explored so beautifully in Dr. Sleep.

Oh, okay.

So watch that one today.

One today, sleep, sleep, sleep, Scott.

Why do you say sleep, sleep, sleep if you're right to get one today?

Well, it's more like I'm trying to get in your head that this one's important.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

You've got to sleep.

That's number two or did you skip ahead to two eight?

I know.

That's number two.

Okay.

That's number two.

The second most important thing.

Number three, science says that love making can be quite good for your health and happiness.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

We will have a lot of sex.

Well, I'll take that rule and that's not a hard one to follow.

I know.

It is, you know, if you don't have anyone to do it with.

They will.

Oh, oh, there are ways.

Oh, there are plenty of ways.

I mean, you know, you can make up a mate.

Like, have you ever seen the film Castaway?

Oh, let's see.

Castaway have that white ball in it.

Yes, Wilbur.

Jim Brewer.

Oh, Jim Brewer, one of the great conservative comedians finally taking the ideas of science and common sense to task in the form of a bird.

Oh, Jim.

The one we see.

Holding up a mirror to society in ways nobody else can.

From good boy to bird and pressure, Jim Brewer.

Keep him coming, my man.

Wow.

So what were you saying about?

Well, much like the friend in Castaway.

Cast sex.

If you do not have someone to make love to in your own life, make up your own, you know?

Make up your own person to have sex with you.

Yes, I make love to my Castaway DVD once a day.

How does that work?

Cast as a...

It's got the hole in the middle.

And you figured it out, haven't you?

Scott, I whine and die in the DVD.

That's how the Hasidic Jews do it.

Yes, yes, and I've learned much of my love being tips from the Casteedium.

When I'll go down to New York or even the Fairfax area, and I'll say, how do you do it?

They'll say, please don't look at my wife at this time of day.

My cousin who lives in Pittsburgh has a thing he does where, if he's not dating someone at the moment, he'll do a sex thing where he closes his eyes, pretends he's having sex with someone, but he's actually doing it to himself with his hand.

Oh, okay.

He's imagining his hand is the touch of another.

Yes.

That's like, it's almost like the stranger, but where your hand's not asleep.

Yeah.

That Billy Joel album.

Right, yes, exactly.

I always make sure my hands are asleep when I listen to that Billy Joel album.

Every time I listen to that, my hands go right to sleep.

Oh, I'm glad Billy's hands didn't fall asleep while making that album.

Oh, can you imagine if suddenly you're like, you're hearing the most beautiful piano melody, and then all of a sudden it's like blank, blank, blank, plonk.

We'd be thinking to ourselves, this man must have had his hands fall asleep so that he can pleasure himself and imagine another doing it.

Well, I imagine what they would have done, though, is mix down that track before the final mastery.

Maybe, but what if they forgot, David?

Good point.

What if suddenly his Mrs. Billy Joel called and was like, when are you coming home for dinner, Billy?

You mean, Christy Brinkley?

Yeah, when are you coming home for dinner?

Billy, I made you a nice lasagna.

Wait, did you just play a tape of Christy Brinkley?

From the Uptown girl video?

Or are you just a great mimic?

I'm not, it could be either.

I'm not quite sure.

I'll tell you what, if that's what my wife was like, I'd be moving out.

I don't know what you mean.

I don't know.

So your third one is half sex?

Yes, with whatever you can among the house, if you don't have anything.

Are we getting to fourth through eight, I wonder?

Well, I considered making the rules less than eight, because they're not, they don't build anything, so they don't build anything, so they don't brush it.

Book is not finished, it sounds like.

Well, I'm always, it's always a work in progress.

That is an art that way.

Are you going to sell the book and then redistribute chapters after it's sold to the people?

Yes, they're always working on it.

I'm always working on the book every year.

It's a new book, you know.

The audiobook will be more rules, different rules, perhaps, we really own some rules.

Eight rules, 10 rules, 16 rules, 32 rules.

32 rules, I don't know.

64 rules, 128 rules.

What, now what's the next one?

256?

256.

Yeah, 512.

If you're going to double 128, I do believe it's actually 254.

Now, Jack's out, he's right.

He's definitely right about that.

What if the great mathematical sequence means to stop your flor.

No, I totally understand it.

If I'm ever wrong on that, and this is why I love putting out podcasts is because my favorite day is Mondays, the show comes out and you hear everything you said that was wrong.

Right.

The correct, I go around the house saying, cool up.

The corrections came in.

Now, do you release your own corrections and apologize for the- Yeah, it's heavily footnoted at the end of every podcast.

I'll go back and re-upload them and- You must do that, and you must remember this to do that.

That's because of course.

Do you have any more rules or are we done?

I feel like we can be done with this segment or I can make up more, I mean- I don't know.

My worry is that we're running out of time for this segment.

I- Yeah.

Let's try five more rules.

I'm getting a- I'm sold.

I mean, we already did- We did how many? Three of us- Three, so let's go for five.

So we're going to do five more?

Rule number four.

You got a shower.

Okay.

Rule number five.

Throw it down, big man!

Dunk a basketball once a day, no matter the size of the hoop, the height of the hoop, the height of your little light- Height of the basketball.

Size of the basketball.

I always think about doing that, but I feel like my hoop's not big enough, but you're saying you don't worry about it.

David Wayne, first of all, I'd say you can- You can dunk on whatever hoop you want to.

I've seen your hops, I've seen your athleticism.

I'd say dunk on whatever hoop you prefer.

Thank you, sir.

What about a deflated basketball?

Is that okay to dunk?

Well, then it's easier to pull.

If you have tiny hands, weak hands, or arthritic hands, Scott Ocherman.

So yes, I will allow it.

Okay, fantastic.

So that's rule five.

Rule number six.

Eat a healthy meal once in a while.

Once in a while.

Okay.

You gotta eat a healthy meal once in a while, and there's real pleasure in cooking your own meal.

I myself will melt a little cherry Garcia over a slice of chicken.

That sounds delicious.

Oh, chicken oligarcia.

The name implies that it would be a little more exotic or something, but it's just cherry Garcia melted over chicken.

It's got ochman.

Why do chefs kiss their hands like that?

I've wondered that.

No, I was wondering that earlier.

Wow, we're on the same page on the chef's kiss.

We're really all making me hungry.

I gotta go to Mickey D's and get my tuna nude.

Yeah.

Now, which Mickey D's are we hitting today?

Is it the one by the kitchen?

Are we going to be going more towards Fletcher for our Mickey D's by the two?

Very specific.

Or Mickey D's to get to, of course, because that stoplight is tough if you're making a less kind of argument.

So tough.

Such a strange stoplight, strange intersection.

But to get to the beautiful glass all park, it is absolutely worth it.

Absolutely.

Rule number seven.

Check out your nearest McDonald's.

Find out the one you prefer best, because some of them won't give you your fries hot or your sandwich cold.

And it's not always the closest one to you.

Tis not my dear Scott.

Thank you.

Yes.

All right.

And we have one more rule.

Is that right?

I gotta just say, that's why I always order the McDLT.

So I get the hot side hot and the cold side cold.

True.

It's a good deal.

And what's the D stand for?

D light for.

Oh, yum, yum, yum, yum.

I thought it was the McDTF.

Is that not?

Is that not what it is?

Ooh.

I think that you might want to erase that.

Oh, oh, yeah.

I'm sorry.

Can we rewind this tape?

No, we don't.

DTF in this.

We broke the rewind button.

In the kids, DTF stands for double time fuck you.

Oh, what?

Oh, two middle fingers straight up to the man.

And rule number eight, of course, Scott Ockerman.

Make a to-do list every morning, every night.

Every morning and every night.

You would think the one from the night before we'd carry over into the next day.

No, before bed, you're like, sleep all night.

David, wait, have you read my book?

He has to think back me right.

I read the galleys.

I don't know what that means.

The early...

Have you seen that show early edition?

About the news, but it's kind of like in your face.

It gets delivered the day before.

No, like...

Oh, inside edition is what I'm thinking of.

Yes.

No, early edition is about the man who had...

I guess it's not a superpower as much as a weird thing that happened to him, but he would go outside.

He would wake up in the morning.

Instead of checking his phone, he'd open the door.

There'd be tomorrow's paper, and he would read all the bad things that were happening to people, and he'd go around trying to stop him.

And then the real irony of it is, the next day's paper, the next day he would get it, and it wouldn't say like, Guy saves life or anything like that.

It would just be like more bad shitty idea to go saw.

All he wanted was a feature in the paper, and he never got one that he's got, I'm not sure if it was.

That's the Twilight Zone irony of it all.

What if that guy got quantum leaked?

Yes.

And that is a great idea, David.

Yes, when no one would ever know how things in history would change, if that one thing changed.

Good point.

Well, Bill, this is a good book.

Thank you very much, I fear.

It's not the good book, like the Bible.

No, it's not the King James Bible as it's got, Ocarim.

Is that what the great divisions of the Bible?

What are the great things that King James ever did?

And one of the great, great kings from Ralph to...

LeBron James, I was thinking of basketball, my favorite.

Of course, that orange ball, so you bring it right back around.

Well, where were you going to say you worry about something?

I just worry that I revealed the entire context of my novel, but...

That's okay.

But everyone knows what happens in Moby Dick, and yet we still discuss it on a daily basis.

What does happen in Moby Dick?

And we still...

I always end up buying another copy of that thing.

Yeah, it's like, what happens in this?

Now, let me get one more copy.

Send me the bill.

Wait, but you know...

And the great writer of that book didn't even know it was a good book until after he died.

Did you know this story?

I didn't know that.

I mean...

He thought it was shit.

Nobody liked it.

He thought it was shit.

Yes.

I mean, can you...

And Hitelstein has proven him right.

Can you imagine you write the most incredible opening line in novel history?

It just hooks you right in.

Call me Ishmael.

Oh my God, I got to know more about this guy.

Like, what's his last thing?

He never gets into it.

That's a thing.

He's never like...

You're waiting 600 pages, then finally at the end he's like Ishmael Johnson.

Wow.

All right, well, we have to take a break, Bill.

I hope that's okay.

When we come back, we have a concerned mother on the show.

Oh, wow.

I hope it's not my mother.

No, I hope not.

You're a regular father.

We spoke to your show once.

We spoke to your son on the show.

Yes, Luke Walton, of course, and his disgusting little voice.

Hey, Scott.

Yes.

I know you said we have to take a break, which I, of course, understand.

Yeah.

But you did ask if it was okay with him and I didn't get an answer yet.

Oh, yeah.

Is it okay with you, Bill?

Oh, wow, it's all, wow, it's all, wow, it's all, wow, it's all, wow.

Thank you, David Wayne, for considering my opinion.

What a nice guy.

All right.

Well, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have a concerned mother.

We'll have more of Bill Walton.

We'll have more with David Wayne, and Wayne Scotting is coming up.

And we're going to want to hear this.

You're going to want to stick around for this.

We'll be right back to go.

Company, bank, bank, bank, bank.

We're back.

David Wayne of Wayne Scotting fame is here.

And that's coming up a little later on the show, of course.

Hi.

And you know his catchphrase.

Hi.

He said that in everything he's ever done.

And this is no exception.

I'm glad you got that in.

Thank you so much for saying it.

Do you want to say it again?

Just give it another read.

Hello.

This is David Wayne and the evening news.

Not bad.

Very good.

A very different catchphrase, but still fascinating here.

Still just as good.

We also have Bill Walt is back here.

Happy to be here, Scott, in the presence of greatness.

That's right.

We're in the backyard.

And of course, a plane is flying overhead.

Have you ever taken a plane trip, Bill?

Oh, Scott, I'm going to have some fun.

I ask you because I know your voice is loud enough to overcome the plane.

I'm so glad you asked, Scott.

I have taken a plane trip more than once.

It's a lot.

In the band, the basket with the world, a basketball.

You have to take plane trips very frequently to travel to play the other teams.

Boy.

Before planes were commonplace, before plane trips were commonplace, would they just drive there, I guess?

They are on the old tour bus.

Yes, they would take the bus from place to place.

And all the stories we had on the tour bus.

Man, I can't imagine.

Yes, I'm not mine to share, unfortunately.

Oh, really?

Adam McKay's on the great Showtime television show on HBO about the Showtime Lakers.

I don't support the show.

Magic Johnson has come out against it.

Oh, yeah, and also Will Ferrell is not casting it.

That's a heartbreak.

Isn't it heartbreaking to imagine those two men having that fall out over such a thing?

Over the Lakers.

Yes.

Man.

I want to see that Showtime series about the dark history of HBO.

Oh, man.

Showtime's taking down HBO.

Yeah.

I get it.

Second podcast.

How did I miss that?

It's about time.

Stores and stars is doing cinemax.

People are going to get their due.

Who's that?

Oh, I think our next guest.

Am I coming on a little early?

Oh, I'm sorry.

No, that's quite all right.

We you've been waiting to come on the show.

This is our next guest.

Yeah.

I want to thank you.

I want to thank you so much Scott for having me.

My name is Amber Bolt.

Oh, yeah.

I was going to introduce you.

What is it?

Oh, please?

Yeah.

Oh, do you want me to say it or do you want me to say it or do you want me to say it or do you?

Yeah, you.

My name is Amber Bolt.

Amber Gregardens is my name, made a name if you remember.

Oh, Amber Bolt is your.

Bolt is my married name.

Bolt like the dog.

Bolt like, yes, like the Disney dog.

Yes.

Yeah.

The Miley Cyrus.

The voiced.

She voiced it, right?

Miley Cyrus voice without.

She was on the voice and then she also does a voice.

It's like for Bolt.

It's getting confusing.

It's like what am I watching?

You know, I feel like it's like that Ashley Judd movie, Double Jeopardy.

It's very, very similar.

I've already spoiled the movie once for Scott, but I have to step in and say that's not what that movie is like.

It's about a, I can't say it, but it's about a woman.

That alone is a spoiler.

I'm sorry.

It's about a woman is saying it's not about that is a spoiler for me.

I mean, it obviously can't be about a doctor because it's about a woman, but.

Who's got?

I have something to tell you off the air about.

Okay, please do it off the air because we have to get to our guest.

Amber Bolt is here.

You say you're, why'd you mention your maiden name?

Oh, well, because some people do know me by my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my name.

Oh, they, Amber, what did you say it was?

Amber Gregardons.

Gregard, Gregardons.

No, I heard the Amber part.

You have to keep repeating that.

Well, it sort of goes together.

You know, it's a bit like a.

Oh, I'm sorry.

No, is it one.

It's, it's, are you.

No, it's two nights is the first and the last.

Oh, but they, I mean, Amber Gregardons.

Well, because there are a lot of Ambers out there, but they're not that many Amber Gregardons.

Sure.

Yeah.

No, that's true.

Yeah.

Does, is there even another one?

Amber, Tiffany Amber Theason.

Oh, no, no.

I don't mean a different Amber.

I've known.

The same.

No, I, and I do know who Tiffany Amber Theason is, but Amber Gregardons.

Oh, well, there is another Amber Gregardons in my organization.

Oh, there is.

Yes.

Oh, which brings me to my organization.

Well, and there's also Tiffany's the, the store in New York Tiffany's.

Sure.

You can have breakfast there sometimes.

What about that?

So you, so you, you, you, you, you, you have an organization with another person named Amber Gregardons.

Well, there are several mothers in my organization.

Oh, okay.

Is this, is this a concerned mother's organization?

It is.

Is it like mothers against drunk driving or?

Exactly.

Scott, I'm here on behalf of Mufft, which stands where mothers united for fun, exciting dances.

Oh.

And that sounds like something I can get behind.

I mean, I don't want to call anybody a pervert.

But I think you're going to regret the phrasing of words in a second.

Oh, I can get behind it.

Well, do you know, I'm talking about young children dancing?

And do you know what I'm specifically here to talk about?

It's something that I have noticed, which is that anytime my two daughters, six and four, are their ages, respect.

Six and four are their ages, respect.

Oh, so your two, so your two daughters respectfully, respectfully, six and four, Adina and Tadeefa, six and four, respect.

Adina and Tadeefa.

Tadeefa.

Adina Afell.

And Tadeefa Albright.

Tadeefa Albright.

All these are their middle names, the second name.

Fail and Albright named after the two great women in my life.

And are their last names, greek gardens or?

That's my maiden name.

They never had the pleasure of experiencing me as a maiden.

Did you marry someone named Bolt?

Yes.

Okay.

Bow bolt.

Okay.

Bill bolt.

Bow bolt.

His name is bow.

In other words.

Bow.

Great.

Bow supports me.

Oh, great.

I didn't.

It supports me.

Great.

I mean, it supports me and my daughters.

But that's great.

Yeah, but yeah.

Our daughters in our endeavors.

And I just want to say I was not expecting to come on this podcast today with so many athletes and a director.

Wow.

I think you guys will understand what I say.

Who are the athletes and who are the directors?

Who are the directors?

Who are the director?

Talking about balls.

Talking about some balls over here.

That's right.

I'm athletic.

I mean, we're all athletes in our right, aren't we?

And I'm of course directed at the project.

You're a Pac-Man, by the way.

How could you Pac-Man?

Oh, yeah.

Not Mrs. Pac-Man.

So you have a beautiful book there.

So muffed.

Thank you.

Muffed.

Yes.

My daughters are athletes.

And what they do is athletic.

And what- There's six and four, is that we said?

Respectively.

And what I find frustrating is that when my daughters go out there and do their thing, oftentimes people will say that what they're doing is too sexual.

Okay.

And then I just want to say, how is my daughter, my daughters, six and four, respectfully?

How are they being sexual?

They don't even know what being sexual is yet.

You know, the six year old has some ideas because she's seen some things.

But the four year old now, she doesn't even know what a blowjob is.

She doesn't even know what a back door, a reach around.

She doesn't know what a circle jerk is.

She doesn't even know what I ain't a liz.

Do your daughters listen to comedy bang bang?

Because they may be getting a little education here.

Well, they are allowed to listen, but only after 10 p.m.

Oh, okay.

And that's their time.

So wait, wait, so this is like, what was that Netflix show, kiddies?

What was it?

The one where there's the dancing?

That French cinema.

I love any French film like that.

I don't remember what it's called, the kids.

Well, it's not that kind of French film.

I don't want to call anybody a pervert.

She did not come on this show wanting to call people perverts.

No, I did not.

I noticed.

I don't want to call anybody a pervert, but if you keep insinuating to these sort of French films.

Can I say Amber, you've described a bunch of words your daughters don't know.

Why would you have to specify they don't know a reach around us?

That is not a dance look like a reach around people.

I noticed that they've been getting some docking.

Their points have been getting docked because...

They've been getting some docking?

They've been...

Exactly.

I mean, I don't want to call anybody a pervert, but that is, you know, where the mind goes.

So there are points in dancing.

There are points in it.

Are your daughters putting their dances up on the internet on TikTok or something?

Oh, their athletes are going everywhere.

They're doing the competitions, the world of dance.

They're doing, you know, dance your pants off.

Dance your pants off.

Of course, you know, they did the pageant circuit.

They did Little Miss Alabam South by Northwest.

Oh my god, that's an amazing pageant.

Pageant, yeah.

Yeah, so they've done all of this.

This is the circuit.

They've done the circuit.

That's what I'm saying.

And so, you know, if my daughter wants to do a little pot of burette, Shasse, and then turn around and spread her butt cheeks, that's not sexual.

That's my daughter being an athlete and expressing her sale.

What?

Okay, so your daughter is doing the typical...

I heard the typical dance move, the pot of burette.

A pot of burette?

That is a very...

It's like a potty do, but it's a pot of burette.

Exactly, yeah.

Yeah, a pot of do.

Then the part right after that, I wonder...

I wonder exactly why did your daughter get the urge to bend over and spread her butt cheeks?

It's choreography style.

Okay.

But who choreographed it that way?

Is that...

I don't want to get too delicate, but you're saying she spreads her naked butt cheeks?

Well, she is in her dance uniform.

She's in her dance briefs, which by the way, some people call a thong, but I'm sorry, that's just what my daughters like to dance in.

They're athletes.

Would you expect them to wear a turtleneck for their legs instead?

You mean leg warmers.

That's what turtleneck's for leg.

Yeah, sure, but going all the way up to the neck.

A turtleneck for the leg all the way up to the neck.

From the ankles to the neck.

Okay, that, I mean...

Would you like them to be fully covered?

It's not the worst idea I've ever heard.

I mean...

It is a bad idea, Scott.

Look, I think your daughter should be free to express themselves.

I've just worried like, who's choreographed?

Who's choreographing this?

Who's dressing them?

Well, I and the mothers are muffed.

So you have an organization of mothers who all feel the same way?

Is that...

No, it's mothers...

United.

Mothers United.

So yeah, so you are united.

We're united.

Who are the other?

So you all feel the same way?

Who are the mothers other than yourself?

That wasn't the acronym.

That's what I was trying to say.

Oh, well, there's Amber, which is me, and then there's Amber, which is the other.

And that's Amber Gregardins.

Well, the other Amber Gregardins.

Right, and do you guys...

Did you know each other before Muff?

Well, we're twins.

Oh, wait, you're twins.

I see.

So you and your twin sister are the two mothers that are feeling that...

Well, there's another set of twins there as well.

Oh, who's that?

Tapioca and Taffy.

Oh, okay, very similar.

Conglamity.

Conglamity, okay.

So it's two sets of twins, so four people in this organization.

Yes, yes.

And you all have...

Collectively 12 children.

You have 12 children.

Okay, so you have two.

Respectfully.

12 children.

So you have two of the 12.

Yes.

The other three take up the other 10.

Yes.

Not equally, because that would be impossible.

Are you crying?

Yes, that way.

Maybe she's on the toilet.

Did you suddenly go on the toilet?

I hope not, because we're in my backyard.

I do a lot of things at once.

No, you're a multi-dance.

A mother is a multi-dance.

Very Gen Z.

From the day that she was born a mother.

Right, yeah.

Meaning...

A lot of people don't like...

It's like you have a baby, and then suddenly it's that baby's birthday.

No, it's your birthday as a mother.

I wish my mother Martha, by the way.

Happy birthday.

Martha is your mother too?

Martha is my mother.

What a great Martha!

Oh my gosh, that's a third Martha we've heard of in one day!

Amazing!

Incredible.

Can I say, because nothing silences a man like me more than the fear of being accused of being a pervert.

But I gotta say, I go to dance competitions to watch these four to six-year-olds do well choreographed, efficient...

Kickball change.

Put your finger in your mouth.

Go, pull it out.

Oh, I don't know what that last part is.

Whoa, pull one out.

Pull one out of what?

Jazz hands, jazz hands.

Give me a five, six, seven, eight, and then maybe get down on your knees and bob your head a little bit like you're giving a blowy.

Okay, I don't know about this.

This is...

See, in your choreographing this?

Mothers are choreographing this.

What...

You four mothers, you four...

You two sets of twins.

It sounds like you four years when it sounds like a...

Yeah!

Which is not only for mature audiences.

Exactly right.

It's one of those pornographies.

When I go see a dance show, I want to see tiny people doing the same things that big people do equally as well.

Well, I'm with you.

You know?

I'm with you there.

Now, are you?

When I go to a dance show, I want to see tiny people.

Exclusively.

I think if we wanted to see big people, we'd be watching basketball, we'd be watching...

That's the thing.

They're...

College ball.

You have basketball on the one end of the spectrum.

You have dance competitions for four to six-year-olds on the other end of the spectrum.

Those are the two types of shows.

Those are the two body types that we like to watch.

That's right.

I'm just...

Hamilton right in the middle.

Right.

And perfectly in the middle as well.

That's a great sweet spot musical isn't it, Hamilton.

A little bit of big people, a little bit of little people.

Well, what I loved about...

I know what I loved about Hamilton when I went there.

I was like, everyone in it is not like super huge or really small.

Well, that's the thing is, I usually...

I like to go see something with really huge people.

And they were really tiny.

And then when I went to see Hamilton, they all came out on stage and I was a little like, huh?

Right.

But then I was like, oh my god.

You get used to it.

You get used to it and you're like, that person is the size that that person should be.

Yes.

And you go straight down the line.

You're like exactly as tall as they should be, exactly as tall as they should be.

And it's just like it really recalibrates your way of thinking.

I saw the band's visit and that piece of crap miscast everyone's body size by a mile.

I also have to say, I think that their costumes were a little bit restrictive.

You know, just in general when I went to go see Portia Loop.

I wanted to see more of that monk.

You wanted to see some monk neck.

I wanted to see a little monk ankle.

Want costumes in general to be revealing, it seems to me.

Yeah.

I want them to be not restrictive.

Okay.

Amber alert, a dance bell looks like a thong.

You shouldn't say Amber alert.

What?

You're talking about yourself.

Why not?

Scout, I came first.

Amber, can I ask you a question?

Do you have your own history of doing dance yourself?

Yeah. I mean, I think that's a little bit why people, I mentioned my maiden name earlier.

You know, I did the circuits when I was younger.

I had dolly ounces with Wolf Blitzer, Kenneth Chanel, a major credit card company guys.

And we danced, we danced.

Wow.

Incredible.

I mean, what a history.

Yeah, I was on the scene of on the second.

Are you talking about you did like swing dance competition?

Or is it was a lap dancing?

Oh, me and Kenny Chanel.

Well, we would tour.

Kenny Chanel.

Wow.

We would dance and talk about pulling out a name.

That's a deep cut.

Well, he's on our checks.

No, so, you know, America's checks.

Is that Robin?

Anyway, had some good times with both of them.

Kenny's a great dancer.

No one does a reach around like Kenny, which is of course a partner dance.

It's a hand-to-hand move.

That's when, you know, one person is in the front and the person is in the back.

No, we know what I mean.

I mean, I'm picturing it.

The minute you said reach around, I pictured it in my mind just immediately.

Well, that's a square dance tradition, the reach around.

Yeah, it's like an all-amond left.

Reach around your partner and grab his cock.

Exactly.

Now, I don't want to call anybody a pervert here, but we are referring to a rooster.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, I mean, that's square dancing.

That's why it's on the farm, of course.

I mean, unless, of course, we're talking about adults here.

I don't say this, Amber, but before we were on the air, you showed me some videos of your daughter's dancing.

That's right.

It's not even that their dances are a little adult.

Your daughter's sucking dancing.

They're off time.

The choreography is bad.

That's your major issue with what she's talking about.

I mean, if, change, because she's coming at us like, this is artistic, this reach around.

Oh, I hate it.

The dancing is awful.

They hurry out of time.

And I'm out of time when I watch it.

I said, I got to go, because this is bad dancing.

I mean, I think if that were the issue, if that were the concern, then the judges would be saying things like, oh, bad syncopation.

Are they saying that?

No, but the only reason they're not saying it is, because the judges are out of time and they had to go.

You just said his joke.

How to consider that.

Do you think these people are not staying for the end?

The big finish, if you will, for the dance?

What is the big, I hate to ask you this, but what is the big finish?

Okay, well, basically after the pizza guy comes.

The boss, how do you cast the pizza in the dance?

Oh, it's whoever, whoever and who's backstage.

Oh, okay.

Just you just recruit whoever's backstage.

Best feet backstage.

Stage hands.

Do you ever play the pizza guy?

I have.

I have a feeling.

Ever since I had people are asking, you know, when are you going to come back, play the pizza game?

Okay, what are you doing?

Right, right.

I'm quite glad to be here.

And some of the videos you show me, the pizza guy kind of takes up a lot of time and, and he's a guy as a model.

Yeah.

Just 16 bars.

Well, have you guys seen the beginning of dirty dancing?

Who asked you?

Weirdly enough, I did last week Scott has seen.

Scott has seen that one.

Well, the there.

And I believe my co-host on the show watched it last week as well.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Well, how about that?

Interesting.

So, and did you watch it recently?

No, I was going to inform you that I'm in the credits.

Oh, you are.

I'm in the opening credits.

The opening credits.

Yeah.

You know the people dancing?

Yeah, the dirty dancers.

The dirty dancers.

Yeah.

You're in that.

You're one of the dirty dancers.

So anyway, so when they saw me being the pizza guy, you know, they were like, oh, bring back the woman from the credits of dirty dance and doing the dirty dancing.

Which one are you, which, specifically which one?

I'm the woman who it looks like she should be shaking it up, but instead she's shaking it down.

I know that one.

Ooh.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

She's shaking it down, but I'm like, she should be shaking it up.

Same anymore.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I got to say, I'm the one who's muffed here.

What?

This has never happened before.

I know.

I'm usually a drove you happy man, but I, you know, you're, look at you.

You're a muffed as hell.

I'm muffed as hell and I'm not going to take it anymore, Amber.

The art of young kids dancing is a time honored tradition.

It is sacred.

I don't know why this man is getting up in my face about this.

Yeah.

I'm not sure why you're standing here like a chest to chest with her.

Well, because I'm ready to throw.

I'm ready to throw.

All right, Amber.

Oh, get your hand off my hand.

Basketball players are always looking for a free throw.

I will take you up to about 10 feet away from the hoop.

I'll roll you up and do a little ball.

I'll drip you three times, take a deep breath and try to throw you in.

Oh, you think that's a threat?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, I'm on my hand on your hip right now.

I'm ready to dip you dip you dip you dip.

Oh my God.

Now they're just dancing.

What is happening?

This is like a first date dialogue.

I don't know what's going on right now.

You're getting a little close.

I fail a little poke coming through.

Watch me lead.

Oh, I'm watching back.

Lean back.

I'll just pull up my pants.

Thank you.

Okay.

Now do the rock away.

Okay.

It's like, stand up and I'm going to do a good choreographer.

And you know some moves.

Obviously you're teaching it like Bill Walton.

I mean, this is like dancing with the dang stars.

Oh, I feel like they wouldn't let me on that show.

And here I am doing a great dance.

Oh, that was incredible.

Well, well, not in the basketball court is its own dance.

Oh, I mean, I would liken it to a dance in elegant ballet almost.

David Wayne, I could cry at the compliment.

Thank you so much.

Oh my gosh.

It's like the back pain never came with a compliment like that.

Thank you so much.

So you obviously can dance, Amber.

Why are you teaching your kids to do these types of things?

I don't want to call you a pervert again, but it's just dance moves.

You're the one that's putting some kind of freaky sexual connotation.

You're going to move the blowing.

Well, because we're amongst adults here, I don't tell my daughters get down on your knees and give a sloppy job.

So how do you?

Yeah, what's the length of your age?

How do you say it to your daughter?

I say, get down on your knees.

OK, it's very similar up to this point.

Almost identical, I would say.

Pick someone in the crowd to make meaningful eye contact with.

Yeah, this is making it worse, I feel like.

Now, what you're going to do is get your tongue ready.

Oh, God.

Get that mouth wet.

Hmm.

Because you're going to need a lot of saliva for the dance move you're about to do.

This is worse.

This is way worse.

How is I'm just getting my daughters ready?

I mean, these are good instructions.

And I think it's a good dance instruction, get that mouth wet.

I tell you what, I'm coming out of this finally knowing how to give a blow job.

But I don't want to know if we're a six-year-old does that.

I'm not telling my daughter respectfully, six or four respectfully.

I'm not telling my daughters to give blow jobs.

I'm saying get that mouth ready for the dance move, which is going to involve, you know, moving that neck.

It's going to involve, you know, your hands getting the hands involved, sort of juggling motion.

You're going to be on your knees for a long time.

Again, I finally know how to give a blow job.

I'm actually learning a lot.

Like static to know.

But this is bad for children.

This is the issue.

What?

This is a disconnect here.

We're having a disconnect.

It definitely is a disconnect because I think your brain is disconnected from your, from your head or something.

Oh my God, God, God, I went there.

I feel like I'm being attacked.

Your brain is just connected from your head.

Oh my God.

Oh yeah, I don't often say that about guests, but I think you're crazy.

Oh, she well, God damn.

Oh, well, that damn.

Yeah, I don't like to say this.

I have a lot of restraint when it comes to this show over the years, but you are out of your dang mind.

You want to tango crazy, man.

What a wamper, Frisk.

Oh my God.

Remember how weird dancing.

That's right.

Take this rose.

On the mud left.

That's right.

People, James.

Dip, dip, come in, dip, come in.

Well, when I dip, you dip.

And spin your partner around and round.

And it's a left hand star.

Oh my God.

What'd you think about that?

That was incredible.

Thank you.

Now your mouth is so wet.

Exactly.

And your neck.

And see, if I don't tell my daughters this kind of thing, they're just going to come into real life.

They're going to get to college, have their first sexual experience at the age of 21.

Yeah.

And it'll just be bad.

I think you're right.

It'll be bad.

That was incredible.

You know, sometimes in life, small scales can lead to larger scales.

Yeah.

Dancing is akin to many things.

It's a gateway.

Dancing is a good gateway.

Wow.

That was incredible.

I just got smoking a cigarette, ordering Chinese food on postman's.

How soon do you think this could get here?

I really hate tension.

So I am so glad we resolved that.

I really did not want to have to call you a pervert.

Yeah.

Ever since you walked out, there's been just too much tension.

I'm glad we got that.

I really want to throw Amber a little bone here if we could.

Hey, I had my chance.

You go for it.

I know that there's probably people out in the audience who will want to support what you're doing.

Thank you.

And perhaps join.

You don't want to join Mufft.

Either join or give money or otherwise just stay in touch.

Some sort of support, at least, a word of mouth.

Is there a way that you can say that the audience can, if they go online or is there an email that you have, a phone number, whatever it is, that you'd like to tell us all so that people who are out there can get in touch with you and get a sense of what it is that you are doing.

I wonder how long you can stretch this out.

What a great description of a website from David Wayne right now.

You know, of course, we have YouTube channels that you can follow us on our YouTube channel.

We have direct URLs.

We also have a hotline that's 1-800-HOT-YONGS.

Hot-YONGS?

OK.

No-O.

Just YO.

Is it with the Z?

No, the hot has no.

The hot has no-O.

Oh, so it's just hot?

That, yeah.

Hot-YONGs.

Hot-YONGs, OK.

Yeah.

That's our phone call number.

OK, phone call number, great.

All right.

If you want to call and give us a phone call, of course our URL, we've got muffed.uporn.com.

This is, I mean, you know what?

What else?

Where else can you reach us?

We're all indeed.

I feel like that's good.

Those are two great places.

I didn't know U-Port was doing hosting.

I think that's huge.

Well, I mean, there's a lot of money in hosting sites.

Yes, a lot of traffic coming through there.

Definitely.

I didn't know either.

I was excited to take them up on this opportunity.

You know, they reached out to me after they saw our last dance number.

It was actually a duo, the two girls.

Adina and Afelda.

I own the six and four.

Afelda?

Like from Wicked or?

Afelda, like short for Afeldaown.

Oh.

Like Adina, too much on food and then Afeldaown.

Exactly.

All right.

We've got it.

Oh, this guy.

I think we're finding some common ground here.

Well, wonderful.

You know, I think we overcame our differences and I overcame as well.

Yeah.

Amber Bolt.

Wonderful to have you on the show.

I just want to say I appreciate you giving us the chance to know how to get in touch.

Yeah.

That's perfect.

We are running out of time though on the show.

I'm so sorry.

Fuck!

No, but we have one final feature on the show, Bill.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Plug me, baby.

I know you want to plug me good.

Plug me, baby.

Like a good woman or a man should.

It doesn't matter what you say.

It doesn't matter that your father's in account.

Plug away.

Plug me good.

Oh, I like it.

Sexy.

That was John Crane with plugs.

I just had some ideas for some dance moves after that song.

Plug me good.

I think we're going to talk with the girls tonight.

Okay.

I was like working those moves out over there and I do not think you should teach the girls.

Yeah.

I'm talking with the girls tonight too.

Again, it's not sexual when a child does it.

What do you get all of it?

Okay.

What does that mean to you, David?

You're talking to the girls?

It just means I'm heading over to the club and I'm going to talk to some of the girls.

Oh, great.

All right.

Wonderful.

Well, that's where David can be tonight.

Anything else you want to plug, David?

You know what coming up is the show Murderville on Netflix.

Oh, what's that?

Netflix.

On Netflix.

It's a show that is starring Will Arnett about a, and there's a celebrity guest every episode who doesn't know what's going on, has not seen the script, has no clue what's happening.

And it's like a who done it and they just have to follow along, figure it out.

Okay.

And you have something to do with this?

I'm going to be in the first episode.

You're in the very first episode.

How about that?

It's a very funny show.

Okay.

Murderville coming up.

That's incredible.

Bill Walton, what do you want to plug?

Oh, I guess if you really come down to it, I would rather swim in an ocean.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.

That's what you rather.

That's a totally different feature that we do on the show.

We ran out of time for it this week.

We usually do it every single week, but unfortunately, we don't have enough time for it.

We're doing plugs, right?

I'm so sorry.

Yeah.

Fuck.

Man, you're really hard on yourself today.

What a damn dummy I was just now.

Scott Ockermann, it's been a tough day.

I haven't followed.

Get eight.

Bill Walton's eight simple rules for a clean bill of health and happiness.

And of course, you can check out the Mandoc pod.

It's the Improv and Conversation podcast or BigGrande website.com for the sketchy and improv group Big Grande.

They'll be releasing a live improv show that they did recently.

Oh, OK, that's fantastic.

Big Grande.

Big Grande website.com.

Website.com.

And of course, for you year round horror fans, check out paranormal activity on Paramount Plus.

Oh, man.

So next up, Ken.

Next up, Ken, yes.

Thank you.

Nothing better than being February and just turning on a scary movie.

Why don't you scare your Valentine this year?

Scared the shit out of your loved ones.

Amber, Amber Bolts.

That's rad.

Thank you.

Amber Bolts.

Would you like to plug?

I would just like to plug my dancewear line.

Vixen's, fixen's.

It's tiny clothes for tiny girls.

Oh my god.

Vixen's, fixen's.

And yeah, we make dancewear, danceline.

Yeah.

And of course, I did not birth my two baby angels.

Did not rip my cooch from Booch to Slooch.

Boy, that's a wide swag.

From Belly to Nelly.

Just so they would be scored poorly at these dance concerts.

So let's get the scores up.

Right, your con.

If you're listening out there and you're a dance judge for dancers between the ages of four and six, let's get those points up.

Respectfully.

Please get those points up from all fields to underpants.

I want to plug, first of all, my sister podcast, Three-dom.

Every Thursday, of course, that's Paul F.

Tomkins and Lauren Lapkis and myself.

You can hear that anywhere podcast.

Three superstars of podcasts.

The superstars of podcast.

Three people who would be on Mount Podmore.

Right after Adnan, the aforementioned Adnan, and Adam Curry.

And who else would be on that?

Adam Corolla.

Adam Corolla, of course.

I don't know.

Ira Glass.

Ira Glass put him up there and a regular Corolla.

Sam Harris.

Yes, one of the Corolla.

Sam Harris singing over the rainbow.

Like when you got to Mount Rushmore, it's like, okay, yeah, they look like those presidents, but do they sing?

Right?

Scott trying to audition for David.

Great premise.

Trying to audition for this movie.

But also over at CBB World, we have some great stuff.

Entre P. Newer has her own show.

It's Entre P. Newer's entrepreneur tour with appetizer P.

Newer.

That was a very funny episode.

Oh, I want to hear that.

CBB presents.

It was very funny.

On Scott Asnstein, I just watched the aforementioned dirty dancing, and we talked to Sprague and I talked to Gillian Jacobs about that.

And some really good stuff happening over there, including the Andy Daily Podcast Project.

We just had a great bananas for Bonanza with Werner Herzog dropped by and talked about an episode of Bonanza.

So some really good stuff over there.

Head over to CBBWorld.com.

You can subscribe monthly, or if you subscribe for a year, you get two months free.

All right, let's- Can you not end it?

I just really want to say- Yeah, what do you got?

The important.

When you go to a hotel and they're like, oh, it's $99 for the night.

You're like, oh, great.

I'll take that.

Sure.

Then you go to the desk and it's like, oh, plus taxes and like- Resort fee.

Extra charge for this.

Charge that.

Yeah.

And at the end of the day, it's going to be like $125 before you're at- For your up and doing.

Yeah.

What the hell?

How about that?

Good plug.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much.

You open up the plug bag.

We're opening up the plug bag.

Open up that plug bag.

You open up your heart for the rest of the world.

Talking open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag as high as you can.

Then you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

Wow.

I'll play that one again.

Really good.

That was a rud ruse with open up your heart.

That sounded like the killers or something.

That was pretty incredible.

It sounded so much better than when we actually did that.

And you could barely hear the small chat robot there in the back saying, oh no.

Did anyone say, oh no today?

I'm keeping track.

Oh no, nobody did.

Oh well.

Guys, I want to thank you, David Wayne.

God, we didn't have time for Wayne Scotting.

So much fun every time though.

So much time, but we'll get to Wayne Scotting next time.

Yes, that's that.

I'm going to do a new podcast, Wayne Scotting.

Yes, we should do one.

Okay.

And Amber Bolt, Nay, Greetings.

Greetings.

Thank you.

Who has the same name as your twin?

My twin.

So silly of Martha really.

I mean, she never got married.

Martha never got married.

Martha never got.

Oh, your mother, Martha never got.

Oh, sorry.

I thought you're trying to bring up a traumatic, a dark moment for my family.

No, Martha never got married.

But no, Amber.

No, we don't want to bring, but Amber did get married.

Who did she marry?

But she married a man whose last name is Greetings as well.

Oh, okay.

So it's not related though.

Not related.

Well, I don't know.

I haven't done my 23 and me.

Yeah, you guys are dude 23, 24, like any number old.

Whatever it takes.

Yeah, whatever it takes to get you there.

My gosh.

And Bill, what can be said at this point?

You know, if we're talking family traumas, my mom lost her first child very young.

Oh, no, we weren't.

No, actually she brought that up.

Oh, okay.

No, I'm not fishing for those.

Oh, well, I, you know it.

When were mother made again a mother?

Yes, yes, made again a mother, but I felt like I was.

My mother made again a mother.

A father.

Made again a mother.

David, we're auditioning for your movie.

You know, I'd love to really sort of think about this and circle back with you guys.

Okay, circle back.

It's not Shakespeare.

We're all movie stars.

You're cars.

Let me and my team talk internally.

Oh, yeah.

You know, everyone's got a vote.

Yeah, and you got to type up the contract.

I understand.

If you need small, small, small dancers, I know two girls.

Oh, God.

So, what am I?

David doing the opposite of the voice.

He's turning his chair to face a wave.

I have pictures.

I have pictures of them in various states.

Oh, no.

In various, which states?

Colorado?

All right.

So, look, we have to go.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
