♪♪♪ Pizza in the morning, pizza in the evening, pizza at supper time.

When a stranger throws pizza in the trash, you can eat pizza any time.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you, Pizza Vincman.

Oh, wow, pizza's in his actual name, too.

Thank you so much to Pizza Vincman for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

This is February Love Month, which ties in with today's theme because I love each and every one of our guests, even though I've not met one of them.

Coming up a little later, by the way, coming up right now, my name is Scott Ochermann, but coming up a little later, we have a...

We have a tycoon, I guess, as a way to describe them.

I'm...

My producer is mouthing Playboy.

I don't know whether my producer is trying to tell me that they want to leave the room and read a Playboy?

Is that what you're trying to say?

No? No.

You're saying, call the person a Playboy?

Okay, a Playboy will be coming up.

We also have...

You've seen the posters.

We have a missing boy coming up a little later, so that's very exciting.

But before we get to them, let us get to our guest of honor.

We have little to zero small talk coming in, which we're going to probably want to get some of that out of the way in the first segment here, and then we'll get to real talk.

You know him from such television shows as Arrested Dev...

No? We don't talk about that one anymore?

Oh, man. Okay.

What do we know him from?

Mr. Sh...

No, we don't talk about that anymore.

God, oh, that's right. That was canceled too.

God.

We know him from the pool, from the water, from water.

It sounds like water.

Keep going. Water, water, water world.

Water bat. Water, water whip.

Okay.

Striking.

Whip. Flying. Flying.

Flying in the pool.

Sounds like pool. Cool?

Sounds... sounds... pool.

No, water.

Water.

Sounds like...

Whip. Water. Trip.

Water... water bugle. Water... water... a horse.

Water...

S'watter.

Yeah.

So, swatter.

Do we know him from swatter?

The musical.

Oh, okay. I didn't know what swatter was when you say swatter the musical.

Yeah, I... yes, I'm sorry.

I thought you'd fill that in, but it's officially it's slaughter...

space... dash... space... the musical.

Swatter, though.

Not slaughter.

Swatter.

Like a fly-swatter.

Like a fly-swatter, but one who calls the SWAT team on celebrities.

Is that what this is?

No, it's an actual fly-swatter guy who...

It's just... was nominated for like six Tonys or something like that.

Six Tonys?

Yeah.

For which ones? Like lesser Tonys, like daytime Tonys?

I don't know if there is such a thing, but...

Yes, the early morning...

The only given to the shows that are on in the morning.

Early morning to late afternoon Tonys.

And it was best original score, best adaptation of a score.

Yeah, so we got nominations for both of those because that's hard to do.

Was that because it was... it was...

The first act was adapted from a novel and then the second act they threw it away and just started over, started with something new?

It's because they did an adaptation of their own music.

Oh...

Added it.

See, it's two shows and one.

So you see the original...

It was advertised that way, right?

The only musical that's two shows and one.

Yeah, the most unnecessary musical history is how they adapted.

Weirdly, that was not a poll quote either.

It was just them saying it.

Yep, four hours long.

Four hours.

Twelve intermissions and it's about a young boy's a popper.

When you say that, you don't mean like John Popper of the...

Like a loose traveling.

Like a lock and lock and lock.

Okay, yeah.

And a pop and lock.

But a popper, popper.

And he...

PAUPER.

Oh, okay.

Like the Prince Hand.

Yes, exactly.

And the time.

Yes, exactly.

It's a revolution.

Literally, exactly.

And yeah, so he's a...

A swatter who...

Like, fly swatter who rises to prominence.

It's a rags to riches to rags to kind of halfway.

Kind of have a like upper middle class, lower middle class or...

Upper lower middle class.

Up or lower.

Okay, that's a good place to be.

Yeah.

And he gets his in the end, trust me.

Oh, yeah.

What do you mean by that?

He's decapitated slowly.

Slowly.

Yeah, it's...

How slow?

Because this is a four hour show.

Is this the majority of the show?

It's the last half of the show.

It's hitting...

That's two hours.

Just slowly chopping his head off.

Really slowly, but there's a couple really great songs and an amazing dance number that goes into the audience.

And it's really pretty special.

A lot of wires.

When you say it goes into the audience, do you mean the head or like rolls?

Yeah, I mean the thingy head, the head rolls and sings.

Oh, okay.

It's a dream sequence type thing.

And you're also like not sure is this really happening or is it in his imagination?

Yeah, wow.

That sounds amazing.

And you were in this?

I was the understudy of the fly.

Okay, okay.

And that's where people would know me from.

Right.

That's okay, good.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Okay, good.

Dan, glad we cleared that up.

Yeah.

Mr. Show Arrested Development doesn't really come up that much anymore.

Yeah, those were like 90s and early 2000s things.

Yeah.

This is like the new stuff that you're on now.

It's fresh and exciting stuff.

Yeah.

Well, speaking of fresh and exciting, his new special, I'm from the future.

Ooh, that sounds exciting and fresh.

It premieres this Friday at official David Cross.com.

Welcome, my old buddy.

David Cross is here.

Hello.

How are you?

How's everybody doing?

I'm great.

Welcome to the backyard.

We're here in my backyard in case we hear any.

They are doing some construction next door.

So that- This is for your, for the listeners.

This is a beautiful, beautiful house.

And I also like the design aesthetic.

Oh, like a design.

Oh, yeah.

I like it.

It's very, it's a lovely look to it.

Well, welcome to it.

Please, if you had more time, I would say, hang out and have lunch here.

But it's a very nice offer, but I've got to run.

You are mid-pot, you're on your second of three podcasts.

You're doing today?

Is that correct?

Yes.

What other podcasts would you possibly do?

Conan's.

Okay.

Really?

Yeah.

That's your, that's your big guy.

My big guy.

Yeah.

That's your big guy.

What'd you do?

Wait, which one did you do right before it?

Uh, going deep with- Oh, going deep.

Chad and JT.

Okay.

Oh, would Chad and JT, both of them were there?

Both were there.

Or TJ.

No, JT.

Hmm.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Um, very nice guys.

Lovely guys.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Well, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

You haven't been on in, I believe the last time you were on, we were at the studio, so it must have been three years or so ago.

Yeah, it was pre-pre-pan.

Pre-pan, yes.

Well, how- got to get this out of the way.

This is the question that all interviewers ask.

Tell me about cancel culture.

No.

What do you think it should be?

You should.

No.

It should be your thing.

That should be your go-to.

Before you even introduce.

But what- how has the pan been for you?

You're out there in New York.

The epicenter of the beginning of the pandemic.

How has your journey been?

How has your experience been?

You and I have not caught up in these three years.

It was- there's that construction I'm talking about.

There it is.

The minute you start talking- I like it though.

It's real.

It's pretty.

Down to earth.

Yeah.

You're a man of the people.

It reminds you of like having dirt on your hands.

Yeah.

And the sun on your back and like actually working for a living instead of whatever this is.

It was- it was- I mean being in New York when it was happening was really scary as you might imagine.

And we were- I mean I live off of a main east to west.

What's the address?

Avenue.

I live at 116 Irving- no I live up.

Irving Plaza.

30 Rockefeller West.

Flour is 56 through 58.

No I live in Brooklyn and but I'm off of Atlantic Avenue which is a main- all this is to say that we- you know there were sirens constantly and it was in the very beginning I'm talking about nobody knew.

So when people would get COVID suddenly people would turn out a siren?

Yeah everybody the mayor de Blasio gave everybody a siren.

And it was color coded depending on your ethnicity and- and then if you got- do they line up with like the hue of people's skin or was it just color coded?

More about the creed.

Oh okay.

And and and so everybody was given this siren and you would go to your stoop or your roof or whatever and you- If you didn't have a stoop go to your roof.

Yeah or even even just rig up some you know two tin cans in a string.

Sure yeah you know contact your neighbor and then and then you would flick on the activate the siren and- And most people that would flick it on though the way you were describing like a lot of people some people would activate and be like okay activating siren but most people just do a simple flick.

You know what it is it's generational Scott so I think older people flick it and younger people are like Alexa turn on my siren you know so it's a generational thing but anyway you turn the siren on and that would alert everybody hey I have COVID so any any like hot dishes or leftover stuff can bring it put it on my my stoop please.

Yeah if I don't have a stoop my roof.

Yeah well that goes without saying.

Sure.

I mean it's just a thing all New Yorkers.

Right yeah of course.

No stoop roof is the rule in New York.

Yeah you've seen that on t-shirts of course.

And how many hot dishes then would accumulate with too many or because- Sometimes so you give them you give your excess stuff to the hot dishless.

The hot dishless yeah.

Which is a growing problem in New York City is it not?

Yeah there's so many people that don't have hot dishes.

Yeah I mean there's there's plenty of cold lunch meat to go around.

Oh god yeah we have a bores head every every few feet.

I mean people are just throwing lunch meat in the street usually because they can't be bothered even find a trash can.

You're applying some attitude to it that I don't know they're not necessarily like throwing it in the streets or placing it sometimes.

Okay yeah gently laying it down on the sidewalk okay.

Totally depends.

Yeah understandable.

So so now that you're out of that and you have enough hot dishes to last a lifetime.

David's back he's in California.

He's recorded a special.

He did it.

I was reading what when did you record this thing?

Well in line with what we're talking about I had to I was going to go out on tour because everything was looking okay.

Did you have the you have the dates set and everything like that?

Oh yeah I had dates and venues and all that stuff and then and this was like as Delta and Omnichrome were getting together some of their early work and then I had to cancel the tour.

But I thought you know I've got all this material that by the time I get to go out on tour.

You're going to have five hours.

Yeah and I'm not going to do.

Which is not the shortest David Cross show I've ever seen.

It's true.

I can I can certainly be self-indulgent but but you know I can I wasn't I'm not going to do a lot of this material a year and a half from now.

Right.

Or whenever I would get out on the road.

So I just sort of scrambled really quickly put it together and I taped a couple sets at the Bell House in Brooklyn if you've ever been there.

You've been there right?

Yeah yeah.

Great grace.

Great place.

Great room.

And nice guy who pulls the the little rope that makes the curtain go up and down.

Yeah adorable.

Yeah I mean that's what I mean he's nice but he's also very cute.

Yeah well he's three foot nine too.

Yeah but but also physically like attractive like.

And in a cute childish way.

In a childish way in the way that you would find a child you know.

Cuckettish too.

Yeah exactly and shy very shy very.

Almost like he has too many secrets you know.

Yeah how many?

Yeah many.

Three.

Three too many.

Yeah three too many secrets.

Yeah so it's.

So in total how many secrets is that?

That's five and a half.

Oh okay.

Yeah.

But a great venue.

And yeah really great venue.

And so yeah I it's you know really cameras on this thing.

That's a good question because.

Thank you I've been working on my questions David.

Ever since remember when you first got to know me I did I could barely even ask a question.

Yeah and you stutter and stammer.

I was always just making declarative statements.

Yep and then just and nervous and clammy and unpleasant odor and yeah and yeah you're much looking at my pants were there was a hole in the back that showed my butt.

Yep a flap.

It wasn't even a flap it was just a hole I cut with scissors David.

What did you not know that?

You did that intentionally no.

Oh it was a good work.

I mean that was a pretty tight circle.

Anyway yeah so so very quickly put it together shot it in November you know and I would have been starting with.

That's the month that Wycliffe was gone until.

Who?

Wycliffe Sean.

Okay I know of him.

That's the Haiti is.

That's the Haiti guy the guy ripped off the Haiti charity.

We can talk about him on every episode of the last.

Did you ever see the pictures of him in front of like a it's like a Lamborghini or Bosworth.

Do you see that you know what I'm talking about he's like kind of in a speedo and he's all oiled up.

What no yeah you had me a just picture in front of a Lamborghini.

It's it's pretty awesome.

But then swimsuit and oiled up.

Wow he's like in a very revealing you know thing and he's oiled up and it's in front of like.

Why why why why would you have seen the pictures and why do you think that everyone has seen the pictures like why do you ask hey have you seen those pictures like they're common place pictures.

Because so many times Scott you've entered my dreams and you know this this is something you've been working on.

You always you write to me in the morning.

Yep.

I received the letter five days later.

And so I thought you know you would have.

I to be honest David this is a terrible way for you to find out but I throw those letters away in the scotchifen. I just I cannot take it anymore.

You're clogging up my mailbox David.

Letters letters letters.

Do you even get physical letters anymore?

I was thinking that like I was I was looking for an apartment the other day.

Oh by the way things are not good here at home.

And they were like oh this is where the mail is and this is where you get the mail.

See how convenient it is and I was thinking like why the hell would anyone ever like open their mailbox any longer.

Yeah it's all stuff that's like you know flyers and yeah flyers for people's bands.

All right and Metallica.

Smashing pumpkins.

That's their that's that's part of their success stories.

They're still putting up there.

They go on their telephone.

And they don't just do flyers on telephables they hand deliver them through the USPS.

Or stamps.com.

We're stamps.com family here by the way.

I hope you know that.

I didn't and I'll be leaving.

Really?

Okay well can you stick around for at least one more hour?

I could stick around for a couple hours sure.

Okay.

And then I'll leave.

Okay great.

So why is this called I'm from the future.

I look when we get stand up comedians on the show talking about their special.

Really all there is to talk about is like what are the jokes and what's the title being.

And so can you can you give us both of those answers?

I'll do the set.

Hey everybody thanks for coming down to the Bell House tonight.

It's good.

What a great November 7th.

Talk about me.

Oh Scott Ocrumman's here.

I was there.

The full disclosure I was there you did approximately 15 minutes of crowd work about me.

Yep.

Which was unkind.

Yeah honestly.

Oh it was cutting.

It was sharp and severe.

My self-esteem is at its low since then.

And then I pretended that was the show and you left crying.

And then I was like told everybody I just mouth like you guys stick around with Scott leaves.

We'll start up real show.

So I'm from the future.

It's actually it's a line that somebody when I was working the getting the set together.

You were miming your you're like doing this with your hands and for the listener you were sort of like.

Just articulating.

Just stick it well it was almost like you were you were saying I was working and it seemed like you were miming like levers and pulleys and.

Yeah it's I can't help it.

I work for George Soros.

I will sit on my hands.

What you were you the I'm from the future is something someone said.

Oh yeah because I was I had another title in mind and I when I did this with the last stand-up special to where I would say hey what do you guys think of these titles and they they're always like either pretentious or too silly punny and then somebody in the audience said I'm from the future because it's a line that I say within the.

Oh okay so that line stuck out to them and yeah it was a great idea and and and somebody yeah last time when I was doing Oh come on I had some really lame ideas and they were and somebody from the audience said Oh come on you should call it.

What about Oh come on go to the polls.

Well I didn't say that.

Oh no that was Hillary Clinton that's right.

Yeah she said oh come on go to the polls.

Well she she got that wrong she was she was supposed to be promoting my special and she added the P at the beginning.

It's really the whole go to the polls thing at the end.

Really upsetting.

You should take that you should take that clip of her and just cut out the P and cut out the go to the polls and then just like use that to advertise your previous special which do you care about that one anymore.

Yeah yeah how long do you care about your special after it comes out.

Uh well what do you mean by care about it.

Like like a family member you know what I mean like you have you have at least one child do you not.

Yes um I mean I you'll care about that child probably for the rest of the week month I'd imagine her birthday's coming up so after that after that it's yeah yeah birthday is the time to reevaluate like what are we doing here.

Well I told her that she'll be five ago and you listen you're you're going to be five and it's time to uh you know your first evaluation there'll be one every five years and uh we'll see.

Five ten fifteen twenty twenty five thirty five forty five fifty fifty five sixty six five seventy seventy seventy five eighty eighty five ninety ninety five one hundred stop.

Good job thank you.

Um I believe that's a song from the electric company I'm not quite sure.

Do you know do you know your shapes um what's the one that's like a big circle.

An oval that's right it's like a big circle.

Not quite yet but it's skinnier yeah yeah um so uh so yeah I'm from the future.

I'm from the future and it's this one is going to be uh available on my website.

Why is that did you do were you like I want to eliminate the middleman now I know that's discounting the fine people who put your website together or you have a web mistress you were telling me um but I tell everybody I'm thrilled but is that because uh you just wanted to control it or is it because uh not a lot of people if you want.

Uh no I think I'll just continue pontificating.

I just sit there with like my different is that because it is is it this is it this you can pick one when I'm done no go ahead um though the uh kind of yes to above to all everything you're saying but it's really specifically when I went to shop this around I think because it was uh late in the year people uh the general response was like uh we don't really have any room until you know summer of 2022 or people get their like networks get their budgets yeah come the beginning of the year and so like have you ever tried to sell anything in November or December that always like we don't have any money anymore.

Well it's also where it would we couldn't put it on the calendar until you know a year from now and and that's the all the other reasons apply but that's the main reason like that so I put it on my website uh and I know a bunch of people do that now and it's official davidcross.com and you can get it whenever you want and it won't go away and you can access it.

I mean it won't go away as long as the infrastructure you know with our internet and and power.

White 2k yeah yeah you know as long as there's still a power grid in place yes you know like all that kind of stuff like you'll need a working computer which will decode this get it downloaded immediately february 12th first thing you should do uh assign it to I don't know if you can make your computer automatically do things do it then if the power grid goes out you'll have it you'll have it you'll have it put it on a flash drive you should probably transcribe everything into a like an actual written book and a balloon yeah yes oh and onto a balloon yes no into a balloon oh into a balloon yes into into like pages that you put into a balloon blow it up yep send it off send it off boy they're getting really loud next door now aren't they these I don't know how it's coming through here but I can hear them my headphones yeah yeah it's not bad not not terrible for the listener but for us we're we're hearing it so um how much us does this cost uh for entree into this incredible glimpse inside the mind of david cross uh it's ten dollars just to get the american special american yep um and then euro it's uh I want to say seven euro have you been tracking the exchange rate of between the canadian dollar the euro yeah I got it i got it right here oh great oh that's a tattoo geez wow amazing it's a shifting tattoo it's a special thing they have they have shifting tattoos so yeah if you're a celebrity oh my god yeah yeah cat bondi is the it's wow okay and you have to get a uh white erring uh resistance uh okay that makes it as well um but uh whatever it's a small price to pay um and and that but there's uh uh uh for the premiere there's going to be like uh we're calling it the future duper package and oh my god yeah it's amazing well you be keeping that for future specials as well like this is the future duper package um it might get it's such a good time it's such a good time it's not what the next special will be called regardless of what it is i think the future duper package that's great branding well thank you uh what what's included in this this uh what was i reading a talkback or something like i was there yeah there's gonna be a uh live q&a immediately that you can be a part of there's uh on your asking who are you asking questions of um i'll you know anybody who's out there um uh that's actually i cut it from the special i did i i tend to do as you uh you know as i alluded to uh do long shows and uh and so the session my opinion by the way is like i'm paying for it the more the merrier yeah no i mean it's fine i mean and i always tell people i mean i truly you know when i'm kind of done with this ad i'm like hey you guys can go anytime it's nothing will i'm not gonna yeah i'm not gonna have treat it you know like hey what the fuck you going to yeah i'm not gonna make fun of you if you make it up and i don't you know it's like uh and then i continue and i do q&a and stuff but that's a a thing that i was doing was like i'd like do some q&a and set it up and then i and then i go uh it you know if it's cool i'll start and i just ask somebody yeah why i say like so how how uh when did you start uh getting into comedy it's stand up but have you ever been the first comedian anyone has ever seen that must happen uh yeah probably i think tom kenny was one of the first ones i ever saw live in person i i think my the first live uh the first comic i ever saw was steve martin oh wow yeah at the fox theater in atlanta wow um and me and my friend went and this was so long ago i only had a disposable codac instamatic you remember those all kind of like cardboard and you you know spin the little wheel oh yes to the next picture and the pictures are so they're worthless it's so far away after yeah it's blurry and uh but do you still look at them and you smile because it's like i remember oh yeah yeah it was it was really cool and it was it was the first kind of big thing i did where there wasn't a parent like uh they were waiting for us they took us downtown um in atlanta and i was living in raswell at the time and me and my friend drove us down and uh whoever it was like hung out and got something to drink at a bar across street or something and picked us up and took us out it was really cool how old were you we're uh i think that was 15 15 so this must have been in the the when he was still doing stand-up in the early 80s uh this would have been no i'm older than that this would have been uh uh the 50s yeah it was chubby checker let me think of the bill chubby checker uh senior wenstace uh uh sherry lewis and lamb top oh wow so all of the hollywood squares were there yeah um no this would have been 79 wow incredible for that to be one of your first shows yeah uh not first concert though uh or was it gosh i mean it might have been like my first kind of i i saw i saw some plays and musical theater uh when i was younger i go to broadway and the great white way the great white way uh thank you and would you pick up a copy of the old gray lady while you were there um i would uh i yeah i'd go i'd go to pinks and then get it and i'll go down this um but uh uh the the first band i ever saw the first like concert was uh kinks oh wow and i think i want to say i was 16 so that would have been 80 maybe yeah so this is pre-come dancing 10 years after lola it would have been whatever that tour was and uh ray and dave got in an argument which is great um about what do you recall or i don't i don't know uh i don't remember thrilling to watch it in real time yeah um i mean it wasn't a huge like you know fistic cuffs blow up right but it was uh definite like oh what's happening the show it like was a big speed bump and you know um but it's not like they each went up to their mics to say they're cutting things so yeah i would just have an argument but uh um and that you know what's uh great about that was my friend oh gosh maybe it was younger maybe steve martin was when it was 14 and kinks were 50 it would it was the king tut tour so we could all get that figured out um so the kinks i uh uh a friend of ours is like it's the greatest scam in the world you go and you usher and they're always looking for ushers and we don't fucking 15 uh maybe 16 but just barely and and all you just had to provide your own i think white shirt and they give you a black vest and you had to wear black pants and uh we went and and uh john cougar melon camp who was only john he was younger at the time yeah um opened up and he had that one he had that early hit uh uh hurts so good i think um whatever his hit he had one hit and yeah he opened up and so as soon as you went in you took your stations and there was like a comically cartoonish kind of caricature of a a guy who kind of looked a little like Tobias with like a bigger mustache he was very stern and like um you know y'all listen to me and you y'all you need to do this and um there's no back to i want i don't want a sass and this is what you know he just sort of gave us what we were to do as soon i mean instantly as soon as the music started we all just took and we were told this like yeah it's like he because he my friend learned it from some other people took off the vest put a different shirt on we brought shirts with this t-shirts and just if i can ditch them and then went into the crowd it was the easiest greatest scam so you didn't get paid but you didn't have to pay to get into the show right so we got into the show i mean we're incredible uh that's incredible would you only go see things that started with kin the kinks king tatur um but only with uh sibling only with family oh okay yeah that makes sense yeah well uh incredible uh it's kin oh oh i understand yes i get it now it's got people say that i don't get things they come on this show and they go like this guy doesn't get it what is he even doing here but i i just proved that i got something that you said you once i once i told you yes you know once you explained it in total yeah i totally got it after that well speaking of getting things you're gonna want to get david's new special uh it's called i'm from the future you can get it at official davidcross.com starting this friday uh and uh an exciting time to be a david cross fan i'll tell you that much a lot of activity over there on the official davidcross.com there were like updates and trailers uh spoofs a lot of your known for your spoofs on the website yeah so many spoofs of other websites too like you're you're spoofing what was that one website like overstock.com you had a great that was a good one uh college humor yeah if you're yes spoofs of comedies uh like they say it can't be done but you were doing it head over there to official davidcross.com this friday we're gonna take a break that's okay david you can stick around though um we have uh uh the the playboy is coming up um shit and now we uh konad's more important so should i get over there yeah you should probably go right now and we also have the missing boy we're gonna be right back we'll have more comedy bang bang after this. comedy bang bang we're back david cross is here uh i'm from the future hits the entire internet uh this friday at official davidcross.com i mean you'll have to go to official davidcross.com to get it but it's on the entire internet it's safe to say right i mean yeah it's like the it's like when apple had that iphone and uh put the youtube song yeah yeah so yeah if you if you have a computer if you purchase a computer an apple an android any kind of device like that a watch uh a swatch uh swatch swatch swatch uh uh a amber paladin whatever you may have uh the uh special will automatically uh you're not doing a full u2 right where it's like sent to it it's just like available to people right it's it's it's a virus that will take over your oh so this is a computer virus okay so computer virus so if you don't want the computer virus don't open the attachment when you get the email essentially uh yes but you're gonna want the computer virus yeah you're gonna want it yeah because then you're on my side i will have a record of who is uh you're making lists and other yeah yeah and you don't want to be you don't want to be on the enemy's list yeah you do not want to be and trust me on this yeah okay great well that's this friday i'm from the future we need to get to our next guest um he's been on the show once before now you've beaten him by approximately three appearances i think david but uh he's been on this show one time before this will make his second uh he is known as the Cincinnati playboy uh and to be honest i don't remember anything i talked to him about but uh welcome back to the show Antonio Lambornitis is that what it is?
