---
layout: page
title: 744. Ego Nwodim, Will Hines, Matt Apodaca [62098a432517550015be17aa].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪ I'm a tire of these monkey shines, but I'll never tire shining this monkey, and you can take that to the bank, your honor, the money bank, I mean the monkey bank.

Welcome to Comedy Bank.

Bang bang.

That was so long, I forgot my own show's name in the middle of it.

Welcome to Comedy Bank Bank.

Thank you, Captain Pukefish.

Captain Pukefish for that wonderful catchphrase submission, and welcome to Comedy Bank Bank for another week.

The backyardo no era of Comedy Bank Bank continues.

We're here outside in my backyard.

Apologies for any kind of loud engine noises you may hear.

Be them trucks, be them lawnmowers, be them power saws, be them, be they, I'm not sure.

My name is Scott Ockermann, and we are back for another episode of Comedy Bank Bank.

We have an incredible show coming up today.

Remember the years that we used to have big Hollywood stars on?

Well, this week we have a little later a productivity expert, a restaurant tour, not even a celebrity restaurant tour, it's saying, although maybe they are, I have no idea.

And we also have an innovator coming up on the show, an innovator.

All right, well, the long decline of the show continues.

No, of course, we're in our prime, we're in our prime.

And speaking of prime, let's get to the guests that is prime number on the call sheet.

They are the first guest of the day, as well as coming up a little later.

We have the third guest of the day, that will be another prime number.

Two is not a prime number.

Two is a prime number.

What do you got?

One, two, three, five, never mind.

All right, here we go.

I mentioned them before they're an innovator, and innovating, doing what I wonder.

Well, let's find out.

I'm mere seconds away from introducing them.

And once I do, they will tell us everything about themselves and we'll hear everything.

So here we go. Please welcome to the show, Escape Goldsmith.

Hey, what's up, Scott?

Hey, good to see you.

How's it fucking good, brother?

Whoa.

I don't know that I appreciate that kind of language right off the bed.

All right, all right.

I'm going to ask you one.

You're constantly asking me questions.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, asking a bunch of fun questions before this podcast started.

Didn't appreciate it kind of condescending.

Yeah, because it's the only one that I've asked you on the show so far is how are you doing?

Yeah, yeah, you did.

But before the show.

Well, you're trying to make me look like an asshole and I don't appreciate it.

I'm not an asshole, Scott.

Not an asshole.

I'm going to ask you one.

How about you?

That's your acting like one.

But go ahead.

Well, how big's your dick, dude?

How big is my dick?

How big is your dick?

Soft, then hard, and then wet, so can wet.

I don't know that soaking wet would affect it as much as it may be the weight.

How many pounds is your dick?

How many pounds can a dick be?

I don't even know.

I mean, like it's- Ask me how many pounds is my dick?

How many pounds is your dick?

Soaking wet or dry?

Soaking wet.

Dry and soft or soaking wet?

Soft and soaking wet.

Do you have a scale around here?

I can probably- Yeah, you asked me to ask you like you knew the answer.

Why didn't you know that you were going to ask me that combo?

Okay, which one would you like to look like a fucking asshole, Scott?

Why are we talking about your dick?

I don't want my dick.

We don't have to talk about dicks.

What did you bring me here to talk about today?

Whatever you want to talk about today.

Amazing, brother.

Well, I want to talk about the notes app.

The notes app.

The thing in people's phones that people write apologies on?

Yeah, only Apple iPhones, yeah.

Oh, they're only on Apple.

What do people with Android's have?

I don't know, because I didn't create that, Scott.

Oh, wait, you created the notes app?

Am I not likable?

That's such a- I mean, it's hard to answer with a guest who's- I know is going to be on the show for at least another hour.

Yeah, well, yeah, all right.

Do you want to ask me I got started?

Yeah, that's probably better.

All right.

That's safer territory for us.

How did you get started?

Well, in high school, Star Quarterback, girlfriend, head cheerleader, she was a flyer.

What does that mean to fly out in really in regards to- Have you not seen the cheer doc?

That one where the really weird person is- Yeah, the weird person.

Do you mean- Wait, what do you refer to?

It was in there.

When you say weird, are you talking about the blood who face criminal charges?

Yeah, that's weird.

That's like odd.

Was that- Was that- Was that- Was that a cook?

Was that his sentencing the judge- Did you get too weird?

He charged with being weird?

Get outta here.

Yeah, okay.

Flyer is a person who is- They do all the- They fly through the air- They fly through the air.

They toss them there.

They do stunts and whatnot.

Yeah, like, some results in the air, is that- Is that possible?

Uh, winter salt, summer salt, fall salt, all that shit, dude.

What are you laughing at, man?

Nothing.

Okay, cool.

So you were the star quarterback in high school.

Yeah.

How does that affect- Are you just giving your entire biography?

And if so, why does it start in high school?

Okay, where do you want me to start, Scott?

Because I feel like- What is- No matter what I do- Jermaine to the notes app.

Jermaine, my name is scapegoat.

Jermagisty, I'm sorry.

My name is scapegoat, dude.

Skate goat.

And is that- That must be a nickname.

Could you actually just talk to me in layman's terms?

What does layman mean to you?

Man to man.

Okay.

Just bro to bro, let's bro down.

Bro to bro, brother to brother.

Bro down right now, okay.

I didn't play football, I didn't date the cheerleaders.

What did you do?

What was your sport in high school?

I was in drama and- It's not sport.

It's not sport.

So you got no bitches.

No, I'm sorry.

You shouldn't call women bitches, by the way, bro.

Thank you.

Oh well.

I learned that the hard way.

Ooh.

Anyway, so high school, I'm like doing my thing.

I get injured.

Everyone's like, you're gonna have a huge- On the field?

I get injured.

Well, on and off the field.

You had two injuries?

I got two injuries.

I got- One on the field, one off the field.

Yeah, I tore my ACL.

Okay.

And off the field, I got my ass beat.

Oh, okay, by whom?

Do you mind asking?

Yeah, it was a gang of guys from opposing high school.

Oh, like the other football team or just a gang from the other?

It's just like a gang.

Because like- Did your high school not have gangs?

No, I grew up in the suburbs.

Of what?

Of Orange County, California.

So is there a city of Orange County?

Oh, there's a city of Orange.

Okay, that's fucking weird.

Okay.

So I like that guy in the cheer dock.

Okay.

Anyway.

Where did- Where did you grow up?

Uh, Wisconsin.

Wisconsin?

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I noticed your action.

Madison.

Oh, okay.

I don't have an accent anymore, Scott.

Oh, okay.

I lost my accent.

Because people weren't taking me seriously in business meetings.

Whoa, what did it sound like before?

New Western.

Like what?

I don't want to show you.

Okay.

Why are you so combatant?

I'm kidding.

Okay.

I just- Because you kind of made me feel like shit before this started, bro.

What did I do before the show like- You were talking to the other guests, big upping them.

Yeah.

You like dapped that guy up twice.

I got no dap.

I beg your- I'll dap you.

Dap me.

Here.

Okay, there.

How's that?

Kiss me.

Kiss- Kiss me.

Kiss me.

On the mouth.

Okay.

All right.

Okay.

Thank you.

Okay.

Is that better?

Yeah.

Now I feel better.

Okay.

I don't like- Do good like with like combative weird energy, because I did that in high school, and that's kind of what I was trying to get at.

You- meaning you were the person who had that energy in high school, or- Yeah, and it's not who I really was.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So what changed your life?

These two injuries?

Yeah.

The two injuries, and then my girlfriend, she broke up with me.

So that's three bad things to happen to me.

Who did she break up with you for?

Or was it just she wanted to be alone?

She wanted to be alone.

Like that's pretty bad.

She would rather be alone than me with you.

To be with me.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

Pretty bad.

So she broke up with me, and those are three bad things to happen to me, and they say like third time's a charm, and in my case third time's a curse.

Third time's a curse.

Third.

Third time's a- Third time's a curse.

You're doing great.

Third, three times.

Third.

You're doing fine.

You're doing- Tarsh.

We know what you meant.

You don't need to go back and- Can you cut that part out?

Can you cut that part out?

I'm sorry we broke our editing machine.

I'm sorry.

All right, Scott.

I see what's happening here.

All right.

I just want to talk to you about the thing I created that I think is really cool, and is doing- It feels like you are telling me about this, even though it feels like you're not.

Ask me a question.

How did you create the notes app?

So I got broken up with third times a curse, right?

That's where we left off.

Yeah.

So I didn't have a way to like really express myself.

Okay.

And like, you know, my parents don't really talk to me.

They spend a lot of time traveling, and so- Wait, wait, they use the excuse that they're traveling to not talk to you.

Yes.

So we're traveling to somewhere without phone lines?

Well, they spent a lot of time in Japan.

Sometimes in England, they could never take me because I was in school.

One of your guests is literally texting right now while I'm trying to share my emotions.

Yeah, could we- Can everyone put their phones down?

Everyone put your phones away if you could.

Because- Did you ever- A scapegoat Smith, who by the way, is that a nickname or is that a high school?

A scapegoat Smith is not a nickname.

That's your Christian name?

That's my Christian name.

You're getting- My parents- Here's the thing.

My parents like- Basically, my mom got pregnant in high school.

Should I start back in high school with her?

I- Now we're going backwards.

This is like, pulp fiction.

Well, like, as every good man knows, like everything I do is just like a product of what happened in high school to me.

Oh, okay.

So your- Your mother got pregnant in her high school.

She got pregnant in the high school.

They were fucking in the janitor's closet.

What?

Yeah.

How'd you know?

I wasn't saying that. You just thought I was saying that.

But that's so interesting.

You got pregnant in the high school.

By the janitor?

No, she was just fucking her boyfriend.

Her boyfriend?

He was not a quarterback, star quarterback, my dad.

Oh, okay.

Did he use like anything in the- A condom? No, he didn't.

Did he use anything in the janitor's closet as like a toy, like a mop?

Now you're being weird.

No, you're being weird.

Now you're being weird.

And like- I'm just- You know, I mean, it's like, there's so many opportunities in there.

Anyway, what- No, no, he didn't.

He got her pregnant with his dick.

You want to know how long she is- No, I'm not suggesting that he got her pregnant with a mop handle.

I'm just saying like- No, no, he- No, Scott, he got her pregnant with his- Do you want to know how much his dick weighs?

I- Sure.

Soaking wet or dry?

Dry?

Okay, so these are your options.

Okay.

I don't know why I have to pick an option.

Just let me know.

No, because it varies.

So- Soaking wet and soft.

Soaking wet- Half-chub.

Okay.

Soaking wet, full chub.

Okay, so any of the varieties- Dry!

Dry.

Soft.

Dry half-chub.

Dry.

Full chub.

Okay, so anything.

So there's six varieties I can choose from.

Six varieties.

Unless you think of another one.

I'm gonna go- Just full-maced.

Just sopping one.

Just like the wettest dick you've ever seen.

Twenty-six pounds.

Whoa.

Respect.

Respect to my fucking dad.

Right.

Wow.

Yes, Scott.

So that happened.

He got her pregnant.

They were- With you.

With me.

I'm the only child.

They were too happy about it, but they also weren't sad about it.

They had me, but they still wanted to live their lives.

And so that's- Did they have you while they were still in high school?

No, because they were seniors.

So they had me when they were in community college.

Oh, okay.

So the first few months of community college.

Yeah.

It seems like okay.

First year, once- And were you born in a janitor's closet?

Or- I actually was.

Really?

Yes.

I came out.

I came out like- They say I came out looking like Mr. Clean, but like a baby.

Really?

Yeah.

Do they- Did you- Did you just like fall right into the mop bucket?

I would be so awesome.

Well, no.

The mop bucket would have been- No.

No.

I didn't fall into a mop bucket.

Like I fell into the doctor's hands.

Oh, okay.

Well, you know how some people are toilet babies.

I thought maybe you were a mop bucket baby.

Why would you- Scott, you're being- That's the original title of Muppet Babies, by the way.

So anyway, I- Yeah.

I fell into- I fell into the doctor's hands or whatever.

They then had to like- So they brought a doctor somehow to the- Or was there just a doctor at the- Scott, I feel like what I'm telling you about my life is really highly unique, and you're acting like I live like a regular life somehow.

Like the way I was born isn't normal.

The way I was conceived- I'm the one who brought up where you were conceived and born.

Okay.

Like I just in life can't really tell who's for me and who's against me.

I'm with you.

Well, I'm more- I'm Switzerland.

I'm a neutral party until, you know, you know, until we find out more about you.

Okay, a neutral party until you find out.

Okay, cool.

So what- So tell me more about you.

How did I get started?

Yeah.

All right, so she breaks up with me.

Okay.

Well, I'm born.

She breaks up with me.

I- My sister is born.

After- After you were broken up with- So that's a long- Well, after I was born.

My sister is born after- So we're going backwards again.

Okay.

So no, I'm saying I was broken up with- I thought you said you were an only child, by the way.

Hmm.

Did I- I- I feel like one a lot of time.

I- I feel like I'm admitting I'm paying attention to your story by saying that.

Kiss me?

Oh, okay.

Okay, there you go.

All right, I feel centered.

How many kisses are you going to require during this interview?

How many kisses is too much for you?

Um, probably 20.

20 kisses?

Okay, we're at two, so I got 18 more kisses to go before it's too much.

Before it's too much.

Okay.

And on it- So it's not like Luther Randows never too much.

Uh, no.

No, not like that in the sense of it's not a song.

Okay.

Luther Randows had nothing to do with it.

Okay, cool.

All right, just making sure.

Is it Van Deross or Van Dross?

Well, would you say Diana Ross or would you say Diana Ross?

That's a good point.

I would- I wouldn't- You would never- I would keep her name out of my mouth.

Out of your mouth.

I'd suggest you do as much too, bro, because trust me, basically, whatever, I didn't have a way to express my fans.

I just want to get to the bottom of this.

Okay.

Because like, I feel like I start stories and like, don't finish them.

I feel like that too.

Okay, well, I'm going to finish it.

Okay, here we go.

Just be quiet.

All right.

So I create a play- I like create this like, technological thing like, phones come out, fast forward to phones come out, internet comes out.

I create this like, technological thing where I can like, express myself.

Because I like, don't like holding pens and pencils.

Oh really?

Do you have something- An issue with your hands?

Are you a- Are thritic or- Never been- Never been good with my hands.

My- Really?

All my girls told me.

Let me see what you can do with those.

Do you mind picking up that rock that's right next to you?

Yeah, look at that.

Oh geez, just fall right out of your hands.

Fell right out of my hands.

You're not good at all with those.

Soft hands, soft hands.

But like- Oh, how much soaking wet?

But not- Shoeing wet.

Probably 10 pounds soaked.

10 pounds soaked.

Soaking wet.

There's like- Skating.

It'd be interesting to weigh like- Do you know that?

Every part of your body- To cut it off and then weigh it.

All it's on.

And figure out like, how much every part of your body is- I've done that.

What?

And reattached it?

Not every one of your- I've not done that.

No, no, no, not every part, bro.

Not every part.

Okay.

I've cut off like whatever.

We don't need to get into it.

So- That sounds like the most interesting thing about you.

Okay.

Well, I did.

Okay.

So you know La Reyna Bobbitt?

Yes, yeah.

Cut off her- Of course.

I mean not personally, but- Okay.

Well, I thought she was your neighbor.

She's not your neighbor.

No.

I have several great neighbors, but- Okay.

Okay.

Not La Reyna Bobbitt.

Anyway, she cut off like I said- I cut my own dick off.

You cut your own dick off?

Yeah.

Why?

Because I was like mad about it, and I felt like it was the reason- Like everyone was mad at me, because I had one.

I relate, but I- Yeah.

That's such a bizarre thing to do.

Don't you ever just feel like people are mad at you, because you have a dick?

Yeah.

Oh, it's fun.

Yeah.

Did you reattach or is it just- Are you like a kendoll down there?

Um, kendoll.

Kendoll.

Kendoll and Jenner.

Are you like kendoll Jenner down there?

Now is it kendoll or kendoll?

I would never even speak her name.

Okay.

You keep that name out of your mouth too?

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, I'd suggest as much.

Because anyway, so I created this way to express myself.

Like my parents obviously, like they felt like I slowed their lives down.

They didn't get to like experience college.

And so I, yeah, they- So we're back to- We literally scapegoat, dude.

Wow, so you're in the janitor's closet being born.

Kiss me.

Okay.

All right.

That's 13 more.

When it's too much.

So please keep it to 16 more.

And after it's too much, what happens?

Nothing, quite honestly.

You just feel emotionally taxed.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, to be honest, I kind of already do.

You feel emotionally taxed by me?

Yeah.

A little bit.

Okay.

So you want me to do apologize?

You are combative with me.

I don't know why.

Oh, okay.

I've apologized.

I've kissed you three times on the mouth.

I don't know what more I can do.

Okay.

Well, how do you relate to people?

How do you feel?

How do I feel?

I feel boxed in by you.

I feel attacked.

All I'm trying to do is get your story out.

You know, I'm presuming that's why you came on the show.

I did.

You want people to know your story.

Yeah, I made this app and no one talks about it.

Like they talk about it, but not they don't talk about me.

They don't talk about you in relation to it.

So why did you make the app?

Because it was a way to express myself.

And like that's now we're at a point where I feel like you're not listening to me.

Because I did say that.

You did say that.

No, I know you said that.

But I guess I wanted you to expand a little bit more.

Because I had you on that phone.

You saw I have weak hands.

I have weak hands.

So holding like a pen for that long to express myself.

I can put a phone on a table and just like type with my index finger.

Do you like just sort of like what do they call that?

Were they just one finger typing?

I used to want to make beats.

Hunt and pack.

I used to want to make beats.

Have you ever seen?

You want to make beats.

What's that thing they make beats with?

Like an 808?

Sure.

Yeah.

Yeah, an 808.

You look pissed at me.

You look pissed at me now.

You look pissed at me.

I have a little bit pissed at you.

So you wanted to hunt and pack and type your thoughts into it.

What kind of thoughts were you expressing?

I just felt like alone and like I couldn't beat like I had this big football career.

Didn't happen.

Did you think you were going to go to the majors?

I thought I'd at least go to the minors.

Those are terms, right?

No, seriously.

I'm not trying to be funny.

Yeah.

I'm trying to be real.

And I guess sometimes real is funny though.

Like what position did you play?

Why receiver?

Wide receiver really?

Yeah.

With those terrible hands?

How did you?

Never received.

You never got a ball?

Never received.

I never.

So why did you think you were going to have a good football career?

Because in my town, in my small town, you know, I know Midwest people think like football.

They think the South Midwest, we live in the football.

But I grew up in a small town.

It was a pretty small high school.

Graduating class of 15.

Oh, so everyone had to be on the team?

Yeah, basically.

And then, yeah, graduate.

Why put you at wide receiver though?

Like maybe you could have blocked.

Basically, well, I mean, no one was actually good at football or really like understood the sport.

And honestly, like graduating like class of 15.

And our actual team was made up of multiple schools.

Oh, okay.

So why was this rival school?

Why were they so upset of you if they're on the same team?

Not but but but but there were enough schools in our district to make two separate teams.

Okay.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

So made up a little bit.

I feel like maybe they felt like they didn't like have enough competition when it came to me.

Oh, I don't know what you mean by that.

Like I was why receiver.

Sure.

And like games would get cut short because I like wasn't receiving.

Right.

They would just say they would stop everything because you dropped a few balls.

They called the call.

They called the game.

They would just say, okay, forget it.

Yeah.

This is not worth it.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Wow, this has done a number on you.

Yeah.

And so the one way I like no one in like everyone in my town, the guys work.

And like the guys like they go get jobs and and.

That sounds like a lot of towns.

Women too.

That was unique to my town.

And they get jobs.

No, a lot of them pretty much any 10 you go to people get jobs.

Yeah.

Any town?

Almost.

Yeah, almost.

I mean, I bet there's a some town just independently wealthy people who no one works.

Sure.

But I also feel like that's like only in capitalistic societies where like everyone gets a job.

There could be a society if you think about it where there's capitalism is not a thing and people decide we're not going to work.

Well, there's there certainly countries where communism is a thing, but everyone usually has to work there other than oligarchs.

But what about places that aren't like, you know, fully developed?

Like living like desert islands?

Like even off like like off the grid.

Right.

I go even Tom Hanks in Castaway.

He had he had like chores he had to do every morning.

I don't know if you remember that he had to get up.

Yeah, that's true.

Collect the coconuts.

I like that we're able to connect.

He had to he had to fuck his volleyball.

Kiss me.

Okay.

Yeah.

You know, I mean, like a lot of stuff he had to do in the morning.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, this has been great.

You're cutting in short?

Yeah.

Because you don't want to talk to me about me in this app.

I give me credit basically.

Like I find it interesting that you've created this app that everyone uses for a very specific purpose, which is posting apologies online.

Yeah.

When they when they fucked up somehow.

Yeah.

Right.

Yeah.

And you and everyone uses it.

Yeah.

And you did not intend it to have that purpose.

It was more just a way to express yourself.

It's like a diary.

Yeah.

For me, a diary.

And if I'm being honest with you, I have felt like I was like blamed for a lot of stuff.

That's like not my fault.

You think you're getting part of the blame every time someone uses it.

Yeah.

Like people make fun of the app now and it's like kind of a like just a fucking fucked up cycle.

It is like a punch line now for anytime you see anyone use it.

It's like, oh, okay.

What are you apologizing for?

Yeah, exactly.

But like you could also use it to make like a list of groceries or like ideas, like things you want to do in that way.

Right.

You know, like, but I did make it because I was getting maybe I didn't feel like I had a place to express myself for everything.

Yeah.

Everything was my fault.

Maybe I shouldn't have been a wide receiver.

Maybe I shouldn't have.

No, you shouldn't have.

But that's like kind of all my coach.

Yeah.

Well, sure.

Yeah.

But what did you do to your girlfriend?

You mentioned you said the word bitch and learn the hard ways.

Is that why you guys broke up?

Well, I've said bitch, but like that's not something like I've said bitch and like I've learned like if we're publicly speaking because this podcast is going to go out to like people possibly.

Exactly.

You don't want to say it publicly.

You want to say it in private.

I do say it in private.

Oh, to whom?

To women.

You call you call them that or you're referring to other people as sometimes I just say it to taunt like sick of someone.

I'm like, that's not a word you should use.

And sometimes I say it because like.

What do you do you like get in their face and just go bitch and like I'll just be saying it like if I'm cleaning around the house, I just my bitch bitch bitch bitch bitch and then I'm like you can't say the word.

I'm like, I'm not talking to you.

I'm not saying it to you.

I'm not saying it to the concept of cleaning.

I'm just like saying it.

Why does it bother you if I say it?

Why is this word?

I can't say such an interesting person.

My job, my job is to challenge people and make them feel uncomfortable as a man.

So you have a job currently or are you independently wealthy?

As a man.

I mean, yeah.

Your responsibilities.

I've made money a ton of money off the fucking app.

Really?

How much money?

I mean, how much?

I'll tell you how much money I've made if you tell me how much money you've made.

I'll go more or less than you.

You tell me how much you've made and I'll say more or less.

Okay.

A lot.

Wes.

Okay.

I'll tell you a real dollar amount.

Okay.

Yeah.

I made 1.3.

1.3?

1.3.

A million dollars?

Sure.

Like sure.

Or yeah.

Yeah.

That's not a lot for something that everyone uses.

I'm kidding.

Like I'm rising you.

Yeah.

1.3 million dollars.

That's not.

That's a ton of money.

I mean, technically, yeah, it's a ton of money.

But for creating although, I don't know.

If I were making an iPhone, how much would I literally pay someone to make a Notes app?

Like probably $60 an hour for a week.

But like how hard could it be?

Like how hard was it?

It doesn't seem like a hard thing.

It was like a lot of coding, but like back when like you could get instructions on like coding and stuff and I don't know.

There were templates for it.

There were like there were there were templates.

It's like, did you steal it from like a Notes app template out there?

No.

Did you have my space?

Yeah.

I had friends too.

Did you who was in your top eight?

Uh probably my wife, I would hope.

Just eight times.

Yeah.

That's all I need.

Okay.

Who's in your top eight?

My ex-girlfriend, Rebecca, my ex-girlfriend Nina, ex-girlfriend Corey, ex-girlfriend Amanda, ex-girlfriend Ashley, ex-girlfriend Ariel, ex-girlfriend Samantha.

Okay.

That's eight.

Okay.

Mm-hmm.

That's not tough.

Wow.

Yeah.

So all of them were exes at the time as well.

Does it make an impact on me?

Really.

So you date a lot.

Oh, women.

Of, okay.

Do you want to kiss again?

Okay.

Yeah.

You said of women and you got right in my face like you wanted.

Yeah.

Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.

What is your date?

I mean, what, so you date a lot of women, but they don't last.

Is that?

They don't last.

Mm-hmm.

I guess they don't like me walking around the house saying bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch, bitch under my breath randomly.

Yeah.

So yeah, when I say it.

It sounds aggressive.

But I'm not saying it at them.

That's the thing about it.

Seems like you're saying it at them, but you want to have plausible deniability.

So you're saying it under your breath, but you intend them to hear it.

Maybe.

Yeah.

It's passive aggressive.

Yeah.

Is it?

But it's not meant to be aggressive.

What's so okay?

But it's passive aggressive.

Okay, Scott.

Man to man.

Yeah.

Why do do I do that?

That is, I didn't want to say, by the way, that's an important part of your whole thing.

Yeah.

Is your, you're a.

Yeah.

Why do do I do?

Successful white dude.

What's a word you want to say that you can't say?

Like I can't say because.

You fit because you because you're a white dude.

Because I'm a white dude.

Or because you feel like you're not allowed to say it.

Just white guy to white guy.

Just me.

You don't know.

Just me.

I don't know that I want to get into this.

I mean, what's going on with podcasts?

Are there words you want to say that you can't say?

No, I don't have the desire to say any word that is.

I'm not allowed to say it.

Well, you're not doing your job.

I don't know what you mean by that.

You're not doing your job.

You're supposed to make people uncomfortable as a comedian.

I don't know that that's a comedian's responsibility.

And I don't even know if I want to talk about what a comedian's job is.

I don't even know what it is.

I've been doing this for 12 years now.

I have no idea what a comedian's job is.

Okay.

First of all, I'm just, I'm in the dark.

I'm just flailing away.

I feel, I don't think that's true.

I think people like really respect you.

I know I for one dude and that's kind of why when I came here.

Cause you've got all of this, all these microphones, the headphones.

Microphones are like a hundred pucks.

Swear to God.

A good microphone like this with the like wind thing on it.

Maybe, maybe 150.

I don't know.

Nice.

I didn't pay for him.

Okay.

You got it for free.

Yeah, the company pays for him.

Okay.

Cool.

Is it your company?

No.

Okay.

Not anymore.

Two companies bought it since.

Okay.

Cool.

Anyway.

Any freaking way.

I feel like you are, you're limiting your own possibilities, man.

And like, I know I came in here with weird energy.

Yeah.

I want to just say that I came in here with weird energy.

Okay.

Thank you.

I, I, you're not apologizing that I, but I.

No.

I want to be really clear that I'm not.

I acknowledge that you're acknowledging.

I'm not, I acknowledge that there was a problem.

I do acknowledge that.

Yeah.

And are you sorry that I took it that way?

I understand that you took it that way.

And you're apologetic for any feelings that might be out there, even though you didn't cause them.

I didn't sure.

Well, like, if someone feels badly, I understand you're telling me maybe you feel, do you feel badly?

Did you feel badly?

I felt badly for the previous 20 minutes of this show.

The entire, the entire time.

When did it start getting like your, like, when you said it?

Please welcome to the show, scapegoat Smith.

That's when you started feeling bad.

Yeah.

When did you start feeling better?

Never.

I, it's gone.

You continue to feel bad.

It's continual down downward turn.

Downward turn.

Yeah.

So you feel like shit right now?

Yeah.

Okay.

And I had something to do with that.

Yeah.

Okay.

So I understand that.

Do you want to maybe write an apology on your notes app for me?

I want to say I understand that.

And if anyone does feel like shit right now, I understand that.

And I am just trying my best.

Typing right now.

I'm listening and I'm listening.

You're hunting and pecking on your phone right now.

Are you on the note?

I'm making a beat.

Are you on the notes?

I'm making a beat.

Let's hear it.

Okay.

What do we got?

Well, it's still in the beginning stages.

Okay.

Sure.

You're talking about boot boots, cats, boots, cats, boots, cats, boots, cats.

Something about it.

It's like something into the effect of like boots, cats, cats and boots.

Yeah.

Boots, cats.

You know, I worked on the movie Pussin Boots.

Pussin Boots.

Was that a porn or is that a cartoon?

Who knows these days?

Could be either.

Because that was actually one of the problems with the M&M.

What do you mean?

The M&M's the, that they just had to read.

The green M&M was that she had a Pussin was wearing boots.

So now they took her boots.

Yeah.

That's, I didn't think about that.

Does she even have a Puss anymore?

I don't know.

It is interesting to think about the M&M's having gender.

And to having sexual organs.

Right.

When you've eaten an M&M, have you ever thought, does this M&M have a Puss or a dick?

I guess I have.

Although every once in a while you'll have those M&M's that like stick out.

They jut out a little bit weirdly.

And you thought what?

Like, oh, okay.

There's a meeting an M&M dick.

Oh.

And you've thought that?

Yeah.

And then what'd that make you feel?

Warning.

Nice.

It's same man.

Man to man.

White man to white man to white man.

White man.

Yeah.

I never say just man to man.

Okay.

Good.

Yeah.

So anyway, that's, do you, I just, I, do you think that she still has a Puss?

Well, they redesigned her still to be female.

So I guess what does she have an orifice?

I mean, is she naked?

Is the shell clothes?

Does she have an orifice underneath that shell?

Does she have organs?

Does she like, these are the questions I do freaking ask myself.

But anyway.

Did you write these questions down on your notes app?

I'm trying to bring it back to the notes app.

No, for sure.

I did.

I have grocery lists on here too.

Cool.

Let me get a demine reading something.

Yeah.

Muscle milk, protein powder, egg whites, and cheddar cheese, spinach.

Yeah.

You are, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're, you're.

You're really, you're really.

Swole.

Chicken breast.

Yeah.

Thank you, man.

That's the fuck I was asking for this whole time.

Oh, okay.

We're good now?

Yes.

We, well, I've actually been good.

So if you say you've been feeling like shit for most of this, I stopped feeling like shit like 10 minutes in.

Okay.

Good.

All right.

Good.

You're very swole.

Yeah.

I'm very swole and I created, and no one looks at me and thinks I created this app.

But just be swole.

No.

Swole.

Justice for Swole, dudes, man.

Yeah.

No.

So like big, huge ripped guys can also create apps for $1.8.

And we feel things.

And I don't want to be blamed for having a dick.

Yeah.

Well, you don't anymore, apparently.

I have it.

Where is it?

It's in my possession.

It's just not attached to me.

Yeah.

Is that why you're carrying that brown paper bag right now?

The feels, I thought it was like tortilla chips because it's like kind of wet on the bottom.

Because I have a side of guacos.

It's like, yeah.

Yeah.

That's true.

Yeah.

No.

It's just.

Are you dipping your, your, your, and like licking the cat?

Cock in the guac.

And licking the guacos.

Cock of it?

Yeah.

Can't bite through the cop.

Turns out even a GTAT cop can't bite through totally.

Jesus Christ.

Is that the most disgusting thing you've ever heard?

Yeah.

It's up there.

Yeah.

Well, it's my truth.

And that's my problem is no one's been able to accept my truth.

My whole life and now you're doing that very thing.

I, I look, I, it's, please don't do it in front of me.

Yeah.

That's all I, that's all I add.

Don't do this in front of you.

Oh, God.

Do this in front of you.

Jesus Christ.

Why are you trying to bite through your own?

I can't feel it anymore.

Do you know?

No, but now you're being weird.

You're being weird.

Why would I not?

Do you want to try some?

No, no.

I don't want to try the guac that's happened.

I won't ask you to kiss me one more time if you try to have.

Cock and guac.

That's worth it.

All right.

Bring it over here.

Okay.

I'm not going to try to bite it.

Just try to bite it.

I can't.

Oh, no.

I'm choking.

Oh, God.

Choking on my, you're choking on my cough right now.

You're choking on my cough right now.

Are you the high?

You're choking on my, you need the high my lick?

Okay.

I got you.

Oh, my God.

I spit your dick out.

Jesus.

The, the pavement should have swallowed it.

That's what she said?

No.

Is that what we were getting to?

All right.

Look, self-goat Smith.

I regret bringing you on the show.

No.

I told you not to actually.

You did.

I did tell you not to bring it.

Right before the show started, you said you are not going to want to have me on the show.

Did you?

I did say that.

Have you learned a lesson?

I guess so.

Do you want to type something up in your notes app?

I would.

Yes.

Can I re I have been typing something up while?

I've noticed that.

What are you typing?

I really regret having scapegoat Smith on the show.

Yep.

I know that it was very triggering for people.

For people who do not have genitalia.

Yep.

Who have cut off their own and use it as an air-sats guac spoons.

Yep.

I apologize to any, it's not that kind of a show.

I've always said it's not that kind of a show.

And I apologize for having you on.

I'll try to do better in the future.

Oh, that's perfect.

That's perfect.

And you take full accountability.

I'd say, yeah.

Do you get money from that or?

Yeah, I do get money from that.

Okay.

I get 25 cents every time someone uses the the notes app.

That's going to bring you.

Yeah, we didn't even get into the finances other than the 1.3.

That's how I have one but I have an agent and a manager and a lawyer.

So then they're taking 30?

Yeah, taking 30.

This is matter.

Yeah, in a business manager.

Yeah, okay.

Yeah.

And plus do you have any union dues?

I do have union dues and.

Notes app union.

I actually don't have health insurance.

What?

And just the dick in the bag.

But whatever we don't have to bring the next guest on.

Okay.

No, we have to go.

We have to take a break actually.

Okay, I guess.

I guess.

No, I'm telling health insurance and you don't give a shit.

What do you want me to do?

Put your mind?

Help.

Yeah.

On my cobra?

I want to be on your cobra.

Can I be a dependent?

No.

I didn't have a childhood.

I yes, you did.

You never mentioned it.

You did a smash cut from being born to being on the football team.

Yeah.

But I'm pursuing.

Why the receiver with weak hands.

And you thought that was funny.

And that hurt.

That actually hurt.

But I know we've had enough time to talk and it's like not the like the most opportune time.

I did.

We had the perfect dismount.

We did.

That's what she said to go into a break.

Yeah.

And you have dragged it out.

Is that how comedy works?

Where it's like, yeah.

You know how like you.

I didn't.

I was on an improv team.

Really?

Yeah.

With those weak hands.

With weak.

You don't need strong hands out.

Whenever it's time to pull out a chair, I would tap my teammate on the shoulder and say, could you pull a chair out?

Full volume.

Did they feel it?

I would.

They would.

They wouldn't.

You'd pull a chair out for him.

But then they'd hear me though.

What about when you would have to cut from scene to scene?

When I'd cut from scene to scene.

I'd do it.

You'd do wipes.

I'd do it right after a justification.

What happened for a character?

With those weak hands.

With the weak hands.

I would I would run across.

My legs aren't weak.

So I would run across.

You have strong legs.

Strong legs.

Look at me, bro.

Yeah.

Look at me, bro.

People don't even remember to look at my hands because they see all this muscle mass.

Yeah.

Look at my thighs.

OK.

Look at them.

I'm looking at them.

OK.

Please don't ask me to kiss you.

I'm not going to ask.

I'm done with the kisses.

We did the deal.

I literally had you choking on my dick.

I don't need you to kiss me at this point.

I don't need you to kiss me.

OK, look, please let me go to a break.

Please.

OK, I like this is where I would sweep.

Please, sir.

Improves to you.

Sweep right now.

I would sweep at it right now.

OK.

All right, here we go.

We need to take a break.

But when we come back, we'll have a productivity expert and a restaurateur.

That sounds pretty good, right?

Something to say about that.

I'm supposed to give a shit.

God.

Oh, Jesus.

You looked at me like we have a productivity expert and a restaurateur with like and like, yeah, OK.

OK.

I'm just like, is it too much to ask for you to be interested?

I'm not like a bull.

Am I not?

No.

OK.

You're not.

OK, whatever, bro.

You're not supposed to say that.

Yeah, and I won't be the last.

You're not.

Unless you die right now.

The product you want me to die right now.

I wouldn't mind it.

Want me to die and come back to someone else?

Because I'm not going to.

All right, we need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from scapegoat Smith.

I'm sorry.

We'll also have a productivity expert and a restaurateur.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang.

Make out for this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

And I'm sorry to say scapegoat Smith is here with us still.

It's not an apology if you don't type it out.

Stop it in apology if you don't type it out.

You're just trying to get that 25 cents out of it.

I do do it.

All right.

Here we go.

I'm sorry that scapegoat Smith is still on the show.

I'll try to do better in the future.

Is that an apology to you?

OK, well, all right.

I had some notes.

There you go.

Are you checking your Venmo?

I had notes.

I am checking my Venmo.

25 cents.

We're in there.

Well, no, 25 cents shy of all my commissions.

And so I got five cents.

Oh, OK.

Five five cents.

Really?

Five cents.

That's not good.

That's like Dean Martin.

Think about how often people are apologizing.

Have you ever typed in your notes app?

Because you don't want someone to see you doing like three bubbles on a text to them?

I don't know what you're talking about.

Like, OK, when you're like, say you're trying to think of something to say to someone like in a text message.

In a text message.

OK.

And you don't want them to see that you're typing.

OK.

Oh, I see.

So you do it to the notes app and then copy and paste and put it in there.

And then copy and paste.

Have you ever done that?

I think it is weirdly aggressive to see the thought bubbles in the text.

I don't need to know what someone is doing.

You know, they should be able to keep that private.

Yeah.

Is there a way to block that?

No, no way to block it.

That could be an invention.

OK.

Well, then let's go and do this together.

No, it's a bubble blocker.

I don't know.

No, no.

It's a bubble blocker.

Text-chain bubble blocker.

Let's do it.

What do you want to be?

You want to shake on this?

Yes.

Shake my shoulder.

Yeah.

I don't want to hurt myself.

Just grab me cans.

Grab my face and shake me hard as hell.

Let me know you're in.

Here we go.

Oh, no, no, no.

All right.

Thank you.

We're in.

OK.

All right.

Well, maybe our next guest can help us with our maybe our workflow or at least our deliverables or something like that.

But he is a productivity expert.

Please welcome to the show Jonas Kings.

Here's my deal.

What makes you such an expert?

Here's my deal.

OK.

Yeah.

Oh, you're giving your deal in right away?

Here's my deal.

Hold up.

What is that?

You're holding up.

What makes you such an expert?

This is a pencil.

I have a number two pencil right here.

What makes you such an expert?

Yeah.

This has to do with that.

Well, I guess I'm a cell.

My number two.

Are there any other?

By the way, number two pencils.

They have a lock on pencils.

They do have a lock on pencils.

Trust me.

I'm trying to get it.

I mean, like number one.

Also, like number one.

Also, like number three.

I remember that Nelly song that was like two is not a winner and three nobody remembers.

Of course I do.

Like I am number one.

Yeah, you did.

You say that to yourself every morning.

You say Nelly.

You say you're in the shower or on record?

What?

I did it in the shower.

It wasn't like a deposition.

I just like.

What's your favorite?

I mean on like in a recording session.

Oh, no, no, no.

It was amateur just around the house.

I can make you a beat if you want to beat.

Yeah.

You had that beat you were doing before?

Go ahead.

Boots, cats, boots, cats.

Number one is the best.

And here comes number two.

Sorry.

That was my approximation of the lyrics.

Yeah.

First time I've ever fucking said sorry in my life.

I accept your budget.

What's, which, which I don't want to say what your deal because that's how you came.

Why are you holding the pencil?

I love pencils.

I'm a productivity expert.

A lot of productivity is lists and items and to do so.

What do you must use the notes app a lot then, right?

I've never do.

I'm a.

Oh, no.

You're an idiot.

Get in the times.

Also, I smart phone.

You're a pencil.

Why?

I smart phone.

Why?

What happened with it?

I mean, do you have any experience with them or you don't like that?

Yes.

I got my life taken over.

And I think a lot of people have this experience where they lose, they spend too much time in their phones.

Sure.

And you find yourself just doing screens all the time.

So I've gone to a pure, non-screen, lifestyle.

What's your average, your average screen time a day?

I average 23 hours a day.

23 hours.

That's very high.

Very high.

23 hours.

That's almost as many hours as there are.

Last week my use was up 23 hours and 42 minutes.

Oh, it was up.

Oh, really?

It was up average more.

23 hours.

You were spending 18 minutes not on the phone today.

So what happened?

You just fall asleep for those 18 minutes.

You must have to screen out on your sleep, I guess.

Were you micronapping?

I was micronapping.

Yeah.

That's the way to do it.

I was micronapping.

I just take these like brief nap skin of energy, get a boost back at it.

Yeah.

Is that good for productivity, by the way?

It is.

The micro anything approach is the way to do it.

For a microdick, don't want one of those.

Am I right?

But from when you have a microdick, right?

I mean, it's not micro.

No, it's not micro.

He's got it.

It's got it.

Okay, so how big would you say it is?

I mean, it's not 45 pounds, but it's in the 30s.

Well, it wasn't wet.

It was dry.

Well, yeah.

It was wet.

It was wet with guan, but it would have soaked through the brown paper bag.

Anyway, I was going to say, as somebody who was sitting here watching that go down, what a fascinating exchange of a guest and a host.

In what sense?

You won't see that on your...

In what sense?

You won't see that ever again.

I don't think you'll see that in your Colbert shows.

Yeah, I don't expect Colbert to take the detached dick out of his guests and slobber a guac on it and then put it in his mouth.

And that's why I do like, as much as I was coming on here and like being like, weird vibes towards Scott, I do have a lot of fucking respect for you, my man.

Yeah, let's tap.

How do you...

Let's tap.

Let's tap that kiss and then suck my dick a little.

That's the holy trinity of bro bonding.

But, but, but...

Ciss suck my dick a little.

But it would be very productive, would it not?

As a production?

Absolutely.

Yeah, you would come from it.

To do those three things.

To do those three at once, you'd get a lot of bonding done.

Right.

A lot of people only do one thing a day, right?

That, you know, that's, it's funny you say that.

That is my deal.

I advise one thing a day.

I can't believe I've got to say it.

Whoa!

Productivity expert.

We're not makes you such an expert though, bro.

Self-taught.

What makes you better than any of us?

Just proofs in the pudding.

Just helping people's lives.

Wait, was there last time you actually had pudding though?

Uh, great question.

Let me think.

When did you have time to have pudding?

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

You must be so productive.

I've got lots of time.

I'm a time management expert.

So if I wanted, I could have pudding 40 hours a day.

So you're not 40 hours in a day.

Oh my god, this guy thinks we're fucking dummies coming for us.

No, no.

An hour is not just an hour of time.

That's a common misconception.

An hour is how much you get done.

So I could get an hour's worth of things done in say 10 minutes.

Whoa, so you're, it's like you're living 40 hours a day.

That's right.

I have.

I am so efficient that I get 40 hours of stuff done.

You're getting what other people only get done in 24 hours.

Do you get bitches, bro?

I don't like any of, maybe the words that you're using, but I can have a sentiment.

Bro?

Yeah, bro, Bob.

Do you?

No.

I don't like it.

Do you?

Okay, well, no.

There are bitches and then you're women.

I think I really don't like any of those.

There are boys.

Do you get bitches, bro?

Maybe I like do.

Do is okay, unless you use it in doo-doo.

You feel?

Thank you.

The doo-doo style from AdRock.

What about you?

Love AdRock's doo-doo style.

Okay.

There are bitches.

There are women.

You're cool, by the way.

Seemal.

See, but look, see, you have a very cool energy about you.

This is fucked up because I came on.

I'm not much different than this guy besides I have more muscles in my dicks cut off.

And somehow he's cool.

I don't know, he's just got this thing.

He's just the way he's dressed.

The way, I mean, you're- Ex-factor?

You're wearing a cool almost just in Timberlake style fedora.

Oh, thank you so much.

Yeah, it's very cool to wear this love.

Yeah, you know, it's because I'm relaxed because I'm not stressed.

I got away from the phones.

How do you get so much done?

Well, it is...

Stay away from the phones, first of all.

Sure, no chance.

Get your list up.

But actually, I'm in a place where I do one thing a day.

What does that mean? You only do one day.

What's one thing you did today?

Like, what's that?

I haven't done it yet.

What you're doing here right now.

I'm saving you.

But you're doing this.

This isn't it. This is not count as my thing.

This is your thing.

Who are you, the strokes?

No, I'm sorry, giant drag.

Wait, what?

This isn't it.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, this isn't it.

I'm not the strokes.

I'm not the first track on their album.

It's a reference, I think.

No, but this is something.

Like, who are you to say this isn't something?

That would be to dismiss me and my- Yeah, thank you.

My brother, man, over here.

Thank you.

What's your name?

Stalemate scapegoat.

Stalemate.

Stalemate Smith.

Stalemate's my cousin.

Really?

Yeah, but we're done talking about me.

Okay.

We're done talking about- All right.

I am going to interject when I feel the need.

Because everything I say- Seems like you're feeling the need quite a bit.

Everything's important.

Everything's not a thing.

This isn't a thing.

Because this is- You got to feel that one.

This is leisure.

I'm enjoying this.

This is something I'm doing for- Is it leisure or is it a leisure?

Ledger?

Like, Heath Ledger?

Heath Ledger?

I've always thought that one would be a leisure. Is it not leisure? Is it not? Is it? Is it?

Traveling ledger?

No, that's- Is it not leisure?

No, no. Ledger is- Oh, oh.

Ledger is- is either Heath Ledger an actor or something that you write down.

Now, what is it? It's like the proto notes app.

What is it? Heath Ledger is it Heath Ledger.

Interesting. Like Edgar- like Edgar Wright, like Heath Ledger Wright.

Jay Edgar Hoover?

Yeah.

I learned about Tim and back in high school.

Did you- did you watch that movie, Jay Edgar?

Now I mean, like I can't just sit still enough to watch a movie.

Good for you.

I have another friend who has a piercing in her butt that she's only able to sit down for- An actress, a piece.

Yeah, and her anus is pierced, I believe.

Why would you get your anus pierced?

I have no idea. She worked at Claire's, but she could only sit for a half hour at a time.

She worked at Claire's, so she got her anus pierced.

Yeah.

So she couldn't see a movie. Blue Jasmine was the only movie she's ever watched.

Which- I wonder if it's holding up now.

I haven't talked to her in a while.

The anus piercing or the movie?

Just to tell her both.

Honestly.

Honestly, I would love to get my ass pierced, by the way.

I'll do it right now.

With your ears dicked.

I'll do it right now.

Tell me how that would work.

If I could sharpen it, I'll sharpen it.

Well, yeah, because I can sharpen it.

At this point, I am able to sharpen it on the side of this curb here.

Like on a wet stone?

They're like, it looks like your curb stomping your own dick right now.

I just want to say, you don't need to mutilate your detached penis just to give me a piercing in my butt.

I feel like once you do this, you're going to lose some of the pads off the dick.

This is insane!

And I feel bad.

I'm- you're right.

I'm not going to do that.

I don't want to- It's insane, but it's something you brought up unprompted.

No, no.

It would be insane to pierce your butt with my dick.

I think that's right.

Yeah.

That would be weird.

I think we all agree.

It's got to be something better to pierce my butt with than your detached dick.

Why do you want one?

Just because I'm an agitator because you- Well, that sounds fun.

Would that be your one thing?

Sorry.

Nope, it'd be leisure.

But I'm not.

The one thing is a chore.

It's a task.

I see something you don't want to be doing.

Exactly.

It's something you have to do.

They say if you can work doing what you love, then you never work a day in your life.

I subscribe to that theory.

And if you spend your hours doing things that you love, you're not- you get more hours in the day.

I love being on my phone.

So then- Okay, so if that's joy for you, then that's not- But for me, it causes an almost immediate nervous breakdown.

Okay.

So I can't get my phone.

What do your nervous breakdowns look like?

It's crazy.

Show me.

No, no, no, no.

I don't want to have a nervous breakdown.

Show me- No, no, no, no, no, no.

Put a phone in his face.

We're going to put a phone in his face.

Put a phone in his face.

Whoop, whoop, whoop.

I like it.

He turned into a two dimensional cartoon.

Yeah.

Yunga, yunga, yunga.

This is a good song.

I feel freestyle over that.

If you guys keep that, you can- Okay, yeah.

Yunga, yunga.

I've come down.

All right, whatever.

I just want to make a song.

I just, you know, the phone coming represents, you know, an unseen audience of critics.

You know, it's like, I worry about what people think of me.

I get full of- Do you react that way to just any phone?

Like Alexander Graham Bell style phones?

Yes, since the smartphone creates that reaction, now when I see like an old rotary phone, I also get the same feeling.

Oh my god.

Yeah, that's telegraphing.

Yeah, Morse code.

Does that do it for you?

Yes, if I see a telegraph- Semaphores?

I picture a bunch of guys with big handlebar mustache just criticizing me.

So it's rough.

That's a lot of- You have a big handlebar mustache.

That's what's so strange is like- I love the Lord judging them.

Can I ask you something maybe personal?

Sure.

Are you a white dude?

Let me check.

Yes?

Okay.

Yeah.

Yeah, so I do- Do I do?

Do I do?

Yeah.

We should- We should change the name of the show.

Do I do?

Do I do.

I think- And maybe one more.

Well, we don't know.

Maybe.

Yeah, we could.

We could.

What do do I do?

Do I do to maybe one woman?

I can think of many podcasts that I've paused to.

That's almost it.

That'd just be a genre of my case.

Maybe one woman because you don't want to hear people's shit.

Is that too long of a title?

Anyway, I just want to say that like, I like get you and I didn't want to like kiss me.

Okay.

This is a slippery slope.

This is going to lead you to- And honestly, no.

Show him on his dick with guacamole.

No, you're not going to suck my dick because Scott already did that.

But- Only one a day.

That's what I like.

Only one dick suck a day.

No, seriously, I'm only doing the kiss me thing too to see if like you guys are brave because I know some people don't want to kiss strangers during COVID.

I did feel- I know.

I was making myself vulnerable to do it.

Yeah.

I just came from a rager.

A morning rager.

Oh, no.

I wish you had told me maybe before we kissed right on the list.

Yeah, rager.

Well, do you want to- Would you do it again?

If you had a permission- I would have- But I guess I would have- I would have liked to know that just so that I could be taking risks.

Have all the information.

Yeah, yeah.

Just so that- Yeah.

Hey babe.

All right, well- You went to a rager this morning.

I went to a rager this morning.

A morning party?

Where- Like what was it celebrating?

It was an aware house.

It was just celebrating Wednesday.

Like they happen every day.

But- But- But- Do you know how hard it is to- Today's Monday.

Why would they be celebrating Wednesday?

Well, because Wednesday's coming.

Okay.

I like to celebrate Wednesday early too.

Like, winter's coming?

So is Wednesday.

Yeah, that's a good reference.

And I'm just saying, never see that show, but I know the reference.

Ho door.

Do you know what that's- You've never seen the show?

Do you know what the big reveal on that was?

Ho door.

Someone's related to someone.

I don't know.

I've never seen it.

Interesting.

Have you ever seen the town?

Not that much.

I have seen the town.

You like the town?

Ah, I think it'd be shit.

Okay.

I've never seen it.

Let's let Jonas- Yeah, it doesn't matter.

I'm having a good time.

Yeah.

Hey, something I was thinking about.

So a rager would not be a task, because that's something I assume you enjoy.

I did.

Yeah.

So under my theory, you still have your task left to do.

Like you- So here's the- I think people are- So you're addicted to work.

They work too much.

We get too obsessed with our tasks.

Right.

You have to restrict yourself to one task today.

So what if you worked out a job?

Would you consider like- Quit that job.

If that job makes you- What if you loved your job?

But wait, what if you loved your job?

Then it's great.

Then you could say.

Okay.

Then you're enjoying it.

Say you're a pizza delivery person.

Okay.

And you love it, but you hate going to one house.

Is that your task?

Do you do that one house?

Once a day.

Right?

That could be your task.

Okay, because the people don't tip you, or they have a mean dog that barks at you.

Or they just subtly undermine you.

I've done that to delivery people.

Can I ask you something?

I'll do.

You just make a little judgement.

How do you subtly undermine- You come to the door.

Let's role play this.

I'll be the delivery person.

Okay.

And this will be my boo.

Who's in the car with me?

All right, nice.

Okay.

So we do change our voices for this part?

Yeah, a little bit.

Yeah, try to make your voice slightly higher.

Hire.

Okay, here we go.

Ding dong.

All right.

Oh, hello, yes.

Hi, I have your delivery here.

I'm his boo.

Yeah, this is- Well, we're on the outside.

She's trying to get me back.

Oh.

You just say that to anybody?

Just hoping that they solve your problems.

Okay, goodbye.

What do you say?

Do you just say that to anybody?

I didn't hear- I didn't hear- Do you just say that to anybody?

Whatever he was trying to do on me.

Yeah.

Didn't fucking work.

What if the door back open?

I said, you just air your emotional problems to strange- Change the language.

Yeah, I do, bro.

What's it do you?

Change the language.

Just seems like you're- You're outsourcing your- Why are you in my face, bro?

Just your outsourcing your emotional burden on people?

You're trying to embarrass me in front of my boo?

No, I miss boo.

Don't do that.

This is my boo.

This is my baby.

He keeps me safe.

You guys shouldn't be together.

Why?

This is a bad couple.

You're looking to get a pizza in the face, pizza face.

What? Hey, I am sensitive about my acne.

That's- Where'd you clean that up?

Babe, that was a little blow.

I can't.

We'll soap and water, bro.

Hey, babe, that's- Instead of all this oil.

That's a little blow.

Sometimes it's hormonal.

That's a several dermatologist and they are baffled.

You look like Katy Perry in that commercial.

She's gorgeous, babe.

Not that commercial.

The other commercial.

Okay.

Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay.

That's an insult.

I am very sensitive.

You know what?

No, you get- No, you get to do that.

Oh my God.

You're doing it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- I'm gonna do it for- Do your boo cats.

Boo.

Cat boo cat boo cat boo cat boo cat boo cat boo.

Dude, this sounds amazing.

I was recording that and I just uploaded it to my sound cloud.

Nice. Nice.

Yeah.

You're editing machines broken, but you're able to release stuff to sound cloud?

Incredible.

Have you been following me?

Have you known my editing machine broken?

I was sitting here the whole time.

I was sitting here texting when I got scrolled- I'm still in the improv, bro.

Quietly.

No, hang on a second.

Yes.

Wait a minute.

You the pizza guy uploaded to sound- Did you sweep us without us noticing?

Yeah, I tapped somebody on the shoulder and asked them to sweep.

Okay.

I think- All right, we're out of it now.

I got confused.

You broke the reality of it, right?

Yeah, my apologies.

Also, the expert did not wait for some big laugh to sweep at it.

Yeah.

And you're not fucking razzing him.

Yeah.

You have something- I do just want to say you have something against me.

I actually productivity expert- Yeah.

Jonas.

Okay.

Why wasn't it just John?

If you're asking me why the name that somebody else gave me wasn't just John- That's the thing is like, why two syllables for names?

Like one is enough.

You know what my parents- Two months.

You know what I mean?

I mean- I actually were over-imbitious.

Yeah.

They're building the lily- Over-imbitious!

As the immortal Bard once said- Bam, over-imbitches.

Nice.

Great port montage.

That's your cell.

Thank you.

Next time you get into a relationship- Over-imbitches.

Over-imbitches.

You over-imbitches bitches.

No, I never directed at them.

I just say it.

Whatever.

You're saying I think that people are taking it out on you personally?

That people are coming at you kind of hard?

Yeah, don't you feel like that sometimes too?

Yes.

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

A lot of our guests feel that way.

We get it.

Like they come on the show before they can even get their deal out.

I can't imagine.

Onto something else.

No, I'm not- I'm here.

I want to hear about the productivity expert.

What are your credentials though?

Like in a real way?

Like where did you go to school?

Would you study- He says he's self-taught.

I'm self-taught.

I did go to school but not from productivity.

But you have to go on to school like- I did.

No way people- Yeah.

What are we talking? Pre-K?

No, I went to the whole full bard all the way through full bard.

Full bard is actually a bard.

Bard is a woman school.

Yeah.

What are you creeping around in the hallways of bard for?

What are you doing to bosom buddies dressing up like a woman and going to bard?

I think bards coed, although I did attend in drag.

But I think bards are coed school.

Simon's Rock Bard College, right?

The Great Books program.

Yeah, that- Yeah, I'm right.

They accept- they accept men.

No, yeah, you do.

I went in drag just for the- You went in drag just for the sport of it?

Sport for the thrill?

For the thrill, yeah.

How was that?

It was pretty fun.

It was kind of my thing, you know?

Yeah.

You know, sometimes people- Did everyone know?

Did they figure it out like right away?

Oh, yeah, it was bad drag.

It was- Because you still have that handlebar mustache, I would- Had a handlebar mustache.

Not a feminine frame.

I have a question.

Sure.

If you have a handlebar mustache and you're worried that people a bunch of guys would like- Oh, a mustache.

Dude, like, I say things wrong sometimes.

Does it mean I'm dumb?

Like- Should Hannibal Burris be called Hannibal Marstash?

Hannibal?

Maybe.

It's still too many syllables.

Yeah, true.

Anyway, so if you have a handlebar mustache and you're worried you got this, like, room of critics or like handlebar mustache people, is it like that you feel like you're your own worst critic sometimes?

Yes, yes, that's exactly right.

I'm deeper than people think.

Thank you for understanding me.

I thought you were about that deep though.

So you- You- So this- Also, I feel this is unnecessary, but I will say in that particular moment of the conversation, I was worried about what- When I was looking at a telegraph what I would worry about, and when I look at a telegraph Morse code, I envision an audience of people with handlebar mustaches criticizing me.

Yeah, but that's- You know, the audience is fitting to whatever the telecommunication device I'm looking for.

Are telegraphs Morse code?

Do they use Morse code to communicate the telegraphs or is it- You know, because you see it in old time, he moves where the guy's like- Tapping on some of you.

Are they- Tapping on Morse code?

Sometimes I'm making beats.

Yeah.

The original boom catch.

Have you ever- Yeah, yeah.

Must be.

I don't know what other way you could communicate with a telegraph unless like- Maybe- A little squish or something.

Yeah, but then you see those stenographers in court, and they got those machines, and that's not Morse code.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

You've uncovered a huge conspiracy, I think.

That is weird.

Yeah, interesting.

Somebody's hiding something.

Weird.

So in any case, do one thing a day.

Do one thing a day.

People work too hard.

Yeah.

They need to only- They need to restrict themselves to doing one thing a day.

That's quite important.

Don't use any screens.

Okay.

Stay away from the smartphone.

I've helped a lot of people with this.

And then you're successful?

I would say yes.

I'd make a cool $64,000 every- It's not three, four years.

Every four years.

Yeah.

That's- Not too bad though.

Where do you live?

Currently on my brother's couch.

And you think you're successful?

Sure.

Are you able to use any other part of the house, or just you have to stay within the couch?

It's funny you say that I am currently grounded to only stay in my brother's living- Wait, does he like literally punish you?

Or ground you?

Yeah, if I misbehave.

What did you do to get grounded?

I undermined the family at dinner.

I made a lot of personal observations.

Okay.

Because you're grounded.

And so- So you basically- Are you allowed to go to the door?

I'm restricted to the couch.

Yeah, the couch has the- Bathroom?

The living room as a bathroom.

And there's a door out.

You can go to the bathroom?

I can go to the bathroom.

And the bathroom is outside?

No, there's an indoor bathroom.

Oh.

But I'm lucky enough that the living room is a front door.

So I can still get in and out of the place.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

I'm not restricted to a confined indoor room.

Okay.

All right.

And how long have you been grounded?

Let me check.

Seven months.

Seven months?

That's a long time.

Yeah.

This dude does not- He made a lot of personal statements about his wife and his children and that.

Like what?

I mean- Well, I was like, this marriage is bad.

You're bad at each other.

What are you like airing your problems out on other people?

What about the children though?

I was like, you seem like you're never going to be anything good.

You're inherently bad.

We have to come from you.

So just the quality is not their physical appearances?

No, I didn't know.

I never make- What do its kids look like?

They're beautiful.

Okay.

They're just beautiful little- They're just lovely little- They're lovely little people really attractive.

We're not going to mount to anything.

I don't think they're going to mount to anything.

That sucks.

One of them I think is kind of boring.

And the other one I feel like is a real pushover.

Runs in the family.

I would say.

I'd say.

I'd say, can I ask something that's- Yeah.

Hey, please.

Sephymore, what's your name?

Sephymores.

This is what I mean.

You're not taking me seriously.

Sephulter.

Sephulveda.

Sephulveda Smith.

I'm just kidding, bro.

That was a joke.

Those are the lyrics.

No, who are you again?

Because my notes are right over there, but I don't want to lean over to look at it.

Are you using the notes app?

Did you use your notes?

No, unfortunately I'm just using a computer.

Okay, well, uh, scapegoat Smith.

Scape-coat.

That's right.

Scape-coat.

What do you want to add?

You literally suck my dick and you don't remember my name.

Hey, it happens.

Okay, cool.

Do you remember the name of every single person you've been with?

Uh, no.

Hey, good news.

I found a number three pencil.

Whoa, okay.

What's the difference?

Is that like finding a $2 bill?

It's just as rare, I think.

Yeah, what is the difference between a two and a three?

Soft or the higher you get?

Yes.

So why do people use number one?

Uh, two, you want some give.

Two hard.

Well, then why do they even make them?

I think at first people just weren't sure what they were doing with pencils.

They wanted a range of options, and then everyone kind of settled into the number two.

So then said D&O2 is the best.

Two is it?

Are there like sixes, sevens?

I don't know if anybody could push it that far.

I've been out of the pencil game for so long, I have no idea.

But I remember a number.

I don't use that.

A number one at some point.

And they had.

Number one.

And a number three.

Maybe they're for art purposes.

They are for art.

Three is much easier.

So sometimes it's better to draw.

Yeah, I took a drawing class.

I just sat, but I wasn't able to, I wasn't good.

Those weekends?

Yeah.

That's what I took the class and like...

Did you do it like Myla Footstyle where you were like...

No, no.

Like my feet are pretty, they're not weak, but they're not...

You're strong thighs.

Very...

Thank you.

But you don't have prehensile toes?

No.

You can't grab things with me.

No, I can't grab things with my toes.

Mm, yeah.

I'll kick people with kick ass with it.

Yeah.

That's brave of you to make that you can help things with.

Thank you.

You're the first person to ever say anything nice to me.

So...

I don't think that's true.

People have said nice things to you right in front of me.

Yeah.

So I think if you had a pencil that was number seven, that would be so soft it would just be like liquid.

I think it would just be like...

Yeah.

Gloop pouring out of the...

Oh my God, you should invent liquid pencil.

You'd be like Mike Nesmith.

Oh, I'd be rich.

I love it.

I could use it.

I'd love to do it together.

You should do it.

We've had a liquid pencil on liquid paper.

That would be a dream.

Would that be like gel pens, but pen for pencils?

Or no.

I think it would be like even more than gel pens.

Like I think gel pens still have some...

Well, liquid pencils would be paint, right?

Whoa, we just invented paint.

Oh, I could retroactively claim ownership of paint.

Well, number seven pencil would just be like goo coming out of the pencil.

Would you want to go in business with us as the bubble blocker too, by the way?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

The text bubble blocker.

Sure, I'd love it.

As long as I don't have to look at the screens, I want to be involved.

What are your suggestions for us in order to get this off the ground?

Because right now we're in beta testing.

I'm an alpha, but we are in beta testing.

Yeah, yeah.

We're definitely both alpha.

Which aspects were you?

We're not even safe beta testing, honestly.

Literally, they just call it alpha testing.

Yeah, let's just call it alpha testing.

Alpha testing.

Alpha testing right now, which means we've come up with a name and the idea.

What was the idea of the bubble?

Basically, we don't want anyone to know that we're typing on text, so we want those bubbles to be blocked.

Yeah.

For our text just to come up, so we don't have to use the notes app.

I'd be an incredible invention.

Yeah, it would be.

So how do we get it going, bro?

Do you want to go and bro?

Since you're such an expert.

Yeah.

How do I get it going, bro?

I know how to we get it going, bro.

No.

Don't try to match our energy.

Don't match our energy.

I don't want you to go.

You're obviously not an alpha.

You're not an alpha.

You don't have to pretend to be an alpha.

If you're anything, what's the seida data?

Because of data.

You're a data from the Star Trek next generation.

You're not.

Yeah.

No way.

I'm a warfall away.

You're a total data.

No way.

I'm a data cook.

I'm not a data cook.

I'm a warf.

You're a good dork.

I wouldn't even give him data.

I would be like, Fada.

I'm not the cheese.

Yeah.

You're a Troy.

Yeah.

What?

You're a Troy?

No.

You're a Wil Wheaton, even worse.

Worse.

What?

Just a couple seasons?

Come on.

Couple seasons and then people go, oh, he's too annoying.

Get him out of here.

No way.

I'm a super warfer.

I'm an extra number one.

You're not a warf.

You're not going to the spin-off.

You're not going to DS9.

You're getting toxic like I am, Scott.

I feel like you're rubbing off on me.

I can't even like it.

I feel like I sucked your guac dick.

And your energy is rubbed off on me somehow.

I kind of like it.

More of this.

We need more of this.

You like being treated like this, bro?

It's turning me on.

I haven't asked you a question.

How big is your dick?

Sopping wet, chub.

What status of chub and wetness?

OK, I'll go through the snorkeling.

I want it slightly damp.

Damp.

Slightly damp.

And totally, totally soft.

What is the liquid on it?

Is it water or is it guac or some other sort of...

Yeah, what's the heaviest liquid?

The heaviest liquid.

Some sort of oil or mercury.

Molasses?

Mercury.

Yeah.

It's damp with mercury.

OK.

Damp with mercury, fully soft.

Fully so soft that it's like you're not even thinking about it.

OK, so how big is my dick?

So soft that I'm not even thinking about.

How much does it weigh, bro?

How much does it weigh?

Don't care about laying.

You're just getting the parameters.

How do you weigh?

Coded mercury, fully soft.

Yes.

So that I'm not even thinking about it.

Yeah.

I think the mercury is going to be most of the weight.

OK.

I'm going to say half a pound.

Half a pound.

That's fucking sad.

Because before when you said...

That's 40 pounds.

I just want to say that.

And I know you were saying respect, but I would say concern.

Do you want 40 pounds?

Rigamortis works.

Plus we're talking about the elephantitis of the testicles.

Yeah.

Oh, OK.

Including that.

Oh, if I wear the testicle, I think that...

Oh, let's push it up to three quarters of a pound.

OK.

The test was also coated in mercury, sort of a weird gold finger situation, with the dick and balls or just covered in silver mercury.

I'm going to say yes.

They're bedazzled in mercury.

They're not covered.

They're just, yeah, speckled.

OK, so just like playfully speckled.

Yeah.

Playfully.

All right.

I'm going to say...

Like a Jackson Pollock.

I'm going to say 0.6 pounds.

0.6 pounds.

Respect.

Stop.

Let's step.

Can you say dupe when you're zapped, bro?

Do you think anyone want to kiss?

Does anybody want to kiss?

Told you I don't want to kiss.

All right.

Well, OK.

Nice.

Good.

Nice.

I like this guy.

I'm down to go to business with...

I'm down to go to business with this guy.

Yeah, I want to go into business with this guy.

We got two business ideas, and they'll probably be a third one.

Wait, what's the second one?

Because all I remember is the...

Bubble Blocker.

Oh, no, Liquid Pencil.

Liquid Pencil.

Yeah, number seven pencil.

That's full liquid.

Bubble Blocker.

You can only write on Liquid Paper with.

A bubble Blocker, which is on me too.

What about a pager for remote control?

Yeah.

So like, if you're remote control, if you want to use it, you need to page it, and it gets back to you and calls you.

So if you want to change the channel, you page your remote control.

And some point in the future, it gets back to you and lets you know if it did it or not.

I feel like we're doing our other show right now.

No, we're not.

Because this is not...

This is a different...

This idea is bad.

I feel like this is a different show somewhere.

No, this idea is bad.

This is not a...

This is a bad idea.

Oh, okay.

All right.

That works.

Why did you bring it up if it's such a bad idea?

Because sometimes you're worst.

Have you ever come up with a TV show idea, and it's like, no editing?

No.

I wish.

Other people come up with them and I put my name on it.

You're editing your own ideas and then you discover the idea you think is bad is actually low key good.

Whoa.

Okay.

Is that productive?

That's...

I asked the productivity experts.

That sounds pretty good.

That sounds real and into the conversation.

I'm going to have to mark this down also as my task for the day is now...

Now you're not enjoying it.

You're not enjoying it and we're engaging in work.

Like a chore work.

Yeah.

We're starting a business.

I am sorry and that'll be the third time in my life.

I'm sorry and that's...

They've all happened in the last hour.

Wow.

Roll a threes.

Should this be our company where we do these three things and we just keep it to these three things?

Bubble blocker number seven liquid pencil.

And the remote control pager.

Remote control pager.

That came out of nowhere but sure.

Let's just...

I just was thinking about it.

These are the three things we focus on.

Because I can't find my remote control at my house right now.

Right. So page it.

So page it.

Perfect.

If I can page it, I didn't know if it can get back to you.

It'll tell you where it is.

I've heard many times that if you have a business, it's important to do one thing well rather than many things badly.

And I think that's what we're doing.

Because these are all very related.

These three things.

Yeah.

The one thing is the text pencil and remote control.

Yes.

That's our one thing we're going to go well.

I think this is a good one.

What do we call ourselves?

What do you think of it?

Um...

White guys.

The three white amigos.

The three white...

Perfect.

Yes.

If I heard of the company called the three white amigos, I feel like let me in on that.

That sounds like a good company.

Cultural or a British people.

That sounds like good things are going down.

Three white amigos.

I like it.

If anyone's got to probably get it.

I can't wait for the IPO.

We can put a little thing in the notes app.

Yeah, we'll do a note app to apologize for it.

But it'll be too late because I'd rather ask for forgiveness than permission.

That's a mission.

I think the stock ticker could be WY, WY, WY, like Y for a male person.

Yes.

Yeah.

And then the upside down...

Y, right?

The Spanish Y.

Oh, I love that one.

Yeah.

So Y upside down, Y, Y upside down, Y.

The Spanish Y.

Yeah.

Okay.

We're in.

So three white amigos.

The three white amigos.

Love it.

Yeah.

I mean, that's definitely in our podcast.

I really hope our next guest is white.

I hope so.

We'll find out.

We have no idea.

He's in the other room right now.

So we have no idea if he is or not.

Is this like Morrie where there's a so-and-so's in the other room and they cut to just like...

Yeah.

Just like a room...

Soundless.

Dressing room cam.

Yeah.

And we're also going to find out if any of us are the fathers of any of the restaurants.

And we're also going to find out...

Just as a service?

Yeah.

No.

We do DNA testing as we walk in here.

The fathers.

I haven't been able to conceive for reasons everyone underst...

Well, sure.

Well, not conceived.

Well, sure.

But if you know...

I haven't been able to...

Yeah.

Your dick is detached.

Yeah.

It'd be a weird miracle if you're still good.

We also...

I hope...

By the way that you're not able to because I swallowed quite a bit of it.

So I don't know anything weird happening.

I...

We could also maybe in between this take COVID test.

Because I did go to that right here.

Sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

We'll do that during the break.

Okay.

So we need to take a break.

When we come back, we have a restaurant tour.

Hopefully it's a white guy.

We'll go find out.

We don't know.

Fingers crossed.

We're going to be right back with more scapegoat Smith, more Jonas Kings, and a restaurant tour will be right back with more comedy bang.

After this...

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

We have scapegoat Smith here, the innovator, the inventor of the notes app.

We also have Jonas Kings.

And collectively we are known as the Three-Wet Amigos.

And we all took COVID tests during the break.

And we have the DNA test.

The DNA test all opened the envelopes at the end.

And...

Yeah, because I saw that lab technician take a swab as I walked in.

Yeah.

Did you want to do the COVID reveal and the DNA?

You were not the father or you are the father at the end?

Don't love to do it at the end.

Yeah.

Let's do it at the end.

All right.

And we're seeing any of us or the father of any of us?

Yeah.

Anybody.

I could be your daddy.

I couldn't do it.

I could well be your daddy.

Dout it.

I could be your daddy.

Are you just saying like, I can make you my son?

Okay.

No, little bitch.

I'm just kidding, dude.

It's us.

Yeah, it's us.

The three-wet amigos.

White dude, white dude, white dude.

White dude, white dude.

We could save it.

It's fun.

Well, we're going to find out if our next guest is a white dude.

He has a last name that could go either way.

I don't know.

He's a restaurateur.

I mentioned that.

Please welcome to the show Dude Fierro.

Scott you motherfucker.

Thanks for having me in your backyard.

He's a white guy.

That's how I like that.

I'm white and I love it.

All right.

You love it.

I knew it.

How's it going, Dude Fierro?

It's good.

It's going real good.

I just want to get a couple of things out of the way real quick.

My dick soaking wet weighs about two pounds.

Two pounds.

Okay.

That's not bad.

Okay.

That's pretty respectable.

Hey, respect.

Respect.

Put some respect on my dick.

All right.

Put some respect on your dick.

All right.

Thank you so much.

But I've been touring the country sky.

Is that the other thing you want to get out of the way?

Because you said you had a couple of things you wanted to get out of the way.

So your dick sopping wet two pounds and you've been traveling across the country?

I like this guy a lot.

Alpha for sure.

Alpha on board.

This guy's big alpha energy.

Yeah.

Much like us too.

Yeah.

And not me.

Not me.

Not you.

I got data energy.

Data.

Yeah.

I guess this is the big thing.

This is the total data, Troy.

You're a warf Picard.

Wow.

That's, you know what?

I love that.

That makes me feel really good.

I wish I knew what those words mean.

I've just simply too much of an alpha to understand.

Who's that guy who played Murdoch on the 18th?

Dwight Schultz.

Remember him in the next generation?

I did.

You're talking about that.

You're talking about Charles Copley from the movie.

Oh, okay.

You have less, you're less than a data.

Keep us in the mechanic, right?

He was.

Yeah.

What was his name?

You have his kind of energy.

Oh, wow.

But not when he was role-playing.

Telling you.

Just on the holodeck.

Zeta.

Zeta energy.

Let's just go there.

Wow.

All the way at the end there.

Well, Zeta is not the end there.

You would think it would be but Omega.

Oh, no, Omega.

I'm looking for the tastiest, most delicious bites.

Oh, I've got something for you.

Yeah.

I mean, you can come to the right place.

Yeah.

Anyway, go ahead.

You're serving up some snacks back here.

I'd love to chow down because I'm just looking for something.

I'm just looking for something that's the weird deal.

You are looking for the real deal?

The Hollyfield right over here.

I'm never at Cockingwalk.

I'm never at Cockingwalk, but we do serve Cocking on our menu, but that's just what we call chicken.

Oh, OK.

Interesting.

Well, where do you wait?

What's your restaurant?

My restaurant is Dude Fierro's Tasty Town.

Is the part of it?

Or Dude Fierro's?

Oh, Tasty Town.

Well, it's Dude Fierro's Colin a Tasty Town.

A Tasty Town.

Yes.

And everything there is scrunching.

More restaurants should have Colins.

They should have tagline.

Yeah, it's a subtitle.

That's part of their, yeah, you know what I mean?

The tagline is you're going to want all this in your mouth.

Oh, OK.

I think that's your tagline as well.

I've said that before.

I fucking have.

Yeah.

Cool.

So where, what town is this located?

We're located all over the country.

Oh, it's a chain.

It's a chain.

It's, you know, that's why I'm touring the chain.

Chain, chain, chain.

You see respect?

I have seen respect.

And you know what?

What?

Respect.

Yeah, much respect on that.

Yeah.

I haven't seen it.

Anybody snubbed?

Yeah, we got any snubs and flub.

This is the Monday we talk about snubs and snubs.

Snubs, snubs, right.

Snubs City?

Yeah, snubs City.

Who do we got?

Freaking.

A lot of time.

Oh, yeah.

Freaking.

I saw a lot of names just on the internet, but they were all blending.

Yeah.

All disrespect to Lady Gaga.

Not enough.

Oh, there we go.

That was.

No, no.

That was.

What about Jared?

Rebecca Hall.

What about Jared?

I'm talking about from Subway.

Once again, snubs.

Rebecca Hall.

That's who it was.

And she was in the town.

Yeah.

You never seen.

Rebecca Hall.

Much respect to Rebecca Hall.

Yeah, totally.

But much respect to you.

You have a chain of restaurants.

That's amazing.

Yeah.

So I've just been going, you know, town to town city to city.

Just check it in on the daily operations.

Because, you know, I'm very involved.

I'm a hands-on kind of guy.

Yeah.

And, but I'm also- You're strong hands.

Those are really strong hands.

Thank you.

I only work out my hands.

Really?

Yeah, because every day is handy.

Every day is handy.

Because, you know, when you're in there, you're something.

I get behind the kitchen.

I get in there.

You need strong hands.

Again, the kitchen.

You're folding burritos.

You're folding sandwiches.

Is that the most extreme thing you can do with your hands?

Is folding burritos?

I mean, just about, Scottie.

Have you ever worked in a kitchen?

Uh, yeah.

I mean, well, I mean, I was front of house.

But- You weren't going to put your restaurants?

I communicate.

Yeah, I did.

You ever hear my other show of three?

Oh, never mind.

Just listen to that one.

You'll hear all about it.

Yeah, yeah.

So I'm just going around.

But I'm also- I'm going to city to city also.

I love how you reset yourself.

I love that.

But I've just been going around.

That seems to be like your touchstone.

And stammering before it.

Just to make sure I know what I'm saying.

Hey, bro, can I ask you?

What's your point?

Go off.

What's my point?

I'm looking for the next tasty thing to put on my menu.

All right, well, thank you.

Come to the perfect place.

What is on your menu currently?

I'm glad you guys.

We got a couple of things there.

We got pig taint jerky.

Pig taint jerky?

Or pig taint jerky?

Pig taint jerky.

Oh, okay.

It's pork jerky.

But you know, everything's got- We're kind of twisted in the kitchen over there.

We kind of have a big laugh.

You know, a bunch of white guys in the kitchen.

Goofy's.

Nice.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, things have been so great for you.

You can joke about just meaningless things.

It's the best.

I- You know what?

Can we just stop real quick?

I know we're just a bunch of white guys.

Can we just talk about how good it is for one second?

Oh my god.

It's so great.

It rocks.

No issues here.

No problems.

No regrets.

No, it rules.

I love it.

It's my favorite thing about my life.

Man, I remember when I was at youth and I would be stopped by the cops.

And they would search for my car for drugs.

And we would all laugh about it afterwards.

They used to have it to me.

They'd be like, what are you doing?

Your mom's going to be worried about you.

Get home safe, kid.

Yeah, I love it.

I remember interviewing for corporate jobs back when I was willing to work for other people.

And I'd walk in and they'd be like, whatever you want, dude, pick your desk.

It was so easy.

Damn.

Just dumb.

Damn.

So good.

Damn.

So good.

Yeah.

It fucking rocks.

But yeah, you know, I'm because you don't- You wait, wait, wait, wait.

Well, you might not know.

You've been traveling around.

Why aren't you making fun of him for messing up?

He's our treasure guest.

Dude, that's whatever.

He's the fourth white amico.

We've already made it.

You and I have made a men's scot.

I'm going to talk a bit.

Yeah.

Okay, cool.

I don't want you guys to change it to from the three white because I like to be the fourth third.

You want to be like Dartanion?

I'll be dark.

Dart.

Yeah, I call him Dart for short.

Oh, okay.

So you wanted to be the third white amico's in Dart.

You guys are big musketeers heads.

You're really into the three musketeers.

I love them.

I love those guys.

You know, all of them, man in the iron mask.

Yeah, Justin.

I'm m-ed's related, certainly.

Yeah, yeah.

He's one of my favorite guys in the musketeer cannon.

In the musketverse.

Yeah.

And you know what musket?

He's part of the musketverse.

Let's go.

He's a Saturday Night Live episode, by the way.

Can we talk about it for a minute?

No, we can't.

Why?

No, we can't talk about it.

Why not?

I don't watch that show.

Well, the three of us can talk about it.

Okay, we'll go off then, guys.

I love Wario.

Go off, brothers.

I love Wario.

Better representation of the Italian American community.

Him as Wario or Jared from House of Gucci.

Subway.

Or Jared from Subway.

I'll include him.

Man, just Jared from Subway did so much for the community.

Have you ever had an Italian BMT in France?

Oh, man.

Yeah.

Oh, Mamma Mia.

Yeah.

I hope that when this comes out, Elon Musk tweets about it, because his tweets always like, they're eye-opener.

This shit cracks me up, man.

He's so- He's hilarious.

He's hilarious.

Yeah, he's hilarious.

Yeah, and his car is always work.

Yeah.

He's hilarious.

Anyway, so you're looking for good snacks.

What else is on there besides pig taint?

Jokey?

We got chicken titty sandwiches.

We got hog meat sandwiches.

Hog meat.

Yeah.

Hog meat.

It's like a hog warts almost.

It's kind of like that, but different.

It's like a parody of Hogwarts.

Can I say something about your menu of options?

Shoot, baby.

I can't believe you're going there.

What?

Oh, what?

We're talking- That's what I think about what I hear you say.

Yeah.

I can't believe you're going there.

This is kind of extra.

Yeah.

It's a little extra in our first Yelp.

For you, it said these guys really went for it.

Wow.

Yeah, that's a kind of thing.

Nice.

How many stars?

Yeah.

How many stars?

I'm sorry.

I just want to make some stars.

It was a five star review.

Nice.

Oh, no.

How many stars go into the restaurant?

Oh, yeah.

Like Hollywood stars.

Hollywood stars?

Yes.

The stars that shine bright in the sky.

Lambchop was there the other day.

Really?

The puppet?

The puppet.

Lambchop was there.

Nice.

By himself?

Yeah, they were there.

Themself.

I'm sorry.

I didn't know Lambchop's grown ass.

Yeah, we don't know.

So no Sherry Lewis just lambchop.

No, Sherry.

No, I'm forced.

Sherry's no longer with us.

No, Lambchop is still out there a gallivanting around the town.

Yeah, she's one of the biggest stars I know.

Lambchop's still out in these streets.

Yeah, I've always like one of these days.

You're going to be in the back there, baby.

And she's like, I don't know what that means.

I'm going to cook them up.

Oh, oh, I can't tell you.

You're talking about eating your ass.

You threatened?

Well, first, that's what I do in every animal.

But before I kill it, because this is what I do.

I oversee every sort of every kill that goes before the kitchen.

Because we don't serve any of those.

Really?

I hunt all the food.

And you admit, if I was eating at your restaurant, you came out since one day you're going to be back there.

The first thing I would think is he wants me to eat his ass.

But what you do is you eat his ass?

You butcher the animals in the kitchen and you make them eat your ass first?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.

I make two people eat my ass.

And then I get back there too.

I'm not just a one and done kind of guy.

So you go to your restaurant.

And I eat food.

I'll be the this food.

I ate that guy's ass.

That I should think that.

Yeah, absolutely.

And it gives the food sort of agency.

Because I'll only let them do it if they really want to.

And also they, you haven't seen what I'm working with back there.

They can't resist this.

You've got cakes.

Yeah, cakes for weeks.

No, bake.

Cakes for weeks.

I guess I would put a certain flavor on it.

Like a truffle kind of flavor on it.

Yeah, I'd say it's a genisequat.

Yeah, oh.

I don't think it's genisequat.

I know qua what it is exactly.

It's your ass juice.

So I've got best animal to eat your ass.

Go.

Don't think.

Oh, but it would be.

You see me improv.

Don't think.

Don't think twice.

You're going to try to spit.

Don't think twice.

Yeah, I'm going to like do a little bit.

By a country mile, it's a goose, of course.

Oh.

Because of that long snout?

They get right in there.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's like, yeah.

Duck duck.

And then I'm sort of like, if I can get them to all agree, we do sort of a human centipede sort of thing, but like a tarducky and eating my ass.

Yeah, so it's like, jeez.

I mean, foie gras is basically like goose liver that have been fattened up.

Yeah, yeah.

So I mean, it's delicious.

And if you ordered that at my restaurant, you have the dudes guaranteed that that goose ate my ass.

OK.

Nice.

Oh, get into the vegetarian options.

Oh, OK.

Tell us about those.

You seem put on that you have to offer them.

We have to offer them.

I guess in today's society with cancel culture and all that.

We don't want to get canceled for an offering vegan and vegetarian options.

Yeah, but OK, so go ahead.

I wouldn't even look at them, but tell us.

Well, yeah, it's on a separate menu.

And it's made with crayon because it's for fucking babies.

Ah, awesome.

As a data cook, sounds good to me.

Mm-hmm.

You, yeah.

I'll have some crayon.

Yeah, wait.

Who doesn't like a crayon?

Let me tell you something, too.

Every everything in that, in my restaurant, it's been straight up the old high knee.

If a crayon was a pencil, what number would it be?

Just, I don't know.

Yeah.

You know, that's interesting.

Well, well, well, you guys were saying that it's soft.

I would say a pencil is softer than, or crayon is softer than a pencil because it is.

It can melt its wax, is it not?

I guess so.

Yeah.

I'd say it's like a five.

Mm-hmm.

Dude, I have to say, you're like this other guest I have on the show.

He is exact opposite.

What do you mean?

Yes.

Kisses.

Yeah.

Whoops.

That guy is...

I shop at Kisses all the time.

That guy, Elmer Rowe, he kisses all of this food.

But he has a supermarket, which is the opposite of a restaurant.

So you can get food kissed by one guy, and then up the asshole or another.

Yeah. If you got your supplies from Kisses, it would be like...

What's the opposite of a neck?

By dick neck.

Coming from my shaft here.

Interesting.

I actually, you know, we sell a lot of our products in Kisses grocery stores, actually.

Oh, you do like frozen versions?

Yeah.

Yeah, we sell frozen.

We sell sometimes at a farmer table.

I'll just slice a throat and set it on his way, you know.

I've noticed that because I've been in Kisses when Elmer Rowe is kissing your products, and he makes me grimaces as he does it.

Because he knows he's kissing something that's been right up here.

But he still doesn't.

He knows.

He's got to make good to his word.

He's a man of his word of all of it.

If all else.

Seems like he would stop buying from me.

I mean, he hated it.

That stuff's so good, though.

He can't keep it on the shelves I've heard.

I guess I've done stuff that I've grimaced before.

So it's like you could say the same thing about me.

He didn't come to mind.

Well, if you're grimacing, that's your task for the day.

Yeah, exactly.

He's got to sell it.

So Elmer Rowe.

Yeah.

Albert Rowe is one tasking day.

Kissing the stuff that you're kissing the stuff that's been up.

He's got to do it.

But you know.

He's asshole.

I'm going town to town here because like I...

Thank you for resetting.

Right.

Appreciate it.

Restaurants have been put through it, you know.

We haven't necessarily had the foot traffic that we used to have.

How many locations do you have?

I got about like 400 locations.

There weren't a number.

So many.

I might have to shut a couple of them.

Two of them, right?

At least two.

Really not so bad considering the economy.

Yeah.

There are some redundancies.

It's like there's some where in one city there's like one right across the street just because of overflow.

I might have to close that one.

That would really...

That doesn't sound too bad.

Nah, it's been really hard for me.

It's been so hard this whole thing.

I get it.

But you know, we like to add local...

Local...

I don't see...

You don't know?

I know.

You said...

We like to add and then you said, you know.

You have never been to do Fieros.

A restaurant.

Colen or restaurant?

Colen.

A tasty town.

You've never been?

I've never...

No, I've never had occasion to go.

Is there one...

That's a full name again?

It's Dudfieros Colen.

A tasty town.

Now I'm looking at your website.

The Colen is spelled out like Colen because everything's been in your Colen.

Yeah, it's okay.

So yeah, welcome to the party, Scott.

Dudfieros Colen.

Yes, exactly.

A tasty town.

This makes sense because I've been to your restaurants and I ordered a cheeseburger, which was quite tasty.

Yes.

And I asked the waiter before I had it.

I was like, do you recommend your cheeseburgers?

And he goes, we wrecked him.

But I think I misheard him.

No, yeah, you did.

I thought he meant like we, you know, we cooked them so well that they're wrecked.

But he meant that they had been up somewhere.

No, that's a tasty burger you have.

Those are exclusively made with cow anuses too.

That's the one ring that we got there.

Yeah.

Again, I wish I had been told some of this information.

I did enjoy it.

It was a great...

It was a great thing.

Someone who didn't scan the QR code.

You're right.

I don't have any screens, so I'm not able to scan the QR code.

Oh, God, I'm squaring those QR codes.

I get it on my number two pencil and paper and I copy the QR code and I ask people...

Isn't it kind of interesting that QR code just popped up out of nowhere for all these restaurants?

It's so interesting.

Crazy.

Wow, guys.

You're tracing the QR codes?

I traced the QR code and then I'll show them to other people and be like, what do you think of this?

And they open their phones?

Yep.

Why don't you just give them the QR codes?

It's on your table instead of tracing them.

I don't want to get...

I don't want to risk...

Too close to a screen.

Yeah.

Too close.

Interesting.

But so I'm going town to town.

Sure you are.

We're trying to get local cuisine on the menu.

The restaurants have been hit hard, so we haven't been able to go to other local restaurants.

So I would go into people's homes and see what they're cooking up for me.

Oh, okay.

So that's why you're here is because you wanted to see what we have here in my place.

I thought, you know, it's like, who better than podcasting's number one guy, Scott ochreman, to put something on the menu.

I got some food I was going to have for lunch if you want to try it.

Yeah.

I got to say...

What do you got over there?

What do you got?

Jonas.

This is a ham...

Jonas?

Jonas.

Sort of mad at me for no reason, even though I'm trying to help you find out.

But yeah, you have to get over here with your lunch.

You know, I was offended at a data trip, but now that I think about it, two compelling characters, I don't really mind.

I think I'd rather be a data trip.

I'd rather be a good one.

Good.

If you know yourself, you know, like just own it.

Total.

Thank you.

Thank you so much.

How you wear it.

Yeah, it's how you wear it.

That counts.

I appreciate it.

Yeah.

Anyway, chose.

Okay, so this is my sandwich.

It's a ham and cheese on rye.

Mm.

Got a little mayonnaise.

Oh, no, sorry.

This is Russian dressing.

Thought it was a mayonnaise one.

This is a Russian dressing.

I had a little...

Is your mayonnaise usually pink like this Russian dressing?

Yeah.

How could you make that mistake?

That's a weird mistake tonight.

I have pink mayonnaise, so I get it confused with my Russian dressing sometimes.

Do you like that pink salt?

Yeah.

Do you mix it up yourself?

Like do you got food coloring?

I make my own mayonnaise.

I make...

I emulsify my own mayonnaise.

And I am throwing some colors there.

I like to make my fine oil.

Egg whites, oil, and food coloring.

No, I use...

I put ribbons for that too.

Like to give it a color.

Like AIDS ribbons?

Yes.

I have a shit ton of AIDS ribbons.

Like old ones people aren't using it?

Yeah, but like the late 80s, I used to be a...

You know, donate to a lot of Broadway shows and I was really into that cause.

Still supporting...

Still still against AIDS.

Still against AIDS.

Still against AIDS, but the ribbons may be...

They're not as relevant as they once were because people are more...

Interesting.

They're more aware of AIDS.

They were for AIDS awareness.

Scott, I heard you rattling off those ingredients for that dressing.

You gotta get into Tastytown, my man.

You gotta get you in the kitchen.

Just because I know ingredients to things.

Yeah, Scott doesn't...

But he also doesn't do kitchen stuff.

He does front of house.

Yeah, I'm front of house.

Yeah.

So good looking.

But I've heard the Tastytown hires fast.

If you're at a restaurant and you're at the table, I was just talking about a picnic I was going on.

The waiters came by and offered me a job.

Okay, I feel like we're all thinking he's saying different things because I think you think that he's asking me to work there.

Yeah.

He's asking me to go eat there and I think you're asking me to eat your ass.

He's asking you to eat your...

There's a world where all three could be true.

I don't think I've ever been to a restaurant where I started working there, then ate there, then ate the...

I'll eat your ass but I don't want to end up on the menu.

Okay, can we kiss first?

Okay, well, I love that.

That's very nice.

I should tell you I went to a rager this morning.

That day, every day's a rager when you're at Tastytown, baby.

Okay, okay.

So here's my sandwich.

You want to try Tastybide?

This is a ham and cheese on rye with some Russian dressing.

Okay, I just do this right into the microphone real quick.

Yeah, people love that.

Kind of like a beat.

Kind of has a freestyle over it.

Yeah.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

Nice.

Plus, we have the helicopter.

It's a bear.

It's really freestyling involves lyrics, but I like that we just make a bunch of noises.

Yeah, and I just do boots, cats, but it's really the beat, but you can freestyle a beat.

I don't want to put any fingers, but it didn't sound like Scott did a thing.

I'm enjoying it.

Someone's got to be the audience.

Can I give you a sandwich of critique here?

I would love it.

Just, you know, not an out of ass on this thing.

If I'm for you guys, I don't really, I don't get enough.

There's not enough.

Every meal, every meal has a story, you know, and every meal should take you on a journey.

And I just think this came straight from the fridge, put on a plate and I just took a bite.

I mean, that's true.

And until this moment, I did not know that was a flaw.

Yeah.

But the food came out of the fridge right on the plate.

That's true.

I just, you know, it's...

So you can tell that pig did not eat anyone's ass before it was slaughtered.

Yeah, this is different than the food being up your ass.

You want the animal to have eaten your ass in the middle of everything.

You want the head completely up there.

Yeah, you can tell.

Almost like, almost then wear me as a mask so far up.

Was that, was that in either of the mask movies?

Someone's sticking their head up the mask.

I don't think...

But, and then saying somebody stopped me.

I know that Ace Ventura, like, Richard Nixon...

He used his ass to talk, but not the mask.

There's no ass stuff in the mask.

For a second thought, you were talking about the Eric Stoltz movie mask and that you were calling Eric Stoltz character the mask.

That is in the mask of hers.

You have mask, the mask, and son of the mask.

Those are the three mask movies.

And it doesn't happen in Eric Stoltz mask either.

I heard they tried to shoot it, but then they were gonna recast him.

Oh no.

Michael J. Faughts.

They were gonna get him to come do it and he was like, gee, not again.

Yeah, interesting.

I can't keep covering for Stoltz, he said.

So is that about it for you or...?

I don't know.

Well, you don't have anything for me to eat, to add to my restaurants menu.

I've been trying to say it and Scott's been cutting me off.

Typical white guy energy, but I get it.

We've been cutting each other off.

But I hate to see white guy and white guy disrespect like this.

Obviously, obviously.

So, I do have Cock and Walk, Cock is mine, the Guac is from home state.

The Guac is for the tape.

They make a great Guac at home state.

Guac is for the table.

Yeah.

The cock will at the end of the day go home to me, but here is...

Could I dip it in this and have you suck it?

I'll try it.

You know, that's not any, that's not weird or anything.

By the way, it's about exactly what you've been doing.

By the way, we're not nibbling the head to be clear.

We're starting at the separate portion.

And we should...

Okay, so we're going just straight through it.

This is not like corn on the cob.

This is purely a...

use it as a plastic spoon type of thing.

Yeah, okay.

All right.

Here we go.

Dip.

Doesn't taste like ice, but...

So, Jason, it's like the next door neighbor's.

It's just...

You know, I'm getting notes of ass.

I'm not getting the full fig, but I'm getting that it was near it.

It was near.

Because I don't have it...

Notes of ass, if an animal ate your ass, and then you slaughtered it and had its internal muscle with that bee.

Dig a Mr. Logic over here.

Jeez.

I thought you were the productivity expert, not the restaurant expert.

Since I've been in a death...

There are ways for your doctor to know if you've eaten ass, because my doctor asked me...

How many alcoholic beverages do I have in a week if I do any drugs and if I've ever eaten ass?

You're talking to ask for that?

Yeah, my doctor asked you...

So, you're saying the way that he would know is if he asks you and you still...

No!

What a genius.

Go right into the doctor's trap.

I'm the only one who hasn't sucked scapegoat's dick.

Would that be ahead of I had a taste of the cock?

Yeah, go ahead.

It's for the taste.

Hey, hey, it's my dick.

You've got to ask me.

That's true, go ahead.

May I have some of the cock and guac?

Yeah, do you have consent?

Yes, you do have consent.

All right, here we go.

Okay.

I do taste notes of ass here.

Yeah.

That's why everyone's an ass expert now.

Hey, you know, when you hear your family.

Hey, that's pretty good.

I like that.

I just...

The only issue with having the cock and guac on the day...

Listen, the thing about the cock and the guac is it's a done deal.

It's...

The cock severed the guac.

It's a done deal.

What's your issue with it though?

It's just that it's hard.

You know, you're going to have to come to the restaurant.

We can make this an event though, because there are some restaurants that charge like a thousand dollars.

That sounds like a good place.

It's so rare.

Yeah.

So you can be sort of like the big guest of the night.

We'll charge a thousand dollars for people to freaking just notch on your cock.

You can cut off your own.

I need this thing.

He is getting bitches.

I don't want to say it, but I'm getting bitches.

Right?

Really?

Yeah.

I can only imagine.

You're traveling from town to town.

400 locations.

I'm traveling town to town looking for the tastiest bites.

And sometimes that requires a bitches too.

All right.

You know, this didn't used to be this kind of show, but...

We'll get to that one.

Guys hanging out.

We...

This is what happens when four white guys hang out, I guess.

It is what it is, Scott.

It is what it is.

Well, look, we're running out of time here.

I wanted to talk about what a comedian's job would.

And that's a...

Shit, it's an canceled culture.

I'm asleep at it here.

Tap me in the shoulder and I'll do it.

And actually, yeah.

And you wouldn't know...

Do you want to sweep that into our next feature here?

Yeah.

Because we only have time for one final thing, and that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Plugs.

They can tell you where to go.

Or would guests would play a show.

Or would show that they were wrong.

Man, these plugs are fucking bomb.

You can share them with your friends.

You can't tweet them, make them trend.

You can't see them in a song.

Damn, these plugs are fucking bomb.

Oh, yeah.

Wow.

I expected him to say long, and he said, bomb.

He said, bomb, yeah.

That was plugs least chicken with plugs least.

Boy, that's something that could be in your restaurant.

I think it like butt plugs least chicken.

Oh, yeah.

Bang my line.

Please, bang my line.

I'll add that to the restaurant.

Just like, bang my line.

Bang my line.

Finally, razzle.

Razzle.

Drag is that.

You come on.

Oh, I've been canceled.

You're playing my blind.

Come on, bro.

If you hang out with the three white amigos, you're going to get razzle.

Yeah, you're razzle.

But it's all in good fun because nothing can hurt our feelings.

No, yeah.

Or two built up.

We got all the gas.

Too big to fail.

Yeah.

All right.

What are we plugging?

Scoop?

What is your name?

Yes.

Scoop.

Scape goat.

What do you want to plug?

I'd like to plug a program.

It comes on Saturday.

Saturday.

Saturday's.

OK.

You must be talking about like cartoons or?

Saturday morning.

This is Saturday night.

Into Sunday morning, Scott.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

Like Nightline, I think.

Are there some new Saturdays?

Nightline.

Saturday Nightline.

Yes.

Line from New York.

Yes.

It's Saturday Nightline.

Yep.

Wow.

OK.

And that's what.

When's that coming?

I mean, it seems like every year or so, the Olympics come on.

Then I don't get to see that show anymore.

Well, it's coming on after the Olympics are all wrapped up for Saturday after the Olympics.

First day.

And who's the host?

Oh, you're not going to get me to reveal that.

I think it's already been revealed.

OK, good.

Just making sure.

Who was it though?

I care about it.

John Mulaney.

Recent father.

Are there going to be sketches about that, do we know?

We'll never know because the show gets prepared the week of.

No, they should do it earlier.

They can't.

No, no, no.

Hey.

I've done a whole bunch of shows where like we've written it months in advance.

Hey, Scott.

It comes out really well.

Are you suggesting the work on that show is not good?

No.

Why would I?

Are you suggesting the work from the people who are on that show is not good or suited for your podcast?

The people involved are amazing.

OK.

All right.

Wonderful.

And let's see.

What's your name?

Jonas.

Jonas King.

Of course, we've said it so many times.

Jonas.

Yes.

What are you following?

Jonas a million times.

I would like to plug a podcast called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about comics.

Oh.

It's a comic book.

I'm a fan of this podcast.

It's by two brothers, two white guys.

Two brothers.

OK, when you said two brothers, I got nervous.

No.

Don't you worry.

It's two white amigos.

They're not branded that way, right?

Because we're going to have to sue them.

I don't think they brand themselves that way.

They don't have that kind of energy.

OK.

They're real pushovers.

They're real data Troyes.

Yeah.

They're real data Troyes.

Two data Troyes.

Will Heines and Kevin Heines.

Screw.

We're just going to talk about comics.

That's my plug.

What about isn't there a show that came out last Wednesday that you maybe want to plug?

Sure.

Yes.

There's a came out.

Yes.

Last Wednesday called You Can Handle the Sloots.

I'm a fan of this show.

I had personally had nothing to do with it.

Right.

But this guy Will Heines does a show where there's a bunch of the world's greatest detectives team up to solve a case.

OK.

And that's over at CBBWorld.com.

CBBWorld.com.

That's right.

It's an episode of CBB Presents.

Yes.

OK.

It was very funny.

OK.

It was very funny.

I thought you liked it.

I thought it was good.

How does one go about getting a CBBWorld.com show?

I don't know.

I mean, I felt like we were doing one in the middle of this one.

For a minute.

No.

OK.

All right.

Cool.

Just ask for a different one.

For a friend.

All right.

Same thing.

And what's your name?

Duke Fiero.

Dude Fiero.

Dude Fieros.

OK.

What do you want to plug?

I'll go ahead and plug this show called Get Played.

Formally called Out at This Get Played.

And everybody loves the change.

Yeah.

I bet they do.

People love it when people change names of podcasts.

People love it.

And they love the new formats that they're taking on.

And nobody's upset.

But it's a video game show hosted by Nick Weiger, Heather and Campbell and Matt Apadaca.

And they just talk about video games.

They're having a lot of fun.

And you know, just check it out.

It's great.

Yeah.

As a productivity expert, what do you think about video games, Jonas?

As long as you're only doing one a day?

Or if you like it, you can do it all day long.

You can only imagine people not enjoying it.

And if you're doing video games, is it sure?

One per day.

But if it's something that you actually enjoy, have at it.

It used to be a chore for them.

And now it's something they enjoy.

Now it's OK.

Good.

Wonderful.

That sounds a lot like my other show on CBBworld.com.

Called Scott Hasn't Seen.

All right.

I've been forced to watch terrible movies.

Thinking I would like a bunch.

And to be fair, I have liked a bunch of them.

At least it only takes maybe an hour and a half, two hours and not 40 hours to figure out it's not good.

Oh, that's true.

But last Friday, we put out an episode about Dick Tracy with Seth Green as the guest, where we did a deep, deep dive on Dick Tracy and heard a lot of interesting stories that Seth told about meeting Warren Beatty and all sorts of stuff.

Wow.

So that's really good.

And then the aforementioned CBB presents.

We have some really good stuff coming up.

And if you want to hear the complete archives of this show and ad-free episodes, that's the only place you can get it.

Go over there to CBBworld.com.

We also have ad-free freedom and the Andy Daily podcast project, which is Bonanas for Bonanza.

Ah, boy, that was a mouthful.

You ran out of breath for it.

I didn't know.

I had too much.

I took it a big breath for it and said, oh, you ever do that?

It was like, too much.

Gotta let this out.

Get it all out.

Yeah.

I don't breathe when I speak.

I've noticed.

Head over to CBBworld.com.

You can get, if you buy it for a year, you get two months for free.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

♪ Take me on the road, put it down ♪ ♪ You're coming over ♪ ♪ Just time to start to close it ♪ ♪ But don't close it to what you're making ♪ ♪ I'm not blind, man ♪ ♪ But open it up that's not me ♪ ♪ And when you open up that bag, you open up your heart ♪ ♪ For the rest of the world, I'm talking ♪ ♪ Open up the plug bag ♪ ♪ Open up that plug bag ♪ ♪ But don't close it up that's not me ♪ ♪ I guess I'm a red flag ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ ♪ You can't pretend you're holding up your heart ♪ Wow, I liked how that turned into like a chromium or a stacy cue kind of thing in the middle. That was a honey japple seed with closing up the plug bag, parentheses, sweet chat wrap remix.

A lot of good uh uh doctor sweet chat oh no's in there.

By the way, did any of you say oh no?

Oh no! Okay, not bad.

Oh no?

Mm hmm.

Oh no.

All right, good.

We got it.

Two out of three.

Got it.

Twenty twenty two of course is the year of oh no.

Guys, I want to thank you so much for being on the show.

First of all, what is your name?

scapegoat smith.

I it's the disrespect and not remembering my name.

To be fair, I haven't remembered anyone's name.

This entire show.

My notes are too far away from me.

Are we a forgettable bunch, be honest, because I asked you.

Will any of you be back?

I can't quite.

I'm coming back.

You're coming back.

Ten years time.

Let's all three all of us get together just as the four wide amigos.

Yeah, I thought it was the three wide amigos in Dart.

Oh, that's right. You're right.

The three wide amigos in Dart.

Okay, well, we're here in ten years, but not before.

I'm going to be back soon.

Okay, good.

Next month.

You might be scapegoat quite honestly, because you have that kind of alpha energy.

Yeah, I'm looking for.

I'll be back.

I'm going to melt into the ground and disappear forever.

It's like liquid pencils.

Thank you, Jonas.

So great to meet you and dude Fierro.

What more needs to be said?

You're a kissy is exact opposite.

I wouldn't even I would need that thought had never even occurred to me.

But you know what?

He's a good he's a good guy.

He's a good guy.

You're a good guy.

Hey, thank you so much.

All right.

Let's should we do the by the way, we need to get the COVID and paternity test out here.

I'm opening up the envelope.

Exciting.

All right, dude Fierro.

You do not have COVID.

Thank God.

And you are no one's father.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry.

He even get bitches.

Jonas Kings.

Yes.

Ooh, you do have COVID.

Oh, no.

And you are dude Fierro's father.

Weird.

Skate goat Smith.

Yeah.

You are all of our fathers.

Yeah, you're all my son.

I can see that.

What?

And you have all of our COVID?

Yeah.

What?

The alphabet is moving.

You're moving our COVID.

All of our COVID.

You are the total alpha.

Look at all these muscles.

Oh, man.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
