♪♪♪ You've heard of law firms, we're more of a law squishy.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you, Elvis Cholesterol Stello.

For that catchphrase submission.

AKA sausage o' consent.

Sausage o' consent.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

What a week it is.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

Boy, we have a great show coming up a little later.

I want to say lawmen, but that's not really accurate.

A law, something, I'll tell you that much, we also have a current intern of mine.

We'll be on the show.

Again, look, this is the backyard era of Comedy Bang Bang.

We are not getting the stars.

Although our first guest is an exception to that.

Yeah, yes, yes, yes.

He was on the show January 18th of 2015.

That's right.

Seven years ago.

We're going to see what he's been up to since then.

He is, of course, you know him from Workaholics.

You know him from Game Overman and he is in the current hit from Shonda Land.

Is that right?

Yeah.

Inventing Anna?

I'm in Shonda Land now.

Wow.

Anders home is back.

Welcome.

What up?

You are so committed to this show.

I have to say, Anders, you showed up two days in a row.

Yeah.

I came here yesterday wearing the exact same clothes I'm wearing now.

Ready to rock?

And you were like, wrong day.

Everyone was very confused because we, my wife's assistant was here and she came and said, oh, I just sent your guests to the back.

I was like, guess for what?

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

And then I heard, it's Anders.

It's Anders.

Well, that wasn't you.

That was, that was my wife who looked out the window.

Let me just throw my manager's assistant Abby under the bus.

Okay, good.

It was not my fault.

No, it wasn't your fault.

It wasn't my, it wasn't covert, my PR team.

Everyone else was doing their job correctly.

Abby fucked up.

Abby, you've done fucked up.

She put it in my calendar wrong and if she's not fired by Monday when this airs.

Wait, can I make the final decision though because it really impacted me more than you.

I know you drove an hour here and an hour back.

Yeah.

I know what.

But it really was like, it put a fright into me and it ruined my whole day.

I hadn't been on a drive like that for a while.

So it was just nice to get out.

My folks are in town.

That's what you told me.

You were like, look, I don't even care.

My folks are in town.

I wanted to leave.

Just a little escape because like they had just gotten here.

So it was a lot, you know.

Yeah.

Now I'm thinking you did it on purpose and you're trying to get your managers assistant fired to cover.

I did hold up my hand and said help me on the inside and you didn't do anything.

I didn't do that.

Yeah.

I still are wearing tree torns because I wore tree torns the last time I saw you.

Yeah.

I feel like every time I see a picture of you, you were wearing tree torns.

That was the tree torn era.

Yes.

So yesterday I put on a pair that were my favorite that I've had for like a decade.

And when I got home, the souls just cracked out from under me, John Bailey and Brett Gellman.

True.

And so then I threw these on.

Also those are beautiful.

I don't have any any more mine fell apart and tree torns.

I believe I got one pair free once.

I love another pair.

Yo, tree torn.

Get in my guy here.

Get at my guy over here.

Well, sure.

I love to wear matching tree torns.

That'd be amazing.

One day.

They're the best there.

If if if you truly are like a guy who collects shoes and you don't just have that's a pair of like canvas tree torns to just check that box.

Mm hmm.

I don't know what you're doing.

Don't know what you're doing.

So tree torns hit us up.

You can find us on social media at Andres and Scott where we're going to start a new account I think.

Just for Scott dot dot shoes to us.

Yeah.

Spelled SHOO like she fly right right right.

Anders welcome back to the show man so much has happened in the last seven years.

You were on with American football the band and that's right.

That's right.

And was that their first appearance or was that in my life?

Yes.

It was their last appearance.

It was them and I believe John Lennon.

John Lennon was here.

Yes.

Of course.

Yeah.

He back from the dead.

Not my can for it.

He couldn't make it but John Lennon was there.

Yeah.

That was a fun episode and then Nada.

Yeah.

Just zilch since then.

Nothing you haven't been in anything.

What's happened?

What I'll say is that it's up to my manager's assistant as to what I do and I guess you didn't book anything.

So again dead to me.

You can just you can reach out to me personally.

See you you would have all this kind of stuff where you'd get the wrong day.

I probably should.

Be on more often.

Dude.

Yeah.

You know I haven't done much.

We did game over man.

That was fun.

Yeah.

You could have come on for game over man.

That would have been fun.

I watched that movie.

Did you like it?

Yeah.

I do like it.

It's like it's the I feel like it's the last insane like literal ball to the wall.

Adam Devine's nut sack movie.

It also felt like it was right on the cusp of like everyone watching Netflix movies and so everyone watched it and then no one watching Netflix movies and that was my movie.

Well, Netflix has become an interesting beast.

Did you get was was your still part of the era where they let you do whatever you wanted?

No.

Okay.

They let us do everything we wanted.

That I did it.

We thought we were in that era.

Yeah.

It turned out we were in the other era.

I think it's our fault that you weren't in that era.

Could be.

They were like what are we doing?

You can't even find this movie.

You have to like really search game over man and like.

Yeah.

Because it like if you just do game over MA they give you this.

Other movie that they made for $3 just to throw you off the scent game over ma.

Right.

And that's not a and that's a good movie.

It's actually better.

Yeah.

It's it's Frank Stallone game over ma.

It's a sequel to stop her.

My mom will shoot.

Yes.

With his brother's life.

Of course.

Throw momma from the train is also mashes up.

The mama verse.

Yeah.

The mama verse.

Oh man.

Well, speaking in the mama verse.

You're in the.

Antiverse.

I was going to say on a verse.

That's pretty good.

You corrected me before the show and said it was.

It was.

And the.

Antiverse is part of Shonda land.

Now if I were Shonda I would say Shonda verse.

You know what I mean?

Because it's like a.

Let me tell you something.

That's why she's Shonda and you're not.

I guess so.

I don't know.

Also because she was born.

Shonda.

Right.

I was born myself.

That's well I could switch maybe.

You think so?

Do we freakie Friday this?

I mean what's real?

What's who knows?

But what is real is you're in this inventing Anna which is a mini series?

Look, I'm going to tell you everything that I knew about it.

Your manage was it your manager who sent me the the info about about everything.

I'm not sure.

I can tell you about the pins in out of my management right now.

Okay.

There there could be shy one assistant.

Not operating it.

So I assume my PR did splendid job sending you.

They sent me they said look, Anders has got to come on the show.

He's got to talk about this this exciting project he has going.

They bullied you.

They sent me the YouTube link of the trailer.

Yeah.

I clicked on it.

I was so excited.

I was like, Anders has a new thing.

Anders has a new thing.

Suddenly I see Shonda land everything.

I'm like, this is amazing.

There is literally one shot of you.

You do not say anything.

You react and go, huh?

Yeah.

And then that's it.

So I have no information to go on.

If you like that, then you'll love in venting in.

I for real posted that and I was like, here's the trailer for the new show.

I'm in do not blink because you will miss me.

But you're in the show a lot.

I'm in every episode, but they they don't think that you're marketable.

I mean, we can really get into like the deep sadness of my life.

Look, I here's my character.

My character, this show is a dude who do you there's Anna and who do you play?

Dana.

I play Jack Hannah and I bring out animals and the shot you saw was me watching my Arctic Fox run away.

And it's weird that I didn't convey that with my eyes because I was trying.

But if you can see the reflection of something moving far away in your eyeballs and now I blame the director for not pushing into a micro close up and not grabbing that.

But the show is about this real life true story con artist from a few years ago in New York.

She she got paid $300,000 or something to make this show.

Oh, yeah.

And look, I'm never going to get that money back.

I'm never going to recoup.

You paid it yourself.

I thought it would be a good investment.

And then I was like, oh, yeah, she's a con artist.

She caught you.

Yeah.

Really funny.

She just caught every single actor in the show.

But now I have a series about that.

Yeah.

Now I'm like a victim and I'm going to parlay that for the next five years of my career.

I'm going to sell merch about it.

But this story is a real life con artist who was paid.

She was like 19 or something like that.

She was in her 20s and she sounds like 20 or so.

Yeah.

Right.

She was a few days past 19 and barely legal though.

She was I don't know where we're going now.

She was extremely legal.

But barely.

But extremely, but barely.

Right.

Moving on.

She basically was hoodwinking all these rich people into helping her fund this like social club that she wanted to open up for like very exclusive rich people, the coolest people.

Sort of like a Soho house kind of thing.

Like a Soho house type of thing or like a YMCA for extremely rich people that may or may not be Christian men.

So like a YMCA but not for like if the village people were super rich.

Yes.

And they got to be rich men.

We're all still dancing to that song every night.

They are.

They should be rich.

Right.

They got my money.

Do you think any of the actual village people got paid anything?

I feel like I got a weekly stipend.

The village people.

Yeah.

Are the city people now?

They moved into condos.

Oh, I heard so.

Yeah.

They're doing fun.

Yeah, they're doing.

They're doing okay.

But the whole thing is that she didn't get away with it.

She was lying about having this windfall of money that's going to come from her parents to fund this thing which she just needed to get the ball rolling with a few dozen million dollars, right?

And she started getting it.

And then like the other foot came down.

She got arrested.

And so the move, the show, the limited series.

It's very limited.

How much?

What do they limit this to?

Oh, they topped it off at nine.

You're not getting more than nine episodes out of this show.

That's such a weird number.

It's weird.

It was supposed to be ten but then pandemic.

Anywho.

Do you get paid by the episode?

Yeah.

I know.

But that's got to hurt.

I signed on for eight.

Hey.

And they were like, we're going to use you for ten.

Then they were like, hey, hey, guess what?

It's going to be nine.

Split the diff.

So it was a lot of like, huh?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

But hey, a nice addition on your house, I'm sure.

Yeah.

A new house.

Really?

Yeah, yeah, moved.

Just next door.

Next door.

Shonda.

Shonda land now.

All the taxes go to her.

It's complicated.

It's like a planned community there.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Interesting.

Yeah.

What are you playing this thing?

I've talked about this lady.

I got to set the table.

You're like, blah, blah, blah, this lady, this lady, this lady.

I want to know about you.

This lady has fed me and kept me alive and put a roof over my children's.

So the show, the limited series is about this investigative journalist played by Anna Klamsky trying to figure out how this woman did all these things.

Hoodman to all these people were very established wealthy people in New York City.

And I play the journalist's husband.

So she's in this world.

She's a runner of all these rich people all day.

Then she comes back to her just like shitty apartment and is like, I hate living here.

And I'm like, hey, whoa, what?

We're in love.

So it seems like that.

Let me let's imagine these things.

Okay.

I'll be on a Klamsky.

Yeah.

Oh, honey, I'm home.

Oh my God.

What a day.

Where's my dinner?

Well, you want me?

I've been out there investigating this woman all day.

You want me to make dinner for you?

Look, I'm a sculptor.

I've been sculpting all day.

I got clay on my hands.

Get in there.

Why don't you sculpt these titties, big boy?

Because you're pregnant now and that disgusts me.

You the one who got me there, baby.

I feel like I'm crossing all sorts of lines.

It's basically that for nine episodes.

But for the nature of my house in Shondaland has been put on the front yard.

So yeah, I'm at home and I'm like trying to take a toll on your relationship.

Her getting in too deep with this story.

It does because she's pregnant with her first child, which is going to change everything.

And I'm like, hey, we got to go to a Moz class.

We got to do that.

We got to build the crib.

We got to, you know, all the stuff.

I would imagine there wouldn't be much of a reason to have you in the show if it didn't take a toll on your relationship.

What I do.

Just like there was seen upon seeing of her going like, had a great day of work and you're like, I support you, baby.

But what happens when you pull me out of the show is you don't get that one shot from the trailer.

That's true.

Then you don't get all the guys who are like, hey, I watched War Galax.

Maybe I won't watch this show.

But then you see my shot and they go, okay.

I would imagine there is like 1% of the people are watching just for you.

Yeah.

That sounds about right.

That's, I think everyone in the show, there's probably 100 people in the show and everyone gets 1%.

Right.

I know.

I think Julia Garner's got, she's probably got 50%.

A lot more percent.

I think anybody who likes Veep.

I think just the Shonda aspect of it is maybe the 50%.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And then you got Julia Garner gets 30.

Yeah.

And then you get Veep at another 15.

Yeah.

And then the rest of you split five.

Yeah.

That sounds about right.

You get one of the five and everyone else splits the four.

I feel like now you're just being kind.

After we did the math, I'm like, it's definitely not even 1%.

It's a 1%.

I'm a 1%er.

Yes.

You're the 1% of the 1% percent.

Yeah.

How was it working for Shonda?

This is your first time I would have met.

Well, I don't even know why I'm saying that.

Yeah.

Why are you imagining this?

Well, because I look to your resume.

Right, right, right.

But what was it like being in that world was it a different type of acting than you normally do?

I mean, you have a really varied resume.

All of you guys in the workaholics branched out after that show and did a lot of interesting different things.

So I can only imagine you've done other dramas and stuff like that.

But what was it like working for her?

It was different.

I had to.

So I knew that Anacolensi's character was kind of this frenetic, like, just not hyperactive, but she's just got a lot of energy, right?

And she's a taskmaster and she's like really wants to get to the bottom of this.

Type A.

Yeah.

And you're a beta cuck.

And I am the beta cuck when she would come home, I'd have an apron on with my dick tucked between my legs, the fruit basket in the back, and I'd say dinner served.

No, I didn't want to be like, I knew I was going to be comic relief.

Jokes were written for me, but it wasn't going to be like, right, right.

So I just had to be kind of a nice charming guy who people root for them to not split up kind of thing and for her to value the time at home like she does chasing around this crazy woman who conned all these millionaires.

What do you think the right, I mean, how do you balance working family?

I haven't asked that question in a long time.

I just passed on a crazy job.

Really?

Oh my God, you guys.

What was it?

I can't even say.

Was it die art?

Eight.

No, no, no, it was like a fully awesome opportunity.

This is real.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And you just passed on it to stay home?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Do you have a kid?

I got three.

You have three children.

We just had one.

You just had so you got to pass on stuff.

Yeah, yeah.

Wow.

But were you were bummed about it?

You know, there were things in it that weren't like exactly perfect, but it was an amazing opportunity.

And I was like, this isn't the right time.

Isn't the right time?

Well, you know what, another opportunity will come for you.

That's what I keep telling myself.

I know.

I was driving around and balling.

I was telling myself that.

I was looking at the lights twinkling and it worked in five years.

Yeah.

Look at you now though, here on this couch.

That's true.

Sitting on a couch is fancy to you.

Next to this school?

You gotta get a couch, others.

Yeah.

I gotta get these Shea lounge chairs.

Oh, you can't move those one person.

The French way.

Yeah.

Shea lounge.

Shea.

Yes, house lounge.

What do you say?

People say, Shea, Chase, Chase, and Chase Bank.

There's another one, right?

Shays.

Some people say, that's probably what I would have said in print.

Do you say Shea's lounge?

The fuck out of here.

I think it's the fuck out of here.

It's all right.

It's Shea.

Shea and Chase.

Shea is like fully Americanized.

It's Shea like Michael Shea or like Shea Guwahr.

I can't say Guwahr for some reason.

Yeah.

I'm mainly concerned about the helicopter up there and TMS.

TMS.

This is the backyard.

TMS, I'm sorry.

Hi, you brought them.

Shonda knows I'm here.

You know who doesn't know I'm here?

My manager's assistant at it.

She thinks she was around the fuck out of here.

You had a great day.

She's barely doing her job.

Well, Anders, this is an amazing opportunity for you.

I mean, you've described it so aptly and perfectly.

I can't wait to see this show.

Isn't it crazy?

And it is a crazy.

I mean, it's like if you like the Tinder swindler.

Yeah.

Personally?

Personally, or like the show?

Like personally.

Like him as a guy, as a man, as a bro.

Yeah.

You'll love this show.

Yeah.

No, this show is crazy because normally I don't think I would tune into something like this.

But as I watched it back, I'm like, did this really exist that there were all because they cover all these other people?

Like, she lived with the fire fest guy.

Oh, really?

Psychopad.

John Rule?

No.

Come on.

Let's leave it alone.

John's having a tough time.

The most amazing clip of him at that NBA game was like, are we here?

Or whatever?

Then nobody cheered.

It did not see.

It's rough.

But the guy who organized it all.

Right.

She lived, she was like, he lived together.

Wow.

And so as man and wife or as a roommate in the end, it was kind of like a entrepreneur's flop house.

We're like, one guy was doing well, but they all bullshit it to each other.

So they're like, yeah, you can crash here for a little bit.

And they all have these ideas and this initiative about them that they're like going to go out there and make these billionaires more millions if they could just get 500,000 or like a little league.

Really?

Yeah, it's crazy.

God, I got to start something like that with you.

Yeah.

I mean, I thought we did that with Tree Torn.

Get at us.

Andres and Scott shoe us.

Yeah.

Dot shoe us.

Dot shoe.

That's right.

We thought we were getting shoe dot us.

Right.

And we got dot shoe us.

Like she was out of here.

She was out of here, which is not good, but shoe essay.

Well, inventing Anna is up on Netflix currently.

Look, as far as I'm concerned, you could watch all nine episodes today.

I dare you guys.

I dare you to watch all nine today.

What are they about 45 man's each or?

You know what?

That's the crazy thing.

They're all different lengths, man.

So you don't even know what you're going to get.

That's why you got to keep watching just to see how long that next episode is.

What have they said we're going to pay you per episode?

And then they said, turned out it's just one episode that's 10 hours long.

Let's just say I'd become the villain of Shonda Land.

It's harder.

I'd be robbing from the rich and giving to myself.

Well, inventing Anna is out there and Andres, anything else on the horizon, you guys, you obviously you have the podcast.

What is the work Alex podcast?

Yeah.

So me and the gosh and workahawks do a podcast called This is Important.

This is important.

Available wherever you get your podcast.

And I hope you get them somewhere.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

I just pray you get your podcast out there somewhere.

Yeah.

But wherever it is, you can get this wherever you get your work in inventing the habits.

What does it call again?

This is important.

Yeah.

And what we talk about is obviously like the most pressing issues of the day.

Like what's the like if you had to do an episode today instead of this bullshit, what would you be talking about?

I mean, it might be about like drunkenness surrounding the Super Bowl or like, oh yeah, do you stand to wipe like these kinds of things, you know, like stand to do.

Yeah.

I think things have to be dire if I'm standing.

But I have to be like on my way to another area to fix something if I'm standing to wipe.

I do not stand to wipe, but like people do.

I guess these guys are like, I'm not going there.

Come on, man.

Look, this is my intern over here.

Yeah.

It is an inappropriate conversation.

He does whatever he's told.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

But so that yeah, so that's what we talk about.

And so wait, it's you and the two other guys and then one other person.

Is that right?

Yeah.

So it's me, Blake, Adam and Kyle.

Who's Kyle again?

Kyle played our drug dealer Carl and also directed several episodes.

Also quit the podcast.

Fuck him.

And then came crawling back like a bitch.

Really?

Why'd he quit?

Too busy.

Too busy to even podcast?

He's the directing producer on what we do in the shadows and gives us shit.

I like Tyco and what he team now.

We're like, get the fine.

Go, go, get out of here.

And then what made him come crawling back?

He's a fan.

He's a bitch and needed friends.

Oh, yeah.

He realized that in Hollywood were his only true friends.

Did he also realize podcasts are just an hour?

Well, so here's what's crazy.

I found out he was my manager, not my manager assistant.

She's clueless.

My manager is like, yeah, I talked to Kyle and he was listening to the episode about that.

And I go, I'm sorry, he's listening.

He has an hour to listen and not to participate.

Just switch the thing you're doing.

Yeah, listen when you're here.

There is zero prep.

We show up and we just go, oh, now we're on.

Hey, what happened to you today?

Oh, you crossed the street?

Me too.

That's crazy.

It's not like this show where I got a prep watching like YouTube trailers for something that the client is explaining.

Yeah, but yeah, it's funny.

He's back.

He's back now because like, you know, he realized that he loves us.

Yeah, and that's really what podcasts in general, yours included, mine included, are about his love.

It is the most loving art form, don't you agree?

Yeah.

After porno for sure.

Porn is like improv if like every scene ended with someone fucking.

Yeah, I mean, gosh, you know what I mean?

Like, I don't think like most of them don't have a script from what I can tell.

It's just like, hey, here's the situation.

Yeah.

You know what?

I want to watch in the wrong stuff.

I want to jump.

I want to hand a location.

You've never seen this ain't Ghostbusters or this ain't Avatar.

It's a whole.

Oh, wow.

So guys at home, what happened just now is that the win?

You said Ghostbusters and then suddenly that is true.

Slimer attacked me.

Slimer, who's the new guy?

Grinder.

In the new Ghostbusters.

I've seen it.

There's a grinder.

I think there's a new chomper.

I think grinder is something else that you're thinking.

I met a guy named Muncher on grinder.

It's a whole other story.

But yeah, you got to see the new Ghostbusters.

Made me cry.

Really?

Okay.

They do a whole tribute to Harold Ramis that she is.

Don't want to have a Ramon.

The chain.

I mean, Ivan.

Maybe they'll do one of the next one.

All right, Pete.

I mean, I hope they do a next one, but man, it's good.

It's well done.

Okay.

I'll check it out.

Unless you're scared.

That's a Scott hasn't seen.

I am a little scared.

You know, onion head.

Slimer, aka Slimer.

Why is he onion head?

He's originally called onion head.

Okay.

Yeah.

Because his breath is better.

He's tail shaped like an onion.

I don't understand.

His tail.

His head.

Onion head.

I know.

His head to shape the onion.

Isn't he just a head with arms, essentially?

You think his tail is shaped like the onion?

Well, no, the end of the onion is the tail.

Right?

But then his head is the actual onion.

I don't see a head.

I see one mass that has a face with arms and the tail part.

Why is he called onion head?

Is it because his tail is shaped like an onion?

You sound like an idiot.

I know I sound like one, but I will be looked back very fondly and intelligently in 2000 years.

Well, in another seven, you'll be back on the pod.

True.

Anders home inventing Anna is out there.

The new Ghostbusters, they don't even reference the lady Ghostbusters if you're worried about that, right?

That's cool.

Yeah.

You know, it's funny.

God, like I felt like I needed to speak up for the lady Ghostbusters and, you know, maybe calling it the lady Ghostbusters isn't.

That's just how it's known.

But man, the whole thing was that was rushed, I feel, and then this was just they let it have its sweet time.

They let it breathe.

Yeah.

I like the lady Ghostbusters.

What part?

Moving on.

No, I like the whole thing.

What part?

The ghosts and the people who busted them.

The exploding like bubble saliva ghost part.

I thought that was amazing.

I did think that was very cool.

I was like the parade floats and then they would pop.

Yeah.

It looked very cool.

He's good.

I haven't seen him since I saw it, but like most things that I've seen.

Really?

I haven't seen him since I saw him.

You're not a go back guy.

I do go back sometimes.

I haven't gone back to that, but I thought, you know, the original is no great shakes in a way.

Like Bill Murray is hilarious, but that's about all it is.

No, what?

I mean, it's like.

Rick Moranis.

The song called Sigourney.

I have a heart where the ghost undoes Dan Aykroyd's belt buckle.

You know who that was?

That was Muncher.

Muncher on grinder.

Yeah.

Well, look, Anders Hommelinger.

Hommelinger.

Nope.

This is my second time here.

In two days, I'm not leaving.

Nope.

We want to pack it all in.

I'm milking it.

What we are doing is we're taking a break.

When we come back, we have a crime fighter that's so exciting.

And we also have one of my interns is on the show.

I'm trying to do the whole Conan and Brian kind of thing where I have my intern on the show and they become famous.

I've been like, where like I take over your show and you go, oh no, God.

You had something?

That would be great if you would take over.

Jason Manzukas wants to, but I would rather you do it.

I love Conan.

I love you.

I love Jason Manzukas.

And that's what I cast well about.

Why can't the four of us be on Mount Podmore?

That'd be tight.

What do you mean?

Yeah.

Instead of Barack Obama in Springsteen.

She's a Springsteen.

Have a podcast?

Yes.

With Obama.

Together?

Yes.

I don't like that at all.

I don't like it at all.

Like Obama's like, he goes and does WTF and he's like, right, I want some of this money.

Right.

You know, I did the other day when I was a president.

Yeah, tell me about it.

How does, I don't like it when people do imitations of other races, of other races.

He's half white.

Are you doing Springsteen?

Yeah, yeah.

Well, I was president.

That's why Springsteen.

Born to run.

I could do half of Barack Obama impressions to be clear.

Half the sentences.

You gotta stop that.

Every other word.

I can do.

All right.

Well, Anders Holm is here.

We have a great show.

You're going to want to stick around.

We'll be right back with more comedy band.

They have this.

Comedy band, we're back.

Anders Holm is here.

He's taking off his headphones.

He does not like them on his ears.

I guess.

But he can hear me.

Is that what's going on?

It gets hot.

We're outside.

We are outside.

It was very chilly when I did a show here yesterday.

I did a show before you showed up, by the way.

That's why I was so like another one.

Another one.

Offended.

But we have to get to our next guest.

Anders Holm, by the way, inventing Anna is out on Netflix right now.

All nine episodes.

But let's go get to our next guest.

He has never been on the show before.

I mentioned he was a not a policeman.

He is actually a police dog.

He's a crime fighter.

Please welcome to the show for the first time ever McGruff the Crime Dog.

Now, hold on.

I'm not associated with the police in any way.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Is he at me?

All cops are bastards.

Okay, I'm sorry.

You're just running McGruff the Crime Dog.

Very good to see.

This is Anders, by the way.

Anders, how are you?

Good to see him.

Huge fan.

Now, quick question.

Do you guys committed any crimes recently?

Uh, I don't think so.

Yeah, well, actually this morning I parked at a meter.

Oh boy.

And I thought the meter was broken.

And so I didn't put anything in it.

And when I returned to it, there was a police officer there who very kindly was like, hey, next time feed the meter, I even started on the ticket.

Go ahead.

Interesting.

So you broke the law this morning.

I did, I believe.

Get the fuck on the ground right now.

Oh, get over here.

Oh, no.

Nobody.

Fuck it.

Move.

Okay.

Nobody.

Fuck it.

Move.

Scott, I'm going to take a bite out of crime.

Oh fuck.

And you damn right, I'm packing as well.

Scott.

Oh my God.

Hey, what a gun.

Get him right, Scott.

Ties ass up.

Why is your gun shaped like a lipstick?

Well, Scott, well, no.

Is that some sort of joke about my dick?

Scott, get on the ground.

I'm tying you up.

Shit.

Now at the end of this episode, I'm taking you to the authorities.

I'm recording everything.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Anders, please.

I'm a no nonsense crime dog, Scott.

So you don't, you don't truck with any nonsense?

I don't fuck or truck with any of that bullshit, Scott.

I thought you were a, a, a congenial dog that I used to see in cartoons.

See, I used to be that Scott, but things have changed over the years.

You are a two dimensional dog.

Yes, I am a cartoon.

But I've been hardened from years of crime fighting, Scott.

With, yeah, I mean, but by the way, I'm still in the room.

Can I get up to finish the show?

All right, get up.

But I'm going to leave you tied up.

Okay.

Should I keep recording?

Yeah, but yeah, the whole time.

Yeah.

Okay, great.

Yeah.

We can sell this for more money if we have video of it.

Great.

Are you in the state of California and recording me without my consent?

Oh, no.

Is this a two party kids?

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

Everybody get up and out.

Ow, ow, ow.

I don't want anyone to fuck.

Anders, I'm tied your ass up to my ass.

That's right.

Like just my butt cheeks?

That's right.

Tie them together.

Oh, God.

Nothing coming out of those things.

Just keep the trench going on.

All right.

Hey, well, you don't want to see what I have under here.

What do you have under there?

My doggy dick.

Oh, I'm not laughing.

All right, I'm sorry, Scott.

I came here because I thought I want to spread the word that, yes, the police have been defunded and the police suck, but that doesn't mean that crime is okay, Scott.

Yes.

But yeah, what do you mean?

I want to agree, but I don't know what you're talking about.

You know, we've defunded the police here in Los Angeles successfully.

Yeah, successfully.

They don't even have cops anymore.

No, they're nowhere.

Yeah.

And because of that, there's a crime spree, Scott.

I don't know if you've seen the local news, but they seem to want to convince us that there's a crime spree happening here.

That seems like it's every day on the news for the past 30 years.

That's pretty much it's almost as if that's all they have to talk about is the crime that they've seemed to be inventing.

God, you're really good at saying crime.

I am, huh?

I have a lot of experience.

I have a friend who says the word Scott, and that's how he gets sort of his voice going.

But you say crime.

So kind of if I start to trail off and it'll lose a little bit, I go, crime.

Right.

Right back in the.

Wow.

What's been going on for you since, I mean, I used to see your commercials back in the 80s.

That's right.

Or the 90s.

Well, I did disappear for a while because I was doing some wet work in South America.

Whoa.

When you say wet work, what do you mean?

Yeah.

Oh, well, I was being on fire hundreds.

And I was also killing drug lords.

Oh, shit.

Okay.

That's right.

Equally an equal amount of time spent on both.

I'd say it was a one to one.

Did you ever mix, mix match by accident and pee on a drug?

Yeah, I did one time sniper fire hydrant.

Oh, my God.

I peed on a crime lord.

Oh, damn.

And he wasn't too happy.

So then I had to snap his neck.

Oh, man.

So the ultimate indignity to be peed on and then sniped.

Right.

It's crazy.

Not scum.

Yes.

I never resubried a crime.

Here we go.

All right.

Scott.

Yes.

A lot of crime.

I feel like it's going unpunished.

And I'm here.

So we've covered what you've been up to.

I mean, this morning, 30 years.

You got away with not paying a parking ticket or something.

It's like nobody gives a shit at any more.

Right.

So you've always cared about crime.

You have all the money.

You're too dimensional.

I'm a cartoon dog.

Can I tell you one thing I'm on the lookout for?

A shirt.

Scott.

Shonda.

He calls you shirt.

I called you shot.

I am looking for people who are sharing HBO Go passwords.

No.

That doesn't even exist anymore.

Scott.

HBO Go doesn't exist.

HBO Max.

That's confusing.

It is.

I mean, for what?

They had HBO Go in now concurrently.

Switch it all to Max.

Max.

So if anyone's sharing, okay, kids, if you're at home and any of your friends are sharing their HBO Max passwords, I want you to grab your dad's gun.

What?

I want him to add to the crowd and tie words hidden.

You know where it is.

Okay.

You know where the key is.

Unlock the trigger lock.

And I want you to put him on the ground.

Tie him up.

Time up.

And then send a letter to me at Scruff Magruff Chicago, Illinois 60652.

Is that your first name, Scruff?

No, I think Scruff was my little like assistant that I used to have around.

Oh yeah.

He was of course killed in a firefight.

Oh boy.

It's true.

He was fighting a fire or he was a gun firefight.

A firefight.

So he was a firefight club.

And it was if they'd be like, okay, I'm going to set you out fire and you're going to try to get that thing off.

And he just apparently burned to death.

Oh no.

This is the first time they tried it.

It ended pretty quickly after that.

Wow.

How old was Scruff?

Scruff was, I don't know, dog years 45.

So I think he was nine.

Six and a half divided by seven.

What does that have?

Is it?

It's nine for the first year and seven for the.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

So yeah, maybe just six.

Wow.

R.P.

Well, he's dead.

It doesn't even fucking matter.

Jesus.

Wow.

Do you know Smokey, the bear?

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

We fuck a wheat we chill.

Oh, you just said you fuck?

I was going to say we fuck around.

You know, we play golf together.

Oh, okay.

We hang out.

You hang out.

Is there love in your life?

I don't want to talk about that.

Oh no.

But rough, what happened?

I'm of course divorced.

Yeah.

Why?

It must be hard.

I mean, like Anders plays this role with the investigative journalist.

Yeah.

You know, coming home and he's like always.

Anders is willing to make sacrifices for his family.

Right.

Me.

No.

Look, I used to be in a long term sort of fucking relationship with Lassie.

So crazy.

That's right.

I loved her.

She was the number one snitch.

She was always coming to people and saying somebody's trapped in a well.

Somebody's breaking the law.

Right.

That's how we fell in love.

Because you need snitches in your line of work.

Snitches get riches.

And the riches of my love, Scott.

Oh my God.

So I used to fuck Lassie.

We got married.

I kind of cheated on her with Lady from Lady of the Tramp.

Oh shit.

But it's hard out there.

You know, it's hard to control your emotions.

I really imagine if you're like getting blown by Lady.

It's got to be tempting to be like, let's do the Lady in the Tramp on like.

It's almost like, ooh, you want to suck under little pieces of spaghetti?

You're wet, you're wet noodle.

My little wet noodle.

And that's, you know, look, I regret cheating on Lassie with Lady.

But I wasn't fit to be in any sort of relationship.

No.

Scott, when crime is running rampant in this world.

Exactly.

Scott, I want to warn the kids out there about something else.

Oh, please.

Yeah, look, this is your segment.

Thank you.

I feel like we barely even started and you've blown through so many topics in this point.

No, Scott.

It's your cadence.

I don't know what it is.

Maybe I'm just moving very quickly because I'm excited to be out of podcasts.

It's true.

I mean, you...

It's my first podcast.

Wow.

I thought you were on one before.

I was on one before.

But I was more chill, you know.

I wasn't really out to sort of spread my message across the world.

Right.

What do you want to do?

Do you hear that?

Do you hear those sirens?

Some sirens.

Some one must have their mask tucked below their nose.

Kids, if you see anyone with their...

The worst crime in Los Angeles.

Let me tell you something.

If you see someone with their K95, a little bit under their nose, I want you to pull out your AK-47.

Pin up to the ground and send a letter to be at Scruff my Craft.

Chicago, Illinois, 6065.

What do you want to tell the kids out there?

And this is your time to shine, you know, anything you want.

First of all, arm up.

Really?

Yeah.

I need you to have firearms on you at all times because a crime could go down at any moment.

You know, before I used to say, keep a phone near you so you can call the cops.

We don't have time for that shit.

You have a phone near you?

Is that what you used to say?

Like a cell phone you mean?

My first commercial was...

My first commercial was, keep a phone near you.

Right.

Buy a really long extension cord and walk around with it in your house.

And you know, we don't have time for that anymore.

No, we don't have time to keep phones near us.

There's too much red tape.

Yes.

Scott, I need every kid to arm up.

Okay.

Because the war is coming.

The war on the streets, it's already...

And the fact that you have a gun means you've already picked a size.

Scott, there's a war going on outside.

No man is safe from it.

Is it confusing to people that you're called...

I think only the interned baby got that.

I think so.

Is it confusing that you're called a crime dog as opposed to a police dog?

So that was a big thing.

It's not like you're a dog that's committing crimes.

I was committing crimes.

Everyone was like, well Scooby's the one who solves the crimes.

Right.

So, but Ralph must be the one committing crimes.

And that's some fucked up shit.

And of course, that's why I said, let me go down to South America, do some work.

Wet work for the hot shirt.

Yeah, that's why you did that.

Yeah.

I had to fix my reputation, Scott.

What do you think about HBO Max?

It sounds like that best friend guy in any hall, you know what I mean?

Is like invented a streaming service.

HBO Max?

Who's the best friend of my Scott?

The guy who just died a few years ago.

Did he die a few years ago?

I think he did.

Because he was in Magnolia.

Was he in Magnolia?

He's the best friend of...

I'm thinking of Manhattan, maybe.

The disgraced Woody Allen.

Yeah.

And...

The guy.

Really?

You don't mind what he did.

What are you?

Were you in South America for all this?

I was in South America.

Let's just say, he was doing his own wet work.

A little bully.

Well, I'll look at him.

Allegedly.

But I'll tell you what the real...

But he did.

I'll tell you one of the real things we need to be looking out for, Scott.

Yeah, what?

Are you a fan of going to a movie, Scott?

Uh, yeah, I love him.

I mean, other than the one I've seen.

We saw each other at a movie.

Where?

Which one?

We went to Joker together.

Oh, yes, that's right.

That was a big group of people that, do we say their name?

Who bought the tickets?

I paid for my own ticket.

Oh, no, someone I know bought a bunch of tickets.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay, but...

But anyway, yeah, but yeah.

Jinger.

We saw each other.

Yes, we saw each other.

So yeah, he loves going to the movies and I can prove it.

That's right.

I went to the movies with him.

We saw that that hilarious Joker movie.

I just laughed all the way through it.

Scott, we're so thrilling being a comic book fan as a young boy and seeing it come to life and seeing the Joker blow Robert's nose brains out.

Was everything you ever imagined?

Oh my God.

But let me tell you something, Scott, you just committed another crime.

What?

Because those are spoiler Scott.

Oh, shit.

Get out of the ground.

Ties, as a.

No.

I'm so recording.

You have tiger as a...

How are you doing that with your ass tied up?

Yeah, I know, but I am.

Let me tell you something.

If you're kids at home, if you're on Twitter and someone spoils something from a TV show or movie that you're not to watch, look them up online, travel to the house, pull a gun on them, keep a phone by you, keep a phone by you and tie their asses up.

Wow.

And then of course, Scott, you got to send a letter to me at Scruff the Crap of course.

Chicago Illinois 6065 II.

What constitutes a spoiler because I feel like we may have gotten into spoiler territory with Anders over here with inventing Anna out on Netflix.

I think there's a fine line of promotional...

There's a premise which can hook you into watching something.

Yeah.

But sometimes that veers into spoilers.

That's true.

I think as soon as you cover a twist, which they now just do in trailers, for some reason, they're like, and by the way, the twist is this and you go, I'm not going to see this.

But sometimes that twist is the only reason I would go.

No.

Right now I'm currently on the hunt for Sam Raimi, Scott.

Really?

Why do you do this?

He spoiled a lot of shit at this Dr. Strange trailer.

He put together the trailer.

I think he might have.

It's not up to him.

All of a sudden we hear Patrick Stewart's voice, I'm going to have to kill this guy.

Patrick Stewart's voice is in it.

Scott, you haven't seen this trailer?

You just spoiled it.

I just spoiled it.

Get out of the ground.

Holy shit.

I turned off the recording.

Turn off the recording.

Do whatever you want.

Alright.

Fuck you.

We're talking in detail.

After the pod, I'm turning myself in.

I spoiled the trailer.

This is crazy.

I mean, I watched it on the Super Bowl and I was only paying half attention to it.

So...

I fucked up then.

You done fucked up.

You did.

McGruff, what breed are you?

Yeah.

Crime.

Oh, you're a crime dog.

Yeah, actually that's the confusion.

A lot of people think they call me the crime dog because I'm taking a bite out of crime.

But the truth is crime is a breed of dog.

Really?

So when you...

Did you have any...

Did you have a litter with either last year lady?

I don't want to talk about that.

Oh please.

We want to know.

Come on.

I fucked them both.

They were pregnant.

Whoa.

I don't know if you guys remember that episode of Morrie Povich.

Well last he was looking for trying to pin me with the paternity of those motherfucking kids.

Did they call out half-coli half crime?

They were half-coli half-crime.

And Scott, coiler alert, because you could get away with if you say spoiler alert.

Okay, yeah.

I was the father, Scott.

Oh, geez.

Does that feel good when you're on Morrie?

Like even if you don't want to be the father, but he's like, you are the father.

That's kind of fine.

Because you've seen it so many times.

You're kind of just like, hell yeah, you know what?

Hell yeah.

I don't want to tell him if he's just threw you right in the rush.

Checking that box.

And I'll tell you, if he was ready to say I wasn't the father, Scott, I was going to get up and do a fun little dance.

I had a whole thing planned out.

But when he said I was the father, I was a little disappointed, but I was like, you know what?

This shit's pretty cool too, Scott.

Right.

It's tough to have that dance all in the chamber and then not be able to do it.

Yeah, it was cool.

Do I do it now?

No.

Fair enough.

Sure.

Hey, wait.

Was it cool when last he got like those big old pregnant dog titties?

Yeah.

Because how many do they have?

Six, Scott.

Wow.

Is it just six?

Maybe eight.

I think it's eight.

But you didn't pay attention to the other two.

Two of those titties didn't really get too big.

Oh, is that right?

Yeah.

When she got pregnant, it was really six titties.

Right.

There's some lingerie, you know.

Perfect dog.

Right.

That's pretty good, Scott.

Dogger.

I tried to get her some doggerie and I was like, you know what?

I'm just going to leave those last two titties uncovered.

It does it.

Oh, you barely see it.

The topper bottle.

So the ones you don't want to see you leave uncovered?

Yeah.

There was the bottom.

I was just kind of like a cover.

That was kind of like an afterthought.

But those top six Anders to answer your question.

Yeah.

And how do you leave the bottom ones uncovered but cover the top?

I don't know.

Anyway, this is a dogger-aid nightmare, I think.

Scott, you're asking a lot of interesting questions.

But let me just say this, Scott.

Yeah.

All my personal life aside, I just want to make sure this dope boy crimes, Scott.

Yes.

No, that's important because I, the worry, of course, is that when we defund the police, crime would run rampant.

Yes.

And of course, that's what the news is telling us every single day.

Yeah.

Yeah, exactly.

Even though we have to be fearful, even though I haven't seen it.

And have the police really been defunded?

Probably not.

They're driving around in tanks and stuff.

Yeah.

But you know, Scott, there's one more thing.

Not one more thing.

There's a million crimes, but there is something I want to warn the fans.

Please.

Yeah.

Look, rough the crime dog warning us.

These movies, Scott, you seem very obsessed with movies as if that's really your area of interest and expertise.

Everything about this.

I don't like sports.

We're just getting back to the movies.

I don't like people sharing HVO Go passwords.

Why are we like trying to keep people out of the movie theaters when we should be in tight to get back?

Do you live in LA now?

Like are you more at tune with Hollywood?

I'm an East Side guy.

Oh, cool.

I go to the Americana for sure.

What do you think of that Nicole Kidman commercial?

When she goes to the AMCs?

When she has the latest pause in human history?

Yeah.

What is it for her?

What is it?

She's like, when you're here, it's worth it.

When you come in here and she's got that weird like half trying to be American, half Australian accent.

And then she goes, when you come in here, it's worth it.

I guess I don't know what you're talking about.

Here it feels good or whatever.

Yeah, here your movie family.

I'll tell you what doesn't feel good when you hear your movie family.

That's what it should've been.

That's what it's all about.

And then she should've slurped up some spaghetti.

All of fear.

Just like Lady did.

Just like, don't break up Lady.

I'm so sorry.

Now stop.

Tell us about the one thing in the movies.

I want people to be safe at the movie theaters.

So keep an eye out for this.

Some of these motherfuckers are getting drinks, filling them up, drinking them down.

I'm surprised each time, but you haven't said anything.

Gallaudizing it.

This is all standard.

And then they're going back and refilling those drinks.

Scott, you're allowed.

Now you are?

Yes.

Oh shit.

I got to let a couple guys out of my trunk.

Oh no.

Yeah, I went to go see Cyrano last night's.

Oh, how'd you like it?

It was pretty good.

I love that dinklage guy.

I love dinklage.

Great guy.

He's a great guy.

I loved to see him in anything.

He's pretty good.

But I did see some people sort of mixing and mixing.

Like suicide?

They were making a suicide.

I said, that's illegal.

And I pulled my two side.

Suicide is illegal.

Suicide is illegal, but making a suicide drink is not illegal.

So you may be a little confused on the law there.

How fucking dare you, Scott?

You're not a law dog.

You're a crime dog.

That's true.

Did I tell you I practiced law for a few years?

You did.

Where?

In Dade County, Florida.

What?

I did construction law, Scott.

Construction law.

What is construction law?

It's like where?

It's a lot of like, you know, what type of lumber you're allowed to use or what is it?

It's a lot of like, you know, licenses and zoning ordinances and stuff.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

Pretty boring.

Anyway, so.

What else?

Was this in the 80s?

Was this 80s Dade County?

Like during like the cocaine Cowboys era?

Yeah.

A lot of the funding's coming from, I assume, drug money and maybe that.

Yeah.

Is that where you kind of got involved in crime?

Nope.

You're sweating right now.

I've never seen a dog sweat.

Well, look, a lot of usually dogs sweat out of their tongue.

But you're literally.

Look, I don't want to talk about my time in the 80s in Dade County, Florida.

Okay.

That's a good one.

I don't want to talk about it.

So you weren't involved in any kind of cocaine.

Look, we can talk about my wet work in South America.

So wait a minute.

The whole reason you got all these commercials and you had all the money because we've all seen those commercials.

Yeah.

They were everywhere.

You spent so much money on them was because you made all this money off the cocaine Cowboys in Dade County.

I'm pulling a gun on myself.

Oh my God.

Get on the ground.

Get on the ground recording.

I'm recording.

Get on the ground.

I'm beating the shit out of myself.

Okay.

You've gotten to the bottom of it.

Scott.

I do have a sorted past in crime.

And when I said I was a crime dog and that was a breed of dog.

I lied.

There's the worst crime on a podcast.

That's true, Scott.

I actually did come up committing small time crimes in my own.

No, not you, McGraw.

That's true.

Kids look up to you so much.

I did a lot of doggy trafficking.

Oh boy.

Oh, back to where it's like over the back.

Yeah.

I did a lot of doggy trafficking.

So you worked with coyotes?

I didn't know dogs and coyotes.

Yeah.

They're usually the dogs mortal enemy.

You know dogs and coyotes can have kids.

Can they really?

Puppies.

Somebody told me that.

Yeah.

I saw a dog chasing coyote the other day.

It was the most glorious.

That was probably you.

It probably was me.

You're chasing this coyote trying to fuck to have kids?

I'm horny, Scott.

You just got to establish.

That's been established.

Look rough the horny dog.

You're not McGruff the crime dog.

All you care about is movies.

Scott, I just look, maybe I dig into my work because I don't.

I want to deal with the fact that I'm 24 hours horny as hell.

McGruff the grind dog.

That's what I'm talking about.

Show me grinder.

Show me grind.

Where are you talking to Siri right now?

Show me grinder.

Pull up Muncher.

Look, we have to take a break.

Dewey Scott.

We do.

I'm so sorry, but.

Oh, no.

Was that one of your catch-races for me?

No, but I feel like that's something just being said.

Oh, that's true.

Oh, I forgot.

Yes.

So a lot of guys saying, oh, no, these days.

All right.

Scott.

You want to try it on or say, oh, no into the mic and we'll see how you do it.

How do you do it?

Yeah.

You know, I don't want to do it.

We don't do it in impression of McGruff.

That's a.

I don't want you to do half an impression of me.

Oh, yeah.

So wait a second.

You're half white.

I'm just saying, oh, no.

Oh, no.

Yeah, we want to get it on Mike here to see how it is for 2022.

Oh, no.

That's pretty good.

I like it.

I'm going to take a break, but I'll tell you something.

If I see any more crime, I'm going to fucking hump something really hot.

That's what you're really here.

Yeah, you're getting us on the ground just to hump us.

Yeah.

Scott, you got a couple dogs in there.

Yeah, I do.

Yeah.

I'm still reporting over here.

That's why you came here as to fuck my dogs.

They want to come on.

Yeah.

Hide your dogs.

Hide your girlfriends.

Their legs and hide your knife.

Whoa.

I don't know without us.

Refur.

I'm just with wife.

Oh, okay.

Well, that was another one my intern might get.

But speaking of my intern, when we come back, we're going to have, he's going to be on the show.

This is very exciting.

Huge.

We have Anders home.

We have McGruff the Crime Dog.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

We have this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

We have Anders home inventing Anna is on Netflix now.

And is it possible to do a second season of this?

Like maybe that maybe she goes and investigate something else.

Well, I want to do a spin off called pajama Jack based on my character who.

Mostly war pajamas.

How does that feel when you get to the costume fitting in there?

Like here, put these on.

You're like, these are, can I wear big boy clothes?

Let me tell you something.

The more comfortable you are on set.

I'm in like sweat pants and like little hoodies.

It was great.

Why do you think I wear just a trench coat?

Exactly.

You know, McGruff's been in the game since the 80s.

And sweats would be more comfortable than a trench coat.

Nothing is more comfortable than a nice soft.

And do you wear a hat?

I can't remember.

Do you wear a Sherlock Holmes hat?

You know, I've thrown one on every once in a while, but I really like to just have it be the trench coat and nothing underneath.

Man, Sherlock Holmes, he had a signature hat.

Like note like, okay, Hitler had a signature mustache.

No one's been able to do the Hitler.

Like Chaplin, Chaplin, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan did it.

And by the way, who else could have brought it and like made it transcend past what it was other than Michael Jordan?

Yeah, but no one calls it the Jordan.

They said Jordan has a Hitler.

He didn't say what he did.

He's not calling it the Jordan.

What's called the Jordan?

It cares about Hitler anymore.

Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jordan, Jumpman jumped over Hitler.

And then he just gave up.

He should have, he should have stuck with it.

But, but Sherlock Holmes had a hat that no one has been able to wear since then.

Because everyone just goes, oh, you're wearing a Sherlock Holmes hat.

What are you investigating a crime?

Right.

Yeah.

That is power.

That is, that is incredible.

Is that a crime, you think?

Maybe.

Are you the fashion police?

So hold on.

That's a good idea for most weekly.

All right.

Well, Scott, I'm horny.

Okay.

Yes.

Thank you for resetting.

Just needed to reset.

Okay.

Well, speaking of horny, our next guest, he started out not as my intern.

The last time he was on the show, he actually was a pickup artist.

Oh, well.

And then through various circumstances, he became my intern.

You can listen back to his previous episode, but let's welcome him back.

This is Justin, the former pickup artist now intern.

Oh, hello.

Oh, hide your notepads.

Hide your pants.

Hide your unskilled work.

What rhymes with notepads?

Like hyphen rhymes with white.

Oh, well, notepad.

Yeah.

Oh, float, float pads.

Float pads.

Doing imperfect rhymes.

We're next to a pool.

Like you don't pay me to rhyme, Scott.

I don't pay you.

You're my intern.

You don't pay me at all.

No.

How's it going?

Justin?

Oh, it's going.

It's going okay.

You know, it's going okay.

It's working for me.

Oh, working for you has been the greatest.

I can't expect.

I've gained.

You've lost everything.

I've lost everything.

I lost my wife.

She doesn't love me anymore.

Oh, I can relate.

Oh, you can.

You guys should grab a beer after this.

You want to grab a beer after this?

Yeah.

Scott, can I grab a beer with him?

No.

Sorry.

I can't grab a beer with you.

I'm sorry.

How has been wielded?

The power has been wielded.

I want you to know too.

Your time is my time.

It is true.

I also recorded all the deacons.

You recorded all this?

I recorded Anders recording you.

Oh, okay.

So in case he is like you told me, if somebody records me and they don't release the tapes, record them and release that tape.

Yes.

That's right.

But do you have security cameras recording all of this?

I have all of this.

Yeah, exactly.

Yes.

So I have every angle, so he does.

He sees everything.

He's got to see his everything.

I'm doing okay, Scott.

I'm barreling toward the script you have me writing for you.

Yeah, thank you so much.

I was so behind on this.

You were between two firms too.

Yeah.

Between two firms.

Between three.

Yes.

Maybe it should be four because there's two twos.

Two times two equals four.

Between two times two.

Between two firms.

Fast four.

Four nine five nine.

When I pitched and then I was punched in the stomach for pitching.

Oh my God.

For pitching this.

Yeah.

Not by Scott.

That's a good one.

But when I pay someone to punch him and stuff.

I pitch between two firms and you have to put the emphasis on two.

But see, that's the thing is like I don't like those titles where it all depends on the person saying it.

Right, right, right, right.

Because you can't spell it differently.

Right.

Then you can put stage directions in there and say slightly emphasize this word.

Has there ever been stage directions in the titles?

I feel like they're like underlining italicized.

Maybe.

Or a different color.

This is what I said.

A different color.

But you didn't go for that Scott and I'm hurting inside.

Yeah.

Well, especially since that guy punched you in the stomach.

So how's everything?

Yeah, how is that going?

Have you ever heard?

Oh, I still have IBS from that.

Oh, really?

Yeah, I'm still pooping and booping.

That's what I guess.

That's pooping and booping.

Pooping both.

Pooping and it hurts.

It hurts.

Yeah.

Is it a difference?

Because now you're working in show business.

Other fringes of show business certainly, but podcast.

It's different.

Yeah.

When I was a pick up artist.

When I was a pick up artist, people would come to me and they would say what you got.

I need love.

And I would tell them all the things you have.

You know, if you remember confidence was the number one thing.

I walk around like you get a little piece of shit inside your pants, right?

You can talk to somebody when you get a little piece of pooping your pants.

Now hold on.

Hold on.

What?

Confidence.

Do you?

Yes.

Walking around like you have a little piece of shit in your pants.

Would you walk around with shit in your pants?

I don't.

I'm not wearing any pants.

So you're not confident enough.

You're not confident enough.

That's why you're horny.

Wow.

This is when you're a little.

When you feel like you're all that, but you have a little piece of poop in your pants and you're like, I'm so fly.

I'm so fly.

Doesn't even matter.

Yeah.

That is confident.

Where did you learn that?

A Chicago.

Okay.

He's getting this 6065.

60653 is where I learned.

Wow.

He's getting his pants.

I grew up in 60201.

Did you?

Where's that?

Evanston.

Oh, I know Evanston.

Yeah.

Everyone.

You can't just say you know Evanston.

I do know Evanston.

What does that mean?

You've heard of it?

No, I know Evanston.

You know the streets where you up in the streets of Evanston.

Like what?

The streets of Clark.

Clark.

Okay.

This guy knows his stuff.

I'm sorry.

I'll share it in.

There it is.

And growing up there, I guess we, I didn't see much shit in pants, but maybe there's no kind of thing he personally did.

This is the thing I personally did when I picked my wife up.

I was like, this works.

Yeah.

It's just, see, this is the thing is Justin, he did it once.

Yes.

It works because your wife just like didn't notice or I don't know what it was, but he thought that was a thing that everyone had to replicate.

Yes.

So then you would shit in your pants every day.

What?

No, no, no.

Once you, once you get the girl, then you can stop shitting in your pants.

Okay.

Once you get the person, you can stop the poop and you can just be with that person.

So let's say you pooping in the poop.

You're pooping in the poop.

Well, let's say you're on the dating apps.

Yeah.

So you got a date.

Grind your muncher, Grind your muncher, whatever you mean.

Mm-hmm.

You've got a date.

You're on the right track.

You might just have to put it in your pocket or your trench.

Yeah.

You'll have to maybe put it in one of my inside.

I'll move two of my guns and I'll put a little bit of shit.

No, keep it on the gun.

See, yeah.

That's intimidation.

Keep it on the gun.

If you were to put a gun in my face and I would be like, why do you have poop on the end of your gun?

What's that smell?

I mean, that is intimidation.

Wow.

Yes.

I do put my gun in a lot of people's mouths.

I mean, I'm not going to do it.

I'm not going to do it.

You Thank you.
