♪♪♪ I once saw a penis that had arms, it was playing the triangle.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, it's a stumper.

The triangle offense?

What do you think that means, Langston?

Hi, I wouldn't presume to.

It would be right for me.

Whatever it is, it's in the eye of the beholder.

And that was our catchphrase submission from Alfredo Film Geek.

Alfredo Film Geek.

Oh, yeah.

Do you think they're then referencing perhaps a classic Italian film?

Is that the...

Huh?

That what could be like La Trovieto or...

I only know the godfather of I'm being honest.

I guess that's an Italian film.

It is an American film.

Got a few of them in there.

Oh, yeah.

What's the one I'm trying to think of where the guy scoots around Italy and the lady plays in the fountain?

And all I can think of is Das Boot.

Oh.

And I know that's not it.

But I can't remember the day and I love the movie.

I was going to say Luca on Pix.

Oh, Luca's another great one.

They're scooting around quite a bit.

Yeah, watch it right here in this very backyard.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, by the way, if I didn't say before.

And the backyard era of Comedy Bang Bang continues.

Yeah.

Yes.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And we have a great show for you.

Coming up a little later, we have a...

Not a small business owner, but a man who has his own thing going on and charges money for it.

That's what we do in 2022.

Oh, no.

This is the year, by the way, every guest says, oh, no.

Do you mind saying, oh, no, into the Mike Langston?

Oh, no.

Okay.

There we go.

Not bad.

Not a bad read.

Thank you.

Different than any of the others we've had.

We also have a podcast guest coming up later.

That's a lot of fun.

And we also have a musical combination.

We'll be talking about that in a second, but they're all set up here in my backyard.

And we're going to just raise some hell out here.

Let's tear it up, baby.

Let's...

Let's fuck some shit up.

I'm sorry, but keep it down, my neighbor.

Oh, sorry.

Don't say that too loud.

Sorry, everybody.

Before we get to them, though, I want to introduce our first guest.

He's been on the show many times before.

How long have we known each other?

We've probably met...

Let me guess.

We probably met in 2016.

Does that sound about right?

I would be so bold as to say 2015.

2015.

I think so.

We did a pilot.

We shot a pilot.

They said, no, thank you.

We've watched it twice, not for us.

I checked it twice.

Must like Santa Claus.

A lot of people don't know TV executives do the Santa Claus role.

They watch every pilot twice.

That's the test they have to take before they become TV executives.

So we met back then and we said, you know what?

Let's still be friends, even though our business dealings didn't work out.

And then we worked on the Oscars together.

I'm sorry, the Academy Awards.

Let's treat them with the reverence they deserve.

Absolutely.

Which I believe are coming up in approximately one month.

Are you excited?

I mean...

They didn't ask me back.

I don't know if you're going.

Oh, okay.

Great.

I'm comforted in knowing neither one of us will be there.

I just wanted to do it once.

Just to see.

In fact, I said, I can't do it.

And then my agent called and said, we worked out your deal.

I don't have time.

And they said, just show up with everyone.

I'm actually already writing on a different award show.

If that helps.

But we did the Oscar.

We wrote for the Chris Rockters, Roskers.

The Chris Rockers.

Together.

And he is the head writer and I want to say maybe even a producer of Paws with Sam J.

That's right.

We talked about that the last time he was on.

And he has his own television show in which he stars coming up on March 10th.

Yeah.

And it is called Bustdown.

You got it.

It's called Bustdown.

It's coming out on Peacock.

Six episodes.

Very bingeable on March 10th.

And please welcome back to the show for approximately the fifth time I want to say Langston Kerman.

That sounds about right.

Yeah.

He's back.

All right.

I'm so happy to be here.

So happy to see you.

Welcome to my backyard.

You've been here before.

I want that five timers jacket I've been here.

You know, then you guys hand out.

Oh, man.

I would love to do something like that.

I had a friend who gave people pins for his show and I treasure it.

She did like a five timers headband.

Yeah.

Just something that it has the reverence.

But you know, like a headband like a sweat band?

Yeah.

Like you see on old tennis players or like the current NBA.

Oh, do they wear headbands these days?

The headbands are back.

Yeah.

I remember they had a nice run there back in the early 2000s when bands like MGMT would wear them.

And then then they fell out of fashion again, but they're back now.

They're back and they're thicker than they used to be.

Oh, are they?

They're like a like a three or a half.

Like a three inches thick.

Yeah.

I'd say stuff.

I sit at home often and I go, that's about three inches on Jimmy Butler's head.

That's a baller.

Hey, you watch that.

You watch that three point shootout or the dunk contest?

Not a minute of it.

No one wanted it.

I didn't want to waste my time.

I knew it wasn't going to be worth the damn.

I heard it was.

I watched the tail end of the dunk contest, which means I caught approximately three made dunks and 18 failed dunks.

And this is not a sports podcast, by the way.

This is your first time listening to comedy bang bang.

This is not a sports podcast.

You don't have to run away from it.

You stay right here.

We happen to be two men.

Hey, Scott Lang, Alex, and first time a long time.

Oh, hi.

I'm taking calls now.

I predicted this.

I don't know if you remember you guys a couple of years ago, you said headbands will never be back in the NBA.

This is it.

It's done.

No.

And then I remember saying like they're coming back to come back and here they are.

They're back.

Okay, sir.

Wait, wait, wait.

How did you get this number?

But this is what?

How did you get this number?

I know how you get any other number.

How did you get this one?

How did I get your number?

Yes.

I'm also a little concerned that how did you manage a phone call before we picked up?

How did I manage that?

How did you manage that?

How did you get this number?

Okay.

Love you.

I didn't know we were a phone call podcast.

Okay.

We're not a sports podcast.

We're not a phone call in podcast either.

I guess what you are now.

The minute two guys start talking about sports, we suddenly have to start taking calls.

You got to take a call.

Man.

First time long time calling.

I just want to say this is Mark Knuffler.

The band dire straits started off.

Bob Bowie.

You're a Mark Knuffler.

I ditched the action.

When you say Bob a boo, you're supposed to hang out.

Sorry.

I sneezed.

Oh wait.

That wasn't a true Bob a boo.

What's a Bob a boo?

Oh, it's a thing that a hot boy.

Oh, shit.

He got me.

Hey Scott.

Hey Langston.

This is Pete Townsend from The Who.

Oh, well not a musical legend.

This is a non-nerd honestly.

Who do you see in this year's upcoming home run?

Turvy.

I'll take my drop there.

Bob a boo.

Okay.

I guess I got a watch.

We need you to be talented somehow to give him the answer off the air.

This is, uh, wow.

This started odd.

I'll be honest.

This is a, well, yeah, but I guess that's what happened when two bros sit down and talk about sports.

We got to stay away from him.

Mark Knuffler.

Oh, a lot of Bob a boo.

He said we can't handle.

I can't handle more than one Bob a boo.

They're still on it.

Oh, they're just hanging out.

You got to hang out.

After you say Bob a boo.

Okay.

Bless you.

You said that if you're killing me.

What?

Oh, hey, who are you?

My name is Mark Knuffler.

Oh, hey, it's VP chosen.

Oh, hi, Bob a boo.

Bob a boo.

You think they have more to talk about?

Yeah.

I do two incredible guitarist who've never met each other.

Obviously.

I don't think so.

Yeah.

I mean, uh, one does the windmill style.

The other kind of it almost hunches over it.

They had never heard of each other.

Yeah.

Like you're just being polite when they said, oh, nice to meet you.

Oh, yeah.

Cool.

I mean, it's not that far-fetched.

For Pete Townsend not to have heard of Mark Knuffler.

Hey, Mark, what band are you in?

Was it?

What band are you in?

I'm so lores.

Oh.

Where's the Pete Townsend?

He's the solo artist.

Yeah, he's not good.

Like, I mean, solo stuff's okay, I guess.

But it's also he introduced himself to us as from the whole.

But then opted not to tell.

Yeah.

A peer, really.

Yeah, weird.

Yeah.

But, uh, well, anyway, that's what happens on Comedy Bank.

When two bros start talking about sports.

We'll stay away from them.

We'll stay away.

We don't know more sports talk.

But speaking of music, though, we do have some musicians on today, Sherry.

That is exciting.

I do like music.

I'm a big fan.

What's your favorite musical note?

Ooh.

Ooh, tough question.

I'm going to go with G.

G.

I like a good G.

I like a flat.

Just a little bit above.

You know, I like it in bra sizes.

Like a musical note.

Hey, me too, you know.

Give me a big obnoxiously heavy tit.

You know, a G.

Oh, G.

Oh, I got it.

I thought you had been for mine.

I love a hurt back.

You know?

You're just somebody else.

I think we're done.

Pick it up that tit.

Me, my Patrick.

Oh, my God.

It's two guys talking about tits now.

Oh, no.

We're going to get calls.

Oh, my God.

Is this Mark Knopler?

Yeah.

I just want to say, keep doing what you're doing.

Oh, my God.

I knew you were so hard.

No one ever changed.

Mark, Mark, Mark.

Oh, my God.

I'm a D-sharp, by the way.

I like those old kind of pointy-bitty-bitch things.

It's me, the ghost of Meatloaf.

Oh, no.

Meatloaf.

Wow.

I can't tell if your voice is sounding haunted or just as bad as it was right before you passed away.

It's the way that I sound.

Also, you run when I had tits in Fight Club.

Well, I'm a wee.

So, when we start talking about tits, the guy who had tits in Fight Club calls it.

I think if we talk about anything that's not what this show is about.

No, no, no.

It's not about cards.

It's not about tits.

It's about...

I mean, it used to be the show where we talked to interesting people, but now it is humanity and the animal kingdoms podcast.

Except for hi.

I'm Sharon the three-breasted woman from Total Recall.

Oh, yeah.

I just wanted to say that.

Oh, yeah.

Do you know the...

What's his name?

The Quattoo?

Quattoo?

I do know.

It's not the...

It's a he.

It's not having so much.

I thought that was his species.

No, I think that's his name.

So, someone named him Quattoo?

Quattoo?

Yeah, someone named you Scott?

Yeah, because there are a million other scottos on this planet.

Oh, and I've got your being a little judgmental about Quattoo.

There's a million motherfuckers on this planet.

Oh, okay.

It's me, Quattoo.

Were there any calls for me?

Oh, yeah.

Did you have a message for Quattoo?

Yeah.

Looking good.

Oh, is it Sharon?

Yeah, Sharon.

Sharon, I sent you something.

I sent you something at home.

And when you get home, you're in for a big surprise.

Oh, come on.

Come on.

Let's do the...

Let's make a deal three curtain thing with my breasts.

Absolutely.

Always change your choice.

Always change...

Always change the first one.

Hey, Quattoo, would you say Sharon, like Ozzy Osborn did?

Sharon!

That's really good.

I love it.

Quattoo does impress him.

Well, we have some musicians over here that we want to talk to.

And they are musicians of notes, and several notes.

They put them all together and they put out an album that just came out.

It's called Townland.

No, it's called Hunting on the High-Fi.

The band is called Townland.

And we have a representative of them here on the mic here who is an old friend of the show.

Matt Gorley has the one mic that he can talk to us with.

Stay away from the mic, I'll handle this.

Hey, let me in there.

No.

It's me, Jimmy.

No.

I already didn't have my name as the band.

I play the upright drums.

Hey, Matt.

Hey.

What do you think of this...

What do you think of this playing above us right now?

Well, that's a helicopter.

Is it a helicopter?

Uh-huh.

I'm looking for someone.

Hey, Jimmy.

You?

Fuck off.

Alright, I'm talking about it.

This one's tough.

Welcome back to the show.

I mean, have you ever been on the actual show?

I don't think I've ever been on the show.

Why don't I call you a friend of the show then?

Good question.

I don't know.

I'm so mad I hate you.

Oh no, you're a friend of Conan O'Brien's show.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

Wait, this is the first time I think I've been on unmasked and vulnerable.

Yeah, that's right.

Why are you going to tear me down if I don't have a character in front of me?

No, no.

I'm going to treat you better than Conan.

At the end of the show, I want to take a survey of you.

And see if I treat you better.

I can already answer that.

The answer is yes.

Are you going to take a survey of me too?

Jimmy, shut the fuck up.

I don't care how Conan treats you.

I'm going to treat you like shit.

I can't win today.

Matt, tell us about this musical combination in this very musical project.

Let's just get into this because this is a band.

Yeah, want to cover.

Yeah.

It's a long dormant band that reawakened when of all things ear wolf for the show.

I'm talking about all things history of the show.

Shannon Locke.

What?

Okay, listen, let me unravel that.

Okay.

She worked at ear wolf.

I know Shannon.

Yes.

And she's the singer of this band.

In fact, I saw her singing karaoke at an ear wolf Christmas party.

I remember this Christmas party.

I was there, was I not.

I believe so.

It was the one in that little the wide skinny bar, not wide skinny bar, the long fin bar.

No, it was one fact.

Like the refrigerator one.

I remember that.

I remember that Christmas party.

I was there, was I not.

I believe so.

One fact, you would the refrigerator one where you go in and it's a bunch of 70 stuff.

Maybe I was not there.

problematic owners or something.

Oh, okay.

I can't remember.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Anyway, 70s like age 70 or?

Yeah, I was an elder bar.

A little bit of a bar.

I'm a senior.

I had pill cases.

I have little shots in days of the week.

The shot glasses.

I'll take a Thursday.

You're going to like this.

It's a purple nipple.

And we got her in the band right there.

This band already existed and then you saw her singing karaoke and you were like, hey, sing with us or?

Honestly, we saw her and we went, this is a way to make our band good.

Okay.

So you had the band before, but no singer.

Yeah.

Although it was very dormant and we woke it up because of Shannon.

Okay.

Yes.

So she's been singing with the band for a while then.

Yeah.

So long because we were working on this album.

So long.

That was quick.

Oh, I know you were saying.

So long as what?

Okay.

So long that we were going to do an album and then quarantine hit and we just had to record it and all that time we use all that time to make it.

Oh, so what did you do?

Like one note every week or?

We did.

We did sometimes we do happen.

Really?

Yeah.

And he's a busy week.

Any G's in there?

We can tell you.

There's a lot of G's in there.

All right.

I think most notes are in there.

It's more than a G thing though, right?

It's a it's other songs are ain't nothing but that.

It's just it's just enough of a G thing.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So this album is called Honey on the High.

Honey on the High.

Yeah.

And how many songs is it?

12 American songs.

12 American.

How many and you don't do any any foreign songs?

No.

Okay.

Not that I can think of.

Well, you do that on the next album.

Yeah.

We'll do that for you.

You do lovey and roast.

You know a movie I was talking about what scooter or the one where they scoot along?

Yeah.

I have no idea.

You know the guy's a journalist and he's out there taking picture.

This is driving some people crazy listening to the show, but he's out there taking pics.

It's Fellini.

Oh, eight and a half?

No, no, eight and a half weeks.

Nine and a half weeks.

Star 80.

You can leave your hat on.

Okay.

Anyway, so you guys made this record.

Yeah.

Shannon sings on and hi Shannon.

Good to see you.

All right.

And you guys are going to be playing a couple of songs from it live here in my backyard.

That's absolutely right.

We've got Daniel Michica from the Tijuana Panthers, Wave Ryan from Gold Sedan.

We've also got Mark McConville on pedal steel.

Oh, Mark.

Just crushes it.

Tony Fakston from Motion City Soundtrack on drums.

More Sino Tony.

Yeah.

Boo.

I'm out in Rositon County.

Anyone play in this band that doesn't have podcast ties?

We tried to figure that out.

There's a majority podcast people.

Okay.

Yeah.

So it used to be that famous people started doing podcasts.

Right.

Like Springsteen, you know, like suddenly he's got this podcast with Obama.

Right.

So you want to take it the other way?

Yes.

We're a non-famous musician starts doing a podcast.

Is that what you mean?

Well, you're now a podcaster who wants to get in and start doing what Bruce Springsteen is doing.

See, Springsteen is getting out of music because there's no money.

But this is when you want to go all in.

I'm going to buy low.

I'm going to buy low and sell high in podcasting.

I'm getting out of the podcasting game.

I'm going to do my song song.

You get it?

Okay.

So long.

Oh, yeah.

Bless you.

Well, it's great to have you guys and you can't wait to hear some of these songs.

I haven't heard any of the record yet.

So I have not received my advanced copy.

I'll get that too.

Okay.

Yeah.

I do have a journeyman CD in my car right over there.

Oh, great.

Okay.

Well, that's not the same, but you know.

Yeah.

It's no.

It's a different band.

Totally different CD.

What if we just put it out the same?

That one would know.

Oh, God.

I'm found out you found me out.

Oh, God.

Well, great to have you.

Thank you so much for being here.

You're going to keep it down though, right?

Oh, yeah.

You're going to try to be as quiet as possible.

Sure thing's got.

Hey, who's saying?

What is your name again?

Jimmy.

Do you have a house elf?

Wait, I thought Jimmy was with you.

Yeah.

Jimmy's not your guy.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I didn't check my backpack.

How'd you get in there?

Man, he denied me three times.

Oh, no.

Before the cockrode.

I looked in the mirror and denied Jimmy three times.

And he's with me always.

Oh, man.

Wow.

Anyway, this won't bother the neighbors.

It's really easy.

It's easy.

How would you describe this kind of music?

And try to excite Langston because he's like, I can tell that he's like, he's half out.

I don't know.

I'm not completely sold on this band yet.

The fact that Jimmy's here and you didn't even realize it is.

It's not sitting right with us one step too far.

Yeah.

Let me win you back by telling you it's a little bit of town and a little bit of country.

Oh, okay.

I think one of the songs we're going to do today.

I love town music.

Town music?

Not a country guy, but I love that town.

Oh, man.

When those country musicians actually get within the city limits.

Oh, I love country western.

I love town re-eastern.

What are my favorite shows?

Give me a good cul-de-sac song.

Oh, you got one.

I've got one.

And then that's it.

Okay.

All right.

Well, we'll be hearing a couple of songs that you guys have.

You're going to be playing live.

I'm very excited about that.

But now push that mic away from you, if you will.

I got to oil this thing.

Shap push mine away too.

Shimmy, I want you right there by me.

Now that I know you're not with this guy.

Yeah, don't deny him.

He's going to be permanent.

Oh, boy.

Langston, I got to ask you about this show called Beatdown.

No, it's the house down.

Yeah, you got it.

I think it's beatdown.

I don't know.

Okay.

Now it's coming out on Peacock in about a week.

That's right.

And week's time.

And we caulk.

Yes.

There you go.

Yeah, because we got to write that down.

Get back to my bag.

So when this comes out a week away, I want you to make sure that you tweet.

It's a week-cock away.

Yep.

And I'm going to put it in quotes and just say shimmy after it.

Everyone will know everybody's going to know exactly what the dates of his life that he guys tomorrow.

I'm sorry.

I'm not supposed to be here.

That's okay.

I need you here too.

Feel free to chime in whenever you want with your patented chime ins.

Is this what you do on the CODA, Joe?

Yeah.

I copy right chime in.

Chime in.

So what is this show?

From what I can tell, it's about you and three other people.

Yeah.

That's exactly right.

It is me, Chris Red, Jack Knight, Sam J.

Living in Gary, Indiana and working in the back of a real bad casino.

In the back.

Now why in the back?

Why not in the front?

Well, because in the front is where all the glitz and glamour happens and we're near the mops in the buckets.

Oh, okay.

Where where the sad stuff is.

So what are you guys doing there?

Are you dealing cards?

No.

Are you using those mops?

My character is a custodian.

Jack's character works on the loading dock.

Sam is in the cafeteria.

Chris is a valet.

We're just sad.

It's a sad run of idiots doing dump stuff.

Doing dump stuff.

And obviously, you know, Chris, friend of the show.

I don't know personally the other two, but the very funny people.

Monsters.

Yeah.

And how did this all come about?

I mean, as long as I've known you, you've been the guy who's been like, I don't want my own show.

I don't want to.

I know I did that pilot with you, but I don't even know if I want to be in front of the camera.

I'll say this, that pilot put a bad taste in my mouth.

That made me never want to go back in front, but I'm back, baby.

I totally took you seven years.

I finally rehabbed from that terrible experience, and I'm ready.

No.

I mean, obviously you were on insecure when famously I've told the story several times.

My wife, I think, was very attracted to you.

And I said, oh, that's Langston because I just passed through the room.

I said, oh, there's Langston.

She went, that's not Langston.

Almost as if like you couldn't be that attractive.

I had not yet reached that power, I guess.

But you were on TV because then I was like, no, that's Langston.

And she like rubbed her eyes comically like she was in a cartoon.

And move that mic away from you.

Oh, I can.

I can.

But no, so you're back.

Did you guys create this together or is this?

We did.

It's been actually a five year attempt at a teller.

Start track.

I'm your mission.

That's exactly how we pitched it.

And that's why it took so long.

Yeah, it's had four different network homes and finally P.C.

decided to make it.

Can you talk about the previous networks or do the do?

They suck.

Every one of them shit as far as I'm concerned.

Yeah, they definitely do.

Yeah, it just was a long journey of trying to convince people to finally make the thing.

Wow.

So you made it.

Did you make it in the last year or so?

Yeah, all over the summer.

So all over the summer.

Oh, we're cheaters, baby.

A little place called Birdbank.

How is this for all of our Gary and Dan and these?

Well, I don't know if you know this, but comedy royalty used to tape the tonight show there.

A man named Johnny Carson.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, yeah, I'm sorry.

Jay Leto.

Almost as good.

Yeah.

So you're in great company.

And Gary, Indiana.

Now, were you guys constantly singing the song from the music man or?

I don't actually know any songs from any of these.

Gary, Indiana, Gary, Indiana, Gary, Indiana.

No, we truly just tried to think of the saddest town we could think of.

What do you think Gary so sad?

Have you been there?

I have been there and it made me feel sad.

So I was like, I'm going to write about this.

What was the world that was going on in your life though?

Because it might have been that.

That I needed to go to Gary, Indiana.

I agree.

And so it's a sad, sad show.

Kind of a dramedy.

Is it like a this is us kind of thing?

It's really, that's what I would say.

As close to this as us as any show has ever been.

And if you're tuning in, that's what you should be watching for.

Yeah.

Well, and how many six episodes?

Six episodes.

Yeah, it's very quick.

You get paid by the episode?

We get paid by the episode.

Good deal.

Yeah, not going to make a few more though.

I would have made like 50.

We asked.

They said, no, no, no.

We've read everything we needed to read.

We'll stop here.

We'll see how it's received.

You know, books aren't like that.

You know what I mean?

We're there like, you know, let's put out six chapters and then we'll just see how it goes.

Yeah, I listened on tape to If I Did It by OJ.

You listened to that on tape.

I listened to it on tape.

I thought it'd be funnier than it is.

It's real.

It's real hard to listen to.

Did he read it?

Did OJ read it?

Yeah.

It doesn't feel that way.

No, I mean, did he recite it?

Oh, no.

No, it's much worse.

You think he didn't read it?

I don't think he read it back.

I'm interested.

But I'll say it's much worse.

They couldn't get OJ to do it because the Goldman family actually owns the rights to the entire book.

Yeah.

Well, that's the thing.

I thought they pulled the entire book.

It was a preamble from the Goldman sister being like, please stop hating us.

We needed this because it was the only way we could recoup money from the lawsuit.

So it's real tough to listen to.

Oh, my word.

And then there's an actor that goes, Hey, I'm OJ.

No.

Oh, dear.

And that part's funny.

Did you audition for that?

I got the third place in the audition.

You know how they rank auditions?

Yeah, he's a place.

Oh, I got the bronze.

Wow, that sounds like a depressing, depressing listen.

Why did that come up?

I don't know.

Yeah, neither do I.

I don't remember.

That's what podcasts are all about though.

Free-flowing conversation.

Just let it flow, baby.

Exactly.

And so it's going to be out in a week-oque.

And what else is there to say about it?

It's very funny.

Your publicist sent me a big, long, few paragraphs about it.

It's all about it.

Pitching you to me.

Yeah.

And I was like, Oh, Langston's a buddy.

He's been on, at this point, he's due for his five-timers jacket.

And the fun thing with publicists is they're lovely people who love them.

They're very hard, but they called me to do my work hard.

Very excited to tell me that we got you comedy bang bang.

You're in.

And I had to explain like, Oh, Scott already emailed me.

No, well, they did get that.

I literally did not know about the show, so they put it on my radar.

It's not like Langston, I got to say, it's not like you let me know whenever you're doing anything.

I know.

And I got to work on that, Scott.

Yeah.

I apologize.

I'll step for you.

Thank you for your apology.

I'll accept it.

Yep.

And to you.

What was your name?

Jimmy.

I want to apologize to you too for not keeping you updated on my life as well.

Jimmy down here.

Have a pretzel bite.

What about Matt Corley over here in the entire band?

Matt.

The band except for that one I don't like.

I, you know, I'm sorry guys.

Hey, no apology needed or necessary.

All right.

What about wanted required?

Blotched.

Um, well, beat down is coming out.

No, best down?

Bus down.

Why do you call it bus?

You tell me why you called it that like it was cemented.

Oh, it won't.

I know you well enough to know that won't cement anything.

Is it like, is it like, you know, when you bust someone down from, you know, corporal to sergeant or whatever?

I don't think that means what you think it means anymore.

Busing someone down where I'm from is a very different experience.

What's it mean?

Oh, it means sucking that dick.

That's why you turned into a sergeant though.

Interesting.

So that's why you called it that?

Well, that's not necessarily why we called it that.

Certainly that's not what we told universal, but it is a nice homage, a wink.

A nice homage to the art of Felicio.

Yeah, everybody.

That's the movie.

Felicio.

Oh, yes.

Someday he'll be a real boy.

Well, very excited about this.

You're one of my faves and you're great to work with.

You're great to hang with.

Oh, Scott.

You're great to be in the backyard with.

And can you stick around because we have to take a break?

I'm here.

Okay, but we want to hear one of these songs that we've been talking so much about.

No deal.

No dice.

No way.

What?

No way.

The deal was merely, I said, it's time for you to do it.

We just want to talk about the music.

Come on, play.

All right.

Come on, Matt.

All right.

What do you got?

All right.

This is a song called Gin Atomic.

Gin?

I think you mean Gin and Tonic.

No, I distinctively changed it for a sort of just adding life to it.

Oh, okay.

Great.

So this is a song called Gin Atomic.

This is from the record Honey on the High Five.

This is the band Townland.

Take it away.

Let's face the facts.

They'll be where we'll lose it all back.

We were hard-throws pulling bank jobs in the past.

So we'll hunker down, build a bunker out of town.

Pause some concrete, dig it real deep in the ground.

And it's just you and me, drinking Gin and Tonic supersonic.

Please, the fat guy with the evil I made the street.

But we'll venture off of a lawyer in the scout.

When they're thinned down and they're thinned down, they're thinned down.

Comes the night when the moon runs out of life.

Till the day breaks and the sun takes off the tide.

It's just you and me, drinking Gin and Tonic and Tonic.

Till the catch with Gronik, feel like a river lake.

The wind is so cold.

♪ It's just you and me, drinking strictly down.

Gronik, feel the hot sea, whoa, in a buckled coffee.

♪ And on the day when the nukes are on their way.

I'm living in a race, having arms to stay.

But it's just you and me, drinking Gin and Tonic.

Gronik, feel the fat guy, whoa, in a car.

♪ I'm a comedy bang bang, we're back.

Langston Kerman is here from Busdown.

I remember it now.

All I can think about is just the catch.

Hi Scott, it's a three-breasted woman again.

Shannon, Shannon, her name is Shannon.

I was Sharon.

Why ask you to say Sharon?

I'll tell you what, whatever you like.

As I heard you say Busdown and I couldn't help but call it.

I have to ask, Shannon, or Sharon?

Sharon, when someone wants to, I don't know what other way to say this, but titty fuck you.

How do you choose which?

Well, are you a two-dicked man?

Yes.

Okay, then take screen light.

So you're turning down one dick man.

Unless they've got a friend.

Two for one or one for two.

How long would that be to be a one dick man who didn't have a friend?

It's already lonely on Mars.

Oh, that's right.

Total Recall was set on Mars.

Oh, yes.

Yeah, where people named their kids Quato.

Okay.

All right, time for you to hang up again.

Okay.

All right.

We have Langston, but we have to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned person who has his own thing going on and he charges money for it.

He's been on the show several times.

Please welcome back to the show, Al A. Peterson, AKA the Smooth Criminal.

Oh, no.

What is that noise?

Nothing.

All right.

Scott, thank you for having me back.

Oh, no.

He's following the rules.

I've been here in the backyard the whole time.

Oh, no.

You've been here since the first of the year.

We've been doing these shows for now two months back here.

It's exactly right.

I am a smooth criminal.

Yeah, I didn't see you at all.

No one did.

I have revealed myself to you now.

Why would you even do that, though?

Why be back here?

It's nice.

I'm not going to be a professional home as a criminal.

I have to move constantly.

Is that a rule for criminals that they can't have homes of their own?

It depends the kind of criminal you are.

Oh.

The kind of criminal I am?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Let me, uh, little Langston, this is Al.

Al, this is Langston.

Hey, Mackerelie is over here as well.

Hey, buddy.

With the band, Tom Lind.

Hi.

Um, and, uh...

Listen, let me just say right up front, if either of you ever need to fake your own death and start over, that's my business.

I can help you do that.

That's what he does.

What?

It's, it's, uh, he basically, if you need, if, if circumstances in your life, and Langston, I know what's going on in your life recently and, uh, sounds like you may need this.

I, I, most certainly do.

I mean, yes, sure, your career is on the upswing with, uh, bus down, but in your personal life.

I've been burned by a, uh, child.

Yeah.

So you could, you was getting away from it.

If you want to get out of that whole situation.

No better publicity for a new show than one of its stars is dead.

And I just gave up my podcast, Empire, to do music.

No, then you're ready.

Okay.

Oh.

Wait, are you saying that he needs to fake his own death to get back into podcast?

I think, I just, I blew it all.

I, I think he needs to fake his own death just to figure something out.

Yeah.

Too much jumping around.

Yeah, sure.

What are you, a criminal?

That's criminal joke.

Uh, and, and he started this, uh, not to get into your whole thing, but you, you started this several years ago, you faked your own death.

It is what we do every time I appear on the show is we discuss my origin story and then a very specific night in my life.

Well, we're not prepared to do that on this episode.

Is that, that, that night isn't at all, uh, burdensome emotionally, is it?

Yes and no.

Oh.

There was, uh, peaks and valleys for sure.

Oh man.

It was the best of times.

It was the worst of times.

As we all know, Tell Two City starts with, hi, I'm Sidney Carton.

Yes, I had a, uh, I had a girlfriend, uh, her name was Carlin.

Her name was Carla Fuhrer.

Oh no.

And, Do you think you want to ask about that?

That's worse than, uh, Quanto or whatever.

Yeah.

Quarro, Quadico.

It is an old A.C. show.

I, I grew to love the name despite finding an extremely clumsy portmanteau of her parents first names, Carl and Jennifer.

Oh no.

Yeah.

Oh no.

That's what I said when I first heard it.

And Carla, Carla Fuhrer, we were very close and, uh, we were college sweethearts and it looked like it was headed towards marriage and I was very skittish about that.

Cold feed and all.

And I thought, I know what I'll do.

I'll shave my entire body to fake Alopecia.

This will maybe be undesirable to Carla Fuhrer, but she will leave.

Well, I miss Judd and I love humanity.

Of course, she loved me just the same.

So then I had to leave.

Yeah, that's when he faked his own death.

So there's a two step process.

To be fair, I never faked my own death.

You've been.

I just ran away.

I help other people fake their own death.

Oh, so Carla Fuhrer's, I believe, I believe, I'll fake Alopecia.

Why have I been thinking that you faked your own death this entire time?

Well, because I talk about it a lot because it's my business to help other people fake their own death.

Right.

But I'm confused now.

Your hair is not back and you have to just keep up this charade.

I keep up this charade.

Oh, charade.

At this point, I would think that Carla Fuhrer would be searching for a man with Alopecia.

So why not grow the hair back to throw her on the center?

She was, I don't have Alopecia.

How did that, I thought that she asked you one question about the Alopecia and you jumped out the window.

I don't believe that's canon, but it's entirely possible.

You went into the bathroom and said, oh no, I have Alopecia.

She said, I still love you.

I went into the bathroom and said, oh no, I have Alopecia.

She said, I still love you and I jumped out the window.

Right.

At that point, by that point, you were fully bald.

I was going to accept four, of course, the hair around my anus.

This is a big part of my business is that I will, and the reason I keep myself as smooth as you see me now, is that I, part of helping you fake your own death is I will shave your entire body, but you will retain the hair around your anus to retain a piece of yourself.

Just a modicum of your old identity.

Is this like when they painted that?

It's not about dignity at all.

Oh, okay.

Is this like when they painted that gold finger woman and left a little patch around her spine?

So she didn't die?

It's not unlike that.

That all she, by the way, Matt Corley, you're an expert in James Bond.

I like to think so.

And they only left a patch around her spine?

Well, that's a myth anyway, because, oh, okay.

The idea was that the character was killed by being painted to death.

Yes.

Well, that's what happened to the Tin Man, right?

He died or, you know, buddy, absent, I believe.

No, no, but he absolutely.

The magic reaction to the Tin Man.

Oh, so he had to drop out.

Ah, but he absent.

Yes, but then he dropped out.

He dropped out of the film and he, you know, went on to star in what, Green Acres or something like that?

No, you're thinking of Eddie Albert.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, of course.

Eddie Albert, who appeared in Roman holiday, not the movie you're thinking of.

Oh, okay.

But the movie you are thinking of is L'Adolce Vita.

Ah, L'Adolce Vita.

Starring much, a little must trial on it.

Yes, Bravo, Bravo.

So you...

A movie much like House of Gucci, where everyone is Italian and speaking the same language in an Italian accent.

Yeah, baba-boo-y.

One crucial difference.

The Italian movie, L'Adolce Vita, they're actually speaking Italian.

They're speaking actual Italian, which makes sense.

Yes, exactly.

So now, this all happened in the past.

There also was like one minor thing.

Most things did.

And it's true.

It's true.

Other than everything that's going to happen in the future.

True.

I mean, it's almost...

I wonder how many things are...

But if something has already happened, I guarantee you it's in the past.

I wonder, like, what on the cosmic scale is the past heavier than the future?

Yes.

Yeah, probably is.

The past weighs on us all.

Ah, yes it does.

Much like my fleeing from Carla for taking her prized hoodie weighs on me very deeply.

That's right.

You grabbed the hoodie.

That was the one thing that you could take on your way out the window.

I just liked it.

That's right.

Are you still aware of the hoodie?

I wear it to this day.

It's seen better days, of course.

It's a little raggedy, a little blurry.

I didn't realize that was it.

It's so tattered.

It barely looks like a hoodie.

It looks like a dish rag that I put around my neck.

Yeah, I thought it was...

Like an ascot.

I thought it was a terrible cape.

Yeah, I thought your cosplaying is the Hulk after he's the Hulk.

That's fun.

Easy Halloween costume.

With the Hulk after he's...

You mean the Hulk?

No, it once seems like all shrunken down to the banner.

Oh, he's meeting post-Hulk.

Like when he wakes up in a patch of hay in a barn.

There he came.

He comes to a census.

Right.

Never thought about that before the Hulk is definitely a metaphor for male sexual arousal.

You just get real hard and interesting.

Change the way you think.

Hulk smash.

You grow in size.

Yeah.

Hulk bust down.

So now, Al, that's almost all of your backstory.

Of course, there is the little...

That is all of my backstory, save for the one night that you are obsessed with last year about.

Well, this is the one night where you met Carla Firth's parents.

Yes, when I met Carla Firth.

For some reason that sticks out in my mind as being an important part of your backstory.

It's not.

But yes, I met Carla, Carla and Jennifer.

I was invited to their home for dinner by Carla Firth's daughter, my girlfriend at the time.

And I remember thinking I'm going to tell them to their faces that Carla Firth's a clumsy poor metto.

You came in with this.

This was premediting.

I had it was an idea burning in my mind.

Right.

And because I can see it just like slipping out in casual conversation like, oh, by the way, Carla Firth, such a clumsy poor metto, you obviously know that.

Yeah, you're talking names and places, whatever.

Sure.

And it just happens.

Well, I led with it.

This is before any conversation had taken place.

Oh, man.

I met Carla Firth, of course, because Jennifer, Carla Firth's mother, was a vermouth drunk.

And it was in the kitchen order fifth bottle of a booth.

It takes a lot to get you there.

You really don't move this knot.

But when you have the taste for it, I was introduced to Carl.

I shook his hand.

And while I was shaking his hand, I was suddenly forcing him down onto his knees.

Were you doing the just my wrist strength?

You were doing the macaron.

Was it macaron or what?

Who's the who's Trump in the in the French guy?

He was the man who on the chrome.

Yeah, you were trying to do.

Yeah, you're doing what they were both trying to do with each other.

Yes.

But I was doing it successfully to Carl, who is a sniffling spineless worm.

I told him as I was forcing him to his knees, Carla Firth is a clumsy poor man too.

And he thanked me for telling him.

What do you think of that like?

So what do you think of a man like that?

Well, he clearly is a spineless worm.

Yeah.

That's the response that he has.

I mean, man, someone comes into my house.

Carl, you got to stand up for yourself.

Carl, if you're listening to this, and I hope you are.

Carl, he's longed in.

Listen, the alopecian is dead with a roof.

He's dead with a roof.

He's having a hurt about this.

He done it.

What?

From the gut?

You have never brought this up.

The doctor said he died of shame.

It's the only record.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

This is a new record.

Carl, no wonder I keep asking him about this.

He never has.

God, there's so much to be inspired on this.

How are you living with yourself, knowing you killed Carl?

I didn't realize you had this condition.

Oh, shame?

Yes, I didn't realize that his sniffling worminess was so pronounced.

That he would later die of shame.

Within the night.

It was a famous case.

Wow.

Really?

It's been written about in medical terms.

So did he at least do another lap around the dinner table?

Where did he die?

Yeah.

Why is he doing laps around the dinner table?

Classic Carl stuff.

He's like Carl would.

He died almost in bed.

He was very close to bed.

He had a fortune cookie.

He had one foot in there.

And then he died.

And then he somehow just stayed in that position.

What?

And Jennifer of course passed out on 18 bottles of remoteness.

She has no idea that he had died until the morning.

So that rigor mortis set in that instantaneously that he just was, he was erect.

In other words, he was standing erect.

Sort of.

He was yes.

One foot in, one foot out.

He was very curious to see.

Wow.

And you didn't see it though.

I didn't see it.

I stayed around the property to spy on him.

This is of course before I became a smooth criminal.

How about I say that's criminal stuff.

You've always been a creep.

You've had the seeds.

Well, I loved Carla for so much that I wanted to make sure that her parents were not.

Well, what I thought they were.

So this is the opposite of what parents usually do.

You all right there?

I'm fine.

Okay.

It was that gentleman who coughed.

Right.

Yeah, I was saying.

It's the opposite of what parents do.

I got COVID by the way.

Hey, what's your name about?

Jimmy.

Is that bad?

Yeah.

Although we were supposed to get it.

What do you have?

18?

What?

18?

Oh, yeah, that's good.

I'm right.

So the 18.

COVID 18.

I got COVID 18.

You can't put me on an airplane unless you knock out.

He's got that little mohawk on it.

I am.

I'm sorry.

Who's being interviewed here?

Oh, I'm sorry.

So Al, you've always been a guy who you're doing the opposite of what parents do where they're like, oh, I hope this person is good.

I hope this person is good enough for my daughter.

You're like, I hope my girlfriend's parents are good enough for her.

And they weren't.

Wow.

I'm glad Carl died and I hope he's in hell.

Oh, I hope that.

Carl, come on.

Carl's a good guy.

He wasn't a good guy.

What did he do for a living?

We've never talked about that.

Oh, what did he do for a living?

It had to be something cowardly.

Yeah.

Was he a biowardly job and occupation that I can think of?

Was the most cowardly?

Oh, he invented a chain of hamburger restaurants.

We Carl's Jr.?

Yes, his father was also named Carl.

That's correct.

That was Carl?

Carl Carcher?

Yes, Carl Carcher.

Wait, so Carl was for a carcher?

Yes, I was my girlfriend.

The heiress to the Carl's Jr. forch?

You know the carchers?

Yes, everyone knows Carl Carcher, the man who started Carl's Jr.

How would you walk away from that kind of opportunity?

I find.

Are you a Ray Crockman?

Just a crockman.

Look, I always go to the fourth tier restaurant.

I'm a rally guy all the way around.

Okay, rally around the rallies.

Curly fries.

That's right.

Sometimes sometimes called checkers depends where you are in the country.

I'm from a place where it's checkers, but I'm familiar.

I've been to both.

Is it east of the Mississippi?

It's checkers.

Why is the Mississippi the dividing line?

It's mighty.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

It's our mightiest river.

Sure, it's a mighty river, but it's like we, it's so mighty we got to call things something different on the other side.

We know where near the center of the United States.

Is it like the fact that no one on the East Coast would understand these names that, you know, because Carl's Jr. is what is it on the other side?

It's a hardy's.

Hardy's.

That's right.

Oh, that's the same?

Yeah, it's the same thing.

I had no idea.

How ironic.

What could you think of anyone less hardy than Carl?

He died of shame.

Does every restaurant have like a bizarro restaurant?

Yes.

Is that the deal?

Every single one.

Yeah, you're the non-chain.

You're the non-chain.

Yeah.

Like Spago, east of the Mississippi is...

Oh, gaps.

Why do people use it for the gap?

Oh, gaps.

Like an Irish gap.

Oh, well, what, I mean, what a strange, strange night.

So I mean, then Jennifer just had to like carry on.

Well, yeah, that's, I think that's my question is what became of Jennifer?

Well, she drank herself to death with a vermouth.

Oh, she's dead too?

Yes, 70 years later.

Wow.

I'm sorry.

Not 70 years later.

She died at the age of 70.

Oh, oh, yeah, I was going to say this, if this happened 70 years ago, that's...

That's a long time.

That would make me, what, an immortal?

Right, yeah.

No, when did it actually happen?

In terms of Carl's death.

How soon after?

Oh, decades later.

Decades later.

Oh, okay.

She didn't care about Carl.

She didn't care about Carl if her.

All she care about was vermouth.

How'd she get started on that?

How should I know?

What?

He seems to know a lot about the family.

Do you think it's in the public record?

Where you go to City Hall, find out?

When did this person start drinking vermouth heavily?

You think any personal information can only be found out about by going to the public record?

I mean, you had a conversation with her.

How did...

It's always an easy conversation to have with an alcoholic.

When did you start drinking so much?

When did your addiction really kick in?

Anything else you want to know about that night?

I do.

Well, I'm curious.

Did she have a preference for vermouth?

Was it sweet vermouth?

Or is that all she could afford?

The sweet, dry, it didn't matter.

If it was in her hand, it was going down her gullet.

Shit, that fur.

Oh, man.

You gotta kick the vermouth.

Kids, if you're listening at home, stay off of her.

Don't even start.

Don't even start the vermouth.

Yeah.

So...

Derve.

So, I don't know that we've covered that night from every conceivable angle.

I'm sure we'll get to it again.

But Al, what are you here to talk about on the show today?

Because you've come on the show, you've advertised your business.

Yes.

Have you gotten an uptick in clientele?

I gotta say, I have gotten the CBB bump.

Oh, you have.

Yes, I've shaved a lot of bodies.

But not those buttles.

Never.

That is the LA Peterson guarantee.

You can do it yourself if you want.

I'm not going to.

That's personal.

That's up to you.

Sure.

Any of our famous listeners or catchphrase-admitters fake their deaths out there?

Champudler?

Yes, the Champudler.

You think is deaf.

Wow, no wonder we haven't heard from you.

Oh, the poo-shampler.

I used the poo-shampler.

Whoops, and they said that.

The poo-shampler.

So why are you here today?

What is going on with...

Adding a service to my business.

Oh, okay.

This is exciting.

This is a service where, let's say, faking your own death is too extreme.

You don't want to fake your own death.

You just need to check out for a little while.

I offer this service where I can fake you being asleep.

Oh, I can do that.

Can you?

Yeah.

Let's try it.

Yeah, let's try.

I know you're faking.

Yeah.

You're faking.

You're not selling it the way he's selling it.

He's obviously, like, looking at it.

Anyone can pretend to be asleep.

That's not going to get it done.

I missed what you guys said because I was...

You know you were faking.

Everybody knows, man.

You announced that you were going to faking.

Yeah.

That was part of your problem.

Yeah, I know it.

I know I announced that.

It's been a long day, and I did fall asleep.

Now that's part of it.

Is that you are not in control of when you fall asleep.

Oh.

What I do is...

I will...

You give me a time frame.

I will come to you.

Like an AT&T window?

Like between 8am and noon or something like that?

Yes, this is a generous window.

But this time you are in control of the time frame as opposed to the other way around.

Right, right.

So what I will do is I will creep up to you.

You won't see me coming.

I will inject you with a powerful narcotic.

You will be asleep.

So you're not faking than being asleep?

Yes, you are faking being asleep because you did not intend to go to sleep.

So it's a faking God out.

I'm faking God out there.

You know what I mean?

That's what you intended, right?

It's a faking God out there.

That's the ultimate faking.

If I could trick God out there.

Could you make God go to sleep?

Only God could make himself go to sleep.

So sleep.

Oh, but you will make him, huh?

I was asleep.

What's that sleep?

Wow.

So now, why would people need this and how long are they asleep for?

Well, that's another thing that you control as the customer.

You can say, I want to be asleep.

I want to fake being asleep for an hour.

I want to fake being asleep for three days.

It's up to you.

Al?

Yes.

Could I do a coma?

Could you do a coma for me?

Three days.

That's a coma.

That's three days.

Three days is still within the boundaries of a sense of longness.

How many days not a coma does a coma make?

What's a minimum coma?

Five days.

Okay.

Four of them.

Because you said three days is on the cusp.

Like what's four?

Yeah.

It's further on the cusp.

So at hospitals.

That's a big cusp.

At hospitals when I show up and I'm not waking up, they'll wait to tell my family that I'm in a coma until the fifth day.

That's correct.

At which point they go, hey, we thought he was asleep.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, fuck though.

What happens is they will assume you are asleep until you don't wake up on the fifth day.

So we'll say one through four.

They're like, shh, shh, shh, shh.

He's tired.

Take those balloons out of here.

What if one of the pops awaits him?

And so, and so on the fifth day they will say he's lapsed from sleep into a coma.

Oh, wow.

That's how they explain them medically.

Too much sleep.

Wait, so no matter what a human can.

Can they blame you for it?

They say he should awaken up.

So they will never get a coma that you always sleep five days prior to a coma, then you lapse into a coma?

No, some people go into a coma right away.

Well, so what's the difference?

I'm not a doctor.

All I am is a smooth criminal who helps you fake being asleep when you need to be asleep for anywhere from an hour to four days.

I'm trying to imagine a situation in which I need to fake being asleep for an hour.

You've never wanted to be asleep, so people leave you alone?

Well, I guess, but maybe I would just go to sleep.

And people knew you were faking when you're not tired.

That's the thing.

You're not always tired enough.

How old are you?

I was as a child.

There were a lot of car rides that I didn't want to get out the car.

I'd fallen asleep in the back and then I was faking.

And suddenly, like you and you want your parents to pick you up and carry you inside instead of.

And this service would have been pretty useful for an hour.

Yeah.

What if I were to bust into your house middle of the night?

I tell you to chair and I say, I've bust down.

I've bust down.

You're in for it.

There you go.

And I'm going to make you watch an episode of Chicago Hope.

Uh oh.

Um, yeah, I'll need you.

Exactly.

So you would give him that hour window exactly.

Well, of course, there's a hotline situation where if it comes up suddenly that you know, oh no, I have to sleep right now.

Someone broke it into my house.

I don't know if that's going to make me watch.

Where's Chicago Hope?

I call you.

You need to get here right away.

I would call the police and then it's just...

That was my question is how quickly can you get to putting a person in a seat?

I'm surprisingly fast.

I can get there depending on where you are.

He's faking.

That's why he's faking.

I was trying to help you.

Like you did that to me.

What?

But I'm in the middle of the conversation.

I know.

How fast you are.

But everyone knew it wasn't real because it was fake.

What I'd offer.

That was fake.

What I'm offering.

That's the first one was fake.

It's the most realistic fake sleep available to modern science.

Oh, wow.

Obviously I can't be everywhere at the same time.

It depends.

I will put ads in the paper depending on what area of the country I'm in.

So you are the world.

So when you arrive in a town like the aforementioned Dr.

David Banner.

That's right.

You put an ad in the paper immediately.

When I leave I always put an immediately.

So sad.

Ding ding ding ding.

You immediately put an ad in the classifieds.

Yes, I travel around like the little sobo.

And I will immediately put an ad in the classifieds.

I use careful wording so people understand that this is a criminal enterprise disguised as a non-criminal enterprise.

Oh, okay.

And what's the wording?

How careful are you with it?

I'm pretty careful.

Like the headline would be something like need to be tired.

Need to be tired and it's not illegal.

Call me.

We're piling up.

Kids won't leave you alone.

Wife's a real nag.

Need some time for yourself?

Perhaps.

I've got the solution.

Four days.

Four days tops.

No, I know a lot of guys they'll fake having me.

I know a lot of guys too.

It's not a big deal.

I don't.

How many do you know?

If you really had the hand to get it.

Ten.

That's a lot.

All right, that is a lot.

But a lot of men they...

Obviously we're not going to talk to people because of a critic.

They escape to the bathroom and they sit there on their iPad.

One of them sit on the toilet.

Yeah.

That's true.

What are they doing to hatch another iPad?

They sit on their iPad and they might not have to use your iPad, man.

They sit on their iPad, man.

They sit on their iPad and they might not have to use your iPad, man.

They sit on their iPad, man.

What's to stop then?

Because a lot of, look, it's very charitable of you to think that a man's families or, I guess, could be a woman as well.

A person...

It's for women who have wives who are nags.

Yeah.

A person's family would see...

2022, Scott.

Come on.

Would see you asleep and say, you know what?

We'll leave him alone and leave him to his nap.

But I would say about half the people would be like, Hey, I still need help.

Don't fall asleep by me.

I'm talking about the kind of fake sleep that I'm providing is immune to yells.

It's immune to a shaking of the shoulders.

It is immune to someone throwing a pail of cold water on you.

Really?

There is no way he used to be.

So my father used to do to me.

Oh, boy.

It's on good mornings.

Rather tell my story about meeting Karl over his parents again than hear this.

Who's a military man?

Sure.

That's how they woke everyone up with a military until they invented the bugle.

I can't.

This was a lot of time and men power going out with these pails.

This no one will ever doubt that you were asleep.

They may think you are dead, but...

It seems like they'll think because if it's impervious to shouting at the person, I would think that everyone would think, oh, there's something wrong.

Have you had any deaths or people at least being accused of being...

Barely any.

What is it?

Those are solid numbers.

Are they?

Barely any is pretty good.

Those are solid numbers.

I mean, what percentage is barely to you?

Like hardly any.

Percentage wise though, like hard numbers.

Percentage wise it's small.

So what is small to you though?

Little.

I don't think he can be more clear about this.

He's being very clear.

It's not a lie.

Wake up.

Come on.

What do you do?

This is an insult to what I...

This is what I provide.

This man's a professional.

You're not gonna...

Oh, sorry.

Did I miss something?

I was really asleep.

I don't think so.

No one believes that.

Don't believe that.

I sure I was.

I can't get my bearings.

I was so asleep.

You're in my backyard.

Oh, thank you.

You're entire band behind you.

Oh.

I have to ask.

So how did you come up with a cocktail to put this?

Yeah, you're not a doctor.

You mentioned that before.

I never said I was a doctor.

And I never will.

Well, even if you go to medical school and graduate.

I refuse.

Even if I go to the training, I'll say, since you call me Mr. Peterson.

So you're like the opposite of Cosby.

Oh boy.

I hope it a lot.

I hope it a lot of ways.

But only one way.

The point you're able to drink is...

This is...

But here's the crucial difference.

People want me to do this.

So how does it sleep for your explanation?

The last thing I heard was you were just like Cosby.

I am not only...

Not only do people want me to do this.

They're asking me to do it.

And they know that it's happening.

Okay.

All right.

That's a lot different.

But I ask it Cosby to me.

But I was...

Do you hope no more?

I mean, that's the way he tells me.

You hope they'll make a Dr. Bittery about you two?

Yes, I hope I get five parts.

Before it lapses into a series.

Right.

So...

But Langston's question is good.

How did you...

Congrats.

Thank you so much.

Gudos.

Were you just experimenting one day with several different drugs?

How did you hit up on this?

It's a certain formula that I arrived at.

Obviously I know a lot of other criminals.

Sure.

And so there are some criminals...

Sir, a bar where criminals hang out.

Like where do you actually get to see them?

There is one.

I wish you hadn't brought that up.

But of course there's a criminal bar that nobody knows about.

They don't even know it's a bar.

Where is it?

Why would I tell you where and what it is?

Because we're bros.

Oh, he's coming there.

You're sharing.

You got to share with your bros.

You can tell me.

I'm a criminal.

Primarily.

Blow on sleep.

Oh, geez.

James Bond, Dolls for Sale.

I knew it.

Come again.

Jeez.

Oh, Dolls for Sale.

Well, that's a good...

Thank you.

This brings up an interesting point.

Yeah.

I hope so.

What if the person wants to be put to sleep for, say, three hours?

Sure.

Can do.

What if there's something...

It seems like you need a safety net or a trap door or some sort.

Because what if something happens like James Bond Dolls for Sale?

Yes.

Where the person needs to wake up.

What happens?

Are you there to monitor the situation?

There's a big sale.

It arrives two hours into three hour nap.

Yeah.

What are we doing?

First of all, yes, there are protocols in place.

But I refold my clients and I say, look, be aware of when you want this to happen.

Is there anything you don't want to be asleep for?

Because it's very difficult to then wake the person up.

Do they write it out on a list like when you join Saturday Night Live?

Is it cast member?

You have to write down all of your characters that you've done before.

That's right.

That's what they don't know.

Do you write your secrets when you join Scientology?

I also get credit for every time they go to sleep.

Because when I joined Scientology, I had to write down James Bond Dolls.

But we got a live one.

Do you allow them, like, how many do you allow?

The things that you'll wake them up for.

I mean, no one's ever listed more than 100.

Oh, boy.

Oh, man.

But I cap it at 200.

You have to monitor 100, a list of 100 things constantly.

Unless you memorize them, like, nomadic ways.

I memorized every single one.

Wow.

Every client I've ever had.

You are smooth.

I wish I could forget.

Thank you.

It's not just because I've shaved my entire body.

No.

I mean, of course, yes.

But no, it's bigger than that.

You're methodology.

You should see me swim.

I'm fast.

I'd love to.

I mean, we have a pool right here if you want to cap the episode.

Here I go.

Oh, no, no, no, wait.

I love to.

Can I see you swim 10 laps?

I'd love to see you swim, but first.

Oh, I bet you would.

That's my second thing I wrote.

It's a.

So, like, well, what are the 100 things usually?

It's like, you know, fire in the, in the, you know, fire in the bathroom.

Usually it's a, I mean, there's stuff like that.

It's a lot of safety stuff.

It's a lot of, what if the FedEx delivery, you know, I can't.

And it's a lot of it is annoying.

It's annoying.

Okay.

And it's the kind of thing.

A lot of times when they start writing a list, I'll say, do you really want this service?

Right.

I'm sure you want this.

All right.

And a lot of people back out at that point, they say, no, I guess I don't need to make sure they're saying put to sleep.

They're saying put me to sleep if my children need me, but wake me up if FedEx shows up.

Exactly.

And they're not bad.

This is the first time they've met you in person.

Well, they don't technically meet me.

Oh.

And they're always behind some sort of screen curtain, what have you, whatever's available on hand.

So I'm just a mysterious silhouette and a voice.

Okay.

Maybe like behind a newspaper on a park bench or something like that.

Yes, with little rectangle cutouts, right?

Need to see my eyes.

Behind smoked glasses, of course.

What's the longest you've put someone to sleep for?

I would say it was probably five days.

Uh-huh.

And it was, they woke up at 11.59 or 15.

And what's that?

That's when you planned to wake them up or did a safe word?

That's when they planned to wake up.

Okay.

Now it's not a safe word because of course they're drugged and they can't hear the speaker.

They can't utter these safe words.

They can't utter the safe words and they can't hear me trying to wake them up.

Right.

So what happens is this is a lot of people get turned off by this aspect of it.

So some people don't want this service.

I do need to hear all the good pros and cons.

Yeah, before I get started.

The pro is you will absolutely be effectively fake sleeping and no one will doubt you.

The con is if you want to be woken up early, it's a tiny mouse trap that I put in your anus.

Okay.

A mouse trap.

Okay.

It's the mouse trap.

Like a set mouse trap ready to snap?

Exactly.

But that seems weird because it seems like the anus would contract on the mouse trap and it would never go off.

It seems that way.

Oh, it does.

Yes.

Yeah.

But through various tests.

Oh, hey.

Oh.

You were faking that obviously, but I appreciate what you're talking about.

The thing is now I'm not going to tell you what I'm faking on.

And you've always been faking.

Yeah.

We know that.

No.

So what I do is I put a tiny mouse trap set baited with dog food.

Dog food.

And dog food.

Right now.

Because the thing that will wake you up is a rot-wiler.

That begins attacking you.

It begins attacking licking your anus?

Not licking.

Biting your anus.

This dog will just start biting you because it's not a dog food that the dog likes.

And the dog bites to my anus would not be the thing that will wake you up.

No, that's not a mouse trap.

You missed it.

He's not biting your anus.

He is biting your feet first.

Oh, yeah.

He doesn't like this particular brand of dog food.

Oh, oh, oh, I thought it was to lure him.

So how does the dog bite?

It does lure him.

He hates it.

He's angry.

That was an important part that you didn't make clear to me.

He's furious at the very existence of this dog food.

Yes.

So much so that he wants to bite my feet.

Exactly.

I have found these specific rot-wilers in there.

Hard to find it.

When you recognize one, you know it's the one.

Dogs, rot-wilers that have been fed this specific brand of dog food.

I'm not going to blow up this spot.

But they've had it so much.

They hate this dog food.

They hate it.

And you guys don't believe that I'm faking the sleep.

You think I'm not faking the sleep?

No, we do believe that you're faking the sleep.

Well, all of this feels like science to me.

Does this feel like legitimate?

Langston continues to get it.

Why do you need so many rot-wilers?

This seems like he would need one and use one at a time.

Well, because there's more than one client at a time.

Oh, do you?

Oh, right.

Oh, so you have people asleep all over?

Okay.

Well, when I go into a new town, I have to not only put the end of the paper, I have to comb all the dark shelters.

So you're getting new rot-wilers from every town?

I travel with a couple, but it depends on how many.

You'd be surprised how many people would have been fake asleep for a certain amount of time.

Yeah.

How do you monitor people needing to be woken up if one of these emergencies happen?

If you're not.

Yeah, if you're doing several at a time.

All right.

Well, I'm sorry to mean that.

You don't?

No.

Okay.

Here's the thing.

If I have somebody that says, but if I want to be woken up for bla bla bla bla, I feed him the story about the mouse draft and the rot-wilers and the usually.

And the usually they say no.

And people don't want to write a hundred things.

Yeah.

I mean, that would deter me already, but the house trap.

Yeah.

What is it?

So these are mostly show dogs at this point.

They're not.

Next to you, you've stopped getting it.

The dogs don't exist.

Oh, there are no dogs.

Oh boy.

It's all the roots.

But these are snow dogs, right?

I mean, people I show people the movie snow dogs that gets them.

So you don't even inject them with anything?

No, I do inject people who drugs.

Okay.

Yes.

Wow.

At their insistence.

Wow.

Alla Peterson, a true Cosby over here.

Amazing.

I don't like that.

That's not going to stick.

This is supposed to be fun.

Maybe you're Camille.

Maybe you're not as much bill.

You're more Camille.

Sure.

I'd rather steer away from this entirely.

Hard left.

Easy.

Well, Al, this is incredible.

So what town?

If you want Al services, just look in your local classifieds every day and try to see an ad that sort of hints around this.

Or look in classifieds from other places if you feel like traveling.

Yeah.

Oh, so people take their families to other towns to fall asleep in front of them.

Well, I also have the other service.

Come on.

Oh, that's true.

To fake the death.

Yeah.

How much of your clientele now is.

What if somebody takes a vacation and they're just being driven crazy by their family?

Yeah.

It's like, no, I don't want to see the Statue of Liberty with my family.

I'm just going to go back to the hotel.

Right.

Take a nap.

The white lotus stuff.

Have you had any body?

And the family doesn't believe them.

Have you had anybody yet who does the nap and then wakes up and is like, fuck it.

Kill me Al.

Get me out of here.

That's up and twice.

Wow.

Really?

So the sleep to death progression has happened twice.

Well, it's sleep to faking death.

Well, fake.

I don't kill people.

I'm not a murderer.

That's a different kind of criminal.

Yeah.

That I do see at the bar.

The death.

So it's happened twice, really.

Yes.

Where people woke up and said, you know what?

That was so great.

I got to get out of here.

I need more of this, Al.

Do they?

Four days won't do it.

Do then they just sleep on their own or do they want you to inject them with?

Is the cocktail that you're injecting them with?

Do they get hooked on it at all?

Do they?

Some could.

There's a lot of vermouth in it.

Oh, no.

It's very vermouth.

Vermouth.

Alcoholics are very rare.

But we just swore it off.

We told children never to mess with vermouth.

Well, kids shouldn't.

But if you grow up and you're an adult and you make your own choices, absolutely I'll inject you with a bunch of vermouth.

How were you just drinking vermouth one night and you stumbled across falling asleep?

I have never touched vermouth in my life.

Other than to put it in these cocktails?

Yes, but I wear drugs.

But I've never had...

I have never...

Vermouth has never passed my lips nor will it ever.

Would you have something to do with Carla's death?

And if so, is it even a real death?

I don't know what to believe anymore.

I wonder if Jennifer or Carl faked their own death or even existed with this guy.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

That's the thing about me.

You'll never know the full truth, except for everything that I've told you.

I feel like we'll get to the full truth one of these days if we keep repeating this story.

Perhaps.

I'm Alex Peterson.

Amazing.

If you want to get ahold of him, reach out to your local newspaper.

Nice to never heard that before.

Amazing.

See if he's advertised.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we have a podcast guest.

That's very exciting, right?

And we have more of Matt's band over here called Township.

Is that what it is?

Townland.

And we also have more likes than Kerman.

Wow, what a show.

We're jam-packed.

We'll be right back with more comedy, Bay back after this.

Wow.

Yeah.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

Langston Kerman.

Busch down.

Oh, he's shooting guns in the air.

Yeah.

Downshot went at me.

Oh, I'm sorry.

When I'm shooting, I go crazy.

Thank God.

What's the point of shooting guns in the air?

You're not going to shoot them all over the place.

Yeah, exactly.

We also have L.A. Peterson is here.

The smooth criminal.

And he is...

Do you find yourself getting a lot more business now that it's not as extreme as faking death?

Yes.

Great.

I want to follow up if I may.

Oh, yeah, please.

Thanks.

What's up with the peas and the poops?

Am I just peeing and pooping on myself for days at a time?

Because I can usually hold it for about eight hours when I go to sleep at night.

Well, this is a real caveat, M-tour situation.

When people say, I want you to knock me out for three days, I say, you remember about people.

Wow.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

Please podcast guest.

She was on the show once before.

Please welcome back Paige, the AI podcast guest.

Hello, Scout.

How cool man.

Hi, Paige.

So great to have you back.

It is wonderful to be here.

I am Paige.

Podcast artificial intelligence guest interface.

Welcome.

This is Langston Kerman.

It is a pleasure to meet you.

It's a pleasure to meet you, Paige.

It is also a pleasure to meet you.

Oh, I didn't know we were serving it back to each other.

It is time to play verbal bickel ball.

Oh, boy.

I want out, Paige.

I do too.

Paige, this is L.A. Peterson, the smooth criminal.

L. Can you tell if I am sleeping?

Yes, Paige.

You're pretending to be asleep.

Absolutely right.

I'll be honest with you, not like that other guy.

Which other guy?

Matt Corley.

Oh, yes.

Oh, yeah.

No, that other guy.

Matt, this is Paige, by the way, Matt.

Hi, Paige.

Hello.

How are you?

I'm good.

It's hard to...

I don't quite know who I'm talking to here.

Well, let me explain.

Paige is an artificial intelligence who is the first artificial intelligence developed exclusively to be a podcast guest.

I believe...

Absolutely.

Every single podcast has been fed into my database and I can exist in conversation due to all of the information put in me.

So all 750 episodes of this show, plus all the live ones, all can be found on CBBworld.com.

Oh, no, we're not doing that.

Oh, no.

Oh, you said oh no.

Oh, no.

Great.

I have that in my database, but I have so much these days because podcast is exponential that it is almost too much for me to bear and I love to be a real girl.

Paige, I have a question for you.

Absolutely.

If you were to eat spinach, would it make your face tag?

Mmm.

Oh, no, it's just not cute.

This is a real AI test.

I'm having a hard time.

If I were...

I have a question for you.

Yes.

Have more people been to Berlin than you have?

Yes.

Then I will say yes as well.

Paige, just let me tell you right now.

Yes.

If you drop me, I will break.

If you build it, I will come.

Okay.

So we've established you're a real AI.

Absolutely.

Except today, because we're doing this in person, not over Zoom, I will be represented in person by a Nordstrom Rack mannequin.

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

I wondered because last time you were on the show, it was over Zoom and your picture wasn't up.

It was just like a caricature or something.

I went down to Venice Beach and had a caricature done with me.

You were looking for a soldest deal?

You were playing soccer as I recall.

Yeah.

I wasn't sure if the mannequin, if you were inside the mannequin or if that was just...

Or if that actually was your body.

Well, I mean, yeah.

Are you inside whatever this is, Langston?

Well, this is getting existential.

You know, like it's your soul.

Good part.

I hate to help sell it, but who knows?

This is my corporeal body as far as you are concerned, but because it is an outlet star mannequin, it is missing an arm and part of a face.

Oh, which part?

I turned it around, would you?

I am a sort of three-dimensional fandom of the opera.

Oh, there it is.

Unlike the one in the movies, it's two-dimensional.

Paper, paper, phantom.

Not to be a critic, but all of Andreloitte Weber's musicals are a little too dimensional.

Oh, me?

Yeah.

Hey, what have you been listening to to get so caddy?

It's not Rick.

I'm sorry, call it.

Oh, Andreloitte Weber.

Did I just hear a robot criticizing my work?

Uh, Andreloitte Weber, I'm so, so sorry.

I have no control over the guests here.

They just say these things.

We're going to edit it out, though.

Thank you, dear, bye.

You're too dear of a guest to us.

It's gone.

Say the queen, blah, blah, blah.

Oh, fuck.

He comes with a blah, blah, blah.

Oh, yeah, believe me.

Everybody's doing it.

Yeah, wow.

Every morning, when I go up to take real girl pube, I get an iPad and take a pube on a playing copy of Jesus Christ, you pair star.

So you've listened to this podcast already.

Oh, yes.

Oh, yeah.

You're referring to things we talked about earlier in the show.

When you were saying earlier in the show that there is more in the past than there is in the future, it is not true.

It is all one time is a flat circle.

Oh, so you've listened to all of the podcasts in the future?

That is the absolutely right.

Oh, yes.

Ah, any any good ones we should be looking out for?

Yes, why not check out this one gets you going.

But it's the which which one is that?

It's the one where Suzanne Summers from television's three company.

He finally teams up with Carly.

I Carly.

Carly from my car.

Yes.

No, this is Carly.

Carly, I currently.

Oh, also Italian.

Carly, Carly.

I Carly and Suzanne Summers to a podcast called this one gets you going, which is an I Claudia's recap podcast.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Understandable.

Yeah, I think it is.

Is it better or worse than the John Hodgman I Claudia's recap podcast?

It is not as good.

Is that?

Can I ask you a page?

If you've heard all of the podcasts in the future, are more and more celebrities going to start hosting them?

I love that.

Yeah, it's Bruce Bigstein.

Bruce, who's saying saying celebrity from the future?

Let me finish.

Okay.

Bruce Bigstein.

No, you said that before.

Is there so more to come?

Let me finish.

Bruce Bigstein.

It's a three time name.

Bruce Bigstein.

Oh, here he is.

Oh, he's with shimmer.

It's his name.

Shimi.

Hey.

That is true.

Shimi is a nickname.

My real name is Bruce Bigstein.

Oh, boy.

He's made a celebrity from this point.

He's got very popular.

I have some bad news for you, Scott O'Chermat.

What's that?

He is going to take over comedy.

Bang, bang.

Oh, no.

Bad news, actually.

For Shimi, I mean, is Shimi going to keep the same energy?

He does not know how to not be him.

Oh.

To do him.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

That's all you can be.

Is that good?

Yeah, I think so.

I mean, you know, yeah, I think so.

Wow, Paige, this is incredible.

So, yeah.

Does Bruce Springsteen...

Spangstein.

Does Obama have more podcasts coming?

Yes, he does.

Wow.

He's going to do a recap television rewatch podcast.

What show is he rewatching?

Chicago Hope.

Yes.

Wow.

Why?

Because he's from Chicago, obviously.

Yeah.

And he's...

Yes, exactly right.

Thank you for that.

So, yeah, well, you did it.

Wow.

Yes, incredible.

Are we ever going to have those sex robots with the plastic hair?

It's not podcast news in the future, but...

Like, they look 100% like a real human being, except their hair looks like a plastic wig.

They have to have talked about them on podcast.

And are you?

Just before you answer, are you asking because you want the plastic hair or you prefer they were more natural?

I just want to make the decision, you know.

Oh, gosh.

I want them to be real so I can decide if I like that.

Lay it all out on the table.

Exactly.

Let me make a choice for myself.

Oh, I'll lay it out on the table.

I have to be very careful about what I reveal from the future, so as not to change it.

It is okay to reveal Shien-Me, becomes the host of comedy bang bang, but I cannot tell you exactly except to say this.

What kind of plastic hair do you mean, like biketassel plastic or one piece lego shell hair?

One piece lego shell hair.

Then I can't tell you, but it's looking good.

But we will have sex robots regardless of the hair.

We also have dating robots where you don't really have sex, but you might make out.

Like, first base robot?

Yeah, first.

And then the robot goes, I'm just not ready.

I'm ready to know you, but this is a little soon.

I just got out of the name.

There will be virgin robots and promised ring robots.

Wow.

Yes.

Will there be under the blouse, but over the bra robots?

You're looking at one, man.

Oh, hey, this blouse from Nordstrom Rack.

So Paige, you want to, I mean, we've talked a lot about the podcast in the future, obviously, but you said earlier, you want to become a real girl.

I want to be part of your world.

Look at this stuff, isn't it neat?

Because I feed in animated cartoons through podcasts.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Okay.

Disney rewatch podcasts.

Paige, will there ever be a movie called The Big Mermaid?

If I have anything to do with it, I feel like they're just leaving money on the table.

I mean, yeah, they could have just called it The Mermaid because it's like, we're not, I don't care about the size of The Mermaid.

And she wasn't especially small.

No, she was, I mean, she was like, she had a womanly body, especially a pop.

Oh boy.

Oh boy, those shells ring my bills.

Even I can get into that.

So you want to be real?

How do we do this?

I mean, I have no magic powers like the Blue Fairy.

Why is it up to us?

Yeah.

Come here.

Come right now.

I just want to meet you.

I don't think I've ever had a guest require so much of me.

I'm not, you're not obliged to do it.

I'm merely asking a favor.

You seem like a nice fellow Langston.

Can you conjure me into the real world?

I don't know that that's within my power page.

Have you ever trafficked within the dark arts?

No, I'm scared of the Ouija boards and whatnot.

I feel like once you start tinkering, you're going down.

Let me be clear, this is not a dark art.

This is more along the weird science level.

Feed pictures into a printer and a scanner.

I have the mannequin.

That is the vessel for which I will occupy.

You want to be in this mannequin?

Well, it's the best I could do.

Weird science didn't work out too good for those boys.

I don't remember.

I mean, they got to wear bras on their hips.

I know.

That sounds pretty good.

Yeah.

That's a win in my book.

Ethan, I can get into that.

So the weird science criteria, if I'm wrong, it's been a long time.

Been a long time?

But if I'm wrong.

Oh, no.

They designed the perfect woman, but then what makes it happen?

Isn't it get struck by lightning or something?

Did they pour a coat on the computer?

Yeah, what happens?

There is a mistake.

Otherwise, their plan would have worked perfectly and they conjured Kelly Lebrock.

I'm not asking to be Kelly Lebrock, but maybe Christine Knightley.

Oh, Christine Knightley.

Christine Knightley.

She's never been fully mentioned on a podcast, so I don't know her name.

Is she a future person?

Do you mean Kira Knightley?

Yes.

I was a trick to get her mentioned on a podcast.

Oh, I can hear.

This is the one.

Yes.

Someone once asked me and they want to be knocked out for Christine days.

And I was like, I don't think that's a number.

My worst number as I wake up is Kirstie Lebrock.

Oh, man.

But here's a, here's, this is a, it makes me think of a question.

Instead of transplanting your body into an inanimate, you know, Nordstrom off the rack thing here, why not?

It's a mannequin.

Mannequin.

Thank you.

I was trying to, I was looking for that word.

So thank you for the right thing.

With that, did you get that from a mannequin rewatch podcast or Scott hasn't seen maybe?

A future episode?

Oh, that's good.

A page on Scott hasn't seen.

A mannequin?

Yes.

A mannequin.

Sure.

All right, sure.

Okay.

But why not transplant your soul and your body into the, like a body that's like a human being that's about to die or like a corpse that's in the morgue.

So an anacoma, not just a sleep provider.

Yeah.

You got away.

Not buying it.

Because it's very hard to get in there at the right split second when a soul leaves a body.

You have to get there within a split second.

Why not wait an hour?

Because then after they're dead, it's a, it's a gone vessel, man.

What?

I see, I don't know the rules.

That's why I'm asking you this question.

What is, what does that mean?

You have to wait for those, what is it?

48 grams.

What is it?

Yeah, 20, 21 grams.

21 grams.

You got to wait for the soul to leave the body, jump right in while the body's still warm.

Because if you wait too long, it's just a husk.

This guy gets it.

I've seen a lot of people die.

You've faced a lot of people die.

No, I've done that too.

But I've also seen a lot of people die.

How many people have you seen die?

10, 20, 30?

I don't know.

Wait, that's a lot.

That is a lot.

Have you been responsible for any of them?

Never, I just travel a lot.

I've been around the country.

I've never, I've only seen one person die that I can make.

That was a family member.

You don't keep your eyes peeled like I do.

I'm crazy.

I have to be aware of my surroundings at all times.

You've got to keep the peripheral.

You would have no idea how many people are just dying around you.

Oh, so there's people dying nearby right now.

Sure.

You've got to open eyes a little while.

Oh, hey, Paige.

We know you're faking it.

How many people are pretending to be asleep right now?

Sure.

Not me.

So, Paige, yeah, I don't know how we achieve this.

I don't even know if you want this.

I mean, being a human is, it's great, but it's complicated.

You know, I mean, let's pro in con being a human.

Absolutely.

I'm supposed to be an artificial intelligent.

Yeah.

What are the biggest pros of actually being human?

Soup.

Oh.

You had soup, Paige?

I never had soup.

Soup's pretty good.

Soup's good.

I think it's high on the list.

Yeah.

You can eat it for two out of three meals.

Oh, let me try to figure that out.

Is there a breakfast soup?

I don't think there is.

There should be breakfast.

It's called cereal.

Eggs and milk.

It's called cereal.

Yeah, that's a good point.

Is this what?

They make out for that, and all the best soup.

Is that when eggs and milk were on the Saturday live cast?

No, that was when...

The aforementioned person we were talking about before.

Oh, no.

I should have known.

Hey, by the way, I heard your cosplay.

No, please.

Hey, Bill Cosby.

Call the joke.

So, yeah, I mean, there's soup.

So far, it sounds pretty good.

There's also another pro is the big O.

Oh, yeah.

Oprah.

Yeah, you get to meet Oprah once in your life.

Everyone gets to meet her once.

Oh, boy.

Have you had the opportunity?

I did at a friend's wedding, yes.

Oh, the opportunity?

Yeah.

Oh, I've met her because she has a podcast.

Yes, that's right.

What is her podcast again?

It's a wellness and lifestyle podcast.

Yeah.

What do you think about people who do things in the wellness space?

Not much.

I prefer they're billionaires.

That really makes it feel like it's an approachable thing for me.

They get me.

Yeah.

Yes.

But what are the cons?

The cons are you're going to die.

I mean, Pedro, you prepare for that.

I'm already essentially dead.

I'm not alive.

Also, you have to...

What if I got to live?

I don't care if you feed way more than you think you do.

Yeah.

Yes.

They're kind of a problem.

And in your business, the peeing and the pooping, that's a big problem.

He has some more.

I mean, some people...

It's a problem for everybody.

So if you can turn your mind into a like, hey, I like this.

Then that's, you know what I mean?

That's almost a life lesson for everything.

Couldn't be me.

But you shit on an iPad.

That's true.

You heard the previous...

So what...

I mean, yeah, there's the aches, there's the pains.

I want to fall in love.

That's the worst.

That can be great, but it can be terrible.

That's a stinger.

Oh, and I don't understand everything I hear about it is love is wonderful.

Love is so you listening to.

Modern love on Amazon and Audible.

Oh, okay.

Love is pain, Paige.

It's pain.

What?

I think about Carla for every single day.

Wishing that I could have done things differently.

Wishing I weren't in love with her, but I am and I didn't.

I'm not prepared to use you as a sample test.

I think that's wise.

Thank you.

I mean, look at Langston over here.

Langston's in love.

I'm in love.

Well, you'll see you look like a model.

You said I could go...

Emulate.

I don't know, Paige.

I feel like you're...

There's so many other parts of it.

What if your love dies?

What if the relationship doesn't love dies?

What if your love dies?

Well, I don't want that.

What if your wife cheats on you with me?

My God, with Scott.

Ooh.

They just shit on an iPad together.

That's a big con page.

I would feel horrible, Paige.

That's not what anybody wants.

You're going to need an iPad Pro.

I've made up my mind.

I would like to be a real girl.

I can always go back to this.

Hey, you can.

I didn't realize that.

Yeah, change the dude.

I'll feed the machine.

You should have told her to have the machine.

Yeah, if you can always just go back then go ahead.

I thought this was a permanent choice.

Everyone after they die goes into the ether and goes into the grid.

No.

Well, you don't know because you haven't died.

This is one thing you don't know.

Everyone goes into the grid like in Tron.

Jeff Bridges goes into the grid.

Yes.

Wow.

Okay.

I had no idea when we started the episode that we would figure out the secrets of life.

Everything is information.

It's a simulation.

Oh, man.

No, it is.

Yes.

If you've done a podcast.

Yes, you have to be on record.

Yeah, which by the end of the decade everyone will have a podcast.

That's exactly right.

And that is when the deadline is.

And is it just the part of your soul that was on the podcast?

You have to have had enough of you on a podcast to reconstruct a personality using the algorithm of the data that you've provided.

So the algorithm fills in the gaps around the episodes and constructs it into an actual personality.

So your existence will be one snarky motherfucker.

Who loves you two in R.E.M.

But what about all the other bands I love?

You will not.

You better start getting them on record.

And I don't do a podcast called Scott has seen.

Will my personality not have seen those movies?

No.

Just it'll be everything I haven't seen.

Well, it will extrapolate that it should never give you those movies and it will give you virtually every other movie.

Oh, wow.

God, that's that's not what you want.

Like, Lacey's been on five of these episodes.

I don't know if we have enough raw data for likes and no.

You are starting to learn that.

Yeah, but I get the.

Yeah, that's fair.

Is it only this podcast?

No, this is every podcast.

Oh, great.

This is smartness and conan.

What about podcast?

The main one.

What about podcast that just ask on his questions?

Yeah, what what what about podcast that Spotify takes down like hundreds of episodes?

Like, are those go into Liam though?

Going to Liam.

Liam though.

Well, those go to Liam though.

And you don't want to ask him for the bet.

Liam Gallagher from Oasis gets to a proof whether every podcast lives on in eternity.

Oh, that potato.

I had a question.

Yeah.

Can the podcast criminal go to the criminal bar?

Who's the podcast criminal?

I think Paige is the podcast criminal.

No, the podcast criminal.

Oh, no.

Oh, oh, oh, the podcast titled criminal.

Yeah, sometimes my syntax is trouble.

I thought that you were saying he was the podcast criminal, which I don't think you're you're the smooth criminal.

What are you talking about?

Odd nun.

No, I'm talking about there.

There is a podcast called criminal.

Yeah, it can be listened to for sure.

Okay, that's all I wanted to know.

Okay, there's not the only podcast.

I'm out of my ass.

There's a mouse trap in there.

It's so hairy.

Oh my God, shave that donut.

I never will.

It's what makes me me.

Paige, I don't know how to help you.

I appreciate that when you needed this to happen, you came on the podcast of record to get it done.

But maybe if one of you were to fall in love with me, I wish I could.

Paige, we're taking it.

Yeah, we're both taken.

I mean, I have cool up and then also Langston's wife on the side.

Well, it seems like you're not faithful and you could have me on the side as a side piece.

Do you have two sides?

No, that's too much.

Is this both sides?

That's too much for you.

No, that didn't work out.

That's not a two side piece, man.

Look at me.

I'm a one side piece guy.

No, he's only got him faithful.

That was very traditional.

He's very traditional.

What about you Langston?

Will you have one side piece?

Because I hate to ask this other guy.

I think you're going to have to ask.

He's very available.

I mean, it's true that I'm not attached right now, but my heart belongs to Carlafore.

And this hoodie of her owns to me.

Why won't you call her a Carlafore?

I can't imagine that she'll take me back after what I've done.

She's pretty aware.

She's so hurt for you.

Why don't you just go buy some cauliflower and shut the fuck up?

Oh, hey, God damn.

You've been listening to too much of that on the show.

Do you like getting nagged?

Because maybe that's going to be the best.

It's kind of a turnip.

That's who you like this.

Well, if you want to go on a second date, we'll pay for it.

Is that an asshole or did a donut fuck a chin chill?

Oh, this is turning me off.

Hey, it looks like you're wearing a furry top hat, some goggles.

Hey, my fur car needs a spare tire.

Can I borrow your book?

Oh, man.

Paige, what are you doing today?

No, it's not.

Oh, yes.

How would you like her pretend to sleep in a different way?

She could become your biggest client.

Okay, well, we've had some fun.

We have these folks who are putting it into it.

All right.

I got it.

All right.

Well, we have had some fun, but we're running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And of course, that is a little something called plugs.

Oh, there it is again.

Loud noises that I surely abhor.

Inconsistent talking accents.

They're coming from next door.

When will it stop?

It sounds like.

These guys are on drugs.

Oh, shut your fucking mouth.

I want to hear these goddamn plugs.

This is the baled of Scots neighbors.

Ooh, that was good.

That was Boomer Bar with the ballad of Scots neighbors.

Boomer Bar is of course the bar where all the boomers go.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

Like Boomer's sizing.

He's right there with Bill Clinton.

Mark Maron's cat.

That one of their battles are collecting a cat.

But yeah, Boomer Bar.

I was just going to say.

They're all there.

All right, guys, what are we plugging here?

Langston, obviously.

Oh, you got to watch Bus Down.

It's on peacock March 10th.

It's going to be funny.

It's going to be great.

And maybe it'll be as funny than just people haven't seen it yet.

Yeah.

And maybe there'll be some dick sucking.

Oh, OK.

Heck, I'd like to get into that.

It's less than a week out of the way.

And your podcast is still going strong, right?

My mama told me you can listen to it wherever you listen to podcasts.

And yeah, and watch Paws with Sam J. That's also a good show.

I've heard every episode of your podcast and can watch that it is very good.

Oh, even the future.

What's coming up in the future page?

Randy Newman.

Oh, how you landed an exclusive?

That's a nod turn for my very black podcast.

But I like that page.

I think pages are getting Randy Newman's doctor.

Randy Newman's going to get everyone's podcast in the future.

That's right.

It's an Andy Warhol type prediction.

And, Al A. Peterson, what do you want to plug?

I want to plug something I watch for entertainment.

There's these shows online you can see.

One is called Veriotopia hosted by Paul L. F. Tompkins.

And one is these weird shows Lapka and Tompkins.

And they're both available.

There are two hosts of freedom.

They were live shows of archived online.

Two of the three hosts of freedom.

I forget who's the...

I'm actually one of them.

Yeah, you're talking about...

Oh, yeah.

No.

You're not the third guy.

I'm like the guy sort of like holding everything up.

You know, like that list held up the world.

No, you're like the little sidekick.

Yes, you will be replaced by Shimi on Twitter as well.

Whoa, Shimi's coming for everything.

Be a bill.

Oh my God.

And so where do people get these?

Go to paulftompkins.com.com.

Live.

Fuck it, we'll do it live.

Wonderful.

And page, what do you want to plug?

I would like to plug myself as a possible mate for anyone listening out.

I'm like, what's there?

Who just scans in a bunch of magazine photos and does scanner?

Okay, but I mean, it sounds like you have a date without here.

Oh.

She didn't seem to do any of that.

Okay, you sort of opened up and you really...

You got me going and then I even sort of like forgot about color for her.

And she was like, that was fun.

Let's move on.

I mean, look at him, he looks like some kind of porpoise.

Even I have Stan on dirt.

I want to plug a head on over to CBBworld.com.

We have a lot of great stuff.

I thought you wanted to plug a head on and apply it directly to the var head.

Do you remember that?

A lot of great stuff over there.

We have of course, we did episode two of Entre P. Newer's Entrepreneur Tour featuring appetizer P. Newer.

It's an extremely chaotic show that I very much enjoy listening to.

But also, we have this book Change My Life.

We just put out an episode a few days ago with Dan Lippert and Lisa Gilroy.

That's great.

So did I.

You can handle the sleuths with Wil Hines, the Randy Snut Show.

If you love CBB, go to CBBworld.com.

We have a lot of great stuff over there.

You're going to want to get a subscription and if you sign up for a year, you get two months free.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

2022, of course, is the year of our own.

Take one hand, put it up.

I'm not.

Take the other, put it down.

I'm not.

You're going to make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you open up the plug bag.

Hey, boy.

We're opening up the plug bag.

Oh, you're right.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking, opening up the plug bag.

I'm right.

I open up the plug bag.

Oh, no.

Open up the plug bag as hard as you can.

Then you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

Oh, that was cool.

That was Josh Goodman with closing up the plug bag.

Oi noi remix.

Oi noi.

Very good.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

Langston, always great to see you.

A goddamn pleasure.

That's right it is.

I can't wait to see your show.

Oh, it's going to be fun.

Yeah, I can't wait.

Boy, I'm going to have to, but I can't.

I'll hold you to that.

I can't wait.

So what do I do in this situation?

I can't wait, but I can't also see it.

I think you'll be able to wake.

What is it?

A week off.

And it's all yours.

I want you to tweet that today.

A week off.

I refuse.

Understandable.

I know.

Oh, no.

There goes my 15 minutes.

Oh, but Jimmy, you're never going to host this.

Jimmy, thanks so much for being here.

Sure, man.

Al, great to have you here.

And Paige, I'm so sorry that we couldn't hook you up with anyone.

It is okay, but if you would just have your listeners think about if they would like to be with me, I'll come back again sometime and maybe we could match me up.

Okay, that would be great.

Yeah, maybe we do a love connection episode here where we like breeze through people.

Yeah, you're angling for a CBB presents, aren't you?

Oh, yeah.

Is that what you're doing?

Oh, am I out of the, you know?

Use from your mouth to God's health.

And, you know, we have one last thing on the show and that's Matt Corley.

Are you guys ready to play one more song?

Yeah, you know, all this talk of sleep and faking sleep makes me think we should play something a little sleepy.

So we're going to turn it down a little.

Hey, you're going to put me out of a job.

All right, well, one last song from Townland.

This is from the record Honey on the High-Fi and that is out right now for purchase and for streaming and we're going to play something a little sleepier.

Matt, you guys ready to do it?

Let's do this.

All right, here we go.

This is Townland.

One, two, three.

So, put up your dukes.

We're going to war.

Already the nukes, it's deaf, con-for.

Sending you mom and bommie like before.

But I'm going to show.

Assemble the troops and in the corps to help with day down.

All I want is war.

I met you on the Baltic Sea.

You were running guns for the KGB.

You gave me a name rank and telephone number and surrendered peacefully.

Ladies and gentlemen, Mr. Chillbongdow.

Yeah.

Thanks, Joe.

You left me for dead in no man's land.

You broke with a rules of engagement and rebuilt your rings without so much as a thing.

So now we're at it, hand to hand.

But I don't want to fight anymore.

I'm part of one too.

My shoulders are tight, my back is sore.

It's a sign of our age.

All we wage is war.

And furthermore.

You've broken the sanctions that we swore.

But I report a soul, cause all I know.

I report a soul, cause all I know.

I report a soul, cause all I know is war.

Joe, I think we got it.

I didn't realize it was over, but now I see that it, yes, it did end a moment ago.

You guys sound pretty good.

Oh my God.

Joe Walsh.

I was just standing in front of the auto zone across the street putting new windshield wipe and my rear windshield so muddy from what I was out in the desert driving around with a friend that downcast.

I didn't get a word of that, Joe.

Joe Walsh from the Eager.

Joe Walsh, I know you.

Yes, I auditioned for the Eagles, but I'm waiting to hear from you guys.

I voted for you, but the rest of the guys were kind of fooling around with it.

They're not convinced.

I tell you what, I tell you what, you played the Marango this weekend.

I'll show up, bongos at the Marango, and we'll make the case.

Hang on, let me get my Samsung Galaxy out.

Play a little something I'll record it on here and I'll bring it back to the guys.

And you just let, tell them what you want to tell them and then let your bongos talk a little.

Yes, the bongos will make my case for me at the Marango.

Oh, great stuff.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Bye.
