♪♪♪ Booty is in the eye of the behold, Duhr!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Beaky Be Tricky for that cash-free submission.

Beaky Be Tricky and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Backyard era still continuing.

We're out here outdoors.

If you hear any sirens, any helicopters, any planes going by, that is merely because we are outside.

And who knows when we'll go back indoors?

I think the shows have been pretty good, so maybe we'll never go back indoors.

Maybe I'll never go back indoors.

Maybe I'll just live outside.

Become a feral wild animal.

My name is Scott Ockermann.

We have a great show coming up.

Look, this is not the year of the entrepreneur anymore.

This is not the year of the small business owner.

This is the year of Guess Who Say Oh No.

But we do have two small business owners coming up and an anthropologist on the show.

So that sounds like a very informational educational show.

I sounded like I was doing the Muppet Show theme there for a second informational educational.

This is what we call Comedy Bang Bang.

Why don't we just get to it?

None of these guests have been on the show before.

So it'll be a pleasure talking to them, figuring out exactly what they've come on the show to talk to us about.

He is the owner of a small business entitled Fix A Form.

Fix A Form, how interesting.

Okay.

Please welcome to the show Winston Carmel.

Hi.

Thanks for having me.

So great to meet you.

Great to meet you too.

I can't believe this is the first time we're meeting.

Oh, where were we met before?

Oh, you're a fan and you would have thought you would have met me?

I don't know why I said that.

I'm a fan and I hope to meet you.

I'm happy to be here.

How would you have met me other than just being on the show?

You're right.

There's really no reasonable situation where I would have met you.

I mean, do we even live in the same area or city or?

I don't think so.

Where are you from?

I'm from New York City, Ohio.

Oh, okay.

I've never been to Ohio.

So this is your first time in California?

It is.

Welcome to Small Town in Ohio.

Sounds like a, I mean, it could go either way because when I hear New York, I think, okay, that could be the biggest city in Ohio, but then I think, well, it can't be competing with the regular New York.

Do you know the other?

There's one in New York state.

Of course I do.

Yeah.

We like, you can't be from New York City, Ohio and not know about the New York City.

Right.

What are the similarities or differences between the two New York's?

You know how when you used to watch comedy in the 80s, it would be like, New Yorkers are like this, but Californians are like this, man.

Like, do you guys do that kind of thing in Ohio there with New York?

Like, New Yorkers are like this, but we're like this or I'm grasping at straws right now.

Well, we're swing states.

So we have a lot of, you know, we have a lot of different personalities and stuff.

We don't have a lot of big buildings.

What's the biggest building?

If you had to guess, I'm not saying that you should know this, but if you had to guess, what do you think the biggest building would be?

Well, let me tell me if this counts.

There's a water tower that has a small shack on top of it that a man lives in.

So on top of the water tower itself, there is a small shack out of the squatter in it and they don't seem to be able to get him out of there.

But I don't know that that would count as a big tall building.

Well, it is a building on top of an erected structure.

Right.

It's two structures and that if you're looking at structures, that's the tallest structure.

Right.

And why is he living up there?

How did he even get all of the building materials to build that shack on there?

I'm out of my depth here.

I assume he used some sort of block and tackle or winch or something to get the lumber up there.

And he put it together.

It's not an extensive shack.

It's basically a lean two.

It may be hammered together.

But...

And he's doing that in order to evade capture because it seems to me like it would have been easier to just build it right there upon the ground underneath the water tower.

Well, I, again, I don't know the man's intentions fully, but I assume he wants to be reclusive.

And we do have some pretty strict homeless people laws in New York City there.

But...

Strict in what way?

And what...

Like...

How strict?

I mean, like not punishing, I would hope, not...

Well, we don't have a lot of homeless people in the population there.

So when people see them, people don't like to see homeless people.

So they tend to be in the middle of the night, you know, dragged off.

And I'm not sure where they go.

Drag off by whom?

Not by you, I hope.

No, no, I'm a small business owner.

No, dragged off.

It doesn't seem like this is a paid position to drag the law.

I think the police...

Oh, okay, sure.

The police and some deputized citizens dragged the law.

Deputized citizens.

So how does that process work?

You see it in old Westerns where like the sheriff comes by and goes like, hey, we're putting out a posse, we're going to chase these people and like throw as bad as it people?

Is that similar or...

I, again, I really don't know much about it, but I think it's a system...

It seems like you know more than...

I'm not sure that you're talking about it, but I think if you know, I think, you know, if you're interested in helping out, it's a volunteer position, you can go on down to the NYPD station.

Is there a certain time that people can go or is it just like if you happen to go by there?

And I think if there's...

I don't know if there's a certain time you can go.

I think you go and you fill out a form or something and then you are given the authority to...

You leave an email address or something or your phone number and then I really don't know, Scott, I assume you're a show of drivers license.

Are you guessing at this point or do you have some information that you're sort of parsling out?

I really don't have any information.

It's an educated guess based on what I assume.

So it's an educated guess.

Usually educated guesses are based upon small bits of information that you can then parcel together.

They're not based on things that the guesser is assuming.

No, yeah, I'm aware of the benchmark for educated guesses, but I'm assuming that you have to leave your ID if you're going to be deputized to haul off.

Give them a copy of your ID to Xerox and then they know who you are and they can run a check on you.

I'm assuming and then you're deputized to haul homeless off of the street in the middle of the night.

Wonderful.

Winston Carmel is here.

Welcome to the show.

Thank you.

I'm surprised I haven't been here before.

Okay.

Why would you have been on here?

I wouldn't.

I can't get into all this again.

Okay.

Welcome to the show.

Welcome to Los Angeles.

Welcome to my backyard.

Beautiful.

Thank you.

Los Angeles are my backyard.

Both.

Oh, okay.

Great.

What parts of LA have you been to at this point?

I've been here.

I've been to Ripley's.

Ripley's, by the way, is not a town for those of you from outside of Los Angeles.

It is a Ripley's, believe it or not, is a tourist museum.

Is that right?

That's right.

And there's a large fiberglass T-Rex on top, which I love.

Tyrannosaurus Rex.

Yeah.

That's one of the bigger dinosaurs, would you say?

Well, I would think the Argentinosaurus was the largest.

Argent, I don't know that I know that one.

A lot of people don't.

It was a sort of a brachyosaurus-type- Relative or?

Yeah, it's the long neck one, but it was the biggest found in Argentina.

Does this have anything to do with Fix-A-4?

It doesn't.

Okay, better effect.

But you were just going there on your off hours for leisure and fun.

Yeah, I love believing things are not.

When I'm in a believe it or not, I choose to believe most of it, I think.

Most of it.

Is there a test of the end where they're like, okay, there were 45 things that you shouldn't have believed that we just were lying about.

Can you guess which ones they are, or are you supposed to believe every single one?

I think you're supposed to believe every single one, and I tend to because I think the or not is just to emphasize how unbelievable it is what they're showing you.

Right.

That museum is based on a comic strip, isn't it?

An old Sunday comic strip?

Didn't that used to be in the newspapers?

Did they talk about that at all?

I mean, I would believe it if they said that it was.

Was Ripley's Believe It or Not an old comic strip?

I mean, I remember reading it in the newspaper like you'd see like, you know, peanuts and beetle ba- you like beetle bailey, by the way?

I love beetle bailey.

Yeah.

He's always a, Sarge is always his menace.

Sarge is upset with him because he's asleep on the job.

Yeah.

So you would read those, and then it was almost like taking your medicine would be to read the Ripley's Believe It or Not strip because you're like, here's a bunch of facts.

I remember Dog Gone Funny and Kitty Corner, and those were little facts about, you know, anecdotes about cats and dogs.

So it's more than facts or, yeah, I guess, unique things that have happened to pets around the world.

Right.

Or something that somebody wrote in about a pet of theirs or.

And were you supposed to believe those or could they be lying?

I think those were credible.

Were they cross-checked at all or for accuracy?

Because I mean.

I think it was just a write in and I think it was just presented as.

I wonder how many people were lying.

I sometimes wonder that about this show.

Like you, for instance, could not be Winston Carmel.

You could be just some weird Rando who wanted to meet me.

You showed up to the show today.

So I, you know, sorry to disappoint you, Scott.

I am in fact Winston Carmel.

I'm actually very happy to hear that because if you were a weird Rando who came here just trying to meet me, I would be very feared for my life at this, at this point.

So I'm glad that you're Winston Carmel or at least claim to be.

I'm Winston.

I mean, to the extent that you can believe anything, right?

That's a good point.

I mean, like epistemological, you know, what, where do we.

Yeah, is life a simulation?

Or a, you know, you know, where our brains are designed to only experience the reality that benefits our survival.

Right.

You know, we sort of filter out, you know, there's colors we can't see, sounds we can't hear.

Which sounds can we not hear?

Well, high pitched sounds for what?

And that's because we can survive without hearing them.

Is that the theory there or?

Well, if we couldn't, we wouldn't have survived, right?

I guess so.

I mean, the fact that we're all here means that we don't need to hear those sounds, I guess.

That's right.

So yeah, I mean, that's an interesting point.

Is that what, what does it build a bear?

No, fix a form.

Fix a form.

Has nothing to do with that as a matter of fact.

Nothing to do with build a bear.

Okay.

No.

Fix a form.

I think that at this point, we should segue into talking about fix a form.

Wow.

Okay.

Well, you want to hear about fix a form?

I don't make me beg you, Winston Carmel.

It's, I think I'm hoping it's, it's revolutionary.

I want to ask you a question.

Okay.

What is the most pleasurable part about using the internet?

Okay.

Most pleasurable parts.

Do you mean the, you mean generically, right?

You're not talking about specific websites or.

Just in general.

In general?

The time that you spend on the internet, what's, what's the thing that you do on the internet that gives you the most joy?

I guess maybe going on the websites and reading all of the adoring comments from my fans.

That's pretty good.

A lot of people don't need, you know, experience that, but I get to.

So it's just wonderful.

Sure.

It's just wonderful.

And all of the wonderful things people have to say about the show.

It's just marvelous.

I put out a show on Monday.

I make a pot of coffee.

I, and I just scroll through and it's just fantastic to read all the nice things that people say.

I'm sure it is.

Can I tell you the most pleasurable thing for me that I think will change?

If, if you just wanted to say what you find pleasurable, why, why ask me first?

Why the whole sure?

I think it engages you.

I think it brings you into the conversation.

It makes it personal.

I think it brings people in.

They start thinking, what's the most pleasurable thing?

And I think I, I might be wrong, but I think yes, you have a unique situation where you have a lot of.

No matter what I said, though, it seemed like you were going to say, Oh, mine trumps yours.

You're right.

I was not listening.

I was waiting to talk and.

Okay.

And so let's just ditch the charade.

Who cares what my experience is?

Go ahead and tell me what the most pleasurable thing.

Well, you're in a unique position.

A lot of people admire you.

I think for most people, they would say, as I do, the most pleasurable part about using the internet is when you're entering your phone number into an online form and the form auto generates the parentheses around the area code and the hyphen between the third and fourth numbers of the phone number.

It's clean.

It's functional.

It looks great.

Conversely, what's the worst part about using the internet?

What bother could you going to get mad at me if I say something different?

Yeah.

The worst part is when it doesn't do that and your number just sits there in an unruly clump.

Yeah, it's just seven or 10, 10 numbers right now.

Ten numbers just sitting there.

It is always a organize.

You're right.

It is pleasurable because it's always a surprise like, whew, I don't have to figure out where the parentheses key is on my computer and put them in manually.

Sometimes you put it in manually and the form doesn't accept it.

It wants the clump.

It wants you.

And this blows my mind.

Okay?

And you have the anxiety of never knowing if the form that you're entering your phone number into is going to auto organize the number or not.

Yeah, it's, I mean, I'll admit it's a tough situation for about two seconds.

Two seconds.

How many times throughout your life?

Trying to think of how many times I enter my phone number into the internet.

It's not that many.

But you know, maybe once a once every couple of weeks, maybe that's enough for me.

Yeah, I guess if you, okay, let's see, two seconds every two weeks, let's say that's about a minute a year.

The average life expectancy is what 77 somewhere around there.

So we're talking, you know, 144 minutes.

That's two, it's over two hours.

It's not a, not the length of the Batman.

Certainly, but it's getting up there.

You'd rather watch the Batman than spend that amount of time of your life.

Why?

Two thirds of the Batman or two, or maybe three, three new Batman.

The Batman.

Yes.

That's the new one.

Three quarters of the Batman.

Is that out?

Yeah.

It's out.

With Robert Pattinson?

Yeah, three hours.

Were you planning on seeing it?

Oh, I got to go see it.

I didn't realize it had come out.

That is a failure of the marketing, I would think.

Because it's, you know, a big budget film like that, I would think they'd be trying to get it every single person in the world to try to tell them it's out.

But it's out.

Yeah, it just came out on Friday.

I'll check it out.

Okay.

But, so you can spend your time watching the Batman.

You a comic book fan?

No.

Then why are you interested in the Batman?

You a fan of the previous films?

Not really.

I'm just a sucker for whoever the new person is that they're getting to play the Batman.

Yeah.

So who we got Adam West?

Then you got Michael Keaton, a beatle juice fame.

Absolutely.

Then you have Val Kilmer.

And then you have George Clooney, the Clune Dog.

You do.

Played a lot of pranks on his co-stars.

Apparently he did.

Then you have...

That's the personal story I hear about Clooney most often.

Yeah.

And you have Christian Bale who played one particular prank on a cinematographer.

Yes, during Terminator Salvation.

Oh, you're a Terminator fan?

I love Terminator.

Why wouldn't a fan of the Terminator like the...

The Batman is essentially the Terminator who's not a robot.

Do you like the robot part of it?

Of the Terminator?

Yeah.

Well the robot's a bad guy.

So then why wouldn't you like the Batman...

Would you like the Batman if you were fighting robots?

I like Batman.

I like the Terminator.

I don't know that it's robot based.

I like him both.

I like Batman.

I like Terminator.

It seems to me like you have far more affinity for the Terminator franchise than you do for the Batman franchise.

Which is surprising because they're about the same movie Sansa Robot.

Why are they so similar?

Batman is a man who is a...

Okay, similar.

A vengeful of a vengeful man taking the law into his own hands in his own time.

Similar.

Versus a man, a vengeful man who's trying to...

Ooh.

John Connor.

John Connor's not vengeful.

He's trying to save humanity from a genocidal...

You wouldn't be vengeful if all of your friends were murdered right in front of you?

He's trying to stop the...

He's not vengeful in Terminator 2.

Batman's trying to stop Mr. Freeze.

Wait a minute.

Are we talking about the Eddie Furlong?

John Connor, the Nick Stahl John Connor or the...

You are a really big fan.

Michael Bane?

Michael Bane was Kyle Reese.

John Connor wasn't born in the first one.

Sarah Connor.

He was conceived.

Will you give me that?

He was conceived by Michael Bane.

Yes.

But he is arguably the hero of the first Terminator movie.

Is he not?

I mean Linda...

What's your name?

Cardellini.

Hamilton.

Are you talking about other franchises you like?

The Hamilton franchise right now?

Did you segue?

Hamilton's not a franchise.

It's a single...

Shell.

It's touring though.

There are several different castes.

I'm sorry.

It seems like I'm frustrating you.

Well, I just...

I like Batman.

I like Terminator.

Neither of them are my favorite things.

What's your favorite thing of all time?

Other than your business.

For fun.

We've established you.

You go out to Ripley's Believe It or Not.

Yes.

Surprise by the way.

The History from the Chinese Theater.

We talked about it in the Hollywood facts theme song many times.

You're right across the street there at Ripley's Believe It or Not.

You didn't see all the Batman posters up on the marquee.

I've got to tell you, I've seen the posters.

I just didn't register the release date.

Yeah.

Maybe because of the pandemic.

Maybe the March 4 should be the title and then Batman underneath.

March 4 is when it comes out.

When it came out.

Yeah.

It would like put March 4 right up.

Today's March 2nd.

No, today is March 7th.

Oh, okay.

You don't even know the date.

Sorry.

But I'm saying that would fix the problem.

Like put March 4 really big and then the Batman.

Like underneath where March 4 usually goes.

I'm sure their release date is sufficiently sized in the layout.

I just didn't.

You didn't track it.

I didn't track it.

Yeah.

Well, you have other things on your mind.

You're here to talk about your business.

You're here in Los Angeles for the first time.

I think if I were traveling to another city, a big city for the first time, I don't think I would put movie watching as something I would do.

You know, you can watch.

There you go.

Okay.

Yeah, I do go.

In any case.

So fix a form.

What are you proposing to do with this?

Well, we tried everything over at Fix A Form to fix this issue.

Who's this we?

This is you and who else?

Me and my business partner.

Who's your business partner?

His name is Ralph Johnson.

Oh, okay.

Ralph Johnson.

So first name, uh, uh, pseudonym for throwing up and last name, pseudonym for a penis.

Okay.

Does it, does that come up ever or?

It does as a matter of fact.

It's actually a nickname.

We were in college together and one night we were at a party and he got very drunk and he had too much to drink and he was pulling his penis out as college boys did back then to be shocking.

Sure.

Nowadays, you can't, you know, they.

You'd be canceled for something like that.

Yeah.

So he was pulling his penis out in front of everybody at the party and then he vomited right on his penis.

Oh, okay.

And the stomach acid in his vomit actually ate away.

Oh, a lot of his penis.

So he's actually disfigured now.

Oh, he has an acid burn.

He has like a two face penis.

Two faces from the Batman franchise.

I'm aware.

Tommy Lee Jones and Aaron Eckhart.

Yes.

Yeah.

You seem like you are a fan of the Batman.

I really never said I was a fan.

I just think it wasn't my favorite thing.

You seem to be a fan of the casting process.

I love the casting.

I love seeing who's going to play who.

Right.

Yeah.

Do you stick around for the credits at the end of the movie and go like, Oh, that person was that person.

That person was that person.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Go on IMDB.com a lot.

Just going like, Oh, what else is this?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Great.

Swimming with sharks.

Why do you say that?

Aaron Eckhart, but was one of his first.

Wasn't he really in the company of men is the one that.

In the company of men.

That's what I was saying.

Swimming with sharks is by the disgraced Kevin Spacey.

I see.

All right.

I got those mixed up in the company of men.

Aaron Eckhart.

I would hate for Aaron Eckhart to be mistaken for Kevin Spacey.

No, never.

Oh, I would like it if Aaron Eckhart were to do Thanksgiving videos or Christmas Eve videos.

When does Kevin Spacey put those out?

Does Kevin Spacey put out?

He puts out videos where he has that same accent that he does in House of Games, House of Cards.

House of Men.

Game of Cards.

Game of in the company of Cards.

House of Cards.

House of, House of Thrones?

House.

Is it House of Cards?

It sounds like a fake title when you say it.

House of Cards.

When I say it.

When I say it too.

House of Cards.

Yes.

House of Cards?

Could that possibly be the title?

Why was that named that?

It seems like it would be like the weird president.

Yeah, or like Senator.

Senator.

Senator Evil a lot.

House of Cards.

It's- Was it a House of Cards?

I mean like any drama is essentially a House of Cards.

Yeah, right?

Yeah.

For the truth to be revealed and everything to tumble.

Yeah.

House of Cards.

That's a- It's a generic title for that.

Yeah.

Strange.

Weird.

And this many years on we don't even recognize it as a real thing.

We hear it.

House of Cards?

House of Cards.

It doesn't even sound right coming off the tongue.

In any case.

So, so what, by the way, what is Ralph Johnson's real name?

Ralph Johnson's real name is- Oh, it's been so long since you've even said it.

I know.

You can barely remember.

Oh, it's a barf cockroach.

Okay, so fix a form.

Fix a form.

So what, you and barf were working on it and what exactly- So we tried algorithms.

We tried code apps.

What's an app that can work with all- You were looking for apps that already existed.

No, apps that we could develop to work with all different browsers and forms and websites.

And you just can't get it all to work.

So the idea we finally hit upon and it works like magic.

All right.

Necromancy.

It's a very large man who stands quietly hovering beside your workspace ever at the ready to punch in the proper symbols while you're entering your phone number.

So you're entering it on your keyboard and he's there.

He's there.

He's, he's, he recognizes when you're entering your phone number.

Right.

So in the open parentheses, you'll enter the area code.

He'll put in the end parentheses.

You'll enter the first three digits of your phone number.

He'll hit the hyphen.

The hyphen.

And you will finish the phone number like magic.

Seamless.

I know what you're going to say.

What?

Okay.

I'm entering forms.

I'm entering information into my forms.

A lot of its personal information.

A lot of its secure information.

Why do I want this large man looking at my personal information?

Well, he can't understand your information because he's had a small but crucial part of his cerebral cortex removed.

All he knows to do is enter the parentheses and the hyphens.

What?

First of all, I'm amazed that you've developed the science of knowing which part of the brain to remove that still allows him to recognize the hyphen and the dash and the parentheses by hyphen, AKA the dash.

That's amazing to me.

That seems to be like you guys are onto something there?

Well, the part of the brain that's removed simply takes away his ability to recognize and process most information.

Okay.

Then it's an extensive process of training to get him to recognize when a phone is.

The phone number needs to be entered and the proper keys that needs to be pressed.

How does this very large man know that a phone number needs to be entered?

Are there physical clues?

What is the trigger for him in order to say, oh, I need to enter this?

He's trained to recognize a variety of different forms.

Forms meaning forms on the internet, not physical posture.

Correct.

I see.

But can he recognize physical posture?

Oh, he's hunching over a certain way he seems to be about to enter a phone number.

I wouldn't say that he can recognize a physical posture, but if you shout phone number at him, that's the fail safe.

That's a fail safe.

That's definitely let him know that a phone number is being entered.

Okay.

Why is the man so large?

I see you wondering.

Yeah.

When you remove that small but particular part of the brain, it affects the pituitary gland in a way where the man will continue to grow.

Oh, even if he's at his upwards top of where he has grown before, I don't know, quite how to say this.

Full grown?

Sure.

Yes.

It does something to the pituitary gland that we don't really understand.

It releases growth hormones continually.

So at a certain point, the man will become too large.

Like a pain situation.

Thomas Hardy.

Yes.

And that wrestler who passed away, unfortunately, before the Batman and Robin was released.

I, oh, is that so?

It is so much the pain from the.

From Batman and Robin.

Yes.

The poison ivy.

Yeah.

Uh huh.

I realize he was a wrestler.

I believe he was a wrestler and unfortunately he did not live to see the release of that film.

Yes.

He would have been perfect for fix a form.

To start out before the pituitary part or meaning.

I guess.

I don't know.

That would be really.

He was a big guy.

He was a big, but I don't think that you're saying that these men need to be big guys to start off with.

They don't need to be big guys to start off with.

They will become big guys quickly.

And at a certain point, they will become too large for most people's living situations.

Oh.

At which point you will move it.

You will attach a bucket that we include around their leg.

And there's a, we've included a flesh pull tab on the inside of their thigh.

When you pull that, it will tear open their femoral artery.

You allow them to bleed into the bucket.

And then you can move them outside.

You can put them in the garden.

They make for a great fertilizer or just leave them on the street.

And they can be removed by garbage man or, or any deputized individuals who may live in your city.

Sure.

Okay.

Well, this is, I mean, it's a unique business.

Certainly.

Thank you.

A couple of questions.

How do you get the subscription based?

Oh, that isn't exactly where I was going, but it's a subscription based.

Yes.

It's not a one time fee.

Well, we'll send you new, we'll send you once your man becomes too large and you've disposed of him, we'll send you a new large man.

So could you pay once and just get the one large man?

You could.

Hmm.

Do you, if the, what is it, a monthly fee or?

You can pay monthly or yearly.

You can pay by the man, but it's, it's.

Oh, we're expensive.

Okay.

Yeah.

So I guess my, the real question on my mind is how do you get the men?

Who would volunteer for something like this?

You'd be surprised.

A lot of people.

I would.

With, go ahead and surprise me.

A lot of people with, they think of themselves as having nothing to live for and they, you know, maybe they want the money to go to their families.

Maybe they've been captured or maybe they've been.

Captured.

Hauled off the streets via a vigilante force.

Okay.

Hold on, hold on, hold on.

Because it seems to me like in New York City, Ohio, you say there are large vigilant vigilante forces, basically harvesting homeless people for your business?

I don't think I said that.

I said that I didn't know much about it.

That's my, that's my, that's my educated guess based on everything that you've said.

I said the people of New York City, Ohio don't care to see homeless in their streets and there is an efficient group as far as I can tell of police and volunteer individuals who help out with that problem.

Okay.

And how many men have you done this to?

Well, we're, we're, we're starting out.

We're, we're not yet profitable, but we have a, a several dozen subscribers.

So I would say upwards of 300 men and women, uh, 300 men and women.

These are all essentially unhoused individuals.

Oh no.

As I said, some of them feel like nothing to live for, uh, death on death row.

We haven't gotten any death rows yet, but you're hoping to, I would be willing to people in the end stages of, of, uh, cancer treatments and.

Now they need to be able to stand for long periods of time.

Hmm.

Okay.

So people just, people in, in, in positions where they, they may not want to see even next week, they, they're, they're given a lot of money that will go to their loved ones.

In some cases, a lot of times they don't necessarily understand the process.

Uh, uh, they're not, they're not, you know, how do you get consent from them?

A lot of people don't understand, well, you know, they give consent based on, you know, if it's not like explained to them properly, what you're like after, because they're not being killed, they know they, people think, Oh, it's a small part of the brain.

It's not a big deal.

So a lot of people I think don't understand what that means.

That's how it's sold to them of like, Hey, we're just going to take a small part of your brain.

Yeah.

And it is a small, that's not, that's not, that's not a lie.

It is a small part of the brain, but crucial.

Well, I winston Carmel.

This is something that I guess I did not expect.

Uh, I expected this to be more of a mechanical, uh, fix or, or like you say, an algorithm.

I don't exactly know what an algorithm is, but I would.

Well, once you remove this small part of the brain, it does become mechanical.

I mean, I mean, a human being can, can, can be made mechanical, uh, uh, very easily.

Right.

So why you're interested in the Terminator franchise more than the Batman franchise.

Yeah.

I mean, this sounds like, I feel like the themes are off.

The Terminator is about a, a, an unfeeling robot gaining feelings.

This is the opposite.

The Terminator is more about a corporation Skynet taking advantage of the world, creating these automatons that are Skynet's the AI.

Cyberdyne systems is the corporation.

See this is what I'm talking about.

You know way more about it than I do because you're relating to, uh, who did Joe Morton play in Terminator two miles Dyson?

Yeah.

You're, you're relating to, to, to his bosses.

Or was he the boss?

Who was a developer?

I don't know.

You never really see the boss of cyberdyne systems.

But I'm sure in the alien franchise, you, uh, the corporation that they all work for.

Wayland, you, Tony.

Yes.

Like, are they the hero?

Is it the heroes in your mind in the alien franchise?

Uh, uh, uh, uh, man who was not meant to play God is what I'm trying to say.

I mean, but does man like, uh, rare mind materials from other worlds?

Who's going to mind it?

The Wayland, you, Tony corporation.

How are they going to do it?

Well, they have to send mining ships like the Nostromo out to different planets.

Well, what did they find on that planet?

Well, they found an alien organism that might make for a good soldier.

Well, how are they going to supplement their income?

I guess they're going to harvest that alien and sell it to a military organization or, or, or something.

I'm not totally sorry.

Sell it to a military organization.

That's what you're hoping to do with these people, aren't you?

This goes beyond just entering phone numbers.

Does it not?

There are some military applications.

I mean, the military certainly has to enter, uh, uh, phone numbers every once in a while.

But again, it's not the number.

It's the, it's the parentheses.

This is parentheses in the hyphen.

And this works too, by the way, um, for, uh, social security numbers.

Really?

Um, now I'm interested.

Now I'm interested.

We're working on a version for dates for the forward slash in the middle of the day.

I never know that with the dates, it's like sometimes you have to enter the entire year with the 19, you know, whatever.

And sometimes it's just, sometimes you have to do like the O six instead of just six.

I wish it was, were, were standard.

Exactly.

Sometimes it's the British version where the, the, the.

The month, the, yeah, exactly.

It's crazy.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

So I can see where something like this would be useful.

I just don't know that this is the solution.

Right.

Well, for that, it would involve a second large man, uh, for, for the, for the forward slashes for the, okay.

So, so you're, you're envisioning a system where there are two very large men behind me at all times that I, At your workstation.

My workstation, they don't go to bed with me.

No, they'll stand.

They'll stand.

Do they sleep?

They are always in a, in a sort of semi, Commatose.

Yeah.

Semi lucid.

They don't need a lot of stuff.

They'll, they'll stay.

They'll stay.

They don't wander off.

No.

Okay.

They don't, they don't go rampaging throughout the neighborhood.

Rampaging?

Yes.

And they don't.

They don't.

No.

Okay.

Oh, this is a added bonus.

This doesn't seem to relate to the computer issue, but they, Well, I'm, I'm, I'm, if you were going to ask, well, how do I feed and take care of this?

It had been prepared for questions that I'm not prepared to ask.

Anybody I tell this idea to says I got a feed, a large man, I say, no, it's a good point.

Your garbage actually helps your carbon footprint.

Your organic garbage or your, uh, anything recyclables?

Wow.

It's styrofoam.

Really asbestos?

Uh, I don't know.

I bet they would.

Wow.

Well, I, I gotta say, it doesn't surprise me that the US military has, uh, seems to have enlisted your, your assistance with this.

You seem like, uh, I haven't had a lot.

I mean, you, you came on, you said you were a small business owner.

You seem more like a mad scientist type.

I don't do the science.

That's, uh, that's barf.

That's barf.

Yeah.

Well, what are you marketing?

Uh, I'm the idea guy.

Oh, okay.

This was your idea.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

So you're the idea guy and barf just kind of barfs the brains.

Wow.

Well, uh, I gotta say Winston Carmel, very fascinating here.

Thank you.

Really an interesting idea.

I don't know that how much does it run people, the subscription?

Uh, well, the annual subscription is going to run you.

Oh, $399, $399.

$399 a year?

That's it?

Yeah.

Huh.

Yeah.

We're looking to bring that price point down.

But really?

Uh, huh.

If we scale, you know, if we, if we get large men and women in the thousands.

The women part, you don't need to keep saying, and women like we're going to cancel you.

If you don't, if you don't include women, I don't, I don't think anyone wants to be included in this.

All right.

Look, Winston.

I, uh, it's been a pleasure.

It's been, can you stick around?

Can I stick around?

Yeah, I'd love you to stick around.

Of course.

I mean, it's your first trip to Los Angeles.

I would love for you to see how the rest of the show looks.

Yeah, great.

Yeah.

You're such a big fan.

All right.

When we come back, we have an anthropologist and we also have a different small business owner.

I wonder if it's the same, if you're working in the same, uh, uh, business field.

Maybe.

We'll find out.

Yeah.

Uh, we will be right back with more Winston Carmel, more comedy bang bang right after this.

I don't know.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

Winston Carmel is here and, uh, uh, he, I heard you on the phone during the break.

You were making, uh, plans for it sounded like more like tourism plans or it could be plans to lobotomize more.

More people.

I don't know.

I'm gonna go check out the, uh, I'm going to go on a hike and a high fryman's.

And you need to make plans for that.

Uh, you know, or reservations online or, uh, usually you just go do it.

No, I didn't make, I, you know, I'm here with, um, um, I'm, I'm meeting somebody here, a, uh, a potential potential employee.

Okay.

Um, uh, so I'm going to, it's, it's a sort of a, I don't want to say too much, sort of a down in the dumps person.

Oh, okay.

And I'm going to meet them at universal.

It's like one of these, uh, and we're going to go to the theme park.

It's one of these, oh, Harry Potter people, like, you know, who's down in the dumps because of JK Rowling and her notorious turfness.

No, no, we, we, we, we find that a, there's a lot of overlap between sort of like people who live there, highly depressed people and adults who, uh, spend a lot of time at, uh, universal.

Very interesting.

All right.

Well, good luck with that.

Oh, we need to get to our next guest.

Um, he's an anthropologist.

Uh, please welcome to the show for the first time, Dr.

Kevin Kenway.

Hi, Scott.

Thank you for having me on the show.

Hi, no problem.

Uh, uh, you're welcome or I'm sitting, no, nice to have you.

I was searching for what the proper response was.

That was the third one that came out.

I'm sorry.

I would have accepted any one of them.

Really no problem?

No problem.

Thanks for having me on the show.

No problem.

I'll just start saying that seems suitable to me.

Yeah.

Well, welcome.

Dr. Kenway.

Kenway.

Sorry.

Dr. Kenway.

Yeah.

He is Winston Carmel.

Hi, Dr.

Hi.

Not a doctor himself.

He's the idea guy.

Yes.

I heard the, oh, did I hear?

Yes, I did hear and I think your business idea sounds very interesting.

Oh, thank you.

I should specify my friend, Barf, is also not a doctor.

Oh, who performs these operations?

We do.

So, Dr. Kenway, you're an anthropologist.

Uh, uh, that, that's a good question.

But for those of our listeners who don't exactly know what that means, just break it down.

Well, what is that?

Well, I specifically work for the Institute of Cultural Futurism and what we do is we sort of study trends in the culture and sort of extrapolate where we think they're going to go in the near future and beyond.

So, an anthropologist studies the past in order to predict the future?

The past or present culture, really both apply.

It would be hard to study the present because it's always changing.

Well, and that is...

Every second.

Well, we actually have technology that's allowing us to track it very closely so that we are prepared for these ever, ever present changes that are happening.

I see.

And that's kind of what I'm here to talk to you about today.

I see.

Okay.

Well, let's get to what you're here to talk to us about.

This is the, again, what is it the cult, the...

The Institute for Cultural Futurism.

Cultural Futurism, okay.

You've heard some of the recent discourse over a coming vibe shift that we're expecting to see happen.

Oh.

Did you see this?

It was an article written by Allison P. Davis on Cut.com.

And basically, a vibe shift is a change in the culture and it's one that happens suddenly where a predominant trend is suddenly obsolete and isn't viable.

I see.

What are examples of this in the past of this happening?

In this article, they chart through, you know, there was a period in the early 2000s called where it was focused on indie sleaze was the name for it.

And then we sort of moved from that into the post-internet.

What is it?

Indie sleaze.

I have to confess I haven't heard that.

Indie sleazes, arcade fire and drinking cheap beer.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

In a warehouse and there's twinkling lights and...

Got it.

And there was a shift away from that into what now?

There's a shift.

Oh boy.

There's a shift away from that into post-internet.

Post- And that's when people were back in the clubs and they were sweating out in the clubs.

I'm basically just directly quoting the article.

Oh, okay.

That's someone else's article.

That's not what you're here to talk about.

But that is an example.

Well, I think that article was very important because the vibe shift that they're warning us about, we actually at my institute feel that something much more severe is happening.

We're anticipating a radical and prolonged vibe fluctuation where we're going to see a multitude of different trends all happening at once in rapid succession that will render most of humanity very disoriented and confused.

Okay, so trends will be happening simultaneously and we'll all be walking around in a haze of confusion.

And I wish that there were a unifying theme like indie sleaze or hype beast that I could give as a label with this.

Well, I think it's right in the name what hype beast is and that's why I wish that we could have.

That's why I wish we could have a similar phrase here, but we don't.

We don't.

And basically what I'm here today to do is to tell you about some of the trends that are coming through our cutting edge technology and computer programming.

We know the trends that are going to happen and we want everyone who's 36 or older to understand these trends so that they don't have to Google them or ask a younger person.

So like me asking what hype beast is and you rebuffing me saying it's right there in the title.

Yes.

Well, we don't want that to be happening in the future with people.

Exactly.

Yes, that's right.

Got it.

Okay.

So what are these trends that are coming out?

Well, a lot of this is going to be very dry and I apologize.

It's okay.

Look, to be honest, this is a dry podcast sometimes because we are an educational informational podcast.

Well, one change that we do anticipate coming very soon is an evolution of the American work week where we expect more people to suspend work on either Fridays or Mondays and they will be doing this for a culturally significant reason.

And that is so that we can be spending more time enjoying honky tonk but donka long weekends.

What now?

I get everything up every one you know.

Okay.

Yeah.

Everyone who's close to you, your closest friends, your loved ones.

Yes, your family members.

Even people I don't know.

Even people you don't know.

Okay.

If you have any business to conduct with them on either a Friday or a Monday, you're probably going to run into an issue because they will be celebrating the honky tonk but don't go long a weekend.

See, now that is the part that I was confused about.

Not the everyone I know.

Like you over explained that everyone I know part and then just ran through the honky.

Are you married, Scott?

I am.

Yes.

So your wife is someone who you would consider someone that's close to you that you spend a lot of time with.

Okay, but yes.

Well, her weekend plans are going to be changed.

Okay.

And, okay, see, I understand who we're talking about.

Okay.

The part I'm not getting is those last few words that you said, the honky tonk, what?

Honky tonk but donka long weekends, which is going to be an entire three day weekend devoted to celebrating the crossover country, pop country music of the mid 2000s.

Trace Adkins, Big and Rich, anything where it's a country song, but it's also kind of some elements of hip hop involved and celebration of just having a good time.

So that song that Nelly did with the one country star, I can't remember exactly who that is.

That would be sort of an example.

Just a whole weekend where you're just enjoying and celebrating that sort of music.

That would be what this is.

Everyone would just be, how do you mean celebrating it?

We, other than listening to it and enjoying it, how does one celebrate?

Well, a lot of different ways.

You might be painting, painting based on what the music inspires in you.

You know, the music might inspire a new dance trend or.

But people would be listening to that music while the dance trend is happening.

Is that right or?

Yes, only on those three days.

Okay.

This is random weekends that become national holidays.

Are these national holidays where they're bank holidays?

These are self selected holidays, but it's accepted by the rest of culture that if you let your boss know, I can't come into work on Monday.

Because it's a what is it again?

I'm having a Honky tonk but donka long weekend.

They understand what that means and it's, you know, obviously we'll vary from business to business, but it'll be treated.

There'll be some Ebenezer Scrooge type.

Some Ebenezer Scrooge types.

Some Ebenezer Scrooge types will not be.

I anticipate some people going through a total career change based off of this.

If you think that's what Ebenezer Scrooge did, that's not the.

I mentioned Ebenezer Scrooge because of he was the one who didn't want to celebrate Christmas.

Not because he went through a career change because of.

I always think of this.

You changed the attitude.

At the end, yeah.

Spoiler alert.

I read a version of Scrooge where Bob Cratchit just up and quits.

And then, yes.

That's at the beginning.

What happened after that then?

It really becomes more of Bob Cratchit's story where he tries to become, I guess he was a numbers guy for Scrooge.

Tiny Tim, he doesn't really factor into the story of this.

That's the whole reason Bob Cratchit is working as hard as he works for Ebenezer.

Well not at this point.

It's the heart and soul of Bob Cratchit.

You fan of the Christmas girl franchise?

I love it.

Yeah.

Who's going to play?

Who's going to play Scrooge?

You got Michael Caine.

You got Bill Murray.

You got such a big fan.

Jim Carrey.

You got, huh?

Do you know, in the CGI one that's Robert Zemeckis?

Michael Caine.

I said Michael Caine.

Did you say Michael Caine?

Yeah.

I wasn't listening.

Oh, why were you not listening?

I think I'm having some sort of problem with my headphones.

Oh, you are.

Oh, yes.

The connection to them is right below you if, as long as that's in there.

I have fiddled with it.

Okay.

Please don't.

I fiddled with it in a positive way to try and make it work again.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

You're positively fiddled.

As long as you're recording what I'm saying, I don't care if I can't hear myself.

Okay.

I am recording there.

You don't have to worry about that.

Right.

I hear when I said Scrooge McDuck.

Scrooge McDuck, yes.

Yeah, though that's right in his name.

Yeah.

It's like the role he was born to play.

Well, I would say that's actually DuckTales.

Was he part of the DuckTales?

He absolutely was.

He swam around in his money.

Not in the version of DuckTales I saw.

What are these off-brand versions that you've been seeing of these franchises?

I mean, maybe this is one of those mandala effect things where I'm remembering it differently when people think that- Like it's Mandela effect.

See, I've always known it as mandala effect where people think that Sinbad was in the GD movie, that Shaq was in Shazam, but really it was Shaq.

That's an example of the mandala effect.

He changed so because people thought Nelson Mandela was dead.

Yeah.

Not mandala.

No, do you know Nelson Mandela?

I have always known him as Nelson Mandela.

Yeah.

Okay.

Then you did a lot of artwork that involved, I think, in Cedric circles?

Is that what mandalas are?

Possibly, possibly.

You know, Shaq should just make that movie now.

Why not?

You know, everyone's so interested in it.

Make that movie as a genie.

I think it would potentially create more confusion, though.

In the marketplace.

Yes.

Because now it would exist.

It would exist and you would have two different versions that you've experienced.

Okay.

Well, I remember DuckTales being more about the one nephew of Donald Duck.

Huey?

Huey.

See, I don't know.

Does he have other brothers?

Yes.

Dewey and Louie.

Oh, see, I remember it as Huey's days where it's just Huey going on adventures by himself.

I have never seen that.

In fact, I had a previous guest come on the show who seemed to be one of those people.

Okay.

And I didn't know who he was for a long time.

Interesting.

Anyway, I got to say, Dr. Kenway, I don't see this catching on necessarily, but you're saying it's going to happen.

With absolute certainty.

And how soon?

I would say that our numbers pointed this happening within the next two or three weeks.

Two or three weeks?

Yes.

And we're all going to be taking either Fridays or Mondays off?

If it's not you, it's someone that you know, taking Fridays or Mondays off to celebrate the crossover country hits of the mid-2000s.

Yes.

Okay.

Well, interesting.

I look forward to it, but what else is going to be happening?

Well, there are so many things, Scott.

Oh, okay.

I know I'm trying to determine what is the most important to prepare you for now so that you won't be disoriented.

Sure, yeah.

Are you involved at all in cryptocurrency?

No.

Kind of the opposite.

I'm not involved.

How important is it?

That's the opposite of that, right?

Okay.

So that's not...

I'm involved in it a little bit.

I use it in the procurement of the men.

You pay the large men in cryptocurrency?

Are you lure them with...

At times?

Promises of cryptocurrency?

They're all of it.

Luring them in crypto sometimes, luring them, or paying the others who procure them.

Well, then...

The mobs.

The vigilante mobs.

They're deputized.

They're not vigilantes.

Again, I don't really know anything about how that works.

But you pay these people, but you don't know how it works.

I have a variety of methods of receiving and processing these men and women.

Okay.

By the way, you don't need to keep saying, and women, like you're going to be canceled.

I don't think anyone wants to be included in this.

Okay, fair enough.

I think it's nice that it's open.

It sounds like a very inclusive thing.

Exactly.

So sorry.

Yes.

Crypto.

This isn't all white men and women, is it?

This isn't all white men and women.

No, no.

No, this is everybody.

Okay.

This is everybody.

Okay.

Well, this may have an impact on you, then.

I guess my follow-up question after cryptocurrency is, when you're enjoying basic cable, is your favorite part of enjoying basic cable, the fact that you and your friends are all consuming the same content at the same time?

Sometimes if you're watching live television, there's a little bit of that of like a football game or something like that.

You're going to have to kiss that goodbye.

Oh.

I'm actually seeing a movement away from that and a new rising trend that's going to be very popular is NFTNT.

NFTNT?

What does that stand for?

I know what NFT is.

It's non-fungible tokens.

This is NFT, whatever TNT stands for.

It's going to be everybody's going to have their own personal version of TNT.

They're completely different from and unique to everyone else's experience of TNT.

Personalized how?

TNT is going to take everything that they have in their own personal library in terms of great new dramas original dramas like claws Certain live basketball I remember it as Game of Car Game of Game of Car car or card game of cart. Oh, I'm of guard Game game of car game of car game of car. That's how I remember it Okay, so but what is clause because I've never is that Santa Claus? I haven't seen clause I just know it's one of the great original programs. It's offered on TNT. I think it takes pace in place in Florida I think niecy Nash is involved. Okay. Anyway, right now clause is aired at a fixed time And if you and any of your friends are going to watch clause, you're all gonna do it at the same time unless of course you've devi Art it if you are participating in nftnts When you experience clause is going to be completely different from everybody else in the world streaming services now Scott I did not invent any of this technology. Okay, I'm right frankly to say something like NFT and T that sounds stupid to me, but I It's just I don't need to get you push back. I don't need to be pushed back No, no, I don't I I understand that this is some of the stuff I'm going to be talking about is upsetting and disorienting It's changing. Okay, you're right. You're right. I fabric of life as we know it. Yeah, no I mean, I know what you mean because I I remember when when Tiger King came out and everyone watched Tiger King and I Had no idea what it was until like and everyone was talking about this thing Tiger King Tiger King It's a it's a lot like the the tinder swindler Thank God. I watched that the weekend it came out because now everyone talks about the do you know the tinder swindler?

I have heard of it, but I haven't oh, yeah So you were a lot like me with Tiger King heard of it heard of it but lying about the fact that I'd heard of it Yeah, but all I'd heard of all I'd heard about was people talking about it right well That's the whole mission of our institute is to try and make people aware of these things before they happen I was so confused those two weeks of like who is carol Baskin?

Yes, so is so you're trying to prepare me for stuff like this. Yes, that's right. What else do you have?

We Anticipate a major change in the family unit in the way that parenting specifically is happening in our culture Oh, okay, and we're gonna see this happen. Usually those are generational shifts and this is going to happen. You have like right now What was it a tiger mom? No, I think you tiger King, but what is the Tiger mom is a it is a form of that's why Tiger King. I was so confused a little too close problem with Tiger King And who's playing Tiger King like suddenly you see Kate McKinnon is is in Tiger as fan of casting news You must be very excited about that. Okay, but who's playing Tiger King?

There were two different castings for Tiger King at one point. It was going to be Nicholas Cage It might still be and then there's a for a three named actor is playing. Yeah, someone I don't know James Earl Jones Unfortunately not the voice of Darth Vader. Yes, really wait really you didn't know that no as a fan of casting no He's Darth Vader and a locker spoiler Rick for return to the Jedi he's Hayden Christensen no, no, I'm sorry. We're getting off He's the one who said Luke. I fathered you with the woman In wedlock, I might add yes Okay, so tell us about the this apparently I think I'm excited about this I think it's we're moving in the right direction rather than a discipline focused overly stern overly controlling trend in parenting what we're going to see is the the the father's taking a larger role in parenting okay, and rather than trying to Be stern or be control. I already said that but basically what they're going to do is they're going to be Softer and warmer with their kids. This is great and to try and get on the kids level. You're going to see dads making themselves smaller Physically smaller crouching down so that they can sort of be on the kids level. You mean surgically like no It's all a physicality thing and that's really only the probably the least important part of this parenting trend because the great the bigger part of it is The use of black magic to control your children's behavior and and their wants and desires What this is called small this is called small kind voodoo father And it's a parenting trend and I know that sounds very silly small kind of voodoo It's called small kind voodoo father. So voodoo is the one that still is the same Still is the same from what I don't know what you This is a whole not It's a sin we've no yeah Well, we did some testing with the computer data and there are going to be some people that do small kind voodoo mommy But okay, and that just doesn't catch on it would be satisfying in a way if it did But it's actually going to be more small kind voodoo father.

So this is almost the opposite of what he's doing He's taking normal sized people and making them bigger as a side effect as a sure as an unwanted side effect or as a Yeah, these if you had your druthers what they remain exactly For longer you wouldn't have to drain them and dispose of it seems like the growing is only just an issue for you You know sort of a problem that you have to work around right and the difference between this trend is as opposed to feels like you're sort of abducting these people and forcing them sort of conscripting them to into the work that you're doing right offering them I'm offering them right forms of payment and limited information and they're making an informed Decision relatively well any parent that's going to employ small kind voodoo father is doing it of their own accord They don't have to it's just a trend going to become so popular Right that if you are a parent and you're talking to other parents and all they're going to be talking about is how they've done small kind voodoo father all day And you're gonna feel left out. You're gonna feel like you're neglecting your child for not, you know Doing small kind of voodoo father I guess I didn't even know black magic was a thing. Is that something I missed out on?

Are people doing that how long have people been doing that?

They've been doing that since January 15th 2021. Wow yes ah That's crazy. Yeah, I mean the it's amazing. I was busy. I was busy that whole earlier in the month From the sixth on before the six probably Yeah a little bit before the six and then I've been in a lot of conversations since then He's got the mandala effect go like is he Yeah, even in our I don't know if you're upstream or you in our Our reality right now ah well I can tell you about some Vibe fluctuations that have happened to me and if you guys have also experienced them that I'm in the same Time stream. Yeah, tell us about these well have you guys?

You've heard of these things that they're stationary bikes that are internet connected pelletons and oh god, no oh Why what are what are they in your we have stationary bikes that are internet connected and it gives you access to a monthly subscription where you're connected to a group of Jewish mothers who praise you for having a bike and riding it and it's called Kavellaton That's not what's happening here. No. No. Oh my god. I think you may have crossed over into another universe Are you all my this renders all my data useless all of these things that were very important like Honky-tunk but don't go on weekend and small kind voodoo father and NFT and T in this timeline They're meaningless They're there nothing I think so. I mean I think you may have crossed over through a wormhole or something into an alternate universe Yeah, we what's your biggest fear right now?

Nuclear war Your biggest fear is nuclear war you're not at all worried about being forced against your will to marry a small furry alien That's living in your basement. You're not experiencing foma in any way foma fear of marrying alf How else already an acronym? I Don't even have a basement Do you need to be full mouth?

It's also known as foam alf just hearing about it I don't feel well. I don't feel well. I I How am I supposed to get back to my Time stream how does this happen? Were you in the lab? I can't I can't be here alone I need to get back to my cat at home Because in my timeline Cats are the mommy and I am the baby Cats are the mommy and you're the baby where I come from baby alone here We're gonna warn people of changes that don't even apply to them. No, we haven't been doing that here. No, I'm sorry I want my mommy My small furry mommy. I need to get back to her. I Don't know how to help you. I I I mean this guy's a scientist. Maybe he could not a scientist is a matter of fact No, I'm the idea guy and my friend barf knows operating He's not a doctor, but he knows more science stuff Would he be able to help me?

Fight figure out a way to reverse Whatever's happened to me to get me into this timeline If you're pro if your issue involves having to have Your head sawed open and a small but significant part of your brain removed Would that help you at this point? I'm willing to try anything Because I don't know if I want to live in a world where I can't look forward to Honky tonk bedunk along weekends and or maybe instead of having your the other stuff that I'm currently Enjoying right now some of my favorite things that are Vibe shift fluctuations that have happened in my timeline.

I get together with my friends on the weekend We dig a big hole in the backyard and we get a bunch of guys with the same name and we kick them all into the hole What is it? What is that called? It's called a Josh pit. We see which one can get out of there And that's my favorite thing to do, but your name isn't Josh. No, I Go into the pit But I want to live in the world where it's acceptable for me to dig a big big pit and Trig a bunch of guys see your charge of the job side of it This is not always in charge of it. Sometimes I'm the one that organizes it but not always You're the perfect amount of destroy. I mean you're a good candidate for for yeah, this I mean if you have nothing to live for here Well, oh well, okay, so my options are Okay, let me see try to find your way back and try to find my way back to my you know Try try to get maybe a kneel to grass Tyson's. Do you know who that is?

Or do you have someone else? Do you have? Let me come back and stand the dirt Hall of Field we have I Mean that name it sounds unfamiliar to me it reminds me of a sort of upsetting trend that happened a couple years ago where people were trying to steal Pibo, Bryson Well, what was that? We were just trying to kidnap Malams, so they have to get all their stuff. Do they work?

No, no, no, okay Well, when the first couple people tried to kidnap Pibo price and he was aware of it and it's really more kidnapping than he was the last one right it Wasn't called steal to last Bryson Wasn't I don't know Your options right now are trying to find some scientists to help you or I can go with this gentleman and He will well bottom eyes you I'd have it. I mean I'm out of a job right now I can't imagine that anybody is gonna have any interest in hearing about no I Trends that I barely had any from the jump So so I can't imagine this is gonna catch on so I look you know if we can make a love connection here If you want a second date, we'll pay for it If you if you want to go with you want to go with him, you know, it sounds like it's a great career opportunity for you I think I'm gonna have to take you up on it Hey, I I love this I came out here Looking for Looking for some employees. Am I in am I large enough?

At the universal not sure No Listen back. I think it's in there very good. All right.

Well, we need to take a break when we come back We have another small business owner. That's very exciting.

Hopefully not working in a similar business to you or but we'll find out So we'll be right back with more Winston Carmel more dr.

Kenway to we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this Comedy bang bang we're back. We have Winston Carmel is here from fix a form. How do people get?

Look you up online is it fix form calm or you can go to fix a form Dot-com we have a mailing list you can just enter your email and phone number ironically We our form does not auto. Oh, do the parentheses couldn't figure that out phone number Oh So but I mean that's that's proof of concept. You're like proving exactly why they need your exactly We feel like it's a bit of a hook you enter your number you get disgusted with how the numbers look sitting there two seconds Yeah, disgusting one last rodeo One last rodeo one last to do it one more time one last bit of pain before all your problems for retirement Yeah, right fix a form and that voice you're hearing is dr.

Kevin Kenway of an alternate earth Who's the president out there who's the president where I am from originally that's what I'm asking yeah Bo Jaden is the president where I'm from Bo Jaden Bo what's that short for Bo regard?

Okay, it's our he's our see we have Joe Biden who had a son Bo Alright, let's get to her next guest She's a small business owner and we'll figure out exactly what business that is please welcome to the show Phoebe Chitiru Oh la. Yes, it's Phoebe Chitiru. You could come if Phoebe you could come eat Chitiru you could come here look I say okay Oh, thank you. Yeah, I'll call you Phoebe do we need to decide right now? Oh everybody pick okay?

Pick in between I don't know I'll go Phoebe. Okay. I got dibs on Phoebe Chitiru over here What do you I'll do can I do Phoebs? Yeah? I like that with a Z at the end. Yeah, yeah Yeah, make sure to pronounce the Z like a Z V Phoebs. Yeah, there you go Show so great to meet you. This is by the way Winston Carmel and dr. Kenway. Hello dr. Winston Yeah, and I'm Scott ockerman. Oh hello Scott. Yes, I know you Big fan. Oh, thank you so much. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yeah. All right. Well, I'd love to be a big fan of what you're here to talk about So tell us about your business. So I sell recycled kitty litter glitter Okay, what is that? Hmm? I don't know what that means. Okay, so first the company I want to make sure everybody hears it. It's got Lady Glitt Lady Glitt is what is the okay? Yeah, okay, but what what you said you said what it was and I've never heard of that concept Okay, what exactly okay? Yeah, so it's a whole thing. So no one day I was I have cats and one of my cats now. Yes, they have no no this on this earth on this earth We are the masters of the cat. No where I'm from the okay, but I can I can wrap your you can wrap your yes Yes, I'm sorry. I shouldn't have corrected you also. It's wildly rude. It's okay. It's okay. Listen I've been here listening to both you and the truth is I really think we can all collab not just both really Scott, maybe not you I got that a lot, but it's okay So I have a cat his name is Meow sometimes I call him me Alsters again. You guys call him whatever you want me I'll know I will come into contact with each other. Okay, but just so you know you could call him whatever Okay, oh meow is the cat based on based on the on a mana pia of how its voice sound Yes He just I mean, you know I save him one day from the pizza shop where I used to go to and all of a sudden all he does is me I was like going I'm just gonna call you me out that it fits yeah If it doesn't fit you must acquit yeah, that fits yeah, and if you look at him you say oh that's a fucking me Oh, that is a meow that is no other cat name that is me. Oh, do you have OJ Simpson on your earth?

By the way speaking of that or do we do? Yeah, he's one of our greatest comedic actors. Okay same on here Same out save on this earth. Why you ask about OJ Simpson?

Oh the glove fitting Okay, no, okay, I was just like let me connect. Yeah, well, let's connect to your idea So I was watching me out sirs. He was doing pee pee in the kitty litter and you know sometimes I like to go check he does a lot of pee and I go and I'm looking and I'm like oh my gosh it is beautiful What's beautiful is his urine his pee in the litter it is shiny here it is here a set here It doesn't that word yes here this is is that a common thing? I don't have it I'm not a cat owner a cat does known me. I'm sorry dr. Ken wait And I is that a common thing that when they the cats urinating glitter it tends to shine well cats are pretty much perfect and beautiful everybody knows that okay and So when they do pee pee in the litter Sometimes the type of litter you have maybe make a shine more and I have this kitty litter that is called pretty litter Pretty litter is like very pretty. I thought it was litty glitty. No, no, no the litter that I use. Oh, oh got it Yeah, but a lot of brand confusion around what you're talking about you know, it's a little bit of this a little bit I can understand that And so I look at the how about this it's a litty bit of this a glitty bit of oh my god I love it. I steal it trademark it. You don't have to steal it. I'm giving you to you. Thank you. No crime necessary I love that. Okay, so you have pretty litter though. That's what you use. Yeah, so it's like a pretty litter And so me officer's was doing his pee pee and I'm looking at like the sun is hitting it and I was like oh my god It's beautiful, you know, it's like art, but then I've been watching a lot of euphoria You know euphoria right trends, you know, I know you give euphoria You have euphoria. Yes, it's one of our best 22 minute live in front of a studio audience I might prefer that that's different those kids at that high school are very wacky Well, I wonder if they say by the bell where you for your from by the same by the bell is a gritty show That drug abuse yes about drug abuse and it's on the CW So you're looking at this beautiful the the the sun bouncing off the I guess I don't know what you're in the litter Yeah, the you're in the air the ambiance of my apartment sure everything combined just makes it look beautiful to you Yes, also I'm also crazy. I'm from Ohio, but Miami, Ohio Oh, yes, yes, yes, oh, I don't really my army and they're like they're like oh my god three or five and I'm like no No, no Ohio is crazy. They forget right the beauty of the litter I feel like his self-explanatory in my experience whenever I watch my mommy do pee pee. I look a bit go That's so beautiful. I wish to be as beautiful as her one well Here's the thing you can be because with Littiglet you I was Littiglittie Let it know let it go it with Littiglet. Yeah, but like I said a little bit of this a little bit Okay, I'm sorry. I just want to hammer. I want to get solid on it. Yeah, let it glit and so I am turning this Cat litter that is shiny. I'm doing little experiments in my own Kitchen because my science teacher mr. H. He always told me you are so smart. You're so good in science So I say you know what fuck a time. I go to my bathroom I go to the kitchen. Those are my labs and I experiment with the kitty litter and I have made Glitter for humans and cats if they want to and they can just put it on because like I said wait So humans are peeing in the litter. Well, so that's the thing I'm trying to branch out to next which I was thinking maybe oh, but we don't even know what your first product is So it's glitter that the this three there's glitter for humans. Yes made of Love urine from the cats. Oh, yes. Yes. Yes So you know like when in the cat's go pee pee in the litter it gets clumpy, okay creates like a thick Residue type of a structure right yeah clumps. Yes clumps by the way Winston you a fan of that franchise the clumps. I am you are yeah You know as I said that there I love I love casting but it's it but and it's like it's robbing you of casting yeah Not a lot of casting news in the clumps because Eddie Murphy is playing so many different parts It's it's an important part that's fixed in every earth. I would imagine the clumps. Yes Well that man's an iconic well the clumps came first in my timeline and then they came out with the prequel to the clumps the nutty Professor and then that's it. Those are the two movies in my time. Yeah, it's swapped in our timeline Oh interesting. Yeah, the prequel came first what sorry.

Why is this this is seem shocking that's shocking to you?

You can watch those movies in any order. I don't think you give a shit. I can't imagine doing so So yeah, but yeah, it seems seems like something you wouldn't enjoy well Batman's an iconic character you go Who's gonna who's the gonna embody him right the clumps?

You don't know the clumps so you go. Oh, it's funny that this guy's playing all of them Understand why it's funny. I just as a fan of casting. It's like less casting for your money I Credit to read at the end I guess Sorry, I don't know why this is throwing you so much, but I Yeah, I mean, okay, I'm sorry. I don't mean to bring it. I hate it You don't have to eat the clumps, but anyway, so you know these clumps I'm never gonna be able to watch it the same way. No you should watch it reversed You are really taking this hard. It's so crazy. Oh my god, so I'm sorry So so so people are smearing cat litter on their on their faces their hair their eyebrows You do one eyebrow. Maybe you do maybe like a highlighter on the cheekbone all the influencer ticktakers Periscope vineyards. They're bringing know the social media all of them all of them They're all over it. They're ticking and talking and they love it and it's it's a really big trend You're gonna see it. Let me tell you he's not interested in trends anymore because none of his data is applicable Well, I don't know this might be applicable. Yeah He's not gonna be able to even have he's recognized very soon Oh, no, I can try and run some of the data before we go back to New York City, Ohio and I get lobotomized Okay, I don't know. I don't know that you'll have time for okay, sir But um, but you're planning our trip the time I'm not in charge of the itinerary I just I don't know from his from from his what he's told me about the procedure You like to do this. I mean relatively quickly right before I like to get it done quickly Yeah, I don't like to have a lot of change of thought also What what how are you gonna run the data your computers in this timeline you have contact between the time you thought about this at all?

I would hope that my computer is here What but did you bring it over like a super computer that runs these things or it's just your laptop The Institute has got us so be here you guys have heard is the Institute for cultural Cisco Delaware, right? No, none of that exists San Francisco Delaware doesn't even exist. Oh boy. Yeah. No, it's all right You're not gonna be able to run any data. Well, then I guess I'm free to get lobotomized right away I Guess I guess none of my plans are holding firms. I'm sorry I'm sorry. Am I going to the woods this weekend with my sister dressed in German clothing to push a witch into an oven What is that? What is that? That's called a Hansel culture.

Okay?

No, no I have to say Phoebe see I don't know that I would be wanting to smear cap P all over my body Yeah, and you know that makes sense. That's why I was thinking maybe I could have I collab look It's okay. I a little bit of this a little bit of that everybody has an opinion like a but right they say that It's assholes. Yeah, yeah, that okay, and not and by the way, not everyone has one that is an asshole Yeah, there it's a yeah, unfortunately. What do they do?

Yeah, you have to tear someone a new one Expression came Suggest that you had one New for the human race. Oh This is like a Genesis No, I have a cousin who was born without an asshole. Oh my god, and the phrase that they use was is I'm gonna tear you your first one Oh, that makes sense now. Okay, so so what collab would you have with with these people?

So I was thinking maybe with Winston. Um, I can borrow those men of yours and mostly I just think they're urine Yes, so I would have them pee in the kitty litters in my home. I have a urinate these I mean, I know they eat garbage They do and and and they eat a lot of garbage and they don't produce a ton of urine because we don't keep them Hydration, okay, but The urine they do produce is viscous And it does glisten it does have a beautiful sort of glisten.

Yeah, I guess that would make it shine a little more Okay, I think it might be a consistency that that could could work for you Yeah, we can work to do the tutoring issues or I think it's due from probably eating garbage and not a lot of water Oh, it's sort of a greedy. It's sort of a silti. It could have an exfoliating quality to it. Oh, okay Okay, I mean listen They could have crystals in there you heard like cats when they get UTIs so maybe oh it works because sometimes when the cats have the UTIs It's even sparklier the glitter and it looks so good on the face. Okay. Yeah, so there so yeah There's a possible collaboration here between you and Winston here. What would the collaboration be with dr. Kenway?

Well, I don't know. I was thinking he could maybe Isn't it a lot of time? I mean now yes, you know, he's gonna be able to punch in parentheses and hyphens for you After after a training session for a long training session.

Okay, so I like I like to use the emoji of the like the little star that looks like a shooting star, okay Uh-huh like in my branding because it's like sparkle like maybe you could train Dr. Kenway to use that emoji. We could do some special training. Okay. Okay. Yeah, I mean I I really feel like this is a entrepreneur small business Diverse mix of ideas so we can really very high right now diversity is very high It's so high. Tell me about it. Oh man. So it's like yeah, that's you're perfect positioning in the marketplace. Yes.

Yes. Yes This is great. That's why I'm also mostly um our our cat models also. They are diverse Um the cats are diverse. Mm-hmm. So what is that? I don't know what that means. Um, what different colors?

Uh, yes, they're all different colors, you know, that's like like all cats. Yeah. Yeah, because did you know that um, here's a thing though Here's the thing. Yeah in the shelters the black cats are the ones that are the last to ever get picked Why? Because I don't know that's a literal statistic Really? Because people are afraid of them because they're superstitions. I think it's a superstition Yeah, but now with the rise of voodoo in in Dr. Kenway's time well, that's an entirely different Yeah I feel like I could bring it a Bring it over here and people would be into it The the people would start to use black magic and very popular. No, see we have big bad voodoo daddy over here And what is that?

It's a big band's swing band That was like a string of utter nonsense. I know I know So you just do voodoo you don't do voodoo. Yeah, no, okay.

Oh, okay. Okay. Yeah, that's different That's different. Is that is that uh some sort of witchcraft? Um, yeah, voodoo. Yeah is um, well It comes from africa and it was brought to like, you know, Puerto Rico and Cuba and like the some of the Caribbean islands and uh You know, it's not only used for bad. It's used for good too So you couldn't you know sometimes you got to freeze people and sometimes, you know, you got to do a little impiousa and maybe um Part of what is going to help you is if you do some brewery and do a little impiousa And then you won't have to go away in a couple weeks Hmm Well, are you saying to do some sort of magical incantation that would send him back to his own earth? Yes. Hmm. Do you do you know any Words like that that we could try out or not me. I don't fuck with that. Oh, oh, okay. Yeah, again. You're out of luck So you waved a life preserver in the air And then you said no, I'll be keeping it here on the boat for it's not a life preserver. It's actually a big Prethment. Oh, I have a lady Giant breath mint, but I have a lady. I send you I send my timeline all breath mints are about the size of a beach ball with a big Okay, then you know what I'm talking about. I wouldn't call giant Just slightly bigger. Ah, so confused. Okay. Uh, look phoebe.

Uh, it sounds like you have a great collaborator here I don't think dr. Ken wait is gonna be a much use to you But uh, do the emoji for you?

No, but he does. I'm excited to hear that i'm going to be doing emojis as well Yes, yes, and you do have this thing with cats like you're the baby the cast some on Yeah, I feel like I can maybe use you like you could go on your force bring your cats And like maybe like you guys can collab with my cats and see what happens Just being around any cats at all since I'm now adrift in a world that is strange and unknown to me Being around any cat will remind me of my mother and in many ways that'll be comforting to me Oh, that's so nice. What was your mother's name?

Her name was craig Was craig Very common very common name for females where I come from a craig. What's wrong with that?

Oh, another another crag. Yes. I know we have craig bierco out here. Not a woman though We have craig bierco. Oh, you know who's that? I mean Are you saying no Okay, look we're running out of time guys, but it sounds like you have a great great collab here between everyone this other we've really uh uh uh I've enjoyed hearing all of your different points of view and how you can all uh integrate within each other Thank you. Yeah, you've got a real incubator here. Yeah, I love that Um, but we are running out of time We just have time for one final feature here on the show and that is of course a little something called plug zuh I I I I I I I I I I Oh wow, that was uh, that was haunting. Yeah, beautiful. Is that like the type of music on yours?

Uh, yes, that sounds a lot like twin shadow the most popular recording artist in my oh well We love to he's been a friend of the show. He was a guest on this and the uh and the television show as well. I love it Yeah, um, not as popular here though. I would say But great guy um that was Scramm demic with crying and sweating. Thank you so much to scramm demic. All right guys. What do we want to plug? Uh, uh, Winston, do you have any plugs here? Well, obviously fix a form Uh, we're getting off the ground. We have a lot of uh fun stuff happening Uh, there's a great Podcast i've been listening really different than this one It's called the phony and callie show. It's on all things comedy get wherever you get your podcast Got john gemberling and anthony a tambinic They're they're they're best friends. They wow talking improv. They have guests. Uh, uh, it's uh, it's great Check it out and that's anywhere in podcasts. So anywhere you can get your podcast every monday's a new episode The phony and callie show the phony and callie show. Mm-hmm.

Wow sounds great. Yeah, okay. I had a plug All right. Um, dr. Kenway, what do you want to plug? Uh, well first and foremost. I want to plug uh fix a form I'm big. I'm nice. Give me your garbage. Yum. Yum Are you are you assuming that's gonna be your my new persona?

Once the procedures that I want your pretty much are they able to talk at all or they, uh, make uh Little grunts sometimes, you know, sometimes they'll say that it's mostly sort of moaning and grunting if anything There's gurgling if they get like a piece of garbage stuck in their throat like a garbage disposal. It's not yeah, exactly Okay, we run some cold water down it and uh, it's not a lot of stratum Huh, drano sometimes if it's if it's stuck if you're done with it then yeah, right drano. Yeah, uh Done with it me by it. You mean the large man. Yes. Okay.

Yes. Okay. You're gonna be large by the way sounds very Does that sound good to you because right you're a you're a slight individual right now. I would love to get swole That's something that's been on my to-do list You this could be your business by the way is like just making men big Do you think people would like that? Yes, there's like gymnasiums are a huge industry like crossfit Yeah, but but through surgical means oh Uh, but we have no way of keeping them from Stopping getting big so they just sort of grow like uh kira Yeah, you know, you know, you're fun of a kid. I love a kira.

Yeah, uh You know, a kira just grows and grows The end I I don't recall. Oh You just wait how's it end? He just he grows and grows until he's Becomes the earth or what?

He like explodes or something. Oh, if you get too big you explode. Does that happen to any of your subject?

Uh it happened to one guy Yeah, he uh, he got too big slug face Was his name?

Um, he got too big and he just started uh bursting, you know, his his neck burst open first the neck burst open First the neck then the car And uh, you know, just gushing gushing you want that to be the last As far as i'm concerned like i'm fine with the neck i'm fine with the chat everything can burst You want to be totally burst. You just want to be an unburst cock in a pile of gore For me and I would want it to be my neck first and then my back Then you then my vagina What about your, uh, buttex crevice i guess my buttock crevice Do you have any other plugs dr. Can wait?

Well one thing that I was looking forward to in my timeline was the premiere of human resources on netflix Which is an animated spin-off of big man. That's still here.

That's a fixed point in this timeline as well Well, what we were anticipating is the breakout character of that show being Uh, joe the hormone months. Oh, really?

Not tyler the hormone months not tyler the hormone monster so much Uh, both would be a surprise breakout star considering a lot of the promotion is centered on people like ad brian Right, right. Oh park and jimmy palmer, but I think it's going to be joe the hormone monster That's going to be the breakout star. All right. Uh, uh, phoebe.

What do you want to plug?

Okay, so I obviously want to plug all my handos because we have a couple We still haven't really liked to side a wish when we love so we have kitty lady lady Lady lady lady kitty lady You've got to work on your marketing. Those are all those are three those are options. I just put them back to back So figure it out me hinting. Okay. Um, I also want to promote this podcast is salaronex podcast and it's called spanish a key presents Yeah, and has some of my friends oscar montoya carlos Santos tony radriga's but my favorite is rice alicea Yeah, yeah, yeah, we love her and um She also has a really sweet three point shot. She doesn't want to make sure everybody knows She told she texted me before to tell you people that it's crazy. No idea about that. Um, and so Uh, their handle is at spanish a key presents on instagram and then also her handle is at rice alicea Our a iza l i c e a But also they have live shows now that they're doing so make sure you follow them Because they just have a little from belkin nine nine and then they just had hulio masyas from on my blog So like it's a bunch of really cool out of next people. So check out Okay I want to plug look cbb world dot com. We have some great stuff just last week We put out a cb bfm with andi holl of manchester orchestra.

Uh, that was a really good show Uh, we did uh, we watched the movie airbud with bill waltons speaking of basketball and We uh have had this book changed my life with lily sullivan and I believe we have a cbb He presents coming out on wednesday that people will enjoy.

Okay. Well, let's close up the old plug bag Yeah Take one hand put it up Take the other down You're gonna make a box it's time to start to close it But don't close it too much. We open up the blood bag We're hoping it'll backload me And when you're open up the blood bag you open up your heart for the rest of the world I'm talking open up the blood bag I open up the blood bag Open up the blood bag as long as you can Thanks a lot man. I'll probably need you next week. I'll give you a call. Okay. See you Okay Uh, that was the booty druthers with what a fool believes to be a closing up the plug bag theme Thank you so much to the booty druthers Uh and guys, I want to thank you so much for uh being on the show winston Good luck to you. Thank you Uh, good luck to you in seeing the new batman film. I hope you do before uh, it's no longer in theaters I will well just came out right yeah, I mean just a few days ago. So uh, you got a little bit of time Probably a six week theatrical window 30 days maybe. Oh, yeah. Yeah, and what's the running time again three hours.

All right See you there maybe see you there all right, uh, and uh, uh, uh, Phoebe of course, uh, so great to me you good luck in your in your collaboration good luck in your branding I think that's where you really need to do the majority of your work. Uh, that's fair. That's fair. Yeah, it is fair.

Yeah a lot like uh, uh, uh, Great balls hidden the our national pastime of baseball.

Yes. I love balls. That's a good one Okay, and dr. Ken weight Has something happened to you or you just practice it? Oh, yeah, I did it. No, I did it. Oh, you did it already? Yeah How I didn't even see it during the plug theme. Uh-huh. Oh Wow, it was just quick now the training begins. Okay. This is the emoji. This is the emoji This is it look at it press it when you when she wants you to press it. No No, press it Stop. They don't they can't feel anything stop it No, you know hit me accidentally. He thinks your face is a form. Okay. We'll see you next time. Thanks. Bye I No, no, no, no, no." Alright let's move now.

Better go!

You You Thank you.
