---
layout: page
title: 748. Lennon Parham, Jacob Wysocki, Madeline Walter [622e8b9be9119100173bf98f].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ A dog walked into a tavern and said, I can't see a thing, I'll open this one.

The humor of it is probably related to the sumer way of life and has been lost, but the words remain!

The words remain!

Wow, thank you, FKA, T-Wig.

This is the first time we've gotten references and footnotes for our catchphrase submissions, but welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, that's a great one.

I don't know whether it's the oldest bar joke, maybe it should be our newest catchphrase that stays.

We'll see if it's the phrase that pays next week, if I change it or not, but welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week. Backyard, era continues.

If you hear the birds of chirping, don't go slurping, because you'll miss the show.

We have a great one today. My name is Scott Ochreben.

A couple of little later we have a theater owner.

Whoa, boy, this is an interesting time to talk to a theater owner because audiences are just returning.

They've been gone for a while.

We'll be talking to them about all of that.

We also have a small business owner.

Now, look, a couple of years ago, we stopped having small business owners on the show because we had way too many.

We changed that. No, we stopped having entrepreneurs.

That's right. Then we had small business owners.

Now, this is the show where people say, oh, no, a lot. We'll try to get them to say, oh, no, but that'll be a little later.

But first, let's talk to our first guest.

We used to have celebrities on the show talking about their entertainment projects, and we don't care about that anymore.

This is purely an informational show.

She is an aquatic specialist.

Please welcome Dr. Helma Prinkton.

Hi.

Hi. I'm so excited to be here.

Yes, Dr. I have a doctorate.

Do you want me to say Dr. Prinkton?

Helma is good.

Dr. Helma?

Helma, just Helma.

You looked worried when you said that.

Just because I'm in a position of power right now, doesn't mean you are definitely asked to everything.

It's exciting. You can put on limits.

Sure, sure. I'm used to interfacing with kids, tweens, mostly, and other scientists.

Honestly, and also fish.

So, I mean, really honestly, the fish, they don't call me anything.

Oh, okay. Do the fish have ages?

Like, are they tweens too?

Absolutely. Yes.

Fish definitely go through a pubescent phase where they're real little bitches.

Oh, my.

They don't want to eat or high-five or do the things that they're supposed to do.

The fish don't? Yeah.

Sure.

But actually, my specialty is on the midnight zone.

Oh, the midnight zone.

Now, I don't profess to know anything about fish or the under the sea life.

Sure.

But I know about what goes on in the oceans I learned from Sebastian the crab.

Oh, God. It's supposedly hotter under the water.

I don't know. Yeah. It's always greener on the other side of the coral or whatever they say, right?

He didn't say that. No. He was primarily concerned with fish who made music.

Yeah. I think that that movie kind of set us all up for failure, right?

Well, it seemed like there was a lot going on down there.

Yeah. And then when you actually had a parental abuse and emotional abuse and then also just like wanting something that you're never going to have unless a magic happens, right?

Well, that, look, we all want things that we can't have or don't have yet.

Sure.

But none of us have a sea hag that we can go to to cast a magic spell.

Right.

You have to pull ourselves up by our own bootstraps.

Or your fins.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Pull yourself by your tail.

Yeah.

So that's all you know about the ocean is what you're saying to me.

Pretty much that's it. I mean, I've dipped a toe in it every once in a while and I'm on one of the great coasts of this wonderful country of ours.

But that's all I know. So I would love. So I don't know what you're talking about when you say the midnight hour.

The midnight zone.

No.

The midnight zone.

Okay. I'm thinking of a song, the midnight hour.

Sure. And that's like a scary time of night, right?

It's a similar parallel. This is an area of the ocean that's like a thousand to four thousand meters deep.

It's right before the sea floor and it's largely unexplored.

Very dark, heavy pressure and we can't take the animals out of that area or they will die.

Okay.

And we can't really get to them either.

Is that because of the pressure and they'll get the pens?

Yes.

Exactly.

The fish will get the pens.

It changes their cell composition to take them out of that space.

Right.

So you are studying these fish. Are you going into the midnight zone?

No, I've not yet been. I'm scheduled to go on an exploration in 13 years from now.

Why so many?

He's a lot of training to go that deep.

Okay. It's not a wait list.

Yeah. Will Smith just recently did it, which kind of pissed a lot of us off just because he's...

You guys have been waiting. Yeah.

How much training did he have to do?

He did do 10 in training.

No training at all.

Other than his wonderful acting training.

Sure. Sure. I mean, I guess that does count.

He's up for the Oscar, you know.

For...

Not for going to the midnight zone.

Oh, okay.

For King, for King, for King Richard, which I...

That was about to write a really rude anonymous post, but...

Okay. Yeah. For the movie about the 10.

The 10 is which I don't believe he was doing research for that when he went to the midnight zone.

No, he has a show. He has a show where he sees...

He goes and explores different things in the world.

I think...

It's pretty nice.

It's good. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You're on...

You know, you cut the list, cut the line as they were.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah. It's like when you're standing in line at a club and then all night and then you get up to the front and they're like...

And the hottest girls you've ever seen suddenly step up and you're like, Whoa, fellas, check that out.

Exactly.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

And then suddenly they walk right into the club.

And you're just left holding your shirt.

But then you go in next and then you hit them up at the bar and you're like, Hey, sexy ladies, how are we this evening?

And then you go home with like one or two of them.

I understand. I, yeah.

Oh, okay. That's not my experience.

Oh, but yeah, sure.

I'm from Hollywood. It's a little... We play by different rules.

I know.

You're a producer and a director and...

God, that's what you are.

Uh, so not really anymore.

Okay.

Have you heard of COVID?

I have heard of it. Yeah, I have heard of it.

Luckily we in the, in the fish world.

We hear those sirens. Boy, this is part of the backyard era.

We hear birds chirping. We hear sirens.

They're not, they're not committing to Dr.

What was your name again?

Plankton.

Helga.

Helma.

Yeah.

Interesting name for an interesting person.

So nice to meet you.

Yeah, my mom just liked the way it sounded.

Oh, uh...

Such a beautiful name.

Which one? Helma or Plankton?

Well, Plankton is our given name.

Um, uh, Helma.

She liked the way Helma sounded.

She just said it out loud once.

She was putting random consonants and syllables together and it just came out.

Yeah, maybe, or I think she was in the bathroom doing something.

She won't tell me what, but she said she was just in the bathroom and just, it came to her.

What could she have been doing?

I don't know.

She, she does a lot of eyelash extension work.

So maybe that...

So maybe she was doing that and she just said, Helma.

Yeah.

But it could, it could have been the other reason to go to the bathroom.

And she...

Take a shower.

Yeah.

You had me at everything other than the hour part.

Yeah.

Okay.

Oh God.

Okay.

I'm with you.

Yeah.

I mean, it sounds like the kind of sound you might make when something is like painful is going on.

Yeah.

And maybe she wants to spare you from that, from the, uh, that conclusion.

Oh.

It doesn't want you to think of her taking a shit every time you introduce yourself.

You know, my middle name is Schmidt.

So maybe, I think you might be onto something.

Never really put it all two to, you know, all together.

Yeah.

Helma Schmidt Plinkton.

Yeah.

Wonderful.

So nice to see you.

So now, uh...

Do you like swimming?

I've done it once or twice.

Yeah.

Do you like swimming?

I do.

Yeah.

I love it.

Yeah.

Where do you swim?

Uh, I swim with the, with the fish at the aquarium.

Oh, you get, you get into the tanks?

Yes.

Oh, really?

Okay.

Yeah.

Um, I mean, when we were, when we were shut down for COVID and we couldn't have people there, we could do whatever we wanted.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Right on the back of dolphins.

Just take a nap with a seal.

It was really beautiful.

And this is a research aquarium.

It's not one for show.

So, you know, people are welcome to come and learn about the animals, but we're not like forcing them.

They can't see them.

Yeah.

They can see them as well.

Okay.

Um, not during COVID though, obviously.

Why is that?

I don't know.

It's not, maybe not obvious to me.

Oh, we shut down just like the rest of the world.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

For the people, not, not to protect the, although maybe the animals can get it as well.

Yeah.

We did have a couple tiger sharks that got it.

Oh, really?

How did they fare?

Well, well, well, what?

They passed away.

They passed the tiger sharks passed away.

Yes.

Those things are ferocious animals and it got them.

Wow.

I'm so sorry to hear that.

Yeah.

That must have been a hard day or two days.

It lasted four months.

They had long COVID really for four months and then they passed away from one by one.

I don't want to.

This is so sad.

You're rehashing.

Okay.

I'm so sorry about that.

It's okay.

I wasn't, it wasn't on me.

It was this guy Lyle who was in charge of the tiger sharks and I think he had it and he didn't tell anybody.

And he infected them.

Because it was he taking naps with the tiger sharks and everything?

They don't take naps, right?

I think they keep moving.

They have to keep moving to keep alive.

Right.

Do they sleep?

They do sleep while they're moving.

While they're moving.

Yeah.

I wish I could do that.

I know.

Just do errands while I'm sleeping.

Sure.

Have you ever slept in a van or a train?

It's the best sleep ever.

All the time.

Great.

Not, not by choice.

What do you mean?

I was putting a van once and just.

And you were.

I was kidnapped technically is what they say.

And so and then it was such a lot.

They were doing such a winding route to try to throw me off.

So I didn't know where I was and they did it for 14 hours.

Okay.

They stopped to get gas three times and they just kept going and going and going.

They kicked out.

You were blinded.

I was blindfolded.

And so at a certain point I just was like, guys, I'm taking a nap.

You don't have to keep doing the twists and turns, but they kept doing them.

Turned out we were two blocks from my house.

The whole time.

Yeah.

Or when you returned.

When we finally dropped us off.

When you were held.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Oh, wow.

They made it seem like we went into like maybe Northern California or even Oregon or something like that.

It was just two blocks away.

Wow.

Yeah.

They didn't be able to raucous you and give you a little.

A little action to put you out or a little.

A little.

A sedative.

Yeah.

Because it was how when Mad Murdock used to do that to get him on a plane.

He didn't like planes.

Yeah.

Mr. T.

I have a friend who gets BA Brackist.

You do not.

Everyone's smiling.

Yeah.

How is that?

Someone else.

Yeah.

She hasn't been on the show for a while.

Yeah.

But tell me more about the specific fish that you are studying.

I mean, obviously you're here on the show to talk about something.

Maybe I should.

You've kind of knew.

Just to let you say whatever you want to say.

Okay.

So there is, this is honestly a personal, it's my own personal soapbox.

I think the midnight zone is so.

If you put soap in the ocean, the whole ocean would be bubbly, right?

Probably just a section of it.

The ocean is self-cleaning like a vagina.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Okay.

I mean, some parts of it.

You see those big trash pods that exist off the coast of Chile and stuff like that?

Oh, the trash ions?

The ocean is almost like an organism and it moves it all together.

So we can throw whatever we want in there.

Oil, trash, whatever we want.

It's fun.

Sure.

Yeah.

The ocean will take care of itself.

Good to know.

Yes.

Okay.

That's from a scientist.

Yes.

A doctor at least.

Well, of the animals.

Right.

Yes.

So, yes.

So soap.

So, soapbox.

That's where we were.

I want to stand on my soapbox for a minute because I was just informed a couple of days ago that they're going to close the midnight zone exhibit at our aquarium and replace it with the cave dweller exhibit.

That's the land.

Well, it's underwater cave still.

It's still a part of an aquarium specific.

Oh, okay.

That's better.

It's not better.

I mean, the midnight zone is completely unexplored and we're making this next generation aware of it.

Maybe we'll have some new explorers.

Maybe the next Will Smith, you know, we'll see the midnight zone.

Yeah, the next Oscar winner.

And now they're saying they're just going to move the whole thing online because we can't have anything that you could actually touch because we can't take the animals out of the midnight zone.

Yeah.

What is in the exhibit right now?

Is it because it's super dark.

You can't see anything.

It's a lot of visual aids, a lot of fumbling around.

There were a lot of injuries.

Is it, is it, is there a lot of injuries around?

Yes.

And also there's a pressurized chamber.

Oh, that went wrong a couple of times.

I know what happened.

Well, someone's eyeball got popped out of their face.

No.

Yes.

Who?

Well, Lyle.

Lyle, the COVID guy?

Yeah, he's a wild beast.

No.

Yes.

Before he got everyone sick or after?

After.

Yeah.

He walked into the pressurized chamber when I wasn't there and he was like, Oh, that's how he sounds.

He was such a dick.

Oh, God.

And he walked right in and he said, I could do this and he shut the door and he hit go.

He watched men himself?

I don't, I'm not seeing that show, but it's probably it's in the show and in the comic.

His eye pops out?

No, no, not Lyle.

God, I watch that show.

Maybe there's like a secret midnight zone lover who wrote that.

Maybe yeah, maybe Alan Moore or the original writer.

That's for comic fans only.

Okay.

So how's Lyle doing?

He's doing okay.

They were able to reinsert the eyeball, but it does.

Oh, right.

Where it was or somewhere else into the same hole.

Good for him to the same eye hole.

Yeah.

But it does.

That'd be weird if they were like, look, we were able to read out your eyeball, but only your butthole.

Yeah.

Yeah, your butthole.

That would be funny.

That would be so funny.

So, so, so a lot of shenanigans and mishaps with this.

Just with Lyle.

Yeah.

And so anyway, just because a Lyle, they're going to shut you down your exhibit.

Yeah, I think a lot of people, I mean, I think people weren't excited about it, to be honest.

To be honest, if, you know, it's somewhere that no one can go to unless you wait 13 years, you know, you can't even see the fish.

Maybe it, maybe though there are secrets there, you know, that will give us some intel about our lives and how we're living, you know, because it is about an animal that is highly pressurized in the dark, right, scavenging.

Sure.

So what, what is that?

How does that relate to our lives?

Well, don't you see the parallels?

Uh, parallels.

Uh, no, I don't actually because we have.

Did I say that word weird?

You repeated it.

Uh, parallels.

That's how.

Parallels.

I'm serious.

Did I say it weird?

You said parallels.

Yes.

That was a question.

I ended it with a.

Parallels.

Don't you see the parallels is how I would say.

Parallels.

Don't you see the parallel?

Get enough.

Parallels.

Just a parallel.

Parallels.

So you all, so when you ask a question, let's ask some other questions.

Okay.

And you only do the final syllable on that word.

I'm not sure.

Okay.

So let's try a different word.

Have you, have you inserted a suppository?

Ask that question.

Have you inserted a suppository?

See, you're doing the, yeah, you're doing the entire thing.

Yeah.

That's the pository on the up.

No, you gotta do it on the E because that's the final syllable.

Have you inserted a suppository?

That sounds weird.

That's what you did with parallel.

Okay.

Anyway, I don't see them.

Did you get any of those girls from the club pregnant?

Pregnant?

See, you're doing pregnant?

No, I didn't do that.

I did pregnant.

Pregnant.

Anywho.

Have you ever heard of House of Cards, by the way?

Yes, the show that.

That is a show.

Okay.

We've got canceled across the board.

Show didn't get canceled.

Kind of it did, though.

I mean, they did a final season.

Right, with Robin Wright, right?

Yeah.

Robin Wright.

You are Robin correct.

So that's terrible.

About House of Cards?

Yeah, about House of Cards and about cancel culture in general.

Yeah.

What was the parallel that you were going to do with House of Cards?

Well, I don't know.

So no, I mean, I guess we could learn about those particular fish.

I don't know that we could learn anything about the human condition necessarily from the fish.

Well, I think, let's talk about how under pressure we are as a society right now.

David Bowie sang about it.

That's correct.

Along with his buddy.

Yes.

Freddie.

And it was made into multiple remixes.

Remixes and a few remakes as well.

That's right.

Although, who could sing it better than Freddie?

Prince, Jr.

I would love to hear that.

David Bowie and Freddie Prince, Jr. singing another pressure.

Freddie Prince, Jr.'s dad was a legendary fixture in the 70s culture.

He dated Pam Greer at one point.

Did you know that?

I knew everything other than the Pam Greer part of it.

Now Freddie Prince, Jr. is not the spawn of Pam Greer.

No.

Pamela Greer?

No, she likes Pam.

She likes Pam.

Yeah.

Okay.

She's a big supporter of the midnight zone exhibit.

Oh, really?

She's one of the sponsors.

She comes by a lot.

Yeah.

She doesn't come by.

But she just gives money.

Yeah, she gives money.

She believes in this research.

Have you ever met her or did she just send a check every one?

I did go to her ranch.

Really?

Yes, she has a ranch.

Now that's the land.

That's not the sea.

Colorado, yes.

It is.

So she's interested in both.

She loves the earth.

Does she only eat surf and turf?

I didn't ask.

We did have a shrimp.

They were cold shrimp.

Cold shrimp and...

And venison.

Okay.

Well, that's the very definition of surf and turf.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Huh.

Well, anyway, I digress.

So how can I help you?

Well, I just wanted to come on and get awareness out so that...

Of what?

Like, about the midnight zone and the exhibit and it's important so that the cave dweller, you know, exhibit...

Doesn't happen.

Right.

Who's in charge of the cave dweller exhibit?

You guessed it.

Lyle.

Yeah.

A real cave dweller himself, dragging his knuckles around.

That's right.

Wow.

Can't even see straight anymore.

God.

And so is he in charge of the whole place?

No, he's not.

He's an up and coming scientist.

But I bet he's a legacy, right?

Yeah.

Yes.

What is he?

The owner's son or something like that?

His uncle?

Oh.

He's used to bring us dolphins.

Oh, so he's the nephew of the dolphin guy.

Yep.

And everybody's favorite creature, dolphins.

Yeah.

Well, they're so smart.

Yeah.

People love them because they're up at the...

They're not down low, like in the midnight zone.

They're like up on top of the line.

They're on the surface.

They're bouncing beach balls around.

Absolutely.

Just like, look at me.

Look at my shiny fin.

Look at what I can do.

You can use these guys.

Don't you want to swim this way?

I'm so smart, I'll save you if you try to die.

This is like Lyle.

He's like a dolphin.

They say dolphins are the smartest animal, but...

Yeah.

Like, that's the like, shiniest turd.

Exactly.

You know what I mean?

It's like how smart is that?

Just like that.

Like the helmet.

Right?

The shiniest turd.

Thank you.

What's the most annoying fish?

Ah, probably the angler.

The angler, right?

Because it's always like scheming for something or like...

Like, hey, what's your angle?

It's about reeling people in and fooling them that you're the...

What they didn't think that you were.

Right.

Yeah.

You're trying to trick them.

Yeah.

Like, look at this shiny little toy and then you're dead.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

I've seen that in Finding Nemo or something like that.

Oh, okay.

You've seen a lot of Disney fish movies.

Oh, I've mentioned too, I believe.

Pixar?

Was that Pixar?

It is a subsidiary of Disney.

Okay.

Not to talk, you know, shop.

I know that makes you feel stupid, you said earlier.

Yeah, I didn't know who was the who and how it all happens.

But you do know Pixar?

I do.

Yes.

Do you know Ellen DeGeneres played Dory?

Who's that now?

She's...

God, how to describe her.

She's a very interesting person.

Yeah.

That's probably the best.

Okay.

She's a very interesting person.

Yeah, sounds like it.

Yeah.

Well, I mean...

You must have a great voice if she was doing the voice of a fish.

Because you can only imagine when fish really sound like, right?

You know, if I were...

If I were to audition for Dory and unfortunately I didn't get that audition, but I would probably like gurgle a lot and make it sound like I had water in my mouth.

You know, but she didn't do that.

She went the other way.

And how...

She has the dry...

I will say she has the driest mouth in the Hollywood.

That's like a rumor.

Now, have you ever auditioned for a fish or a sea creature?

Who's just a casting director?

Okay.

Anyway, Dr....

What was it?

Helma?

Helma Plankton.

You're very close to Plankton.

Is it?

Yeah.

Oh, you've never realized that.

I see that.

What do you like to do for fun?

Oh, these are good questions.

I'm in a quilting group.

Oh, wow.

A group where you look at quilts or you make them?

We make quilts.

Get together once a month with a group of women and one man.

Who's the man?

Let me guess.

No.

No, not Lyle.

Okay, good.

He would not be allowed.

It's a safe space.

It's a two-eye game quilting, isn't it?

Well, you have to be able to focus.

Yeah.

We don't...

You don't exclude anyone for...

Based on their eyes.

But you're not going to be good at it.

Well, I don't like him.

Let's be honest.

You don't want to spend one Sunday a month with someone that I don't like.

That would be 12 times a year.

You're already seeing him at work.

Yeah, every day.

Yeah.

Has he wanted to join the group?

No, has it asked?

But probably will now.

What?

Well, he's definitely going to listen to this.

Oh, you've been saying a lot of unkind things about it.

Yeah.

I don't care.

I said to his face.

Oh, really?

Right?

He's just like the nephew of the whale guy.

He's not a kid.

He's 37.

He's a 37 year old nephew.

At some point you age out of being a nephew because your uncle dies.

No, he's...

You're always a nephew.

Even if your uncle dies, you're always a nephew.

Yes, of course you are.

No, you stop being a nephew once your uncle dies.

Would you stop being a cousin?

Just because...

Yes, I would no longer be a cousin to anyone if my cousin died.

You're no longer a son if your parents die?

You're no longer a dad.

I'm no longer a grandson.

No, I...

You're no...

No, where are you a dad?

If your child dies.

Why are we talking about this?

You brought it up.

No, you said the nephew could be a nephew if the uncle died.

And by the way, that guy is still finding these asshole doffits.

I don't know where he gets them.

Where does he get them?

Well, I mean, the ocean is full of them.

Yeah, they're like...

But then you have to drive them all the way from the ocean to Arizona.

Yeah, and that's like a 12 hour trip, right?

It's a long trip, especially with a doffin in your back seat.

In your pickup?

Yeah.

Like the back of your pickup.

Or in your van.

Yeah.

Well, Dr....

Can you stick around, Dr. Helma?

Yeah, I don't have anywhere to be.

Well, they're closing your exhibit.

Yeah.

It sounds like all of your responsibilities are gone at this point.

Yeah.

Or will be soon.

It will be soon.

Well, that's wonderful.

Coming up on the show, we have a theater owner and someone who's a small business owner.

This is very exciting.

And right back with more Dr. Helma-plinked in... more comedy bang bang right after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're here with Dr. Helma-plinked in.

And by the way, when we started, you were Dr. Helma-prinked in.

Yes.

But it seems like halfway through, it changed.

That wasn't me just mispronouncing it and you going along with it, is it?

No, I told you that it was Prinked in because for a moment, I thought, I'll get away with Lyle not knowing who I am.

Oh.

But he's...

He'll know anyway.

You've been saying his name, though.

Is it actually Lyle?

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

You've been saying Lyle and you thought...

I've been saying his name and our university and our aquarium name and also didn't change my first name.

Yeah.

Or my voice.

Yeah.

Oh, I was going to say I'd like to hear your real voice if you've been changing it.

Oh, this is my real voice.

This is it.

Yeah.

Okay.

So it actually is Plinked in.

Yes, it is.

Okay.

Yeah.

Good.

Sorry for that.

All right.

Dr. Helma-plinked in is here.

I'm about everything that's been going on.

Please welcome to the show Barry Bunbuster Barry Ball.

Hello Scott.

Yes.

Hello.

Oh.

It is such a pleasure to be here.

You sound as... and this may just be the way your voice is hitting my ear, but you sound as if you are from Mary Old England.

Is that correct?

You can't believe it.

Oh, boys.

He's called me.

Hey, Barry.

So good to meet you.

You're a theater owner.

Yes.

I own the...

One or several?

One.

With several stages.

Oh.

With the Royal English Theatre of Dramatic British Performing Arts.

Royal?

I got that much.

The Royal English Theatre.

English Theatre.

Okay.

Of Dramatic British Performing Arts, formerly owned by Chestnut Chesto B.

Oh.

So it's Red Dipper.

Is that what it is?

I think yes.

Red Dipo.

Red Dipo?

Yes.

Hmm.

I think I know what that means.

And it means that I'm in charge now.

Congratulations.

Yes.

So it was formerly owned by someone.

Yes.

With Chestnut Chesto B, did you buy it or did you inherit it or was it...

I guess those were the only men who are in the edge of what they've packed.

Really, he left it to you in his will.

Yes, Ritz, Ritz in peace, Jesna.

Ritz in peace.

But a legend in the theater world.

I would call him an icon.

Great.

Yeah, I've never heard of his work, nor the theater.

You never heard of the Royal English Theatre of Dramatic British Performing Arts?

I have not.

No, I've heard of...

We're in Shrushire.

You're in Shrushire.

Oh, okay.

I don't even know where Shushire is.

In the north?

Oh, the north.

Yes.

You must not be familiar with the north, Scott.

Oh, look, I've been to England.

I traveled around and I went to...

Well, where were the places I went to?

Shepherds Pie?

Is that a place?

Yes.

Blindensburg.

What you talking about, Waze?

So what type of theater is it?

It sounds like you have many stages.

It's great theater.

It's theater that talks to the heart.

It's theater that talks to the community.

It's three stages, two black boxes and a main stage.

And is it a thrust or a three quarters?

The second black box is a thrust.

Okay.

And the first is in the round?

The first is in the round and the main stage is a typical normal theater.

It's a proscenium.

Yes.

Oh, well, you know a lot about stages.

Oh, I mean, good company.

What a delight.

Yes.

And we've got a thick slate for 2022.

What are some of the show?

I mean, obviously, people are going back to the theater.

We're welcome, meaning back with oven arms.

Broadway is back, according to that special that they put on right before Omochron.

I want to make it abundantly clear.

I do not mince swords with Broadway.

Oh, okay.

Nothing you do is...

Which is an acting theater.

I see.

Yeah, it's cool.

What's your slate?

What do you have coming up?

Right now, I'm very excited about Jingle Sum to Russo.

Jingle Sum to Russo.

Yes.

Jingle Sum to Russo.

It's an intimate story about a man who falls in love with a sex worker at an after hours BDSM Leather Club.

Is she working there or this is after hours and she's just...

She's come after work.

Porque Nolos Dost Scott.

I don't know.

Is that one on the...

Oh.

Is that one on the...

Oh.

This is our black box show.

It's called The Quiet Places and those who heard them.

Is it related to The Quiet Place franchise?

The movie.

I see that you're really trying to find where these might intersect with American culture.

They don't.

They're given to you.

We're much smarter than that.

Okay.

Well, that film stars a British woman, though.

Yeah.

It was created by her and her husband.

You do know a lot about Hollywood in the theater.

Just some of it.

What does this play about, though?

It's an ensemble, cast comedy about people who were locked in a bunker and come out thinking that it's safe, but nothing's changed because of aliens.

Yes.

Okay.

This is very similar, I gotta say.

What do you mean?

I...

This.

There's so much stuff to watch.

So much good stuff, you could say.

And I might have missed a few things.

So if there's some overlap, it's simply not my fault.

The great thing about the theater is it's not all like building up on your DVR or streaming where it's like, oh man, I gotta watch that.

I gotta watch that.

You watch it or you don't.

It's visceral.

It's right there.

You know, you've missed it if you don't watch it.

It could disappear at any moment.

Does that ever happen?

We're just in the middle of a show.

It's just like you guys go, that's it.

Goodbye.

And then you all pack up and leave.

We did it in 2018.

It was called Lost Moments and those who heard them.

Wow, that's very similar.

Similar.

The similar title.

Yeah.

What else do you have coming up?

Uh...

Will this be on the proscenium?

Well, yes, of course we have to talk about the...

This is the main stage, I would imagine.

The main stage was Jingle some Taruso.

Oh, okay.

If I remember correctly.

Okay.

So...

And then the black box was quiet places and those were there.

And then the thrust was the...

And then that's what I'm going to tell you right now.

Oh, I thought it was the sex worker one.

Oh no, that was Jingle some Taruso.

It's called Twink Christ.

Twink Christ.

Wow.

Yes.

Wow, that sounds very dramatic.

It's a biblical retelling.

About a Twink Jesus?

Yes.

Sexy hot.

You should see this actor we got Scott.

A true Twink.

Okay.

Well now, this is...

Brian Braspery.

This is it.

Brian Braspery is it.

Yes, we'll be playing our Twink Jesus.

Famous Twink.

Mm-hmm.

So this is interesting because Jesus has been established in Canon as 33 years old.

I...

But that's when he died.

That's the thing about text, isn't it?

How it gets me screwed over the years?

Yeah.

You never quite know.

So this is like Jesus minus 20.

And where he's a Twink.

Yeah.

And what is this?

Is this about an earlier period in his life or is it?

I guess I must say that like...

I understand that Twink does have a sort of connotation around age, but it can also be an attitude.

It could be philosophy.

Or a body type sometimes.

Yes, yes.

You could be an old Twink.

You could be a fat Twink, Scott.

And wait.

Oh, okay.

And what is this Jesus Twink?

Oh, well, he's just a hot, young, thin man.

So he is young.

Very young.

Okay.

I don't know about this.

So Twink Christ...

It's a...

You're gonna...

Scott...

I'm not gonna love it because I'm not gonna see it.

Excuse me.

I'm not gonna go across the pond to see something called Twink Christ.

Why not?

It does not know...

It sounds dynamic to me.

It sounds absolutely a trick.

What if I taped some seats for you?

What if I put two...

Does that ever work?

Because I've seen people just take the tape off and then sit in.

To me, tape is in penbridge wool.

In penbridge wool.

We have a twinkle.

It's all the time when I was in the theatre.

You've got...

I'm the old couples just lift the tape up, sit right down in the seats.

How do you know that that tape's not for them?

Maybe they will give in a fair for one.

Where's I was saving the seat?

Those were your seats that were taped.

And you saw somebody who's not meant for the tape, tape the tape.

I've got to get you in one of my seats, Scott.

I did, did tape.

Well, tape them off.

I'll take it to you to the theatre.

Tape them off, maybe I'll be there.

I doubt it though.

Any other shows coming up?

I mean, that's three shows.

Literally, every time you ask me, I'll...

There's another one.

Give it to me.

Extinguish flame.

It's a one woman show.

One woman.

Yeah, starring Laura Bond.

Mmm.

She's 70 years old.

Okay, did she write it?

Or is she just starring in it?

Oh, I forgot to mention.

I've written all of the plays.

Did I forget to mention that?

No, you have none of the solo people prior to the Royal English Theatre of dramatic British performing arts.

So how many plays are you writing a year?

I'm turning them out fast, Scott.

I'll be honest.

I'm trying to play a day.

A full-length play in one day.

How long's it play?

Two hours?

Yes, please.

Yes, yeah, absolutely.

Thirty pages.

Two hours is thirty pages, right?

I'm just going to ask.

Don't they say 30 minutes per page when you're doing a...

Thirty minutes per page.

Or are you doing a...

Thirty minutes per page.

Or are you doing a table read or like a pitch read or something?

No.

It's say a minute of page.

It's not thirty minutes per page.

No.

Oh, maybe that's just the British dialect that just sort of rose things soon at all.

I guess so.

So you're just writing...

Are you inspired by a...

What are you inspired by?

The world around me.

Yeah.

Yes.

And a movie called The Quiet Blaze apparently.

Haven't seen it.

Okay, all right.

We'll make it about it later.

So, what is this...

What was it one you were talking about?

Distinguished Flame.

Distinguished Flame, yes.

And what is it about?

It's about starting the fire within.

It's a seventy-year-old woman.

Starting it.

Yes.

I thought it was called extinguish for it.

You can't start something if you don't want to put it out.

Does that make sense?

Those were words.

I don't know if they make sense.

Yeah, I have no idea.

But yeah, interesting.

Look, you have to have a passion and you have to build the passion and the flame has to die for you to want to phoenix the flame.

So, does the play, and I'm just guessing here, and I don't mean to be a screenwriter who's giving you notes necessarily.

I'll take notes.

But is it just...

I love notes.

It starts with this seventy-year-old woman.

Yes.

I'm assuming the flame is metaphorical of her passion in life.

Okay, yes.

You're smart.

Does it start with her saying like, I give up?

It starts with her in a high school, and she's wearing different wigs.

And she's playing all the different people in her school who used to bully her.

The janitor, whatever.

That's called in England.

Yes, the sweep keep.

The sweep keep.

Yes, she's at her educational home.

She's sitting at her desk, and she's playing the sweep keep.

She's playing the professor.

She's playing all the other hooligans in class.

Is this university, as you say?

I swear you've been...

Have you been to London?

Yeah, I told you I went there once.

I was wide-up and paying attention.

I mean, several years back.

I don't know why you would have known I was there.

But, you mean paying attention when I said it?

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

Okay, I thought you...

When you're funny.

It would be interesting if you paid so much attention to anyone who came into the country.

I do like to read the manifest.

The manifest?

Yes.

You've been in England, Dr. Helma?

No.

Customs is awesome.

You've got to come through customs.

Just to see customs.

I've been through other customs in other countries, but not in England.

No, no, it's different.

The stamp is a delight to get on the passport.

No.

It's a classic one.

Okay.

You'll be flashing that around.

It's so good.

He'll tape off seats for you.

Or maybe that was just for me.

Yeah, sure.

Come on, Scott.

Nothing worse than throwing a favor and then all of a sudden having to shell it out to all your friends.

I...

She's not a friend of mine.

She's just somewhat...

I felt like we had a communal experience here on the show and maybe you would offer it to her as well.

If you're kidding me.

Scott.

Wow.

You're...

Yeah, I'll...

More than welcome.

If you want to come to my aquarium, you're welcome too.

Okay, maybe, yeah, sure.

Well, this...

It sounds like you have an incredible 2022 season.

We've got to get you in here.

How many plays are you doing?

Up to 70.

70?

Yes, yes.

I thought two.

We're doing multiple runs.

We're running all day.

If you want to just catch a play on your lunch break, we can make that work.

We have a touring company.

I'd also like...

I'd like to come.

We'll get...

Yeah, we'll get you in there.

Jesus.

We'll get you right there.

How many seats in each space?

Well, the...

The black box has six seats.

That's...

That's two for you.

Well, the thing is, is when people stand, it's a really warm experience.

So you can get about 13 to 17 people in there.

Okay, and it feels like a hundred seats.

How much are the tickets if it's only six seats?

72 dollars.

Well, I...

Queed?

Well, yes, thank you.

Sorry.

But you'll take dollars?

Yes, yes.

Okay.

The dollar is strong.

Yours?

Yes.

And how many seats is the main stage?

The main stage is 69 seats.

So...

Hey, high five.

Come on now.

All right.

I don't know.

Well, look, a very...

I guess we never got to how COVID affected your business, but it sounds like we're in the red.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, it sounds like you would be there regardless.

But Barry Bunbuster, Barry Ball, Barry and Jiggy.

Happy 22 to you.

What did I say?

Happy 2022 season to you.

What?

Thank you.

It would be...

Proustvres.

I hope so.

I truly hope so because we need the theater to be out there in the same way we need aquariums to be out there.

We need the mind to be not trapped inside the skulls.

What am I saying?

We needed to be out there learning things and to be out there, you know.

All right.

What am I saying, Barry?

Let's go to commercial.

Okay.

All right.

Helmut, you have great instincts.

Can you stick around, Barry?

Oh, absolutely.

All right.

It's okay if you need to go.

Yeah, we have...

No, no.

What the fuck is this five?

I don't know.

What is this five?

Are we...

I don't know.

Are you came to me?

You came for me.

I don't know.

You've got a twinkle in your eye.

You started it, I have to say, but then you were very defensive.

Well, you started it because you took advantage of me, Scott.

The minute I said it, I regretted it and then asked if it was okay.

It's not.

Okay.

Well, what if she comes as my guest?

Hey, hey.

You've solved the problem.

Okay.

Would you like that?

Oh.

What?

To go to England with me?

Yes, yes.

Yes.

I'm not asking you to marry me or anything.

All right, look, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we have a small business owner.

We'll be right back with Dr. Helma Plinkton.

Barry Bunnbuster, Barry Ball.

We'll be right back with Bork Company, Bang Bang.

♪♪♪ Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

Of course, Dr. Helma Plinkton is here and a aquatic specialist.

Yes.

And you've been on your phone the entire time making plans.

I just threw that out there.

Yeah.

I booked us an Airbnb near Charshire.

What do they call those in England?

Airbnb's?

Lump dumps.

Can you book us a lump dump?

I booked us a lump dump with a loft.

And it's walking distance to the theater.

And we've got four dinner reservations just in case one of them cancels out.

Oh, for one night.

Oh, okay.

Maybe we could eat four dinners in one night.

That would be fun.

Love it.

They're all 15 minutes apart.

How soon is this happening?

It's tomorrow.

We're leaving tonight.

Oh, we're leaving right after the show.

Oh, gosh.

Okay.

All right.

Just in time for opening night.

For which show?

For Flame Extinguish.

Okay.

So that's the one that we have to see.

It's singwished Flame.

We have to see the 70 year old lady playing the...

That's Age of Scott.

It could be a ransacking good time.

It could be.

That's Barry Bunbuster, Barry Ball, of course, the theater owner.

But let's get to our next guest.

She's a small business owner.

Please welcome My Lean.

Hi.

It's so nice to meet you.

It's really nice to meet you.

I'm really happy to be here.

You didn't give us your last name.

I assume maybe you want to be anonymous, much like Dr. Plinkton over here originally wanted to be.

Oh, no.

I can't give you my last name.

My last name is Dog.

Dog.

Eileen Dog.

Okay.

It's dog with two G's, but it doesn't really matter.

Oh, yeah.

Like Snoop.

He's reading it.

Yeah.

I say great to have you.

It's so nice to be here.

I'm really, I'm really excited to be here.

I, I work in the dog food space.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Did you get interested because of your name or?

No, it's actually like a total, hilarious coincidence.

Whoa, tell us about it.

I mean, that's kind of all there is to tell.

I like work with dogs.

I, I, I, I run a doggy daycare.

I used to run a doggy daycare and I'm transitioning into the pet food space.

I have a company that does, you know, human grade food for dogs, which I know is like, right, kind of an emerging market, kind of like a new, you want to give your dogs.

Well, in fact, I think we've advertised some of them on the show here.

It's food that your dogs will love.

Yeah.

The same is like, if you had to eat dog food, you, you'd eat it.

Right.

Exactly.

You know, I have a golden, I, he's my absolute.

Gold retriever.

Yeah.

Okay.

Um, Lyle has a golden doodle.

Oh, yeah.

Do you know, that actually is, I, and I, if I had a golden doodle, I would say golden doodle.

I wouldn't just say golden.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So, so in the dog sphere, when you say golden, that means retriever.

To me.

Yeah.

And Lyle has one?

Yeah.

He has a golden doodle, not a retriever.

Right.

That would make him likable.

So you have a golden retriever.

Um, and my golden retriever is having, you know, all of these health problems.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry.

It's okay.

He's really good now.

Um, and so the vet was like, you need to feed him, you know, like maybe try like human food, not all this processed food.

But this is like, like meat.

Well, that's how it started.

The doctor was like, you know, give him like a sweet potato or like a piece of chicken.

And like, I was doing that and my dog just seemed like really, um, sad.

He was like frowning.

He didn't like it.

Like doing a paw thumbs down somehow.

Well, he doesn't do a paw thumbs down because he doesn't have thumbs.

Do you have you ever seen a dog's hand?

Um, I, look, I refuse to go.

My dog is always like, my eyes are up here.

Okay.

Well, if you ever want to, you take a look at your dog's hand sometimes.

They don't have thumbs.

It doesn't really have a thumb.

So, but, but the equivalent, if they had, if they were, if it was important enough to them, to try to communicate, Hey, this, I'm trying to give this a thumbs down.

Would they not do the whole paw down?

Well, I would think that would be more like a pointing.

I would think that would communicate like, look, Hey, look at this.

Yeah.

Boy, I've never thought about that.

Yeah.

The dogs can't do a thumbs down.

They can't, they just can't communicate that.

No, but other than the frown that you mentioned.

Yeah.

I can, I, you know, my dog, he was like frowning.

He looked really sad and noise.

Like, um, you like this?

What do you call, what do you call farts in England?

Fuffs.

Okay.

Fuff noise.

And so anyway, I just, I was eating, um, you know, what I kind of normally eat.

I was eating like a broccoli chitter soup and a bread bowl and I was like, In a bread bowl?

And you eat this every night?

Well, not every night.

Yeah.

But it was especially.

On Monday, every Monday you have a bread bowl.

Yeah.

Where do you get it?

Well, sometimes I get it at Panera and then it's sort of getting expensive.

So I make it myself now.

Out of, out of like a loaf of bread or?

Yeah.

I, I make a loaf of bread.

Like a slice lo, oh, you make a loaf of bread.

I make a loaf of bread.

Cut it in half.

Scoop out the middle.

I don't cut it in half.

Oh.

I cut a small little sliver off the top and scoop out the middle.

Just scoop it out like a pumpkin.

Yes.

Exactly.

Poor soup in there.

And you have that every Monday.

Every Monday.

Unless I'm out of town, then, you know, I, I have to kind of improvise.

I try, but.

When you're out of town, you try to improvise the bread bowl?

Sometimes.

Yeah.

Depends.

You know, like you can get like a burger bun and put.

I guess so.

Yeah.

Like a brioche bun or something like that.

Yeah.

Exactly.

And just pour some cheese and some broccoli on it.

Yeah.

That sounds good.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you were eating this.

Yeah.

My dog looks so sad.

And so I thought, well, why does he have to eat this kind of like.

Boring.

Kind of like, I don't know.

I don't like sweet potatoes.

I don't like chicken.

And so I gave him some soup in a bread bowl.

He was so happy.

Over the moon.

He was so happy.

He was smiling.

Smiling.

He was smiling.

Omen mouth.

Smile.

They say sometimes that just means your dog is hot.

Like they can't, they don't actually smile.

Is that true?

Homa?

You're a scientist.

I mean, I mostly deal with fish.

Yeah.

Fish.

You never know what they're thinking.

A lesser, I mean, a lesser acting out, like little bitch.

I've certainly been called a dog once or twice.

And I can say that's true.

I don't think that we're talking about what you're talking about when you are talking about being a dog.

But okay.

So the dog loved it.

He loved it.

And that's where you got this idea to start your business.

Yeah.

Right?

Exactly.

Just like food, human grade food for dogs that is not.

That's not the typical.

That's not like just meat and stuff like that.

Yeah.

It's like a tree.

It's like a, like, I feel like if, like why shouldn't my dog get to eat the foods that I like the taste of?

Yeah.

Chocolate cake oysters.

Chocolate cake for breakfast is Bill Cosby once said.

I don't want to talk about him.

He's a very interesting person.

Okay.

Yeah.

And alumni.

And alumni of what?

Of the future.

He used to be an actor.

Yes.

Well, that was when Chester wasn't charged.

Oh, okay.

This is the 60s or, okay, interesting.

So what are the types of meals that you serve?

I mean, you're obviously a very enterprising woman who makes her own.

They own bread bowls.

So what do you, like, what are you marketing out there?

Yeah.

There's a soup line.

A whole line of soups.

A French onion, a clam, chowder.

Do you eat anything other than soup?

At this point you've only mentioned soup.

Yeah.

Okay.

Like what?

I eat macaroni and cheese.

This is all I've got.

You would find on a Panera menu as well.

Yeah.

I love Panera.

Okay.

I actually, I used to constantly eat at Panera and then.

Is that because it's close to you or?

No, it's actually not close to me.

How far away is your Panera?

The closest Panera to me is 40 minutes with no traffic.

Okay.

Oh, that's too fun to go to a Panera.

Well, I was going every day late at night or early in the morning to beat the rush.

So what else do they, what, you eat macaroni and cheese and soup?

Macaroni and cheese, soup.

I love like, when I'm having a treat, I love like a double eggs.

I love like clams casino.

You know, it's like a clam with sort of a kick in it.

It's like a, it's a hot clam dish.

It's like a clam with a little meat, a little pepper.

I'm supposed to eat like hot food like that.

Like stuff that's in the mic.

They get sick.

They do get sick.

My dog has no more fur.

Oh.

But.

That's bad for a golden retriever.

No longer golden, I would imagine.

Well, pink, pink, pink sort of brown and pink.

But my thinking is like, I don't feel awesome after I eat like, you know, ice cream sundae, you know, I like, I have like exactly, but like I'm allowed to choose.

Yeah, give, give your dog the choice.

So it'd be interesting if you put like your food there and a chicken breast.

Yeah.

What they would choose.

Yeah.

And my dog will always choose ice cream sundae.

And then immediately just get very sick.

I love for my dog, diarrhea.

So how, how is this doing?

Are you, are you selling a lot of meals or?

No, not yet.

Not yet.

I think there's honestly like a really big stigma against like feeding.

Yeah.

You know, like pizza.

Pizz.

Clams to your dog.

And I just, I'm, that's why I'm like trying to get.

You talk about the clams a lot.

Why love clams?

Clams casino.

You know, I love it.

I, because it's, I mean, you must, do you, they're from the ocean.

What do you think about?

Do you eat fish at all or is that too close to home for you?

I can't.

Can I ask a quick question?

Yeah, please.

What do you do with the bread that's not in the bowl?

It seems like you're going to have lots of bread ways.

They have fruit ons.

Yeah.

Um, I'll make, I'll usually have it for breakfast the next day because it's like a small sort of hot size.

So Tuesday morning.

Yeah.

Tuesday morning.

Hot size, do you say?

Hot size, PC bread.

You just sort of pull me back a, a ward of bread.

What, what, what, how do you, how do you think it's hot sized?

What?

Okay.

Well, a hat is like a small piece of fabric you put on your head.

Yeah.

Occasionally.

I mean, if you're talking stovepipe like old, honest, aid war, I mean, it's, it's very much smaller than that.

It's like a small, it's like a, like a, like a, like a, like a, like a kingle.

Like it's smaller than a kingle.

It's like, if, okay, it's like, if you took your base, you're wearing a base spot.

It's like, if, usually we play bigger than a bread box, but now we're playing, never playing what size of hat is this bread?

Oh, it is.

Okay.

Imagine your hat.

I'm imagining my hat right now.

I can't see it because it's up there.

Okay.

Imagine it.

You, you all can see it.

Okay.

I'm imagining it though.

Yeah.

Okay.

I imagine if you took a saw or a pair of scissors like in the movie saw.

Um, yeah.

Yeah.

And, um, cut off the brim and cut off the sides of your hat.

Which sides?

That's not a flat side.

Well, there, but there's like flat sides.

We see flat.

There's flat sides.

It's round to me.

It doesn't look flat.

It's round with a brim.

There aren't flat sides.

No, there's flat sides.

I'm not wearing a square cube hat.

Well, it's not like a flat piece of fabric.

There's like side so it's shaped like your head.

I feel like you need to draw it.

It's like a, I'm trying so hard.

My hat is like a bread bowl in the sense of it's a, it's a sphere with a, with a little scooped out.

Yes.

So then imagine if, okay.

Okay.

I have to say this in a different way.

Imagine if you took your hat off your head, forget the song, erase the sign.

Okay.

Put it upside down.

Yeah.

Cover the part that's not a hat.

The, the empty, the empty head part.

Yeah.

The place where you put your head.

Make it smaller a little.

An inch on each side.

You've lost after the sixth step.

You lost me.

Yeah.

You're a scientist.

You understand.

You must understand what I'm saying.

I have no idea.

Oh my God.

I'm so sorry.

I'm sorry.

We don't mean to gang up on you, but I, I just don't think that the, the, the stuff you scoop out of a bread bowl isn't hat shaped as far as I know.

Inlet.

For me it is.

If a hat doesn't have a brim, is it a hat?

Well, yeah.

But it's a cap.

That like, yeah.

A hat without a brim is a cap.

Like a Shriners cap or something.

Or a phese.

A phese.

Okay.

That's 70 show.

I guess it is kind of like a phese.

Okay. So I like basically put my phese of bread in the oven.

I get it warmed up.

I put a little like butter and jam on it.

And that's my Tuesday morning breakfast.

But I don't know why we're talking about what I'm eating.

I'm not trying to sell people food.

I'm trying to sell.

But do you give that to your dog?

No, I give my dog a three egg omelet with bores and cheese and chives.

Oh, baudane cheese.

Yeah.

Bored didn't know bores and cheese.

Excuse me.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

That's, so, so you're not, you're not.

It sounds like business is bad.

Yeah.

Currently.

Yeah.

Currently.

Yeah.

So I've been at like out the farmer's markets.

I'm not going to get too sharp tank with you, but how are your sales this year?

Well, I've snuck a couple of my prototypes into a pet co.

I'll bring them all like sort of like.

That's the thing is is like people don't notice you sneaking things into pet co.

Well, exactly.

Usually they're like, Hey, are you taking stuff?

I'm not going to get out of pet co.

But it's like why you can break into a jail really easily because they're always worried about people getting out.

Exactly.

They're worried about you taking the food out, not bringing new food in.

So I had a couple prototypes.

I've been like, my main prototype is the deviled egg because it's small, you know, so you can make a bag of deviled eggs.

And I had, but I've been putting my packaging currently as a dog bowl and Saran wrap over the dog bowl because I figure it's easy.

People can like just put the dog bowl out, take the Saran off.

That's smart.

One, two, three.

You've got to really be aware of the single use plastic.

Yeah.

You really need to look out for that in this.

Also, I have a plastic bowl.

The bowl is metal.

Metal.

The Saran wrap is plastic.

It's like you're spending a lot on packaging.

Currently.

Yes.

It also seems to be like I would be worried that people would be buying this just to buy the bowl and throwing the eggs away.

Well, that I was concerned about that.

The eggs do, they, the bowl smells like the eggs.

So you can't you.

Oh, because of how long?

Yeah.

But people, people just don't, people like don't seem to want their dogs to be happy.

They want their dogs to just like jump and like have a full coat of fur.

This doesn't sound good for the dogs.

I got to say, I mean, your dog, this sounds like torture.

I almost want to call animal control on you.

You could.

I don't know where you live.

I do know it's 40 minutes away from a Panera.

So if I were to go to Panera.com and see, you know, how when you click on it, it's like locations, I would probably find whatever place in the United States of America that is exactly 40 minutes away from any Panera that would probably be where you would live with.

Yeah, with with no traffic.

I was going to tell you where I live, but it seems like you're now trying to get me shut down.

So I, I'm actually not.

But where do you, but, but give me a hint.

Um, okay.

It's warmer than Alaska.

Mmm.

Many places.

There's many places.

Almost everywhere.

It's colder than Hawaii.

No.

Arizona.

Oh no.

Wait, is it Hawaii?

No, it's not Hawaii, but it's not colder than it.

It's not colder than Hawaii.

So is it Arizona?

What are the hottest?

The hottest states are what?

Arizona.

The Mojave desert.

Mmm.

Texas.

California gets pretty hot.

It does.

It does, but yeah.

Yeah.

Valley.

New Mexico.

Yeah.

New Mexico.

If we guess it, will you tell us?

Texas.

I really don't want to, but now I feel like I have to.

Yeah.

Texas.

Is it, is it in Texas?

No, Louisiana.

No.

Is it bigger than a bread hat?

Is it the shape of a, of a hat with flat sides?

Okay.

Um, let me try to think of the shape of this state.

It's, um, Utah.

It's like a hat.

Is it shaped like a tech deck ramp?

A tech deck ramp.

What is that?

A tech deck is a finger skateboard.

Oh, uh.

Why did you talk in Tennessee?

I was actually thinking Nevada.

Oh, okay.

Well, what am I thinking of the Tennessee is?

Is this like that thing you put on your finger when you're in the hospital?

A Chinese finger track?

No, but you don't do that in the hospital.

When you'll be the interest.

If you're trying to have fun, you might.

No, when you have the technicality pulse.

Yeah, pull saw.

Yeah, pull socks.

Yeah.

It is Nevada.

It's Nevada.

Yeah.

I knew it.

You're in Las Vegas?

Yeah.

No, no, I.

So 40 minutes away though.

Maybe.

Yeah.

But there's a lot, but I won't tell you.

I won't tell you.

Vegas.

It's a bit of a penera.

Yes.

Well, I, I lean.

I, this doesn't sound so I, I'm afraid for this reason I'm out.

I can't endorse.

I can't endorse this.

I, I don't think dogs should be doing this.

The owner of a dog should be having the self-control to restrain the dog from eating things like this.

So unfortunately, you're not going to get the CBB bump.

Well, I, I feel sorry for your dog, I have to say.

Because they, because I control them.

Yeah.

That's actually my next play.

I feel sorry for your dog because I control them.

Really?

Yes.

With Roger, Akon Steyer, starring as the dog.

As the dog is, as the titular dog.

Yes.

Is it a one man show or is there, are there more than one?

It's about a 55 person ensemble cast.

Okay.

Because it seems like that by the title, the dog can't just be the main thing because it's someone who's feeling sorry for that dog.

It's about every single person a dog's touched.

In his whole life.

Yes.

So a dog is touched only 55 people in their life.

Emotionally.

Not the Scott.

Sorry to disappoint you.

That's my, that's my, that's my.

Powerful man.

How many people do you think you've touched in your life?

Which way are you asking?

Just purely, just purely human being that you've actually touched.

I would think you would.

Physically touched?

Physically touched.

I would think it would be in the thousands.

Right?

I mean, just shaking hands with people.

17K.

Probably 17K.

Well, I have to shake the audience's hand after a performance.

You do?

Yes, of course.

Do you like high fives like at the end of a game, right?

Yes.

We do it in a five or a half.

Our cast passes each other.

And then the parents come out and they do a tunnel and then all of the moms have owned slices and get rid.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

I don't know.

I mean, this must be for Twink Christ with the young cast.

Okay.

Well, guys, we're running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

If you want to share your plugs, I know it's the past for us.

And if you want to, if you need to, if you have to, share on your plugs.

Oh, very nice.

That was Charles Whitborne with share your plugs.

Fantastic Charles Whitborne.

All right, guys, what do we want to plug?

Dr. Helma.

Yes.

Plinkton.

Yes.

Formerly Prinkton.

Yes.

What do you want to plug here?

Well, every Sunday we quilt together.

I thought it was once a month.

I have a rotating group.

Oh, yes.

So you're in four to five different.

Yes.

Interesting.

There are five Sundays a month.

So whatever Sunday you're available, if you are in the University of Arizona area, let me know.

Okay, great.

How many quilts do you make a year?

Just one.

Oh, just one.

Just one between all the groups.

Yeah, it takes a very long time.

Wow.

Okay.

Also, there's a new show coming on HBO Max starting on March 17th called Minks.

Minks.

I said in Los Angeles in 1972, and it's about the first ever erotic magazine for women.

Okay.

And this is spelled M-I-N-K-S or M-I-N-X.

M-Y-N-X.

Nope.

No, just M-I-N-X.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Minks.

Yes.

And you're interested in this show?

She's a saucy little girl.

Who is a saucy little girl?

The Minks.

Oh, the Minks are.

Oh, okay.

And who is...

It's not Minks like fur minks.

Like you would make a Mink fur.

Different.

Right.

Different.

That's a good show, though.

Is this a new word for you?

No.

I don't think so, but I'm just fascinated.

Like, when I think about a show, I go like, oh, wow.

Like, it's set at a Mink factory.

No, the name of the magazine is Minks.

Got it.

Who else is in this show?

And where are you interested in it?

It stars Jake Johnson as the porn publisher who comes together with Ophelia Lava Bond, who's playing the feminist publisher.

So two pornography.

One pornography, one publisher.

And there's a woman named Lennon Parm who's playing the sister of the publisher.

Okay.

And I'm a fan.

You're a fan of Lennon Parm?

Yes.

I've come across her once or twice in my personal life.

Yeah.

She's also a big sponsor of the Midnight Zone.

Oh, really?

Her and Pam Greer.

Does she have a similar ranch somewhere?

She doesn't have a ranch.

Just a simple three bedroom.

Well, when you're third banana on Minks.

Yeah.

Can't buy their ranch.

Never sex on the call sheet.

Never say really.

So all the way down to six.

Yeah.

But at least in the top 10, that's right.

Yeah.

Hey, I wouldn't kick it out of bed.

Great story lines.

Yeah, I bet.

Well, Minks, when does Minks premiere?

March 17th.

Streaming on HBO Max.

All right, that's 13 days later than the Batman premiered in theaters.

Okay.

All right.

And Barry, what would you like to plug?

Of course, I have to plug Chestnut, Chesapeake's Royal English Theater.

He still has the branding.

It is technically his name.

Like Crypto.com?

Yes.

In 2024, it will become the Barry Bunbuster Barry Ball.

Yes.

I would also like to plug, I've got an exclusive plug.

This is the first time this is ever being plugged, Scott.

Whoa.

Hey, hold on.

Yeah, everyone prepare yourselves.

Maybe you want to sit down or something.

You never been plugged on any other show.

Crazy.

All right, what do we got?

Jacob I Socky and Asan Williams have a new podcast called Never Heard Of Them.

It's on the Flagret ones Patreon and it's a music podcast where buds are talking tunes and showing the friends music that they don't listen to on the regular.

And it premieres April 7th on the Flagret ones Patreon.

That's incredible with Hazen Shahn over there.

Yes, the Hazen Shahn boys.

Do they ever drop the act?

Ah, you know, I haven't met them.

Okay.

I don't feel like I've met the real them either.

Yes.

You know, the masks we wear.

Yes.

Comedy tragedy.

All of the above.

Are those in every room at your house, those comedy and drama masks?

Yes.

Tattooed on my ass cheeks.

I love them.

Yes.

Very funny.

Very.

Is there something about it that I connect?

I love when you're in high school and you go over to someone in your drama classes bedroom and they have those comedy and drama masks?

It lets you know what they're about.

That truly does.

Yes.

All right, Eileen Dogg.

What do you want to plug?

Well, I think you know.

I want to plug my business that you hate.

Yes.

And I'm going to offer a rebuttal saying please don't buy any of this.

Okay.

Well, I think people can make their own decision.

Okay.

And I think we know who they'll trust.

The person with the dog who's happy.

Okay.

The hairless dog.

Yeah.

The pink gold.

And then I'm like really looking forward to this show on Peacock called Killing It.

It comes out on either April 11th or April 14th.

I'm not positive.

Oh, but you can find out pretty easily probably if you get the Peacock app.

So about 38 days or so after the Batman premiere?

Yeah.

Well, exactly.

Yeah.

Okay.

And what is this?

It's called Killing It?

Yeah.

It stars Craig Robinson as a man who kills snakes for money in the Everglades of Florida.

Oh, for money.

Who pays him?

Other snakes?

The Florida Fish and Wildlife Commission.

Okay.

Yeah.

So there's not a snake assassin on behalf of other snakes.

Not yet.

But maybe he's using the show.

I haven't seen the show.

I assume not.

Okay.

Based on the promo, I think that's not the key.

Promotional spot is what we call it.

So that's coming out.

Yeah.

It's coming out.

Cool.

Yeah.

All right.

So look for that on Peacock.

Wonderful.

Anything else to plug or is that it?

Just take a look at take a stroll to Petco if you live, you know, in 40 minutes away from Las Vegas.

From Las Vegas.

Give me a direction.

I won't.

Okay.

No, you're going to try to shut me down and I am not here for it.

But I promise that I am not lying when I say I will try to shut you down.

Where are you?

I was trying to confuse you.

Do it.

These are not the joys you live with.

Okay.

I want to plug.

Go head on over to CBBworld.com.

We have some great stuff over there.

We just put out an episode of CBB Presents with Randy Snuts doing his call in show.

That's a great show.

I just watched Legally Blonde with Ellie Woods and that's on Scott Hasn't Seen.

And we have episodes of this book Change My Life with Lily Sullivan and we have Andy Daily Podcast Project which has bananas for bananas.

So much stuff going on over there.

And of course the archives and live episodes of this show.

All right.

That was patience and space with beautiful closing bag.

That was like something off of Yeezus or something.

Wow.

Amazing.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Dr. Helma Plinkton.

Yes.

Good luck.

I mean, I hope that look Lyle sounds like a real dud.

Yeah.

You know, a nephew for a few more years at least.

Yeah.

He may kill himself some in some weird incident.

Not intentionally.

Not on purpose.

No.

I think, you know, he may be an accidental death because he's not not really all there.

He's not careful.

Is the eye the only thing that's that's come out of him over the years or?

He lost.

He lost a whole chunk of flesh.

A whole chunk.

Yeah.

Which chunk is it like a he's almost like a bread bowl?

Almost like, you know, where Jesus was stabbed.

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

Yeah.

I represent that in Twink Christ.

Yes, he gets he gets shanked, but not with what you think.

Oh, okay.

I don't know.

Is it a penis?

That's what we were all thinking.

Doobitably.

So it is what we think.

Yes.

Okay.

Go on me.

Yeah.

Eileen dog.

Yeah.

I would say good luck, but I wouldn't mean it.

Thank you for not lying to me.

And Barry.

Yeah.

So great to meet you.

What a trip.

Well, speaking of trips, I think Dr. Helmer.

Tonight.

We're leaving tonight, right?

I guess I can't wait for you guys to come check out all the cool stuff tapestry mind.

A patient admittance.

What is it?

Gumbo strong.

These are all the shows.

Yeah.

Just getting a couple more out while I got most drawn.

Just a last minute squeeze.

Gumbo.

Wait, that's a show?

Last minute squeeze.

It takes place in an orange Julius right before closing time.

You didn't even know they had those in England.

Yeah.

What do they call those in England?

An orange Julius?

Yeah.

A pump and dump.

Pump and dump.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.
