♪♪ Can't handle the heat then stay out of the Michael Mann criterion collection.

Oh God. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Side of McGee at Side of McGee 2.

Huh, I wonder if this is Side of McGee's burner account.

He's creeping up on Twitter thoughts.

They'll never know it's me. I'm Side of McGee 2.

Thank you Side of McGee, catchphrase superstar, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

Backyard era continues. We're never getting out of this backyard.

I'm never going back inside.

I'm never going back indoors ever, ever.

Get out the SPF when you listen to this because it is going to be hot.

We have a great show. My name is Scott Ocarman.

Coming up a little later on the show we have a babysitter.

That's very exciting. And we have a concerned citizen.

Okay. That sounds like two types of people who would be on this show in the backyard era. But this is amazing.

We haven't had a celebrity on the show for, I feel like since the backyard era began, no celebrity wants to tread out here other than Anders Holm, who came here twice, came here the day before mistakenly, turned around, went home, came back the next day. But speaking of babysitters, she was famously a babysitter to a man named Bill Hader, who is the star of the show that she co-stars on. The premiere of the third season comes out April 24th, I believe. You also know her as Janet from The Good Place.

Please welcome back to the show Darcy Carden.

That was amazing. That was amazing. All from memory.

That was, I mean, I wish, you know, I get that this is just for people's ears, but if they could have seen my face, that was beautiful.

You were applauding me. I loved it.

Yeah, that was beautifully done.

King of the Segueists.

Yeah, you really are.

Speaking of segues, let's talk about what you want to talk about.

Well, I do want to say one thing.

Okay. So in your intro, I hope it's more than one thing.

Nope. It's one and then I got to go.

Then you're done.

Okay. Got it.

How do you feel like my voice is, first of all?

Sure. I love it personally.

You should be an actress.

Okay. So in the opening of this, you said the backyard era can something.

You said like the people you could go like you could rewind and let's go.

The backyard era can like can continue as far as continuing.

I'm not sure. Yeah.

I feel like I can.

Yes. And backyard can.

The backyard era can now.

Let me tell you something. Yes.

My maiden name is Eric and Eric and you just said it.

Whoa.

The back.

Yeah. It sounded like you said my name.

The back.

That's so crazy.

If my name was backyard, it would work.

Backyard, Eric, can the back.

If you said up next is backyard, Eric.

I mean, I guess Eric and is my last name.

I'm not Eric, can.

Yeah. You're an Eric, can not an Eric, can't.

That's right.

And don't you forget it.

But anyway, that was, I don't, I, it's a weird thing.

It's a weird thing to like, let's talk maiden name, shall we?

Sure, please.

Can you imagine having a maiden name is strange to change your name.

When I, and by the way, I want to put this out there.

So there's no confusion between us.

I'm married.

Just in case you thought this whole thing was like some sort of, yeah, a set up for a lure or something like that.

It seems like a bit of a like a bachelor-esque date back here.

But when my wife, there was no question for me.

I'm like, no, just keep your own name.

I know he's so weird.

It's very bizarre.

Now here's the thing, because we've already even discussed this.

In the minute I've been here, Eric and, Eric and, Erokon, Erokon, Erokon, it was constantly mispronounced.

Constantly mispronounced.

Okay, I said that.

You were looking to get out of that.

Whoever was coming my way.

I was like, what you got?

And Darcy Carden sounds so good.

Yeah, oh man.

I mean, it's a really good stage name.

It's almost like you changed it just for show business in a way.

It almost is.

Wow.

I specifically remember many at night being, you know, introduced at the good old upright citizens brigade in New York and people just saying, Darcy, not even getting to the last name.

Darcy, I'm not going to even try.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, so I was happy to.

How was it not pronounced because you told me that, but how was it spelled?

E-R-O.

I'm out.

Okay.

I see that.

I don't even want to see anything else after it.

Yeah, it's always Erokon.

Erokon was the main mispronounced.

But it's Eric and.

Eric and.

I know.

You guys Turkish people?

They say things a certain way.

Of course.

I do think that though more people must accidentally say your current name.

Yeah.

Hand me those card card.

Hand me that card and.

Yep.

And you go, huh?

Wait me?

Hand you me?

Is it my turn?

Or maybe they say like, let's go out to the garden.

But you know, G and C.

Let's go out to the cart.

Like if they're from Chicago.

Yeah, Chicago.

Like, hey, do you want to go to Medicine Square?

Garden.

Exactly.

And then I'm like, am I Madison Square?

What's the.

It could get really amazing.

Are people sitting in me?

Yes, exactly.

Exactly.

Are people playing basketball on my tummy?

I'd allow it.

But anyway, so that's.

Anyway, it's a weird, it's a weird thing.

It's a weird thing.

But but but but but yes, keep your last name, ladies.

Keep your last name.

I people know you as that.

Yeah.

You know, like every once in a while, someone from high school or beyond will reach out to me.

I don't know what that means.

And and they'll have some like weird name.

I'll go like, I don't know who you are.

I don't want to know.

I don't know.

And I don't want to know.

I don't want to know.

I know.

You've changed your name.

We'll change all of your friends.

Exactly.

Because I'm out.

Yeah.

Darcy, it's wonderful to have you here.

It's kind of loving it.

I spoke about Barry, the third season of which is coming out.

Fantastic show.

On the Home Box Office network, where you can get movies at home.

And primarily, that's what that channel is for.

That's it.

It's to receive movies in your home.

Yeah, that's it.

Living room theater.

But every once in a while, they branched out.

Back in the, I believe the 70s, they started making stand up, hour long specials.

Yeah.

And then in the 80s, I believe they started making shows like Dream On.

And Arles was in the 90s, or Arled Dollar Dollar is for now.

Arly?

Arly Dollar Dollar.

And that has led to things like the hour long Emmy winning drama, The Sopranos.

And then fast forward a couple of years, you have things like Game of Thrones.

And a couple of years, you have Sex in the City.

And then you have Sex in the City, the movie.

The movie.

Doesn't have anything to do with it.

Keep it off, Agent P.F.

We don't want it on.

We don't want it.

We don't want to see it.

We don't want to smell it.

But suffice it to say that confluence of events, that very interesting, strange, like if the butterfly effect happened, you wouldn't even be here.

You wouldn't even be born.

But a little show called Barry came out of that whole multi-decade saga, where suddenly this big company owned by Warner Media, HBO, is paying a lot of people to make a half-hour television show called Barry.

Yes, we got there.

I love it.

And it's coming out of the third season.

Thank God.

I don't think it's been on the air for years.

I don't know.

No, that might be right.

I think that's right.

That's why I love about HBO is like they'll just go like, oh, just chill.

Just whenever you in the mood, let's do it.

Not during the Mr. Show years that I worked there.

They said no.

No.

Because it was like every year you had to do it.

And that's why they quit.

Because it was like, do you want to do a season five?

You got to start right now.

And they were like, nah.

I want to take a vacation.

Yeah.

They could have just like chilled for two years.

They could have pulled a Barry.

We were, let's see, we had all the scripts for season three, all the scripts before the pandemic.

And the week scam, dammit.

Scam, dammit.

Yeah.

The week you remember the week, the week that everything went down.

Oh, I remember very well.

We did a show.

People can go back and listen to it.

Please do.

Uh, I remember Sean Distant came wearing plastic gloves because we thought that's how you got it is by touching things.

Exactly.

And those gloves dissolved by the end of the show.

And then I believe I also took the subway, strangely enough, to go see a movie.

Do you have a week in LA?

In LA?

Yes, I go.

Yeah.

And I remember like going, okay, as long as I don't touch my face, I can touch this pole to, as long as I don't touch my face until I go to the, and my hands were black by the time I bought my theater tickets.

And we went into the bathroom and scrubbed our hands.

Saying happy birthday.

Oh no, you get it just from being around people and breathing.

We didn't know shit about dick.

About dick.

About fuck.

No.

My God.

That week we had two table reads for Barry season three.

And on a Wednesday, we all, it was like, so in my mind, LA sort of had this week.

Who wants to talk about this?

Not me, actually.

I actually don't.

Do.

Okay.

Oh, no.

No, but I do want to hear this about it.

Because I love juicy backstage showbiz details.

I love juicy.

Right.

Okay.

Juicy or the better?

Yeah.

Okay.

I'll make it juicy.

Make it sexy and juicy.

Okay, okay, okay.

Um, so Henry Winkler.

Oh man.

Now you're talking about language.

So, um, um, um, you know, I just saw like a flash of something and I was like, are you going to heaven?

Just like a little flash.

Wonder what it was.

Okay.

Um.

That's what that happens in the backyard era.

It does.

You know, when you're in the studio, you're not seeing flashes of anything.

No, but this could have been something from nature.

Sure.

Somebody walking from nature.

Exactly.

Um.

Someone teaching their children how to act with flashcards.

All right.

So in this week in LA, it was like, it was the, basically everything went down on a Friday.

It was like that Friday night was the day that, or that Friday day was the day that everybody was in the museum store.

I had a meeting the Saturday, uh, at a restaurant.

And my friend and I who are going to the meeting, we were like, we're not going to this meeting.

Yeah.

And everyone else did.

They did.

And we went on, we went on Zoom on like they, on our, on our phones on FaceTime.

But that was like sort of an, no, we weren't making fun of this.

Yeah, exactly.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I remember the, that, that week was like the, what, what are we doing?

The Wednesday, we did have an in-person table read and everybody was sort of like joking around.

Like, should we hug?

Like, everyone doing the funny elbow touch.

Exactly.

I love those, those months.

There was like, you know, hand sanitizer at every single person's little, uh, table.

Um, but then the cast went out to lunch afterwards and we all were in the same car.

Yeah.

Like it didn't.

We didn't know.

No, exactly.

No.

Um, and then by that Friday, just two days later, they canceled the table read and then, guys, we just filmed the season a few months ago.

What?

And did, did the scripts change at all or, uh, so for the better or for the worst?

For the better.

Oh, okay.

But whatever you're like, they stink now.

No, they're great.

They're great.

Wow.

Boy, boy, boy.

Are you going to like this season?

Oh, I can't wait.

You know, uh, Bill, I love Bill.

Uh, uh, man, you used to babysit for you.

You're a lot like Lauren Lefkis in the sense of like, you went from babysitter to star.

Uh, uh, star.

No job in between.

Yeah.

Babysitter loved being a babysitter.

Yeah.

Loved being babysitter.

And really, um, you know, babysat for, for that family quite a lot.

Yeah.

My, my move as a babysitter, as like a, like a struggling actress babysitter, was to babysit for a million families so that nobody would like ever rely on me.

So I could say no, you know, all the time.

Right.

Like, oh, no, I have another.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Right.

Um, but then I sort of like fell in love with their baby who is now a big girl.

Right.

And, um, I dumped all my other families and I just was with them every damn day.

Wow.

That's so, I mean, it's always really interesting to me to be a caregiver to a child because it's not technically your child, but in a way, if you just walked off with it, who's gonna notice?

That's right.

You know, I guess the parents maybe.

Yeah.

You know, but are there, are they really that good of a parent?

If they've left a stranger with a kid.

That's right.

And I'm a stranger.

Yeah.

Exactly.

I know there were, I, nanny cultures wild and like, you know, sometimes if somebody would mistake a child you're watching for your own baby, you could kind of like play pretend for a moment.

Right.

And I did that.

Really?

So people will come up to you and say like, oh, what a beautiful child.

Oh, when did you have, like how, I don't know, like kind of stuff.

I'm wondering, I wonder, I'm wondering.

I'm one.

I'm sitting here wondering.

Oh, what you're wondering about.

I wonder like, what's the furthest I ever went.

I don't think I ever like.

Did you ever just like buy a mission, never say like, oh, and by the way, I'm not the parent.

Like you were just like, oh, she's, you know, a year three months.

Yeah.

Was it a difficult birth?

Yeah.

And that's what I'm trying.

I wonder if I ever like talked about my own pregnancy that didn't exist.

Right.

Yeah.

Liled man.

I maybe did.

How was it on the like, like, how was it six months before she was born?

Oh, my stomach kind of hurt.

You're just talking about like when you ate a bad tuna sandwich.

It's not a lie.

Yeah.

Well, and then you got to know Bill really well and he and you also were performing at the UCB.

Right.

He saw you be a great performer.

Oh.

And so he put you into this dang show.

Yeah.

And here it is three seasons in and you're back.

I kind of wondered if you were back and you are.

I'm back.

Happy to be back.

It's like, I mean, I guess.

Is everyone back?

Who do we got?

We got people.

We don't got everyone.

No.

Well, Kirby.

Kirby.

You're enthusiasm?

I love my cubby.

Wait, you want to know if she's back?

Yeah.

I don't know if I can say.

Okay.

But I'll tell you one thing.

Please.

She was on set every day.

Interesting.

Yeah.

That sounds like one of those cryptic things of like you had like a statue made of her.

And she's just like sitting around watching everyone.

It is.

I am being a little cryptic.

Well, this is it's a great show.

Yes.

I love Kirby so much.

She's one of my favorite people in the fucking world.

I love her.

Okay.

She's big for me.

Sounds like you something you have to say because the press is going to come out saying that everyone hated her because she's not on the new season.

So, okay.

Interesting.

Can you imagine that being like her story is like her career dies because people hate her because she's not in the new season of TV?

Well, it's a great show.

I love Henry Winkler as well and the nicest person, people, at least to me.

Really?

To you as well.

Yeah.

He was kind of like a I feel like when things were at their darkest in the pandemic, he was a real like light for me.

He's a he's a you know, he's got real dad energy and he was like a he would do a lot of like random calls and FaceTimes that maybe in normal life he would be like, I can't if random FaceTimes come on.

I'm not picking up.

Not maybe not Henry, but you know, like if someone just calls you randomly my god, but it was always so welcome.

We we would kind of check there was a while where I was like, I think I'm talking to Henry more than anyone else in my life right now.

Right.

It's really nice.

That's so nice.

He he guest started on the comedy bang bang TV show, did a very funny sketch.

And then he officiated a wedding for a friend of mine and I didn't expect no one knew that it was doing it suddenly he walks out.

He's the officiant and everyone just like applauded.

My god, what a perfect I mean, what a perfect aficion.

So great.

And then I went up to him afterwards.

I was like, hey, Mr. Winkler, I know you probably don't remember me.

But and he goes, Scott, nice comedy bang bang comes out on April 24th.

I'm looking so forward to it.

Oh my god.

What a guy.

He fucking rocks.

I love him.

Okay, I'm going to tell during the pandemic, the Barry text chain was really popping, especially because we were like supposed to.

I hate all I've done is talk about the damn pandem.

That's okay.

All right.

I haven't seen you since.

I know it's true.

That's true.

In three years.

Yeah, that's true.

Not three.

Okay.

Don't you dare say sorry.

Okay.

Me and Brandon Scott, John's Brandon Scott, John's and I were on.

I don't know who either of you are.

Yes, you do.

Other people were on.

I feel like we, okay, Chris, Chris, Chris and Chris, a couple was on.

Oh, good.

Right before.

That has nothing to do with you.

It doesn't.

Continue your story.

Okay.

So there was one day that the text chain was super popping.

And I was in the middle of making banana bread, which was a weekly event, you know, for all of us.

But for me, especially.

And daily for me.

Yeah, truly.

I mean, the absolute weight I gained.

And you know what?

It's great.

But Henry said something like, who do you got to know to get some banana bread?

And I was like, you know what?

I'm going to do something really funky and fun.

And I'm going to get in my car and drive over to his house, which is a good, you know, across town.

And drop off a banana bread on his doorstep.

And it was a really fun day.

And he talks about it all the time.

Yeah.

So nice.

I'm really nice.

I was making cakes and I made cakes for a bunch of friends.

I liked doing that.

It's so nice.

Okay.

Helicopter alert.

Hey, it happened to sound.

No, we don't have to hold it on.

People are used to it.

It's green.

People are used to it at this point.

Okay. They love it.

Yeah.

It's really, wait.

It's really nice to make food for people.

It's really nice.

I would make cakes for people and then learn lab because it was just too far away.

Yeah.

No, but see.

And she's like, hey, I want a cake.

I'm like, nah.

I know.

But this will be the last thing we say about the pandemic.

The absolute last.

There was no traffic in the beginning.

Oh, it was a dream.

It was a dream.

So driving from the east side to the west side that would usually take listeners out of the area, it would take an hour.

This is going to take you a good 18 minutes on a damn pandemic day.

Oh, it was like Christmas day.

Every day.

It was like Christmas day every day.

I loved it.

Santa Claus would come and drop out presents for me every day.

Yes.

I think CoolUp was just trying to keep me sane.

What was your cake?

Like, did you make different kinds or did you have?

Yeah.

Okay.

I made different kinds all the time.

And I made my friend who was allergic to eggs.

Maybe people know him.

Man's so good.

I made him several eggless cakes.

Cute.

But just, you know, I don't know.

I know the things we did.

Everything that we did to just try to keep our spirits up.

Yeah.

I remember like very early in the pandemic, just how many zooms you would go on.

Because people are like, we need human connection.

I know.

And I was like, Jesus Christ.

I know.

Now I need human connection.

If you know what I'm saying.

I don't know what you're saying.

Sex?

Yeah.

I get it.

Okay.

Again.

Married man.

I know.

Well, that is some great juicy gossip about Barry.

Everyone's fucked and was always naked.

Yeah.

That's what I want.

You also have a League of their own coming out a little later in the year.

Yeah.

From what I understand.

That's what I understand too.

And that's a Scott As and scene.

So I have no idea even to ask you anything about that.

Baseball.

Is it baseball or softball?

Actually, it's baseball.

Okay.

Yeah.

Good to know.

All right.

I'll file that away.

But as someone who grew up playing softball, it did take me a while to like remember because we practiced a lot.

We did a lot of baseball practicing pre-shooting.

That's such a b- I would turn down roles if I ever had to do something that was like full metal jacket or whatever.

Yeah.

Hey, all I have to do boot camp for six weeks.

Right.

It's like, nah.

Yeah.

Goodbye.

No, it was really fun.

I mean, I guess different strokes for different folks.

You know?

Have you ever heard that?

Um, the different strokes.

Um, um, um.

You and I have to do it together.

What's your duet karaoke song?

Oh, do it.

Do it.

Okay.

There's one that's like, by the way, I don't know if I've ever done a duet and carry on.

But let me just think.

I think it would be the one.

Does it go A, B, C, D, E, D, E, G, G, G?

I feel like there's like a, a Don Henley Stevie Nicks song.

Oh, yeah.

Leather and lace.

Yeah.

I would.

Yodabah.

♪ Don't let it be better, better, better ♪ ♪ Do no ♪ ♪ Dance, dance, dance ♪ ♪ Dance, dance ♪ ♪ Dance, dance ♪ ♪ Dance, dance, dance ♪ ♪ But it even comes ♪ ♪ And the sun goes behind the earth ♪ ♪ Dance, dance, dance ♪ ♪ We gotta do it together ♪ ♪ And we don't do it in that voice ♪ ♪ In that voice ♪ Oh I know.

♪ Okay I'll meet ya there tonight ♪ I'll meet ya there too.

What's your duet song, or do you have one?

♪ Um ♪ ♪ Mom ♪ It is Kois, it is Kois, what?

It is, it is Kois.

It is Kois.

Okay, I'm just gonna leave it at that.

No need to continue.

You can't do that song Kois.

It is Kois.

I gotta try to say always, it says Kois.

It is Kois, oh my God, both my brother-in-law and I both, okay, in the last couple weeks, both misspoke the word grasp and grip and both said grisp.

At the same time in unison?

Weeks apart.

Oh okay, and were you holding different things or was it the same thing?

Because maybe it was related to the- We were both talking about his daughter, my niece's little hand.

Oh, so, cause sometimes you mispronounce a certain word because the following word is hard to say.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure.

If you say, you know, like I grasped a- Like a wrist.

A clasp, or you know, so yeah.

Grisp.

Grisp the wrist, yeah, interesting.

Yeah, Grisp, her little grisp.

Her little grisp.

I said it yesterday and I- That should be her nickname.

Her little grisp.

Little grisp.

Yeah.

Come here.

Oh, God, I love her.

Big shout out to Clover Durn.

How many people do you love, would you say?

Give me a rough estimate.

Okay, all right, love.

Yeah.

25.

25, that's a lot.

Okay, I have a lot of love to give.

You seem like that.

But also I hate so many people.

And don't forget that.

I have to make it 26 and have me get up there on the list.

And I'm not saying I wanna be number one, but I wanna be- You know, anything, anything.

Okay.

Top eight on the call sheet.

Yeah, top eight on my space.

Well, Darcy Carden is here.

It's fantastic to have you.

Thank you so much for coming to the back.

Thanks for making me some.

You are at Arrow.

We do have to get to our next guest though, if that's all right.

Of course, Barry is coming out April 24th or so.

And that's whatever Sunday is- A Sunday night.

A gorgas.

Sunday night, April 24th, I got that right.

A Sunday night for HBO.

What could be better?

You know what I mean?

You just wanna curl up with a big pot of spaghetti.

Just putting on your pajamas.

Good one.

And then an overcoat over that.

A big winter coat on top of that.

It's freezing inside.

And then just watch Barry.

Watch the hell out of it.

And then just like, you know, turn it off and then just stare at the ceiling.

Until 6 a.m. when you gotta get to work.

Contemplate death.

Barry, April 24th, but let's get to our next guest.

She is a babysitter.

You're gonna have a lot to talk to her about.

This is incredible.

She's a babysitter.

Please welcome to the show Emma Simon, Knee Keller.

Hello, good morning.

Good morning to you.

Thank you so much for having me on.

I really appreciate it.

It's my pleasure.

And I hope Darcy will share that pleasure.

Yes.

Well, thank you so much.

You got kids?

I do not.

Okay.

All right.

I have a dog.

Dog, yeah, I have two dogs.

I do that.

Okay, you can do that.

I can sit that.

Oh, great.

I'm in the market right now.

Okay.

You know, it's tough.

You know, it's hard because kids are in school and then they come home and, you know, parents are around.

Yeah, school is like a babysitter that the state pays for.

Yeah, it's like the government babysitter.

Yeah.

So, you know, I'm constantly in the market.

You're out of work.

Well, you know, I got two families right now.

One is a turtle family.

And so I sort of sit the turtles.

A family of turtles or a family that has a pet turtle?

I don't find it funny to joke about the families that I work for personally.

I take that very professionally.

I have an inquisitive mind and sometimes it gets the better of me.

I apologize.

Of course, it is a human family with three beautiful turtles.

Okay.

Sort of a various ages.

And so they sort of have different needs.

And I can sort of.

And one person in the family isn't a turtle.

Like I know you say a human family, but like, is there a daughter who's a turtle?

Again, I feel like maybe you're making light of this situation and I do take this very seriously.

Again, I'm sorry, I just want to be clear.

I beg your pardon.

So it is two human parents and three turtle turtles.

Okay.

And they don't have children of their own, but they have three turtles.

They do have kids.

I am not allowed to be around them.

Why?

Why is, you're not allowed.

Well, it's tough with the felony conviction.

You know what I mean?

It's a little harsh.

You have a felony conviction.

Yeah, which does make the babysitting gig a little tricky sometimes.

Cause you'd be surprised how many people do ask about that and sort of want information.

Well, you, I mean, you offered it up within the first three minutes of your whole thing.

So.

Well, I'm transparent.

You know, I think honestly, I am an entrepreneur for the whole time.

You're the whole timbre.

Yeah, exactly.

So it is, it really is one of those things where I want to let people know where I met and then let the chips fall, what they may.

Where they may just like Herrick Estrada did.

And it fell in his favor back then.

I'm going to have to take your word on that.

Okay, sure.

You look young.

You probably don't know that reference.

Oh, thank you.

How old of a woman are you?

47.

Oh, you should know who Erica Estrada is.

I'm thinking about it.

Anyone over 39?

Yeah, I think so.

You should know Erica Estrada, right?

That's just basic human knowledge.

Well, you know, I have knowledge in other areas.

And so I sort of consider myself intelligent in that way.

Sure.

You can be emotionally intelligent while being dumb as a rock.

Exactly.

And I consider myself neither of those actually.

Okay.

I'm very smart.

What am I dumb as?

That's a human being with a, you know, 120 IQ.

I would say I am dumb as knowing at what point investors are going to start calling the FBI is sort of like.

Oh, yeah.

This is related to your felony.

I'm so curious.

I what we don't have to get into that right now.

Again, you're the person who brought it up twice now.

Well, if we really got to get into it, you know, I'm all transparency, you know, I I'm sort of like any babysitter who gets into the game.

I went to Georgia Tech for biomed engineering and I sort of left to start a startup.

And it was a really great idea.

I think is what people don't appreciate about it.

Okay.

What was the idea of the startup?

It was called Morpheus and it was revolutionizing the way we sleep.

Oh, right.

Okay.

Because what's the biggest barrier to sleep?

Being your phone, your phone, your phone, your screen, your phone screen time, everything like that's not being tired.

I would say.

But Scott, again, I need you to appreciate where I'm at right now.

Okay.

I need you to take this because like if you ask me to go to sleep right now, it's it's 10 30 in the morning.

Yeah, I don't think I could.

I just woke up.

That's I think it'd be really tough.

Have you ever like slept a full nine hours and then someone goes like go back to sleep like could you do it?

Do it.

I don't know.

And I know it seems like he's joking right now, but I think he's deadly serious.

Yeah.

So so this is for nighttime.

So it's so you don't people work in the graveyard shift.

This is not for them.

This is not a product in last.

Well, this would have been the second prototype, but I wasn't I wasn't allowed to get there.

You're going to do one for daytime sleep.

There was going to be one for daytime sleeping as well.

So essentially what it is is it was a what it is.

It was a carbon.

Thank you.

I appreciate that.

Do you appreciate that?

But you don't appreciate what I'm doing.

Scott, I'm trying to explain what the product is.

You asked me a question and I'm trying to explain what it is.

Maybe a carbon steel box.

A blue a carbon steel box where as opposed to being on your phone and having to, you know, look at your calendar and figure out what time to wake up in the morning.

You do want to be a phone at night.

It's one of the apps, one of the great apps.

It is.

I mean, honestly, I'm on that apple.

Me too.

Not necessarily at night for a go to bed, but.

Well, you'd be surprised how many Americans and Canadians and French people are.

And so it genuinely is carbon steel electric cylinders that you place in our box.

You then can manually set what time you'd like to wake up in the morning.

And then a frequency will admit when you're ready to wake up and it'll wake you up.

So carbon carbon cylinders that you put in the and the frequency is emitted by the cylinders and the cylinders which charged the box.

So it's not Wi-Fi at all.

So, you know, your power goes out, something like that.

You can set it for a time to wake up in the morning.

It'll then emit a frequency and you can wake up.

Right.

This is sounding familiar to me.

To me too.

And when you say what is the frequency, can you sort of do an impression of what that sound is?

You can program it a couple of different ways.

So there was one that was sort of like, doing me a phone.

Oh, wait, this is a song.

Wake me up before you go.

Well, you know, that's just an example, Scott.

You know, it could sort of go like beep.

Beep.

OK, beep or something sort of like that.

We had a couple of that was sort of a song as well.

That one.

Is that the pussy cat doll?

Yes, it was.

Thank you for noticing.

Um, you know, see, yeah, this is sounding at all.

They sang a song called Beep.

Yeah, I remember.

Then why did you say it like that?

I just was I was sort of like lost.

And you're just contemplating.

Remember how hot those chicks were?

Yeah, yeah, go ghee.

Never heard of them. Oh, never heard of them.

And you said 47.

I understand the 47 and not hearing the pussy cat dolls.

No, because you would have been ripe, ripe in your 30s.

Yeah, but 30s sometimes, you know, life takes precedence over looking at the hottest women you've ever seen.

Because sometimes they're right.

That's right.

Wait, are we talking?

Don't you wish your boyfriend?

Yes. Yes. Never heard it.

Oh, oh, yeah, interesting.

So, you know, this is sounding to me.

Emma Simon, knee-keller, like a little device known as an alarm cloth. And it's so funny that you say that.

Oh. Because my investors eventually did sort of say the same thing.

Eventually.

At that point, I had spent hundreds of thousands of dollars that add up to millions and millions of dollars sort of on space, mostly.

Because when you're working in Pasadena, you just need to have a lot of good space for people to come in and look at the systems.

So renting a building or something like that?

We rented an IKEA.

Oh, oh my God. Wow.

So how do you rent an IKEA?

And did you just clear it all out?

Well, a lot of furniture there.

Maybe you want to keep it.

And they've already put it together.

So this is the smartest idea I've ever heard.

Did you live there?

Well, you know, I don't like to say that there.

I like to say it was a work-live situation, you know, that's where the creative ideas come.

Plus they have all the meatballs.

Oh, my God, those meatballs.

This is a good plan.

I want to rent an IKEA.

I was just about to say the same.

Well, thank you.

The government of the United States of America did not think this was great plan.

OK.

We entered up.

Congress and all those clowns in Washington, you mean?

It was tough.

It was really tough.

So, you know, I did get busted.

And it was tough.

It was hard.

And so then, you know what?

But I have an entrepreneur spirit.

And so I said I legally bound to pay back 100.

You have to pay all this back.

176 million dollars.

I'm not going to a million.

Going to bankruptcy.

I can't just print a phone.

Just a pride.

I can't add a principle.

It wouldn't be right because I am so confident in myself that I can earn this money back.

You're going to earn it back and then pay it all to other people.

And so you're doing it mostly with through babysitting.

Babysitting turtles.

Listen, it's one family of turtles now.

It's another family with a kid that sort of lives in the walls.

And I'm not sure if he's real or not.

Oh, this is a...

We're slowly building...

What's his name?

I got that movie.

The kid who lives in the walls, we parodied it on my channel.

Why?

I don't even remember what his name is.

A kid who lives in the walls?

Yeah, he...

Not Mouse Trail.

Yeah, I was wondering if this was a Mouse child or a human child.

No, no, this is a kid who...

The family forgot about him or something.

Mm-hmm.

And then he just...

My worst nightmare as a child.

A reoccurring nightmare for me.

That you would...

That my family would have been it?

Well, that just...

Yeah, I guess so.

I guess so.

Yeah, that they would sort of...

But then he'd put like aftershave on your hands.

And he'd be like, Aah!

Yeah, that'll never happen.

I could come and look after you.

Right.

So...

So you're...

So the parents have hired you in case there's a kid in the walls to look after.

Yeah, they sort of have some suspicions.

It's not their kid.

They just sort of...

There's been tales.

Yeah.

So it's right for Mouse.

So let's see...

You seem nervous.

What's going on with your voice?

No, no, no.

I'm...

You know...

Maybe it's because she's drinking comet.

Doesn't it look like she's drinking comet?

That is a joke that won't work at all from...

Well, it's an audio medium, but I think...

That's a reference I understand.

Oh, yeah.

A comet.

Or maybe I'll build it up with a little bit more description now.

Okay, so viewers at home, listeners at home, Emma is drinking out of a, I would say a seven inch tall carbon steel cylinder.

It's very, very tall.

And there's a little...

A little T tag, so to speak, hanging off the string.

And the colors are going to go ahead and be green, yellow, and red.

Yeah, what's the color of the liquid in there?

Because it's...

Is it white powder?

It is white powder and comet.

What cocaine?

But it's...

Whoa!

Liquid cocaine?

Because I have been working 24 hours a day, seven days a week.

Because I don't know if you know this, 176 billion dollars is a lot of fun.

It's not going to make itself.

And so, you know, I'm starting small, but you know what they say, your first hundred families that you get babysitting are the hardest to get.

Yeah, after a hundred, it's easy peasy.

And then it's easy, and then they sort of babysit themselves.

It's like, I always tell people who are like, oh man, I broke this month or whatever, it's like all you got to do is get one WGA gig.

And then...

Pretty much just, you get offered stuff after that.

Yeah, that's right.

Yeah, exactly.

For like, you know, be like a co-star, like what were you on, good place?

You were like number six on the call sheet probably.

Seven, but thank you.

Seven, really?

Okay, that's surprising.

Maybe it was six, I was six, I was six.

Seven on Barry.

So, once you're that high on a call sheet, it's kind of like, yeah, you'll be starring in other shows.

Well, Manny.

Yeah, six.

I feel confident that by 2025, I will be babysitting every family in the continent.

Every family.

United States of America.

Animal, human, ghost, rat, doesn't matter.

Doesn't matter.

So, I want to know...

Losing the walls doesn't live in the walls.

I want to know right now if I can commit to your investment.

Oh, you want to invest in something of mine?

I want you to invest.

You want...

Somewhere north of 40 million dollars...

Oh, wow.

Into this venture.

It's a beautiful house, Scott.

Someone north of that.

And we're here looking at it.

Yeah, I mean, no, it's a gorgeous place.

And obviously, you know, it's very secluded.

You all had to take a mule pack to get up to the last mile.

Yeah, the idea is solid.

I wish I knew where we were.

The numbers are secure.

And I really think that it's going to work out.

Hmm.

I don't think though, as nice as this place is, first of all, I don't want to sell it because I actually live here.

Yeah, sure.

That's an issue for me.

She's not living something.

Totally.

And cool up would be mad.

I feel like she likes this place.

Der, meta.

Der.

Cool up would be mad.

Der.

Yeah, she'd be mad.

Der.

You're married.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah, I'm sorry if I was putting off a vibe.

It's funny.

Oh, that's fine.

I'm married too.

Oh, to whom?

Good job.

Oh, I'm committed.

I took the company's last name.

Would you break up with the job?

If you met a guy that clearly...

You took the company's last name.

Wait, what's the company's last name?

Oh, so...

So...

Keller.

So, Keller, you started a company named Keller.

Have nothing to do with your name.

Why?

And then you took it as a lesson.

I am the CEO and CFO and I did name the company Keller and then I did decide to take it as a lesson.

I'm not kidding.

Show people my commitment.

It shows, honestly, I believe in you.

I appreciate that.

I like you.

This is really nice.

Yeah, like her, but you don't like me.

This is kind of weird.

We have like a babysitter's soul.

It's something...

Oh, two babysitters.

You would surprise you to know I babysat someone when I was...

It would say one very much.

I remember watching the final episode of Mash while I was babysitting.

And what was that child doing?

I have no idea.

Exactly.

Well, look, we need to take a break.

I want to pick back up where we left off when we come back, but I noticed we're running out of time for this segment.

Can you stick around and babysit her to babysit her to babysit her to babysit her?

You're busy.

I'm pretty busy.

Okay.

Can I beg you?

Please, please.

$4 million wouldn't hurt.

Oh, you're playing hardball.

Is that what this is?

I'm just saying, you know, money talks and if you really believe in me.

Bullshit walks, though.

Well, okay.

And that made me laugh, so you know what I'm going to hang out.

Alright, great.

Fantastic.

Alright, well, we're going to come back.

We're going to have more from Darcy Cardenberry, of course.

Right, of course.

Morphe, yes.

Oh my God.

Okay, that is not the name of the product, but I do.

It was close.

Morpheon, I think.

You said Morphe is, I believe.

I believe.

You said I is.

See, this might have been your problem.

I was in jail for a long time.

Oh, my God.

It was tough.

We're going to come right back.

We're from Darcy.

Morpheon, Emma Simon, the Keller will be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang, comedy bang, bang, you know, the song.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Darcy Cardenberry comes out April 24th, a league of their own.

Sometime after that, what else is in the cooker?

What else is in the hopper?

Ooh, I do have another thing in the country.

I know you're out of the country filming something.

Yes.

What is this?

It's a, what is it?

I mean, here's what it is.

It's a movie.

What?

It's a little old shotgun wedding, starring V, Jennifer Lopez.

What?

J. Lo and herself?

From the Super Bowl?

From the Super Bowl.

From so many things.

For those of you who are not familiar with her, she did not play for one of the teams.

Oh, no, I bet she could have.

She could have.

Yeah.

I defiled you.

I was just blocking everyone inside.

You can't laugh at that, but you did not.

I frowned.

Yeah, you frowned and gave me a thumbs down.

And so she's in this movie.

You're in this movie.

Yeah.

You got your, you got your Lenny Cravitzes.

You got your costume elves.

You got your Cheechs.

Cheech Merrim.

You got your Jennifer Coolages.

Whoa, what a stacked cast.

It's a stacked cast.

It really is.

It really was.

When does this thing come out?

It comes out in the summer.

Okay.

I, I, there's, this.

So it'll be hot.

It'll be hot.

Whenever it gets hot, people should expect it to be out.

The temple go up and the theater will.

Stay remain.

Stunning.

Is there a flower girl in the shotgun wedding?

There wasn't a flower girl.

Okay.

There wasn't a, no kids.

Huh, interesting.

No kids in this cast.

I would have put like a, I don't know if they're taking notes, but I would have put like, you know, what's her name from Stranger Things?

Yes, 11.

Yeah, I would have put her in there.

Millicent Bobby Brown.

Yeah, Millie Bobby Brown.

Yeah.

And then maybe put like a Macy Gray in there as well, you know.

Yes, where's Macy Gray Ben?

Yeah.

Because she would play a kid.

Yeah, playing a kid.

Like a little one of those propeller beanies on her and a big lollipop.

Yeah.

Man.

Okay, they fucked up.

They fucked up.

That boy, I tell you, her, her big hit song, if she was just in that video with a propeller happening, licking a lollipop, that would have been so good.

I know, but I think it was pretty good on its own.

Yeah.

Huge hit.

Huge hit, but could have been bigger.

Yeah, could have been bigger.

Did it go to number one?

Don't think so.

Yeah.

Could have.

We also have Emma Simon-Keller.

Good morning.

Good morning to you again.

Great to have you.

And so how long were you in prison?

It's a tight 12 years.

Tight.

When did you get out?

Three days ago.

Oh, welcome.

So gosh, you've lined up two jobs.

Two families.

Yeah.

Wow.

So listen, I'm not kidding.

You have me back one year from today.

Okay.

Exactly one year from today.

Exactly.

There will be no other babysitters in the continental United States.

And how are you going to take care of that many children at one time?

The kids will take care of the kids.

So I will have a family and then that family will take care of a family sort of below them.

It's like a pyramid scheme where basically you're going to meet someone, marry them, have kids.

That word is tough for me.

I know.

That word is tough.

Okay, what a triangle scheme.

A triangle scheme.

The Lakers didn't get arrested when they did the triangle offense.

Okay.

And did they?

Exactly.

Did they?

It's not illegal to have triangles.

Is that a sports reference?

It is.

Okay.

Do you know who the Lakers are?

I don't know sports.

So that's going to be tough.

I believe they came from Minnesota where they're a lot of late.

Is that where they came from originally?

Yeah, Minnesota.

Minnesota where the lakes are.

Where the lakes are.

And then they were like, should we change our name?

And then they were like, nah.

They were like, LA is the first two letters of our name.

So that makes sense.

A lot of people don't know they're not the Lakers.

They're the LA Kurds.

What's a cur?

A dog?

Yeah.

A mangy cur.

A filthy mangy cur.

I love a mangy cur.

Oh, I love a mangy cur.

That's our duet dog.

We got to put that leather in lace gravel in our voice.

I know we do.

A little mangy cur.

Yeah, that's too hard to do, especially when you're in the middle of a show.

So, but it is going to be a triangle.

You're going to have a family.

Those kids are going to take care of other kids who are then going to take care of other kids.

Teaching important life lessons, like responsibility and paying your substantial portion of what you make to sort of the person above you.

Okay, right.

Have they garnished your wages?

So anything you get paid automatically goes to them?

Oh, well, they can find.

It's garnish, right?

You shouldn't be saying you're hiding money.

I'm not saying I'm hiding money.

Well, her eyes did a weird thing though.

Yeah, that face you're making.

Oh, is there anything?

Oh, you happen again.

God, I wish people could see this face.

I know, I know.

This is fun.

It's fun.

I'm not saying it's fun.
