♪♪ If wishes were fishes, I could finally open up my Aladdin-themed sushi chain, a whole new sea world.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ooh, dead silence.

Ha ha ha ha ha.

Well, thank you anyway to Catch Phraser Crane.

I have notes.

AKA Saber Toothache.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I mean, I've heard better.

Hey, wait, is that a...

Shimmy! Shimmy's back!

Hey, Shimmy!

Did you not like it?

I got mozzed.

Yeah, lost in the backyard or lost trying to get out of the backyard.

Oh no!

Shimmy!

Oh, wait, there it is!

Ha ha ha ha.

Oh, jeez.

Wow!

I wonder what he saw.

Ha ha ha ha ha.

The exit?

How was he?

Oh, yeah, I heard him.

He's been here for three weeks, I think, since that Gorley's band was here.

He was part of Matt Gorley's band.

Oh, wow.

Oh, my gosh.

Welcome to the show.

Episode 750!

Buh buh buh buh!

Is all of this gibberish to you if this is the first episode you've ever heard?

I'm sure it is, but, uh, well, I'm sure none of the less.

Most episodes, most people's first episodes are gibberish.

Most episodes, uh, most people's last episodes are gibberish, probably.

Probably.

You know?

You mean like a death?

Oh, Shimmy's back!

Whoops!

Like he did it last way back in!

He was here again?

Or he was mistaken when he saw whatever it was he saw.

I thought you were different people, I'm sorry.

Oh, wait.

So what went around in a circle again?

Wait, did you think you saw and what did you actually see?

I'm not on the exit, but I think it's just a mirror.

Oh, okay.

So you think you look like an exit?

To be fair, Scott's backyard is filled with mirrors.

It just filled with mirrors.

I started attacking this guy, but it was me.

That would explain all the broken glasses on the ground.

Oh, there it is!

Oh, wait.

Oh, he's got it again.

He's gone.

All right.

Welcome to the show.

My name is Scott Ockermann and we have a great show.

Come here a little later.

We have a foreigner.

We'll be here.

Okay.

So that'll be interesting.

Real brave of you.

It's a real brave move on your part.

You know, these days we need to welcome people from all other shores to our...

All other stars and stripes.

All people of all stars and stripes.

That's right.

But before we get to him, I want to introduce...

Our A-block guest.

A-block.

And he's been on the show many, many times.

By the way, this is the backyard era.

It is continuing.

And I'm surprised to get him in the backyard.

He hasn't been in my backyard for many moons.

Many moons.

But he's here now.

Look at us doing the backyard.

Here it is.

What a delight.

I haven't introduced you.

I don't care.

Jeez, manzukas.

Here we are.

Look at this.

Here we are.

Out of the closet.

Into the yard.

Okay.

What a delight.

That's right.

Welcome to it.

What do you think of it?

Gorgeous.

Yeah.

Gorgeous.

It's like...

All the mirrors.

You said...

Yeah, all the mirrors.

Absolutely stunning.

They're all reflecting the sun back on us.

And they're all funhouse mirrors.

So it's like giving you a lot of different body types to choose from.

There's a lot of like inflatable clown stuff going on.

It's very...

You have...

I don't know if you've talked about this in other episodes.

Your house has like a circus kind of funhouse theme.

It's the aesthetic of a children's birthday party.

Yes.

It's what we've been trying for.

Yes.

For a childless couple.

And there are always balloons up up front.

It's really creepy and weird.

The bouncy house.

We live in the bouncy house.

You live in the bouncy house and you say that the big house is for the big kids.

Jay, welcome back to the show.

You haven't been on in months.

Months.

Yeah.

Months and months.

This is my first appearance in the new year, I believe.

It is.

Yeah.

You haven't been on since...

I guess it's only March.

It's October or something.

But what have you been up to?

I mean, obviously...

Just hiding in my house from the Omicron wave.

But now...

Has Omicron waved at you yet and called you over?

No, it has not.

It's...

I'd like to give myself to you.

I found it shouting from outside my windows at times.

But no.

Like the little boy in a Christmas carol.

Yeah.

Like, come on out and play.

Come on out.

I would say we talk about the little boy in Christmas carol more than we talk about...

Tiny Tim, Fred.

Any of the other here, we talk about that little boy.

That's your number one character.

But what as big as me?

Yeah.

We talk about him all the time on this show.

Love that kid.

I want to see...

Where is he now?

Yes, I want it in the carolverse.

Which is...

In the carolverse.

Which includes the movie carolverse.

Of course.

Where is that kid?

Like, I want to see the sequel where he grows up and he becomes a miser.

I would...

You know what?

The carolverse has been like completely...

We've talked about the dark universe.

We've talked about all these expanding universes.

Oh my god.

Dark universe.

I can't wait till they get back to that.

We gotta get back to the dark universe.

We gotta go back.

It's like lost.

The aborted dark universe.

Oh yeah.

Oh no.

You know, you can't even...

You can't even not have the dark universe in Texas anymore.

That's right.

Yeah.

You're not allowed to show...

You're not allowed to develop anymore dark...

Russell Crow is not even allowed in Texas anywhere.

Nope.

A.K.A.

Dr. Jekyll.

Wasn't he?

He was.

I think that's what he was talking about.

Hold on on a plane.

They cut out the entire plane crash.

That's like...

Is that right?

That's a quaint custom that they...

I believe they still do on movies where they will cut out any plane crash because they don't want people freaking out when they're watching a movie on a plane and going like, that can happen?

I think there should be...

I think there should be an option to just watch plane crash movies.

Yeah.

Just fight club.

Yeah.

The one with Jeff Bridges and Rosie...

Fearless.

Yes, thank you.

Saw that in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Rosie, her son...

Bubbles?

Wasn't her child's name Bubbles?

What?

Was it on my lap?

And her child died in the plane crash, wasn't it?

I don't recall that particular line.

Bubbles was on my lap.

Something like that.

I've had some bubbles on my lap, though, if you want to...

I don't explain it.

I had sex with Michael Jackson's monkey.

Wow.

You could have just had it sit on your lap, but you had sex with it.

I was like, hey, why not go all the way with it?

I mean, not a lot of our listeners know you spent a lot of time at Neverland.

Yeah, I did.

Why was a young wee child who was fascinated with a very good singer?

Oh, yeah.

That's how you would describe Michael Jackson, is it not a very good singer?

A very good singer.

One of the greats.

Famous good singer Michael Jackson.

Will you go see the Michael Jackson musical?

No.

I will not.

I can still listen to his records because they bring back memories of a certain time in my life.

Yeah.

You will not go see any new material.

Got it.

Yeah.

I get it.

Well, but although he's dead, so who cares?

Who gets his money?

Sure.

Absolutely.

You know what I'm...

We're doing...

How did this get made?

We're doing Diana the musical?

Oh.

Which I am very excited about.

I don't even know what it is.

It's a musical about Princess Diana.

Okay.

And it is like all...

It's her life, including I think the car crash.

I think it's crazy.

Do they put in the song Dirty Diana in it?

Yep.

The song Dirty Diana is in the musical.

D-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-d-no!

No!

Um, that's...

And you hate musicals, although...

Hate them.

You were talking to me recently off Mike.

Off Mike.

And you said...

Do not reveal anything.

...and to me.

Do not reveal anything.

I tell you off Mike.

Oh, shit.

I'm afraid I'm going to have to because this is...

I hate to sell you out, but...

God damn it.

You said this.

You did not ask for it to be off the record when you...

That's true.

So, unfortunately, I can reveal it.

I need to start saying off the record.

You liked a musical recently.

I thought that West Side Story was good.

I thought...

I didn't like...

I'll be honest.

I didn't like the songs.

I didn't...

I just...

You turned it off during the songs.

But I was like...

It was a beautifully shot movie.

It was like...

I like...

Listen.

I think Spielberg is making incredible moves constantly.

Yeah.

And it's gorgeous to watch.

I did find myself as I do with all musicals being like...

Well, stop singing and just keep telling me...

Just talk.

Keep telling me the story I'm enjoying.

Guys, just have a conversation.

Keep acting.

I don't understand why you're all jumping around and dancing and singing.

Now you are in the middle of something really good.

No, wait.

But what about the songs where they are intended to be dancing?

Like they go to an actual dance.

That was the scene.

Great.

Diagetic dancing?

Great.

Dancing in the streets that people are meant to think is not dancing?

What about the video dancing in the streets with Mick Jagger and David Bowie?

Yep.

Love it.

They're dancing in Chicago.

They're dancing in Dining New Orleans.

Or New Orleans?

You ever see that...

I forget what it was on.

It felt like it was maybe that one of those Broadway-as-back specials or something.

But Jimmy Fallon sang Dancing in the streets.

No.

And you haven't seen it?

I haven't seen it and I don't want to.

And it's now...

He sang it.

I'm assuming doing impressions.

Doing both of them.

Oh, both of them.

Doing both.

He was like, the records playing and bands playing.

And then he was doing the Mick Jagger moves during the...

It was very weird.

But he never said like, he just...

That's just the way he learned the song, I think.

Wow.

Interesting.

Is it not?

That's fascinating.

I guess...

Interesting psychology of a man like that.

I think it's a lot of the show notes.

Just so everybody can watch.

We do a lot of that.

We do a lot of Lincoln in the show notes.

You ever see that movie Lincoln's Lincoln in the show?

Yeah.

Who's that?

It's me, Finn Lizzie.

Oh.

Hey, guess what?

I didn't sing smoking to the boys' room.

I sang the boys or back and forth.

Well, I'm just here to freak it up.

Okay.

Take care of Finn Lizzie.

What I liked about that was that Finn Lizzie took his mic all the way around to his mouth and he did that and in the lead up.

I gotta say, he's too thin.

I watched.

He's like 85 pounds at this point.

Oh, very thin.

I will say, Finn Lizzie has gotten too thin.

Like this is now anorexic Lizzie.

Let's make him car blibsy.

Lizzie.

I loved it, but I did.

I watched inspiration happen.

The mic gets all the way turned around.

This mic is turning around.

This mic is going one is...

This has to happen.

Oh, the backyard era.

Oh, I forgot to tell you guys.

Oh, hey, Finn Lizzie.

I'm now called body positive Lizzie.

Oh, I like my body.

We don't.

We think you need to eat something.

You're body shaving me.

Oh, where is your doctor saying?

It's a fine line between body shaving and concerned.

I'm body positive Lizzie.

That's all you need to know.

Is that what you tell your physician?

Yes.

I also say, the boys are back in town when I walk in the office.

And then I go have a cigarette in the men's room.

Oh, boy.

Oh, my goodness.

Good stuff.

The backyard era.

Well, the last thing is I don't have a perimeter secured around my backyard.

So people are just wandering in and out.

People can just wander in.

And you have an open door policy, much like the studio.

That's the thing.

Well, ever since I started doing them back here, we leave all of our doors open.

Yep.

Smart.

We get no alarms on.

So smart.

The place looks like a fun house carnival ride.

And the thieves can tell from Instagram way about at the house.

You have a barker outside saying, house is empty.

They're in the backyard.

Just a constant stream of children as well, like celebrating all of their birthday parties.

It's like a McDonald's playland.

Playland.

Or funland or whatever it's called.

Yeah, what do they call those?

I don't know.

That's a good question.

Do they copyright that term fun land or play land or whatever it is?

Probably.

You would be like them, would it?

You know what McDonald's?

Oh, you know what a crock.

It's where they didn't invent crock.

Instead, he invented McDonald's.

Yeah, well, I mean, he didn't really.

The McDonald's.

The guy named McDonald's?

You know what he invented?

The farm?

Yeah.

He bought it.

He certainly did.

He's dead now.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

Well, Carson's getting really good now, especially as the generations are not getting the reference.

What do you sound like?

You're basically doing all of your impressions are from the 80s.

They're based on death too.

Like when a person dies, I can do a shit.

That's when you start.

No, I can do the shittiest impression.

And the further they get away from life, the better my impression.

That's when you start working on it.

Yep.

Yeah.

Well, today, you today, when I walked in, you said I'm starting to work on my William Hurt.

Here I go.

God, how did I feel like someone does a William Hurt, but I'm trying to.

What would it be like?

It would be just a boring, like very flat, very high.

See, it'll get better.

Have you felt my body needs at the beginning of the very beginning?

Because he's just passed and we'll see you working.

My state is altered in five years.

In five years, you won't even need the reference.

Nope.

We'll know exactly what we're talking about.

You'll just be able to live in the hurt.

That, of course, we're talking about a person who passed away two weeks ago and a rest in peace to him and to everyone who's died ever.

Okay.

All right.

We should do everyone who's died ever.

You know, then her dying words are about Diana.

Yes, yes.

She despised this very day.

Wow.

Well, this is...

I mean, so then Charles is going to build his own throne.

Is there a sort of a period where no one is king because he hasn't built the throne yet?

No.

I think...

Well, I don't know that's a question.

Could someone with a throne that's already pre-built, like step in and go, no, I'm king.

I have a throne.

I'm here.

Perhaps then I should not have mentioned this because up to now, this has been a complete secret and so no one would have known to get started on a throne.

Yeah, anybody from Game of Thrones could go and get the prop from it.

But it takes about three months to build a throne.

A prop on the throne.

Yeah, I mean, I think at this point, if you got started...

Yes.

You could get in there on June 6 and be like, Well, if you're hearing this, please don't build a throne.

I'm saying...

What's gotten here saying is you could build a throne.

I could build a...

Become the king of England.

I mean, you'd have to watch yourself.

But yes.

Goodness, like, what do you mean I'd have to watch myself?

Oh, because I'm a royal watch.

You're watching myself?

Yeah, you would have to watch your peers and peers.

No, no, surely not.

That's an interesting idea.

What I do is king.

Oh my god.

With all that power.

And access to a spaceship.

Yes.

You'd be head people.

You'd be able to marry whomever you wanted.

Yes, I would.

Yes.

I like your idea.

Well, listen, I don't know if it'll work, but why not?

I'll get started on the throne.

Get started on the throne.

We're not saying...

So as simple as a hobby, it would be...

Wouldn't that be great?

Also, you should YouTube it.

Oh, yeah.

You should do YouTube like, you know, like...

Byron D.

Hey, guys.

So today, today we're working on the base.

You know, if you've been watching the series so far, we've gotten two arms done and we're going to keep working on this base.

You could do a little side like, scepter spin off YouTube.

Oh, what a good idea.

You know, subscribe button.

Smash that like button.

Yes, yes.

Recommend to all your friends and all that is.

Yes.

Yeah, this would be great.

And so when you come back on June 6th or whatever, I'm presuming you'll be king at this point.

Wow, can you imagine having a royal on the show?

Yeah.

Just a royal.

The king of all England.

Can you imagine being credit?

I doubt it would be so good.

It would be the biggest episode you would ever have.

Yes.

June 6th is literally a Monday, so I hope it is.

It is?

Back on then, yes.

I should be back on that very day.

And you'll be king of England.

Holy shit.

I can't believe it's really this simple.

But don't second-yes this.

No, I know.

It's just it's all out of the blue.

I never imagined myself, I mean, I imagined myself marrying into royalty.

Sure, of course.

By the way, how's the...

Well, you were at one point engaged, if I'm not mistaken.

Did you write to someone?

Nearly.

Amelia?

Princess Amelia?

Well, she's not a princess, but I have a sight set on Lady Amelia's family.

Lady, like niece of Diana, and well, there was a duel between me and her intended Philippa.

Well, it was her intended's name.

Oh, we looked it up.

It was the Grizz.

Well, yes.

Grizzwald?

Is that what it was?

His last name is Millard, I don't know.

But he's known it as the Grizz.

Greg Millard or something, and there's these friends calling the Grizz.

But in here, I had a duel with swords.

With swords.

And I did lose, but you know what?

All this time later, they're still not married.

So, you know what I mean?

You know what I mean?

There is something's going on there.

Interesting.

I think, you know, especially if you're king?

Yeah, well, who could resist marrying a king?

I mean, get that information out there.

But I have a thought to challenge him to another duel and get on.

Can you do a redo of a redo?

Well, I survived it barely, but I did.

I think I can.

And I thought this time, this is a bit wild.

You know, this is my...

If they reboot the Batman all the time, you could do another duel, right?

Absolutely.

A duel over?

Yeah.

A duel over.

Up to...

I'm a duel.

You may not know.

The Grizz is for a living.

Wow, look at those birds up there.

Oh, yes.

Do birds like that up in Mary Old England or...

I bet they're all sad and rained on all the time, so they're just like, sopping wet and just like...

Sopping wet birds.

That means something else in England.

Oh, that's right.

Sopping wet birds.

That is what one says.

That was two crows chasing a falcon, I believe.

Why chase a falcon?

Well, because the falcon wants their babies.

And in England, the falcon just gets what he wants.

I think the ravens yield to the falcon.

But I was super bowl last year, I believe.

I think the ravens yield to the falcon.

I think you may be right.

Well, it was...

Oh, yes.

The Grizz.

Do you know what he does for a living?

I have no clue.

It's laughable.

What does a guy named the Grizz do for a living?

He's a water polo instructor.

No.

I'm afraid it's an instructor.

Not even a player.

Well, he knows the game inside and out.

And my plan is to challenge him to a one-on-one game of water polo.

Why challenge him?

Why challenge him at what he does best precisely to all the more humiliated.

Are you...

Have you played water polo at all?

Never in my life.

Oh, Byron.

No, no, no.

But can you imagine if I were to best him at the thing that I'm in?

I can imagine.

I can imagine if the thing that I'm in like the other side of the world.

It's not like they're stacked against you, like, staggeringly stuff.

It's a wonderful underdog story.

I mean, I don't know that I have the time now that I'm building a throne.

This was my plan to train up and get myself ready and take on my...

Here's what I say.

I say, build the throne, become king.

Then you'll have dominion over the Gris, over Lady Amelia.

Would he be one of your subjects?

Could you put him to death?

Well, I don't see why not.

I mean, why not?

Like, you could just take care of this without the duel to the executioner.

I would maybe challenge him to the duel first, see how it works out.

And then if it doesn't work out, your first act as king is to put the Gris to death.

Well, if it does work out too, if it does or it doesn't, I mean.

You don't want the Gris sniffing around.

No, no.

Fucking Impalice.

Oh, gentlemen, this is a wonderful...

This is a great plan.

Do you want to put it out there to the Gris that you're ready to duel?

Absolutely.

Listen to me, you.

He's all the way in England, right?

Certainly.

So hopefully this podcast will reach his ears.

The Gris, you bested me at swords.

I give it to you, you did.

But this time you're going down, down into the deep end of the water polo pool.

Oh.

I will defeat you in your area of expertise.

I hereby challenge you, sir, to a game of water polo for the hand of Lady Amelia Spencer.

Wow.

Well, now...

No, I'm curious, Byron.

You still want to marry Lady Amelia, because prior you were just trying to do that to get on the spaceship in the Netherlands.

But now are you doing it for love?

I've fallen for love.

Wow.

That is a great love story.

Thank you, yes.

Yes, it is, isn't it?

To simply target a woman.

Yep.

Whom you've never spoken to.

Never spoken to.

Just for the benefit of getting off planet.

Yes.

And then to fall for her.

That's like a real rom-com.

That's a Nancy Myers right there.

I agree.

And it'll be a wonderful thing to be telling our grandchildren something.

Oh, it's a beautiful story.

I have no interest in her whatsoever except has a ticket off Earth.

And then I fell in love.

Well, Byron, I have a little bit of a surprise for you.

Now, when I said that the gris is all the way over there across the pond, I was fipping a little bit because I happen to know the gris is whereabouts.

Oh, no.

And the gris...

Oh, dear.

Is actually right here in this very backyard of mine.

I feel that this is not quite fair.

And I wanted to surprise you with him, but is that the gris is musical here?

Please welcome the gris.

Well, well, well.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, dear.

I feel I've been rather shabbily treated here.

In a way.

Well, then you lied to me.

You lied to me.

How did I lie to you?

You told me.

No, you told me he was across the pond.

This is a very unplanned...

This is a man who'd stabbed me in the abdomen with a sore mask.

I meant...

I know I will again.

I meant the pond in my backyard, aka my swimming pool.

Yes, and he was.

He was across there, yes.

I suppose.

Do my ears deceive me?

Or did someone challenge me to a game of water polo?

Well, yes, but not today.

Oh, no!

Oh, polo, in structure.

I've...

I've 31 years of age.

Yes, I suppose.

You're a very good chap, yes.

Guys, guys, we have to take a break, unfortunately.

So I know this is a very dramatic moment to take a break out.

But if I can do breaks, I'm going to break you in half, bar in dentist.

And do, do, do you wench?

When we come back, we'll have more Byron Dennisin.

We'll have more The Grizz, probably a water polo duel.

Oh, my gosh.

Right here.

Right here in the pool.

I'm not ready to do this pool.

I'm coming handy.

How, like, when's the last time you had a good pool duel?

Pool duel never?

I don't think back here.

So this is incredible.

We have more Jay Zemanzuckus.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Jay Zemanzuckus is here from How did this get made?

Are you up to 750 episodes of that?

Not even close.

Ooh.

We do a lot fewer episodes than you do.

I have known you out of the water.

Absolutely.

That is what one says.

And also welcome to Byron Dennisin over here.

Yes, who I am.

Who's sweating?

I am.

Yes.

Prespiring like Prince Andrew Kanoch.

Shaking like a leaf.

What is that?

Well, let's probably get to the grill.

Oh, yes.

What's been going on with Prince Andrew?

Oh, my God.

It's terrible.

Well, you know, Prince Andrew, you're familiar with this.

He was accused by a woman of having sex with her when she was only 17 and assaulting and all this.

A Beatles saying about it.

And he was just 17.

He was like a Jeffrey Epstein associate.

A close friend of Jeffrey Epstein's.

Like his wingman.

Yes, a bitch.

Yes, you may say.

Yes.

And so, well, part of the evidence against him was that another third party said, oh, I saw them together at a nightclub and he was drenching sweat and they were dancing and having a good time.

And Prince Andrew came forward forcefully and he said, no, that can't have been me.

I'm bold interview.

A bold interview.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

He said, I am not, I'm physically not capable of perspiring through down the gondola.

Of course.

That is.

He said he had an identical condition that made him unable to sweat.

As a result, at which point they produced many pictures of him sweating.

Right.

Well, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

This, you're being entirely unfair.

It was a result of the PTSD of having flown a fighter jet during the Falklands War.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, boy.

Ever since then, he was unable to perspire a terrible conflict.

Yes, but of course, he's terribly embarrassed of this condition.

And so, I went out in public on a hot day or when exercising or something like that.

He will have his valet spritz him down with water to make it appear that he's sweating.

And so, those are the photos that you'll do.

Oh, that makes sense.

Yes, it makes perfect sense.

Look at little Byron, that is an acting like, you know, anything about the royal family.

I know everything about the royal family, my god.

I mean, Gris, to be fair, he does know a lot about the royal family.

He figs, he does.

Oh, and then you know more?

I'm inside it, aren't I, dear?

Well, I'm inside.

I'm literally inside the walls.

Lady Amelia's going to be my bottle, isn't she?

Well, isn't it interesting?

You've been engaged for almost two years now, haven't you?

And yet, no movement toward a wedding date.

What's going on there?

I does as I please, Byron.

I does as I please.

Are you sure the lady isn't having sick and forced cold feet and whatnot?

She's having food, thoughts.

I like to engage him again.

What?

First, I like to engage him.

Then I engaged her.

Then I like to engage him again.

Then I said, but dear, we're already engaged.

Then she forgets and says, I like to engage him again.

She remembers the first forgets this time.

Oh, you're quite sure.

I think after all this time, she must be thinking, maybe it's not such a great idea.

How did you engage, by the way, the first time?

I'm sure it was just...

Yeah, well, I don't know, Gris.

Have we ever found out your love story with Lady Amelia?

How did you guys meet?

How did you follow?

How did you guys meet the lady Amelia?

Thank you for asking.

Lady Amelia, no, I met at a disco deck.

Oh, another very modern reference.

It's an Ibiza.

Oh, okay.

Just taking Ibiza.

How long ago was this?

You've been engaged two years.

How long have you been dating?

We've known each other for a long time.

Oh, really?

We were best friends, weren't we?

Oh, wow.

Were you...

Like a when Harry Met Sally kind of scenario?

Friends first?

Or school children?

No, we don't have Jewish people in England.

That's a couple.

Do you mean like when Bertram met Beatrice?

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

The movie that went Harry Met Sally.

Where did you have that fake orgasm?

It's a bit of a catsus deli.

It was an arid.

It went...

It is fake of the orgasm.

An old lady at the counter turned around and said, I say that does look ripping.

Oh, wow.

I should like to be served the same thing that she was served.

How?

So you were friends and then just one night loved bloomed?

One night loved bloomed.

Wow.

We was looking at each other across the pool.

I was instructing her to play water polo at the time.

Oh!

How is she as a player?

She's all right.

Not bad.

Yeah.

Why did she want to play water polo?

I think to get closer to me.

Wow.

To see me with me shirt off.

Yeah.

I get it.

You're very...

Like, you know, you're young.

You have like an incredible body, a swimmer's body.

I'm assuming.

Yeah, you're very wide.

Yeah.

Very wide.

Yeah.

Delt's lats.

The whole thing.

You got those cum debtors.

Those CGs.

You got those UK CGs.

We call them su...

Sue.

Seaman Sue is it?

You do it.

Okay.

The drain right into the tent.

I heard in Australia they go the opposite way.

Oh, yes.

It goes up.

Goes up.

Oh, you know, I made the zig.

We got to get the zero go the show.

We got to get the zero.

Australian version of the Grizz.

That guy is a lot.

You know, the every...

The everyone in Australia is a mere version of everyone in.

Really?

Yeah.

So wait, there's a me there?

No, no, no.

Everyone in the UK.

Oh, in the UK, right?

No.

Oh, here in...

In this hemisphere.

Oh, oh, oh.

I see.

It's mirror images of the whole family here.

Exactly.

Wow.

It's terrifying.

Don't ever go.

So were you guys just like in the pool and you kissed?

Or where was your first physical?

When did you get physical with Lady Amelia?

If you don't mind me asking.

Not until the night of the engagement.

Wow.

Really?

How sweet?

We remain chased until that moment.

But that's not...

You're supposed to remain chased until your wedding day, which of course may never come.

Spoken like a true non-royal.

Wow.

No, no.

Well, you're not a royal yet to be fair.

Right.

I'm closer than he is.

Yeah.

How are you though?

I'm building a throne.

Mm-hmm.

I've built several phones over my lifetime.

Have your life lately?

My first throne I built.

I was five years old.

Even before Lady Amelia, you were just building thrones?

That's right.

I was just building thrones.

Wow.

What do you do with them?

Mostly I give them to friends.

Oh, that's...

Yeah.

I've built your life.

Well, nice none.

Here I've built your throne.

I've built you a throne.

Well, if they're all you sell, right now...

Oh, no, I would happily take a throne as someone who had delivered it to my house.

Exactly.

So then is it really more of a race at this point?

I'm to build a throne, and then he's already got one, and then on the day of the Jubilee, whoever gets into the throne room first is the king.

Don't you see?

What?

If you're not a peer of the realm, it don't matter, do it.

What do you mean by that?

I'll try to do it.

You're just a nobody.

You're one of the rabble, one of the peasants.

Wow.

I'm going to build them to throne and gotten it to the throne room first, and I will be king, don't you see?

Well, if you get into the throne room first, but there's no chance of that, Epony, because you're going to drown during our water polo-dum-dum-dum-dum.

Byron, you look...

Byron, I'm just curious, because I don't know if we've ever gotten to this.

How old are you?

Oh, yes.

58 years old.

That's older.

And the gris is 31, did you say earlier?

31.

Wow.

What?

I take him on in water polo.

This is his...

Why lay down his particular gauntlet?

The whole idea was to have a few months' practice at water polo so that I could humiliate him, but now...

Here we are.

A few months!

Yes!

Would you animate a few months?

I was going to work on it every single day for about three months.

How many minutes a day?

How many minutes?

I'm up to 60.

Every day.

That's fucking it.

That wouldn't have cut it.

Of course it would.

I'm a natural athlete.

Sure.

I'm really...

Anything I'm trying to take up, I do rather well.

Sure.

As all the British are.

Certainly.

Yes.

Badminton.

Look, I think your only hope here is to do some sort of like air-bud situation where you substitute a dog for you or something.

Oh, sorry.

Is that your answer?

There's something in the room?

There's something in the room.

Books.

It says a dog cannot play war bono.

Oh, damn.

That's too bad.

I was born in a swimming pool.

Whoa!

What happened?

What do you mean, what happened?

Your mom just was swimming?

It was all a purpose.

Oh, okay.

That was all a water birth at home.

It was a water birth at home.

And I was raised in a swimming pool for the first five years of me life.

Now that's even more interesting.

How like your home was a swimming pool?

My home was a swimming pool.

Wow.

They would bring me my tea in the pool.

Or one of those little inflatable trays and then push it over to me.

Would it be made from pool water?

No.

This was a car.

You can't drink pool.

No.

I would have seen a swim in Filthy.

You've got a baby in there living in the pool at all times.

You were a Filthy pool baby.

Absolutely disgusting.

You have neither in Britain to be a pool baby.

It's a great status symbol.

I guess.

I mean, is that true, Byron?

Not that I've heard.

It's an absolute noob.

Well, you would.

It's just a scary.

I know all about it.

It's a good thing.

I know it.

What Byron was.

What you don't understand is that we feed you, you people, a certain amount of facts that are not true.

That used to be true before Byron Dennison became a royal watcher and I know absolutely everything.

Everything about the royals and what they get up to.

What's some of the disinformation though that has been seeded out to the public before?

That Diana died.

That's not true?

What?

This is going to change the end of that musical, Jay.

I'm sure you're nonsense.

I was in the tunnel in Paris that very night.

I was in the tunnel.

Did they make a switch?

Did you see?

Yeah.

You were there.

What did you see?

Yes.

I sold the crash.

I sold.

I sold Deathicor.

I did.

You caught the crash.

You were the photographer who was chasing her.

Hey, crap.

You're not supposed to say that.

No, no, no, no.

I wasn't in Paris.

I'll edit it out.

Yes.

But you think you saw a fiery crash.

What actually happened?

Did by any chance you see a woman with Diana's haircut who had a very slender neck and head.

Well, yes, of course.

That was a mob, dear boy.

What are you talking about?

We can't uncoloured a mob, Ed.

Look like Lady Diana.

No.

Princess Diana.

Missy Spencer.

What are you talking about?

It wasn't really dirty, though.

Oh, yeah.

He was.

You're saying we, the Gris, as if you were part of the doing of this.

But my understanding would be you would be maybe four or five at the time.

I just got out of the pool.

I wanted to build my own throne.

Mum said, no, no, no.

First, put this mob in the car.

First, you help us with this.

Wow.

So they're enlisting children in this endeavor.

Children.

You don't understand.

You, you here in the States, you need a workforce of children like we have in the UK.

Yeah, that's true.

Every job that adults do children also do.

Well, I agree with that.

Child doctors, child lawyers.

Yes, yes.

Child pickpockets even.

Yes, even doctors.

Yes, yes.

So this is like something out of the fast franchise.

Is it?

I mean, where there is.

Someone is switcheroo.

Switcheroo.

You think someone's dead, but then they show up five movies later?

Did Dodie think that the mob was Diana or did he?

Was he dating a mob?

Did he think he was transporting a mob across Paris?

If you, if you were paying attention, you probably noticed right before the crash, he did a big double take.

I heard something about that.

Like it was almost a triple take.

It was like the switch was so expert and so quick.

Really?

He didn't know until the last moment.

Wow.

Is this unpleasant?

Is this tough for you to hear?

This feels unpleasant.

Where has she been all this time?

No, no, listen, I don't accept it.

I don't believe it's true.

I think the grieves is being, he's having us all.

And I think it's absurd.

I'm having a laugh.

Are you taking the piss?

I'm taking the piss.

Is that right?

I'm taking the piss.

Oh, so this is not true.

Every one who is reported dead actually is dead.

Oh, that's a conspiracy.

I can clear up.

Oh, nobody's still alive who's ever died.

They're all still dead.

In England and anywhere else?

Everywhere.

Too pork Elvis.

They're all dead.

You can't fake your own death.

Dead.

Yes, with the exception of Olivia Newton-John's husband.

He was successful at it.

He nailed it.

Yeah, but that was Australia.

Who was he here?

Here.

Who was it?

Andy Kaufman.

Yeah, maybe he was the Andy Kaufman.

It gets very confusing whenever there's a country award show and Keith Urban and the Coleman show up in America.

Because then down under there's like the Keith Urban and the co-kidman of America.

Well, yeah, Tim McGraw and Chase will be there.

I think it's Tim McGraw and probably not because Faith Hill is your actors now.

No, it's Brad Paisley and the woman from the father of the Brad's Red House.

Yes, Kimberly.

Kimberly.

Will you?

William.

What if Brad Paisley and Kimberly and Bill Foyle were there?

So they just have to swap really.

They have no choice.

They're transported.

Wow.

They find themselves in Sydney.

Ryan from the Opera House.

Just like Romeo and Juliet.

I was going to say Philip Bigger Hall.

He was in the movie Sydney.

Oh my God.

You mean heartache?

Heartache.

Take a Sydney.

Wow.

Aye, aye.

A movie from not this century.

Nope, sorry.

If you're looking for something from the 2000s, you're out of luck.

Wow.

Well, look Byron, we got to set up.

I see already set up in that across the board.

How many nets do we need?

Just the one?

Is that?

Just the one we'll do.

Listen, I don't know if this is awkward or a strange thing to say, but but the gris.

Will you mind teaching me?

Just play one lesson.

One lesson.

Before we.

That would be sporting, wouldn't it?

It would be a sporting thing to do.

Yes.

I agree.

Very well, Byron.

Listen.

Point.

I shall teach you one.

What a polo lesson.

And after one lesson, I will defeat you in the duel of water polo for the hand of Lady Amelia Spitzen.

Sounds good.

Well, tell you what, do you want to do the lesson while we take a break?

Yeah, or do you want to do it on Mike?

Yeah.

Do I do it on a break?

Yeah, we'll do it during the break.

Okay, so let's take a break.

You can take a five minute water polo lesson.

That's fine.

Just to learn the ruin of it.

Just a three minutes more than I need.

All right, cool.

All right, so we're going to take me that long to get into my bathing costume.

You're wearing a one piece like an old 20s.

Yes.

Okay, of course, I'm wearing a very European speaker.

Yeah, that's a bore out.

It's extremely European.

It leaves nothing to the imagination.

No.

You're welcome.

I allow your imagination to room free.

What could be under this?

There's lumps that I'm not sure why there are lumps there.

There's lumps.

What do they call that band in England?

The Queen!

Oh, okay, what do they call Queen?

The Majesty.

Oh, okay.

A trick to it.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Jason Manzougas, more Byron Dennis, and more than Gris.

We'll be right back with more comedy baby absies.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back.

Jason Manzougas is over there by the pool.

He's refereeing.

Oh, man.

We have, we're completing the lesson over here.

Byron Dennis is in the pool along with the Gris.

Now Byron, I'm noticing that it doesn't appear you really know how to swim.

I thought I did.

What did you think that you knew?

Well, I thought I knew all of the swimming.

I thought I knew how to swim, but what did you actually know how to do?

Oh, I can walk in a pool.

Oh, okay, yeah.

He doesn't even know how to float.

Well, I'm learning.

You're just singing like a snow.

Okay, so that, uh, thus ended the lesson, unfortunately.

That's all the time we have for the lesson.

I think I'll be all right.

I think I'll, I think I'll...

The Gris had to rescue you multiple times during the lesson.

He didn't have to.

He didn't do it.

He didn't know.

No, no, no.

You swallowed quite a bit of poo on it.

He chose to behave as though he were rescuing me.

I, I really didn't need it.

And you chose to behave as if you were being rescued.

Well, choices, choices, choices.

He couldn't, he couldn't have any to do the compressions on your chest.

You were saying any, are you okay?

Yeah, hard time.

And we don't do the mouth to mouth anymore, but I did it anyway.

The final indignity.

The transitive property of kissing is an outrage.

I did not need mouth to mouth your resuscitation.

Not at all.

I'm fine.

Yes, I did get it.

Do you feel like you know how to play water polo now?

Because as you got into your bathing costume, you took off your robe, you, you admitted that you had no idea what the rules were.

Uh, yes, that's correct.

Well, I hadn't taken any of those lessons I intended to, but actually we did, we covered quite a bit in this.

Yeah, so you, you, you tread water and you just.

Yes, I have to get it into the goal over there.

Oh, yeah.

Over the nets and then, and there'll be some treading water.

Yes, which I think I can do.

Yeah, okay. So, so we'll have this at the end of the show.

We'll do this after plugs, I guess.

All right.

That'll be very exciting.

Yes, yes, I think so.

And yeah, I do believe you'll probably write that one of us will drown.

One of us will.

So that's good. That is a, that is a way to like really definitively say like who is going to marry Lady Amelia.

Is this a battle to the drown?

Let's do that. How about it?

I haven't played water polo to the death in quite some time.

Was it, were those like intramural matches that used to play back in your days at university?

What at a time?

Sorry.

University, I say.

Were you in the ancient days, of course, it was played to the death.

Oh, when they first started the, it must be an old, old sport.

It's 10,000 years old.

Wow.

What if they use as the ball back then?

A rock.

It's just a rock.

Any sport now that's played, used to be played with a rock.

And where was it played?

It must have been before swimming.

In the Loch Ness.

Atlantis.

Oh, wow.

The Ross city of Atlantis.

The Lucy of Atlantis not lost to those in the know.

You've been to Atlantis?

Can't say.

Atlantis a city, a lost city because it is now a city of, of royals.

It's, it's, it's like only royals and where, where royals.

If that's what the case I would know it.

Not everything hidden is lost.

Oh, interesting.

I mean, if you can't.

A winks as good as it not to a blind man.

True.

If you can't escape the earth via spaceship, I guess going underneath the, the levels of the water.

Like the, like, remember.

Like, remember the book.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, that would be one way to.

So many things in the ocean that human beings haven't yet to see.

We know more about outer space than we know about the deep, the deepest depths of the ocean.

I had a marine biologist on the show last week and she didn't come with very many facts.

Oh, really?

I have to admit about, about.

Did she talk about the sea fruit fish with the, with the little lion, like, boat?

Oh, that's some crazy shit.

I think that came up at some point.

I see blue planet too.

On the next level.

They're my favorite.

We mainly talked about finding Dory and.

Well, that fit her friend Lyle.

All of the knowledge of the sea is in that film.

Yeah.

And also in the under the sea song.

Yeah.

That's Sebastian the crab sings.

Oh, it's hotter under the water, et cetera.

I have to ask, because we, this came up today.

There, there's some rock and roll Hall of Fame news that came up today.

And you have a tangential relationship to the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

The spaceship is due to take off because of it.

Yes.

The issue is that there's this fellow, I won't say his name.

Yes, we cannot say.

No, we mustn't say his name.

No, and he has some scheme.

Foundable.

No, not quite.

Not he who shall not be named.

No, he has a scheme to have some band, I also weren't mentioned, inducted into the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

And if that happens, it will be sort of the apocalypse really.

The apocalypse will come about.

And that's why people are trying to escape the earth via space.

Yes, that's exactly right.

Yeah.

So this is sort of a countdown to that.

Now, Sean and I was not on the short list this year.

Yes.

And Dolly Parton was.

Right.

But she just took herself out of consideration, which means.

There's an opening.

Oh, there's an opening on the nominee list.

Yeah.

Do you think she stepped aside on purpose?

For Sean, I think she wants it to happen to make room for Sean on.

I don't know.

Do you think she's trying to bring about like some sort of Ragnarok kind of.

I think that maybe Dollywood is a spaceship.

Oh, interesting.

Like that is America's take off as well.

She's America's fucking and palace.

How did you find out?

Wow.

Really?

No, America's royalty will all convene at Dollywood and take off.

Who's America's royalty?

Who do we got?

Who do we have?

The aforementioned Kimberly Guilfoyle.

Kimberly Guilfoyle.

Yes, of course.

Megan, Mark.

I guess Megan and Harry because they're here.

So Mary, Mary, Windsor, Megan, Moggles.

A lot of people say that the Kennedys are the equivalent of American royalty.

Okay.

So Cheryl Heinz's husband.

Cheryl Heinz's husband.

The VJ Kennedy.

Maria Shriver and Arnold Schwarzenegger.

All the greats will be there.

Wow.

What a poultry.

But some good genes in there for breeding.

Harry and Maggie.

I mean, a lot of people are going to want to breed with Dolly if you know what I mean.

What do you mean?

She's quite old.

I suspect she's gone through menopause.

Maybe.

But yeah, I think Sean and Auk had could get in there.

Is that the plan?

I don't know anything about this.

You know, I occasionally get emails from this fellow whose name I would love to be.

What is his email address?

It's just what you would expect.

Oh, yeah.

It's his name at his name.com.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

I'm afraid to.

For me, Doc.

And it's, I bet he has a hot mail.

Yeah.

I almost said it.

Hotmail account.

Harry has a hotmail.

What about mail?

What's up, hotmail?

No, I think it's prodigy, in fact.

But he's, he has a different plan.

He's got a different plan.

Hotmail.

Oh, really?

Hotmail.dog.

Oh, that's right.

He was about to, he was going to try to be a member of Sean and Auk.

Well, I think what we realized at the end of the last episode was because all the members of Sean and Auk had become Tina Turner.

Yeah.

Nobody was Sean and Auk.

So he was going to become Sean.

So if he wanted to, he could become.

Are you talking about Auk, Doug?

Oh, no.

No.

It's one thing to say the name, but if that whole sentence was said, it really would conjure him.

Which sentence?

What's up, hot dog?

Oh, no.

Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude, dude.

Whoa.

Hey, guys.

What's going on?

I don't mean to do this.

You didn't.

You're not seen as though you did do.

Oh, shit, doozy, as the entrance of the scene.

Well, I'm excited.

This is the best time of my life.

I've been hoping for a chance to come and update you guys.

And what's going on?

Welcome to my backyard, hot dog.

It's really nice to be here.

Great to see you again, man.

You brought your skis.

Of course I did.

Wow.

Because I knew you had a pool.

Yeah.

Well, you'll be excited to hear there's going to be some pool action at the end.

Maybe you can get in on it.

Absolutely.

Maybe you could guard the...

Well, I bet hot dog would be a better water polo player than Byron Dennis did.

I bet because he spent so much time in the water.

He's a real water dog.

Check the rule book.

Is there anything in the rule book about a hot dog playing?

I love hot dog.

Oh, hi.

Hey, hot dog, this is the gris.

Have you guys met?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We met as a fellow water sports enthusiast.

Of course we've met.

Oh, right.

There's a big convention every year of everything you can do in the water.

Water in the water.

Everybody gets together.

So anything to do with water.

Anything that you could do in water.

In water.

Yeah.

That is a huge convention.

It's a war on water.

Yeah.

On water.

It's a huge convention.

There's a lot of people that are not going to be able to play.

I don't know.

I'm a little bit nervous.

I don't know.

I'm a little bit nervous.

I don't know.

I'm a little bit nervous.

I don't know.

I'm a little bit nervous.

Yeah, you know, I'm a fan of our love wet treasure. Yeah, this is Byron Dennis did hello. How are you your treasure hunter?

Specifically wet treasure. Yeah, he doesn't fuck with anything. That's like buried opposite of Indiana Jones Desert Yeah, yeah, I know like brock love it not like brock. We'll get a joke This is a good question. Would Indiana Jones chase a treasure if it were underwater? Like what Indiana Jones go to Atlantis?

Yeah, that'll be in the new maybe a video game, right? Oh, maybe I think there was a video game where Indiana Jones I mean sometimes you need something to do while you're going to this what I sound like Pretty close I haven't been made in a while. It's pretty close Every time man Of course Of course So all of you guys get together at the convention absolutely I've I've skied over this guy hundreds of times He's been searching for treasure you've skied over it Oh, one of my favorite things to do is look up at the guys that are doing stuff all the water And like do they know I'm in the water. I don't know if I sound like I sound like somebody When you're finishing playing a video game game over man So gris and hot dog yeah, you guys know each other now hot dog we something came up Oh, and we wanted to alert you to it, but Dolly Parton, do you know the famous big-titted?

country star Have some respect have some respect On to Miley Cyrus God mother or god. Yeah, whatever. Oh, is that right? Yeah, I didn't know that. Mm-hmm. That's cool. Do you know her?

Oh, yeah, I know Dolly Parton. So you know she was up for the rock and roll Hall of Since the nominations. Oh, yeah. Yeah. No, I don't care about those nominations. You don't none of that matters to me Oh, I have a whole I have a whole different angle you guys Last time we were here it seemed like a long shot, but I have pulled it off as far as my target This is what we realized because All of the members of Shana Nah changed their name from Shana Nah to Tina Turner right at that point Nobody was using the name Shana Nah, and we realized that if I Recruited into the new band Shana Nah a bunch of people who are already in the rock and roll Hall of Fame Then Shana Nah would have been in the rock and roll Hall of Fame, right?

Yeah, so who do you have okay?

Well now but we what we figured out though was you you're dreaming not in your dream is to be a member of Shana Nah So it's a real you have to make a Sophie's choice here exactly you can either be in Shana Nah and have your dream come true that way or Shana Nah can be in the rock and roll Hall of Fame, but without you as a member well at this point. Here's the here's the deal I am in Shana Nah So that's why Shana Nah has not ascended yet is because you're a member It's me and a bunch of rock and roll Hall of Fame Who do you have?

I started out I went out to Paul McCartney on bass Phil Collins on drums Keith Richards and Jimmy Page is doing it well yeah, I know now But that's okay because Shana Nah is mostly in a cappella band as a J-M-A-C-Pella But all I got turned down by all those guys. Oh no One reason what was Bruce Springsteen gonna do what was Bruce Springsteen? He was gonna share a mic he was gonna sing He's gonna sing he's gonna share a mic with somebody But now I got Mike Pinder keyboardist of the Moody blues 81 years old Okay, I got Tommy Hunt singer with the flamingos 89 Lenny Davidson guitar for the Dave Clark 5. He's the baby Wow, they're all in the rock and roll Hall of Fame. How does it feel? You're a member of Shana Nah It is wonderful. It's it's the fulfillment of a dream We have not done a gig yet. Shana Nah's next gig is coming up October 30th It's the malt shop memories cruise from Hello ZV Well, it goes all the way from October 30th to November 6th the malt shop memories cruise They're playing it in this can you imagine being on that cruise? Oh, no Yeah, I have to ask you a question. Okay. All right. I don't want to dash your hopes Oh, have you checked to make sure all of these men are still alive?

Because you did in the last hour you did mention Jimmy Page a little bit ago. Is he dead? Yeah? No, he's I'm taking a job on him. Oh, yes. You're right. No, it's hard. Yeah, we do. Yeah I mean that was a big part of it to like cuz there's all these people I wanted to reach out to that are dead So a lot of it was like is this person alive and all these people are Wow Congratulations, I can't believe you got the guy from the flamingos. I know man But I can't believe the Dave Clark 5 is in the rock and roll But here's the thing what's your favorite Dave Clark 5 song we'll go around Clark 5 What is the Dave Clark 5 like the song my their best album is their best up I agree. I agree. Well, there's five of them, but I'm personal to hey Dave. Oh, that's the best one, right? I like it's mr. Clark to you So But yes, this is the this is what's amazing. Tell us I think if I officially withdrew from the band Today the prophecy would come true. Wow. If you were to just vocally on Mike say I resign from Sean on ah, right?

Angels would come out of the sky Everybody would reveal itself the spaceships would take off I mean obviously the American one and the Another one sorry, I thought what do you do in Sean on now?

Well, I do this Before every song Whenever it feels right and do the other guys no Sean on on songs are you forced to sing flamingo songs of Dave Clark 5?

You know what you guys doing nights in white satin like what's going on?

They don't have email and so just talking to them is like relaying messages through their adult children And so a lot of things are not quite known week, but we have until October for our first gig I think it's gonna come together, but I don't know if they know I don't know what they know at this point more committed to following through as a member of Sean on now than you are about bringing about the prophecy At this moment, but here enjoy it. You can do the prophecy at any time Well, but here's the thing what if this version of Sean on ah got into the rock of a whole That's what we tell you. It's a whole hot dog. It's not gonna like legitimately get in yeah With this line of why do you say it's not gonna happen?

These guys have already gotten in yeah, but with bands that had like really that try had real charts success. But Jay At this point in the moody booth nights in white satin All right, right the flamingos the flamingos song. Yeah.

Hey, hey where there is flamingos Super great. This is a supergroup almost at this point You know, so like they they cut the line almost in the rock of all of them. He's cream in the whole of fame cream is a Believe they are yeah, one of the cream deserved to be in the hall of fame probably absolutely No, I Would be yes, I think so because they were there were already rock called members maybe probably one of them I don't think I mean it clapped in for sure, but I don't think ginger baker or Jack Bruce were clapped and stepped down well because he's anti-vax Van Moore's under this BS No more He might be available for the new You might be able to get clapped in right now It's no longer speaking to us. That's a you take a very hard Anti-vax dance in the new shot and I you might be able to get clamped in and then Morrison. Yeah. Oh my god I'd be willing and I'm I got in the vaccine hell no I'm out there on the water on the water You've been the passive. There's nothing that salt water can't cure. That's exactly right Nothing Byron. What do you think about all this?

I Alarming really to think that all this man would need to do is just purely say I resigned from shot on World is but him and him and not me but he would but he won't do it It's so interesting that he in so many ways controls your destiny Yes, true when all of us really yeah, I guess that's true Yes, and if he were only to do that the world would end and it would be too late, you know But you get on the ship. Here's what I'm saying. Okay. Uh Hot dog don't listen to this for it. So go go try out the pool try out your skis if you don't mind Here's what I'm saying. I'm listening to this. Yes, gris. I'm not sure if you shouldn't be but I'll let you It's my plan. It's a secret plan, but maybe you can listen.

I don't know all right. You're dueling This is supposed to be listening. Yeah great. Yeah, you're good. Okay. Okay. Okay. Good. You're dueling gris to the drought Yes, you're in the south to the drought to the ground We've established there's nothing in the rule book. This has a hot dog camp. He's a D. We call that a D Obviously a duel to the drown the D. Yes. Yeah, if hot dogs out of the way. Yes then Our fates are no longer Tied to him. Wait, so how would hot dog be in a way? I could if well if he drowns in this duel How would hot dog do I could nominate him as my proxy?

Now i'm as your second. I could make him. Yes. I make him my dueling proxy, which really is probably for the best Uh, because I have this point where a fair amount of water in my lungs now This changes everything potentially because our dog Has to know how to swim in order to be a water ski. Yeah, and he could probably use those skis In the game. There's nothing in the rule book against that.

No, there actually is Still let me ask you this and this is like a pretty important question. Okay, do we know?

Ken hot dog die I don't know It's a good question to bring up about anyone I feel like we have thought him dead before but that has not been true. Am I wrong who changed his heart or that?

No, that is. Yes. It's really just been a matter of locating his heart Wasn't he shot with a hot dog? I don't remember I don't remember any of the mythology. We had to check the way he had his heart replaced somewhere else in his body That's exactly what happened gentlemen Yep, hi there. I've been lurking behind that palm tree I thought I heard a clip clop of a horse approach I wrote up my horse and the two of us is It's hard to get up this hill. I mean slender horse He needed a pack mule as well to get up here Sure Everyone who do is on the show in the backyard needs to take a horse the last mile of the hill Yeah, but anyways, I just popped in to confirm that uh, yep Well, I shot a hot dog with a hot dog bullet out of a bun gun You just popped in to confirm that that's all And uh, this is just a quick pop just quick pop and I was uh quick confirm quick pop Yeah, I was trying to shoot him in the heart, but he had moved his heart and that's all but he can die He can't okay. You locate the heart. He can die. Okay.

Thank you so much. Salty But I have no idea where that heart is. Oh, wow. Yeah, he's I mean he must move it every hour just to be safe Who knows it might be just always on the move It might just be always moves like lenny kravitz a future rock and roll hall of fame are always on the run But it won't it won't matter if you drown him. I like your plan. Did someone say always on the move Lenny kravitz alimony tony no Lenny kravitz maybe no not lenny kravitz. Who is who do you think it is? Oh, man?

How like peterson that's right the smooth The smooth criminal whoa so many guest stars today. Oh my god the smooth criminal now I can confirm that hot dog has never died, but Perhaps his faked his own death once or twice You've helped him fake his own death owl. Yes, but he always chooses the same identity It's very confusing So how long does his fake death last usually an afternoon What a fucking idiot when I faked my death. I had the smarts to change my name to waltand dillcog I remember the fucking idiot. He never changes name to dot hog Oh My god, so you've worked with hot dog in the past. Hey hot dog come back here. Okay, you can stop practicing Hey, look who it is. What's going on?

It's carla fus city. Sorry carla fus city. Yeah. Hello hot dog. Hey. Yeah. Hey, man. Hey, yeah I gotta fake my own day I gotta don't want to take him money again. No, no, no, no, I gotta because I got into a real fight with the uh water skiing hall of fame down there Okay, poke florida. Let me ask you those guys are coming for me if you die hot dog Oh, oh my god, who's that florida?

We're safe. We're safe. Come on in. It's jw still What's up? Hey jw, jw, jw still water. That's right. I'm a vigilante crime buster. That's where i call myself And I just got off my fan boat. Whoa Well, I don't want to like I don't want to like set two people against each other, but there is also a smooth criminal here jw s Yeah, what you know. I hate crime. I know that's why I bring it up to you. That's my cue Say bye to shimmy on your way I was gonna say hot dog if you faked your own death, you would be out of shine on a oh shit Well, here's a question. This is maybe a question for jw still water because he knows the law. I got time for two more Okay, well good. I only have one If hot talk hot dog go splashing the pool again my dog, but if hot dog dies in this Uh duel to the drown Then every member of shanana Will be in the rock and roll of fame. Yeah, and then everyone will ascend then the rapture or whatever will happen This is a question for me. Yeah, I think so is that I don't have the first idea where y'all talking about You just saying words hot dog due to the drown Shana Is something you should go about?

I mean, I I guess like the band yeah, john bowser valman sure although no longer. I know I'm often know him from uh halloween Matching the match game But but jay, what do you think? I mean, maybe we shouldn't be substituting hot dog in here Because if he dies then suddenly our world is over Well and also like it not enough for nothing I do feel as though This is a duel between biren denistan and the gris and it is for the hand of lady amelia Yeah gris, you know what I mean? Yeah, wait a minute. What just happened?

Am I back in the pool? You're back in the pool You're back in the duel at least. Oh, dear back in the pool back in the duel Hot dog. Come on back. Come on back. Okay. What's going on?

Hey, uh, how's that go?

Uh, yeah, wait You by the way, you parked your fan boat in my pool. It's a fan boat You know, but can you park on the street or something? I mean, uh, it's a fan boat How did you get into the pool by the way from the from the beach? Oh, I did a big jump Like an evil Canadian. Yeah, I crank a fan up Hey, this gives me an idea. What if I was the first guy ever to water ski behind a fan boat?

I mean, it's dangerous. I mean it would blows you as the skiers so hard Anybody in your head chopped off. I know I know if you stop short, I would recommend goggles I'll do it. I mean any car. Let's do it. Let's do it. Wait, who see you guys are leaving?

Oh my god. Is it just me? No, I'm here too. Oh, Dalton still here, but I'm getting on my horse. I'm leaving I think I did everything I came to do Okay, gosh. All right. Well, gris and uh, I'm sorry. Thug Riz.

I beg your pardon. You can call me gris I can't know. Thank you. I am. Thug Riz, but you can call me gris. All right gris. Well gris and uh, Byron Dennis did Yes Are you guys just about ready? I mean gris has been oiling himself up our entire sea block here I mean, is it does that come in handy when you're playing water pool? I'm nice and boy it now I mean, I borrow a bit of your oil should have brought your own. It's a BYO Listen, let's face it the chips are rather stacked against me. I haven't got oil I have several lumps that can't be identified. Also, nobody beats the gris We forgot about it. There is that nobody beats the gris and I'm shocked there isn't a t-shirt Right. Yeah, there should be one. I'm not a very strong swimmer. I'm half drowned Why are you my in short on Saturday night?

Classic Hey, wait a minute could I could I wear a floaty?

Sure Unfloating just one on one arm All right, I'll take it. Why don't you put your a scrawny little neck?

It's not a bad idea at all. Keep my head above water You ever seen those videos like a baby and they put the baby in the pool with some sort of floaty just around its neck So the baby's just like a little head on the surface. I've never seen that but I'm about to do it. Here we are Yes, there's not bad at all. You're not trying to back out of this. Sorry you're buying Not at all. I'm just letting letting the world know what's at stake. You're trying to lower everyone's expectations So when you die people will go like well, he didn't have a chance No, I I'm just I'm really I'm trying to psych myself up into I mean you're gonna be dead in five minutes or so I mean, you know, I mean all right. Well, we'll take that long. I'll be embarrassed Well, we got to do this after after our final feature though on the show if that's all right with you Uh, we just have time for one final feature and that is of course a little something called plug We are running out of time guys. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no Oh, no We only have time for one final thing. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no Oh, no Uh, we're running out of time. Oh, no, no. Oh, no Oh, no. Oh, no Oh, we're out of time. Oh, no. Oh, no. Oh, no I mean it is time for everyone's favorite feature on the show. Oh, no. Oh, no Oh, no Oh, no Oh, no. Oh, no, it's time for a little something called Oh, no Oh Plugs Oh, no All right, by the way, that was Chris Finke with oh, no plugs We haven't heard you guys say oh no at this point. Can we get a no no from each of you by the way? Oh, no Oh, no Oh, no All right good. That will come in handy for future plugs.

Uh, what do we want to plug? J Obviously, how did this get made? Yeah, how did this get made? Um, and we're doing a couple if you're in the Los Angeles area We're doing live shows at largo starting up again. So come on out and see a live show. Why not? It's been so long It's been so long. We gotta see you. It's been a while.

Yeah, definitely a gris. What do you have to plug? I mean Paul left onkins dot com slash live Whoa Finito Finito for the last All right, and you know what I will plug also just because he left Dalton Wilcox has a wonderful podcast called bonanas for bonanza. Oh, yeah, great great show It's a great show. It's fantastic hilarious confusing where they go through the entire episode all of the episodes of the tv show bonanza So that's worth like 435 of them something like that. Yeah, it's fantastic It's see, you know, it's not as good as the deadwood boys, but it's no Very strong Yeah, yeah Byron, I mean it I don't even know what you would have to plug you're gonna be dead soon But you're gonna be Byron dead dead is dead Should I survive I do have a podcast called the royal roundup and we do that from time to time And Should I survive it's broadcast live from the grounds of harry and megan's home. Oh wow. I'm not to see you Uh, but uh, that's really all But I um, yes, this this may be the last you ever hear from Byron Dennis. Yeah, it will be Did I steal your plug if you have another plug you can Who what do you mean? I didn't I didn't want to jump on the the uh bonanza's plug. Oh, no, no, no I've never heard of that. Okay, but I do have my own podcast Okay, good. Yes, and people can find that at uh, cbbworld.com.

Oh, yes. That's right. Okay, great. Yeah, I believe so I guess uh and and that that would be my plug as well And over the will get over there to cbbworld or comedy bang bang world.com and people can get You can get the full archives of this show as well as all of our live episodes Oh, and I'll recommend the bob duke episodes that have come out on cbb presents that are hilarious. Those are great Uh, we also just put out a uh randy snutts show so funny Uh, we did uh, we've been doing on scottass and scene we saw uh legally blonde recently and uh, we saw Sofi's choice with andy rictor and also harry in the henderson's have you seen spencer?

Uh, no, I have not seen spencer. Would you like to see spencer with me at some point? That would be fine I loved his uh his stores with the t-shirts and ah a common confusion What I like about spencer is we all know the story of lady diana. Let's take the story out of it Let's just see her Like she's in a zoo. Yeah, or something. It's really she goes there. She goes. Oh timothy spall showed up All right Changing clothes sure Green side. Yes. Yes. Yes. Uh, so yeah, go over to uh cbbworld.com And if you sign up for a full year, you get two months free.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag Take one hand put it up Take the other Down You're gonna make a box. It's time to start to close it What is this?

Too much or you open up Hello boy We're opening up that So it's just been it's not even you not not you There's doctor sweet chat as well. Okay The rest of the world And open up the blood bag Oh, yeah, that was jar that was jar was barkly Charles lastly a classic jar was maybe that's jar is his last name. Maybe that who knows?

Yeah, jarls barkly with closing up the plug bag crazy Thank you so much to jarls barkly And uh guys. I want to thank you. Uh jay so great to see you. Thanks for coming to the back guard Awesome to have you on the comics next time the 50s will doubt. Well, I don't know that anyone wants to hear that We'll do that in our personal life Uh gris so great to have you a pleasure. You got to come back without this guy over here I mean, we'll be without this guy a pleasure indeed. Yeah, definitely And uh bairen it's been so nice knowing you and it's been such a pleasure to have you on the show low these many years Yes, yes I intend to go to my watery grave as a as a very British man as in a british I'm going to be British about it. Okay. Good. Yeah, you'll you'll have a stiff upper lip You'll be resigned to your fate. Yes, and uh you guys uh are uh uh go ahead and get into the pool Uh, if you don't mind So if we go Complaining about the cold it's going to be hotter in depth Uh, all right. So, um, let's see. I guess uh, I'll do a little play by play here Uh now uh we we all know first goal wins First goal wins and uh, we're going to uh flip a uh, what do you call this coin here?

What is this?

A pound note. Yeah, we're gonna flip a pound note to see who gets the ball first Uh, bairen's going Byron. Yeah, call it in the air. All right, it's uh, the the queen The queen it is the queen you get the ball first Oh, wonderful. All right, very good. Here I go Do your words water Parallel Oh my god, the grizz is the grizz is drowning somehow Where is How did that happen?

What happened?

Oh, thank god. He got tangled up in the net Wait, get put the ball in there Byron, you can do this. You can do this. Just remember that I'm making my way over there Hurry Dang it's round yourself. Oh no Fire's tangled up in the net Oh, I'm in a single up in the net Oh, no They both drowned They both drank jane the air is coming back to life How how could I get there?

Oh my god these I was in Australian heaven. Oh my god. Why am I?

Oh, it's it's what's the anti-grinds?

Richard Harrow from From boardwalk empire. Oh my god from from Australian heaven is cub Oh my god. They're both dead. Oh Dad. Oh, this is awful. This is awful. What has happened here today has been awful Okay, we we we should do I think I can stay and swim You stick stay in swim after we stick around. So we'll we'll we'll we'll we'll cart these guys off All right. Oh, all right. We'll see you next night. Thanks.

Bye Bye.

Bye.

Here Oh You I'm going to go back to the next slide.
