♪♪♪ What were those two birds doing with one stone anyway?

I seem suspicious. I'm glad they're dead.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Okay, interesting.

Oh, by the way, thank you so much to Joey O'Tweats.

Joey O'Tweats for that catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And I gotta say, we are still technically in the backyard, but we have moved indoors.

Because what is this?

Wet day? No, we all know wet day is a week away.

But it is raining. What weather is pounding the Southland here?

And so we had to move it indoors.

Hopefully our streak will continue with good shows.

But if not, it's because we put a ceiling above us.

And speaking of ceilings, we have a great show.

Our first guest has crashed through the ceiling from non-fame into fame, and done so very adroitly.

He has a, by the way, coming up a little later, we have a shoe designer and a novelist, but no one cares about that.

We want to talk to the Hollywood stars, and the stars are back.

That's right.

He has a show on Apple TV plus called Severance.

It sounds like you're going to say something, like something in addition to a show on Apple TV.

He has a show on Apple TV plus a show on Peacock?

That would be great, wouldn't it?

Sure, yeah, I'd take them both.

Why don't you move that a little closer to your mouth?

Yeah.

You don't have to move the entire mic stand, but just the literal actual thing we're talking about.

How much better? I love that.

Talk with me. I love it too.

Can you say every word in the English language?

And we'll test it out.

Okay, I'm going to start with numbers.

Those are all words.

I just took care of those words as well.

But you're saying them as numbers, because you're going to have to repeat them when you go alphabetical.

Right, because they're in quotations, and then I'll say the word versions later.

And by the way, say every homophone as well.

So, homophone?

Homophone, homophone, homophone.

Okay, that's all the homophones.

Thank you.

You said about five of them, so I appreciate that.

That's right.

But he has this show, it's called Severance, and please welcome back to the show Adam Scott.

Hello.

Hi, Scott.

Hi, it's great to see you again.

You too, man.

I remember our old show.

By the way, why are you two news?

Really?

I don't know.

Oh, there's the biopic.

The biopic that is so weird.

What's going to happen in the biopic?

They're going to struggle for two years.

Who's going to be playing incredibly famous?

Who's going to play us?

Seriously.

What if I played you and you played me?

That would be fantastic.

How are you going to get into character?

This is how I'm going to play you.

I'm just going to be constantly jerking off.

Because if they make this biopic, and I'm not saying it definitely all happened, but there is a chance, a good chance.

Pretty good.

I would say 100% chance.

Well, at least at least 101% chance.

It's not 110, which we all know is very standard for percentages.

That's right.

Anything below 110% chance is like a 2% chance.

Yeah, exactly.

But you're saying 101% chance that we're at least in the third act.

That we will figure into the story prominently.

Pretty, predominantly.

Like on the poster instead of you two.

You know, I might actually get more buds and seats.

Oh, man.

What could possibly happen in this biopic?

We did text about this the day it was an iPhone thing would be like the late second act.

Like darting out of the soul for this.

That's right.

No one wants our album on their iPhones.

That's right.

I'm going to go walk you in the rain, soul-searching.

There's that scene like that Truman Show scene that's in every movie where something happens on live TV, just suddenly drop into a bar and then someone's house and then an old man by himself watching TV.

And you see everyone getting the album on their phone and freaking out.

I used to, when I watched it.

And then the two people that are happy about it.

You and me were like, yes!

And you're on a plane as I recall.

You're like, I don't have Wi-Fi on the plane.

I'm going to go to wait until I land until I get it.

That's like our third act.

And then the plane explodes in the movie ends.

The day the music died.

That's right.

I remember when I saw the Truman Show, I was very upset that they kept going back to the same people because it made it feel small.

Same.

And I was like, why not get, you know, instead of keep going back to the same three people watching this thing?

And then I realized how expensive that would be.

But also it's like it kept being a person in their bathtub watching Truman.

Right.

And that's dangerous.

Yeah.

The TV, the electricity mirror.

And it just puts me on edge.

You don't want your audience worried about the old man in the bathtub.

Exactly.

Which is...

I mean, that is a...

I mean, you've heard of Save the Cat.

That's exactly right.

It's your screenwriting book.

It's the old man in the bathtub.

You don't want the audience to worry about the old man in the bathtub.

That's right.

Adam, you...

You're back on Comedy Bang Bang.

Yeah.

It took...

I hope they came out.

Yeah.

Where is he?

How come he's not on the show?

I hope they're not fighting.

I hope they're still tight with each other.

Explain yourself.

Well, you know, well, here truly though, the reason was because I was... when the show came out, I was shooting party down.

Yes.

And we didn't have... we tried and couldn't find a day to do it.

And I have a no pink bow tie rule here on the show.

And while I shoot party down, I wear a pink bow tie 24 hours a day.

Exactly.

Everyone knows that.

Yeah, you were shooting... and how did that go?

Can you give us the first scleary on what... what happened?

Who's playing who?

The scleary on that is that it did not go well.

Really?

Oh no.

Yeah, yeah.

Because I mean, everyone is such a big fan of that show.

It's a bomb.

And it just... like what happened?

Just like bad writing?

Bad directing, bad acting?

The writing was bad.

And we all got together and kind of looked at each other and thought, it's been 12 years for a reason.

Yeah.

That's the thing you guys stopped doing the show because you hated it.

And we didn't like it.

So then suddenly to be back.

We didn't like making the show.

We didn't like each other.

I mean, we were fine with each other.

Like you're fine with each other, but the literal process of making a show, like having a stand in front of cameras and stuff like that, just sounds so draining.

It is.

It's exhausting.

And sometimes you have to wake up early and get in a car and drive there.

Yeah, sometimes you have to wake up at like 10.30 a.m.

They just assume you have a car.

First of all.

Yeah.

It's like, hey, ask me.

I mean, yeah, I do, but I'd love to be asked.

Yeah, it's, you know what it is?

It's manners.

Do you have a car?

Do you have a gas tank in the car?

Does it have gas in it?

Does it have all four wheels?

Three simple questions.

Are there four wheels on it?

That's perfect, a perfect example of the kind of shit that you have to put up.

That's why people get up and slap people at awards ceremonies because this kind of crap.

Weird reboot of the slap, isn't it?

Sure was.

Speaking of reboot.

Yeah.

Now, so party down, not going to come out.

Is that basically what I'm hearing?

You know what?

Unfortunately, it will have to come out at some point.

Yeah.

That's the way it works.

That's another thing they don't tell you.

This is going to be released.

Right.

Yeah, because you would love to have the option of like everyone has a bad time.

You look at each other and go, forget it.

Let's burn this to the ground.

Yeah.

That's not an option.

Anyway.

So when does it actually, when do we have to wash this thing?

I actually don't know.

Really?

It seems like this is like the...

No, I really have no idea.

Really?

No one ever came up to you and said, hey, by the way, Adam, this is coming out in September.

This is going to be awesome.

Nope.

No, not one person.

Not one person.

No, I really don't know.

I think they're just figuring out when they're putting it out.

They're like, hey, clear Labor Day, because we're going to be fucking putting this out.

You're going to gather your family around.

It's going to be so fucking awesome.

Because Labor Day is, you know, the best day.

Famously, the best day to put a TV show up.

Well, that's great.

You have two TV shows.

I remember the day when you had none.

Me too.

I remember those days, like three months ago.

Well, also when you started, because you thought you were going to be a movie boy.

A movie boy.

Design.

Who doesn't love a movie boy?

A TV boy.

The boy of TV.

At first, I was a candy boy.

I thought I was going to be a movie boy.

For people who don't know, and you haven't heard our other show about various bands, Adam started on the Santa Cruz Pier as a candy.

Santa Cruz Beach Boardwalk.

Beach Boardwalk, sorry, as a candy boy.

And you explain what a candy boy is?

A candy boy is literally what they called us.

We were the boys that made the candy at Merrini's.

Still there.

You can go.

There are still plenty of candy boys there right now.

There are candy boys there dressed in white, making taffy and waving to tourists.

Are you in the candy boy hall of fame?

Do they have like headshots up there of like all the candy boys who have made it?

Or do they consider what you've done to be selling out?

And they put up like pictures of candy boys who actually make candy now.

Who made candy boys throughout their lives.

That's right.

I'm persona non-grata.

Do you go there every single time you go back to Santa Cruz?

Every single time.

Kind of like that.

Because I know you're probably incognito and you're wearing a baseball cap and then you'll just slowly lift up the baseball cap and then take off the fake beard.

You're like, guess who?

Hey guys.

It's me.

And they just continue making candy.

So candy boy to hoping to be a movie boy but then kind of going like, well, you know, Krampus and all that.

But hey, TV boy is where it's at.

Now two TV shows.

One of which is called Severance.

And the season finale of which comes out this week.

That's right.

And Severance is about the age old question.

And it's not how do you separate work and family?

Yeah.

It's a very, very, it's that question we all.

I stay up all night thinking about.

Sure.

All night.

Yeah.

Family work.

How do you keep them apart?

Even the words are so similar.

Family work.

They rhyme.

Yeah.

I know.

So it's hard to say one without saying the other.

You can't.

Oh, it's just too, it's too hard.

It's too hard.

I have to go spend time with my work.

I mean, my family.

I'm going to go put my work to bed.

I mean, my family.

I'm going to bring my work on vacation.

I mean, my family.

It's just the things that we all say every single day on and on.

And so finally, when someone else, and I don't know, I don't want to know who, but when someone wrote this show, you must have been like, whoa.

Yeah.

That was my only reaction.

And then whoa.

Whoa.

Yeah.

I can only imagine.

And the next thing I knew I was on the set making it.

But they asked about the car.

They asked about the gas tank.

They did.

Yeah.

Okay.

They did.

They said, do you have a car?

Does it have four wheels?

Does it have a gas tank?

Is there gas in it?

And when all of the answers to those were no, they said, okay, we'll buy you a car.

We'll buy you a gas tank.

We'll buy you four wheels.

And put gas in all.

That's right.

So now Ben Stiller directs this show.

Does he not?

Now I gotta ask, did he have that jizz in his hair from something about Mary the entire time?

No one knows that that's still there.

That's how Ben works.

Yeah, Ben directed it.

I can feel you pivoting towards a serious answer.

No, I'm very interested.

I should say a from a carto also directed three of them did a great job.

Which three?

Number four, five and six.

Numbers four, five and six.

Really?

Which are words?

They are.

Yes.

Thank you for saying those.

Was Ben, what was going on with Ben during four, five and six?

He disappeared.

Really?

Just off the grid?

Yeah.

Does he do that a lot?

When the numbers four, five and six come up.

Anytime they come up.

Well half the city disappears.

Really?

Yeah.

Half of which city?

You filmed in New York City.

All of New York disappears.

Whenever there's a television show filming.

Yeah.

And they get to episodes four, five or six.

Half the city disappears.

Half the city, which half is it like not the upper west side?

Oh no, no, no, no.

Thank goodness.

No, just half the population disappears.

Half the population.

They go to the Hamptons.

Oh, oh, I see.

Okay.

So this is the summer.

This is summer time.

Oh, okay.

I understand.

I understand what's happening.

And it just coincidentally coincides with four, five and six of all TV shows.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

The schedule.

Yeah.

You start with one in January and by the time you get to four it's summer.

Yeah.

And what's, I mean, this show, God, you know, you got to tell people what a show is.

You got to tell people what it's about.

Don't you really in a situation like this?

Yeah.

It's science fiction like lasers and lasers and monsters and shit like that.

Monsters and spaceships and different planets.

Every episode we're on a different planet.

Wow.

Really?

So one's in our solar system or?

That's right.

Okay.

So you go from earth?

No, it's, there's a, you get a chip in your brain and you go to work and you don't know who you are in the outside world and then you leave work and you don't know what you did at work or what your job is at all.

So you don't have that stress of like, Oh gosh, I can't, I'm spending all night thinking about what I have to do.

That's right.

But at the same time you have no idea what you do for a living.

That's right.

And enjoy your personal life and focus on your work completely.

They're totally separate.

See this, no, this TV show doesn't make sense because I think that like so much of your identity is wrapped up in, in, you know, how good you are at your job and stuff like that.

So it doesn't make sense.

And I don't think this is a good TV show.

Well, that's, that's, that's the initial knee jerk reaction that.

Wait, you're saying they deal with that on the show?

That I would expect you to have.

That is what they deal with on the show.

No, it's that's what's explored.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Oh, okay.

I was thinking that if they were not to bring that up and everyone just has a good time the entire time.

Yeah, no, that's not what happened.

So you're saying it's a bad thing?

Well, it's not necessarily a bad thing, but you know, there might be some conflict involved in, you know, exploring that scenario.

Still, you know, when I think about like, I can only imagine that I would be at work and not knowing I have a family and like be hitting on everyone, you know, who's there at work and stuff like that.

So that's why it's a bad idea.

So when you, when you, when you would be at work and cut off from the outside world, you would just be a total horn dog.

So is every character horny all the time?

It's just a bunch of horn dogs.

Oh man, I'm so glad we get to say horn dog today.

I thought we wouldn't.

Yeah.

Do they consider calling to show the horn dogs instead of whatever it is called?

They're a bunch of titles.

Oh, okay.

And I'd be lying if I said horn dogs wasn't one of them.

So what are the other?

I mean, what made the top five?

Well, why don't you guess and I'll tell you if you're right or not.

Okay.

Peculiar jerk and his wacky neighbors and friends.

Yeah.

That was on the list.

That was on the longer list, which was three titles.

Three titles.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

The ugly man has a decision to make.

That was actually on the longer list than the...

Than even that one.

Yeah, it was four titles.

Four titles.

Well, the feckless cuck.

Can't seem to figure out his shit.

That was number two.

And then what it ended up being?

Severance was number one.

Oh, wow.

Severance was number one.

That's so interesting.

And they just went with number one because we ran out of time.

Oh, yeah, totally.

Yeah.

Oh, which is by the way, Halloah, R.E.M. came out with that out of time record title.

Did they know?

They were out of time, literally.

Because we really were out of time.

You should have called it out of time.

That was a good idea.

Although people would have thought it was a lot of time travel.

Is it an always...

We can always change the title.

That's the thing.

Not enough shows change the title in the middle of the run.

That's right.

You know what I mean?

And I think first of all, it's a good trick to try to trick people into watching some of them if they're not.

That's right.

Or repeating their viewing experience of the show because they think it's a new show.

They think it's a new show.

And so they watch the first season all over again.

That's right.

This is a good idea.

Yeah.

You know what?

I'm going to call Apple TV.

Plus, I'm going to tell them that idea.

Who are the people over there at Apple?

You hanging out with Tim Cook all the time?

Yeah.

He's confusing, right?

Because his name is Cook and then he works with computers.

It's like, change your name to Tim Computer.

Yeah, but who knows?

Maybe he's a terrific cook.

I don't know.

He could be.

Did he cook for you while you were hanging out with him?

No.

This is weird.

I know.

Like he's a weird guy, right?

Well, no.

Not necessarily.

I just think that like if your name was Scott Bicycle, you know, you know, what would you expect to see me on every second of the day?

I would expect you to at least acknowledge that a bicycle is something that you would expect you to be riding.

Right.

So like if I were to come up to you and say, hi, my name's Scott Bicycle.

It's just a name.

I'm not on one right now.

These are my legs.

So Tim Cook to put everyone at ease whenever he meets people.

I'm sure he says, listen, I know you're expecting me to be making a baked Alaska right now.

Well, not only that, but he works with Apple.

Right.

Which is a food.

It's like, dude, come on.

It's computers.

Yeah.

And it's freaking everyone out.

Yeah.

This is a problem on the show?

Which is a huge, a huge issue.

Everyone was so confused constantly if Tim Cook was making a meal or not, wherever he was.

Yeah.

But because I'm sure he was never on the set, but no, but you're constantly getting intel, I'm sure, about what he was doing.

I think it was more.

We were all just wondering, I wonder if he's making something delicious right now.

Were you constantly going to craft servicing?

Tim?

That's right.

Anytime food was around.

Tim, is that you?

Well, this sounds like a great show.

And one that people definitely should be watching and bingeing binge watching, you know, at least binge watching one episode at a time.

Binge viewing.

Another great way to watch it.

You could also like do sort of mini watches, which are like one minute at a time.

One minute.

You know.

Like consider it your job and then do like what Severance does, which is watch it as a job and then go spend time with your family and never think about it again.

And figure out how to get paid for watching it as a job.

You know, you could also pretend that it's a, what was that network called where their shows were five minutes?

Quibi.

A Quibi show and just watch it in 10, 12 minutes.

Everything technically is a Quibi show if you just watch, you know.

That's right.

10 seconds of something.

That's exactly right.

You know what I mean?

Good idea.

Yeah.

Right?

Sure.

I mean, 11 minute shows.

Sure.

Why not?

What could go wrong?

You know, but Severance is not 11 minutes.

It is as a matter of fact, more in the 60 minute range and 60 minutes.

You will not spend better elsewhere.

It is a fantastic show.

I'm sure.

And once I watch it, it's going to, I'm going to really mean that.

No, I'm glad that it created that impression.

I mean, it seems like quality TV.

The reviews have been good.

People are saying like, wow, Adam, you know, he was once known for light comedy, doing parks and recreation and party down and just sort of like, you know, spending his time doing that kind of thing.

And now he's known for whatever this is.

And you know, some really good reviews.

I couldn't dream of a better review than that.

That is, that is, that is what I've been waiting for.

It's an actor's dream.

That's right.

Well, shall we see you at the Emmys this year?

Do you think?

Do you think this is the year where finally Adam Scott gets recognized and you know what?

I don't think so.

Okay.

I don't think so.

Can I keep you to your promise that you made about the Oscars, if you recall?

Of course.

The Emmys going to be tough.

What was the remind me of the promise?

If you won an Oscar, you promised our listeners that you would go on stage and say, I'm going to shove this up my butt.

You know what?

That's less crazy than what happened last night.

Yeah, that's true.

Well, Adam Scott is here.

Severance is the title.

It's also the show.

And the new episodes come out on Fridays, this Friday's the final one.

This season finale, but hopefully not the series finale.

Am I right?

I hope so too.

There are nine episodes this season, so if you want to catch up, there are eight.

And then the final one is on Friday, which would make nine.

And that's the whole season.

Yeah.

If you could, I mean, it's Monday today, there's four days until Friday, two hours a day.

Is that too much to ask?

No, that's two thirds of a Batman.

It's nothing.

Have you, did you see Batman?

Yeah, I did.

I haven't seen it.

Oh, cool.

John Tataros, and he's on Severance.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

He's great.

Christopher Walken is on Severance.

That's right.

Patricia Arquette.

This is like a real who's who and you.

Yeah.

It's, and Zach Cherry.

Zach Cherry.

Britt Lauer.

Okay.

Tramiel Tillman.

I don't know who any of you are.

So do you ever arrive on set?

You're like, I don't belong here.

I'm a piece of shit.

Here I am like talking to John Tataro, one of the greatest and Christopher Walken to the, and Patricia Arquette multiple, did she win multiple Oscars or just the one?

Still.

She won an Oscar and Emmy.

Emmy.

Yeah.

What hasn't Patricia Arquette won?

Yeah.

Exactly.

I mean, I guess the Tony and the Pulitzer.

Pulitzer.

Yeah.

She will.

She will win an Espie's award.

It's coming.

Oh man, that guy's choice award.

That is elusive.

Yeah.

What about the, the Espie's?

Maybe she'll win an Espie.

Oh yeah.

What do you got to do to win an Espie?

Just like running back.

Yeah.

Or do a really incredible dunk.

Yeah.

She can do it.

Dunk the basketball.

She, I'm sure she, I mean, she's.

How long, this is a serious question.

How long would it take Patricia Arquette who's so adept at doing anything?

Yeah.

Seems like she can do anything.

Yeah.

To learn how to dunk a basketball, you know?

10 minutes.

10, probably 10 minutes.

Yeah, exactly.

Severance is the title.

It's eight hours of your time until Friday and then it'll take another hour.

So nine hours total and it's not much to ask.

This is Adam Scott.

He's one of our oldest friends on the show.

How long have you been, you've been on the show for 13 years at this point?

Is that, is that right?

We're, we're.

Since you are a radio show.

Yeah, since you're a radio program.

He wants nine hours of your time.

I need your nine hours.

He needs nine hours of your time.

That's all I want.

You're telling me you haven't listened to more than nine hours of him jabbering about.

Exactly.

About you two and R.E.M. and everything.

He, now he needs these nine hours.

You've listened to over nine hours of me talking about the very stupidest shit.

Now I just want you to watch something good for nine hours.

For nine hours.

That's all he needs.

That's it.

God, you've, I mean, think of the stupid shit you've done in your life for nine hours.

For the nine hours.

Do this, do this for Adam Scott.

Yeah.

Thanks Scott.

All right.

Very good.

Well, we need to take a break.

Is that all right with you?

Yeah.

Oh, I'm excited about our guests.

Yes.

We have a coming up.

We have a, we have a shoe designer and a novelist.

You ever read a book?

That's exciting.

What's a, what's a, read a, a what?

A book.

God, how do I explain this?

Oh, are we going to talk about the red hot chill peps?

Probably not.

Okay.

All right.

Although that album came out Friday.

Oh, it did.

Yeah.

No.

Yeah.

What do you think?

Well, I'm, that's why I want to talk.

Okay.

I want to talk about it.

Should we talk about it on our other show?

Maybe so.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we have a shoe designer and a novelist.

This is very exciting.

Our old buddy Adam Scott.

He just wants nine hours of your time.

Nine.

He'll be right back.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bye, bye.

Bye.

Yeah.

Comedy Bambang, we're back.

Adam Scott, we have just been talking about the red hot chilli pepers.

Tawn and on and on and on and on.

But we are also to be fair recording our other show during the break.

Yeah.

We did a full, how many episodes did we end up doing?

14.

14 episodes.

Okay.

On this one album.

Yeah.

How many songs are on the actual album?

17.

So yeah, we still have three more to go.

We'll do that in the next break.

Sure.

But we need to get to our next guest.

Here's a shoe designer.

Please welcome to the show Thomas mashed potatoes.

Hello.

Thanks for having me.

Hi, Thomas mashed potatoes.

Yes.

I'm so glad to be here.

Interesting.

It's hyphenated.

I see.

Yes, mashed hyphen potatoes.

Thomas, thank you.

Yeah.

This is Adam Scott.

Oh, hi.

Nice to meet you.

Hi, you too.

I love your shoes.

Oh, thanks.

Yeah.

So you're your.

I'm a shoe designer.

Yeah.

Oxford's are my specialty.

Oxford's really.

Yes.

I like.

What are.

Okay.

What are what's the criteria that makes you the Oxford love that you're asking me it is you've got whether it's a wing tip or not.

Okay.

Another word for wing tip is a brogue.

Okay.

So a full brogue is if you have the full wing tip like the many, many dots you and a wing tip is yeah, it's just like basically dots in the perforations decorations.

Is that right?

I never thought of it as Braille, but let me just check on me.

Could you just one I believe this is Braille could a blind man or daredevil or whatever.

Like go down there and feel a shoe.

A blind man or daredevil.

Either one could equally do well at feeling the bumps on a shoe and trying to interpret them for knowledge.

Yeah.

For do they actually say something though like hi, this is a shoe.

That is a great suggestion and I've never thought of putting messages into my wing tip designs, but you certainly could.

Yes.

The one you're holding now.

Yes.

Does that have a message in it or you're feeling it?

I'm just checking.

I unfortunately have inadvertently it seems I do happen to know Braille and I've never thought to check this.

How did you learn Braille?

Oh gosh.

I was an overachieving boy scout.

Just I got every.

That was a merit badge.

Oh yeah.

Braille is a huge one.

Are you ability led?

Fluent or?

Fluenten Braille and ASL and semaphore.

Really?

That's the flags.

The flags that people do.

Yeah.

Every boy scout and girl scout because now girls are allowed in the boy scout.

What do you think about that?

I love it.

You're frowning.

I love you so much.

I'm scared of change by nature and also women terrify me.

You were doing your thumbs down.

I have some issues that are coming out.

Okay.

Interesting.

I know that I should be into it.

Let's put it that way.

You were doing it like you didn't think anyone was going to hear it on the show so it was like a safe space for you.

I'm sorry to call it out.

No, no, no.

I appreciate it because I'm in therapy to try to improve my admittedly very backwards and hateful positions on women and most social issues.

But I know that I'm wrong and I'm trying to do better.

That's good.

Thank you so much.

Yes, I fear and loathe women and also.

Also, yes, but I love shoes.

And primarily, which is more important to you, the fearing and loathing women or the shoes of things.

I mean, shoes, you're more of a tube guy.

I don't love the detestable and abhorrent part of my personalities.

I'm really pleased.

My intention is to be a good person.

Okay.

Well, the best we can do is just keep trying and keep plugging away on it.

Gosh, that is soothing to me.

I love a low expectations mantra.

Wonderful.

But I love shoes.

Yes.

There's one way you can go.

Also, the hue and color.

There's a variety of browns and blues and blacks and your traditional oxfords.

I don't think that colors are necessarily, when I say, what is an oxford?

What are the criteria of an oxford?

You don't think that is a part of what makes an oxford or an oxford?

Yeah, the oxfords can be different.

No, a traditional oxford tends to be from the blue, black or brown hue.

Certainly, you can have a green oxford.

Well, then what are we talking about?

But the true oxford aficionados will know you're taking a risk.

Okay.

You're taking a risk if you go into the green hues.

But what is an all-maned hue is a classic oxford.

I'm talking about colors.

Ooh.

Sorry, once I get going, I'm like a wind-up man.

What makes an oxford is it's a hard shoe, right, with a hard sole.

It's a hard shoe to dress you.

It's a dress shoe.

Yeah, it's a dressy shoe.

But you can say that about a lot of things.

It distinguishes an oxford.

It's a narrow toe.

Okay.

Is a traditional oxford.

If you got a wide fat toe in an oxford, that ain't an oxford.

That's an oxford.

Okay.

Maybe it's easier to describe what isn't an oxford than it is to describe what an oxford actually is.

All right, no, for me.

Not for you because you're a shoe designer.

I got it down.

I don't know exactly what it does.

But I will educate you, the dummy, on what it takes to be an oxford or not an oxford.

So no representations of human faces.

Okay.

So you just have drawings of humans on them or drawings of humans?

What do you call the old Michael Jordan Nike symbol?

That's a drawing of a human.

Oh, yeah.

The jumps of a man.

I mean, it's more of a silhouette, right?

But any representation of human...

Michael Jordan.

Yeah.

Adam, by the way, is posing in that pose right now.

Yeah, just like that, Adam.

That's exactly right.

I literally can't think of another shoe other than Air Jordans that have a drawing of a human on it.

I feel like I've seen it.

I remember a...

Oscar Brown?

In the early 80s, there was a whole happy days line of shoes where you could get the fawns on the back of a shoe.

What?

The back of a shoe.

Ralph Mouthe on the back of a shoe.

I think over the fawn.

I think I was a Ralph Mouthe guy.

I like George Harrison's my favorite beetle and Ralph Mouthe was my favorite happy days.

I like...

George Harrison's not the Ralph Mouthe of the beetle.

No.

George Harrison is absolutely...

He is the Ralph Mouthe of the beetle.

Ralph Mouthe was constantly being told to sit on it.

Yeah.

So was George Harrison.

He's at least the third most favorite beetle of everyone.

Yeah.

Ralph Mouthe was the third most favorite happy days after Fawning.

I don't think he's...

No, you got fawns again, Richie.

That's the John and Paul.

Right?

We...

Sure.

That's fine.

But Mr. C.

Oh, that's George Martin.

You're out of your mind.

He's done in the band.

No, but that's...

Are you crazy?

That's not...

You're not even mentioning Mrs. C.

BAM!

She's done in the band?

Sure she is.

She's got a hatred of women.

Sorry, that's...

Say, hang on.

You're right.

I'm Adam and thank you.

Mr. and Mrs. C are like the rhythm section of happy days.

Yeah, interesting take that.

So Ringo and Paul is what you're trying to say.

That's right.

Mr. and Mrs. C are the Ringo and Paul.

What about Joni?

Joni, that's interesting.

I'd say they're like the Jerry and the pacemaker is like a spin-off that's inspired greatly by the original ensemble.

You know a lot about the Beatles.

It's almost like you have a podcast.

I've never heard of them.

I've got to be honest.

I'm gleaming just from this conversation what they're about.

Really?

I'm guessing.

I heard the dome.

I heard somebody yesterday make fun of George Harrison.

I was like, I got to work that in.

I actually go there.

I was just saying.

What was this person saying?

This person I was walking near a cabian.

He was like, get out of my cab.

You're like the George Harrison of passengers and I could tell it was a pejorative.

So I held onto it and I was like, I'm going to use that as an insult because I'm trying to appear smarter.

Interesting.

Yeah.

Cap driver.

Anyway, oxford.

So, narrow tunnel.

No human faces.

That's important.

Oh, this was a literate cabian.

He was an ariodyte man.

Oh, he was really giving them the what for.

And I got to be honest, the passengers seemed like they deserved it.

You can't always tell when you're just walking by an altercation, but this sort of seemed like two sort of ne'er-do-well agro-alpha-no-good-no-goods.

Okay.

So they were two alphas coming at each other.

They just, they just, they had their chest- Sometimes big dog got a bark.

Sometimes big dog got a bark.

Were they passengers with you in the cab?

No, no, I was walking by.

I had nothing to do with any of these people.

Oh, so you cabby wasn't yelling this at you.

No, no, no, I was walking by.

Do you not own a car?

I don't, I like to walk.

I'm a shoe guy and I'm a foot guy.

So you, when you say you're a shoe guy, you like to put him to work?

Absolutely.

I'm not, I don't like to, hey, shoes ain't made to be put on a shelf.

You put him on your feet.

They're not, they're not meant to press gas pedals up and down and, and...

No, you gotta get out there and...

No.

It's to, it's for a man and woman to walk around the earth.

Please, you must go through a lot of shoes if all you do is walk, if that's your motivation.

I absolutely do.

And a well-made shoe will last you.

Even if you're putting serious miles on it, you're going to get one to two years out of a good, well-made shoe.

Really?

Now, I just say I don't walk around in my oxford too much because that's a dress shoe for formal occasions.

It's not a walking shoe.

Oh, what are you walking?

I walk in trainers as the Brits call them.

I see.

Or I'm so sorry, sneakers.

Oh, God.

It's kind of, you know, trainers makes more sense.

Yes, but yeah.

You know, we hear the stakes that often in your sneakers.

Where are you sneaking around to in your, your...

Rarely at Babber.

But training, you're running, that's a form of training.

You do that in your trainers.

Exactly.

It's kind of athletic.

Do you design these types of shoes?

No, athletic shoes?

No, I've done it.

I've done it as a matter of apprenticing my oxford skills.

You mentioned the Air Jordans.

Did you design those?

I wish.

I went through a strict apprenticeship where you had to make a lot of Air Jordans as part of your certification.

Oh.

You had to prove that you could theoretically, if asked, make an actor.

Oh, so this wasn't even for the Nike Corporation.

They were just like, no, no, I'm part of your training.

Hey.

I'd make an Air Jordans.

I'm a distinguished cobbler in New England.

And he was great.

And he would make you make every kind of sort of classic shoe.

Oh, written.

So what are the classics?

What do we got there?

Sandals.

Air Jordans.

Broken stocks?

No.

This guy didn't respect Broken stock because he was very anti-hippy.

Oh.

So anything that sort of smacks...

What did he have against hippies?

Oh, God knows he didn't like drug use.

Was it the culture?

Oh, it was drug use?

He was older.

He was the water.

The lawn hair part of it.

He just, you know, he was a real like pro government.

You stand up and you salute old glory.

What about the free love?

Was he concerned about it?

He was very concerned about it.

Just a one woman guy?

He had one woman, yeah, he was married not happily.

I mean, this guy had a lot of issues in his emotional life, which I unfortunately...

Really?

What was going on in his marriage?

I think they just weren't happy in, but they stuck it out because they came from a generation which you just don't give up on his things.

Right.

And how did you...

I had an affair with his wife.

With his wife.

Yes.

God.

What?

We became very close.

And it ended my apprenticeship.

Oh, no.

So you never completed your actual apprenticeship.

Did you have to start over with another...

I never...

I felt...

Not only a new master, what do you call someone who's taking it?

I think you do are supposed to call them a master, but nobody does that anymore.

Right.

Not only a new master, but did you have to start over with a new woman?

I did.

I mean, I lost my relationship and friendship.

And I felt that I had learned enough, so I did not begin my training and...

From the woman and the man learning these shoes.

Like, oh, I got this.

This goes in here.

I mean, look, she was very sexually adventurous and I suppose I did learn things from her, but I did not see that as an apprenticeship.

I see.

I just saw that as a relationship of passion that went awry.

And I betrayed my teacher and I felt bad about it.

You feel bad?

It was not right to anybody.

I was doing nobody any good, but she and I...

How long did you feel bad?

A couple of days?

Yeah.

And then I was like, you know what's done is done.

Case of Rastra.

Yeah.

On to more shoes.

So you've designed mainly you're an Oxford guy.

Thank you.

Right.

Yeah, now...

And now I'm an Oxford guy and I have a little Etsy shop, which is currently not up because it's been banned for hate speech.

Oh, boy.

Oh, not mine.

Not mine.

Oh, there are other customers.

I attract a lot of jerks and some of them...

Really?

Why would you...

I mean, what is it about your shoes that...

I mean, you know what they say?

Like if you're a comedian who has like a shitty audience.

You're probably responsible for it.

Well, hey, I agree with that.

I want to do better to attract...

I'm talking to my audience right now, by the way.

Oh, you're talking about yourself?

Oh, you seem to be a jovial fellow.

I wouldn't think of you as someone who affects a bunch of jerks.

Thank you so much.

What is it about your Etsy shop that's attracting these people who are leaving hate speech?

I have a lot of like aggressive and preemptively defensive shoe names.

Oh, like what?

One of them is like the real side of the story.

Wing tips.

Another one is what the left won't say.

And why are you...

I don't know why I do it.

I want salty names of brands to try to like get people...

I'm having trouble with my attention.

Yeah.

Yeah, so...

And I don't even agree with those things.

I can understand you pander to a certain audience.

That's what it is.

It's pandering, and so I'm not going to do that anymore.

So my one of my Etsy shop is a lot back online.

It's going to be perfunctory and unremarkable names online.

Okay, so...

And I'm going to try to just make it on the quality of the shoe.

Okay, and are these shoes quality?

I would say yes.

I mean, of course that's...

Of what type of quality?

Good or poor?

I would say good.

The high and good quality, the admirable and desirable quality.

Okay.

Not the poor quality.

What makes them so good and...

They're well made.

They will last you a long time.

They are fashionable.

You can't just say, when I say, why are these shoes good?

You can't just say, they're good because they're well made.

That's like saying they're good because they're good.

Would you say that's a tautology?

Perhaps.

Like, how many dressy affairs would a pair of Oxford's last made?

Now that's a great question.

If you had one of my Oxford's, I would say it would work for you upwards of 50 dressy affairs.

And you could go nuts at those effects.

How many are you going to a year, Adam?

I don't know.

You're not...

300 dressy affairs per year?

Well, I consider every day, except 65 a dressy affair.

Good for you.

Hey, you're a dapper gentleman who wants to be well appointed.

I do.

Then I would say a pair of Oxford's is perfect for somebody like you.

Thank you.

I would recommend an almond, hued wingtip or half-broke.

That might do you nicely.

You keep mentioning this word broke.

It's something that you...

It's an alternate word for wingtip.

They say it in Britain.

I keep forgetting I'm talking to America.

Oh, God.

So sorry.

I apologize.

Wingtip is what I mean.

Half-wingtip.

But you're American, aren't you?

I'm American, but my mentor, mentor.

That's a better word.

That's not master.

He was British.

British-born.

I lived in New England.

Really?

Yes.

Did he know other famous Brits like J.K. Rowling?

He knew a lot of them.

Really?

It's a small club.

Yeah.

He knew Sir Paul.

I don't know who that is.

J.K. Rowling.

And who else?

Was he...

I mean, I can only imagine J.K. Rowling.

She didn't used to be famous.

But was he the inspiration perhaps for one of the characters?

And one of her books or something?

Who's the big hairy dude that likes animals?

Hagrid.

Him.

He looked a lot like him.

Because he had the big poofy beard and he was a rough and tumble sort of salt to the earth energy kind of...

I mean, lovable.

Love it.

Oh, really?

Well, not too 12 feet tall.

Oh, no.

He wasn't...

That is that part of Hagrid?

I believe so.

Sort of.

Yeah.

I mean, Adam has not finished the book series.

Is that a real deal that he's not 12 feet tall?

How many books did you get?

Like three.

Yeah.

No, he shrinks down.

Yeah, he does.

It's revealed halfway through that it's been forced perspective for that.

That he's always standing in the back of the room.

It's just because Harry was always so small.

But then when he grew up...

He's like, oh, wait a minute.

You're not 12 feet tall.

You're actually just five feet.

So it could be that my mentor was an inspiration for Hagrid.

Interesting.

Yeah.

But a warm fellow to his apprentices unless they're...

Was he the inspiration too for J.K. Rowling coming out and saying that wizards before there were toilets would just shit on the floor and then they would make it disappear?

Did she say that?

Yes.

That's incredible.

I don't think so.

No, that was the beginning of her descent into madness.

He used a toilet from what I recall.

He used a toilet.

Maybe there was something between that.

So it wasn't something where she saw him shit on the floor when they said I got to use that.

I have to admit that wasn't part of my relationship with him.

We didn't explore his relationship with...

Was it part of your relationship with his wife though?

I'm not going to get into the finer details of our sexual exploits.

But yes.

So a lot of like, shitting on the chest and stuff like that.

We went through a whole...

We tried a lot of things.

That ended up not being for us.

Our motto was why not?

Sure.

Whenever it came to trying something.

It's like that movie Yes Man.

Yeah, exactly.

Only.

It was more like Yes Man.

What a great film.

Really good.

Yeah.

Yes Man was sort of my attitude towards her.

But again, I regret the relationship.

It was started under false pretenses and then nothing could...

How did it...

What do you mean it started under false pretenses?

I lied to her.

Like I am royalty.

They were both egglion finds.

And I said that I was 25th in line to the throne and that began our romantic relationship.

As an American, you're 25th in line.

Yes.

That's what I told her.

It must be hard to pull off.

I mean, a lie like that.

I mean that's huge.

I figured that number 25 she'd just be like, I guess, you know, he was like his grandfather was an earl or something like that.

And you know, he's somewhere in line.

And so...

Because 25 though, I mean like number two has been waiting for...

Yes.

30 years.

Yeah, that's right.

But if you're an anglio file or you're someone who's into the royals, anybody...

We just had someone on last week who is a royal watcher.

Oh yeah?

Yeah.

I bet you if I lied to this person and said that I was 25th in line...

He would have sex with you.

Yeah, I would imagine.

I would imagine.

So, and that would be under false pretenses.

That would be...

If somebody wants to have sex with me, I want it to be because of who I am or the quality of my shoes, perhaps, if they're impressed with my...

How many times has that ever happened?

Or someone wants to have sex with you because of the quality of your shoes?

Oh, let me think about it.

None.

Really?

Yeah, it's never happened.

I say you were doing like beautiful mind style like math in your head.

I went deep because I've met people in the...

You know, other shoemakers and shoe fans which then became romantic relationships.

But it was never my ability to make shoes better.

So shoemakers and shoe fans, they've ningle?

Yeah.

Yeah, it's a pretty tight fraternity.

And shoe.

Shoo fans.

Yeah, fans of shoes.

What I'm saying is like podcasters and podcast fans aren't always like...

Oh, there's lots of shoe fans.

Absolutely, yeah.

If you're...

But not what I'm saying.

What do you say?

I'm not saying that there aren't a lot of shoe fans.

I'm saying that the podcast makers and the podcast fans aren't intermingling all the time.

That's like your experience.

There's a clear divide of...

If you're a podcast guy, you're on this side of the line.

If you're a podcast listener, you're on that side of the line.

Unless there's a convention or something.

Sure.

Do you make the fans...

Yeah, you have like shoe cons.

You know, or Oxford cons.

You know, or trainer cons in Britain.

And you have part of it is mingling.

Meet and greet.

Work the people.

Press the flesh.

Ask what their name is.

You know, make a minimum of five seconds of eye contact.

You know, normal things that people do to appear normal.

Yeah, you sound like you're training yourself to be a human being.

I'm a shy person and sometimes it's difficult to meet strangers.

I don't think I'm alone in this.

I don't have little tips I have taken with me to try and try to be nice.

What are the tips?

Minimum five seconds eye contact.

Minimum of five.

Repeat back their names to them as often as possible.

Okay, what are our names?

One of you is Adam.

Okay.

And oh gosh, the other one is shot.

It's very close.

Okay.

And I have noticed you have not looked either of us in the eye.

Yeah.

It's so difficult for me.

It's emotional.

I want my five.

Okay, here we go.

You looked away at two.

So tough.

It's tough.

Yeah.

It's not easy.

That's actually kind of a long time to make up.

It's almost too long.

If someone were to give me a type five, I don't know.

Yeah.

But if you were shoe fans and I met you at an Oxford con, I would really try to step up and be there and make the whole five.

Yeah.

You know, what makes a shoe fan?

I mean, it's interesting because I wear them.

Am I a shoe fan?

Absolutely not.

That is not, I'm not even supposed to being enough.

With the questions you asked me, you gave a van.

You're what?

I'm a sock fan because I wear those under my shoes.

I don't think that makes one a fan.

You must have an enthusiasm, a hunger for knowledge, a curiosity.

I can tell you if I were to walk outside right now, especially because it's raining outside, I would put shoes on.

That doesn't make you a fan.

Listen to yourself.

You sound like a babbling idiot right now.

Okay.

I'm a babbling idiot, I got that and you're not looking away.

So how many pairs of shoes does one have to have to be a shoe fan?

I think it's more the emotion you have towards the shoes and not the quantity.

Quantity could be a symptom of the shoes you own.

Oh gosh.

Because I've made so many.

Yeah.

Six?

Six pairs of shoes?

Six pairs.

Twelve shoes in total.

Twelve shoes and I love them.

They are, they are family to me and I rotate them in and out very careful.

And that includes the ones.

Like I replace them.

Sorry, that includes the ones you've made?

Yeah.

So I've sold a lot of them, you know what I mean?

Or I've given them away.

So the ones that I have kept where I make a pair and I'm like, I can't give you away.

These are two perfect.

I can only imagine Adam.

It's like you do a take and you're like, guys, that one's for me.

I'm going to keep the film.

That's right.

I'm taking that home with me.

I'm going to wear it.

I've watched television shows where a particular scene seems lacking and I'm like, I bet the actor kept the good take.

Yeah, it's right.

And I was happy.

I was happy.

So yeah, you know, a shoe fan is the emotion and the passion that you have.

If you had more knowledge or curiosity about a shoe, I'd say you were shoe fan.

Who owns the most pairs of shoes in the world?

I think a meldamarcos was famous for owning lots of shoes.

Right.

But she's dead.

No, are you worried that if you were to own a lot of shoes, you would be dead too?

It only stands for reason.

Let me follow this.

So you'd think that the reason a meldamarcos is dead is because she had a lot of shoes.

I'm saying that it's possible.

So let's do a Socrates thing.

A meldamarcos had a lot of shoes.

Yes.

A meldamarcos is dead.

Therefore having a lot of shoes makes you dead.

Okay.

Yeah, I guess that does follow.

It does stand a reason.

I've never before been scared of it, but now I am.

Yeah.

So I think six is pushing it.

No, no, no.

I've kept it.

I'm a man of simple means.

I don't like to have a lot of possessions.

I feel like that's not nearly enough for a shoe fan.

I've had more in the past.

I once had like hundreds of pairs of shoes.

Really?

I just, it felt excessive.

And so I, part of my sort of becoming a better person when I realized I had a fear in loathing towards women and really just everybody.

I, and I was like, I want to be better.

I want to improve and I went into therapy and I read lots of sort of books on improving yourself.

Part of it was like I'm too attached to material possessions.

Okay.

So you, I got rid of it.

I was like, the hardest thing for me to get rid of will be the shoes.

Yeah.

Did you save him for last or?

Yes.

You got rid of everything else.

All my silks, no spices, spines and investments.

Are you on the Nina, the pincer of the San Maria?

I wish.

What a life.

Oh man.

What a life.

When you think about it, those guys had it all.

I mean, one reason why you'd leave Europe to go over an ocean that maybe doesn't go anywhere because your life is great.

That's a sure side of the people on those boats is everything was going right for them.

Wow.

I gave a lot up and the last thing was the shoes because it was it was emotionally very difficult for me.

I can only.

But when I finally did it, I did feel unburdened and I felt like this is, you know, I am really, I'm really trying to become a better, better person.

And it makes you kept much really mean something then.

Yes, they are.

They're there.

There's five of the pairs are the ones that I made.

And there's the six.

And the sixth one, it's my Ralph Malth sneakers from one at night.

You still have those.

Okay.

Sentimental, they were a gift from my, from my parents.

Oh really?

So with us?

No, they're not.

They've they've how do you say died?

Yeah.

How did they pass away?

If you don't mind me asking, they lived a long life.

They're like, uh, like see, no, I was asking the opposite when how did they die?

How did they die?

Not not.

Did they live a long life?

Oh, until what?

Not until like how long?

No, yeah.

How did they die?

Is what I mean?

My father died of a heart failure and my mother was unfortunately vaporized.

How?

Yeah.

Well, I don't totally know.

I think she might have been a spy.

She got into some sort of altercation with a strange man who came to the door and vaporized her.

But how did she?

She pointed some sort of futuristic looking blaster and she just disseminated into atoms.

Really?

But she was already an old lady who had a great life and I was like, Hey, it had to happen.

So like a pile of like pile of, yeah, I tried to reconstitute the ash.

I tried to rehydrate the ash.

What, by what?

Pooring water.

I was distraught.

I must have just made a mess.

I did.

It was a, it's like, what did I, why did I think this would work?

And did you speak to the man before he ran off?

He was like, she deserved it and left and I don't know what happened.

I don't know what happened.

She was a mysterious lady with a lot of, with a lot of, but that's, that was his last parting words to you was she deserved it.

Yeah.

He was like, don't come from me.

She deserves it.

And he, and he ran off and you said, okay.

I said, I believe it.

He had a real conviction about his voice.

Yeah.

Wow.

And like it's, she was a 76, you know, and I was just.

And I was like, that'll be like, yeah, it's fine.

She was vaporized.

But it's, you know, you would, it's sad, you know, and I miss her, but I wouldn't call for a Saturday.

How long were you?

A couple days.

Yeah.

You're a couple days guy.

You have to move on.

You can't change the past.

So what do you got in the, what do you got in the hopper?

What are you, what are you designing?

Well, once that Etsy shop gets back online, I'm going to do a beach, huge, half wing tip Oxford.

Okay.

That, that is for spring only.

And it's going to be an Oxford's for spring.

And I got three sizes, um, weak, normal and whoa.

Weak is seven men or smaller.

That's weak sized.

And then normal is like eight, nine or 10.

And then high, bigger than that is whoa.

I gotta say, if I were an eight and I'm wearing something that, that a 10 could wear, I, that's not going to be comfortable.

Not eight is weak.

Eight and lower is weak.

Nine, 10 and 11 is normal.

And then, okay, but nine, 10 and 11 all have the same size.

They're all the same size.

Make it work.

Cause what I say, make it work.

And then you're going to be able to do it.

And sometimes once in a while, the pamphlet is copied onto the side of a tram or a bus.

And so she's really being seen.

So she's at a conference and she sees this man in the back of the room.

And they see each other from across the room.

And he looks like pretty much everyone else as well.

That's right.

And it's just where her eyes have happened to fall.

For no particular reason.

And the next thing you know, they're both going outside at the same time.

And you go like, okay, okay, okay.

They're going outside to talk to each other.

Turns out they just both want to the cigarette at the same time.

Okay.

Yeah.

But I was worried that it was going to be something sort of more spectacular.

And I'm relieved to hear that it's business as usual.

That's right.

But they get outside.

And it's just the two of them.

And it's been a very nice day up until now.

And just the two of them in their area.

Not in the entire world.

No, that's right.

It's not science fiction.

Yeah, other people are outside.

Thank God you clarified it because I did assume at that point that everyone else was dead.

Everyone was gone.

So when they walk outside.

That's what I mean.

It's just the smoking area.

That's right.

I'm glad you're not my editor because I would not have liked to put that for every sentence just to clarify.

They're not only two people.

I would be a harsh, harsh editor.

I believe it's a stern task master.

So you would be a long book too.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, for a lot of people, do you get paid by the page or?

No, I just get we all get paid the same amount.

Oh, for one matter what job you do.

Okay.

I just I don't know if this is off topic, but I'm writing a novel.

Could I read just the first sentence and just hear what your guys thoughts are on it?

Yeah, I'd love to hear a professional write.

I mean, this is just me.

We haven't even gotten through the premise of her book, but you're jumping into.

I feel like I want to take over right now just for a little bit and then I will let it go.

Okay.

I only got to talk for 30 minutes.

Yeah, sure.

Just real quick.

Just very quick.

Sure.

Yeah, because we have a professional writer here.

You want to be a writer, even though that never came up in your segment.

But go ahead.

It's a hobby.

And I just want to hear the Dutch Dutch take on it.

Yeah.

Okay.

So the storms passed quickly as did his love.

It's not believable.

Okay.

The storms would not pass quickly.

Oh, really?

It's very stormy.

Yeah.

Range is like 95% of the time.

All right.

So why and why do we care about his emotions?

It's the first sentence of the book.

We don't even know this.

This is a stupid book.

I would not read it.

Okay.

A little harsher than I thought was coming, but I appreciate the honesty.

What if he changed it though to the storm did not pass quickly, but their love did?

Now I'm in.

That so it was the unbelievable of the storm that took you out.

Now at least I know it's a real story coming from a real place.

It's professional feedback.

And it's incredibly valuable.

It's painful and I am hurt.

And are you willing to change it though?

Absolutely.

I'm always willing to change it improved.

Since you talks about books, can I talk about the shoes I'm wearing?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, let's hear.

You can tell me if their oxfords are not because I could not tell your thing when I couldn't.

It wasn't clear.

Okay.

So these are my work shoes.

These are my professional shoes.

They're lovely shoes.

Let me just say right.

Thank you.

They're like a fuchsia suede boot with like two zippers on each shoe.

Absolutely not an oxford.

No.

Already not an oxford.

Already just because the zippers.

Well, the fuchsia.

That's not a traditional.

That's right.

I have a seam beaches that have some.

If you look very closely at some of the shelves.

If you want to tell me that's a beach hue, I'll let you buy in a technicality.

Okay.

But it's a boot with two zippers.

Two zippers on each one and then fringe on the top that sort of comes down over the zippers.

None of these are.

None of these are very garish shoes.

These are my work shoes.

David Bowie lyrics shoes.

But what's weird about the way your dress is it's not just the shoes.

Like every part, I mean like you're wearing a jacket.

It's all over the place.

It's almost like from the WAM, I'm your man video.

This is a vinyl.

It's very practical.

It's like a pink and yellow vinyl with the scissors.

You said before that you don't like to stand out from them?

Yeah.

This is how everyone dresses.

You're like a very tall flower right now.

What?

I mean, here in America you will.

But you think we're weird because we don't dress like this.

Well, look at him.

He's got unbuttoned a little bit on his shirt.

He's a t-shirt on her.

No, we know.

But you're wearing a multi-zippered suede fringe.

What do you have against zippers?

No, I just think it stands out.

It's something that catches the eye.

I think we're discovering something here which is context.

Okay.

It's like the Albert Einstein thing.

You cannot have hot without cold because you don't know what it is.

Oh, I didn't know that was a nice thing.

Oh, okay.

Wow, he was smart.

He's the guy who stuck his tongue out in that poster, right?

Yeah.

Love it.

That's his main thing.

Love him.

Yeah.

He's one of the best.

Walk me through how you came to think that he was great from the tech thing.

Oh, I mean, you hear about all this shit that he was doing about like relative to what?

And then like, that's bad.

But he's got a sense of humor.

He's like, you're like, he's great.

I love him.

That photo was taken right after he discovered that they cracked the code on the atomic bomb.

Yeah, they just caught it at the moments where I see other context and it looks silly.

He was really excited about it.

But he was like vomiting at the realization that's what would happen.

Oh, but he looks like a silly fun guy.

It looks so happy.

He's right before he vomits.

Wow.

He still seems cool though, I would say.

I think he was probably cool.

Wow.

I got to say, if I lived where you lived, I'd probably pick model too.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Does everyone, when you go out to dinner, does everyone like split the check?

I mean, this is such a stereotype.

But?

Like, and we don't all go and play with two jump ropes.

But yes, we split the check.

Yeah.

It's just, it makes me sense.

How many jump ropes do you use?

Two.

Yeah.

Because that's the best number for jump roping.

But why would I make you pay the whole check?

That's rude.

And why would I pay it?

I'm not that nice.

Yeah, you're not my boss.

That's right.

Yeah, exactly.

We should split it.

Nobody's breaking the bank here.

Right.

We should have tons of zippers all over their body.

You cannot let go of the zippers.

Yeah.

You just have so many, like, if you're gleaming.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

You're almost like in this movie I saw starring Adam.

Hellraiser 4.

Yeah.

Oh, the where he like has a full of zippers.

He has all the pins.

Well, he's got, you know, just any of a CD shooting out of his head.

He has a CD.

Yeah, he shoots CDs at people.

That sounds nice.

Yeah.

Almost like you too, shot that album into our phones.

That's right.

And we were the only two that were delighted.

That sounds nice.

I would listen to a CD shooting out of someone's head.

So they go outside.

They decide to share cigarette.

They share one.

Okay.

And why is that?

Because they're going Dutch.

Oh, God.

Yeah.

And because why spend the money on another cigarette?

Sure.

Yeah.

And we both have one will share it.

And all of a sudden it starts raining.

Like pouring rain on.

Right.

But this is to be expected because it rains.

That's right.

They were expecting it.

So they're both in their like vinyl, their like waterproof suits head to toe.

They're 100% protected from the rain.

That's right.

They're very dry.

They've expected it.

They've been walking around all day in this like crinkly sort of like like construction pants like a hazmat suit, you know?

Yeah.

Sexy.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, we're getting.

But it's sexy to, you know, when it's raining.

It's super.

The mise en scene.

Yes.

That's right.

Like why don't we get out of here and go share like a romantic meal?

Right.

Okay.

I hate to ask.

Do you think they'll split the check at this meal?

Probably.

Yeah.

Of course they will get this.

Sexy.

So they go to this little like there's like.

Why are you lowering your voice?

It's the mise en scene.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

You're setting the table here.

Oh, okay.

They go to this nice little Italian place.

Little candles on the tables.

They look at the menu.

Oh my gosh.

And they realize like they don't have what we want to eat here.

This is stupid.

Why would we spend our money?

Did they not want Italian food?

No, but what they want is like.

They did they thought that they might have it, you know?

Have what?

What they're craving?

What are they craving?

Like the sexiest food is just like a piece of salmon.

Like a raw smoked salmon.

Okay.

On like a like a hard toast.

Oh, with like a little bit of like dry butter and then like a cut in half like hard boiled egg and like a little tiny piece of iceberg lettuce.

This is kind of turning my stomach.

And then like a little like just like a fingernail of onion.

Oh, fingernail.

That seems.

Yeah.

And then one of those pieces of lettuce that kind of looks like like the like the fake bushes in a in a train set in a electric.

It was like hard pieces of lettuce that are like parsley almost.

Yeah, it's like like picture and under the sea scene like a set piece from SpongeBob.

Like one of those like wiry pieces of that on top.

Just that on top.

So they want that they want to split one of those.

Super specific.

The eggs hard boiled.

Is that right?

It's hard boiled and dry butter.

Just like a well like you know when butter it has it's been like in the refrigerator for so long and you take it immediately from the fridge and put it right on and it's like so hard and it's almost dry.

The flavor is almost hidden at that point.

And this is delicious to you?

The best.

You said a fingernail of onion is there something?

What about that amount?

Yeah.

Why waste the onion?

You can get like 80 sandwiches out of an onion if you cut it this way.

Okay.

Because it seems to me like you're being critical of it and yet.

No.

This is delicious to you.

I love this.

Okay.

What was critical?

Sometimes I speak harshly but I'm just being honest but what I did I seemed like I didn't like it?

No, no, I mean the way that you're talking about.

A fingernail of onion.

A dry knuckle of butter.

Knuckles.

Barely big enough to pop it off.

Fingernails are not the words you're using are not appetizing.

Hold on.

The zom is like wilted and like a little bit warm but it hasn't been cooked so you think it's might be unsafe.

So above room temperature for some reason.

Yes.

And we don't know why.

Right.

And it's barely enough to cover a little bit of the hard dried toast.

Is it the intrigue of whether you'll get sick or not?

Is that what makes this appealing?

Like sooner.

Delicious.

It's so good.

Okay.

Little piece of ice.

Oh, I know it.

I feel like we have this in our mind right now.

What gets to the sexy part?

Okay.

So they go to the Albertine really fast because they've got to get all the ingredients that the grocery store.

They're making it.

They're going to make it.

Okay.

And so.

How many pages into the book are we at this?

We're at like 200.

Yeah.

It feels like it feels like a long 200.

But the climax is coming.

Oh, okay.

They get all the climax is coming at page 200.

No, it's coming in the future.

Oh, oh.

Yeah.

The climax isn't here.

It's coming appropriate for climax.

Sure.

So they get the stuff.

They get into the checkout line.

She realizes, ah, I haven't gotten my paycheck yet for this period.

And if I, if you can cover me for half of this, I can pay you back.

It's good that a model is on a salary.

Oh, yeah.

Right?

Not just paid per gig.

Sure.

Yeah.

But that's everyone, I guess.

Okay.

So I'm going to talk about this because he has his budget and he's like, I got paid yesterday.

How long have you talked about budget?

This is mind-numbing to me.

Why?

Right now, why is this important to the sexy part?

Because it's like we don't just want to have the sex we want.

Just get to the sex.

Just tell us about the sex.

Okay.

So we cut to they're looking for a hotel room.

Okay.

All right.

To eat the food.

Yes.

Or they got the dry butter.

They have all the ingredients, but they want to put it together in a hotel room.

Well, they need to because the egg is an egg and they have to hard boil it.

So they need to be somewhere where they can boil the water.

Do they have their own places?

They do, but they're at the conference.

So they're okay.

And they haven't gotten their hotel room yet?

Not yet because they came straight to that's right.

That's right.

Why?

You're the writer.

You can change all of these details.

Not now.

It's written.

So they get to the hotel room.

My editor barely read this.

Okay.

She was like, it's so sexy.

Actually, this is the first time I'm hearing any feedback.

Any pushback about this?

Okay.

I don't want to give it to you, but like, please, give it a little look at the.

So first hotel, too expensive.

There's more than one hotel.

Oh sure.

There's three.

It's like, it's then held there.

It's like a beach town.

So there's like three whole hotels.

So they go to the second one and it's like, ah, it's a little bit like the lighting is very bright.

Okay.

Not right.

Yeah.

They're turning it down because of the lighting.

Sure.

They want to be my boy.

They want to.

It's going to be the first time they share a meal.

They want to be just right.

And they want bright lighting.

They want, they want just bright enough to see it, but also low enough that it's like cozy.

Obscures a little bit.

It's not.

Sure.

Have you ever ridden?

It doesn't exist anymore, but Virgin America flight.

Oh, I see.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, no, I haven't.

Any more.

Right.

I wasn't going to say like Pegasus.

Well, I think that would be more interesting than what you're talking about right now.

Like, like, they get to the third hotel.

It's a brightly lit room with a stove.

It's lit just enough.

Like a like a Virgin airline flight.

Airline flight.

That's right.

I love those flights.

No stovetop, but it has like a like a kettle, a plug-in kettle that you can boil and you can cook anything with this.

It's amazing.

Okay.

So they fill a mug with.

With boiling water.

350.

150 pages.

You keep making me skip ahead.

Cut to page 500.

What happens on page 500?

They decide he has botched the egg.

She thinks it is such a waste of her time to be with a man who cannot even cook an egg.

She like gives him.

What amount of time has passed since they first saw each other?

I mean, it's a little bit of time, like a 90 minutes or something.

And she leaves.

So this book isn't even written in real time.

It's less than real time.

It's more.

Well, because we have to hear their thoughts and we have to.

Can we just cut to the sex?

I mean, there's just.

There is no sex.

Never.

Not actual sex, but it's the sort of the feeling that you come away with is like, yes, like what is sexier than someone being honest about what they want and what he is, which is a piece of shit because why can't he boil a freaking egg?

It seems to me like, Murska, these books, you know, normally a romance novel is all about two people.

They meet each other.

They're hot for each other.

They fantasize a lot about having sex with each other, but something's keeping them apart.

Usually like some sort of relationship or their social status.

Or the restaurant, the hotel, the Albertine, the budget, the heist.

You know, see the list of all the hotels in the eggs know that that's the kind of stuff none of your audience is interested in.

They're interested in are these people going to have sex?

And when they do have sex, is it hot sex?

Is it like, is it everything they've imagined sex to be?

Have you ever had sex?

No.

Why not?

Well, it's so much work.

Take the egg in the hotel and everything out of it.

You can't.

Just go have sex with someone.

It's so stupid that you're just wasting your time for like what?

Nothing sex is a waste of time.

But it's a waste of time?

Yeah, great.

And I don't want to do it.

Technically it is.

I mean, unless you're like, Adam, you have two kids.

Like those were the only times that were not a waste of time.

That's why those are the only times that you've done it.

But it's a fun waste of time.

Look, Mariska, this book sounds horrible.

I usually don't say that about doing my guess.

Do we have the title of the book?

The folder model.

Yes.

They have to work together.

They all work together, but nothing ends up happening.

And is it successful?

Anyone buying these?

Huge success.

Does everyone just automatically get a copy?

What do you think it is?

Like a YouTube album?

Like a YouTube album or something?

I don't.

Wait.

So everything is like this YouTube album that you add?

I guess that's the only way people get stuff.

Wait, is YouTube just giving away their album?

Is that true?

Somewhat long time ago that you were sick of?

Alright, look, we're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called plug.

It is a real fake out.

That's an inexpensive little tune.

That was Jake Jackhead with lovely plugs.

Thank you so much for Jake Jackhead.

Alright, what are we plugging out?

What is a guy like you have to plug?

Just severance on Friday the final episode of the season coming out.

And don't just watch that one, although you could.

There are eight previous episodes.

So, and that's, do you think that's confusing?

Was that concerned with production?

It could be confusing depending on how it's explained.

Yeah, yeah.

And I feel like the way I'm explaining it is potentially confusing.

Do the characters kind of make this clear though that it's the ninth episode of nine?

Every episode, every characters first line is, okay, it's episode five.

This is what is happening.

Good, that's great.

Severance on it and people have to have an Apple TV plus.

On Apple TV plus.

And plus, you can get a subscription quite easily.

Yeah.

And then you can also like you get video games and working out and stuff like that.

It's all kinds of stuff on there with that subscription.

Anyone ever play a video game and work out while watching your show?

That would be the try for happens all the time.

Yeah, amazing.

All right.

And Thomas, what do you want to plug?

I'm going to plug a podcast I'm a fan of called Screw It.

We're just going to talk about comics.

Two brothers, Will and Kevin Heinz talk about comic books.

I've really gotten into it.

And I mean, what is a guy like you?

I like how niche and alienating they are.

They really don't let new people in.

There's no, almost no explanation of the backstory of what they're talking about.

They assume you've read what they're talking about and already know about it.

And then they reaffirm what you know.

And I'm really into it.

And they're...

They don't take controversial stances on these.

They pretty much just...

They tell the party line and they pretty much express what the consensus is on the things they talk about.

And if you want to hear that parroted back, they're good at it.

They're going over the Daredevil comic book series Born Again right now, which is...

I see it by Frank Miller and drawn by Dave Masicelli in the mid 80s.

It was a milestone, great superhero story that's only mildly problematic.

So, you know, check out that podcast.

That's my rec sound.

Great.

And Mariska, what do you want to plug here?

It's a short film improvised by Susie Barrett and Rebecca Drysdale.

Short, like five minutes.

Okay.

Easy.

So this is Quibi.

It's Quibi-length.

And where do people see this and what is it called?

It's called GUM and they can see it at whatisgum.com.

Whatisgum.com?

That's right.

With Rebecca Drysdale, a great talent.

That's right.

And Susie Barrett and nobody turned.

Wow.

They work together.

They balance each other out.

Okay, interesting.

Well, I want to plug, you know, head over to cbbworld.com.

I was going to plug this show called You Can't Handle the Sluts.

Yes, I am a fan of that too.

I also should have plugged that.

We just had a very funny new episode of that a couple of weeks ago.

And we just had another, this book changed my life episode with Lily Sullivan, Randy Snuts episodes.

We got some good stuff in April.

We just, Sean Diston and I, we just reviewed the 400 blows on our show, Scott hasn't seen.

And people are really responding to that.

So head over to cbbworld.com.

And if you subscribe for a year, you get two months free.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up, take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you open up the plug bag.

We're opening up that plug bag.

And when you open up that plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

I open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

As far as you can.

Then you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

Oh man, you're in Dr. Sweetchat.

The small talk robots say, oh no, it delights me to no end.

That was Dr. Sweet Chacha with Oye Como plug.

Guys, I want to thank you so much Adam.

Always great hanging out with you.

Are we, I mean, I know you have two TV shows now.

You don't have a lot of time.

We ever going to do another podcast together.

I think we should.

Yeah.

I think we should.

Yeah.

And then we'll talk about, I'm drawn a blank.

Just about this.

About comedy bang bang where we recap comedy bang bang.

Yeah.

Every episode.

Yeah.

That's a great idea.

This is a great idea.

Yeah.

I'm committing fully right now.

It's all 751 episodes.

That's exactly right.

Okay.

Fantastic.

And Thomas, so great to meet you.

Thanks so much for having me on.

I love trying to reach an audience for my wares.

Yeah.

Although, even though you don't have any.

I don't know how to get them right now, but at some, you know, I've piqued the interest and I hope that people will search later.

I look forward to it.

Yeah.

Thank you, Adam.

And then Mariska, a bad book, bad writer.

Thank you.

You're really bad.

And thanks for coming by though.

Thank you.

And it was a bad time.

And I think that you have a lot to learn about.

Oh, stay.

Okay.

All right.

See you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

♪♪♪ I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look.
