♪♪♪ Whether you fry it, bake it or broil it, big boy shits are meant for the toilet. Welcome to comedy bang bang.

Ahhh...

I have to go.

Oh really? So soon.

Something just came up.

Well I hope my good friend Shimi is around. Is he here?

Hey! He's still here.

You need a gift for the above?

I certainly do.

Shimi!

What the?

What haven't I asked you in previous appearances?

I don't know.

My last name?

Okay, what's your last name Shimi?

Lincoln.

Shimi Lincoln?

Related to old honest Abe.

Who?

Abraham Lincoln.

How was the play Mrs. Lincoln?

I don't get this river.

Okay, have you ever seen a play?

Let's start there.

Oh, how old is it?

Angel of America?

Oh really?

All three hours or?

Yeah, all six hours.

All six hours?

Yeah, it is.

Well, I pay an extra sargent he did her on the stage.

During Angel of America.

Yeah.

We all gotta go.

Okay Shimi, bye.

Alright, I came back.

Oh, thank God Paul's back.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

A little too as to who I am.

Thank you by the way to call waiting for Godot for that wonderful catch race submission and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And this is a very special episode.

I'll talk to you about it in a second.

Coming up a little later, we have two grandfathers and we also have a financial advisor.

So that's very exciting.

But you know our first guest Dan.

You know why he is here.

Oh.

If you are a fan of Comedy Bang Bang.

It is the most wonderful time of year in my opinion.

And maybe you'll agree.

I don't know if I agree yet.

But after we...

God.

After we chop it up.

Do you need to be visited by three damp ghosts?

Well, you know why we're here.

I mean, obviously this episode is coming out the day after we're recording it.

But we are recording it on April 10th.

That's right.

And so you know why I needed to have this gentleman on the show.

He is a comedian.

He is an improviser.

He is an actor.

He is a writer.

But most importantly he is the co-creator of Wet Day, April 10th.

Please welcome back to the show Paul of Tompkins.

Happy Wet Day!

Oh, Wet Day!

Oh, I love it.

Now Paul, I...

Yes, you know I'm a Wet Day nut.

You certainly are.

I mean, you co-created it.

So of course.

I start decorating the house on St. Patrick's Day.

That already says their shamrock.

What do you do?

Is it down?

Yeah.

I hose down my house every day through April 10th.

Do you like open the windows and just put the garden nose in and just start...

Yeah, yeah.

The garden nose in, you take the garden nose out.

How are the electronics working these days?

Oh, they're not.

Yeah.

A total mess.

How do I buy all new stuff?

Good.

But that gives you an excuse too.

Wet Day shopping.

Post Wet Day shopping.

Yes, it's a Wet Day Boxing Day.

Wet Boxing Day.

Now as the co-creator of Wet Day.

And by the way, I should say my name is Scott Ockermann and I am the other co-creator of Wet Day.

Is that right?

We are the architects of Wet Day season.

Now do you remember what Wet Day is?

No, but I know that it involves being wet.

Why did we start talking about this?

I don't remember and I specifically texted you before we started recording and said, do you remember what Wet Day is all about or any details at all?

Oh, I remember.

Did not you left me on read?

All I remember is us putting out a plaintiff cry to the listeners to please remind us when Wet Day is coming out.

Absolutely, yes.

And they had done their part.

He gave them a date to start reminding us.

Yes, they did.

Two months in advance before Wet Day.

Yes, that's right.

And here it is, Wet Day itself and we don't remember why we started talking about it.

What happens in it?

That was in the haze of the best ofs.

It was.

By the way, I left the pool.

We're in the backyard area of comedy bang bang, of course, but I left the filter on in the pool to hear a little bubbling during Wet Day, but I believe the timer just turned it off right now, so I'm going to try to turn it back on.

So that's why I'm on my phone.

I'm not ignoring you.

It's nice because it sounds like you have a water feature.

Yes, it does.

Now, I normally turn it off for the show.

This is maybe getting a little inside baseball.

Baseball's not even as boring as this.

And you're a fan of both.

That's right.

So now what could Wet Day be?

I mean, obviously the decorations, but how else should we celebrate?

I've been doing this show.

I think that maybe you take a longer shower than you normally do.

How long are we talking?

Because I like a good 30-35 minutes.

By an hour then.

So a full five minute shower.

Sure.

I can't masturbate that many times.

35 times?

You can't?

Would it be great if it took one minute every time?

Oh, if you do.

I would not have to clear my schedule for the entire day.

If you were guaranteed.

Like from who's guaranteed, if I got?

You'll get into heaven if you don't masturbate within one minute.

That's the god promise.

God, it took 75 seconds.

Start fixing my halo.

If it takes longer than a minute, you automatically get into heaven?

Yes.

No purgatory.

You go straight straight.

Yes.

Cut the line pass everything.

But then if it's less than a minute.

You think God is trying to get it to the sex sex?

He's God.

Yeah, that's true.

If you can't do that, what's the point?

What's the whole point of him being God?

If he can't make us masturbate for exactly 60 seconds every time.

You can make it rain, but you can't do that.

Yeah.

I don't know that I wanted to last less than 60 seconds.

I don't want it to last more.

I think 60 seconds is a nice amount of time.

It's a nice amount of time to enjoy it because you get enough.

Like, oh, this feels good.

Yes.

And then, but in 60 seconds, it's like, what am I doing here?

61 seconds.

Like, come on.

Second 61.

It's like, wrap this up.

This is mortifying.

Well, what else could be wet?

I mean, obviously, hopefully it's raining in your neck of the woods.

Oh, maybe a tree?

Maybe a tree is wet.

Is wet?

Yeah, I said wet.

What else is wet?

Because it may be a tree.

Why is Christmas is the only holiday with a tree, right?

That's a good point.

Let's start moving trees in and out of the house more often.

Well, I'm saying it doesn't have to be in the house.

Obviously, we all want people to ruin their floors.

Obviously.

And if you rent, you get in big trouble.

Yeah.

But you can put a tree outside.

Yes.

And open the window and then bend it so it comes inside.

That's not where I was headed, but keep going.

Almost like Charlie Brown's a little tree that bends all the way over.

Just like, do that.

So it's like going over the sill.

Over the sill.

I'm imagining over the top right now.

Well, the primary thing though is that it must be wet.

It has to be the wettest tree you can find.

It doesn't have to be like, okay, look, some of you live in the desert.

It's just got to be the wettest tree you can find.

Not the wettest tree in existence.

Exactly.

Yes.

Come on, guys.

If you live on the bottom of the ocean, obviously you have an advantage.

Sure.

Good old Poseidon with all of his wet ass trees.

Old Poseidon.

Oh man, I love him.

Do you think he's the patron saint of wet day?

Is he not?

Yes, Poseidon, the Greek god is the patron saint of wet days.

Where were you going to ask?

I was going to ask, are the Greek gods still around?

It's interesting because the Roman ones, they're out.

Yeah.

They were like, no, we have confirmation on them.

Yeah, they're done.

They were like, around the time we named that planet Mars, they're like, uh-uh.

Yeah, that's not what the zoo.

Look, you guys ruined it.

They ruined it for all of us.

And then they took off to another galaxy.

Why didn't baseball stop once people in the stands started showing up in uniforms?

Like if I were a baseball player, if I worked at Walmart and someone came in at a Walmart uniform.

Yeah.

You're named that.

Yeah, it's like, come on buddy.

But I mean, baseball.

I'm the door to win though.

Like to be a professional baseball player, you have to have an immense amount of talent and skill.

And then a guy shows up wearing your jersey like, who are you?

Who the fuck do you think you are?

What the fuck do you think you are?

Now, should baseball players then try to counteract that by dressing up like Frankenstein?

Okay, this is, I didn't see this coming.

So that it becomes a real pain in the ass for anyone to do it.

Like you got to get the makeup and the bolts.

Well, I think it's more of a pain in ass for the players because they have to play baseball dressed as frank and stuff.

I was in plays where I had to do shit like that and you do hundreds of performances.

You're used to it.

I was going to say what if the players, they like scout the stands before the game and then they get like get a good look at some of the people and then they go out and they make themselves look like people in the stands who are wearing their jerseys and it's like pad like the jersey.

And they play baseball looking like that.

No, they don't.

Just there's a, it's built into the game where look, we have all the flyovers and we have the national anthem.

We have all this shit.

Part of it is we, the players get to mock people in the stands.

I love it.

And it's vicious.

It is cruel.

It's like those terrible caricatures.

It's like the Chevy Chase roast.

Yes.

Where it's like the people are not like coming out of it on the other side.

Absolutely.

Yes.

Yeah, that's exactly.

And they admit it.

They admit it.

Yeah.

Then that whoever, like whoever your local sports announcers are, they go hope that you have some.

Oh, can you, can you imagine having a local sports announcer?

Some places don't have them.

Can you imagine that?

They have to farm it out to like the bigger cities.

There's places like there's gonna be one local sports announcer in every city in the United States and they have to call games.

Yes.

That they're not at.

Sure.

They have to listen.

It's not going to be a game.

They listen on the radio and then they call.

They do their impression.

They have to paraphrase everything that is said.

I'm getting that basically like a psychic.

Oh, I'm sensing.

Yeah, they have to do a grind minute ahead.

I can't hate it.

It feels about fly.

But how many cities are in America?

I know we've talked about this.

10 and 11.

There's a few.

Whoa, 50 states.

So it's at least 50.

Yeah.

Probably 100 per state.

100.

There you go.

Yeah.

Los Angeles San Francisco.

Done.

Las Vegas.

Reno.

Done.

911.

Do you think we'll ever be on that show?

Doubtful.

I mean, it keeps going away and coming back.

Every time comes back, I think maybe this is the time.

Nope.

No.

Good friend of Tom's.

I've seen people that have a huge part of that movie.

I've watched people that got into comedy after I moved here.

Like I watched them move to town, start their comedy career and be on Reno 911.

Yeah.

That's great.

It's suspect.

Well, wait, it's totally sus.

What do you think about the big mouth of it all?

With those characters drawn by us.

I mean, that is.

Drawn like us.

Not drawn by us.

That would be even worse.

If Nick were like, hey, you got to draw these characters and I'm not even going to hire you.

I'm not going to tell you why.

To do the voices.

Yeah, yeah.

But the fact that obviously those guys weren't supposed to be us, but enough people said they look like Colin Scott.

It was supposed to be David Caruso and Dennis Farina.

That's right.

Yeah.

And there's a little insulting as well that those two look so much like us that people thought it was us.

Is my skin that bad?

I don't think so.

Who are you saying you are?

Oh, Farina.

I thought they both had.

That skin?

Yeah.

No, David Cruises, beautiful, beautiful skin.

Oh, that's why he's always outside with those sunglasses.

That's why he's always outside.

Speaking about side.

If you want to keep your skin fresh, go outside with sunglasses.

Speaking about side though, water covers 70% of the earth, wouldn't you say?

98.

98.7% of the earth.

0.6.

Oh, 0.7 is unhealthy.

102.7% of the earth.

Kiss FM.

Water the whole office is going to agree on it.

And a water from the 60s, 70s and beyond.

Sometimes a whole day will go by and I won't even give it a fucking thought.

Oh, come on.

I won't even help you.

I'll be like, what?

You know what?

It is funny though, that when I brush my teeth, I rinse my toothpaste out.

I don't think that is water.

No, it's just that it's this thing that's coming from that metal thing.

Yeah.

But you were not even processing it anymore.

Like I'm past the point where I would get in the shower and say, first turn on the water.

No, it's just second.

It's like when you're driving home.

I don't even have the blocking every single turn you ever made.

I don't have the instructions up anymore.

They're starting to curl like they're like peeling curls.

But at what point, what point are you aware of water?

It should be on wet day, obviously.

Exactly.

When you are covered by it.

Yes.

When you're in a pool, the whole time you're thinking, I'm in water.

I'm in water.

That's the whole reason people have them.

Yeah.

I want to swim.

I'm going to move some of this water out of the way to get to the other side of the pool.

Right.

That's what swimming is, is like you're moving the water out of your way.

Exactly.

And now if you don't have a pool, obviously, take a bath, you filthy animal.

Yes.

If you don't have bathtub, then God bless you.

God bless you.

Those are the two.

Exactly.

Yeah.

Unlike Christmas, which has a lot of, if you haven't got a...

Oh, they go so far down the line.

If you haven't got a pound, if you haven't got a...

No, they don't start with a pound.

They don't start with a pound.

No, these are...

These are...

These are the...

The fire.

You'd be like, hey, I'm out of the Urchin game.

Guys, it's been fun.

But I'm out.

I love y'all.

You're my like my thinking family.

We live in the sewer.

A bag tells us to pick pockets.

He asks to them.

So they start with a penny.

Yes.

Penny, then a hate penny.

Please put a penny in the old man's hat.

Yeah.

If you haven't got a penny, then a hate penny will do.

We'll do.

We'll like you.

It's fine, whatever.

I like the...

I like the will do because it's like...

They know they're being a little cheeky.

I guess.

To them, a hate penny is still a lot.

Do they know how many will do?

We know it and they're just being asked.

I think we both know and we're having fun.

Okay.

Got it.

It's Christmas.

Well, this brings up the point.

What are the wet day carols?

Because there should be songs.

You're not a huge fan of Christmas carols, but you're the biggest fan I know of wet day carols.

Why do you say that?

I thought that you didn't like Christmas music.

No, I like Christmas music.

I did a bit once about how...

It's don't do buns over and over and over again.

I mean...

God, what's rock taught us that?

Comedy is truth.

The Babylon B taught us that.

So but what are the wet day songs that should be there?

I mean, first of all, let's...

Wetter.

Yeah.

Wap.

Number one with a bolt.

It's gotta be.

It's the first song of the title.

Yes.

It's gotta be.

Is there...

I mean, look, the best band for wet days, wet, wet, wet.

Wet, wet.

Of course.

I'm trying to think of any other song that has wet in it.

Do you think they would have gone?

Do you sweat?

Is that a wet day song?

I mean, if you're sweating, you're wet.

But it also has wet in the title, but just it's got the gonna make you sweat or gonna make you S before.

You think you've taken the S off of sweat, it's wet?

It's wheat, at least.

Wheat.

Bringing in the sheaves, which is about wheat, which you could pronounce wet.

That's true.

That's what we've established.

Great.

So these are all great songs to listen to all wet day.

Absolutely.

All wet day long.

The entire discography of wet, wet, wet.

Wet, that's pussy.

Bringing in the sheaves.

What more I carry.

What makes you sweat?

Does she have anything with wet?

Someone please make a Spotify wet day playlist with just that.

Yes, because we've run out.

Does Mariah Carey have a song with wet in the title?

God, what could be, let's see, wet, wet.

Wet or fly?

Witter?

Wet to see?

Wet or?

I'm trying to think of glitter.

Wetter?

Hello?

Hello, wetter?

I don't know.

Mariah, get on this, please.

We need more music to listen to.

You can only listen to wet ass pussy probably.

A million times?

One million times.

But then, like in Christmas tradition, various covers of these songs.

Yes.

Now, what is the jingle bells of, is wet ass pussy the jingle bells of wet day songs?

No, there's wet ass pussy rock.

Because jingle bells in every Christmas song, they'll usually end by going ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding.

So classic out.

So how does wet ass pussy go?

What's the melody of that?

If there's a discernible one?

Wet ass pussy.

Yeah, pop up.

There are some whores in this house.

There's some bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum bum.

So maybe that at the end.

I think it's some whores in the house.

Every song ends with theirs.

There's some whores in this house.

So it's like, okay, you're listening to.

We shall go rejoicing.

Bringing in the jingle bells.

There's some whores in this house.

There's some whores.

It's perfect.

Yeah.

This is good wet day stuff.

And look, I know that you're all hearing this podcast the day after wet day.

So it's not even making sense necessarily because now you have to wait another 360.

I know.

You got like a wet day hangover.

You know what?

Yeah.

Stop this right now.

Dry off.

And save it for next week.

Save it for next week or at least the week before wet day or whenever we ask people to remind us about it.

Yes, exactly.

To months before.

That is sort of what they even my.

That is.

Yes.

I mean, you know, the 12 days of Oscar, of course, wet day Eve is the two months before.

That's right.

So have we talked about what?

No, I think we've we've satisfied the what they require.

We have talked about wet day at this point.

Yeah.

Sopping, sopping, wet, obviously drenched.

I'm ringing wet.

Yes.

And both separate 120 pounds.

So he got you hard.

I'm much, I'm much of here if I'm dry.

You're a 98 pound weekly.

That's right.

That adds 22 pounds.

That's right.

I'm just a big head on scrawny body like after America.

That would that would delight me to no end if one day you showed up and you were super jacked and you were like, Oh, I got that Captain America thing.

It's real.

Yeah.

You'd be delighted.

You wouldn't be like freaked out.

I mean, jealous more than freaked out.

I'd say I'd save some for you.

You'd save me some super soldiers.

I hear you some triple S. Yeah.

Thank you so much.

That's so nice of you.

How much though?

Enough.

Enough to what to make you almost a super is me.

Oh, oh, so you'll say be 49%.

No, not like 1%.

You only say me 1%.

No, no, no.

I would only be 1% more super than you.

So wait, so 55, no, 50.5% versus 49.5% wouldn't it be 99%?

Huh?

No, you get 50.5% of the series and I get blitting it with you.

I'm getting you at your own dose.

Oh, Scott, what are you taking for?

You think I'm going to dilute the super.

I have a high five.

You're going to be too half super sober.

So you're getting me a 99% of the other dose.

I'm getting more.

You're pouring out 1%?

Yes, I'm just pouring out 1% for the home of my own.

Of course, for Steve Rogers, who of course is old and bad in the Marva.

Yes, Lauren, I hope you're not listening to this.

Oh my God, I almost spoiled it for her new car.

Did you watch that Agent Carter TV show?

I did.

Man, I had a crush on her.

On which one?

Agent Carter.

Agent the titular?

Yes.

Speaking of titular.

Come on.

I'm so sorry.

I won't hear such language about the crush.

Realistically, what would you do if suddenly I can't remember her name?

But Agent Carter, Hayley Atwell, were to, I'm not even saying she'd show up at your door, but you ran into her at Little Tom's or something.

Right.

I was just like, Paul, I got to be with you.

I've heard this comedy bang bang episode and I was a big fan before.

Yeah, sure.

But I got to be with you.

Who, who, I mean, how surprising would that be if she had any idea who I was?

That would be the biggest surprise.

Who is the person that you would be the most delighted to discover knew who you were?

Knew who I was?

Well, I, you know.

Like, had like a strong knowledge of who you, not like being like a super fan necessarily, but they're like, oh, I absolutely know who that guy is.

Well, like it was, it was very gratifying to hear Neil Patrick Harris, of course, being a fan of the show and several musicians out there.

But I think Tandy Newton, sure, that's a good one.

I enjoy that if she was like, I listen to every episode in between Westworld takes when I'm lying on the slab.

Nude is a J bird in between takes, not in between setups.

Nope.

In between takes.

Hand me my headphones.

I've got to put my bugs back in.

No, I don't need the robe.

Just the headphones.

It's a solo bolo, innit?

I would love it.

Although I believe I'm mispronouncing her name the way she came out and saying, hey, everyone's been mispronouncing my name.

It's not Tandy?

I can't remember exactly how to pronounce it now, but recently.

How many other ways could there be?

Recently she came out and said, you know what?

I just kind of went along with it, but now like everyone call me how it's actually supposed to be pronounced.

It might be.

That might be close.

New tower?

Tandy.

But if you're listening out there, Tandy or however you pronounce it, hit me up.

Would love to have you on the show.

I mean, like if Ian McKellen had any idea who I was, that would be exciting.

That would be exciting.

Would you have been in that Nazi movie where...

Apt pupil?

Apt pupil where if you had to be in the shower scene.

I don't remember the shower scene in Apt pupil.

Yeah, but never mind.

Look it up.

No, let's talk about right now.

No, they say.

I just wanted to allude to it.

No thanks.

Can I tell you something that bothered me about the X-Men?

Yeah.

What do you got?

How uncanny they were?

Yes.

I like people who are canny.

They need to be smart in certain situations.

Like they are...

So mutants are a stand-in for any group, any marginal age that people fear and hate because they are different.

Yes.

But they have to be born that way as well.

Exactly.

Yes, exactly.

Or at least come into their...

But they were born that way.

Then they get their period and then their beauty.

Yes, exactly.

This is what happens.

Yes.

But then they also make Magneto an Auschwitz survivor.

Yes.

Right?

And it's like, no, but that's the thing you're...

This is the analogy.

Yeah.

Why are you pulling the real thing into the analogy for him?

They called it the X-Men double whammy for him.

It was like, man, you got fucked in both hands.

Double whammy.

An X-Men double whammy.

So yeah, he had it really, really bad.

I felt like it hurt the analogy that they were going for.

So you wanted him just to be locked up because he was Jewish?

I feel like that's not any different than what I'm saying.

You're trying to do a gotcha.

That's not interesting.

Paul has an interesting point of view on fake mutants.

You need to be all locked up in concentration camps.

All right, Paul.

Interesting.

Fake mutants in real concentration.

Wait, are you saying...

Okay, so are we saying that I want to lock up Magneto because he's Jewish?

Or do I think Ian McKellen is Jewish and he should be locked up?

I think both.

I think you're such a sicko that you think both things.

I'm not as...

I'm a regular O.

That's true.

Oh, they're spighettios, sickos.

What other kinds of o's are there?

Tando Newton's.

Big new Oton's.

Hey, it's wet day.

Anything could happen on wet day.

Oh, wild.

Oh, Henry.

Yeah.

Oh, Henry's a good one.

The candy bar and the guy.

Now, is the candy bar based on the guy?

No.

Then what the fuck are we doing here?

It's like baby Ruth.

It's got to be based on the guy.

No, it's not.

What the hell?

No, they say it is based on the president at the time his daughter, Herbert Hoover.

Herbert Hoover had a Hoover.

That's the guy.

He had to go.

And all the day he had to play.

I go, look at it, go, go, go.

So wait, he had a...

Okay, so this is like depression, Eric Candy or something.

It was like Calvin Coolidge.

It was somebody like that.

Someone had a...

Two-pression Eric Candy.

It wasn't during the depression.

I think it was...

Maybe it was Woodrow Wilson.

Somebody had a daughter named Ruth.

Someone had a daughter named Ruth.

They named a candy bar after her.

Yes.

And then this is like a logic puzzle.

Then this jackass Babe Ruth.

Yeah.

I bet his name wasn't even Babe.

No, it's...

He's changing it to be like the candy.

He's named Dr. St. Babe.

St. Babe?

Yes.

The pig?

The patron said it pigs.

Oh my God.

We are outside.

La, la, la.

Of course you can hear this, I believe it's a...

It sounds like an aeroplane to me.

Sounds like it has some sort of a jet engine, does it not?

I feel like it's a prop plane.

Sounds like props.

A propeller plane.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Let's give it a good listen.

Well, it is wet day and we're outside.

Is this hard for me to be the first guest?

Because we know each other so well and you have no questions for me.

What would you...

It's like we're just hanging out.

It's not like what...

Yeah, I mean, what do you have to do?

We're on my projects.

What's going on, Paul?

Nothing.

I know.

Me either.

I heard you got a movie the other day.

Yeah, I almost said I had a movie for a weekend.

That's got to be a great weekend.

And then my agents were like, hey, that offer was sent by accident.

How does one have an accident like that?

This is what I get.

It's like an old joke about like, did you trip in your dick fell in her, you know?

It's like...

That old joke?

You know that joke of like...

Hey everybody, welcome to the Copa.

I was definitely out of the fair.

What, did you trip in your dick fell in her?

Like did your...

Did you...

Now, Mr. Eddie Audel did.

Did your manager trip?

Their dick fell on the computer?

Here's what's so great.

Is that out of email?

This is my agents and my agents told me...

So in the morning of Friday, Friday morning, I get...

Prewet day.

Oh, this is a week before...

This is a week.

This is a month before...

A month before wet day?

No week before wet day.

Okay.

I get a call from...

I get a text from a friend of mine said, hey, a producer friend is looking to cast a role in this movie.

I said you'd be perfect for it.

You see.

If you're interested.

And I said, yeah, give me...

Here's my agents contact info.

A few hours go by, get an email from my agents office saying you have been offered this role, the script, or read the script.

I'm like, this is a great part.

Yeah, I'd love to do this.

It's like an indie film.

It's not like a big marvel movie or something like that.

And you know, I'm just...

I play Indiana.

Wow.

You have the hat for it today.

I wonder why you brought that big bowl whip.

This is longer practice.

There's hair.

Also, I'm afraid there's bowls around here.

Yeah, you have a whip though.

Oh my God.

Stay away.

Are they whipping bowls these days?

If they're smart.

Those things are dangerous.

They don't want to get gory.

Watch the jackass movie.

Exactly.

Not a bullwipping sight.

No, Johnny Knoxville.

Put a goddamn bullwip on your belt.

You can be out of jail.

That sentence was hard for you.

It was hard.

I got it out though eventually.

It felt like touch and go.

Yeah.

I almost had an aneurysm.

You'll get there.

Someday.

Please.

So, I responded to my agent immediately and say, yes, I would like to do this.

Then it's the weekend.

Then Monday rolls around.

The freaking weekend.

It was the ladies and gentlemen.

The weekend.

And Monday rolls around and like, I haven't heard anything about this movie that starts shooting.

Oh, it was soon.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, wins my fitting.

Yeah, exactly.

All this stuff.

How did they respond when I said I wouldn't learn the lines and I was just kind of riffed.

Yes.

You have to put cards on people, I can opposite me so I can read them.

Right.

I need, of course, a gigantic gym trailer.

Not gymnasium.

No, but a Reverend Jim trailer.

Yes, where I can go in there and be Reverend Jim for as long as I want.

Okay, okay.

What does a yellow light mean?

Oh, they're ready for you.

Oh, okay.

Um, be there on five.

So, um, so Tuesday, Tuesday, Tuesday, all of Monday goes by with you just sitting there wondering.

Yes.

It's a week before wet day.

Yes.

You should be concentrating on that.

I'm supposed to be buying presents, making cards, string together popcorn and ice cubes.

What presents, by the way, are you buying for wet day these days?

Well, since it's past, I can say.

Yeah.

Um, I got Jamie.

I got Jamie a wet car with a big, wet bow on it.

With a big, wet bow.

Mm hmm.

I got, I got cool up water.

Oh, that's great.

You need some, you know, it's like the basics.

You need some.

It's your first wet day together.

Yeah, you know, I mean, it's like it's hard to come up with like, what do you need on wet day?

Yes, of course, of course.

So, uh, then Tuesday morning, I responded to the same meal, my, that I got over the weekend or before the weekend.

And I said, I haven't heard anything from production.

Then I get a call.

And the call says, oh yeah, I need to talk to you about that offer.

Okay.

And this is my agent's assistant says, yes, uh, that offer was sent by accident.

That was my mistake.

Who sent it by accident?

I apologize profusely.

Meaning they sent it.

They're saying, they're saying the production made the mistake and somehow it led to, to my agents sending me this offer that I did not have.

Okay.

Interesting.

I don't know how that, how could that be possible?

And by the way, at that point, why don't you just go like, oh, well, let's hire Paul.

Well, they're going a different way.

Oh, a different way.

They're going a little older than me.

How old are we talking?

Well, I don't know.

I did hear that the description later I heard the description was, uh, Mark Marin, but nicer.

Oh, that's not you.

No, it's not Mark Marin, but worse.

That's me.

That's you.

That's me.

But nicer.

I don't know.

Well, that's unfortunate.

I don't know if it was nicer.

It might have been more, more approachable, more like warmer, more friendly, something like that.

Yeah.

All the everything that kind of like combines into being nicer.

Yeah.

Which basically means like we, we asked Mark Marin, he said, no.

Oh, so they, and it's like a slam on him.

Somebody was bad.

No, I think it's like, well, this is going to guy like him.

Yeah.

Well, that's too bad.

Can we say what the movie is so that people can really caught it?

Oh, no.

That's too bad.

Who's this friend who sent it to you?

I can't say that either.

God.

But his last name is Cameron.

Kirk Cameron?

Wait, this is one of those Christian films?

Yes, he said, he said, look, I got the script.

I can't read it.

Of course, it's not religious.

But there's probably a part in there for you.

How nice of it.

I mean, it was nice, but he didn't even know anything about it.

He was just like, this script came in.

He couldn't even read it.

This godless script came here by accident.

I can't have it in the house because God does not suffer the wicked to have wicked scripts in his home.

So will you look at it?

I bet there's a part of it.

He wasn't even suggesting me to someone else.

Really?

There's a part in there.

Yeah.

Wow.

It was nice of him, though.

I mean, I never spoke anymore.

But the thing is, it's not really nice because encoded in that, of course, is, well, you're going to hell.

You're going to hell.

So yeah, yeah.

Why don't you further on down the road to hell?

Further on down the road.

Further on down the road to hell.

What the hell?

We got to take a break.

Well, happy Wednesday to you.

We do have to take a break.

Happy Wednesday to you, Scott.

And look, the first of many, I hope.

Oh my God.

Yes.

God, if this was our last wet day and our children's children.

Yes, that's right.

And our children.

Can you imagine though, if either of us passed away before the next wet day and this was our only wet day?

Oh, did we make a count?

God, did we make a count?

Are we wet enough?

Did we earn this?

Could we have made this person wet or that person wet?

Again, what?

You building a loan?

Well, we do have to take a break, but this is our wet day special and very, very exciting.

Coming up, we have, and I don't know if any of our future guests are wet, but we have a couple of grandfathers.

I know you know about wet day.

Who knows?

We'll find out.

We have a financial planner.

No, you have to take off.

Is that right?

I can't stay here once I got it.

Okay.

Thanks for coming by.

Appreciate it.

When we come back.

Well, that got ran away.

Shimi, you're still here.

Scott.

Why are you still here, Shimi?

I can't find my way out.

It's right there.

What?

It makes a better door than a window.

I see a window.

No, that's a door.

I see a bad window.

No, just turn that, see that round thing about halfway down?

A big, you're part of it.

Yeah, you know what I'm pointing to.

All right, we got to take a break and we come back.

We'll be have no more Paul F. Tomkins, but we'll have some other people will be right back with more wet day special after this.

Like what the movie said.

Comedy bang bang wet day special and this is Scott Ockermann Paul if Tomkins had to take off.

Shimi's around, I think.

He's just wandering.

He's very friendly.

I love you guys.

Who are you talking to, Jimmy?

Everybody.

Everybody in the world?

Yeah.

Happy one day.

He shimmy knows what a day is.

I'm drenched.

You are.

But that's not water, right?

What is it?

What wet you?

Nobody said it had to be water.

You wet you, Shimi.

All right, well, we have to get to our next guests.

This is exciting.

They are the aforementioned two grandfathers.

Please welcome to the show Spike and Mike Mink salmon.

Let me tell you, if anything happens to my granddaughter, I'm going to visit you and you're not going to be happy about it.

Okay.

All right.

Look at our grandkids.

Okay, so not.

Wait.

Oh, you share a grandchild?

We each have a granddaughter.

And don't go near her.

And is it the same granddaughter?

If we see you near our granddaughter while she's swinging on the playground, you'll have a problem.

Okay.

All right.

If my granddaughter is coloring and something makes her go outside the lines, I'm going to come for you.

Okay.

We'll have to get it taken care of.

I doubt I'll be even coming into contact with your granddaughter.

Stay away.

Is it the same person?

I do need to figure that out because like you seem to be a related.

Well, I mean, you have the same last name.

Are you related?

Yes.

We're brothers.

Okay.

So or you could be, you could be married.

We could be.

But we're not.

But you're not.

Okay.

So your brothers, but if we were going to get married and our granddaughter was at our wedding, you don't need to get near the wedding.

Okay.

Your granddaughter is the flower girl at our wedding, walking down the aisle, sprinkling rose petals.

And you show up there.

You're not going to like what happens.

We'll have to take care of you.

You'll end up in a Chicago overcoat.

Yep.

What is a Chicago overcoat?

A coffin.

A coffin?

Really?

That's right.

They call that a Chicago overcoat.

Even outside of Chicago.

Right.

Everywhere around the country, they call it a Chicago.

Everyone knows it's a Chicago overcoat.

Are you guys from Chicago?

I know.

Yeah, I can tell you're like from back east and you're from the south.

Is that right?

We're from the same place.

Exactly the same place.

Sort of the southern part of Philadelphia.

Oh, okay.

South Philly.

Okay.

That's right.

Okay.

And you guys are brothers.

We're brothers.

And you have a one of you as a granddaughter and one of you.

I have a granddaughter and I have a granddaughter and you better stay away.

I'm not going to come into even contact with your granddaughter unless I already know her.

In a Brooklyn shawl.

If you come near.

Let me guess a coffin.

Is that another?

Yeah.

Everyone in the country calls it that.

Everyone everywhere calls it a coffin.

Who is your girl?

You mean the Brooklyn shawl?

A Brooklyn shawl.

I made a mistake.

Everyone makes mistakes.

If it happens.

If you bring up that mistake one more time, you're in trouble.

All right.

My granddaughter will know about it.

It happens that people make mistakes.

But what if I make the mistake of getting too close to your granddaughter?

Listen, I'm not going to tell you again.

My granddaughter is off limits.

If you go near my granddaughter, you're going to get a Saint Paul slacks.

Saint Paul slacks.

That's right.

What is a let me guess a coffin?

It's a coffin.

Yeah.

And everyone calls it that.

Everyone calls it a coffin.

I mean.

Everyone.

So you have to take this coffin glossary.

It shows you all the different states and all the different coffins.

Okay.

Arkansas.

Left sock.

That's right.

Okay.

New Mexico.

Or did you guys already say New Mexico?

No, we have a brother in New Mexico.

We do.

You stay away from our brother.

Don't get close.

Who's this brother?

Leave his granddaughter alone.

Okay.

Look, everyone is a granddaughter.

Pretty much, right?

No.

That math doesn't check out.

But about 50% of the world is a granddock.

Yes.

Right?

On the dot.

Like almost impossible to not be a granddock.

50% of the world are grandparents.

Yeah.

You have to try not to be.

50% of the world aren't grandparents.

I'm saying 50% of the world are granddock.

And yet you were right.

50% of the world are grandparents.

Grandfamily.

So what are you guys here to talk about?

Maybe you saw the bumper sticker on the back of our car.

I did not.

I love my grandfamily.

You have the same bumper sticker, but separate cars?

Yes.

Separate cars.

Same bumper.

We have to drive right next to each other.

Oh, because of that.

One bumper sticker has half of it and the other bumper sticker has one.

And unfortunately for us, it's perforated.

So it could tear very easily.

They didn't tell us that till after we bought the bumper sticker.

Oh, no.

How much is this bumper sticker?

Twenty.

Twenty dollars and you couldn't just say it less than 20,000.

Twenty thousand dollars.

I mean, it is longer than normal bumper stickers.

The part that's not perforated is very strong.

What happens if you're...

Once he took a left and I dragged him.

I still have the scars.

Scars like you're going to have if you touch my granddock.

Yeah, I'm not going to touch your granddock.

Don't go near.

Do I know her?

You better not know my granddock.

You don't even want me to know her?

You know her well.

I know.

But I do know her?

You know her too well.

A little too well.

You get a little too close.

Who is this granddaughter?

You better stop asking questions about my granddaughter whom you already know very well.

Are there eight simple rules for knowing your granddaughter or...

There's eleven rules.

There's eleven.

That's right.

Can I know those?

Yes.

Okay.

Let's hear them.

One.

Starting all the way at the most important.

Wow.

No.

The higher it gets them more.

Yes, yes.

One is the easiest one.

Okay.

Don't go near my granddaughter.

Okay.

Now these are rules for getting near your granddaughter.

Yes.

Number one is don't get...

That's right.

Don't call her by name.

Okay.

Don't even look at her.

Okay.

Keep her name out of your mouth.

Okay.

Number five.

Keep her name out of your fucking mouth.

Okay.

Very similar to the previous rule.

Don't buy her anything.

Buy her anything.

Okay.

Like, what are we talking about?

Yes.

I guess that is buying something...

I think anything covers it.

Don't buy her anything.

That means there's not a thing you could buy accidentally that's okay.

Don't buy her anything.

Anything.

So from a spark plug, the tiniest spark plug.

The fur on the side of the road.

We're not going to know as Arctis with you.

Don't buy her anything.

A zebra.

Okay.

That's number seven, I think.

Yes.

Number eight.

Turn around and walk away.

Okay.

Right now?

Or...

It's in the rules.

I'm in the middle of the show.

Okay.

All right.

Number nine.

Do not under any circumstances.

Some of these rules have their own words.

That's okay.

Sounds tricky, but it's intuitive.

Is it like the English word circumstances?

Does it?

Exactly.

It relates to that a little bit?

It relates to that, yes.

But it's a totally different definition?

Not totally.

Some of the words are the same.

Totally, not totally.

So under any...

Do not under any circumstances.

Help her get out of a situation.

Of any situation.

Any situation.

Any stoke abstances.

Under stoke abstances.

Don't help her get out of any situation.

Okay.

All right.

Ten.

Watch your language and be polite.

Okay.

He's getting further and further away from the English I know.

And then there's got to be one and the most important rule, number eleven.

This one you better remember.

Okay.

Don't look at her.

You don't look at her.

Okay.

I think I can remember the gist of all that.

Read them back.

Don't have anything to do with her.

Don't go near.

Don't buy anything for her.

Good.

Keep her name out of my fucking mouth.

Proceed.

Keep her name out of my mouth without the fucking...

Good.

And don't go near her.

Yes.

And under any stoke abstances.

Stoke abstances.

Don't help her out of a situation.

I think I got her.

That was only four.

No.

That was way more than four.

Look, I don't even...

I don't know your granddaughter.

Why do you love your granddaughter so much?

Yes.

I will keep it that way.

Although, apparently I do know her, but why do you love her?

Did you really ask us why do we love our granddaughter so much?

Yeah, I do love your granddaughter.

They're a pain in the ass as far as I'm concerned.

Have you ever been on the other side of a seesaw with your granddaughter?

Have you ever been at the park sitting on a bench watching your granddaughter on a swing?

And then every once in a while she says, look how high I go pop up and you say, I see your kid, you're flying.

Have you ever got your granddaughter for the last half of the day and you take her out to get food and ice cream?

And she wasn't supposed to have ice cream.

Have you ever yelled at your granddaughter so bad you scared her into tears and then your daughter-in-law of your dead son gets upset?

This sounds very specific.

No, I have not done any of these things.

Did you have one more?

Do you drive a late 80s Chrysler?

Have a friend named Salamanca.

Oh, this sounds pretty specific.

No, I don't have either of those things.

Are you the enforcer, friend, secret drug lord who fronts a chain of chicken restaurants?

No, unfortunately I'm not.

No, well it sounds like you're going to have to be put into a Washington DC mini T.

What did DC isn't even a state?

Wow, they made it in there.

Taxation without representation is tyranny.

Or are you political?

Just on that school.

Just on that, what do you think of taxes in general?

I don't like to pay them, but if you want to stay legitimate, you've got to pay you tax.

You've got to pay a few of them.

It's nice that we have nice roads to drive on to do our business.

And that's what taxes do.

Interesting.

So now why did you guys come on the show?

To warn you about getting close to our daughter.

Sure, that's grand daughter that is.

Grand daughter, yes.

Sometimes I say daughter, but we mean grand daughter.

Okay, but other than that.

Also we run a Dairy Queen.

Okay.

We're currently running a Dairy Queen into the ground.

On purpose.

It's okay.

Don't ask any questions.

Which Dairy Queen do you mind saying where it's at?

It's on south six.

No, do not come to it.

We need the write off.

Once it fails, we'll get a big tax deduction.

Are you able to sell the food though?

We got rid of the blizzards.

That's why it's doing so poorly.

We replaced the blizzards with chunky white gravy.

So no ice cream at all?

Just white gravy?

No ice cream.

We ordered some of those McDonald's ice cream machines and they're always out of order.

Have you changed the name of the business to like gravy queen?

You know, I mean, it sounds kind of dirty, maybe.

We know what gravy people coming in there and getting satisfied.

We briefly changed it to gravy queen.

We had a lot of pornographers coming up to us.

The place was crawling with freaks.

You can imagine we were worried about our granddaughters.

Right.

Oh, I can only imagine.

Well, your business establishment is a haven.

Our granddaughter is always eating in at our Dairy Queen by herself in the window.

So don't even drive by.

OK, so a lot of gravy, but you say it's on sixth.

If you go by a Dairy Queen with a cute little girl sitting in the window eating gravy with a big smile on her face, you better turn your car around and drive away.

Why'd you pick Dairy Queen?

Was it just like a granddaughters favorite restaurants?

Oh, really?

We looked up the top 10 favorite granddaughters favorite restaurants.

And found Dairy Queen.

So then you became a one with a bullet, which is what you'll get if you go near my granddaughter.

The bullet, not the number one, I'm assuming.

So you became, you became...

I will present you with a number one trophy.

It says number one looked at my granddaughter and then I'll shoot you.

So you became franchisees.

Is that a romanticizer?

And how difficult was that process?

Very difficult.

You have to only buy certain ingredients from the main Dairy Queen office, which is really hard because you could buy from other suppliers cheaper and make a bigger profit.

But it's frowned upon by the Dairy Queen people.

OK, but that's why you moved into gravy then because you didn't want to pay for their prices for the ice cream or?

Or, Avi is the cheapest product they sell.

And also the most unpleasant thing to get when you're expecting ice cream.

And we need the tax deduction.

There's also a very challenging written test.

To become one of these, really.

Yeah.

OK, and this is all based on like ingredients of the various things or Dairy Queen lore.

We kept saying that the blizzard was a cold weather experience.

OK.

How did you pass the test?

We cheated.

Oh, OK.

We got someone else to take it for us because the final question was how much do you hate your granddaughter?

Oh, no.

So who took it for you?

Who was that?

This guy.

Yes, scumbag.

Who hates his granddaughter?

And he was able to pass that final question with me flying colors.

Wow.

Had no guilt saying he hated his granddaughter.

Why is that important to the Dairy Queen?

Incorporation.

Because kids are a big part of their business.

And they want to make sure that you don't love grandkids.

Why?

You said that like it made sense.

But it didn't.

If you question, I love for our grandchild.

I'm not questioning that.

I'm questioning why the Dairy Queen corporation needs you to hate your grandkids.

You don't need to know.

We're going to give you a trophy.

And then we're going to shoot you in the back of a head and put you in a Louisiana fitted sheet.

I'd rather just have the trophy.

I don't need the being shot in the back of a head.

Can I just have the trophy?

Is that possible?

You're going to end up with some Delaware drapes.

So we've moved on past clothing.

We may go back to it.

But right now we're in bedding and housewares.

Wow.

If you're not careful, you're going to end up in a Florida fingertip towel.

So that must take up a lot of your time.

But do you have a working and turning people away from the Dairy Queen saying, no, we only have gravy today?

Yeah, it takes a lot of our time.

But also, we are those guys at the boardwalk who dress in silver paint and be still.

But we have trouble being still.

Yeah, you guys are really squirrely.

I know this.

And I've ruined the illusion of being a silver robot.

Unfortunately, our granddaughters are nearby and unattended so we can't be still.

Are those guys supposed to be motionless to fool you into thinking their statues or robots?

Because I would assume a robot moves.

Not all robots move.

A coffee maker is a robot.

It doesn't go anywhere.

It's it.

Here's my thing about robots.

And let's see if you agree.

Okay.

Everyone's like, oh no, we can't we can't create robots because they're going to take over the world.

Don't give them thumbs.

Case closed.

We're going to call our granddaughter and see what she says.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, call her up.

You've actually asked this to our granddaughter because you know her well.

Yeah, I've talked about this with your granddaughter already.

We were furious.

All right, let's give her a call.

Here we go, dialing the number that you guys gave me.

Hello.

Why did I say hello first?

I don't.

Mom.

Hi, this is Scott Ockerman of Comedy Bang Bang.

Who?

Scott.

It's okay, honey.

It's pop up.

Hi, pop up.

You can talk to this man, but don't let him talk to you for too long.

Okay.

I'm playing.

I love you.

I know you're playing really good.

I love you too.

Thanks.

What?

What are you playing?

Do you mind me asking?

Is that okay to ask?

Easy.

I'm separating my Halloween canyon to piles.

Oh, really late to do that.

I guess.

It's wet day already.

Thank you.

Don't criticize my granddaughter.

We let her eat all the old candies that she wants.

Okay.

So what are the categories you're celebrating?

All candies, Halloween candy, because candy is sold year round.

I put them into piles of all their different flavors.

Oh, look at that.

Great.

You're so smart.

We have this peanut butter cup, sous, pieces.

Do you have piles of...

No, only I'm done.

She's not done.

Okay.

Don't interrupt my granddaughter.

Or...

I'm going to give you a trophy.

It's not there.

Stop there.

I'm good at that.

I'm now in late years watching my collates.

Peppermint kids.

What?

What's that?

What was that?

Come from Peppermint Kids.

What do you mean Peppermint Kids?

What's that sweet?

It's somebody messing with you.

What's Peppermint Kids?

It's a mush together Peppermint Patty and Sour Patch Kids.

Okay.

That's not one of our code words.

So everything's fine.

Everything's fine.

But you have code words and what happens if the granddaughter says one of the code words.

You get a trophy and then you're presented with a Pennsylvania patio set.

But do you guys have go bags or anything?

Or like I would imagine your granddaughter's go bag is just filled with Halloween candy.

Is that...

Imagine things about my granddaughter.

It's got a lot of candy and a lot of gravy.

Stacks of five pennies.

Apples.

Stacks of five pennies.

Floss.

Ain't...

Watermelon suckers.

Okay.

Are you done?

Honey?

Okay.

Say she has floss.

That's a good girl.

Good girl.

Okay.

Say goodbye.

No.

We haven't asked her about...

So see you knew her.

Creating thumbs on robots yet.

Sounds familiar.

What do you think about creating thumbs on robots?

Hey.

Oh, she's still there.

As...

You Scott, are we gonna...

Are we meeting up again today?

Uh...

You better stay away from my granddaughter.

Don't you dare.

Who are you?

I don't...

They say I know you really well.

Who is this?

You know my name.

Who?

Don't tell them honey.

Don't say it.

What is your day?

We work together all the time.

We do.

What?

Yeah.

I'm...

You don't recognize this name.

Where am I seeing you?

You see this person every day.

Every single day.

Cool up?

You better stay away.

Don't you dare.

Don't ever bring up your daughter.

Be careful.

You're on thin ice.

We're gonna drive side by side over to your house and then put you in a New York grill.

Grill.

This is the cookware.

That's right.

Cookware portion.

Okay.

It's that kind that was advertised on podcast there for a while.

Hey honey, what do you think about the thumbs on robots?

Are you still there?

I'm here.

I was just...

I was playing a new game.

Oh, what's the game honey?

I was counting letters.

How many are there?

26 right?

Yeah, but not.

You can count.

I figured out you can count different letters multiple times.

So like, oh, that's amazing.

So like be for instance, you could count it how many times.

I've counted these a hundred times, 114 times so far.

Wow.

That's a lot of times to count a B.

I'm coming over.

Don't condescend to my old friend.

Hey, I'm coming over Scott.

I want to play against your house again.

I don't think you should go over.

Honey, listen to pop pop.

Don't come over here just yet.

Okay.

You might not be here by the time you get here.

I'm out of a trophy by the time you're here.

Might be wearing something.

B1.

Okay.

Say goodbye, honey.

Say goodbye.

F.

You're just gonna have to hang up.

Yeah.

Okay.

Bye.

So, what have you learned?

I'm not placing the voice, I have to say.

I mean, someone I see every single day.

Every single day.

The majority of the day.

I think it's just cool.

You spend nine hours or more with this person every single day.

Definitely got to be cool out, but she doesn't have any Halloween candy.

She doesn't talk like a little baby.

And I don't think either of you are a grandfather.

Don't insult my granddaughter.

If you say we are lying about having a granddaughter, we will come over there.

Very weird you would say that.

Anytime someone says like, we would lie about having a granddaughter.

You better watch your step.

Be careful.

If you think we are just boardwalk performers that are lying about our granddaughters.

Just to get on this show?

And don't even have a Dairy Queen franchise.

Look, I would have had you guys on just as the boardwalk performers.

That's, I mean, maybe even more interesting than having granddaughters.

We said to your producer that we were a huge fan of Wet Day.

And we washed off all our silver and we got sopping wet and we came down here.

We came right down here.

Okay.

But why the, I'm assuming you guys are lying.

Is that?

If you say we're lying about having a granddaughter, then you might be a redneck.

Okay.

Yeah.

Might be.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have the financial advisor and Mike and Ike, or Mike and Spike.

I can't even remember you guys' name.

Mike and Spike.

Brother is Mike.

Our brother is Mike Airmen trout.

Right.

Oh, from, from better cause all that's right.

Finley fictionalized.

Oh, okay.

I understand this whole thing now.

Now, now we've.

Did it really take you that long?

All right.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more from these guys.

Mike and Spike.

No, Spike and Ike, and we'll have a financial advisor.

Do you guys, you guys are having financial problems?

I would imagine you're just street performers.

That was a lie.

That was a lie too.

Our only financial problem is we're not getting enough paper money in the hat.

So what was the money?

And we're being sued by Foxworthy.

For saying that right then?

We say it often.

Okay.

We tour with it.

Oh, no.

Okay.

You should not be doing that.

Well, when we come back, our act is called the two Jeff Fox.

Okay.

Yeah, you are in trouble.

He'll win that lawsuit.

All right.

We're going to be right back with the financial advisor more from Mike and Spike or Spike and Ike.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

We have this wet day.

Comedy bang bang.

We have, we're here with Spike and, uh, Spike and Mike.

It's Spike and Mike.

It's Spike and Ike.

Okay.

I'm Mike Salmon.

Our brother is Mike Ehrman Trove and he had to wait, but his name is Mike.

Finley Lake.

Chantalize.

Who?

You?

Yes.

Okay.

Well, like we have brother Mike plays himself until.

He plays himself.

I don't think so.

But then you guys are the fictionalized ones.

I understand.

That's right.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

You're imagining us.

Okay.

Sure.

Uh, I mean, it's wet day.

Anything could happen when you get this wet.

So, you wet day.

Thank you so much guys.

If you are really here, but I know someone who is here and we need to welcome him.

He has been on the show several times.

He's a financial advisor.

Please welcome back Doug Grove.

Hi, Scott.

It's great.

It's great to be here.

It's wonderful to be back.

What an energy in the sky.

The sun is beating down.

It's throwing energy through my body.

I feel like we're coming out of the pandemic.

It's wet day for God damn sick.

It's wet day.

Happy wet day to you and many hamburgers to you.

And happy wet day to you.

Yes.

I love it.

I love the whole idea of it.

I heard you talking earlier about songs.

You were just talking about wet day.

I heard you talking about wet day.

It brought me energy.

It brought me goodness.

And it got them filled up my mind with happiness.

And I'll tell you, I thought of that song.

What's that song called?

Happy birthday.

Happy birthday to you.

I thought of this song.

And I was like, well, think of what cake is.

A cake is a drive piece of wheat meat.

And it's covered in a what?

A cake.

Top of it.

Typically, yeah.

Like a bride and groom?

Well, it could be that.

And what's underneath that?

What is the slice in between?

Did you bring this super loud plant?

Well, if you look at it, that's my plan.

And I've got a little.

It's got my website.

My website.

Just in case people are listening, that's my website.

What is your website?

You wrote me, but don't sweep me under the dug.com.

And now.

And under the dug?

Shouldn't that be?

But don't sweep me under the dug.com.

Shouldn't that be a sweep me under the rug?

Well, it should have been.

That wasn't available.

Someone took.

So I took Sweet Me Under the Dug.

And it sometimes things work out.

And when you have a positive attitude in life, things are going to work out sometime.

How are you coming out of the pandemic?

I'm great.

It's good to see you again, by the way.

You've been on the show several times.

Doug is a financial advisor.

I can't remember anything you've ever talked about.

No.

And that's the beauty of it.

Because everything we talk about in the past lives in the past.

And I live in the future.

And I live in the now.

But now we live in the future.

We live in the past.

And we live in the future, hopefully.

In my mind, we never live in the now.

We only live in the future.

Our hopes only live in the future.

Think about what a hope is.

What is a hope?

I mean, it's something that you wish for, or something you try to achieve in your life.

That's right.

Scott, God damn.

Every time I think I'm losing hope in humanity, somebody like you comes along, and you push me into this world where I have this.

I think it's bad.

You're losing hope for.

We have.

It has been problematic over the last time.

I don't want to give a specific.

The last time?

The last time.

If I do want me to say 20, 30 years, it's been bad for a while.

OK.

What's been going on?

Doug, what's been going on?

Well, as you knew, before the pandemic, did you lose your granddaughter?

To be honest, I have several granddaughters who like you.

Has anyone ever challenged that they're real?

No, I am very.

I have sort of a different attitude about my granddaughters, where I like to welcome them into the world and let them go out and meet whoever they want.

Different from what?

Well, different from what you got.

It appears to me, and this is good because we all have different angles on like.

You let your granddaughters lose.

Yeah.

And by losing, they're winning, right?

Because don't you win when you lose.

You mean you don't lose.

But you let them lose.

I let them lose.

You let them lose what?

If I had a granddome, I would let her win every time.

Every time.

Well, and I respect that.

I respect everybody's opinion.

Listen.

Are you saying you're an absentee grandfather?

I didn't even think you were that old of a gentleman.

I think you might be a redneck.

You can't say that on my show either.

Sorry.

If you let your grandmother lose.

I am absolutely.

What kind of venues are you guys playing?

Boardwalk.

Just boardwalk?

That's it.

Outdoor sea salt spray.

I see you guys.

What about park plays?

So Doug, Doug, what's it?

High Scott.

You're here to talk about some of your ways to get financial independence.

Is that what your thing is?

Here's the thing.

I know we all went through the pandemic.

We all got these checks.

The stimulus checks.

You know, your granddaughter didn't go through the pandemic.

We wouldn't let her lock down.

That's part of going through the pandemic.

We wouldn't let her lock down.

Oh, you wouldn't let her lock down.

No, no, no.

You're not locking down our granddome.

You let her lose.

We let her lose.

But only because people wanted to lock her down.

So anything anyone wants to do for your granddaughter, even if it's helpful, you want to do the opposite.

We want the opposite.

I love that.

God damn it.

I love that.

I think that's wonderful.

Can you let her lose?

You let her out there?

You let her enjoy the world?

You let her find her own pitfalls?

That's wonderful.

How much can I ask you?

How much did you receive in stimulus?

In stimulus?

Yeah.

And we'll go around and we'll all talk about it.

I think we all got the same thing, didn't we?

I got none.

That's the lowest you can get.

That's the lowest you could get.

You didn't qualify for the stimulus they got given to everyone.

I did not qualify for legal reasons.

And you didn't meet the one criteria, which was to be a citizen of the United States.

Oh, you're not a citizen.

Well, technically, I'm not.

I never signed up.

Oh, wait.

Where were you born?

I was born.

Did you take the test?

I was born.

I was born in Portsmouth, New Hampshire, but not under the United States.

Oh, you were like there was there a little corner or something that was like sovereign land or my parents.

They came from Portugal.

And they quickly came over here.

And as we landed, this is going to sound like a joke.

But as we landed, I came out of my mother as somebody was asking, are you a US citizen?

And as I came out of her, you know, vagina, yeah, for a job.

I came out and you're posing right now like you were doing like a Bert Reynolds naked in cosmopolitan.

Well, it's funny you say that.

It's funny you say that because you came out with a big mustache.

You covered in hair.

I was born.

I you probably were born with Bert Reynolds style here.

And we can't we can't joke.

Be careful.

And I would never I would never I was reverse where you have a that sounds like regular.

It's you have a lot and then you have none.

No, it's for a baby.

It only lasts while you're a baby.

Oh, I see.

So you have a lot when you have a baby when a baby has a baby hair when you lose your then you have none.

You have none when an adult has baby teeth.

And then you get it back when old people lose their hair.

Yeah, exactly.

So you're you're in the middle right now of a of a hair sandwich sort of.

Yeah.

Yum.

Give me that right now.

I knew we shouldn't have taped this right at dinner time.

You just mentioned hair sandwich and all of our guests start rubbing their mouth.

Stop teasing me.

I want that hair.

I cannot say it one more time.

So anyway, I was not a US citizen.

You came out posing like verticals.

Why does that make you not a US citizen?

It sounds like you were born to the back.

Yeah, you came out to come.

You have to feel like there's no steps missing.

No, because I never came out of the fridge.

I know I can't.

On US soil.

You never touched the ground.

I didn't touch the soil and that's in the soil.

Oh, wait.

I wonder.

Okay, you've been on stilts this whole time.

Are you not touching?

No, they are live.

Well, they've never been.

I've never touched US soil.

How many soils have you touched?

I've never touched soil.

Intentional.

Wow.

Because if you were just to put your foot down on US soil, you would finally be a US citizen.

You would have gotten a stimulus check.

That's right.

And that is one benefit that I would have had.

Right.

But what are the what are the?

Do you pay taxes?

Well, I get to you.

Oh, yes, you don't have to.

Do you pay taxes?

I don't pay one penny.

Give me.

I'm sorry, but are you kidding?

Be reverse.

I don't pay taxes.

And so therefore, I can conduct business all throughout the United States.

I never touch US soil and I never have to pay an ounce of business.

If your hands touch soil, does that count?

It does not because I've never.

It's got to be the feet.

It has to be the feet.

So you've got to the government.

To the government.

Touching US soil.

You guard non-stilts.

You might be a redneck.

Hey, guys, you can't.

I did fall.

I remember once I took a.

There's another banner.

What does it say?

Oh, look at that.

That is my phone number.

That's my phone number.

Oh, yeah.

Read it out.

You see one for us.

800.

555-229-639472.

Too many numbers.

And that's how people can get ahold of you?

It's an extension.

Oh, it's an extension.

Yeah, there's another one that should come through with a coupon code.

Those planes, by the way, were flying side by side with a big banner that had like a pervoration.

A lot like their bumper sticker.

Yeah.

Those must be brothers.

Brothers who fly planes?

Wow.

They might be redneck.

Okay.

You must be a redneck.

Is that an order that fucks were?

That's how we'll get around it.

You must be.

He can't sue us if we say must.

Guys.

Okay, Doug.

Oh, what do you got, Doug?

So the first thing, first rule, is not touch US soil.

If you have touch US soil, are there other money-saving tactic?

Well, I'll tell you this.

Here's why I'm here.

Oh, and I'm going to bring it down.

I need to bring it down for a second.

Okay.

What do you got?

It's been hard coming out of the pandemic.

We have these stimulus checks, right?

We're all wondering how to- Except you.

We're all except for myself.

We're wondering how to spend them.

And I'm- I don't think that's been the problem.

We've had them in our bank account.

We've not touching them.

We've not so much money.

No, please.

We just don't even know how to spend.

I've come up with a multi-layer system on how to spend your stimulus checks.

Oh.

That- Multi-layered like a casserole.

A several-step program.

Okay.

Seven-layer steps.

It's seven-layer multi-step.

And a hot-dabbing- Seven-simple layers for steps to avoid taxes.

That's- Well, sort of.

Sort of.

What are these layers?

Okay.

First of all, the first layer is financial fasting.

Now, a lot of- Hmm.

A lot of you guys are probably like, well, I get confused.

How am I going to spend this?

How much did you get again?

Was it 20- I think it was 500 bucks.

Wasn't there something like that?

500 dollars.

I don't know.

Well, it wasn't for a lot of people.

It was in the thousands.

It was- Oh, okay.

It made me just a couple of hours.

The first time it was 1600.

Oh, okay.

Then they said they were going to get- give 2000, but instead they just gave 400 more.

They said, see, 2000.

See?

2000.

Yeah.

Great stuff.

So here we are.

Everybody stuck with this $2000.

And what are you going to do?

How do you get rid?

I think- How do you spend?

I would pay my bills no problem.

Just wondering what to do with that 2000.

2000 for two years?

Perfect.

Right.

And I think that the best thing there in what I can only assume is some sort of high-interest bearing savings account.

Right.

Yes.

Yeah, an IRA.

Is that something?

Well, we put it in a SEVIRA.

We put it in a SEVIRA.

You put it in your business account?

Retirement.

Immediately to retirement, which I can't spin now because I'm over the retirement age.

And every penny we make goes to our granddaughters who do not exist, but if they do, then you might be a redneck.

You're not for must not be a redneck.

Well, that's fantastic.

That's also a good workaround.

That absolutely- That- You shall be a redneck.

You will be a redneck.

No, shall be a redneck.

That will be a redneck.

That's enough of a change where I think you can get away.

The 10 redneck commandments.

How shall he- Do not covet thou redneck.

Do not covet your neighbors' car up on blocks.

Do not murder someone for stealing your barbecue sauce.

We don't have enough time, obviously.

You must buy your wife as much jewelry as you buy your horse.

And you're going to get in trouble for that by someone else, I think.

You don't want him to show up, by the way.

This guy, Dalton Wilcox.

Anyway, so- Yeah.

Financial fasting.

Yeah.

Thanks for bringing it back.

Thanks for bringing it back because that's what- We're all- We are all working as a team.

Well, in what way?

In what capacity?

How is that possible?

Well, because all this money has- The whole point of this money was to be shot back into the economy to give us a stimulus, correct?

But no one spends it because it's too much.

Nobody is spending it.

Too much money.

Because they couldn't decide how to spend it.

They can't decide how to spend it.

They can't decide when to spend it.

They can't decide how to spend it or what to spend it on.

So what's your solution?

The solution is to sign up.

I mean, I'm not going to give you the full solution right here, but you can go to my website.

Why not?

Give us one solution.

Give us the final solution.

The final?

Does it involve Magneto?

No.

You know what?

I refuse to give you the final- So you're just going to bring up this problem and then you're going to say, absolutely this is bad podcasting.

No Magneto, no I can say.

Listen, I'm a business man.

I'm a business man, Scott.

I'm looking for make money.

I'm just saying, normally when you go on one of these shows, it's like you don't see a chef go on a show and be like, okay, well, you know, today I'm going to make, you know, rabbit stew.

I think they would absolutely do that.

And then they go like, but I'm not going to tell you how.

I've seen that exact thing happen several times.

I've seen people go on shows and talk about their rabbit stew.

I don't know why rabbit stew eat rabbit stew.

You must out be a rabbit.

If you walk by, say you walked by a rabbit stew with my stimulus check.

I'm like, I have a week.

Two thousand dollars.

We shouldn't take this at dinner time.

What is true?

Where do they sell?

Rabbit stew.

What if you walked by Daryl's ice cream?

I'm a Dairy Queen guy.

Thank you.

Oh, I love it.

Go to Daryl's.

But I'm thinking of something small town.

A small town business.

Darryl's ice cream.

Okay.

And if Daryl.

If you walked by, would they just give you the ice cream on the outside?

Would they throw out little pieces of the ice cream?

I would expect to have to go inside to do it.

But yeah, they might give it to me.

And then you would have to buy it, right?

Hmm.

I mean, tell me I'm wrong.

But here's where the metaphor is sort of different.

If you were to appear on a podcast and say I'm an ice cream maker, I would expect you to bring ice cream.

Yeah.

And I have brought.

What is?

You brought ice cream?

I have brought ice cream for you guys.

Oh, go.

I brought Daryl's ice cream for you.

Oh, wow.

And I'm going to hand it out right now.

Oh, okay.

You guys can each taste some of this.

Oh, my, not as good as a hair sandwich, but I'll take it.

And what are you craving on it?

My, my, OK.

I wish I'd eaten some rabbit stew first.

Now, where do you spend your money?

Because come on.

You're not going to tell us.

So why even bring this up?

I have a question.

I'm going to have a friend named Hector Salamanca.

And he has an online shopping addiction.

What would you say to him?

I'm going to tell him right now to lean into it, to spend more spend everything, spend even more.

You don't have a biobank ripsi.

I think that's a clean slate.

Absolutely.

That's going to make him say ding, ding, ding.

Very quickly.

I'll give you a taste of what my program is about.

Okay.

Yeah, give us something.

Besides the financial.

And you can slow it to feel free to slow it down.

No, I'm going to slow it down.

If you say it that quickly, then suddenly there's no reason to have you on the show.

Guys, remember this.

These are just some ideas.

Old money is new money.

Go out and find things that you've spent money on and get it back immediately.

Number four, go get a refund.

Get a monthly refund.

Spend some of that money.

Make a refund on everything you've spent on.

Okay.

Whether you've got something, whether you've dropped it back?

No, you take it back and you demand it back.

You just demand a refund for every single thing you bought.

If I've had the thing for years, you demand it the money back.

Here's something though.

Like if it even works 10% of the time, it's like you're getting a 10% raise.

And I can tell you right now it's going to work 100% of the time.

It's like if you go up to somebody and say, I'll murder you if you touch my granddaughter.

Yes.

Nine times out of 10, they're going to slap you in the face.

But that 10th time, they'll be screaming.

I'm in Texas.

Absolutely.

Just data.

Guys, we've moved on to food.

Now I'm going to get his dinner time.

Next time.

Give me more than I do.

Go out and get a massage.

Treat yourself to something.

But instead of getting a happy ending, get a confusing ending.

Get it.

Don't get happy ending.

What is that?

A confusing ending is where you look the person in the eye as they're doing it and you offer them a dinner.

You take them out to dinner and you spend the night with them.

You spend the night and you talk about exactly what happened.

Sounds more like your catch raise is yum yum yum yum yum.

And then that must be a right thing.

That was yummy.

Shout these.

Guys, I'm telling you right now, hi, you are almost toppling on those stilts.

You are almost falling.

Be careful.

You're going to touch soil.

You're not going to believe I've never fallen.

I've never fallen.

I've come very close.

You learned to walk on those things.

I've come.

Yeah, I learned to walk on stilts.

I hear you.

So your parents didn't want you to be a US citizen.

I know they were.

So you came out.

Harry is Hill on still.

I hear just the mustache and just a beautiful head of hair and chest hair and chest hair.

Where shall he be then if he has all that?

You came out of the womb with just a mustache, chest hair and beautiful head hair.

Thou shalt be a redneck.

I love that.

That was shout.

Shout.

S-H-O-U-T.

Let it all out.

So that's just a taste.

That's just a taste and go to my website.

Go to my website, pay for it and then demand a refund.

Always demand a refund.

Although I'm working on that.

That could change.

Use my coupon code if you can.

What do we have?

To add on 10%.

Add on 10%.

If you want to add on 10% to the car.

Like the typical.

What's the code?

No.

Add on 10%.

I want that code.

Do you want to try this?

Give us that code.

Do you want to try this?

If you want to try this, let me know, brother, all one word.

Do you want to try this?

If you want to try this, let me know, brother, all one word.

With a question mark or no?

No question mark.

Is all one word part of it all one word.

Yes.

That is in it.

So you write out all one word.

Do you want this?

Yes.

And is it all one word?

But one is a digit.

Oh, okay.

Do you want this?

If you want this, let me know, brother, all one word.

No, wrong.

Do you want to try this?

Let me know, brother, all one word.

Again, that's it.

And is that all one word?

But don't sweep me under the duck.

The duck.

The biz.

I'm sorry.

The biz.

Okay.

What's wrong on the plane?

What was that?

It was wrong on the first plane.

It was cheaper.

I got a deal.

I just call them as cheap as the duck biz.

They did charge me more.

If you try to save money on a website by getting it spelled incorrectly, that will shall be already.

That shall be read.

I can only imagine they don't have a lot of call for those Z's.

So if you say that was the thing.

That is the thing.

Like, yeah.

No, the guy.

We got plenty of Z's around here.

Yeah, it was Carson.

Carson over at plane signs, he helped me out and he said we can.

Carson, the last name or the first name?

No, I believe it was both.

Carson.

Carson Carson.

I believe.

So is he the son of Carson Daly or Johnny Carson?

I believe he was.

Wow.

I believe he's somewhere in between.

He's somewhere in between.

I don't know about him, but I do.

I was a suspicion that he shall be a readnag.

Yes, yes, yes.

Yes, yes.

Yum, yum, yum.

Okay, guys.

Well, that's great, Doug.

I'm glad you.

I mean, you ever landed on your feet, but you've landed on your still.

I haven't.

Through the pandemic and you are coming very, very close.

As a matter of fact, I feel like you've swiped the ground with your toe a couple of times.

I've seen, I feel like I see a little bit of a rat.

I don't want to rat you out, necessarily.

Is that a grass stain on your knee?

Because that looks like American soil.

If I'm honest, I fell in your friend.

How much do you owe in back taxes?

It's so much.

That's where they get you when you become an American citizen.

You have to pay back taxes for as long as you've been alive.

I could be.

That's in the fine print.

Yup.

It's over.

That's why people shouldn't come to this country.

We want them all to stay where they're at.

I think people come for the little flags.

Oh, yeah.

That's a good point.

Oh, I'm sorry.

I just lost a little my baby hair.

Did you see that?

Oh, wow.

Wow.

So you're waiting.

So now you're doing the reverse part of the?

No hair gets by him.

You're eating right up.

Just coming out.

Are you going to eat all of that?

It's like ringing the dinner bell.

Help yourself.

Thank you.

Well, guys, I wet days coming to a close.

I'm so sorry to say we only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that, of course, is a little something called plugs.

I open my pocket tonight, so I can, so I can.

Keep track of the shows that cast the time.

I open my pocket tonight, so I can, so I can.

See my baby, be friend before my eye.

I open my pocket tonight.

Ooh, very nice.

That was Charles Whitborne, with I open my blog bags at night.

I don't know why it says blog bags.

All right.

Anyway, guys, what do we want to plug here?

Obviously, Spike and I, you guys want a daughter.

You want to plug your non-existent granddaughter?

Please, believe in our granddaughters, and don't go near them.

Is this like a Peter Pan situation?

If we applaud enough, your granddaughters will actually come to life or?

Yes.

All right, everyone out there, if you're listening, give us a round of applause.

A round of applause.

It's out of being more than their granddaughter.

No granddaughter has appeared.

All right, well, they're going to continue applauding, hopefully.

Anything else you want to plug, though?

I'm too tired.

Yeah, we're too tired.

I mean, you can, of course, too hungry, too tired.

Too hungry.

We're old, hungry men.

Yes, we're grandparents, grand family.

What about your brother's show?

It's coming out this week, isn't it?

That's right.

Oh, yes.

I grew up in Trout.

He's playing himself.

I'm better calls Saul.

Watch that.

But you're not playing yourselves right now.

No.

We're fictionalized.

Okay.

Is your brother plays himself on TV, but you're fictionalized.

Thou shalt be a redneck.

Wonderful.

Hey, where can we see this show, by the way?

American movie classics.

That's right.

Oh, I guess I mean your show of Thou shalt be a redneck.

Where's the boardwalk?

Are you guys under it or are you on top?

On top of the boardwalk.

All right.

Congratulations.

On the boardwalk.

On top of the boardwalk.

And Doug Grobes.

What do you want to plug?

Yeah.

Well, obviously wrote me the day after wet day.

Yeah.

Grow me but don't sweep me under the dog dot com or dot biz.

Well, it depends.

Com would be wrong, though, you said.

It could be.

That won't lead you to where they need to be.

Right.

But they might get it's an old website.

They'll be read back.

They'll refer you.

They'll say, hey, you're at the wrong place.

And the coupon code, do you want the, try the, let me know all one word, all one word.

And also just, I'd like to, I would love to have people go out and watch episodes nine and 10 of season one of mod, mods dilemma where she is faced with getting in abortion.

Okay.

Why?

Because sometimes like getting people out there to think about things, what's going on in the community.

Are these terms important to you or?

Are you, wait, do you, did you impregnate your girlfriend?

No, I'm just, I want her to, why people?

You fuck on their stills.

And some, if you try not to have a grand dog, this is the way to go about it.

I just, do you fuck on stills?

Of course I do.

Everything is on stills.

Do they need to be wearing stills?

Well, I do have an imagine the physics would work.

I don't want to get, no, no, no.

I see you guys putting on stills just because I mentioned it.

It's personal, but I put my penis on stills.

I put my penis on stills.

So my penis on stills, my hands are on stills and my feet are on stills during lovemaking.

And I don't know, but mod, episodes nine and 10.

It's mod dilemma.

You'll love it.

Okay.

Wonderful.

So, go to CBBworld.com to get the full archives of this show as well as ad-free episodes, as well as ad-free and archives of Freedom.

And you have the Andy Daily podcast project.

You have CBB Presents.

And you have Scott Asnseen.

We just watched Super Mario Bros. with the Get Played crew.

Very interesting episode.

And we're watching now.

So you're going for themes rather than going for good movies?

I guess so.

We're going to know, well, this on Good Friday, which as we all know happens right after wed day, we're watching The Passion of the Christ this week.

So, so listen to that episode.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're going to make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you open up the plug bag.

Well, open it up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

Huh, okay.

That was, and I'm going to try to get this right.

That was Hargla Barg with plug grass.

Hargla Barg.

Guys, I want to thank you so much.

I want to thank the dearly departed Paul of Tompkins.

He's not dead, he just left.

And I want to look, Doug Gropes.

You got it.

Yeah, I do.

I don't know what though.

I can't wait to be back.

Yeah.

I mean, you, you end up coming back every couple of years.

No, and when I do come back, I want everybody to have watched the mod so we can, we can discuss what went down and see how it kind of relates to everything we do in our life financially and not.

Definitely, definitely.

And a spike in Ike.

Thank you for having us.

Great, God.

Great.

You.

Grand daughter.

Thank you for having us.

You said granddaughter, you didn't even bother with any of your, your customers.

Like yum, yum, yum, or those who just.

How's that hair?

No, I don't keep catch raises from one segment to the other.

Really, you let them all go.

No ones each said.

Okay, what's this segment?

Thank you for having us.

Oh, that's your catchphrase.

All right, we'll see you next night.

Thanks.

Bye.
