♪♪♪ Squirtle my Wirtle and Cut loose my girdle live from New York at Saturday night. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm. All right. Thank you so much to Side of McGee 2. Oh yeah, Side of McGee 2.

Wonderful catchphrase superstar. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

Backyard there continues. Possibly last week. We've heard some drilling.

We've heard some hammering. We've heard some garbage trucks.

The axis of evil have converged upon the backyard era. Who knows?

Maybe this will be the last one, but it's been wonderful to be out here in nature.

You can hear all that little hammering, can't you? A nice man with this cute hammer.

Maybe it's a woman, although. Why am I saying that the hammer is a man? Who knows?

We have a great show. My name is Scott Ockermann, by the way. We have a great show.

Coming up a little later, we have someone from the food industry.

We have someone on a food TV show. That's very exciting.

We have someone in the medical profession. So a really interesting collection of people.

Did I say my name is Scott Ockermann? I'm not sure.

But before we get to them, let's talk to a good friend of ours who came by today.

I'm struggling to remember any of her details, but please welcome back Kayla Dickey.

Hi, Scott. Hi. I'm back. I know you probably missed me.

It's been a while. It's been a few years.

Has it been a few years? It has been a few years.

I don't remember to walk us through exactly who you are again.

Okay. So my name is Kayla Dickey. I am from Montrose, Colorado.

Basically, I have always fallen for men who have big trucks.

Right. That's your thing.

If they have a big truck, then they're worth dating, in my opinion.

And you're obsessed with the Ford Rock Card series.

Yes. So one of my first boyfriend's cart, he had the Ford Rock Card 350.

He had the 350. The 350. The Rock Card 350.

Rock Card 350. And that was initially he hit on me by yelling at me from his big truck, which is my preferred way to get it on.

You're a preferred courtship ritual.

Yes. It's just super romantic to me.

What did he yell at you again?

I think he said, smile for me.

Smile for me.

What?

He said...

Sounds like he's like Bob Fossey talking to one of his dancers or something.

He said, damn girl, you're asking for it.

Oh, okay. So you like that?

I love that.

Oh, okay. Great.

Actually, that always works for me. That's why I kind of walk the streets and sort of wait for people to yell at me like that.

Oh, okay. Because I saw you walking in the streets and I was like, Kayla, hey, do you want to come on the show?

And that didn't work.

It didn't work.

That's why I waited a few years to come on.

Okay.

But yeah. And then obviously...

Get closer to that black thing right in front of you. What do you say?

You can talk right into it. Yeah, exactly.

That's a big, long black thing.

It's sort of an awkward level.

Well, just it then, my dear.

Well, I don't understand.

It's still condescending. I love it.

So you want it to be set up before you get here perfectly at your mouth level and then you just sit down into it?

Well, I just think that there should be some thought about...

Like, what is this part?

It's the mic stand.

Who cares? Okay. Okay. Okay.

Okay.

Obviously, we need to talk about Judd before we finish talking about me.

Now, Judd Webby, is that his name?

Judd Webby.

So he was formerly the mayor of Montrose, Colorado.

Right.

I worked as one of his assistants, me and my girls, all my friends.

You were all... He had a lot of assistants.

A lot of assistants.

Right.

And basically, he started a fire because he left multiple curling irons on and burned down the town.

And then he...

He's tired.

I don't know that...

Other than the Chicago fire, where Mrs. O'Leary's cow kicked over that can.

I don't think I've ever heard of an entire town being burned down.

Well, it burned to the ground.

Wow.

And then he fled.

He ran up the now aptly named the Judd Webby Trail.

Right.

And he was living as a bear in a bear costume.

Right.

And I basically would take turns, take shifts with all my girls.

We now work at David's bridal.

Obviously, we need to get a new job.

Right.

So you collectively got a new job.

We did.

We work as a crew.

A lot of places don't hire five people at a time.

Well, this really worked out for us because his Judd Webby's former wife, Merg, owns David's bridal.

Oh, and David's bridal.

Oh, but who's David in this situation?

Well, it's a franchise.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry.

I haven't been in the bridal business for, you know, you know, 15 years or so.

Well, there's some really good stuff out there.

Oh, okay.

Some really beautiful mermaid.

Oh, check it out now.

So I'll get married again.

What do you think?

I don't know.

I mean, is that what you want?

I hear there's some really great stuff out there.

What's going on with you and cool up?

Everything's good.

Oh, you know cool up.

Oh, yeah.

I met her when I was coming in.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Yeah.

She welcomes all of our guests.

She gives him a gift.

She gave me water.

Yeah.

She was great about that.

She, yeah.

She refuses to get bottled water for people.

It's only tap.

Yeah.

But she serves it in a water bottle.

Yeah.

It's very, yeah.

She has a funnel just for that purpose.

Yeah.

Which I've heard it's bad for you to refill like plastic water bottles.

Like the plastic goes into the water.

I've heard that too, but she doesn't care.

Yeah.

And in fact, you know, she, it's not really a funnel.

It's actually the original Tin Man's head from the Wizard of Oz, the 1930s.

Oh my God.

Yeah.

She bought it just to pour water into water bottles.

That must have been so expensive.

Yeah.

It was crazy.

We got the Ruby slippers too, but she wears those around the house.

Okay.

Good for her.

Thank you guys.

Yeah.

Um, so anyway, basically this time I'm on the show Scott because it is truck week.

Truck week.

It's truck week.

Truck week.

Only the best truck week.

I can't tell if you're saying truck week or truck week.

Truck week.

Okay.

You're just young quick.

Borat.

Um, so it's truck week.

The best what?

The best fucking week of the fucking year.

Okay.

What happens in truck week and is this exclusively in, uh, Montrose, Colorado?

It is basically everybody with a big truck in all of Southwestern Colorado descends on Montrose for truck week.

Really?

So this is sort of like the, uh, what do you call that?

Uh, when all the motor motor bikers went out there and got COVID, what are we talking about?

It's exactly like that.

Okay.

But it's people with trucks and equally anti-vax crowd.

Oh, great.

Are you part of that or?

Yeah.

Okay.

But you showed me your vaccinations to like your car.

Yeah.

It's a fake card.

Oh, forged.

Yeah.

Because basically my new boyfriend, not to like drop this on you, but I know the last time I was here, I was engaged to Judd.

Yeah.

Because you found Judd up there.

He was, he put on a bear suit and he was, he was on the Judd Weebi trail scaring people off.

Yes.

And I found him and I brought him back to town and we were together dating all of us, me and my girls and Judd.

Because he still has a bear during all of that.

Yes.

So going to restaurant as a bear.

He fucked his cubs.

You fucked his cubs?

What?

We were his cubs and he fucked us.

Okay.

Great.

So he was fucking his cubs.

He was fucking his cubs.

You get it.

It's not complicated.

Okay.

So basically, yeah, we, I had to break up with Judd.

Why?

It's a huge thing.

He said that he had the Ford rock card 450.

And that's why me and my girls were like, well, we got to be with him.

So I left for Judd.

Oh no.

And then I find out that he actually lied.

He had the 400.

He didn't even had the 450.

No.

And what did card have?

He had the 350.

So obviously it's still like better.

It's better.

But at that point, I was like, wow, if somebody comes along with a 450, like I'm out.

It's like shark with a T. Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Well, or it's like sharks.

Shark.

Yeah.

Okay.

So, Shark, were you walking down the street and Shark spied you?

Yeah.

And what, what did he yell at you?

He yelled, hey, you stupid little bitch.

Cool.

Climb on up here.

Yeah.

And he was talking about his 450.

Yeah.

And he was talking about his 450.

And you say, are they going up to 550?

Well, that's what I'm thinking.

I actually think it's rumored to be out that the 500 is around.

And I normally would be like, absolutely not.

But because truck production is so low right now, I actually would go with somebody who had a 500.

Okay.

Wait. So it's rumored the 500 is out.

You haven't even seen one.

No, I haven't. Have you seen one?

No, but you would go with someone even though it's not a 550, which is not rumored to be out.

Well, I'm not quite sure I'm under this.

I mean, it might be rumored to be out.

Oh, okay. It might be rumored to be out, but the 500 is definitely rumored to be out.

The way that truck production works.

I don't know if you know this.

No, I don't. But it's all based on rumors.

Oh. So, so it's a rumor to be out in the spring.

Oh.

But obviously we're only in March right now.

Yeah. Well, spring has, has it officially sprung?

No, it's springs in.

When does spring spring?

It springs in May.

Or even June.

I think that we're creeping up on summer.

Maybe even July.

Okay. I don't think so.

It's sprung.

So, so the 500 rumored to be out in the spring.

It's rumored to be out.

Rumored to be out the 550 rumored to be out in the spring.

But it, the 500 is rumored to be out, but I've never seen one with my dead eyes.

Okay.

So dead eyes, by the way, you listen to the podcast?

What? No.

Yeah. Anyway, got Tom Hanks on it.

Oh, cool.

Meanwhile, I'm in the backyard with you.

What the fuck is your fucking problem?

Do you need to go to the bathroom or something?

Why are you so upset?

Do you get mad when you have to go to the bathroom?

I usually, I get happy because it's like, oh, go.

Oh, boy.

I got to get rid of all this.

When the rain on the road and someone's driving like a psycho, I'm like, he has to shit.

That makes it.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's a, that's a more empathetic way of looking at it.

Yeah.

He has to shit.

That's just a bad person.

He just has to shit.

He has to shit.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Well, that's great.

So, Shart is out of the picture for a week at least.

Currently.

Yeah.

If I can find someone with something better than what he has, the 450.

At this point, truck week, I mean, get your fucking ass up and go to truck week.

It's the best type of my life.

What are the events that happen over the week?

Or is it just people driving trucks up and down the main street?

It's mostly people camping out in their truck, driving their trucks around in circles.

In circles.

Not even in straight lines and then making.

No, it's just circles.

Wow.

And basically they just like, blare really violent movies from their DVD players and their trucks and they.

Like what movies are we talking about?

Like Seven or Seven and?

Yeah.

That.

What else is violent?

I guess the new Batman.

The Joker.

Oh, Joker.

Joker.

Big guy.

Oh man.

When I was a kid and I was reading those Batman comics, I always dreamed of watching the Joker blow Robert Zeneros head off.

Oh my God.

And just seeing his blood spatter behind him.

Yeah, that's it seems like you would be out of truck week.

It could be.

And they rebuilt Montrose then.

Oh yeah.

It's made out of just the worst.

Just shawty as construction materials.

Okay.

So it could go at any.

It could go at any moment.

Just a big gust of wind would blow the whole thing to smithereens.

Okay.

But luckily it's not very windy out there.

No, it's not.

It's not very windy out there.

As we talked about on previous episodes and I mentioned Batman, my impression of Natasha is, who is the Batman?

I do not like Batman.

And then they came out with a movie called The Batman and I was like, this is the bid with Natasha.

Wait, there's a movie called The Batman?

Yes.

Why? That's so funny.

We're doing the bid right now.

We're in the middle of it.

The Batman. That's so weird.

Yeah, I don't really like Marvel movies and I don't understand why adults are forced to discuss them.

You should go on Lauren Lefkis' podcast about them and Nicole Byers' podcast.

Do they complain about it?

Well, they're now watching them.

They haven't seen any of them and they're watching them one by one.

I'll watch the, just the preview.

Just the preview.

That's enough.

The thing is you don't get the end of the movie on the preview.

You know what I mean?

That's so weird. I had no idea.

They should start including the end of the movie on the preview so you can only just watch the preview.

Oh, okay. That's cool.

Whoa, cool idea.

So maybe I will go on their podcast.

So they don't like them though, is that right?

I have no idea whether they like them or not.

But already I've mentioned two other podcasts.

I don't like doing that.

It seems like you should be promoting your own a little bit more.

Hey, everyone, listen to Comedy Bang.

People are already listening to this podcast.

Hopefully. Hopefully.

So yeah, so then it's a cooking competition and there's seven chefs.

I might write up by your mouth if you don't like this.

Ranging from professional chefs to home chefs.

Now why is it called Rad in the Kitchen?

Because it seems to me like that's something you don't want in the kitchen.

So it's like, wait a minute.

Now all of a sudden there's rats in this kitchen with all this good food?

This is such a good question.

Okay, the rat is metaphorical and the rat is there to sabotage the other chefs.

No.

There's a cash prize and the money either goes to the chef's bank or the rat's bank.

So you basically, one of your friends was on the show.

Yes, we have a good friend of ours is one of the chefs, one of the contestants on this show.

But there's, and there's a new- He has not told us what happened in, it's been months since you've shot it and he's kept tight-lipped and mum about everything.

But I'm very excited to see the show.

So yeah, so it's a new cast every episode.

Oh.

So you can just kind of like come in anytime.

Yeah, so then you get to see if the rat can successfully sabotage all the dishes and then Chef Ludo, who everyone's trying to impress, and I get to taste the food as well, which was very fun.

We get to decide if it either goes, you know, the rat one and fucked up the food.

So it's like murder, kind of.

Yes, it's very like clue.

Yes.

How do they fuck up the food?

Like too much salt?

Spit.

Well, spit you wouldn't taste, but I really hope people didn't spit in the food.

Fucking crap.

So you don't know what they did to the food.

Do people do that?

I'm always afraid they will.

As someone who used to work in restaurants, I can say, you spit in someone's food?

No.

Oh, okay.

No.

Rest around up.

I worked in a lot of restaurants and the temptation is there, but I never did.

The worst thing that I ever did was that I served a table, an iced tea, and I brought back the iced tea, the empty one.

It had a straw, and I went to go refill it, and then another server took that iced tea that was refilled and put it on a table.

So someone else's table.

Mm.

And that's not the worst thing that you did, because it sounds like it was a mistake that this other server would have.

I think, um, health code wise, you're probably not supposed to refilled drinks like that.

In someone else, in someone's glass, you're supposed to like constantly get a new glass.

I mean, yeah.

It's the risk.

I remember eating people's chicken fingers after they left.

Oh, yeah.

Like if they would just take one.

Well, that's just you being broke.

That's not like.

Right.

Well, that's yeah.

I'm just eating someone's food.

I definitely did that too.

Is that one of these saboteurs would do is like serve you the food and then eat it when you guys were done with it?

The food also has to be played it in the right way.

So there's a lot of different ways you can sabotage.

You can like, you know, do some acting.

Maybe you've forgotten some ingredients or dropped some ingredients or, you know, there's like many.

I don't really know if I'm allowed to give away that.

Oh my goodness.

I've flashed.

We're getting a sneeze.

I've always held in my sneezes.

I know.

I don't think I've ever seen a sneeze before.

I don't think that's good for you.

I think it's my husband sneezes.

He screams sneezes that I do wildly and it's actually gotten louder since COVID and I'm like, you need to read the globe.

Like we are not doing that anymore.

Screaming.

Yeah.

You do that.

Yeah.

Both my parents do that.

How's it sound?

It sounds like this.

Oh.

That's better than Mosha.

Yeah.

What is Mosha?

This is Mosha Kasha by the way.

I'm not a friend of the show.

It's similar to that.

That made you cough.

To the point where I'm like eternally turned off and not charmed by it and then he'll look at me and then he's like, I really hate that he's now phrasing it like I really hate that you've taken that away from me.

It brings me so much joy to sneeze like that.

Oh.

So he does it intentionally.

Yes.

He loves it.

It's like a release.

Like because you know they say that sneezes are like part of an orgasm.

Have you heard that?

Is that true?

It's like one.

They're part of an orgasm or they're akin to an orgasm.

They are an orgasm.

So wait.

Cool ups never sneeze during sex.

Is she not?

She's doing well in there.

Oh no.

Yeah.

It's like one eighth of an orgasm.

Is this sneeze?

Oh.

Oh, I think I've heard that.

So if you sneeze eight times it's like you had one orgasm.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

There is something orgasmic to what he's doing.

Yeah.

He's like, you're right.

I'm enjoying it so much.

Yeah.

But yes.

So Rat in the Kitchen on TBS.

Premiering March 31st.

Can I ask you a question?

Has anyone ever like fake cut themselves and like bled all over the thing?

Oh my God.

That would be so funny.

Like how to blood pack or like a squib or something like that that just exploded.

Like, oh no, I got shot in the food.

That did not happen.

But there was some really like, for example, I've never eaten raw shrimp before.

You know, like people would say things are cooked and they're not cooked.

And Chef Ludo is like extremely serious about food.

So he like threw a sandwich at someone.

You threw a sandwich like a, like a bonnie or like, yeah, like a pastrami or something.

I've gotten a sandwich to start on me on the street.

It's one of the best.

By people in trucks.

It feels so good.

Well, what do they say when they throw it?

They say, hey, you little piggy.

Here's what a piggy like you would eat.

Okay.

That's interesting because you are kind of tiny.

It's like a nice little fun thing for me.

I'm four foot by the way.

Do you have any more questions, Scott?

Well, what should I ask about this?

Because it sounds like a great show.

I have a question.

Yes.

Did you ever feel like because you were with an advanced like culinary chef like Ludo, like that you didn't know what to say food wise, like you kind of were like, oh, I don't know the terminology.

Like this tastes good.

You know, it's funny because I'm getting hints of.

I'm getting hints of food.

That's actually funny.

I should have said that.

But I feel like my palette really developed working with him and also, you know, my background is in theater criticism.

So it was kind of easy to move over to like food criticism.

Yeah.

Great.

Your background is in theater?

What do you mean by that?

That's like what I majored in in college.

Oh, wow.

That's what we're doing.

Yes.

Wow.

Interesting.

Now when we went to see West Side Story together at the Pantages.

That was bad.

But also I was on mushrooms.

So, oh, that would be great.

A theater critic on mushrooms.

And then that'd be really good.

Describe the show.

And then they say live from New York and Saturday night.

I think I might do that.

Yeah.

That would be a good podcast for sure.

So, but people don't really go see theater in LA.

I'm going to see the Lehman trilogy tonight, but we'll see if it's good.

We'll hear Lehman.

Three white men in a three and a half hour production.

Sounds like a podcast.

Now that maybe I should take mushrooms for that.

Oh, but my palate got very developed.

I feel like, but now I'm like really snobby of food.

Like when motion, because he does all the cooking.

So when motion cooks for me, I'm just kind of like, you know, like.

This isn't Chef Luda.

You're like Ludo.

Like a little dry.

I thought it was ludicrous.

I thought that's who you've been talking about this entire time for the Fast and Furious franchise.

Chef Ludo is so talented.

And he's like, he had this dish at his restaurant that was like, eel with white chocolate mashed potatoes.

And I was like, how did you think of that?

And he's like, it was from a dream.

I woke up and I had a dream about these flavors together.

Like that's kind of his vibe.

And also when we were in Atlanta shooting, we would go to the same Thai restaurant every night.

And I'm with this like world-renowned chef and I'm like, don't you want to like go to different restaurants?

And he's not a foodie.

He's like, no, I don't want to be inspired.

Oh.

He doesn't mean.

Oh, that's like me and other podcasts.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

He doesn't want to like taste other people.

I mean, I'm sure he wants to taste other people's food, but he doesn't want to be like in a place like the chef Ludo of podcasts.

Wouldn't you agree?

This show came to me in a dream.

I mean, this particular episode.

Did it really?

Sounds like a fucking nightmare.

Oh, yeah, it might have been.

The interesting thing is where I'm from Rockford.

I bet you they host a truck week.

Oh, no way.

Does every town have their own?

I didn't know that any other state would do a truck week.

Yeah.

They're not crazy.

I'm sure they do.

I mean, they should have different truck weeks, like 52 weeks of the year in different places.

So you could just make the round constant truck week.

Yeah.

Yeah, that would be good for me.

Um, okay.

You said I'm going to go.

Oh, please stick around.

Well, there's a, um, what's it called when they race track?

Oh, yeah.

You know, like what's like a track.

What's it called when they race?

The speedway.

The speedway is really big there.

Oh, good.

So it's good for trucks.

Yeah.

Like I just assume anywhere where they're like the speedways, the main attraction.

Yeah, for sure.

Kayla likes big trucks.

She doesn't like fast cars.

It's very, very good.

Yeah.

I think for me, um, I, my favorite kind of person who owns a truck is someone who doesn't need to own a truck at all.

It's a choice.

Yeah.

It's not a lifestyle for them.

And in terms of like what they need the truck.

Yeah.

It's not like they're on a farm and they need a truck.

It's just someone who lives in an area where you're like, you know, like, you know, like, you do not need a huge truck.

I have a question to Kayla.

Yeah.

What is your favorite decor for a truck?

Like, are you such a good question?

Pals.

Are you a fan of the?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

The truck nuts?

Is that a thing?

Massive nuts for sure.

Maybe multiple pairs.

Oh.

Um, in the interior, uh, I like any kind of like clearly they reupholstered it with something bright, like a really intense red.

Um, maybe they cover it with some flames on the outside I would be open to.

Um, but largely just so long as it kind of almost looks like the truck has hips, you know, when there's like in the back, there's maybe four wheels.

Oh, okay.

So when they widen it out, so it's like, yeah, so it's like it's got an ass on it.

Yeah.

And then four nuts hanging down from the back.

It's sort of, um, this beautiful like in between gender and away.

Yeah.

Like it has those tall very hips and those big fucking nuts.

I love it.

So hot.

Yeah.

So that's like kind of the guys that I grew up around smoking bowls and big trucks.

Yeah.

What does motion drive by the way, not to bring constantly bring it back to your partner, but um, most, uh, I don't care about cars at all.

I am not, I like old, I like the look of old cars, but I'm certainly not going to be responsible for one.

I don't want to be like sitting in a, in a mechanics shop all afternoon.

Yeah.

Um, you know, you can drop them off and then get a rental person.

I know who has an old car is always going to the mechanic.

It seems like so much work.

I don't want to go to the mechanic.

Got it.

Um, so anyway, he had this Mitsubishi white car that why are you laughing?

I mean, I don't know.

It's just some family.

It's just the way she says any brand name or I love it.

Okay.

So, so then he had this car and he really wanted to Tesla and I'm like, I do not want to drive a Tesla because my lease was, I had a mini and he's like, we have a kid.

He's like, I can't take the mini.

Anytime he would put the kid in the mini, it was like his blood pressure.

Mini Cooper, you mean?

Or, okay, got it.

It's too small for him.

So I was like, okay, I'll take your dumb Mitsubishi.

You take the Tesla.

He's like, well, let's just share both cars.

And I'm like, absolutely not.

He's such a mess.

He's got like his crap everywhere.

I don't want to like, he went from smoking cigarettes to vaping to gum to toothpicks to now those, those, those patches or.

The patches or?

No, it's not a patch.

It's like a pouch.

A pouch you suck on on your, in your mouth.

So those are, there's always like a place to put all of this.

So the pipe line.

Or he's addicted to nicotine.

Right.

The pipeline is.

Probably the oral fixation.

Cigarettes to.

To e-cigarettes.

Like the juice that you put.

Okay.

And the juice.

Oh cool.

E-juice to the gum, which I didn't mind.

Okay.

It would get stuck in the dogs for sometimes.

Because you know, if you're chewing this all day long, it's going places.

Yes.

But he's probably putting it under like a car or a chair.

What is the trash can?

Well, but it's happening so much, you know, and he's up some line.

He's constantly throwing things away.

You know what?

I just stick it in the dogs for her.

The toothpicks I partaked in.

Those were kind of cool.

Yeah, I like toothpicks.

But then he started doing short.

You were like a toothpick couple for a while?

A little bit.

Yeah.

I would always threw mine away.

And then now those pouches, like I can't deal.

So I'm like, it's your car.

You want to fill it up with this nicotine stuff.

So long story short, he has a Tesla.

And now I just have his like old Mitsubishi that he still had like two years left on his lease.

That he picked out.

And the Tesla, I just, I just don't get it.

Yeah.

It's all about the Tesla.

Do you have one, Scott?

You seem like you would.

No, no, no.

He's in like heaven.

You definitely have one somewhere.

People are constantly trying to tell me to get a Tesla, but I just can't deal with the, the, the dude who makes them.

I can't deal with that dude either.

I can't love him.

It's so high maintenance.

So if he were to drive by in a Tesla and what's that big truck that he has a big truck?

Yeah, they made like a big electric truck.

What do they call it?

It's like, minus the electric.

I'm all over that.

Okay.

Yeah.

I like it when guys have to fill up multiple times a day.

Yeah.

Especially with gas prices these days.

Yeah.

That's hot.

That's a man.

I don't even know that Elon Musk could afford that.

Just like $150 every two hours.

Yeah.

Do not get a Tesla.

It is like driving inside of an iPhone.

I really hate it.

I don't like, I like to turn off my computer.

You know, like if there's no downtime.

When you're driving, you want to turn off your computer.

Well, yeah, metaphorically kind of.

Well, right in the kitchen is out right now.

It's on every Thursday, I believe on TBS, but you can watch it on the TBS app.

I'm sure and everywhere else that you watch it.

And you know, I'm looking forward to it.

I can't wait to see it.

Sounds really good.

I'll go to Chef Ludo's restaurant.

Yeah, please invite us.

Or that Thai restaurant you guys used to go do watches go there.

That wasn't Atlanta.

That wasn't even good food.

I'll just play there.

I mean, drive there into someone's job.

All right, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have more with Natasha, more with Kayla Dickey.

And we have someone who is in the medical profession and someone in the food industry.

Maybe the person in the food industry can talk to you about Chef Ludo or something like that.

That's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Natasha Lajero is here.

We're at in the kitchen on TBS Thursdays or streaming anywhere and a wonderful show that people can check out.

Do you have a special or anything coming up?

I have a book coming out, but it's not coming out till November.

So I'm going to make you have me back.

Okay, you'll be gone till November then.

We can have a little six months off.

What's your book about?

Can I even talk about that?

Yes, my book is called, well, we're supposed to come out in July, but because of the supply chain shortages, you know, from the truck situation, they're real thing.

They've actually run out of paper in America.

Oh, wait.

So my book now comes out.

Paperless post must be thrilled.

It's called, The World Deserves My Children.

And it is essays about parenting and being an older parent, having your life established and then becoming a parent, which is kind of the opposite of how our parents did it.

And parenting and environmental panic and, you know, how to not raise a complete brat, but it was definitely the hardest thing I've ever done.

Really?

Well, even harder than raising your child.

Writing about raising your child is harder than raising the child itself.

Well, writing about raising a child while raising a child in a pandemic, that was very hard.

Writing about raising about.

It was so hard.

It was like, because, you know, sitting down and writing that's such a solitary thing and that's not really, you know, my, that's not where I'm in the pocket.

Yeah.

Meanwhile, Moshe's out there just chewing on his pouches.

Stop bringing them.

My driving is testing with me.

It's like she's here.

Like we should be focusing on her.

And you haven't asked about Sharp once.

Yeah, that's a good point.

What does Sharp do for a living, by the way?

Because he keeps mumbling.

It makes big bags.

Oh, that's right.

There's no way he doesn't suck on those pouches, though.

He definitely does.

He has chew or something.

He just straight up, he vapes everywhere and he smokes at the same time.

Oh, interesting.

I just put sand vapes.

I loved vaping and I would keep doing it.

But it feels like maybe it could give you cancer or something.

Yeah, it's definitely something.

We don't know.

The jury's still out on this whole tobacco thing.

No vaping, though.

No, I know.

But vaping doesn't have tobacco.

It's nicotine.

Okay, so it's purely just nicotine.

You don't have any, you're not.

I don't have any vices.

I keep it straight in here.

What about chocolate?

Nope.

What about comic book collection?

No collection.

What about fried food?

No, absolutely not.

No?

Sex addict.

Yeah, definitely sex addict.

Stop pointing at me.

Stop pointing at my penis.

All right, speaking of penises, we need to get to our next guest.

He has one.

He's in the food industry.

Please welcome adjacent men's zucus.

Hello, Scott.

How are you?

Nice to be here.

It's so great to be here.

I love to be here and to see you, Scott.

It's great to have you.

I love it.

Thank you.

Your name is adjacent man's zucus.

A adjacent man's zucus.

I get this all the time.

I mean, he's my next door neighbor.

Oh, he is.

Yep.

And that's why you're called the Jason man's zucus.

I'm called the Jason man's zucus because that is my name.

And I happen to live next door to Jason man's zucus.

Now he's a great guy.

He's a great neighbor.

I have no complaints about him.

He keeps a great car.

I heard you talk about cars before.

He keeps a great car.

What does that mean?

He keeps it clean.

He keeps it out of my driveway.

It'd be weird if he started just parking in your driveway.

That would be weird.

But no, he keeps it on his own driveway on garage.

And I got no complaints with him as a neighbor.

Okay.

I'm not a neighbor, but a fantastic guy.

You have your own thing going on.

That's right.

This is not my thing.

I should say that.

Jason man's zucus, me being his neighbor, is not my thing.

Oh, okay.

Your thing is you're in the food industry.

I'm in the food industry.

Thank you.

Because I'm here to talk about my new show.

I got a grillin' with Zucks.

It's on YouTube.

Grillin' with the Zucks.

Like Zucchini?

No, like Zucks.

Zucks.

My last name is Manzucus.

Oh, yeah.

So my friends and...

Are you related to Jason Manzucus?

I live next store to Jason Manzucus.

No, I know you live next door to him, but you're not related to him.

You know how in everybody loves Raymond, they lived across the street from there.

I love that show so much.

I have not seen, I've only seen, no, I haven't seen much of that show.

I've seen clips of it, but I did not realize that.

Where are you watching clips of everybody loves Raymond?

YouTube, you get everything out of YouTube.

For sure you can.

There's so much good material.

There's a lot of any show you want.

You just watch clips of it online.

Yeah.

Okay.

So, no relation other than the fact that you've spoken to him, right?

I'm just, I buy our mailboxes.

I said hello and...

Your mailboxes are next door to each other as well?

Yeah, they are.

Not that I think of it, yes they are.

So, it's almost like they're tiny little neighbors as well.

That's true.

For brief periods of time, our mail is neighbors.

Can you believe it?

And every time we go out there, it's a sad event because they have to move away from each other.

So, yeah.

So anytime you open letters and take them out of the mailbox, you're killing them.

You're separating these great neighbors.

You first separate them and then you rip their bodies open and hold her guts out.

So, maybe stick to emails.

That's all I'm saying.

Mail is so violent when you really think about it.

Mail is violent.

A lot of people use a mail opener, you know, a little knife.

Yeah.

Cut it open and...

Well, what would you prefer?

Like a nice clean knife or just tearing it open with your bearings?

What I do is I take my envelopes, I steam them over some water and lift them open slowly.

Very carefully, very slowly.

Take out the mail, put that aside, seal it back up and put it back in the mailbox.

So, your mailbox must just be full of empty envelopes.

It's full.

I'm in a...

What's the word I'm looking for?

A row?

Is that like a fight or a row?

A row.

A row with my mail name.

But you should know what a row is because you're in the food industry.

That's what I was so curious about.

Because I'm in the kitchen and I'm a grill master.

A grill master.

Yeah.

That's what the new show is about.

It's, you know, grill and wazooks.

I'm always talking about rows.

I don't need more rows.

Bring a bowl of row, please.

I'm always making a grill when I grill.

A grill.

That's what I say is a grill.

So, wait, you're a chef, but you're asking people to bring you bowls of roux instead of just making it yourself?

Yeah, they're my assistants.

Oh, okay.

And they suck at their jobs.

And that's why I have to get away from the grill, go pick up the stuff and bring it.

Got it.

Yeah.

So, the new show, grill, grill and wazooks.

Grill and wazooks.

It's going to be on YouTube.

Check that out.

Did you move to your place because Jason Manzuka lived there and you knew that?

Not to constantly bring it back to Jason Manzuka.

No, that's fine.

I just want to say that my thing is not Jason Manzuka's.

Okay.

That's not what we should be focusing.

I live next to him.

My name is a Jason.

Your thing is definitely the letters that we were talking about.

My thing is the letters, but also the grill show.

I got this grill show on my way.

No, I want to talk about the grill show.

I'm just fat.

Because it's great.

It's a great show.

I don't know that I've ever even heard of two people with the same last name living next door to each other, even if it was Smith or something like that.

What about a strange coincidence?

What about Ray Armano?

A Jason Sudeikas.

Now you're having fun with me.

You just have fun with me.

I like it.

That's great.

You like people having fun with you.

Is that part of my thing?

Part of my thing is they have people have fun.

Eat great grilled food.

Chop steaks.

Chop steaks?

Chop steaks.

Oh, chop.

Okay.

Chicken.

I feel like grilled food can be very boring.

There should be more of them.

Oh, not the way I do it.

A movement to always have some kind of flavor bomb, rue sauce or something, right?

That's good.

Can I steal that idea from you?

Yes, you can.

Edit that part out that I'm stealing this idea to make it look like a little demo.

Okay.

We'll definitely edit it.

Do you make anything cool like beer nuggets?

Well, assuming you mean cool in like the temperature sense, this is a hot grill.

No, I mean they're hot food.

It's just they're called beer nuggets.

Do you make them?

No, what are they?

You put a beer on the grill because I do that.

A beer bottle and it shoots and breaks open.

You put that on the grill?

I do that at the end of every episode.

We pick a bottle or a can or something.

We put it on the grill and it blows up.

So there's this like glass everywhere.

Glass and tin and everything all over the place.

And then you cook on that the next time.

No, that's at the end of the episode.

I'm so sorry.

Did I make that clear?

Oh, that's the end of the episode.

That's like the big fireworks show at the end of the episode.

Yeah, and it splashes up through graphic designs that we have the credits of the show sort of spelled out in the glass.

In the glass.

The liquid in glass.

Okay.

Some blood because I get some blood on me.

So this is like CGI.

They see CGI.

Okay.

That's right.

And the credits just kind of drip down from the top of the.

Right, because you know, you're so used to the credits going top to bottom.

So we do that too.

So it's not different.

It's the usual.

No, but this is spelled out in liquid in glass and blood.

That's so cool.

Great.

Thank you.

That's what I said.

And the producers, I got a team of producers.

They did not see it that way.

And I had to.

And then we got into a row about it.

Great.

And I said, bring me a rouge in the row.

I wanted to throw the rouge at them.

So you.

So is that the most unique part of your show?

Because it sounds like the show itself is just you grilling things.

Is that what I'm teaching you how to grill things that you're not just watching me.

I see.

Does Jason Manzil just does he appear on the show?

Um, if he has not yet if for some reason during the.

Does he have a show next door to yours?

No, I think the stuff I've seen him in, I've only seen the lead.

Do you film infinite in the studio next door?

Like are you guys filming next door to each other all the time or the.

No, no.

Other men except for sure.

What do you want me to ask you about?

I don't know.

What do you like personality wise?

What's his personality?

Bad, but really bad.

Are you saying shark?

Shark.

It's like shark week.

It's like shark week with a tee.

Oh, good.

Oh, that's good.

His last name is teeth.

It's teeth teeth teeth.

Short teeth.

So I'm having a tough time.

My head's all stuffed up.

So I'm having a tough time here.

You brought here in my nose.

Jason, well, I've never heard you without the stuff that no, so I just thought that was your fault.

You didn't get that voice memo.

I said it to your assistants say this is what I sound like.

Just so this is my baseline.

You know what you sound like is adjacent man, Zukit or no adjacent sedakus on Ted Lasso.

You have that same.

Bye.

Oh, that's.

Can I tell you I've only seen season one?

I've only seen one episode.

Oh, well, who's better in this situation?

I mean, is it a race or do you want to not watch the popular?

You want to be the last person to watch the final episode.

Right.

And then tell everyone what you think after they talk about it.

Yeah, exactly.

So that so your show is you teaching people how to grill right and Jason man, Zukis is not involved.

He's not.

And I was going to say if he if I'm doing an episode from home and maybe we see out the window and sometimes you do episodes from home.

I'm just going to paint it.

Oh, OK.

If he's outside or I see him walk by his window or he's getting mail or something, he might be in frame.

He's mowing his lawn, mowing his lawn.

Whatever he wants to do, he can do.

That's not my business.

My business is grilling, taping it, videotaping it and cutting it up, editing it, putting it online, ending it with broken beer bottle, blood, blood, blood, blood, blood, bloods and all a little bit of mud.

So what's the typical meal that you would teach me to make if I was watching?

Well, now let me ask you, what are you, a vegan?

No.

Perfect.

OK, this is going to be the show for you.

So what if someone is a vegetarian or a vegan because I hate when they just give you vegetables?

I would suggest to them just, you know, scrub to the end of the video and watch the thing explode.

And because that'll be the most exciting part for you.

Right.

So it sounds like your show is boring, but the credits are interesting.

Is that what I'm getting?

I wouldn't say the show is boring.

The host sometimes can be boring.

You're the host.

Yeah.

I don't bring much to it.

Right.

Well, I mean, it sounds like that is my thing.

OK, but it sounds like all you have for the show is just, hey, I grill some stuff in the end.

You put salt and pepper on it.

That's it.

Salt and pepper.

I'm going to do the butter.

I'm going to put it butter.

Butter butter.

OK, but all that, none of that is unique.

We got graphics to say what I'm doing.

It kind of comes up.

OK, yeah, that happens on.

That sounds good.

Yeah, that's fun.

That's a big part of it.

It's fun with the graphics.

What do the graphics look like?

White text.

It just says text.

It's a career new.

A career new font that what I'm putting in comes up on the side.

And then what I do sometimes, I'll wave my hand in the graphic design people make that the words fly away.

It sounds like a really big team that you have.

Yeah, it's a well, it takes a village to grill steak is what I always say.

OK, I will start saying that on the show.

How many people are involved?

Oh, eight.

It's not really a village.

How long are the small village?

It is.

They're like four minutes.

I've been in.

The longest one is 30 minutes.

The shortest one is 30 seconds.

That was.

Yeah, what happened to the 30 second one?

The 30 second one, I said, bring me the chicken because we're doing chicken that day.

Right.

OK, makes sense.

The assistant walks out.

The chicken in 30 seconds sounds wrong.

Yeah, what happened?

I said, bring me raw chicken.

And they, the assistant, they were new.

They brought out the raw chicken eggs.

Oh.

And so I opened what I didn't want to, you know, I didn't want to cut, you know.

Yeah.

So you opened an egg.

I opened an egg.

It's just I put it over some steam.

Sure.

And coaxed it open on the grill and it put that on the grill and it fell through.

I said, well, folks, I'm going to put this bottle of champagne on here.

Let's see if you have an bloat.

Watch it fly.

Champagne.

That's expensive.

Yeah.

I mean, but for a 30 second show, I mean, you got to do something special.

And I'll tell you something.

I didn't want to make this my thing, but you know where I got the champagne?

Where?

And God, I hope we knew that.

Does he listen to the show, Jason Mizzi?

Yeah, yeah.

He's an avid listener.

Yeah.

Wait, you got it from his place?

I, well, all right.

So he, you know, he got a bottle of celebratory big mouth champagne because they just finished season and it was in his mailbox and I looked left.

I looked right.

He wasn't out there that day and I had snuck it home because.

I stole it from him.

I stole it.

I stole a little bottle of champagne.

That's his celebratory big mouth champagne.

I know.

And I know he, the big mouth folks got in real big trouble and he, you know, because he was upset.

I can only imagine.

I'm sure because everybody else is a temper.

And once he, once he hears that Nick got celebratory.

I don't know who that is.

Oh, Nick Croll.

Once he hears his good buddy, Nick Croll got celebratory big mouth champagne and he didn't, he would be pissed.

Yeah, he would probably be mad.

So I do want to, if you're listening, Jason, I apologize.

That was the champagne that you blew up.

Blew up.

But Jason, it did go to good use.

Go on and check out episode chicken breasts and you didn't do a follow up episode like chicken breasts too, were you actually good?

No, I don't do that.

Chicken breast.

I don't really visit.

So you want, so every type of food you only do once?

Yep.

And if it goes badly, that's how it goes.

So are you running out of food to do?

Let's see.

Well, what else?

Fish on the grill.

No, that's good.

And there's so many types of fish.

You've, you've been in the ocean here.

Yeah.

It seems hard to cook on the grill.

Yeah, you scale them, cut them.

Let me see.

Scale, cut them for them, then plop them on.

Yeah.

Skin side down.

You could do that or you take a skin right off.

I'm getting, okay.

And not to insult you.

I don't, you know, when people come on and show I don't.

I would love it.

You would love it.

Oh, if you did not do that.

Oh, if I did not.

Oh, okay.

Because some people love it when you insult them, it's like the Comedy Central Roasts, you know what I mean?

You know what I mean?

It's called nagging.

It's called nagging for Kayla.

No, it's called nagging.

Yeah.

I love it.

But, and I don't want to insult you.

Great.

But it sounds to me like what you want to be your deal, your show is boring.

I want it to be boring.

No, no.

What you want to be your deal is boring.

Oh, I get what you're saying.

My show, my new brand new show, it's coming out soon.

Yeah, it's boring.

What's it called?

It's called Zooks on the Grill.

Zooks on the Grill, yeah.

That's right.

So that's, no, how was it grilling with the Zooks?

Grilling with something like that.

I don't, I skit, whatever you watch about skit.

Whatever it is, it's so anodyne and boring that I couldn't even remember it.

But what's interesting about you is the fact that you live next door to Jason Mancuckas.

The interesting thing to me, and I don't want to insult you.

Yeah.

Oh, and I don't, I don't know if that's even possible, but go ahead.

Um, well, okay.

I'm not going to try, I'm not going to try to live up to Don Rickles standard.

Okay.

Yeah.

Ah, let's, is that boring to me?

No, because I did mention the exploding at the end and I mentioned that part is good.

The mishap, like the mishap with the egg is kind of a blooper.

That was fine.

Okay.

Yeah, but I mean, anytime that we ask you any kind of question about like, what would you do if you put fish on the grill, it comes out just boring.

Like, oh, scale it.

Oh, well, I'm sort of teasing you.

I'm not teasing you into the episodes.

Watch.

Watch the episodes.

See what, what, see what Zooks is going to do next.

Like what's the most interesting episode that you've done?

We had a live, um, well, we had a live, uh, lobster and I had to chase them around.

He was fast.

That was a big part of that.

You're so fast lobster.

A big part of that one, uh, that episode.

How fast was he going?

Mm.

You've seen that, uh, the cartoon with the, um, the, uh, the wily coyote or, yeah, but the other road runner.

Road runner.

Yeah.

He's going like seems to be like 200 miles an hour.

Going two ticks down.

That was the lobster.

Oh, you know, 198.

198.

All over the yard and I'm, yeah, I'll get the fucking thing back here.

I've got a knife in my hand.

I'm swinging it everywhere.

My glasses fall off so I can't see a thing.

And it is nighttime at this episode.

Why?

Because we wanted to do, we had a series going with the zooks late night zooks.

So this is one of the late night zooks episodes.

This is late night zooks.

Okay.

And, uh, so I'm swinging that around and you're swinging the knife around.

Your glasses fall off.

Right.

And one of my neighbors, I remember, which one?

Jason and Zookas?

Well, again, my, my, uh, some of my glasses were off.

Okay.

And there were sunglasses that were prescribed.

I'm curious who lives next or do you on the other side?

Uh, that it's, uh, it's open, open now.

It's open house.

Open house?

Yeah.

It come by and you take a walk, do a walkthrough.

How long has it been on the market?

Uh, since the beginning of the pandemic.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

They are losing.

So they're acting a lot.

Yeah.

Okay.

Quite a bit.

So one of your neighbors, it would have to be Jason and Zookas.

It could have been somebody from behind me or across the street.

And they said, I, so I don't know who it was.

Exactly.

Because again, my glasses were off and they said, would you stop it?

I'm trying to do a voice over for the, for the league document, the DVDs.

For the behind the scenes.

This is Jason and Zookas.

Could have been.

You know what?

I actually.

Or could have been, would you say, Crow, he could have been looking at the house next door.

And doing his voice over work for the, like commentary because they've been renting out the house for parties and voice over words.

I was going to say, I actually follow, I'm realizing I followed Jason and Zookas on Twitter.

Oh, yeah.

He's at, what's his Twitter?

Oh, yeah.

I'm sorry.

Isn't Jason and Zookas not online?

Oh, no, he has a secret burner account.

What did you say?

I always thought that was so cool.

It's a really simple handle.

L-A-L-Y-L-Y.

Yeah.

That's where he creeps around on the internet without anyone.

No.

Well, maybe we shouldn't.

Oh, no, he's fine with it.

Oh, okay.

No, yeah, he likes it.

Follow him.

I'm going, hey, Jason, I'm sweet.

All right, Jason.

So did you ever catch the lobster?

Yes, we did.

And let me tell you something.

He was not happy.

And I was not happy with him.

So I was just napping at him.

But two unhappy beings.

We didn't just drop him in the boiler.

I was like, I just killed him.

He didn't even eat him.

Because he was like a revenge kind of thing at that point.

Yeah, at that point, I used to say, you just sort of bitch, you make me run around.

I think the best kind of food that you can have is just taken straight from the nature.

So for us, in Colorado, we eat a ton of elk and stuff.

Oh.

Have you ever done anything with elk?

Like I'll hit it here and I'll eat it for a bit.

Yeah, we did a venison.

We did venison jerky.

Ooh.

We bought some venison jerky and put that on the grill and he did it up.

Grill.

Yeah.

So you didn't even dry it.

You just like...

Well, dry it out even more if you can believe it.

Right.

Yeah.

I can't.

I couldn't believe it either.

How many views you getting on these things?

Yeah.

If we have a video up for a month, seven million, three in one month and then I don't really check after the month.

We don't keep track of it after that.

That's viral.

So who are they?

You're keeping track of it before then.

We do.

Yeah.

What members on the team, the eight, what are the eight, the crazy eights we call.

One of the crazy eights keeps track on that.

Keep track of it.

But once it hits seven million after a month.

We don't know after the month.

So who are these?

We ran up to 30 million.

We've had up down to 100, 1000.

Who are these zooks heads up there?

Like who are we talking?

Who's the average man?

Who likes your show?

It could be...

It's a lot of people because some people come for the grill and some people come that they love action chases and that type of thing.

How many episodes are you unable to catch the thing that you're about to grill?

Yeah.

Most.

Really?

Okay.

Most.

I'm a lobster after you snapped his neck.

Oh, and some people...

I ended up not grilling him.

Oh, you just snapped his neck and said, you make me run around my yard on this all this broken glass.

I know shoes, no glasses.

I'm going to kick your ass, but I'm going to kill them.

I'm not kicking his ass a little bit anyway.

I had one of the crazy eights, string him up.

Like a bignada and you just beat the shot out of it.

Not like a holy field punching bag.

Oh, okay.

Holy field.

Everlast is what I'm trying to say.

Everlast punching bag.

So, two bags, balls.

So, the episode ended with you just punching this dead lobster.

Yeah.

And as I was doing it, I said, hey, put a beer on the grill.

And they came out with a bush light.

I think it was bush light that episode.

Okay.

And that gets 7 million views.

People love it.

People seem to love it.

And so, the one that you were able to actually put on the grill is the elk jerky.

Yeah.

And that's it.

That wasn't the only one.

We talked about me three or four episodes.

I've been doing this for five years.

I've got to do it a week.

Okay.

You do the math.

How many?

So, 250, 260 episodes.

Did you do the math?

I did.

There you go.

And how many things have you actually grilled?

In that time, about, oh, we've probably gotten 30 successful pieces of me.

Successful.

Thanks for writing.

To cook, to put on a plate.

Right.

Eating off camera.

Yeah, we don't like to see.

We don't like the...

Fans don't like the maths too much.

Right.

I have a question.

Sure.

So, like, Guy Fieri...

That's how you say Fieri, Fieri.

Yeah, Fieri.

I've been hearing Fieri.

Fieri.

There is an R in it.

Fieri?

I think it's Italian or something.

Okay.

So, Guy Fieri.

Yeah.

Fieri.

He'll bring in his, like, sons when they, like, tape stuff at his house.

Do you ever bring in, like, other people?

Never been married.

Never had a son.

Never had a daughter.

I am sterile.

It was a...

Growing up living next to very close to power lines.

How close?

Like, through your bedroom?

Well, where my bathroom was.

Really?

In my home, you had to step over a power line straddling to be into the toilet.

So, what did your parents just build the house and were like, you know, we got to...

They just bought it from some crooked...

If I could say this, uh...

uh, schnook.

Is that what I can say on the...

I think so.

Okay.

I think we can still say schnook, right?

I have not to share.

Yeah.

I don't know what that is.

Uh, it's a, uh, uh, I guess...

How would you describe it?

Because I don't know that I want to.

I don't understand like the jerk or a fool or something.

Yeah.

I sort of said that as a joke like, can we say this, but is that a bad thing?

I know.

I think it's all right.

I didn't mean any offense by it.

I hope you didn't take offense by it.

So you...

So, you're sterile...

Right.

And that...

That has prevented you from getting married.

Because some women would like that.

Uh, not the women I meet.

Or the women I'm interested in.

I want a woman who has a big family.

I like sterile men.

I think it's hot.

Well, thank you.

So your thing is you like women who want a big family, but you're unable to provide.

My thing is that I got a grilling show.

And, and I got a grilling show.

Scott's always trying to get to what people's thing is.

Yeah.

Well, I just...

And I told you right off the bat, my thing.

I know, but someone comes on with the name of Jason Manzukas.

Sure.

And then immediately says that's not part of his thing.

I don't know what I can tell you about that other than the fates of the world gave me the name, Jason.

That is a good question.

It almost seems like from the dawn of time we were just living there.

But, uh, no, to give you an honest answer, I lived there and then he moved in.

He moved in.

Okay.

So he, and was he surprised when he found he was living next to someone who...

You know, it's funny.

I don't know if we ever discussed...

He knows my name's Jason, but I don't know if he knows my last name.

What's on your mailboxes?

Uh, Manz, AJ and his, uh, AJ as well.

AJ?

Why AJ?

I mean, he's a J.M.

Hey, Manz, hey, Mans, hey, Mans.

Are you lying?

AJ.

I'm not lying about that.

I just was not thinking when I was talking.

Okay, that happens to me from time to time.

Cause everyone's talking about someone comes on here and is lying.

No.

And we get down to the bottom of that and it's like...

Oh, that's when it's like a rat in the podcast.

Yes, are you trying to sabotage this podcast?

I would never.

This is an important podcast for Natasha.

Natasha, you're probably trying to flush me out if I'm the rat.

He's a saboteur I can tell.

Hey!

You spit in the mouth.

Do you know English, please?

You're trying to sabotage things.

Well, I did spit in somebody's food.

I don't know who that was.

Oh, no.

Was it the beer in your mouth?

I think it's your own.

Yeah, it was the only one eating.

Okay, yeah, that was my own food.

So it's fine.

Okay.

So, okay, so you have a terrible show.

I have a show that does well online.

It does really, really well, but it seems like in spite of you.

In spite of...

I don't know what that's in the spotlight.

What are the views on the ones where you actually cook something?

Those are hot, too.

I mean, those are up in the eight and a half millions for the month.

People want to see it in success, but people also want to see...

That's more than most network shows.

Yeah, I know.

Well, you know, everything's moving online.

I found...

Okay, so you don't have any interesting thoughts on that either.

So you're not moving?

Yeah, yeah.

Like what you just said is pretty cliché and pretty boring.

So really the interesting thing about...

You said that does hurt my feelings.

The interesting thing about you is who you live next door to.

No.

Your weird name.

Okay.

Your credits of your show.

Oh, yeah.

And then most of the episodes you aren't successful in actually cooking something.

The book I'm coming out with is gonna be good.

What's your book?

Natasha has a book coming out in November.

I learned about the essays book.

What is your book, though?

Well, my book is catered towards my fans who watch the show and grill with me and eat.

And you know, eat that much meat, you're gonna get gain weight.

So it is lose weight while you masturbate, isn't it?

But that is not the interesting thing here.

No, that sounds interesting.

It's a book.

Everyone has weight loss books.

You go to the library, you go to bars and nobles.

The whole section full of weight loss.

No, but the process.

How are you losing weight while you're masturbating?

Because that's not enough energy just doing that.

I mean, you're not working hard enough, Scott.

If you just do that all day, you're not going to lose weight necessarily unless you don't.

You're going to lose maybe a pound of sperm.

Yeah, it's a pound even.

Good for you.

Good for me.

Okay.

So that's kind of interesting.

Yeah, it's mostly doing sit-ups and jerking off.

At the same time.

Yeah, well, it's like sit-up, jerking off, all the way back up.

Sit-up, jerking off, all the way back up.

Hey, we got one?

Oh, we got one for ladies.

Gotta say that.

A chapter for ladies or an entirely different book?

Somebody the crazy eight's working on that one.

Okay.

All right.

So, Jason Manzukas.

Yeah.

You sound like you have kind of an interesting thing, like on the periphery of where you are.

I don't know.

Maybe all these, what you say, boring things add up to a pretty okay guy who's just got a show that's gonna.

Just a sterile, sterile man who lives next door to a Jason Manzukas and explodes a beer bottle at the end of every episode, cutting yourself open and then you turn that into a drink.

I think I know what's happening.

What's that?

I think that Scott is jealous.

Interesting.

Because God's podcast, there's no way he's getting millions of hits.

Scott, you look good in the gray T-shirt.

You're throwing shade.

Does that look good on you?

And jealousy is not your look.

So green, I don't look good in green.

Is that what you're trying to say?

I love that.

That was off the cuff.

All of my shows are scripted.

Oh, really?

So even the chasing the lobster around, that was scripted.

Yeah.

Why didn't you talk about this at the beginning?

That's interesting.

What is skilled lobster?

You look good.

You want to wrap the episodes?

The casting process.

And to come in and know he's gonna die as well at the end of this.

Yeah.

Well, he had a death wish, I think.

All right.

He was related to...

Oh, you have more.

I have a little more to say about the one.

Just one tidbit.

Okay.

He was the grandson of Dr. Jack of Oregon.

And I'll say about that.

Check out Rillen with Zoopz coming at you every other day.

Every other day.

He said once a week.

We do once a week, but every other day we repost it.

Okay.

So we have to wipe those views, Clay.

Why does the views so...

You don't even care about that.

That's seven million in two days.

Wow.

All right.

Well, the Jason Manzoo, because we have to take a break.

When we come back, we have someone in the medical profession.

So we'll get a little medical advice.

This is exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang bang.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

Natasha Legero is here.

Rat in the kitchen.

See, this is a show.

Where?

I'm kidding you.

Well, what I'm saying is this is an interesting hook for a show.

I hope we get seven million views.

Yeah.

Maybe you don't need to be interesting.

Maybe that's...

Yeah.

I mean, your show is not...

I mean, this is a Jason Manzoo, who also has a cooking show.

Your show doesn't have...

I'm a Jason Manzoo, and I have a...

Oh, yes.

Okay.

Aside from Natasha, I also have one.

I would have.

I thought your point was a Jason Manzoo.

All right.

Stop talking.

Who also has a cooking show, because that...

Please stop.

But what you may think is...

Go ahead.

I do think there's something to people being less interesting in it being better TV, for example, Vanessa Lachey on Love Is Blind.

Yeah, there's something to do with it.

Yeah.

I mean, what is her life like, do you think?

I think she probably just hangs out in a huge house all day.

Yeah.

I bet she has a little sign on her dust that says Girl Boss.

I bet you're totally right about that.

Can I...

Go ahead.

I hope this is Girl Boss.

Oh, okay.

And I ordered it for one of the Crazy 88, because you thought it's a Girl Boss.

I was like, give me a Girl Boss when it's her birthday.

I'm killing it.

She's absolutely killing it.

And then you got it.

He's a Girl Boss.

Because they knew it was coming to me at Jason Manzukas.

So they said, oh, you must have been mistaken.

So there was one called Girl Boss, but they gave it to you because they thought that you were ordering it for yourself.

Bingo.

Wow.

So I gave it to her anyway, and she said, this really, I'm not going to...

You're the Girl Boss.

I said, okay, but mark my words.

You're the Girl Boss, and you're going to get that plaque.

Did you order a new Girl Boss plaque?

I'm going to do that on a birthday.

I'm going to do that.

I'm going to write myself the reminder on her birthday to do that.

Okay, very good.

Very good.

We have to get to our next guest.

This is exciting.

He's in the medical profession.

Please welcome Dr. Fauci.

Oh, whoa.

Oh, hi, Dr. Fauci.

Oh, my God.

Thank you so much, Scott.

It's good to be here.

It's great to see you.

I had no idea.

I didn't realize until you sat down, and I read your name on the thing, Vizzy.

I mean, you're obviously people know who you are.

Dr. Fauci, the famous Dr. Fauci.

Let me tell you something.

Okay.

I'm a young young being humble.

Okay.

Everybody knows the Fauci.

Everybody.

I'm calling myself the Fauci now.

By the way, I have these stickers, and I have these posters, and I have these shirts that say Fauci, posse.

So I'll be selling them after the show outside your house if that's okay.

What about something that rhymes?

Like, don't botch the Fauci or something like that.

I don't even know what that means.

I get fauci.

Is that ethical for you to have merchandise?

Is it ethical for people to send me death wishes?

You know, people are sending me death wishes.

It's kind of even zouted.

Right.

You know what I mean?

I've been there.

The death threats and death wishes.

Some people threaten to kill me.

Some people wish that I die.

Right.

You know, I don't get it.

What's worse for you?

Wishing that I die.

You would rather they send death threats than just silently wishing that you're dead.

Well, because the thing is a death threat, you know who the death is going to come from.

It's the person sending the death threat.

But a death wish, you don't know when it's going to happen.

So they're wishing you die of natural causes?

Yes.

And I'm sick of it.

I hope you die of an aneurysm.

And I'm going to say, do you know what aneurysm is?

It hurts.

I have to say, I thought a death wish was something you had for yourself.

I think you can.

It could be both.

You can have it for yourself and you could have it for somebody else.

Okay.

Right.

You can wish some you can.

Yeah.

Exactly.

That's what the lobster I mentioned who had the death wish.

Right.

Yeah.

He wanted it on me because I was chasing more.

I got a death wish.

So he's a no nut.

He didn't want to die.

But you killed him.

He wanted me to die.

And he also talked.

Did I say he was a writer?

Did somebody mention it?

You wrote it.

Anyway, that's not getting involved.

Okay.

Lobsters make noise.

A lot of people don't understand.

Lobsters make noise.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Usually they're in the sea and I, you know, you can't hear anything.

Under the sea.

Yeah.

Thank you.

It's much better than they're known to hum.

What do you think that song came from originally?

Under the seas?

Prostations hum.

Yes.

All the time.

I had a prostration when I was a kid.

It was called Crabby the Crab.

And this fucking thing would never stop humming.

And awful songs too.

Like what?

Like songs you didn't like?

Yeah.

Like, mm-hmm.

Crash test.

We've only just begun.

Yes.

Exactly.

Crash carpenters.

Oh, that's oh.

Oh, yeah.

Anytime he hears humming.

Yeah.

Exactly.

He thinks it must be the Crash test.

Exactly.

We have just met today.

But how'd you know that about it?

How'd you know that?

You know they had more songs than just that one.

And they actually sing the lyrics in other songs.

Oh.

Yeah.

Proceed.

So Dr. Fauci, I mean it's so great to meet you.

I mean we're coming.

A lot of people say, hey, the pandemic's over.

But you know, you've been out there saying maybe it's not where.

I mean, where are we right now?

Where I guess, look, here's the thing.

Nothing's over until it's over, right?

Great point.

Exactly.

You can't say you milk the cow unless the milk is in the bucket.

The bucket, right.

Or on the ground, I guess, if you don't have a bucket.

That is a very similar analogy we use in the book.

Go ahead.

Can you ever milk a cow and they just like it's on the ground and then they try to scoop it up after the fact or?

No, once that milk is on the ground, it belongs to the grass.

It's just milky grass.

Yeah, exactly.

You don't want to, you don't want to, I've licked milk off the ground before.

You have?

Oh, you're going to do this.

Get sick.

Very nice.

And you got sick too?

Oh, because I've got dysentery for weeks.

Is that why you became a doctor?

Because you got sick once and you're like, I got to figure out how to stop this from happening or?

Have you read my biography?

That's exactly what happened.

One day I got very sick, very sick from drinking milk.

Later on I found out I was something called what?

Lactose in tolerant.

When you take lactose, you immediately defecate it out.

You have to drive really fast.

Oh, yeah.

And you really guess what, you have to take a poop when you're suddenly driving or when you're busy hanging something, like hanging a painting.

Like a painting?

Yes.

How many paintings do you have in your house?

730?

I think, yeah.

So you're an art collector?

I mean, your famous now.

Look, let me tell you something.

What do you have?

Like Boschios.

Boschios.

I got 700.

Bancic.

Really?

How many bancies?

Bancies, let me see.

I got 20 bancies.

Did you buy that bancie, the one that like just shredded itself?

Yes, I did.

And you bought that one?

Let me tell you, I was furious.

I bought it home and it was completely shredded.

When I bought it, it wasn't.

I bought it home and it was shredded.

Did I let you keep the shredder that was attached to it?

Because that's got to be a waste of equipment that we could actually use.

That one that took back.

That took the shredder back.

It took the shredder back and I had nothing except a pile of painting.

That is weird.

Wow.

So you're an art guy.

You're an art guy.

But let me tell you more than anything, I'm a Brooklyn guy.

Read out of Brooklyn.

Shout out to Biggie Smalls.

Oh, great.

Oh, so you're a fan of Brooklyn artists?

I'm from the Brooklyn streets.

A lot of people don't know this about me.

I didn't know that.

Yeah.

I'm from the Brooklyn streets.

You look at me, you're like, okay, Dr. Fauci.

You're an older gentleman, but you're famous now.

Older gentleman famous now.

When I walk around, when I walk down the Brooklyn streets, people are like, Fauci, Fauci, Fauci, Fauci.

And then I put my hands up.

Everyone starts cheering.

It's real nice.

I'm funny.

Dice has said this exact same thing to me.

Dice?

I'm from the streets of Brooklyn.

Yeah.

And we guys are going to start.

I know.

Yeah.

He's not from the streets.

I'm from the streets.

Really?

What street?

Minegroves.

I just walk the streets waiting for people to shout at me.

What kind of things do they shout at you?

Stupid little tiny bitch.

Get your ass up here.

Let me tell you, in the beginning of the pandemic, constantly people worry because I'm a little guy, I'm a short king.

You're like, Hey, you little fuck.

Why don't you come here?

People were blaming you, blaming the pandemic on you or blaming?

They were blaming a lot of different things on me.

They were blaming the pandemic on me, blaming their divorces on me, blaming various types of, you know, I hate to say miscarriages on me.

Yeah, I saw it on Facebook.

It was all over the message.

I don't know.

All different kinds.

Yeah.

They were blaming everything on you.

But now they cheer when they see you.

Now they cheer when they see me.

Everyone's like, everyone wants a piece of the big fudge, big fudge.

And if you don't mind, maybe you guys don't mind, call me big fudge because like that's what people have been calling me.

Yeah, sure.

I'll call you big fudge.

You love it when they call you big fudge.

Big fudge all day.

Fudge.

All night.

Is that how your name is pronounced?

Fudge?

Huh?

No, that's how I say it.

Oh, okay.

Because I don't give a fudge.

Oh, I know that.

Okay.

That's what's up.

But let me tell you something.

You're here to talk about it.

It's in the house.

Okay.

And so am I well established.

It's anybody have any questions about the pandemic?

I can answer for you.

You know what other questions I can answer for you?

A little word called, I don't know, AIDS.

Have you heard about this?

Most of you know the reason that we have Johnson, etc.

Are you asking like if I heard about that is the smallest word, the littlest word I've heard?

What's yeah, it's not the littlest word you ever heard.

I think I think.

Are all is the littlest.

Well, I because it's a little thinner.

You know why people don't talk about AIDS as much anymore?

Because of me, the big fudge.

Most of these studies that were done on AIDS, who would who did it?

You were the guy who yeah, you were in charge of all this.

You're the guy.

I mean, who basically got it under control a little bit is that is that I got under control a little bit.

I single handedly was the one big fauci that got AIDS under control.

I went to every single community and told them what to do to not get it and what to do when you do get it.

I got to say you could reach a bigger audience pop going on YouTube because you can't accept every single community.

Yeah, but I wanted to single community.

Well, this is way before YouTube's right before the Internet's email.

Were you the guy?

No, I could have done that.

But where would I get everyone's email from?

Were you the guy who also went to George Michael and said, please put a lyric, sex is best when it's one on one?

Absolutely.

So that got the message out and helped control AIDS.

Do you know what the original?

Is that true?

I fully disagree.

Sex is way better with a lot of people.

No, but originally it was like sex, you know, he was like, he was like sex is best without a condom with multiple people.

With the same time.

Some of them will take intravenous drugs.

Right.

I said, look, George, I know you know what you're doing, but I know what I'm doing.

You've got to stop with this.

Plus sex is best when it's one on one rhymed with the previous lyrics.

Exactly.

So it's like, yeah, exactly.

And then didn't the lyric from faith come out?

You got to listen to me on this.

You got to have faith.

And he said, oh, I got to give me an idea for a song.

Can I hear that right?

Yes.

Also the song Monkey on my back, he got that from me too.

Really?

So I had a monkey on my back.

A literal monkey?

Yes, that refused to leave.

Don't ever, ever monkey watch.

Don't ever watch something.

You're watching your friends, Monkey?

Yes.

Oh my God.

My friend's name.

What was it?

Michael Jackson.

Oh my God.

You were friends with Michael Jackson?

Yes.

What do you think gave him Probafall?

That was a different guy.

I thought it was.

No, no, who do you think gave that?

Oh, you're the guy behind the guy.

You got to get, you are a Probafall.

You come to the big fudge.

Let me tell you that.

Okay.

Do you regret like telling everyone like didn't you kind of know that masks would help even though you said at the beginning that they wouldn't help?

Remember, you've made people not.

Remember, I was doing a bit.

I was just doing it was a joke at first that went really far.

Oh, you were joking.

I made a joke.

It's like, why would I wear a mask?

You're being sarcastic.

Then you can't tell if I'm smiling.

I've literally never worn a mask.

I'm not.

You don't believe in them?

Yeah, no, I just think the masks are the problem and like we should all do.

The masks are the problem?

No, the virus is the problem.

No, it's the mask.

I will agree.

Masks are the problem, but only in the Scream series.

I will say that.

Ghostface.

In other words.

Yeah, whoever's problem.

Wearing that is usually the bad guy in the Scream series.

In the Jim Carrey movie, The Mask.

He was actually the hero though.

But the mask was bad.

The mask was bad.

Was that the mask?

The mask was evil.

The mask was evil, but it made him so funny.

He said smoke in.

Oh, he was already funny.

Oh, so he didn't need the mask before?

I think that's the lesson we all learned is that Jim Carrey does not need a mask to make him free.

You should rewatch it's guy clearly he didn't get through to you.

Do you have any hobbies, Fauci?

What do you do for fun?

That's how you host it.

You are a good host.

You're clearly like, you know, he wants to, you know, step away from your persona.

Yes.

Thank you fabulous.

I started surfing.

Anybody heard of this fucking thing?

Yeah, we didn't know we all heard of surfing.

The Beach Boys sang about it.

The never fucking song.

The Beach Boys?

Yeah, the Beach, Brian Wilson, the Beach Boys.

The dude that had like, it's schizophrenia.

I mean, it's schizophrenic.

One of them was hitting the ear by his dad.

No, that doesn't cost schizophrenia.

Believe me.

But I went to an all Catholic nun boy school.

It's when it was.

You were all girls.

You were all boys.

You were taught to be nuns?

Yes.

Because there wasn't any because the Catholic church was pissed off that there wasn't enough boy nuns.

Okay.

So I joined that.

It was easier than joining the priest one.

Right.

Yeah, easier to get in.

Yeah.

And you all had to try to do where you dressed in habits all day and we were dressed.

Well, let's just say we made it a habit to always be dressed that way.

But I think there's a protest.

So you could have just said yes, but instead you made a joke.

It was it was it funny or was it not?

I don't know.

I think Scott's laughing at it.

All puns are funny period and a story period.

You know what sharks do in the Atlantic?

Uh, yep.

They'll come rob up against you.

You know, are you talking about shark?

Shark.

Sharks.

Oh, sorry.

I thought you were talking about shark.

Finally, someone was trying to.

I don't know what's more dangerous though.

A shark or a shark in the water?

I mean, I would say a shark because if you shorten the water, nobody knows.

Right?

No, but if it's sharks in the water, everybody knows.

Exactly.

Is that what you're trying to say?

Exactly.

So what's worse?

A shark in the water.

If you're going to shark, you might as well do it in the water.

Right?

Do you think that a shark would attract a shark?

A shark would attract a shark on if you have bleeding.

Yeah, because well, bleeding, like you guys know that documentary, Grizzly Bear.

Uh, Grizzly Man?

Yeah, Grizzly Man.

Oh, that was okay.

But, you know, of course, the rumor started that a woman's period attracted the bear that killed everybody.

And most people would say that that's sexist, but I think that that's the truth.

I think that's probably sexist.

People, society loves to blame women.

Another thing.

Uh, when I give things, we're wrapping up.

Are you kidding me?

I just got on.

I was going to start talking about.

You just got on?

How long have I been here for?

Ten minutes?

Five minutes?

It worked to me.

Time flies when you're having a good time.

What's your last thing?

My last thing is this.

Uh, listen, everybody, go out there, have a good time.

Have a good time.

That seems contrary to what the advice you should be.

No, no, but let me care about yourself, but do me a favor and do yourself a favor.

Care about someone else too.

Very good.

Doctor Houchy.

Very good.

Rather than a rabbit.

Very good.

That's the fauci I know.

You're different.

Why?

Because you want to be the only one out there.

Oh, because of dangerous.

I have the biggest wealth on my ass.

All right.

Just sitting here and saying something nice.

Falling into a place.

Soft.

I mean, water is pretty soft.

I'm not sure.

Sand is soft.

You're surfing on the sand?

Closer to the ocean, I think.

You got to get the out there.

Sand, sand, sand.

All day.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, we're running out of time.

We just have one final feature on the show, and that is, of course, a little something called Plugs.

Scott talks a lot to interesting people.

Oxa hotshot.

There's no just an evil.

But this is the place where we change up the pace and.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Oh, no.

Oh my God.

Wow.

Patrick Mark Havocan featuring MC Hovercraft with butt clots.

It's a surprise.

I like it.

That's why I love about coming, being big fans is that when they follow you, it's like blood clots.

6,000.

Oh my God.

Thank you so much to them.

Guys, why don't we plug in Natasha?

Obviously, we have Rat in the Kitchen.

Yeah.

Starting March 31st.

I'm going to be playing podcast and listening to podcast.

That's with Mosha.

That is with my husband, Mosha Cashard.

I'm banging him up.

Sorry, Kayla.

Kayla, what do you want to plug?

Okay, so I want to plug a different podcast than Scott has brought up.

I can't believe you guys have brought this.

Oh my God.

Which one?

It's called, this book changed my life.

It's on CBB World.

What is that?

I don't know.

You seem confused by it.

It's some kind of platform you have to pay for.

And then I want to plug a little show called Killing It on Peacock that I heard about from Sharts Truck.

He's been playing it nonstop.

And also, of course, Jason Mancicas is Twitter.

Oh yeah, which is at L-A-L-Y-Y.

Why?

Oh, that's what is Instagram.

His secret Instagram.

He pretends to be a woman.

He pretends to be this one named Lily Sullivan.

And I mean, it's pretty cool.

He's not online, but he's just like haunting us or something.

No, yeah, he's just secretly stalking everyone.

Yeah.

But he does a really good job of pretending to be this very hot woman.

Yeah, very interesting person that he just, he's built up this whole fake life.

And by the way, Jason Mancicas isn't even real.

He's Jeffrey character Wheaties.

I mean, that's like levels.

Yeah, right.

Very, very layered.

Speaking of Jason Mancicas, Jason Mancicas.

Yes.

What do you want to plug?

You rang.

I want to plug, of course, the TV show and the book coming out, whatever the hell that was that you talked about.

He talked about it.

You can't even remember.

Guy Katie, remember because I don't care about it.

What I do care about is the Sloppy Boys podcast that you know we talk about, or they talk about like Pottail.

But that group is also a band and they're going on tour starting on May 6th.

We're going to South Carolina, North Carolina, New York City, Troy, New York, Philadelphia, and Boston.

Never find a Vancouver date.

We they did not yet.

They did get in contact with the gentleman that you gave them and we're working on something to tell.

Harder.

But very good.

That might not happen.

So don't say you're clocked.

Do it.

Sloppy Boys.

All right.

And Dr. The Fauch, the Fauch.

Sorry, the Fauch.

Big Fauch.

What do you want to plug here?

I guess AIDS and...

I want to plug.

I first of all want to plug AIDS.

Don't catch it, but if you have it, don't tell anyone.

What?

Oh, so tell your dad about your partner.

Yeah, tell everyone.

I mean, if they find out, be honest with them.

Yes.

They find out.

Let me see what I want to plug.

My album Straight Out of Brooklyn should be coming out in the next couple of weeks.

What kind of music is it or is it spoken word?

It's spoken word.

Straight out of Brooklyn.

I can give you it's straight out of Brooklyn.

Straight out of Brooklyn.

That's where I'm from.

I guess that wasn't spoken word.

That was more than a large billion.

But you get the point.

So there is a very funny, lovely actor and comedian.

His name is Peter Banifaz.

His Instagram is really funny.

You should check it out at P. Banning.

What's funny about his Instagram?

He does all these fun cultural videos.

He's Iranian.

He does these like videos about like how it has been Iranian American.

It's really funny.

They make me laugh.

I've seen them.

My man.

I do.

I like you.

The second I lay dyes on you.

Really?

You guys are like good friends.

You just look in my direction.

You've had your back to him this entire time.

You just turned around.

Sorry, that's very rude of me.

But let me tell you now that I see you've got what it takes.

And I'll take what you got.

Love it.

But yeah, other than that, just to check out the album.

See if you like it.

Alright, we'll see if we like it.

I want to plug, you mentioned CBBWorld.com.

Go over there and yeah, we had an episode of this book Change My Life.

And we've got episodes of Hey Randy with Randy Snodz.

We have Will Hines has a show.

You can't handle the sleuths.

A lot of great stuff coming out there.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make your box.

It's time to start to close it.

Alright, that was Jerome VDB.

Closing the plugs 2022 Club Remix.

Thanks so much to them.

Alright guys, I want to thank you so much.

Natasha, always great to see you.

If you happen to go by a theater, the Batman is playing everywhere right now.

It's in the middle of its 45 day theatrical window.

Oh, sorry.

No?

I mean, I know I will not, but I'm glad that.

Have you ever seen one of them?

No.

Not even like the Tim Burton one where Jack Nicholson was in or?

No.

Sorry, honey.

Kayla Dickey, always great to see you.

Hey, it's such a pleasure.

Enjoy truck week.

Thank you so much.

Praying my new man is out there.

Oh, I hope so.

You're definitely not here for what I can tell you guys all drive little cars.

Fouch, what a big fouch.

What do you drive?

Big fouch, big fouch.

I got the brand new Lamborghini.

Yes, UV.

Yeah.

That's pretty flashy for you.

Hey, you know what?

I'm tired of pretending I'm not a fucking medical box.

Yeah, you're a baller.

Big time.

And you're making a lot of money on the vaccine.

A lot of, hey, don't go to my mouth.

But you are.

Come on.

I mean, I got a little, I got a little, I got a Mr. T. Do you wet your beak every once in a while?

I got an investment here and there.

All right.

I told you I'm going to say my name, my name, my name.

Abba.

Abba?

Abba.

Oh, sorry, not Jason Mansu because Jason Mansu.

Yes.

Can I leave you with a thought?

Yes, please.

As we're sitting out here in your backyard, lovely as it is, I saw some, the hummingbirds flan around and I got to thinking I was watching them.

I'm thinking to myself, are all hummingbirds crashed as dummy spains?

Uh, mmm.

Mmm.

Very humming.

They constantly humming.

That's something I was thinking about.

That was your final thought?

It was a thought I had and I thought about something.

I'm not going to use this anywhere else.

Not even on your own, Joe.

I'd have to be outside with the hummingbird.

You're grilling inside on your show?

No, no, I don't have hummingbirds outside.

Oh, I have a net around me.

That's crazy that your writing team didn't write you that line.

It was so good.

Well, thank you.

I'm good.

I don't know what to say to that.

I don't think I want to be that guy.

In the middle of the world.

I don't think I want to be that guy.

You Thank you.
