---
layout: page
title: 754. Claudia O’Doherty, Carl Tart, Brad Evans, Nick Ciarelli [6265c05c1fbc660017eb0195].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Crime and a what's a Staghorn beetle got to do to get some shut-eye around here. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you, Grastan Verpitt, aka Snoroguus, for that.

God, what is this show?

For that wonderful catchphrase submission, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

For another edition, my name is Scott Ocarman. Backyard era is coming to a close, I believe, especially after last week's Drilla Palooza. We're still hearing some drilling from the next door neighbors. We, oh, I should turn off the pool sounds as well. The one other thing I forgot to do.

We have a great show for you. This, I mean, this is our final show of our 13th year right now.

If you can believe it, we will be starting our 14th year of the podcast next week. And it's fitting that the backyard era will be coming to a close after that, I do believe. And we have a great show. Coming up a little later, we have an athlete.

That's very exciting. And we have a couple of film reviewers. So that is an interesting show.

But first, we need to get to someone who is, I guess, how to describe her. She's, I mean, she's a returning guest. That much is certain.

Bad favorite. Hmm, I'm not sure if I would go necessarily that far.

Love it. Contest winner. Yeah. Have you won another contest?

What do you think, Sky? I think you did.

I did. I'm walking on air. I'm so excited. Well, let me, she hasn't been on the show for a little while, a couple of years, I believe. Yeah, I can't wait to explain that to you. But, and she also, in her spare time when she's not being entered into contests, she also does a bit of acting, I guess.

Is your an amateur actor? That's usually connected to the competition, right, to be quite honest.

You're in a new show, Killing Eve. Is that what it is? It is sort of a spin-off of Killing Eve. Really? Yes, it's still good. This time Eve kills. Yeah, that's right. Except Eve's been turned into many snakes. Oh, okay. Well, and this is called Eve's Revenge. What is this called? Killing it. Killing it. Oh, wow. That's a really dehumanizing Eve, don't you think?

Well, is she? She's a woman, you know? Well, she's also like- Let's call her by her name.

Wait, in that show, Killing Eve? Yeah. She's the killer.

Eve is the, is the, you know- The titular Eve. The titular Eve. Is she Sandra O or the other one?

That's a great question. I would have to watch that show in order to find out how to go on the internet.

The other one seems like a plan to not do in that. I think, no, I actually can't guess. I don't know. Yeah, we'll never know.

We shouldn't even talk about that show. No, let's keep that show's name out of our fucking mouths. That show's over. It is. It just ended. But my show has just begun. It's just begun.

Like a feeder. I think for every show that starts another show should be canceled, don't you agree?

I absolutely agree. It used to be like that. It used to be there was only- One in one out.

Three or four channels. They broadcast most of the day, although sometimes they would go off and you'd see the national anthem. That was my favorite show. I love that. And then like if you had to put something on, you had to take something off. And that's how it should be. That's how it should be. Now with streaming, it's like you can add 80 million shows and- Well, I'm, I love Peacock.

What an amazing streaming platform. But all the rest should go. It should go away. We should cancel them. Right. Cancel every other subscription. And I don't mean like cancel them as in like they should stop working. They need to be people. No, we need to meet two of these other streamers.

I think they have me too. Really? That clicks as me too.

Really? HBO's me too. They're all me too.

What happens then? That's when a streamer gets a little too close on your- They sort of go to the UK for a while. They get like a nice girlfriend there and it's fine. Right. Yeah, so they'll be fine.

Yeah, they'll be okay. But Peacock, that's the one that should remain. Peacock has not me too, the single person. Oh, that bird. That bird is pretty frisky, don't you think?

Yeah, but it's a, that, it's a peacock. That's its nature.

I mean, it's pee, it's cock, it's streaming. Everything's going on. Everything's bad.

Yeah, but it's, you know, it's all in the- That should be the first one to meet. It's all in the name.

So it's, it's out on the table.

Oh, as the immortal Bard once asked, would it name by any other Rose smell is good?

And he was right to us. He was right to ask that. He was totally wrong about the, the content of his question, but he was right to ask it.

Because it's a free country.

When he encouraged people to eat his shorts, he was asking for it in a way.

He really was, was it not? Yeah, so he- He was the original Bartman, wasn't he?

He was the original Bartman of the mall. Yep. Claudia, welcome back to the show.

It feels so good to be- What's been going on with you? I am buzzing.

Let's catch people up. You, the first time you were ever on the show, gosh, it feels like six or so year- It probably was. Probably was six or so years ago.

Probably was six or so years ago.

Six or so years ago. Yeah. You won a contest- Yes.

To come to America and be on Comedy Bang Bang. That's true.

Interesting. And now I, we, Comedy Bang Bang didn't host the contest. No, I mean, you know, some of the details are a little foggy. Yeah, they're a little fuzzy to me too. They were that day as well. Yeah.

They always have been because you know, Scott, it's never me entering the competition. No, that's right. I mean, this is, you have a wonderful life.

You don't need to enter competitions, but when you win them, it's thrilling. I, and I win them constantly. I know.

Because it's my mum who's entering me into the competition.

Right. Now, is she also hosting these competitions? Sometimes. Sometimes. Yeah. Not this time. Not this time really. Okay.

This time she, she's just entering me into them. And what was the competition this time?

Because you, you've been in, you've been away for two years.

I've been in you. Well, I didn't win any competitions for a couple of years because, well, there was the pandemic.

The prime minister of Australia said he was going to close the borders. Mm.

And I was- But not going out, certainly. Both. No, he did.

In and out. In and out.

Just like my favorite burger. Exactly. And also my favorite way for streaming platforms to- Right. And sex is good that way too. One in one out. Yeah.

And so- By the way, as far as sex goes, it should be like TV shows. If you put one in, you got to take one out. Right. But you know, sometimes, you know, some people like to just put it in. Sometimes you're like that. Three in there at the same time. Exactly. And everyone- As far as the internet has told me. Exactly. And I think everyone should do what they want, as long as everyone else likes it. Yes. We don't need to kink shame anyone. We want everyone to do whatever you want, as long as everyone agrees that it's normal.

And nice. Yes. And not scary. And not weird. Not weird. No, no. We don't want people to do weird stuff.

No, nothing weird. No. Just nice normal sex. Sweet, normal sex. Just the type of sex that you would have on a Saturday evening. Just in and go to sleep.

Just do your business and then honks you away. Exactly. Perfect. Perfect sex. And what is honkshuing? Honkshuing is another term for snoring, aka sleeping. That's the noise you're- I get it. I thought- The circular motion going in from the nose and out through the mouth. I thought it was a kind of shuffle.

Really? The honkshue shuffle? Are you a musician? I'd love to hear you put out a single- I wish I was. I mean, I can sing. I wish I was. I'm really good at being a person. You're really into him. No, I'm related to him. You're related to him?

Yeah. In what manner? Well, someone from my mom's family wrote to the Bing Crosby fan club and asked if we were related. They said we were distantly. Wow. Okay. Which is why I can sing like this.

He also was a great whistler. Let's hear you listen. And he abused women apparently, but I wouldn't know. No. But I mean, they don't tell stories of that in your family? No, because we never met the guy. Oh, no. We're just related to him. You just lived down the way a bit.

He was your neighbor? No, not my neighbor. But where I used to live, he lived there. Did you see your member? No, I saw- What's that other guy's name? Bob-bong.

I saw bong a lot every night.

Bing and bong? Bing and bong. Hey, Bing-bong. Yeah. What's up, players? A great couple of friends.

They were so nice together. Such sweet guys. So tell me about this contest. Okay. So I was kind of excited to get to go back to Australia finally, because- Did you win a contest to go back to Australia? No, my mom didn't want me to come back. You see. Oh, interesting. She's always trying to get me back to America. But I was like, the boy does a close in. I'm coming home. So I did.

I went home and then I followed the rules to quarantine in my room for seven months.

Seven. Oh, wait. And where did you read these rules? My mom told me. Oh, okay. Or she emailed them.

She emailed the rules to you. And what were the rules? You can't leave your room. No leaving of the room. I wasted away. Okay. Yeah. How did you eat? My dad would leave food at my door. Oh, okay.

Fish fingers. Wait, what are you guys call fish fingers?

Fish sticks usually unless you're talking about something different. No, I think it's the same thing. They're long rectangles, crumbed. Yes. Those are- Fish. Fish. Fish fingers. I mean, fish don't have fingers. So I think that's- But imagine if they did. Oh my god. Delicious. First of all, they would be able to open those undersea trunks that you see in aquariums. It would be perfect. They'd get their fingers on the treasure.

But here's my question for you. Do you ever prepared a fish finger by putting it in a toaster?

I imagine I have once or twice in my life. It works. It does. I have to admit, I haven't eaten one in many a decade at this point. I ate a lot when I was in Australia. Really? Yeah, I just hold- Yeah. Okay. Yeah. A lot of times when I say really, I'm surprised that I'm just kind of trying to fill time with this. Right. You're not questioning me. Yeah.

I'm not questioning me. Because it seems so much like a question. No, no, no. Seems like you're confirming if it's true. No. As a matter of fact, I believe everything you're telling me. Fantastic.

Okay. We're on the same level.

By the way, and you were hooked up to a lie detector test right now. Always.

It's not a thing that we do here on the show. I pride myself in my honesty.

Well, you're the most truthful person in Hollywood. You sort of talk about that a lot.

And you have this. It's a big complicated contraption. You're hooked up to a lie detector.

Yes. You have the bald guy like an ex-cop who's reading the- He really stares me down. Even though I've never set it off. Yeah. Yeah. I've always told the truth. So you would think he would be more relaxed around me. No, but you would think he would crack a smile once. It's an easy job.

Like Claudia, you're still telling the truth. And it's cushy.

Because he knows that until I die, he's got gainful employment. Got it made. And how many figures are we talking per year?

Seven. Seven figure job per year. All of them zero up until the last one, which is nine.

He makes $9. Nine dollars. Okay. Well, this is- I can see why he's frowning now. Yeah, I guess that's not great. Yeah. You should flip that, by the way.

Turn it on. It's had. So it's six million.

Wow. Oh, whoa. It slipped upside down and back to front.

Yes. All right. I'll do it.

I wouldn't suggest paying him nine million. That's way too much. But six million is reasonable.

Is reasonable. How much money do you make a year? A year per annum? Do you mean? Yeah, per annum.

Do you mean a calendar year or a fiscal year? I'm getting to say fiscal. Fiscal? Oh, fiscal is more.

Fiscal is definitely more. And what's the answer? The answer? Well, it's the- I'm going to hook you up to the machine. Basically the average per year divided by 12. That's the monthly rate. And then you times that by 12. And that's how much I make per year. And what is that? It's a- it's a a figure that you can imagine in your mind. I can't. I can't do the math. Can you tell me the number?

Say it. You are hooked up to the machine. Why did you hook me? Is this why you hooked me up to the machine? Yeah, I want to know. Hey, I have this fun party game. I'm going to ask all the guests who come on to the rest of the show. How much money they make. Well, we have a guest coming up a little later that I'm actually fascinated by how much he makes. Really? He's an athlete. And you know, athletes, they make a lot of money, but this guy's spending it left and right. I mean, or I believe- Did he have a lie detector person too? He should. I really, I wish that he had at one point.

But he refused to take the test. So Claudia, wait. So you were in your room and then what happened?

Well, my mom, I think, wanted me to go back to America. So she followed Tiger Waititi on Twitter.

He's a great follow. He's a great follow. And she also just, you know, she's pretty, she knows how to get connections in the beers. Sure. Well, he's from, he's from New Zealand. He's from New Zealand, but he's a big deal in Hollywood these days. Yeah, sure. No.

Yeah. From where I was.

Star Media is up. It's high. Yeah. How's your star meter doing, by the way, today?

Skyrock, have you checked it out since this morning or? I haven't. But- Yeah, I- I checked yours out about half an hour. What? It plummeted weirdly.

Why? I don't know. That doesn't make any sense. Something's going on with killing either. So like- I'm red hot right now. That actually doesn't make any sense to me either.

I should be in the top 50 by now. You really should. I agree. So now you're in, she follows Tiger. Yeah. And then- And she needs to get his attention.

So she does the best thing you can do.

When you want to get someone's attention. And nudes. No. Oh, okay. She follows. She unfollows.

She follows again. Follows again. Someone did that to me just recently. She unfollows.

And you noticed- I did notice. And you thought this person seems kind of cool.

I like to work with their daughter. Is that what happened?

So follow, unfollow, unfollow.

She followed, unfollow. He thought, what's going on here?

This is great. And they had never met before. They'd never met. Although she did teach his mum piano. Oh, interesting. So there was some kind of connection there. Okay. They got talking about that.

A connection is made.

Yeah. Can you sing the beginning of that song?

Weee. Run it out everywhere. Run it out everywhere.

Great. Great singing. Yes. Good, right? What happened to them?

A connection is made. I didn't know. That's cool.

Who are they? Alaska, my dear. Oh, it's Alaska. Just in freshman. Yeah. Okay. Sure.

Hmm. Was dating demon Albarn the- Oh, blood. The darlings of Britpop.

And then one guy from blood became like a conservative cheese magnet or something. Oh, I had no idea about that. Yeah.

Just kind of like right-wing cheese guy. The drummer I bet. Glasses. Glasses. Glasses. Glasses.

Are you learning how to talk American, by the way?

Absolutely not. Good.

I love this whole thing because it sounds like you're smart even though I suspect you're dumb.

Well, when someone's got glasses on. No, no. When you have a different accent.

Yeah. That's true. Yeah. I think people think I'm dumber than I am because of my accent.

Oh, yeah. That could be true too. I think I said of like Steve Owen type.

I hear you talk and I go, she's either dumber or smarter.

She's certainly not at the level that her accent implies. I know, which is crazy because I said to you earlier, we're on the level.

Right. Yeah. We're on your pool level. You've got an amazing pool. Oh, thanks.

The end of the show, we all jump in. Oh, no. Or the beginning of the show with your choice.

Not right now. I'm connected to so many wires. A connection is made. To the light of me. My favorite part of that song is the siren. Yeah, it's pretty good. I like the Yeah. What do you think that sound signifies? Probably. I don't know. I would imagine that the song is so good. The police are trying to arrest her. Stop playing it. Stop playing this too incredibly awesome song. Yeah. Okay. Is this on called a connection is made?

Ah, it should be. It should. Yeah. You're right. So now you're in your room. Yeah. Your mom is following Tyka. Yeah. And he gets his attention. Does he reach out? He she just knocks on my door one day and she said you have to go do his pirate show. Oh, okay. Are you in that pirate show?

I'm in it. Okay. And that's from being in a contest? Yeah.

She's like, you've like said, you can be in it. Australia is close enough to New Zealand. Oh, interesting. So I'm on that. I get sent over here. I'm shipped back on one of the pirate ships. Yeah, which they shouldn't have done. Yeah, you should fly. Not in the show. Right. Oh, expensive. If they lose one of those pirate ships, the show's over. They're not real ships. They're like, you know, they're, you know, sections of ships for shooting. Oh, I see. So, but you put it all together like a Lego ship.

And it's a real ship. Exactly. That's exactly what I'm talking about. So it's not seaworthy. Right. Right. Right. It was a dangerous journey.

Yeah, I'm so sorry. But you're here now.

I made it. You made it here and you're in this show on the Peacock streaming service.

Oh, so first I was on the HBO Max show. Sure. And then I was like, great. Now I can go back to Australia, even though I did get stung by a B on the Warner Brothers lot. You got stung by a B.

And don't worry. I mean, you should worry. I'm allergic.

You're allergic to be my girl style.

Yeah. That's a spoiler. I haven't seen that. Well, someone's allergic in that doesn't mean anything happens to do with how many people in any movie do you think are allergic to bees?

Like they never talk about it all that much unless it comes up in the plot. Three of the characters are usually allergic to usually like three of the three of the above the line. I always notice as someone who is allergic because you know, because you get there's usually a B.C.

There's usually a scene where a bee travels through and you see someone go, whoo exactly the people you look a little nervous, but they don't want to cause like, they don't want to break character necessarily, but then you can feel the wheels turning. You can see the wheels turning. They're like, is my character allergic to bees too?

Am I exactly. But they've done all this research, but that's the one question that they never asked themselves. Exactly. But so but I can see and I go that one.

Yeah. There's a specific scene in Suicide Squad where Jared Leto, Joker, Joker, his self, sees a bee and he goes, oh no.

And but I think the Joker's allergic to bees and Jared Leto isn't. Yes. That's how much of a genius he is. He's an amazing actor in that way. He's incredible. Yeah. He just disappears into the role. Me too though. He was he was sending bullets to cast members dipped in pigs. Oh yeah, right?

And like used condoms. Yeah, used by him too. Yeah, that's cool. I would sell one of those on eBay so quick. I did that. I did that a lot on the pirate show. Oh really? Yeah, it's such a lot of these condoms to the cast. Who's condoms we're using?

Not mine. Real. Okay, where do you where do you find these things in the park? Yeah, in the park. Yeah. Yeah. Near the pond.

Yeah. A lot of people having sex by ponds. Well, it's romantic. It is very romantic, but it's a little better than I like. Yes, but it sort of creates a mist as you know, a foggy. It's very foggy bottom. You can go. It's a foggy bottom. You can go in a little boat. That's nice. It is.

I've never I don't think I've ever and I want to put this as delicately as possible because you're a female guest, but I don't think I've ever fucked the shit out of anyone on a boat.

Right. Yeah. Are you sure? Think about it though. I don't think so. Really go through your past.

Okay. Let's see. I took a boat to Catalita. That was like an hour and a half. So you could have time. Oh, I go longer. It's a long time. You put it in.

You leave it in. Yeah. Just leave it.

Yeah. Still. Set it and forget it. That's my motto. Leave it there. Walk away. For at least two hours.

Yeah. Just let it sit. Let it simmer. Yeah. Oh, yeah. Let it sit. Yeah. At two hours. Yeah.

That's I think the only time I've ever been on a boat. That's the only time. Yeah. Once two Catalina and then I stayed there and then I walked back. How long did you stay in Catalina?

I was like, is there not another boat coming? Yeah. And it was crazy. Yeah. They stopped having boats after a while. There's not much to do in Catalina. No, that's what they all the boats were coming back. They're like, everyone get out of Catalina.

There's nothing to do. Yeah. And then they sent one last boat over there for anyone who lived there. That was the one I got on.

There's what do you call those people? Not townies. Locals.

Yeah, exactly. That's what you call them.

Yeah. So I became a local. Wow. What are locals even do?

They just run like the...

It's about a three mile circumference. I've been there. You have? What were you doing there?

I shot the finale of the Netflix show Love There. Oh, that's right. I saw that. I'd spent like three nights there. Three entire nights. Too long. Yeah.

Too too long. One night. That's the perfect amount of cattle. I think less. You don't need to stay over. What's the point?

But you're sleeping during most of that. So what do you care? You could sleep anywhere.

And you wouldn't know. Well, I didn't know. Do you know where you are every time you sleep?

No, I also wake up and go, where am I? Because I'm a global traveler.

Yeah, that's right. Famous actress. Famous, famous actress.

Big name. Have we told the entirety of your story? No. Absolutely not. How much more is there to it? Not much. No. So, you know, I was excited. I get to come back to Australia. And then she said I had to go to New Orleans to make peacocks killing it. She said I'd won the competition though. Oh my god. And then how did you get on this show? Oh, I got an email from my mom. She said, come to Scott's house at 2p. She's mad because I had no idea you were going to be here. I was... I mean, I admit you're... It's almost like you're an old friend now. But... Yeah. But... And it is an open door policy. What stops me from being an old friend?

I don't know. I mean, I don't know that we're necessarily friends as much as we are.

We're podcast friends. Podcast friends. Like we're friendly on the podcast and then the minute it ends, it's like... Well, I need more friends because when I went back to Australia, I neglected all my American relationships. Oh, yeah. I didn't text a single person. What about your Australian relationships that you thought you were too good for once you did? Yeah, they had to really weaken. My god, the people I went to school with, I thought I'd... Yeah, I'm never going to talk to you. Yeah, double burden them on the flight out. Yeah, see you later, suckers. That's what I said.

You would just watch a 40s gangster movie. That's right. So it was on your mind.

So I came crawling back. Yeah, on those getaway sticks.

Yeah. I said, please, yeah.

On my gams? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And then they let me back with open arms because I'm likeable.

You really are. That's the one thing. A lot of podcasts. I really wonder what the Obama Springsteen podcast, what they would do if you just wandered in and started talking on the mic.

But I've been pretty chill about it. Yes. I think Springsteen would be like, Hey, little girl, why you... Is your daddy home? He is home in Australia. A lot of people don't know like that song was just him trying to hit on 14 year old girls. How old was he?

Hey little girl, is your daddy home? Hey, this could be a song, man. How old was he when he wrote it? If he was 14, that's kind of okay. Yeah, he was 14 at the time. Well, that's great. Good for hit the bus. I said it like it was something that he should be judged for. No, he should.

No, when you're 14, hit on all the 14 year olds you want.

Oh, for it. 14 year olds are open slather for you. You only got four more years that you can do it.

So get them all really full. Yeah, well, I mean, depending. Depends which state you're in surely.

Yeah, that's true. Now, the aforementioned New Orleans, I think they do things differently there, right? Yes, you know, you've got catfish, etc. Yeah. A toupee. Yeah, did you get catfished when you were in New Orleans? I catfish people myself. Yeah, it's weird house. I mean, New Orleans is the catfish capital of the world, where they're just like guys are out there pretending to be women and vice versa. It's just so crazy.

I like to reverse catfish people. Yeah, where you actually send your real info and they go, this has got to be a catfish. Exactly. Because no one can be this irritating. No, no, charming, like, oh, I see. Oh, sweet. I got it. And they just think there's no way. And then I just shock them.

Right. I shock her. Yeah, I shock them. I show up. I have dinner with them wine and dying, but 69 as well. Yeah, absolutely. Well, if you're going to wine and die, you got a 69.

Because otherwise people like something's going on here. I mean, I've done two things and then I was going to skip over the next 66 of the you wouldn't want to have to be a meal. That's true.

Yeah. That can be 69. Yeah. I like to be nice and light for a 69. Yeah. I like to do it like to wine 69 and I. Yes. Wine to loosen you up. Exactly. This is a great order. I think it's the 69. Exactly. Because then you've got something to talk about as well over the meal. Let's give them something to talk about. Is that funny rate with Elastica?

It is. It's John Rates' daughter.

And who's that? John Rates was the lead he played curly in Oklahoma. Oh, wow. Yeah. That is a that's a total wow. Is that true? It is very true. Gosh, like, I mean, lucky, you know, the machine didn't beep. Yep. I have. By the way, you have heard no beeping and no drilling. I think they've knocked it off. We picked a good time, right? My lie detector guy spoke to them. Oh, really?

Did you threaten them or what? What? What? What? I just respectfully asked them to pour. Just gave them that snarl. Because they're making a really important podcast. Yes. Well, this is the final one of our 13 years. The 13th year. Yeah.

Exactly. And some change a lot in that time for you. They really have. I mean, you I mean, you've been on for what? Six years or so? Like, maybe about half the golden years. The golden years of the show. Yeah. Well, Claudia, it's so great to have you on. People should watch that one show and then that other show. You came to the big premiere event. I did come to killing it. I didn't talk to me at the party. That's not true. You talked to me a little bit, but you could have talked to me a lot more. I always assume people want less. You got shy because you'd stayed in my performance. Yeah. It was so good that I was just like, I can't. This is I'm too nervous. I can't make eye contact. What if she uses some of my nervous energy in her next performance and everyone goes, Oh, she's doing it in pressure.

It's got a argument. Yeah. People have said that. That's already the Hollywood reporter.

And really you came out really said she's obviously doing an impression doing an ockerman. Oh, I hate to hear this. Who the wind's picking up? Wow. What do you think about this? I hate wind.

Wind is probably OK. Let's let's take Earth, Wind and Fire.

OK. Earth. It's great. Don't hurt.

We stand on it all day. I don't even. I don't even. I don't even care. Yeah. I was at Lala Palooza 99. I was like, put more of this on me. Yeah, you liked it. I loved it. Were you rolling around in it? I loved it. I could do it to Fred Durst singing break stuff. Oh, I was into it.

Can you sing that some of that now? Break stuff.

Hydraulics in every song. Well, they're building stuff for him to break.

Right. That's a big long thing. Beautiful. Claudia, I feel like we're running out of time in the segment. Well, how do you feel about that? I mean, you're sure, but we didn't even talk about water or fire. Oh, yeah. Fire. I mean, I don't like fire, but I like the warmth of the sun.

And with that. Yeah, without that great big fireball in the sky, I think we'd be pretty uncomfortable. Exactly. We'd now have no vitamin without the earth. We would just fall through space.

So we'd be hurtling through wind. Who the fuck needs it? It's so annoying. It's it is definitely without chill. I agree. Well, Claudia, Adoriti is here. She's back on the show. This is very exciting to have. I am thrilled to be here. We have a big show today. We have an athlete.

Do you date athletes? I've never dated an athlete, but I never say never. Yeah, you should, man.

They got great bodies, usually. The world. I mean, and also great heart health, cardio.

Yeah, they're not going to die on you unless like for CTE reasons. Yeah, CTE is a big problem.

Yeah, but usually if they're an athlete, like a bicyclist or, you know, is this athlete a football player? He is. Yes. Okay. So he's got CTE bad. Oh, yeah, I believe he does. Yeah, we talked to him a few times in the little brains. We also have a couple of film reviewers. And have you ever been in a film? I can't remember. I've been in tons. Really? Tons the spelled the Australian way?

Yeah. With an E? Yeah. Wow. T-O-N-N-E-S. Amazing. Yeah, tons of movies. Okay, great. Yeah, I said been in, not been to. Yeah. Oh, okay. Great. Yeah, I've been in like three or four or something like that. That's not tons. Like 2000 would be tons. How many of you mean me?

Well, let's see. There's a little thing called Austin Powers Gold member that maybe. What do you do in that? Young Michael Kane, I do believe. You play a young Michael. Let me turn around.

You can see my back and maybe you'll recognize that. But I'm also in a little thing called the Sparks Brothers. Oh, yeah. Okay. I haven't seen that. And maybe something coming up. We don't know.

Oh, wow. You do have the air about you. Movie star? Yeah, big job. Yeah, big friends about to see my big job. Yeah, big J. Big job energy. Big job energy.

Big jack off energy as well.

Look, we have to take a break. When we come back, we're going to be talking to this really interesting football player. With bad CTE. With bad CTE. We also have a couple of film reviewers. We have Claudia O'Dorney here. She's not here every day, people. No, and I'm not coming back. Never. This is her final episode. This is it. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this. Comedy bang bang. We're here with Claudia O'Dorney of NBC Universal.

That's who signs her checks. Yeah. Do you ever go to the bank to cash him right there on the universal lot? Oh, that's a thrill. Do you get it? No, although I will say my wife cool up. I don't know if you know her, but she she she got a check from the office when she was on the office. Oh, great. And she went to the bank on universal and the the teller was like the office. What is this?

She's like, oh, it's a show. She's a show where on NBC, who's in it? Steve Carell. She's like, the person from 40 Old Virgin has a TV show on NBC. Oh my God. It was interesting. That's crazy.

He was pretty deep into the show. But now also it's just like a huge part of the culture.

Yeah. You ever think you'll do anything like that?

But create a show or just be even be in a show that's I mean one called the office Craig Robinson for the office. I mean one that's going to like we're going to be talking about it. I think this one will do it. This will be it. I and I'm announcing a second season here. Oh, congratulations. No, we haven't got one yet, but I wish I was. Yeah. I think that would be great. Are there still snakes to kill in this show? I think we would move away from snakes in the second season. My eye of C executive will never watch the show, by the way. Too scared of snakes. They were very afraid of snakes and in fact made us cut any snake that was ever in a sketch. Wow. Cut it open. No, no cut it from the sketch. Right. How many snake sketches did you have? Well, we only had a few, but after that I sent a five page script called attack of the snakes where it was just snakes popping out and they're like, you cannot do this. Too scary. Too scary.

Speaking of scary, we have to get to our next guest. He is a football player. I believe he played for the Buffalo Bills and before that, he played for USC where he won a little trophy that looks like this. Claudia, what am I doing with my body right now? You are sort of like humping the air. Oh, no, no, no. That was before the show.

I'm sticking on my hand to block a someone who's trying to tackle me. It's a high.

Heisman. Yeah, the Heisman maneuver. The Heisman maneuver.

Yes, exactly. And I'm choking as well.

And that was then he started the naked gun series and after that, I kind of lost track of him. But please welcome back to the show. OJ Simpson. Oh, wow. Hey, comedy, bang, bang, world is me. You're truly. Hey, OJ. You know, I Scott, we've lived as neighbors this long and I didn't know that this is where you live. You're my neighbor.

I'm sorry to be making so much noise.

I'm building a memorabilia case in my house. You've been building this memorabilia. Wait, is this no, there's a helicopter. Making a drop. What's this all about? Scott, don't you make any sudden moves? Oh, my God. Don't you make any fucking sudden moves?

Oh, hey, you brought out a gun.

Oh, J, this is you. You just sit and you don't move. I don't want you signaling anything to that helicopter. This is not you, OJ. You're not you. You're not this guy. I mean, yes, you had guns, you know, when you portrayed Nordberg in the Naked Gun series, I lost track of you.

That was a military helicopter. Military helicopter. That's not covered anywhere.

With this thing. I use it as a hammer. You know, I turn it around and I'm just building.

I hope the noise is not bothering you. Would you use the helicopter as a hammer? No, no, this gun. You could get a hammer though. That would be less likely to, you know, accidentally shoot.

You are hilarious. I love you on television, all your movies. Thank you.

You think in Kong, if he picked up one of those helicopters, he started like using it as a hammer on the Empire State building, he could just like go bonk, bonk, bonk and just hammer it right into the ground. Hammer right down to the ground like a nail. I'd love to see that. I'm telling you, Scott, you know, when I was a kid, we used to go to the movies and they were just a nickel to get in.

Really? That must have been a long time. A long time ago in San Francisco. That's where I'm from.

That's right. We would go to the movies and we'd sit outside and ask me, you didn't have any money to get inside. Sit outside. Yeah, we'd sit outside. So it was a nickel to sit outside. And I was a nickel to get in, but we didn't have any money. Oh, right. And so we'd all, one person would take a nickel and then we'd all run in.

You just need to work that way.

It's just like you overpowered them. We overpowered them.

And that's how I knew I had a thing for football. Yeah, because you were blocking the defender like football. Yeah, I always loved it.

When did you know you wanted to get into show business, though?

You know, Claudia, I thought I wanted to get in the show business around the beginning of my football career. You see, I mean, there was that commercial where you jumped over suitcases.

Yes. That was a Hertz, Hertz rental car. Yeah. You ever say Hertz to anyone else?

Hertz, don't it?

Hey, Scott, you ever had a Hertz, don't it? I don't want one. Thank you.

Especially from you, OJ. Just, I mean, to the fact you're a big guy and I think it would actually hurt.

Scott, I cannot believe we are neighbors. I do. I did not know we were neighbors here.

We share a picket fence. Oh, well, I've been hearing weird noises going on.

I mean, like what? Screens? Yeah, what have you heard, Scott?

Why would you say screams? I mean, I've just heard.

I'm just thinking of random noises. It's a hawk. Yeah.

Get into the tree. Hey, go on a second.

Pah! Hey, hey, hey, don't shoot at the hawks. God, it's dead.

Oh my God. That feels, I think that's an endangered one.

Yeah, that's an endangered speech. It's an endangered one.

I'll just say this. There it is. There it is. There it is.

OJ, what's been going on? I mean, you haven't been on the show in about a year or so. I mean, a year in OJ's life, look, I stopped paying attention to you in around like 1992, 1990s, history. You know, Scott, I have been being real safe the past year. Good.

Because, you know, I'm older now. I don't have the, I'm in a compromised age wise, you know?

I guess you mean you've aged the amount of time since it's been the last time I saw you.

Yes, yes. I've aged about 27 years and, you know, COVID is real, Scott.

Thank you, OJ. Yes. I refuse to get vaccinated. Oh, why is that?

You know, I just don't want people sticking me with stuff.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, that could be a real violation. Yeah. I don't want to be, I don't want the government telling me what I got to get stuck with. If anybody's going to be sticking, anything's going to be me.

The thought of having like a sharp thing coming towards my body.

Oh, yeah. It's crazy, right? And over and over again, because you've got to get the second round.

Yeah, so many. So many. So many. And especially because you're older.

I'm older. Yeah. Three rounds. And they're telling me.

Here, I got into it. I got into it. What? Scott, don't make it. He said, moves. Bloody. You said right there in that chair. I just, okay. Don't you move.

And don't need any of these cookies. Okay. I think that I think it's moved on. Yeah.

Scott, you know, it's probably just an ambulance. I Scott, you see that movie that just came out called Amblab or bees? Are you pronouncing it differently or am I? Amblab.

Oh, black, Betty. Amblab.

Anytime that show comes on or that a trailer for it, I think of you. Maybe not you, just maybe a friend.

Oh, black, I think. Scott, I have to tell you. You got to cut. You got to let me use this pool, Scott. You know, my doctor said, because I'm getting older now, I have to do laps in the pool in the morning, you know, like this real thing and citizen, which is crazy to say that about myself, because I've always been so young and spry.

Well, there are a lot of people thought you would never get to be this age. You know, I've heard people saying like, Oh, OJ, you know, he's going to die of some sort of lethal injection or something like that. They must have been talking about the vaccine. So they had to be talking about the vaccine. Pfizer, Moderna, Johnson and Johnson lethal injection. You know, the only thing I use Johnson and Johnson for is baby powder.

Mm hmm. And you know, when you put baby powder on your hands before you do certain things, gymnastics. Yes, gymnastics, things like that. It prevents your fingerprints from showing.

Interesting. Wait, you mean that? Wow. I'll the internet.

Oh, wow. Oh, well.

Mail. Well, yeah. Boy. You got mail.

To say, I'm just saying. I'm just saying. Take care. Boy, that movie you've got mail, if it was titled, I'm just saying, is that the black version of you've got?

I'm not black. I'm old. J. Well, that's right. What do you think about JZ song?

Oh, you know, I'm honored, honestly. JZ is one of the best rappers of our generation.

And our generation or his generation. All of our generation.

I think it's our generation as long as we're still alive. You know what I mean? I don't think that those are the rules. When is our generation? I don't. This generation. I think your generation, there weren't any rappers.

No, there were no rappers. Well, that was a big meat market.

Here come the judge. I think even like cool modi and the ultra magnetic M.

Seasonal that that was a little past. That was later. I was that I was had been retired then.

I was married to my second wife at that point. And your second wife, what's she up to?

Oh, you know, she's not around anymore. Scott. Oh, I'm sorry. You're yours. You're on the show about snakes, huh? Yeah. It's a great show. It's on peacock.

Peacock. Yeah. NBC affiliate.

That's right. It's the most premier platform. Have you been watching Belair?

Oh, have I ever? It's a serious version of the Fresh Prince of Belair. Yeah. Sort of like, we saw a serious version of him recently as well. Yes, we did. Very interesting reboot of his career.

I had some thoughts on that. Really? What are they? I've been through a few things in my life.

I don't know if y'all know. And I mean, I know I know I haven't heard much from you since the naked gun. Yeah. Careers are like that. We're, you know, you're on top for a while. Yeah. Right now.

Like my mom's top. Yeah. Sometimes comedians get a little bit too personal.

And you know, I will say in the 1990s, some comedians like Norm McDonald may he rest in peace.

And a lot of bad things to say about me. And I tell you, there were a few times I definitely wanted to have an open hand on his face. Oh, well, hey, when you can't do that. But you won.

I won. I won. He did. Outlived. Wait, would he rather be you or him at this point? I think he rather be me. Yeah. And you're having a nice time lately. I saw a TikTok of you recently getting woken up by your daughters and her friends or something like that. Oh, my daughter wasn't. Or just randos. Yeah. It wasn't my daughter's. I tell you, I'm just saying. But I did. Yes, I was getting woken up. We were having so I've been keeping it safe. So that's my coat. But you, but you were saying the Chris rocks and the Norm McDonalds, why can't why can't comedians be nice like Jay Leno? Jay Leno? You know, Jay Leno never said anything super negative about me.

You know, he had a couple, you know, when you're in the public guy, there's always going to be some quips about you. Yeah. Some people just, you know, go a little bit too hard and I've been through some trying times in my life. I'm so sorry. I don't think I really deserved all of that hate, you know, but again, Jay Leno's alive. So at this point, it's a tie. It's a tie. We'll see who wins. We'll see who lives longer. And it's not at what age you live to be either. It's literally who lives longer. So it's like the luckiest person is going to be the last baby born who's the last person alive on her. The last person to the last baby. As soon as that baby comes out, the media is going to hit and that baby's going to be able to say, again, but I would rather, I would rather be myself than any person who lived to be 106 or whatever who died because I'm alive right now.

Exactly. You know, I saw a man on TikTok the other day.

This is actually real.

This man was so old. He was great. And he looked like a skeleton. Like you see in the video?

I haven't, but the blood leaves the body, doesn't it? And that's when people start to go.

Sanguination. Yeah. Sanguination. Nation. He was so old. He was playing with that. What I would assume would be his, you know, great, great, great, great, great, great, hopefully related.

Yes, hopefully related. And he was tapping on the kids and I was like, that has to be a machine.

The man has to be like a Halloween decoration. Yeah.

You ever go to one of those Halloween, by the way, very scary times. Very scary.

Yeah. A lot of people running around with knives and everybody running around with knives and dressed up as Spider-Man and things. And the kids walk by my house and I hand out the nice orange and black candies. Right. Yeah. The, you know, the, the, uh, I don't know.

I mean, I'm like peanut butter, peanut butter cups. No, they're not peanut butter cups.

Now the outside of a Reese's packaging is orange and black.

Is orange and black correct?

Right. But those are too expensive. It's not the yellow and black attack because that was the band Striper. What did they say? They'd say to hell with the devil. I believe they're a Christian, heavy metal band. Ah, I like my favorite Christian song is by Faith No More.

Sweet dreams you can't resist. N-E-S-T-L-E-S.

Were they talking about the Nintendo NES or wait, no, what is the NES?

Nestle white chocolate. Nestle Alpond white. You remember that?

I do. So, but, but Halloween's so scary. Uh, I can only imagine that.

Scary is it. Thank you. I only imagine people have dressed up as you for Halloween.

Me. I'd be honored. I'd be flatter.

I'd be football. Uh, yes. Like a person who plays football.

Yeah. Is that why y'all say it over there? I love you guys's language.

Thank you. Footballer.

But for, but anyone ever scare you like people get scared on Halloween? Like, ever go to those Halloween mazes where people jump out of you with a knife.

Oh, yes. Yes. I tell you, I went to a corn maze one time. I was in Iowa and I went to a corn maze and I walk in and all these people start running and I said, oh, which way am I going to go?

They thought you were part of the maze.

Oh, maybe instead of you.

Well, no, I couldn't have been. Oh, why would they be coming to your spot?

You're famous. Yeah, why would they be?

Maybe they're running to get their autograph books. Yeah.

It has to be nerves around famous people. I think I'm just a footballer.

As you say, Claudia. I'm just saying. You are just saying.

Take care. Yes.

But, uh, yeah, that can, that can be so scary when someone jumps out at you and and it's awful.

It's awful. Awful when somebody jumps out at you.

Right. Yeah. It's got, do you like it? Do you know what's really bad?

Well, please. When someone chips your head off. That's pretty bad.

Unless you're a war. If you're an earthworm, you're like, I'm just going to now I got a twin.

No, no problem.

No, I got a problem. Yeah. What do I do with this? Yeah, exactly.

Is that how Norma Donald went?

Yeah, his head was chopped off by Al-Qaeda.

By Al-Qaeda.

For one of their videos.

I was very proud of the voice.

We need a guest star for this video.

Close that.

I was very proud of the way George Bush handled that whole situation.

Really? It made me proud to be an American, honestly.

So proud. I decided I wanted to take back some things myself.

Oh, really? No, take back what?

Sunday. Okay. Great.

The night. Yeah, take back the night.

Great doesn't differ like so.

That was your idea?

Yeah, I wrote that for JT.

Oh, wow.

He came to me. He said, oh, J, it's JT.

I need a song.

Oh, so you were a ghost writer. Do you believe in ghosts?

I do believe in ghosts. I ain't afraid of no ghosts.

Are you ever haunted by any ghost?

Like anyone close to you ever die?

Yes. You know, I got to be honest with you, Scott.

Somebody really close to me passed away.

No.

They do visit me sometimes.

Really?

Sweet mother.

Oh, okay.

Sweet mother.

And she'll come to me in dreams.

And as a matter of fact, that video that you referenced, Claudia.

Yes.

Of me being woken up by...

Stostle the lake.

By my COVID pod.

Yeah.

Some nice 23-year-old white ladies.

And I...

I truly don't know what your COVID pod was.

Go with them.

Those are my friends.

They're my friends.

You know, I don't like being alone at the house, you know?

And ever since I was released from prison, I have been alone in my house.

Ever since what now?

I was released from prison.

Oh, yes. I went to jail.

Oh, we talked about this.

Oh, we did.

I can't go to prison.

I served my time.

Why?

Oh, you got into an argument.

I got into an argument that was a time where...

Uh-huh.

It wasn't for murdering anyone or anything.

No, no, no, no, no.

Okay.

I had a few, two many scotch and sodas.

I like it.

Good day in Minnesota.

We all...

Who hasn't had that happen, you know?

I'll have seven sometimes and I'll be like, should I have the eighth?

Yeah, I don't have the eighth.

Yeah, no stick to...

That's right.

I had the eighth.

Oh, honestly.

I had the eighth.

Usually I have the eighth of something else.

Okay.

I'm just saying.

I don't know what you mean.

You take it.

I take it.

We all take it.

I'll take it.

You know...

What's that, O.J.?

So...

Are you at juice?

That night, I'm trying to duck bloody while I went to prison.

I want to know.

I was going through some financial troubles for some lost sometime going into the U.S.

Yeah, I've done it.

And these guys were in my neighborhood and they were selling off memorabilia, my things, you know, on jerseys of mine.

They were selling your possessions.

Well, I got to say, so far, so good.

I don't see the problem.

Yeah.

I wouldn't arrest you for that.

For someone selling your stuff.

Yeah.

I went to go talk to them nicely.

Oh, great.

And I said, I love my things back.

Oh, they stolen them from me.

They had taken them from me.

Okay.

And this sounds fine.

And they were very unkind to me when I went and visited.

Oh, no.

Oh, that's awful.

You know, I called up a few friends of mine.

And we went over and we took matters into our own hands.

Okay, well, this is exactly...

See me, my dad, exactly.

We went over and took some guns and we tried to get my stuff back.

You were hammering the doors.

I was hoping to take guns.

Hammering the doors open with the guns.

We were only using them as hammers to get through the hotel.

Oh, that's understandable.

That's really understandable.

Especially in certain states like Open Carry States.

You can hammer with guns all the time.

Yeah.

You know what?

That's the thing.

What happens in Vegas stays in Vegas.

Exactly.

And then suddenly they lock you up for this.

And they've got that gun to hammer law there as well.

Yeah.

Sentages me to 33 years in prison for that.

For that?

That couldn't help but they don't have something else.

But...

That's my memorabilia case.

I was a gun.

You got it all back.

I got it all back.

Fantastic.

What do you need the case now to put it back?

I need the case to put it up.

Put it up to display it proudly.

Yeah.

So whenever Scott comes over, Scott, he's going to come over for dinner.

He's already agreed to before the show.

What do you guys have for dinner?

Spaghetti and red sauce.

Delicious.

They're like a nice bloody steak.

A nice bloody steak.

Yeah.

Classic guy stuff.

Just guy with cigarettes.

Yeah.

Just what guy is what it is.

Yeah.

Nice guy stuff.

Interesting.

Also, I'm on a Cato dialect.

A Cato dialect.

You on a Cato dialect?

A Cato dialect.

A Cato Kaitlyn dialect.

I don't know who that is but...

I think he invented the Cato dialect.

Sweet boy.

He used to live behind me in the back house.

Really?

He was your neighbor.

You see the back house here?

Oh yeah.

It's beautiful.

That's Cato's house.

You got another house with the back house?

And a locato moving.

So I was next to the cate.

The cate back together.

I don't know what he's famous from but I love him on show books.

He's a really good actor.

Yeah.

There's a few under fives over the years.

Yeah.

I think I saw him on one of those Sharknado films.

Yeah.

He's amazing in Sharknado.

Sharknado.

I'm trying to say like...

I love you guys as a language.

Well, O.J., this is incredible to have you back.

I didn't know we were neighbors until you pop by for the show.

So I'm really excited to be living next door to you.

I'm happy to be here Scott.

You're welcome in anytime.

I'm still with my COVID bond.

I'm with five 23 year old white ladies.

Yeah.

Do you need me to...

When I come over to do I need to wear like booties or gloves or anything like that?

No.

No gloves.

You don't need to wear any gloves.

I'll wear the gloves.

As long as you're wearing gloves.

I don't need gloves.

Because I'm the only one.

You know I'm protecting.

I'm the one that's in danger of getting this coat and COVID is real.

Right.

Yeah.

I knew gloves fit you.

They fit now.

Okay.

Great.

Congratulations.

Okay.

Shout out to ISO Tony.

This episode of Comedy Bang Bang is brought to you by ISO Tony.

Oh, they're going to be so happy to be after testing on this show.

Well, let's choose.

We got to take a break.

Is that okay?

That's fine.

We have a couple of film reviewers.

Maybe they're going to review the naked gun films.

That'd be lovely.

Oh my gosh.

In whatever you're in, Claudia.

That would be incredible.

Yeah.

I hope so.

All right.

We're going to be right back.

We're going to have more from OJ.

More from Claudia.

More Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back.

Claudia Adoriti from Killing Time.

Killing it.

Not Killing Eve.

Not Killing Time.

Not Killing Zoe.

Was that a movie?

Yeah, it should be.

None of them.

None of those.

Don't watch any of those.

Killing it.

And if you have watched any of those, it counts.

Forget about it.

But it counts towards watching your thing, though, right?

Well, you know, you will go in knowing the universe of the show.

Right.

Yep.

Or they are all connected.

And they're all set on Planet Earth.

Right.

Got it.

Okay.

Amazing.

We also have the juice.

We have OJ Simpson.

I'm here.

I'm queer.

Get used to it.

You are.

You're finally coming out.

I'm coming out.

That's why you've got so many things.

Come on.

I want the world to know.

I've got to let it show.

Earth-winter fire juice.

Got to ask you.

Oh, yeah.

Earth, wind, or fire?

Which one could you do without?

You can only pick two.

Get rid of one.

And it can't be Nicole.

Has to be.

Who?

No one.

I get rid of fire.

You get rid of fire.

No, because then I have to eat my food cold.

I get rid of Earth.

Yeah.

That's pretty sensible.

We did get into it after Earth.

Well, what if it figure out what's after Earth?

What if it was pavement?

Like, we got rid of the Earth, but then we just paved paradise and put up a pipe.

Paved paradise.

You know, I live, I have a house in Vegas that I just- If I were you, I would never want to go back there again.

Well, I had, it's got to, unfortunately, I had to stay there for.

Yeah, I would like me like, I've spent too much time.

This is why, now that I'm finally off of that situation, that's why I moved it next to you.

Oh, good.

Great.

Yeah.

Fantastic.

And I'm going to be sawing for another, probably six or seven months.

Oh, great.

Okay, no problem.

That sounds like me watching a great film franchise.

Six or seven months?

No, saw, but I'm trying to do a segue to our next guest.

They are film reviewers.

They are, in fact, letter boxes.

Top reviewers, please welcome Kelvin and Travis.

Hello.

Thanks for having us.

Hey, guys.

What's up, I'm Travis.

This is Kelvin.

I'm Kelvin.

How's it going?

Kelvin and Travis.

What's great about this is you are sitting left to right for me.

So, and I know you as Kelvin and Travis.

So I know to say Kelvin to you and Travis to you.

That's wonderful.

It is wonderful.

It's wonderful.

Yeah.

How are you guys?

So, explain for those of us like Claudia perhaps.

Yeah, I've never met you.

What's going on?

Well, I guess I, you don't have to say what's going on, necessarily.

I was, I was trying to get more specific.

I was going to try to drill down to like, what is Letterbox?

Yeah, what's Letterbox?

It's a town in Ireland, isn't it?

No, Letterbox is letter Kenny is what I believe what you're thinking.

Okay.

Yeah.

Which is that the show you?

They killed Kenny.

Letter they killed Kenny.

Letterbox is kind of this awesome film review site where just anybody can post their movie reviews.

And it's a great way to learn about new movies and talk about movies.

That's interesting because I always thought that what's great about movie reviews is they usually pick like professional people who are smart to write them.

But Letterbox now anyone can write them.

Is that?

Well, yeah.

Exactly.

We're kind of professionals in our own rights.

Oh, okay.

Do you guys get paid?

Nope.

No.

Oh, okay.

But we do this a lot?

Yeah, for the love of the movies.

Oh, okay.

For the love of the, I guess the art form known as film.

Exactly.

Oh, okay.

Personally, for me, I love all things A24.

Oh, that's cool.

I made them with A24 movies.

Great.

So edgy.

The best way I could describe a typical A24 movie is kind of like if Radiohead was real.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

Yeah.

And that real meaning, I don't know what you mean.

Well, it just means exactly what it means.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

You're the first person to not understand that.

So it's interesting.

Kind of on you.

I mean, they are kind of real.

Just kind of spooky and confusing.

I mean, I saw them a few times.

Anyway, what other types of films do you like?

I don't really like A24 movies.

I think that's Pussy hipster shit.

Mm-hmm.

You know, when I want to watch a movie, I like to just pop on a DVD of the butterfly effect, light up a joint of extremely brown weed, and let my mind go for a ride.

The butterfly effect, that was Ashton Kutcher.

Is that right?

Mm-hmm.

Cucucicoo.

I love that.

You think he says that to his babies, or his babies say that to him?

I think his babies' amila Kunis says it to him.

Yeah.

I almost said Mia Kirschner.

But that's someone different.

That's dead wrong.

Yeah.

That's so rare.

I almost said Mia Copa.

I almost said Francis Ford Copa.

Oh, it's a Nick Ricks Copa.

If Ashton Kutcher was married to Francis Ford Copa, the movies that would come out of that, guys, you're film fans.

A Cucucula.

A Cucula Copa.

That's a less situation.

I don't know who Francis Ford Copa is, but I love Ashton Kutcher.

He's my favorite actor.

Oh, really?

Okay.

What other kinds of stuff?

I mean, you guys have been, you don't get to be top reviewers without reviewing a lot of movies, right?

No, and we actually wanted to stop by to share with you guys some of our favorite letterbox reviews that we've written.

Oh, okay.

Does it get a sense of, you know, the kinds of movies that we love, and that we want the world to know about?

Are you a team like Siskel and Ebert, or have you ever met before?

We never met before today.

No.

Yeah.

Have you seen each other on the website?

Yeah, we're kind of constantly competing to be the top reviewer.

You're aware of each other.

There's tension there.

Yeah.

Well, a lot like Siskel and Ebert themselves.

The titular Siskel and Ebert.

I know.

Yeah.

Mass double suicide.

Yeah.

Murder suicide is crazy.

Devastating.

They each murdered each other, and then each committed suicide.

Yeah.

It was crazy.

It was hard.

It was hard fucking core.

But they finished each other off for themselves.

Yeah.

They jerked each other off.

Is that what you're saying?

Yeah.

Anyway, Kelvin and I forget Travis.

Travis.

Yeah.

Kelvin Travis hit us with these great letterbox reviews.

OK.

These are our top ones.

This is my letterbox review of Inception.

Great film.

Inception is like if a cube made a movie.

It's like if the rabbit from Donnie Darko directed an episode of Mythbusters.

Inception is absolutely the greatest movie anyone has ever made.

I must clarify though that I have only seen five other movies all the way through, and one of them is four episodes of California Cation back to back.

So is this early in your film career?

Nope.

His most recent review.

Oh, OK.

Interesting.

And Kelvin, what do you got?

Here is my review of Call Me By Your Name.

I really wanted to like this movie, but unfortunately Call Me By Your Name doesn't pass the Betstall Test.

For those who don't know, the Betstall Test was invented by Susan Betstall, the sexiest woman to ever like movies.

Both of the gay men in this movie should have been played by women, and instead of having gay sex with each other, they should have been talking about other women who aren't in the movie.

I hope the filmmakers are happy, because they made Susan Betstall's perfect 10-body spin in its grave.

I like how you're pronouncing it Betstall, by the way.

As opposed to Betstall.

That's how it's supposed to be pronounced, I believe.

Oh, really? Interesting.

Betstall's source.

You put it on top of a lasagna.

I saw that musical Fun Home, and it did not pass the test.

They always talk about the dad and like how sad he is.

And how cute he is.

And how gorgeous he is.

Yeah, how I...

He is gorgeous in that film.

Yeah, they want to date him.

Yeah, he's hot.

Do you guys have a picture of this woman?

I do.

Oh, yeah. Can you airdrop us?

Yeah, I'd love to.

Yeah, just airdrop us.

Maybe invite her to my COVID-19.

She's a beautiful woman.

How old is she?

23.

Oh, perfect.

Perfect.

23 ends.

Me.

OJ, I don't think you have airdrop on.

We're having trouble over here.

Oh, I don't have an airdrop.

Is that an iPhone thing?

Yeah.

Oh, I've got a Motorola chocolate.

OJ just likes to drop by unannounced usually.

Okay.

What else do we have?

This is my review of the Rugrats movie.

Hmm.

This movie proves that 90s Nickelodeon cartoons is the best shit of all time.

For real though, I am forever a 90s kid at heart.

Ha ha.

It makes me feel like a kid again.

Ha ha.

Whenever I watch Rugrats, I get mega flashbacks to watching it in the 90s.

Well, my mom's passed out from drinking fermented slim fast shakes.

Ha ha.

You're laughing a lot at your own review.

I love that though.

You know, I just typed down exactly what I'm thinking.

Right.

I just typed down the rims.

So you say this thing and you realize it's funny.

And then you say, ha ha.

Mm-hmm.

I say when I laugh, I say, ha ha ha.

You may have heard me one time earlier in the podcast.

Say that.

Only once.

It was a really bad ratio.

Oh my god.

I have to say.

Kelvin, you have another review?

I do.

This one is for Spider-Man No Way Home.

This movie was so awesome that it inspired me to try my own Spider-Man moves in my apartments.

But I accidentally knocked over my glass case full of welcome to Marwen Funko Pop Toys directly on top of my body, trapping me there.

I survived for 15 days, licking specks of litter off my cat, Nora Ephron's paws every time she walked on my face.

Great film though.

Excellent movie.

Well, that's what you're trying to say is it was good.

It was good.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm not quite sure I got that from that review.

It got me to like the taste of cat litter.

Oh, okay.

Well, that's an important step in you on this life.

Travis, what do you have?

This is my review of Diddy Kong Racing.

Now that's a video game.

Is it not?

Yeah, I'll explain in the review.

Oh, okay.

Here we go.

What do you got?

Letterbox doesn't let you review video games.

So I had to put this under something called the boy with the striped pajamas.

The boy with the striped pajamas is awesome.

You get to play as a monkey who flies a plane.

And if he gets enough bananas, he goes fast.

My favorite part of the boy with the striped pajamas was when I got the golden balloon in walrus cove.

Great.

I've never seen the boy with striped pajamas.

Have you OJ?

No, but I have seen the creature from the black lagoon.

That was one of the movies that me and my friends used to watch at the movie theater.

You ever go over to someone's house in so late at night that they'd answer the door in pajamas?

Yeah, I did that to you the other night.

Oh, that's true.

It was very scary.

I needed to borrow some sugar.

Bugger sugar for me and my Kobe product.

That's nice.

Kelvin, you're up.

The French dispatch.

I thought this movie was boring, but I'm going to give it five stars anyway because I saw it at Alamo draft house, which is basically my church.

If you're a 36 year old childless man who wears ill-fitting Bojack horseman graphic tees, this place is your playpen.

The best part about Alamo draft houses they personally serve you food and drinks like you're a dying blue ribbon hog.

My dream is to one day die here like an Egyptian pharaoh sealed inside a revival screening of Hocus Pocus.

Hocus Pocus is good.

Excellent movie.

I haven't seen it.

Unfortunately, yeah, that's not what I've seen.

No, Jay.

I've seen Hocus Pocus.

I love Hocus Pocus.

Me and Beth Miller used to have a thing in the 70s.

Really?

Yeah, she's still, she's still your friend?

You know, I haven't talked to her.

I still got a number saved right here in the chocolate.

Yeah, but I haven't talked to her in a long time.

I should probably check it.

You should probably check in with, tell you what, don't tell her you're coming.

Just pop by.

Show up.

Show up to see me.

She'll be startled.

Yeah, she definitely will.

That's a sign of a good scene, someone.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

You know, Alamo draft house has amazing case up.

They have a wonderful case up.

Look.

Travis, do you have another review here?

No, that's like our reviews.

Those are those are it and you're the top reviewers.

We are, yeah.

Those are those are like all the movies I've seen.

I've reviewed Inception a bunch more times.

Yeah, so you had Inception.

What was the other one you did?

Did he come racing?

I thought you had one more.

And I did.

You have to look it up on your phone.

I did the Rugrats movie.

Those are, I've seen those three movies and also Scary Movie 4.

Oh, Scary Movie 4.

Okay.

Interesting.

And then Kelvin.

Well, I've only seen the three movies I reviewed because they won't let me back inside of Alamo draft house to see any more movies.

Just because of this review or something else.

Well, because whenever I go in there, I ask them to tie me up and force feed me food and drinks until I get big enough for me to get trapped in there forever.

Oh, okay.

And they, do they start doing it or do they say immediately?

That's not the kind of request we can say.

They immediately say they can't fulfill it.

Okay.

And I get so mad that I leave.

Which part of it is the problem?

The tying up I would imagine they don't want to do.

I don't think they like any aspect of it.

The feeding you stuff.

They don't like the feeding.

Yeah, no, they don't like the feeding either.

Okay, interesting.

Well, do they feed you just queso or other things?

They feed me queso, buffalo chicken sliders, double IPAs.

Double.

Take care.

I know OJ likes double IPAs.

Love double IPAs and triple IPAs.

You know, I spent some time over in Belgium.

You did.

What were you doing there, OJ?

I was exploring and studying some things in the 1980s.

When I first retired from football, I retired from about 1979.

Wow.

Yeah.

You remember that year, Scott?

A little bit.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm only 29.

So I was born in 93.

So you remember a little bit.

I remember it from like, it was a year.

Like I know they didn't skip over it.

Yeah, no, no, they didn't skip over it.

No, not like some years.

I got a trivia question for everybody here.

Okay.

What's the longest year in history?

Oh, wow.

Oh, God.

God, that's a good one.

It's a good one.

Wasn't there a year that was like 538 days once?

Not that long.

Just a couple seconds longer.

It's because of the solstice or something, right?

It was because of the way they changed time.

It was 1972.

I was going to guess that.

Oh, how many days was?

365 and two seconds.

But summer.

Wow.

Summer 366 though.

Summer 366.

Summer 69.

No, no, not.

Don Hiddley.

I think 64 or 65.

Summer 69.

It's summer 69.

Brian Adams, first of all.

It's not Hiddley.

Well, Calvin and Travis, I'm a guest that you can become so popular on this site having seen so few movies.

I think our reviews just resonate with people.

Resonate.

They resonate with what I'm saying.

Our reviews resonate in a big way.

Like, movies are so big right now because people are turning on books, which I'm really excited about.

Yeah, no, they're finally throwing their books in the trash, especially in school libraries around the world.

Oh, yeah.

And they're saying like, let's just watch movies.

I've been trying to get that going for years.

I've been trying to, ever since I was 13, I got kicked out of a Barnes and Noble for having a paintball gun with me.

Oh, with you.

They wouldn't let me bring my paintball gun into Barnes and Noble.

And you were kicked out.

What did you want to do with your paintball gun?

I was just there for Spanish tutoring.

And afterwards, I had to go to a paint- You were tutoring someone or you were being tutored?

I was being tutored in Spanish.

My stepdad made me get tutored and afterwards, I was going to go to my buddies, like paintball birthday party.

Oh, okay.

So you weren't planning on using it during the tutoring.

No, I just needed to have it with me for afterwards.

Right.

Well, why couldn't you have left it in the car?

I didn't have a car.

I was 13.

I rode my dirt bike.

Oh, leave it in the bike.

The bike, my dirt bike.

Don't you have a holster on your bike?

Yeah, but then someone could take it.

He's right.

Padlocks.

He's right.

Put a bicycle chain around your paintball gun.

Why are you going off to him on this?

How could he...

I just need to give it to him.

Kids these days.

How old are you, by the way?

I'm 37.

Oh, okay.

I'm 51.

Oh, geez.

Hey, Travis, you ever go in the art section of Barnes & Nobles?

If you look in those books, you really see a lot of Baroque era boobies.

I didn't know that.

Bee-beys.

I thought it was just words in the books there.

I didn't know there was pictures like that.

Oh, yeah.

I heard a B-O-B-A-S.

B-O-B-A-S.

Don't fix it.

That's right, Glenn.

Claudia, that's why you won that contest to be on the show.

I think so.

We love you, Claude.

I got to say, Kelvin and Travis, guys like you who have been on the show, before they usually write way more.

Usually fills up the time a lot more than what you guys did.

Right.

I mean, I really want to see this movie Forrest Gump I just heard about.

It's good.

I just heard about it.

It's based on my favorite restaurant, Bubba Gump Shrimp.

Okay, you'd enjoy it then.

Yeah, so I'm hoping it's a movie about me drawing on my place, Matt, making really cool designs of cars blowing up.

What about you, Kelvin?

Any other tags?

Oh, you know, I'm just kind of, this is my first time in Hollywood.

I'm just here excited just to see all the spots of all my favorite movies and where they were to see where they were filmed.

Where are you going to go?

Well, I'm trying to track down where they shot Welcome to Marwen, which is sort of the inspiration behind all my favorite Funko Pop toys that destroyed my body.

Where are you?

Destroyed your butt.

Where are you?

They crushed my bones in my body.

Your Funko toys?

You might need my Funko toys.

How?

When they fell on me, Oh, I was practicing my Spiderman moves.

Oh, okay.

I'm sorry, I wasn't listening.

I wasn't listening either.

This guy is fucking boring.

I was thinking about the movie Inception the whole time.

It's slaps.

It's good, right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's like a dream within a dream.

Did you understand that part of it?

No.

I've seen it three or four hundred times each time.

I get more and more confused.

Yeah, it's very confusing.

Do you guys like unsolved mysteries?

Yes.

You know Robert Stack?

He's wearing that big trench coat?

I don't know who that is.

I haven't seen it.

He's like two kids trying to buy beer in every episode.

If you know the whereabouts.

Is he related to Rob Deardek?

Yeah, I believe he is.

Wow.

Anyone named Rob?

Rob Halford?

Rob.

It's a family name.

Rob himself.

Rob Gully Rob.

Sure.

Well guys, that fantastic job.

Thank you so much for coming on the show.

I'm wrapping it up here assuming that's all you have.

But and I'm about to throw to our next segment.

If you have anything else, this is your last chance.

Don't go to the phones.

No, that'll be it.

Can I say nobody called me on my jacket?

Oh yeah, what is going on with that?

This is the jacket from Drive.

Which I have not seen that movie.

But you may not recognize it.

I've been wearing it nonstop for about five or six years.

You'd have to turn around and act like the poster in order for me to.

Because it's a very distinctive back.

I haven't seen the poster, but I'm going to turn around and act like what I think the poster is right now.

Okay.

Oh, that is not what it is.

No, take your hands off your ankles.

All right.

Okay.

Look, we're running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Uh.

Ooh, very nice. That was a highly intelligible plugs theme by Kevbot 4000.

Oh, Kevbot 4000 is back.

Thank you so much to Kevbot.

All right, guys.

What are we plugging Claudia?

This is your time to shine.

Oh yeah.

This is where you shine Claudia.

We love plugging stuff.

I love plugging stuff.

Everybody, you've got to go over to Peacock.

You've got to, unfortunately, you've got to get a premium.

Yeah, to get this show.

Yeah.

But it's pretty cheap.

It's only five dollars.

A month.

You should say you can't just pay five dollars and then you get everything.

It's five dollars a month.

Yeah, but you can watch it all because it all came out today.

Yeah, but who has that kind of time?

I need to space this out.

Watch it over the weekend.

One.

I got a pretty packed schedule this weekend.

So this whole, can you put on watch it all in a month?

No, this month is bad for me.

April, I mean April showers come May flowers.

You know that.

I'm sorry.

You're right.

I'm going to make thinking.

I'm in the idiot.

I got a coach soccer with Scott this weekend.

Yeah, we're both coaching.

Well, you guys should get the year subscription.

Do you have all the equipment?

Yeah, I do.

I got all the jerseys.

I got all the balls and I got the gloves.

I got the gloves.

I got the soccer gloves.

You got the ski caps.

I got the ski caps for the girls.

This is, we coach a 23 year old soccer.

23 year old.

I love the best.

The 23 year old girls, the best.

Sponsored by 23 and me.

Yeah.

So killing it, you got to get peacock.

But look, you should get peacock anyway and watch Magruder.

Oh yeah, there's so much great stuff on there.

Yeah, it's not like other things.

You know, like what, like epics or.

Yeah, I got them.

Disgusting.

I'm gagging.

It's fucking disgusting.

No, there's really cool stuff.

Bellaire, bus down.

Yeah.

People's specials are on there.

Some good shit.

And I'm rocking and rolling it from people right now.

How many episodes of this show are there?

We got 10 episodes.

You're going to go on a wild ride.

By the way, if you're a Claudia fanatic like me, she doesn't come on until about minute 15.

It's true.

So I know you're going to be saying they're going, oh, so boring.

Where is she?

But minute 15, boom.

She comes on the screen.

And then I just never leave the screen every now.

No, you never do.

They asked you to, too, right?

Yeah.

In some things, it doesn't make sense.

Yeah, you're just like poking your head up.

Yeah, my character is in prison, but she's still hanging out with Craig.

It doesn't make any sense.

Yeah, interesting.

But still, I'm in the whole thing after that, except for one episode.

Don't watch that one.

OK, skip over that one.

Do not watch episode eight, although John early's in that.

So I think it will be fun.

Yeah, he's been on the show once, and you've been on the show like seven times.

Millions of times.

Yeah, I would skip over that.

Thank you, Scott.

Yes.

I appreciate that.

And you could also watch the aforementioned love.

You're very great in that.

Yeah, watch love.

Very, very well.

In that.

Great.

Oh, thanks.

And it has our friend Gillie as well.

Gillie's in there.

She's rocking and rolling over on love.

Yeah, totally.

All right, very good.

Good plug.

Thanks.

So nice to be here.

Just so beautiful to be back in your.

We're going to say this is plug's time.

This is not thank you time.

OK, sorry.

Yeah, this is reserved solely for plug.

OK.

Just watch killing it.

Please.

Very good.

You know, just watch it.

That's OK.

And OJ, what do you have to plug here?

You know, I'm ingesting a lot of content these days.

You know what?

By the way, your necklace is the first two initials of that brain disease that you have.

Yeah, I've got to add an E on the end of this.

Shut up.

You haven't been able to afford it yet?

I couldn't afford to eat.

I've got to get some more of my memories.

These are expensive.

They do wheel of fortune rules at the jeweler.

Don't they?

It's like RCLN, you're the most expensive letter.

Yeah, I did.

And I told Linu.

And, but, yeah.

And while you're over on peacock, watching killing it, make sure you check out Grand Crew.

Grand Crew.

Oh, yeah.

Grand Crew.

All the episodes are there.

10 episodes of Grand Crew, one of my favorite shows on television.

And I've watched The Pilot of Killing It.

Oh, yeah.

You were there, OJ.

It was an interesting premiere.

OJ was at the premiere.

It wasn't a red carpet before you got there.

And then, so I thought.

It was a red carpet.

It was red and damp.

You were tripping something.

I don't know what it was.

Red carpet.

I turned it into a red carpet.

A red wedding.

And I.

Spoiler.

Spoiler from a show I've never watched.

OK.

They haven't either.

So you're a good company.

Have you ever watched Game of Thrones?

I don't know what that is.

Nope.

It definitely seems like you would like it.

Yeah, I think you'd like it.

Is there violence in it and like nudity?

Yeah.

And a lot of people being sexually assaulted.

And, oh, yeah, that sounds fucking awesome.

I thought you would like it.

Travis.

You can also check out The Fligroom Ones.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, it's about how you stand for it.

Shot of Clemmons and Karl Tartt.

And that's the basketball podcast on the Patreon.

I got asked, do they ever drop the act?

I still don't know, Scott.

And also, XOXO got some kings on the headgum.

Oh, yeah.

That's new.

This is a headgum podcast.

And yeah, it's good.

It's not a hair wolf, but Scott went for the money.

Wait.

I denied it and I went for the money?

Went for the money.

Sold the place off.

Oh, yeah.

Sorry.

Yeah.

I shouldn't have sold the place.

I should have kept it going just to give a few issues.

Or him.

Sorry, him.

All right, guys.

Kelvin and Travis, what do you want to plug?

Yeah, we just wanted to plug.

Follow us on Letterbox.

Actually, I'm so cross-fated.

I forgot to read one of my reviews that you can check out on our Letterbox.

Go ahead.

You can do it during plugs.

I'll allow it.

This is my review of the movie Up.

Yo, the first 10 minutes of Up is the most traumatic shit of all time.

And I watched my son get sucked up in a pool vacuum cleaner.

Oh, no.

Hello, busy.

He was six years old.

Oh, God.

I'm so sorry.

I was 51.

This is recent?

Yeah, this was earlier today.

Oh, no.

What are you doing here?

I just wanted to plug.

You are there.

I was there.

Yes.

This is the first time.

I was like, this is serious up vibes right now.

It was much like up.

Mm-hmm.

It's so weird because that movie gets you so down, but they call it up.

It's too confusing.

Yeah, it's too confusing.

That's why we gave it one star.

Okay, great.

Why we shut it off after 10 minutes.

Any other plugs?

It was at all you wanted to do.

Oh, yeah.

We wanted to plug the website niknbrad.com.

We're big fans of it.

Oh, okay.

So you like websites and not movies?

Yeah.

I mean, I like those three movies that I've seen.

Okay.

Yeah.

Check out niknbrad.com and follow Brad.

Was it hard to get for them, I wonder?

Nick and Brad, or maybe there aren't a lot of nicks hooking up with brads?

There aren't a ton.

There actually was some sort of- It's a hookup site.

It's a niche hookup site.

It's for nicks to hook up with brads.

It's a hookup site for people who want to watch Twitter videos from 2019.

It's fantastic.

All right, I want to plug CBBWorld.com.

We have some great stuff.

We just put out a new episode of Full Throttle with Bob Dooka, and that is an incredible ride, I have to say.

You've got to check that out.

We also put out a Hey Randy episode with Randy Snuts, and we have a new- this book changed my life or saved my life.

I can't remember what that show is called with Lily Sullivan.

That's a really good show.

And on Scott Asn't Seen, we recently covered the Passion of the Christ and the Mighty Ducks.

Head over there to- plus we have the archives of this show and add free episodes.

Head over to CBBWorld.com.

If you subscribe for a year, you get two months free.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Head over to CBBWorld.com.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much.

You open up the plug bag.

Open it up the plug bag.

And when you open up the bag bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the bag bag.

Oh no.

Open up the bag.

Wow.

Oh no.

Open up the plug bag.

That's all I've ever seen.

When you open up your heart.

Open up the bag.

Beautiful.

That's always so short.

That's all slapped.

That was Out of Breath Plug bag by AMC Gremlin.

Boy, that got a lot of our famous own nose.

By the way, have you guys, as anyone said, oh no on this show?

This is the backyard era we all say.

Claudia, I want to hear in your Australian accent.

I know.

Oh you know, yes, exactly.

OJ, give us a no.

Oh no.

It is would take care at the end as well.

Take care.

All right, great.

And guys, thank you so much for being here.

Thank you.

Do you guys want to say, oh no at all or?

Yeah, like, oh no or whatever.

Okay, good.

Oh no.

Oh, that was the most energetic of the sound.

That's the sound that I made when my glass case of Funko Pop Toys fall.

I don't know what you're talking about.

Molly, you said it earlier.

Look, I'm not listening here.

My trauma does not resonate with anyone.

And it's very disturbing.

Sorry.

Guys, thank you so much for being here though.

Pleasure to have you on our internet.

Out there, I feel safe knowing you're out there traversing the the worldwide web.

Is that to us or tell us?

Yeah, I'm looking right at you.

Or to the listeners.

Yeah, I'm not, I'm not looking.

I'm very cross-fated right now.

Okay.

I don't know what you got you cross-fated other than your sundying.

But yeah, my son got my sundying.

I thought I need to get drunk and I need to get stoned right now.

And you haven't done either.

Yeah, at this point, instead you did a podcast.

Claudia, so good to see you.

This is the part where we thank each other.

Okay, thank you, Scott.

Thank you so much for being here.

It's so nice to be here.

So great to see you and juice.

Scott, this isn't over.

I hope not.

We're going to be seeing a lot of each other.

Oh yeah.

Neighbors.

Neighbors, were you in that movie?

No, but we have a TV show in Australia about neighbors, called neighbors.

That's right.

Yeah, very good.

That's when good neighbors become good friends.

Like a good neighbor.

Stay far, mister.

I want to go home.

Okay, bye.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.
