---
layout: page
title: 756. Jonah Ray, Zac Oyama, Ego Nwodim, Heather Anne Campbell [62787eb123ef8900125673be].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Red and Yellow, Killa Fellow, Red and Black Screw, you, Jack.

If you were really my friend, you'd stop giving me all these snakes.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you so much, Nells for Smells.

For that wonderful catchphrase submission.

That's the first time we've heard from Nells for Smells, I believe.

And always glad to hear from new catchphrase submitters, especially in our 14th year.

And this is the beginning of our 14th year.

We're breaking off not another Hondo, but another Anno, here for Comedy Bang Bang, a pleasure to be your podcast, your weekly podcast for low these many years.

And we have a really good show today.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

By the way, I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

If this is your first time, welcome.

If this is your last time, don't let the door hit you.

See you later.

You may as well turn it off right now.

But we have a really good show.

Coming up a little later, we have someone in the AP-ARY industry, as well as some other, someone else, I think.

I don't have that info.

Devin, my producer, I need all this info on my whiteboard here.

When I walk in, I don't have any info.

Okay, well, we're going to do something a little bit different.

Coming up here on our 14th year, I decided that I wanted to get a little more in-depth with our celebrity guests.

We are back in the studio.

We can have celebrity guests back in.

I'm not in my backyard anymore, where I was reliant upon the kindness of strangers who were passing by, people in my neighborhood.

We have a big celebrity guest here today, and I want to do what I'm going to call the Comedy Bang Bang interview.

This is where we break it down, we get in-depth a little bit with our guest, and who better to have for our very first edition of the Comedy Bang Bang interview, but an old friend, he's been on the show probably the entire 13 years, I wonder if he ever came in and the, oh, that's a good question for the interview.

Did you ever come in in her first year when we were at the radio station?

I got to file that away.

He is one of the stars of Mystery Science Theater 3000, a new season of which has debuted upon wherever it is.

I don't know what used to be on Netflix, but this is a good question for the interview too.

But a new season of which just debuted on Friday, it's our pleasure to have him back.

Please welcome back Joan Array.

Hi, hi, Scott.

Hi.

Thank you so much for having me.

I can't believe I get to be like in this inaugural segment.

It's exciting, isn't it?

We've known each other nearly 20 years.

And so, I feel like I know everything there is to know about you, but we're going to get in deep here.

Yeah, I mean, I don't think there's anybody better than you.

You've seen me grow up essentially.

I basically did.

I mean, I grew to know you as a 21-year-old.

I was 20 years old when we met.

20 years old.

Wow.

And now here we are.

I'll be 40 in August.

Yeah, a couple of decades later.

Yeah, yeah.

So you know everything about me.

So I'm sure this is going to be more in depth than you know.

Yeah, totally.

So Jonah, when did the show come out and how many episodes was it?

It came out this past Friday, May 6th, and there's like three episodes available now.

And then there will be 14 and are 12 in total.

And it's on what network?

Because I was unsure about that.

It's actually being independently distributed through the Gizmoplex.

There's an MST3K app you can put on any of your devices.

And you can watch old episodes.

You can stream these new episodes that will have live premieres.

And you can watch along with people and kind of watch it as it happens live and chat with the people in the rooms and stuff like that.

So it's going to be on a place called the Gizmoplex.

Yeah.

And it's pretty much it.

Like for the new platform and episodes and stuff like that.

It was really fun.

It was really fun doing.

It was fun.

Yeah.

Okay.

Huh.

Yeah.

Fuck.

I, uh, making them was.

It was good.

Yeah.

No, it was really good.

Yeah.

No, it was a lot of fun.

You know, we didn't have, you know, people from Netflix, you know, kind of having to chime in on things.

Yeah.

I gotta admit, I'm out of questions.

Okay.

So just the one?

Yeah.

20 years though, Scott.

I mean, what am I going to ask you?

I mean, did you know?

Wait, I'm sorry.

Did you ask me if when it comes out?

Yeah.

I think it was, you said it was the sixth.

Yeah.

No, it was the May 6th.

Yeah.

It just just came out and then, uh, there was the.

Just a number of episodes as well.

Yeah.

Those are those are written down right here.

Yeah.

When's it come out?

Number of episodes.

That's all I'm really interested in.

I mean, is this.

You've known I've been coming in for days.

I just wasn't.

Is this the.

Yeah.

Is this the.

Is the company.

It took me.

It took me like three days to think of those.

Yeah.

And then suddenly I got to say, I was in the shower and it just like popped in my head.

I was like, oh, oh, oh, oh.

I got some I want to ask Jonah.

Great.

Honestly, I had nothing.

Were you.

When you were booked and I was like, what am I going to talk to this guy about?

Jesus.

Scott, were you at least hoping that it would turn into like, like ask like that would be the icebreaker and then we start talking about more stuff.

I mean, I look.

You've been doing this.

When there's an icebreaker, when it came to the Titanic, that icebreaker made suddenly the ship tank.

So no, I mean, like there's nothing after an icebreaker.

The ship just like goes down and, you know, people are playing and they're rearranging deck chairs.

And you know, to be that's an amazing outlook on this, but I feel that maybe you could even ask, you know, like what movies we did on it.

Did you want to ask any movies you did?

Why?

What's the what do you mean?

You did movies.

It's a TV show.

Yes, but we watch movies and we do.

Yeah.

We like make jokes over them, talk as the characters.

We make jokes over movies.

People worked hard on those.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

It's kind of rude.

It's a bit, it's a bit rude, but we do it with love.

It's cheeky.

Yeah.

It's a bit.

But also insulting.

No, no, we don't.

Insulting to the creators of the movies, certainly though.

We dance with the movies and we give them an audience that they wouldn't normally have.

What do you mean?

They came out and they had that audience.

I mean, a lot of people haven't heard these things.

They got lost in time.

I mean, this is becoming very combative and I was thinking.

I don't think so.

Was this the plan the whole time for the kind of interviews?

No, I thought we would go and be.

This thing got you a podcast.

I thought that maybe I would ask these questions and suddenly you would like this.

What do you have questions?

Like it was one.

It's a two part question at the very least.

14 years.

Do I have to be a fake person for you to be able to think of more questions to ask me?

We don't do fake people, doesn't we?

We have real people.

Jonah Hill is here.

Is that your name?

No, it's Ray.

Ray.

20 years ago.

Jonah Ray.

Jonah Ray is here, the comedy bang bang interview.

Thank you so much for being here.

Is that the entire interview?

That's pretty much it.

I don't have anything else, unfortunately.

But we do have to get to our next guest.

He is in the APA-ary industry is what I'm reading here.

What do you think that means?

There's a question.

What do you think that means?

I mean, I guess it's like a bird.

It's a bird stuff.

Bird stuff.

Yeah.

It's an enclosure, I think.

How do you get paid to do bird stuff?

I don't know.

I don't know the answers to these questions.

Ask me about Pat and Oswald.

Pat and Oswald.

Yeah, he was on the show.

I would ask him about that.

Oh, he's someone good for the comedy bang bang interview.

Okay.

What's the questions you would ask him?

What wins the show come out?

Look, we got to get to our next guest, Jonah.

He is in the APA-ary industry.

Please welcome Tim Bullock.

Hi, Tim.

Hey, Scott.

It is.

This is Jonah.

Hi, Jonah.

Do you recognize him from?

Of course.

From the green room.

When I came in and I said hi, I'm Tim.

And I asked him.

That's a nice way to meet people.

You know, when the show came out.

Yeah.

How many episodes are plus?

How many episodes?

Yeah.

What did he say about the platform he was on?

It's some sort of...

It's independent released, which is...

What does that mean to you, the regular, a common person?

Well, the lay person, as they say.

I associate independent releases with, when I let a bird off my arm.

Oh, okay.

That's what it comes up.

That's what triggers in your mind.

You suddenly think of the weight being...

Does your arm sort of like, rise up?

When you hear that phrase, almost like, oh boy.

I instinctively want to lift my arm.

Right.

Yeah.

I guess that brings me to my point of being here.

Oh, great.

Well, it's great to have you.

Welcome.

I know that we're not doing the Comedy Bank being interview with you, but I would love to talk to you about what you do.

What is it you do?

Tell us...

Well, Jonah and I, two interested parties, what it is that you do in the APA-ary industry.

Because I didn't realize you could get paid to do anything with birds, let alone whatever it is you do.

That's interesting.

It's a pretty wide industry.

There are a lot of types of jobs that go into birds and handling birds.

I personally am a falconer.

Falconer, which I work closely with a falcon named Aphrodite that I just got.

Oh.

And what is a falconer?

Because how does someone get paid to be a falconer?

Why does someone pay you to have a falcon Yeah.

Do you own the falcon?

Do you rent the falcon?

I just put down a pretty severe down payment on this falcon.

And I got to be honest.

Was it 10%?

20%?

It's in this market.

It's 20% if you're lucky.

Wow.

Sometimes it gets all higher and it's the best offer.

Yeah, OBO.

More best offer.

Yeah.

That's...

It could be a lot of money.

We don't...

It was a lot of money for me.

How much are falcons going for these days?

That's a good question, Jonah.

Thank you so much.

Jonah Ray is here.

Of course not.

MST 3000.

Yeah.

Well, I got a falcon loan and...

3K?

Mr. Sineas the 3000.

I just...

Okay.

Yeah.

Right.

Okay.

Yeah.

So how much are falcons?

I had to put down around 15 grand.

You put down 15 grand in order and that was...

30%.

That was 30%.

And I don't have my falcon mortgage calculator for...

It's 100 grand.

No, it's 50 grand.

You know, no way.

15 is 30...

It's 30 percent in this.

So it's...

I'm not gonna be able to do this.

You know, it seems like a lot of money.

You know, sometimes it takes a lot of money.

50 stuff.

50 grand.

Like, you know, with the new season, Mr. Sineas Cedar, of course, you know, we kickstarted the budget for it.

So it's kind of made...

Okay.

I'm gonna have to ask you about that soon because I'm gonna...

Is you ever done that?

I would imagine like with a bird though, it would be more like fly starter or fly swatter?

A fly swatter.

Oh.

I don't...

I certainly don't have swatter falcon.

That's a way...

A easy way to end up in bird jail.

But...

Is bird jail just another smaller apiary?

It's sort of... Have you ever heard of like...

Is it a jail for birds or is it a bird that humans go into if they do bad things for birds?

It's a bird that does.

For birds?

Like the birds have them do bad things.

Yeah.

Like are they accessories and bird crimes?

It's all crimes.

Is that a weird al song?

It's pretty much all crimes related to birds.

And I'm worried I'm gonna head there soon because...

What's going on?

I just...

Right before this.

Tim Bullock.

I did my first inaugural flight with Aphrodite in Atlanta.

Let her off my arm.

And she has yet to come back.

Oh no.

She's gone.

She's got...

Aphrodite...

Wait, so where...

Right outside the building.

You did it outside this building.

I put a leather glove on and I was gonna be like, this is gonna be great.

Well, we'll be able to have Aphrodite.

By the way, you didn't mind going all the way up to your...

Usually when I see a falconer, it goes all the way up the arm.

It goes all the way up to the arm.

You put it on like you were OJ.

Yeah, it's a really tight little leather glove.

I mean, I spent so much on the down payment I couldn't get the whole arm.

You couldn't get the whole arm.

So just this is like a quality leather.

Not a nice a toner.

A little small.

Yeah.

And so the bird...

And you're a trained...

You're trained to do this too?

Look, I've been trying to break into the falconry industry for a very long time.

And it's pretty prohibitive in terms of cash upfront.

Really?

So it's an industry where you need to come in like rich or you need to have rich parents.

Your daddy was a falconer.

Yeah, it's like working in Hollywood.

Exactly.

You saw this nepotism or bird nepotism.

Is there a lot of...

Yeah, so you don't have any ties to the industry then?

No, a lot of these kids have these ostrich farms.

They have whole sanctuaries.

And I want to say like Big Sur or something like that, or towns where you can bike around.

I mean, you would know better than I.

You're asking me, I have no idea.

No, I'm just wondering if you've been there.

Have I been to Big Sur?

Yeah, yeah.

Oh yeah, all the time.

Okay.

Do I see falcons?

Not often.

It seems like pretty falcon heavy.

I would imagine with the forest.

I mean, I've looked up in the sky certainly, and I've been like, is that a bird?

Is that a plane?

Sometimes it's, you know, I think it's super bad even.

But it turns out normally it's planes.

Well, I mean, it's often planes.

You know, but we're in, you know, Southern California, there are a lot of falcons.

Usually a kite will be up there.

It's like a lost kite or a balloon or something.

Mainly found kites.

Bad kites.

Yeah, yeah.

People...

Secondhand kites that people have found.

A repurposed kites.

Yeah.

Yeah, I mean.

You can just eye a kite in the sky and know if it's a used kite or not.

Well, no, I usually follow the string down, then I ask them to...

Pretty long.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, it's...

When you...

I love asking people questions that, you know, I just see on the screen.

Wait, I'm sorry, just really quick.

So you see the kite, you follow the string, you go up to the person.

I'll have a conversation for hours.

I just like, I find the people so interesting.

Just in general, do you know how many questions you normally ask them?

Oh, I mean, how many questions?

Yeah, I mean, sometimes it's, you know, hundreds.

I mean, for hours?

Yeah.

And hour long, you know, two or three hour long questions.

You're just intrigued by people.

Oh, I love it.

I love it. I'm a people person.

Wow.

And Tim Bullock is here.

He's a falcon person.

So wait, your falcon got away from you.

She's got it.

I don't know what to do.

She's flying.

I saw her somewhere.

Did you train Aphrodite to come back?

Well, I was...

Is that something that...

I was...

I was thinking the glove would do a lot of the work, you know?

That it's like, I'm just like...

Did you put anything on the glove?

Like, did you dip it in like...

Well, I was like...

Like male falcon semen or...

I don't know what to track.

Is that what I should have done?

Good.

I think...

Look, if I could go back in time for one reason and one reason alone, it would dip my little glove into the top and see me.

Where'd you get the glove?

Oh, well, they're at the store where they sell all the falcons.

It's, you know, they have hundreds of...

Oh, that...

Because they get you coming and going.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, you know, those like those...

So you're in line with the falcon and the cage and then you're just...

It's like an impulse buyer.

Yeah, there's...

For falcons.

There's little gloves and leashes, which...

Man, when I see a falcon just blowing bubbles.

It makes my day.

But you hardly ever see it these days.

Why is that?

Is the culture changing?

I think people are on their...

Falcons are on their phones more now.

Oh, yeah.

In these days.

Yeah.

But I went...

That's just a guess because my falcons gone.

And...

Wow.

So Aphrodite, what did you say to Aphrodite?

Did you...

Did you have any kind of words of like, Okay, come back.

Make sure you come back or...

Well, I was really just adamant about the first part of it, which was Aphrodite to the sky.

And I lifted my arm in the air and...

To her credit, she listened.

Yeah.

To the nth degree.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's too bad.

She's all but God.

So, what was the...

Were you keeping Aphrodite in a cage up till then?

And then...

Pretty small cage up until then.

He's pretty small.

Yeah.

I mean, they're very...

Spelt like aerodynamic.

And I thought, you know...

Was it too small of a cage?

No, hindsight again.

I think the cage was...

She was happy to get out of it.

She was happy to get out.

That could be it.

Yeah.

Well, it's interesting that you're being interviewed here on the show for being a falcater.

And you decided to do your first one right before walking in here in the parking lot.

And then you actually came in to do the interview.

I would have been like, okay, I'm gonna call and reschedule this interview because I lost my first falcon.

I absolutely love to see the falcon.

I know.

And I'm just wondering if after this, maybe you guys could come outside, if you have any sort of pool equipment that we could just maybe...

Any pool equipment here in the student?

That's on a long pole.

You should have gotten me during the backyard era.

I had plenty of pool equipment then.

But then again, if you had brought the falcon, we had a ton of falcons up there too.

You could hear them occasionally.

Did you have the little mast?

The hood?

Yeah, the hood.

The little falcon head?

Yeah.

I had the little falcon hat.

What is that for?

To make them think they're asleep?

Well, you know, like when you want to put a bird's sleep, you put the towel over the cage.

Yeah.

So to make them really fall asleep, you put a hood over there.

A pair of goggles and fall into sleep immediately.

It's on the pool.

That was the backyard era.

I mean, I guess I missed it.

I was hoping that I could just come in here if you have a mini fridge that has a little bit of loose need.

A miniature refrigerator?

Yeah, a short for miniature refrigerator.

If you have any...

I believe there's one...

You'll look, I haven't been back to the studio in quite a while, so I can't remember if we have to.

That could have gotten bigger.

Could have gotten bigger?

Could not be there.

To be honest, I'm trying to picture the kitchenette in there.

And it's been so long, I can't really even picture it anymore.

I know there were M&M's there for a while, is that true?

Maybe we could lure Aphrodite back with M&M's or...

M&M's just sort of like, you know, wrote it, meet of some kind.

Oh, where are we going to come to have that?

Did it enjoy any kind of, you know, music or...?

Yeah, how long did you have this falcon before you let it free?

Well, the falcon store opened at 10 a.m.

It's still today?

It's 11 a.m. right now.

Yeah, I ran over, had to run over.

You don't have a car?

I don't.

It's which is hard here.

The public transit is kind of fun, but it's just, it's a little too long.

And they don't like falcons on there.

Right, right.

So you ran over here from the falcons store?

The falcon store.

The falcon store, a little falcon cage.

It's, I want to say it's La Brea.

It's a, I would say, a 45-minute sprint to here.

So you ran over here 45 minutes.

Presumably it took you at least five minutes to pick out the falcon by the glove.

First falcon I saw.

So one of the half minutes I would say.

Because you know you have a 45-minute sprint.

I'm going to be laying 11 a.m.

I have to be there until I'm done.

So you had the falcon on your arm as you were sprinting over here?

Do you think that maybe you jostled it a bit much?

You know, hindsight, I would say that I probably jostled the falcon a lot.

What made you want to get into this?

Tim, well, you know, you see all these side hustlers where you get the thing.

This was a side hustle for you?

This was going to be your main thing.

You got to put this on main.

Look, I, I, if I was a side hustle with the hopes of becoming the main hustle, I wish I could throw my whole body in spirit.

What do you do?

What do you do for actual work?

Full-time babysitter.

100% of the time I'm taking care of.

You let your first falcon get away within seconds.

I don't know if I would trust you with a baby.

Well, they can't fly that high, honestly.

That's a good point.

The babies you say babies to the sky.

And they're not usually listening to you.

Keep them close to the ground if I were you.

I mean, I'm not trying to throw a baby in here.

I'm not trying to get fired on my main hustle.

Yeah.

What if you threw a baby in the air, just trying to have a little fun and then it just flew away?

You must dream about that sometimes.

I do.

I have a lot of, you know, my interest intersect in my dream world.

And it's a lot of flying babies.

Hold on.

This is how you next time your baby's sitting, you come back, you get that baby, you bring it back over here, you throw it up in the sky and maybe after dieting.

Swoops down to catch it.

To catch it.

To save it?

And it will be able to fly.

What's the hazard in this?

It's pretty strong sizable.

I was noticing that on the sprint over here, the musculature of this bridge, very strong.

Yeah.

Do you think it could carry a baby?

How far do you think it could carry a baby?

I would say 30 feet in the air, not the usual.

30 feet in 100.

How many months though, the baby?

Baby is probably 30 months, I would say.

30 months, 30 feet?

30 months, 30 feet.

It's pretty easy to remember.

Is that a baby when it's 30 months?

It's 30 for 30.

It's a baby.

Is that what 30 for 30 is?

I've always seen people talking about that.

It's 30 feet in the air for 30 mark.

That's how you know it's baby.

That's what these tattoos are.

Oh wait, you have tattoos?

What?

I was sort of like the secret where you're kind of manifesting.

Oh, I see.

I got 30 for 30.

But it doesn't say 30 for 30, it's just 30 pictures of birds.

30 pictures of the different types of birds that I know off the top of my head.

We have found some of your head you have found.

Let's stop your head you.

You have to go ahead and keep going.

All 30 is what I want to hear.

Chicken chicks.

Chicken and chicks.

That doesn't go.

Chick, chick, chick, chick.

Any crows?

Oh, that would have been a good.

Oh yeah, yeah.

But I know.

Crows the name of one of the characters in Mr. Science Theater.

Hampton Young does a really good job and there's a new one.

I was just wondering.

I was just trying to get it.

Yeah, trying to fill it in there.

Yeah.

Do you watch TV with birds in it?

Gosh.

I'm mostly outside.

There's not a lot of TV shows that birds in it.

You know what I mean?

Well, the crow is the name of a bird and you know it's.

Like I don't think that I was ever watching like the gilded age and suddenly like you know you see just a parrot walking by.

Right.

You know and yeah just like on its feet just walking across.

Doesn't happen very much.

Doesn't happen a lot but I think it should happen more often don't you?

I mean you're interested in birds.

I mean if I could get you know that's sort of an adjacent side hustle parrot wrangler on set.

I would love to have that.

That's needed in Los Angeles.

You need a parrot wrangler.

Get into that.

I mean this who knows if Aphrodite is coming back and that's a whole lot.

I mean that's $15,000 down the drain.

Where'd you get the 15 just babysitting?

Just solid babysitting hours.

What do you get paid an hour?

I get paid about 30 an hour.

Another 30.

So I get paid 30 an hour.

Do you exclusively do 30-month-year-olds 30-year-olds 30 an hour and I'm going to have to be honest.

I minimum guaranteed 30 hours.

We do long weekends.

We do a little math here.

30 times 30.

Let's see that's $900 a week.

What did you work like?

Sometimes you can double up on the babies or triple up or 30 up.

Your babysitting 30 babies at a time.

30 hours for $900 baby.

So the way you okay 30 of those at 900 then we're talking.

That's $27,000 down the week.

There's only two Falcons for that.

Yeah.

Well I mean half a Falcon.

Well if Falcons are 50 they're going for 50 this way.

He just made the down payment.

Oh that's right.

But you could do two down payments if Alkins.

Joan is quite correct on that.

That's what I mean.

That's what I meant initially.

It's pretty taxing hours and it's a pretty difficult industry to just work.

Especially to do 30 babies.

Do you keep them all in the same room or are they each in separate rooms?

Baby cages. How big are the baby cages now?

Well again you know hindsight they should be bigger.

They should be bigger.

They're basically the size of the baby.

Did you get these like at the the chicken places where they raised chickens to like a to be killed?

Like a factory farm for chickens?

Yeah a lot of them get shut down for by the FDA and stuff and I can get in there and I can get these chicken cages for a bomb dollar.

Yeah but this is not comfortable for a baby.

I you know not comfortable for a chicken.

It's definitely not comfortable for a chicken and I would say that the babies you know like to be swaddled and a lot of babies just get a good nap in I would say.

Okay this is a good point.

Was there any kind of tracking device or chip in the Falcon?

Oh this is a good idea.

Did you not have to?

Why chip the babies but I don't have a chip.

You chip all your baby.

Wait you do a personal chip for all of your babies?

Database.

So if you're watching 30 babies you want to make sure that they're around.

Do the parents know that you're chipping all their babies?

They need to know.

Yeah that's true.

I mean they're never going to see it.

Look it's it's it's honestly a precaution if they ever want to hire me to track on their baby.

How long have you been doing this?

30 years?

30 years.

So some of these babies that you've chipped have all grown up are peers honestly.

Do you still keep tabs on them?

I mean you chipped all them.

I track them all.

I mean there's probably three or four babies in this building that we're in.

I mean you're doing ducks?

Yeah I mean some of them got lost a lot.

So you have you have chipped babies all over the world.

All over.

And you can get all you know what I should be doing is selling that data.

I really should.

You've been tracking their every movement.

Does it do other stuff like what they watch and what ads they see?

Why?

They it's sort of like a Nielsen box for every.

You should be selling this data.

It'd be a good interest.

Yeah.

That's Britannica Analytica.

Yeah.

No.

Wow well I Tim I really I feel terrible about Aphrodite.

I mean did you name Aphrodite by the way or?

I did not.

It's sort of you know first.

Didn't have time.

It was like they were alphabetical in the store.

I ran up saw the first.

So ArtVark was not.

ArtVark wasn't there.

Yeah.

I don't know maybe it was rented out.

And you're sure it was a Falcon.

We only had 45 minutes together.

I was out of full sprint.

It could have been a little eagle.

I don't know.

Was it bald?

Bald.

You know what a bald eagle.

Did I have a comb over?

A little comb over.

It could have been a baby.

Could have been a baby.

Oh my gosh.

It might have been a baby.

Do you remember like were you were you currently babysitting when you were going to get?

Well it's hard.

I had to leave the babies pretty quickly.

Yeah.

There's 30 of them.

I think I got them on their cage.

I run out, grant my keys, grab all my stuff.

And I did you get all your stuff?

Forgetting I had my keys and my wallet, my baby chips.

How many baby chips?

You just reached into your pocket and you have like a handful of baby chips.

You know when you're going to need to chip a baby.

Okay.

Well you should have chipped you should have chipped your Falcon.

This is this is unfortunate for you.

Hindsight.

Yeah well you know I mean that's uh it can be a powerful thing to have hindsight.

Well Tim Bullock is here the apiary industry.

We need to take a break if that's okay.

Can you stick around?

I'll pop out for a second.

Look for my Falcon.

Come back.

Okay yeah do that while I'm saying the ads.

I'll stick around too if you want to ask any more questions.

Kind of think of any during break.

All right we're going to come right back.

We have some other people I don't know who or what but they're going to be on the show.

And we'll have more Tim Bullock more Joan array.

We'll be right back with more comedy banging after this.

Comedy banging we are back.

We have Joan array of mystery science theater and you were saying 3k is the number.

Well mst3k or mr. science theater 3000 yes.

But it's never mst 3000.

No no it seems like it could be.

Mr. Science Theater 3000.

It's usually this is people say mst3k or something like that but that's uh all episodes yeah just yeah they came out on the sixth yeah yeah we talked about that now okay.

Also we have Tim Bullock is here just checked just checked yeah what's going on.

I didn't see it.

I saw I thought I saw Aphrodite but it was a kite.

It was got lost in a conversation.

Did you follow the string down?

Yeah I follow the string.

That can be very tempting to drink my people.

Yeah I wonder because we took a 45 minute break.

Yeah I talked for 30 minutes and then stood outside for 15 and then came back.

Wait so you talked to her for 30 minutes then stood outside for 15?

Why not come back in after the 30?

Yeah I needed to recharge a little bit.

All right well speaking of recharging I recharge with our producer Devon over here and I got the name of our next guest.

Anna she is an attorney please welcome for the first time on the show Bethina Saltz.

Hi Scott.

Hi.

Hi you can call me Beth Saltz for short.

Okay please.

You liked it you liked that.

You liked to be called Beth Saltz.

Well it's my name.

Okay.

Do you like what's what's Scott?

Well I thought your name was Bethina.

Well it's Bethina that's my government name but what's your government name?

Uh Scott is short for Ascot.

Scott is Ascot?

Yes.

Ascot.

All right.

Yeah the thing you put around here.

The thing you put in the thing you put in the underwear.

No I don't think you know what an Ascot is actually.

Well I know an Ascot.

Wait you're thinking when I said Ascot.

It's a butt plug.

I'm sorry let's start over.

Let's say you have a please.

I mean this is I feel like for some reason we got off on the wrong foot here where we're talking about ass clots and butt plugs here.

That's not what you're here.

That's not what I'm here to talk about.

By the way this is this is Tim.

He's a.

That's me.

Hi nice.

I was gonna say you're a falconer but you're not really.

Well if we find my falcon I am.

Oh okay.

I don't like birds.

Did you see any coming in here?

Oh I saw birds.

Yeah.

Did you see falcon?

Yeah.

I didn't see a falcon.

I don't I mean I don't know the different types of birds.

They do.

I just know.

The tattoos of all the birds I have in my arms.

Yeah.

There's a lot of birds.

There's 30 tattoos of birds.

Is that a blue j?

I'm doing a blue jay as I'm feeling.

It is a little blue jay but I at first thought I thought it was a chicken.

I was married to a Canadian so I.

Oh from Toronto?

Toronto yes.

Yeah for where the blue jays play.

Where the blue jays play correct.

Mm-hmm yeah correct.

The the major league baseball team the the blue jays we're not saying like it's not a phrase like where the the deer in the buffalo play.

No we're the wild things.

I don't know nothing like that.

No it's nothing like that.

Like literally the Toronto blue jays.

And this is Joan Array he's from Mystery Science Theatre.

It's a no.

I guess he wants me to say 3000 and you can ask him when his show is coming back.

When is your show coming back?

It came out on May 6.

It's on a platform called the Gizmo play.

And anything else you want to ask about it is you know it's a it's sky.

Do you have anything?

No for the questions you're on.

No.

No I don't have any questions.

It's a lot of fun.

It's a lot of fun making it.

Pleasure to meet you.

Bethina.

Bat or bath salts.

Bath salts please.

Bath salts.

So you'd prefer to have your entire name be be.

Well what's the alternative you want to call me a batina?

Uh no I well I would just call you by your first name normally but it seems a little weird to be saying your first name last name.

So what do you so would you would you rather call me?

I would normally say batina.

Yeah gross.

Why is that gross that's your name?

Because I mean yeah well your name did you choose your name?

I didn't you know that's the thing.

I really don't get people.

Yeah people should be able to choose your name.

Yeah we should be able to choose it.

I did not choose this name.

Yeah I did not.

Your parents did.

My parents did.

Yeah my parents did.

My parents chose my name.

I am a failed attorney by the way.

Oh that's not in your bio here.

I'm sorry.

It just says attorney.

Wait.

I got debarred.

Debarred.

No debarred.

It's yeah it's when you're on the barn some puts a dick on your foot.

No.

Yeah.

No I mean we're joking around.

I'm just kidding.

I'm a little comedy to myself.

You do comedy to yourself.

This is comedy bang bang right?

No thank you.

I appreciate the the attempt and that's great.

Is that not because it didn't quite track?

He's a failed falconer.

I'm a failed.

From one failed person to another.

No what exactly does a falcon do?

Well they normally would handle falcons that would then come back to them.

I still don't know how someone gets paid for this.

Okay.

Say you show up to birthday parties or events and you.

You're an entertainer?

A bit of an entertainer yeah.

Oh like Cedric.

He's like Cedric.

Yeah Cedric.

You a Cedric fan?

Huge Cedric fan followed him for 30 years.

Followed him.

Where?

What do you mean on Instagram?

Oh the different social media hasn't been around for more than 16 17.

I want to say as soon as he started touring I was there.

Oh okay.

And I would show up with the original Kings of Comedy.

Exactly.

Would you only see Cedric though?

I only show up for Cedric and then I bounce.

Well what do you think of the Queens of Comedy?

Are you sexist?

I'm not it's not that I'm sexist.

I just love Cedric the entertainer.

Yeah so was it you don't stick around for Steve Harvey?

No who would he close?

Harvey Steve Harvey?

Yeah Harvey Steve Harvey.

As he would say he's got he doesn't like bucket but.

Exactly but that's why I'm saying people don't want to say just a first name.

He's not going to say what you didn't stick around for Steve.

Steve Harvey.

Right okay you're right okay salt's bath salts.

So you bath salts?

Bath salts?

No you don't yeah it's bath salts.

What a team.

Well what makes you a failed attorney what do you mean?

Well I'm a divorce attorney and I have not successfully seen a divorce through one time.

No everyone stays married.

Everybody stays married.

I quote a lot even though I'm not a judge I'm not a judge but yeah everyone stays married.

Are you sure you're not a marriage counselor?

No I promise I'm not a marriage counselor.

So people would hire you.

Do not relate well to people.

People people would hire you wanting to get divorced and wanting to work out a settlement between them.

Absolutely.

And by the end of working together they would go look I'm just going to stay.

They would say she's not worth the money or the hassle and they would reconcile every time.

Really?

Like they're following back in love or they.

They just decide I'm literally a headache.

And so they hate each other just as much they would rather stay married than talk to you anymore.

Then talk to me.

You're a common enemy.

I'm a common enemy I suppose.

I guess that makes sense.

I get common enemy.

Change my name.

What was your.

Well can you reintroduce me I'm common.

I feel like there would be confusion in the marketplace with common who you know that rapper.

Just the one the one name common.

And what's so funny is his talent is so uncommon.

It's so singular to him.

Uncommon common but exactly but it's kind of a it's kind of word play on him.

I know him.

I know him by the way.

You know common really?

I do know common.

Um at the mall.

Really?

AT&T store.

How common?

Yeah well yeah.

Okay the word plays kind of I don't know this is a comedy show right now.

Well you tried something that I was trying something.

You tried something okay we both failed okay.

Oh okay wait a minute.

We're both bad at it.

Yeah so okay.

So anyway yeah all the couples do stay together.

A lot of times you know you go to court and we say it's irreconcilable differences.

We go to the judge we say that's what's going on here.

The judge asks questions it's religious like irreconcilable differences.

But they mean irreconcilable differences between you and them.

Um ultimately yes initially it starts with the woman complaining about her husband's penis size.

But that's pretty much it.

Any time you've ever heard irreconcilable differences think about it.

What could you what is possibly irreconcilable?

Wow.

Think about it.

What what can't a man change about themselves?

His penis.

Yeah.

Those pills don't work.

Yeah you can put the pump on it as long as you want.

It doesn't do anything.

It's not really gonna it's not really gonna make a difference.

It's not gonna make a difference.

So I am a common enemy so some people.

So every every marriage that's been divorced it's all about the the size of the man's penis.

Erecting can't style differences.

Erecting can't style with them.

Yes.

It's that's kind of fun word play that you could hear.

Erect.

Watch movies on.

And this is a word play podcast.

Not really although we were talking about bird crabs earlier.

Are we big on puns?

Um god we're in our 14th year I'm gonna say.

Big bang.

So?

Okay.

All right.

Okay cool.

Do you think Big Punisher was short for Big on puns?

I think he was yeah he loved puns.

Maybe the whole name anyway that just came to me.

I love you.

That's called a big punisher.

Already saying what it's long for.

Why are you being a big punisher?

Big big sure sure but big on punisher.

Take the issue.

Anyway whatever.

I do have another case to make it to today.

So I can't.

I thought you were disbarred.

I was disbarred but I can't.

I was debarred.

Oh that's different.

That's like a mini it's a mini disbar.

That's a sexual act.

Oh okay.

I have got you.

I you thought I was doing a pun but that's actually what happened.

Oh.

It was a sexual act.

Too many penises on the forehead.

So so who's your case?

I've never seen a 60 year old woman with acne.

Take a good look at my forehead.

Are you 60 or do you have acne?

I freaking Nestle Crunchball.

Okay let me check that out.

Yeah check it out.

Bend down over here.

Bend down.

Four heads up here.

I'm sitting down.

My forehead is.

And you've been standing this entire time.

Well because I'm used to being in court.

And you said court.

Okay well bend down so I can see your forehead.

I'm not gonna bend down.

You bend over.

Do you have a mirror?

Nasty fuck.

Fuck.

Am I allowed to cuss?

Hey sure if you want.

Is this a court of law?

If you were to say something like that to the judge though what would happen to you?

Oh well I well I've hooked up with a few judges.

Oh really?

That's a much judge.

You're not Judge Steve Harvey.

Oh Steve Harvey.

Steve Harvey.

No never hooked up with him.

He's married.

Yeah supposedly.

They're religious too.

He's married and religious so he doesn't do hookups.

But hasn't he done like five divorces?

Of himself of his own.

Yeah I think so right.

So every single time he gets remarried they're like I don't know the penis is false.

Well here's the thing Scott.

Here's the thing I don't study divorces.

I don't know so maybe that's why I'm so mad at my job.

I don't know who I don't study like I don't do you study comedy?

Yeah he doesn't study comedy.

I don't know.

I mean at least you should know case law of like previous cases and stuff like that.

Case law that was a judge I hooked up with.

Case law?

Case law.

Why don't you just follow what you're good at and like help people you know stay together.

Yeah maybe it's like when you know Aphrodite comes back you can you know help reconnect that.

Are you married Tim?

I'm a perpetually single.

Are you looking?

Look I'm always looking.

You're just a 60 year old woman with acne.

Hey Scott hey don't pit me out here.

Scott you're really off putting today.

And she already says she hates birds.

I don't like birds and you're a big bird guy.

You got them tattooed all over your body.

All you have big bird tattooed on your body.

Big bird across my back.

Sweetie bird.

Sweetie bird on my forehead.

Yeah crazy.

Listen I uh I'm.

It's sweetie bird with a like low pants too.

Like you would see sexy during space to win space jam.

You can see sweetie birds V.

You know the V.

The sex group.

Yeah yeah.

The gutters yeah.

Yeah.

The D'Angelo sex groups.

Yeah the D'Angelo sex groups.

Oh yeah that's right.

I wish I could have seen the tattoo while they were doing it but again it was on my forehead.

Yeah wow.

That's a sexy sweetie bird.

I don't like birds but I kind of I don't know.

But you'd make an exception for a tweetie bird.

I'm black but I'm blushing.

I can't see it.

I'm sorry.

Look that's racist.

No I think you're just higher up.

You could bend over.

I'm not going to bend down I mean.

I'm every man in here trying to get me to bend bend down.

You bend over.

You bend over then we could talk.

It's just sort of a higher up perch.

Stop bringing things back to birds.

Yeah.

Please.

No but he wants to.

No falcon up there.

That's all I know.

No I did not see a falcon on my way in.

You don't have a falcon on your forehead.

I don't know that's a Nestle crunch bar.

Okay maybe maybe the Nestle crunch bar could be out there that could lure the falcon back.

He thinks it's a Nestle crunch bar.

He doesn't even stand outside.

He wants me to leave.

Exposed your forehead.

Yeah.

The falcon swoops down thinking your forehead is a Nestle crunch bar.

It's gonna work.

Yeah.

This is a good idea.

I don't like to take off my sweatband.

I wear a sweatband around my head.

That's right.

I was wondering if you played tennis or.

Yeah no I wear track suits and sweatbands to quit.

I've never had a judge respect me.

Look at my kill bill.

Never.

But listen I don't want to what you asked a great question.

I don't want to be of a marriage counselor.

There's not enough money in that.

Okay.

There's not enough money.

Seems like there's just as much money as being a failed divorce attorney.

I mean do you.

I still get paid a retainer.

Oh okay.

When a divorce goes through or not.

I thought they don't work on commission right.

Like they get 10% or whatever the like they have to see the kids like an hour a week.

They have to babysit the kids.

Okay.

Not everything has to do with birds and babysitting.

Okay.

Just stay in your lane but at the same time get out of it.

All right.

You don't have to remain in your lane.

Yeah.

That's what.

Go.

Anyone would say that to Nathan Lane you think?

Nathan.

Well.

Stay in your lane.

Okay.

What's the deal with this podcast?

I'm sorry.

I'm a big punishment.

You just give names for people's autobiographies.

Stay in your lane.

Okay.

Stay in your lane Nathan Lane.

Okay.

What would you do?

What would you call Meryl Streeps?

Something that's choice.

She treats the fire.

Oh okay.

Streeps the fire like that.

Great.

Nice.

Okay.

Very good.

This is fun.

So who's your case this afternoon?

It is a couple that has been married for 15 years.

Oh okay.

That's I'm used that that's that's long for a.

Well most of us is and this is a fact this isn't comedy happened after 10 years of marriage.

Yeah because that's that's when the wife like really locks in right that's the one she gets all over like.

Finally sees the penis.

What?

That's not that dirty.

No I mean.

She realizes she can't deal with the package.

Is there something to do with after 10 years she gets more money?

Isn't that that a thing or do you wouldn't?

I wouldn't I wouldn't know.

I don't know anything.

I don't know what the hell you're talking about.

I'm looking at the bird.

I don't know.

Never heard.

So my next case is a couple of May married 15 years.

Okay.

Um.

What's the issue?

They just on into each other anymore.

They're just on into each other.

Okay that can happen.

That can happen.

That can happen and they tried they've tried everything they've tried.

They've tried psychedelics.

They've tried um they've tried uh they're.

You're running out of things after psychedelics.

Well is that what you go to first?

Yes I do.

Listen okay so I'm not a marriage counselor by any means.

I do let clients know so I'm not a scammer either.

I do let clients know if you want to get a divorce I do suggest it's going to be costly.

I suggest you try psychedelics in Joshua Tree.

First.

As a preventative step.

It doesn't matter where they live.

A lot of faculty.

It's a get but get the doctor.

Get the doctor.

Get the doctorate.

How ever you can.

Get the doctorate.

Try some psychedelics.

Yeah.

And they tried what they tried the psychedelics and um it didn't happen for them.

It did not happen.

It did not happen for them.

They they they felt they they felt clear than ever that they didn't want to be together anymore.

Okay.

They have a child.

They have agreed to split custody.

That is cut the child in half vertically.

Oh no.

Yeah.

They're going to cut the child and happen.

The the.

Why is this funny to you?

Well I mean I just chipped the babies.

I don't have to do anything like that.

Well that would be terrible for you because then you the chip would be only in one half of the baby.

I'm going to need two chips in that.

When is the chip go?

You should double chippy.

Where exactly does the chip go in the baby?

Just get in the arm fat.

There's an arm fat.

Okay.

What if they're super skinny?

What if they're skinny?

Skinny.

I guess in this goal I don't know.

Oh yes.

Just.

Okay.

I'm like.

Unicorn horn.

Oh a little like a coat hook.

Yeah.

You can put it.

Just get that new apple tech and then you can.

That would probably be a lot simpler.

Yeah.

As invasive.

Do you make your own chips?

I make them I imagine.

What kind do you like lays?

Computer scientists.

You should just be in a computer science business.

I don't know.

It's sort of a side hustle.

Oh guys we're talking about computer chips.

Side hustles do you have?

What's that now?

I should talk about potato chips.

Oh you thought we'd been talking about potato chips this whole time?

Not the whole time.

I'm just a little hungry.

No one offered me anything to eat when I got here.

I know it's 11.30am.

And no one's offered me anything.

The gentleman who escorted me in here.

Do you think if you're on a show any show that you should be offered food?

Really?

Yeah.

Absolutely.

Okay.

Have you ever done Judge Judy?

I don't think I've ever done Judge Judy.

You've never done Judge Judy.

You've got to do Judge Judy.

You've got to get out of the mess until you fuck.

I guess it's a good judge Judy.

No I've just been it's a promotional outlet that I haven't even considered before I guess.

But if I were promoting something it's like why not go on Judge Judy.

Like you know some case some fake case.

You probably ask a lot of questions.

Yeah.

Yeah and I don't know for the questions for me.

Yeah.

None.

So so what are you going to do with this couple who is going to get divorced?

I'm obviously going to pretend to go through the motions and I'm going to try to get them divorced.

I'm going to introduce them to a judge.

One I did hook up with a different one.

Not case law.

Not case law this is different.

Uh Civ Pro.

Civ Pro.

Yeah.

Civ Pro.

Civil procedure.

Oh thank you.

And um and I'm going to introduce them to him.

He's going to do whatever he does.

He does his magic.

He does his little magic.

We do the questions.

I don't like him.

Does his judge say.

I never ask questions.

I actually represent you didn't catch this.

I represent both parties in the divorce.

Oh no I didn't catch that.

So two people paying.

That's a conflict of interest isn't it?

I mean maybe but no one's calling me.

I don't it to you.

I didn't even you wanted me to.

I did not set that.

I'm not setting you up to to to knock me down.

No I'm sorry I didn't catch on on that.

That's something that normally I would.

Yeah I represent both parties.

So he's going to do his little thing.

I'm going to represent both parties.

Did they both come to you at the same time or was it uh.

Did they both come for me at the same time?

Do you get one of them?

No it doesn't work that way.

Usually only one person is coming.

Okay so when when someone.

How often are two people coming for you at the same time?

Be honest.

Everybody anybody?

I yeah I don't even know what we're talking about right now.

Well okay all right then all right uh virgin.

Frickin virgin okay.

I'm married I've had sex once.

One time.

One time the Fuji's.

Oh the Fuji's big fan.

Yeah do what do you think of the Fuji's?

You mentioned big Punisher he was a contemporary of theirs.

Big Punisher big punisher I'm a bigger fan of big Punisher than the Fuji's.

I'm sorry.

Really?

Fuji's only had one album.

One album so did La Reneal one album.

Yeah one done.

One done.

Yeah one for me.

One one one for me.

That's half a Scorsese.

That's so right.

One I like what you did.

I do like that.

You do like that.

Okay sometimes you don't like it but you.

Keep that in there.

We'll tell the introduction.

We're gonna edit everything else out.

Pretty heavy edit on this episode.

Yeah pretty heavy.

I like that part.

So no I just have them.

I have them talk to the judge.

Yeah.

It's incredible what people will pay you to do.

People will pay you to do nothing.

Do you know that?

Yeah.

If you tell them I know how to do a thing.

They won't even check you if you don't do the thing.

Right.

So I have them present their cases before the judge.

The judge asks what's their problem with one another.

She's like he doesn't put the toilet seat down.

He's like she doesn't cook enough.

Whatever.

That comes up in court.

Every time.

One of the biggest causes of divorce beyond irreconcilable differences.

Toilet seats.

Really.

The toilet seats.

Yeah.

So someone once said to me well you know if you complain about the toilet seat.

Being up all the time it's like well why aren't you lifting it after you're done.

You know.

You reframe your brain that way.

It's complaining about it being.

Well if a woman is like every time I go into the toilet seat is up.

I really want to spend some time on this one.

Gaslight.

Yeah this is gaslight and clean a one.

You're the one who's crazy.

You should be lifting it up when you're done with it.

Listen I mean I don't want really solutions for these problems to be on it because then I go out.

Because then you'd be able to look.

I'm building that the people don't get the voice.

Half of marriages end in divorce don't they.

Half of them do end in divorce.

And the other half in death.

In suicide.

Half in suicide.

That's a fact.

Yeah exactly.

Yeah so anyway then the judge listens to them tells them look guys I actually think you can work this out.

Really.

The judge tells them I actually think you can work this out.

This is sif pro.

Oh okay.

Well he's going to do that today.

He says I think you can work this out.

They get all up and arms they start arguing and then they look to me and I'm like hey I'm not the judge.

No further question.

So you just say hey look.

My hand is the judge's recommendation.

It's just the judge when his house.

Right.

You want me to do.

And then they say okay well what can we do to get you to fight with this guy.

And I'm like you can pay me a lot just some of money.

So to fight with the judge.

Okay.

Uh huh.

Yeah.

To fight with the judge.

Fist like like physically fist fight.

I have fist fought.

I have fist fought one judge.

Case law.

Case law and I did fist fight but not in court.

Okay so in court you fist fought a judge.

I did fist fight a judge.

What happened I mean to the bailiff.

I got my jaw.

The bail probably didn't work.

Really.

Like on your style.

I got my Kanye style.

Oh you know through the wire.

Through the wire.

Yeah.

I didn't get my jaw wide shut right now.

That's I don't you what's the opposite of an overbite an underbite.

It's an underbite.

And what's the opposite of an underbite an overbite.

So what if it's to the side.

What if it's totally.

Side bite.

What if it's to the side.

Left side bite.

So yeah I noticed that you're kind of talking about the side of your mouth.

Like you keep picking me apart.

I don't think so.

I look like Angelica from the Rugrats.

Fuck off.

Fuck right.

I've never seen the Rugrats.

Should I check it out.

You should absolutely check it out.

And Angelica looks like you.

Well who's Angelica one of the kids.

Angelica is one of the kids.

They're all kids basically they're all kids.

Is that what the Rugrats is about?

It's about a bunch of kids.

What did you think it was about animals pests.

Yeah.

Who live in a rug.

It's kind of rough living in your house.

Yeah.

It's right there in the title.

No no they're both because they're crawling.

A lot of them are crawling.

Oh okay interesting.

You've never seen the Rugrats spread about.

No no never seen.

Sweater Gina.

Sweater Gina who's Gina from Martin Martin.

Yeah.

Gina from Martin Dam.

Another one I haven't seen.

You've never seen Martin.

Never seen Martin.

Sweater Gina.

Sweater Pam.

Who's Pam.

Also from Martin.

Oh okay.

Okay you really never seen.

I never seen.

I'm sorry no I have a big blind side.

Don't apologize.

Never seen the blind side either.

You've never seen the blind side.

No.

Never.

Ever seen Bird Box.

Did not see Bird Box.

Have you ever seen a Bird Box.

You know what I'm saying.

I have a book is my sister I should say.

What.

Sandra Bullock is your sister.

Tim Bullock I'm Sandra Bullock.

Oh wow.

Wow.

So we haven't used it at all.

Yeah I mean she's just a really sad place to try to drop that.

Yeah.

I didn't really get much of anything.

She was in Bird Box though.

It just was I thought I had to.

A Bird Box fame.

Sandra look a Bird Box.

Bird Box what was that thing.

She saw that Netflix movie.

Yeah.

Yeah she's still the idea from you.

Yeah.

A little box for your bird.

Yeah.

Right.

Well no that's not I don't that's a different movie.

A bird cage a little bird box.

No the bird cage is a different movie.

Bird Box was I think.

What was I saw that I see it.

Bird Box was blindfold scary.

Yeah blindfold scary.

But wait you said you wanted to be a parrot wrangler on set.

I would think Sandra would just like give you a job all the time.

You think but there's not she's not doing a ton of movies with parrots these days.

You think that would be in her contract where it's just like hey you know whatever she just did with Channing Tatum.

Like let it walk across.

My brother needs a gig.

I would I'm just not about using those connections.

Oh yeah.

Big ostrich farm guys really put me off of that stuff so.

He's not big on nepotism I like you.

I work hard for what I got.

Okay.

You have nothing.

I don't have anything at all.

No you have 30 babies to work at.

Oh yeah.

Oh a ton of data.

How much longer is this?

And a computer science business that you shouldn't be starting.

It's okay.

Well gosh bath salts.

Yes I love that.

Can you tell I'm wrapping it up.

Well does my energy is sort of.

Everybody ever asked me I got started.

I asked him how he got started.

Oh because that meant there wasn't going well.

Because when he asked that that's what it means.

Yeah how do you know.

You told me one time the first time I've ever met you.

I met you.

Oh I met you on a dating app.

Oh oh hey.

I don't want to ruin your married situation but I met him on a dating app.

All right well if you did ruin it I know exactly who to call to get me through the divorce process.

Of course you could call me.

All right well bath salts is here.

Also Tim Bullock is here.

Do you need to go outside again.

I'm going to check out.

Try not to make it another 45 minutes.

Don't have like we don't have all afternoon here to do.

Okay I'll try to hurry up.

Check on the babies.

You can check the babies.

Oh god I check on the babies.

All right fine and Jonah Ray is here of MST 3K.

We're going to be right back with more comedy bang bang.

After this.

Comedy bang bang we're back.

We have Jonah Ray of the aforementioned we mentioned it a few times here on the show.

I just want to came out and how many episodes.

But if there's anything else.

Fun.

Yeah.

Fun stuff.

And we also have Tim Bullock.

Thanks for coming back.

Well how are the babies doing.

It's an hour.

Yeah that was even longer.

I did.

I broke it up in a 30 minute session with the babies.

30 minute session looking for Falcon.

Right.

And a different Falcon.

Well what was going on with the babies during those 30 minutes.

They just you know swallowed up.

They were fine.

I mean okay so you got lose tracked it down with the chip.

But how far did it get 30 miles?

Pretty miles really.

Real 30 for 30 guy.

Yeah I mean.

Yeah interesting.

We also have a Batina aka bath salts here.

Just call me bath salts.

What the hell.

I talked about it.

Okay we did talk about it.

We talked about it.

But I rest my case.

How often do you get to say that in court.

That must be so fun.

I don't actually do too much talking.

To be honest.

Really.

Just let the couples do the talking and I do the collecting of the checks.

Right.

Can I ask you a question?

No further.

But sure.

So we're just going to say can you not rest the case on me?

I'm not I'm going to put this on.

I need my briefcase to be somewhere.

I mean.

Yeah we're all sitting down.

I do need my briefcase.

Still been towering above us.

How tall are you by now?

What do you want to ask me to bend down?

No I mean it's just.

I'm 621.

621.

Yes.

That's 7 V.

Do some math.

Go.

Think fast.

7-9.

Get in listening to think of silly.

Well I thought it was just like forced perspective.

Like Indiana Jones and that rock.

But you're actually that tall.

Yes 621.

You know that rock that that boulder was running away from?

I don't know.

I only know one rock.

It was two feet high.

Two feet.

Two feet high.

It was two feet high but the way they filmed it they did.

How many inches is two feet?

Go.

24.

This think is stupid.

Jack Bauer.

Okay no right.

Jack Barrett you did hit.

Then lost.

Also really popular.

Another Jack.

Yeah.

What was it about the 90s or the 2000s?

The 2000s.

The 2000s where people were like let's name a character Jack.

Because Jack's such a classic American name.

And then there's Jack in the box.

That guy.

Yeah Jack.

Yeah.

Don't think we didn't notice when he changed his voice Jack in the box.

Oh god.

Yeah we're paying attention.

Okay I don't care about Jack in the box.

I don't need fast food.

Who do you watch the commercials though?

I don't know I don't I don't watch the commercials I find dying.

I find dying and I find dying and so I have set all my TVs to not show me.

Any kind of fast forward commercial?

Fast food commercials.

Yeah no.

So what does it do automatically?

Skips ahead or what?

Skips ahead it only shows me things like Ruth's Chris.

That's fine dining to you.

Brainforce.

It's expensive.

It's brainforce.

It's incredible.

Brainforce cafes.

I'm the head of steak at Ruth's Chris.

Of course they're great.

Fuck.

But I wouldn't call it fine dining.

It's incredible dining.

It's incredible right?

Tablecloth.

It's great.

Ruth's Chris if you're out there I would love to come back.

I haven't been there in a few years.

Would love to come back.

Do you know that married?

Ruth and Chris.

That's why it's Ruth's Chris.

Wonderful.

Because it's Ruth's Chris.

Ruth's Chris.

She calls her husband.

I think it was a divorce.

I think it was Chris Steghouse.

Did they successfully get a divorce?

Yes and then she got some.

Some portion of the.

She got the good steak.

It's Chris Steghouse.

Now then there's also Ruth's Chris.

Oh okay.

That's why you see Chris Steghouse.

You should actually work in divorce.

Instead of doing the the fun.

The funny.

It's through San City.

Yeah.

All that stuff.

You should do it.

Do some of that stuff.

It seems like it could be.

It seems like a good side hustle.

It'd be great if on the show I don't know who the other characters are.

But if they got divorced.

Oh yeah well I mean there was you know there was a fun.

Okay we have to get to our next guest.

Okay.

All right.

She's a.

Those are the questions.

This is interesting.

She's a water ghost.

Huh that's interesting a water ghost.

Please welcome to the show Cynthia Blake.

Hi.

So nice to meet you.

Hi.

I'm so sorry I got your floor wet.

I've just been.

Oh that's okay.

We can clean that up I think.

I mean that's only I mean that's a little puddle.

That's right.

Well you know it's a.

It wouldn't be an episode of Comedy Bang Bang if there wasn't a little puddle on the floor.

After what I thought.

Oh my god.

I don't know what that.

That's disgusting.

What?

Yeah.

Cynthia Blake you're a water ghost.

Yeah.

So what exactly is that?

Well for those of you who've never heard of water ghost we're the kinds of ghosts who usually hang out in televisions or on phone lines on old DVDs or on used VHS.

Classic water.

Yeah.

And then we the way we sort of apparate into your space is we will present in a huge amount of water like rising up out of the bathtub or you know bursting pipes etc.

And that's because we usually died in a body of water.

Oh.

Yeah.

Great.

Okay.

Yeah.

I've seen these in movies I feel like.

Yeah.

They were real trendy for a short minute.

Yeah.

Like like what the ring is that one or dark water.

Yeah.

The dark water.

Exactly.

Oh okay.

Are you familiar?

Lady in the water.

Yeah.

Lady in the water.

Yeah.

I know a lot about movies because we watch so many of them.

The Grinch.

Did you say the Grinch?

Yeah.

The Grinch.

The Jim Carries Grinch.

Yeah.

I feel like maybe who's a ghost.

Was he a ghost?

You think he's a ghost, Tim?

Yeah.

It's a boogie.

He has a dog though.

A dog.

You can have a dog.

Yeah.

Ghosts can definitely have a dog.

They can.

I'm an expert on this.

Oh.

Ghost can have any number of familiar birds, dogs, cats.

Oh boy.

You're speaking Tim's language.

Oh no.

I'm listening now.

Oh no.

Wait.

So you weren't listening before.

I really turned out but I was guessing with the kind of picture.

So everything you asked her.

Was that right?

Yes.

You were very successful.

Oh.

Yeah.

Wow.

So yeah.

I passed away in 1982.

Oh congratulations.

Thank you so much.

And my.

How old were you?

Do you mind me asking?

You were eight.

I was eight.

So I still appear as eight but I'm now in my eight 40s.

Yeah.

Do you mind if we ask how it happened?

Well, so that's the thing.

I can't tell you how it happened.

I can tell you it happened in the Hollywood reservoir.

But I can't return to my place of murder because they drained the reservoir in the water.

Right.

It's gone now.

So like I can't.

You know, like I'm.

They drained the Hollywood reservoir.

They drained it and then they re- They re-filled it back up.

They re-filled it back up.

Oh, okay.

So my water's gone.

I can't.

I cannot go.

No.

It's in our house.

It's just beautiful there.

Yeah.

Wait.

So it sounds like it was a murder.

If you died at the- Oh.

Yeah.

Do you remember anything or did you just like black out and then wake up as a ghost?

I mean, again, I cannot give any details about how I died because that's the whole hook.

Okay.

Oh.

Okay.

I think we have to go on a journey.

I can maybe like hint at it.

Sure.

Yeah.

So, um, so Hollywood Toy and Costumes.

Right.

Over there on Hollywood Boulevard.

Yeah.

I bought a pirate scabbard timer too there.

It's for a show.

Twice.

You can just hold on to it the first time.

Well, I would throw it away.

Oh yeah.

They're only like five bucks.

So I was at Hollywood Toy and Costumes.

Okay.

And then I saw like a funny clown.

And then now I'm a ghost.

So I think you can sort of like.

Yeah.

Fill in the blanks with context clues.

Yeah.

I don't want to because you told me you can't give away those details.

Right.

That's the whole hook of it.

Yeah.

So I want to respect that totally.

You're a lawyer.

You could do this.

Yes.

You could solve the.

Well, I know.

Well, I do divorce isn't even then not really.

But she's divorced from her life.

Yeah.

In a way.

All right.

Sure.

I can maybe get you back together with your life.

Oh, that would be.

Well, I do.

Horribly bloated.

Yeah.

Would you even want to be alive now?

I mean, what with Elon Musk is buying Twitter.

Yeah.

Doesn't that make you not?

I want to be alive.

Is that true?

That's why.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

That's happening.

I can never.

I appear in screens.

I can never see what's on them, which is why I'm in your show.

I'm so sorry.

Yeah.

It's OK.

I mean, you know, maybe if someone sets up the screen in a reflection.

So if there's like a mirror.

So if there's a mirror on the other side.

Is that complicated?

I'm not complicated.

I would put a mirror facing a television.

Just sometimes you want to expand the.

Usually it's people are facing the television.

It's not mirrors.

Right.

But if it's like on the wall behind you, it's very possible.

If you want to.

It's like a police interrogation of a television.

Yeah.

Like a two-way mirror?

Is that what you're saying?

You have a small apartment.

If you have a small apartment.

And say you're in the kitchen.

Small apartment.

You want to cook.

It's called small apartment.

You want to still see the kitchen.

This guy's living in a small apartment.

Is it a small apartment?

Yeah, because someone fucking watches the show.

Oh my god.

Guys got to watch the show get this guy out of his box apartment.

With mirrors on the walls.

No one knows about it.

Go back to having three TV shows instead of just the one.

Yeah.

It was good size.

I had three years ago.

It was great for me.

Watch this guy's shows.

I don't want to ask too many questions.

But you say there was a clown.

Yeah.

Just remember the clown you went into the shop.

Yeah.

And there was a clown.

Well, I remember everything.

I just can't tell.

You can't tell us.

Yeah.

We have to put it together.

Wait.

So if we guess how you died then you.

Absolutely.

Before we get to that, I just have questions about the process of everything.

OK.

Wait.

So you're a water ghost.

Why are you living in VHSs and stuff?

I don't want a lot of electronics.

Yeah.

What is that about?

Well, you know, in olden times, ghosts used to appear by telegram.

They used to appear by phone messages, like spooky over sound, like the crackles.

Oh, I see.

I thought you meant the cereal.

Yeah.

It's basically like where's pop in this situation?

Yeah.

I'm just.

This is a pop erasure, and I won't stand for it.

It's basically what technology can get us into the most homes so that we can get our crime solved.

OK.

And so, you know, like VHS tapes, it's hugely popular.

What about TikTok?

That would be a way now to erase that.

Do you live here on TikTok?

What do you do appear on TikTok?

Streaming platforms?

Streaming platforms.

What about Vine?

Vine.

Oh, man.

Vine was so great.

So great for so long.

I was stuck there for six seconds at a time.

It was so good.

It's so hard to get your message out.

My space.

OK.

What was that about an app?

It was a.

Yeah, no.

Do you appear in apps?

Like, you know, like.

Yeah, we have to have lots of and lots.

Like, we can't just show up.

Lots and lots of people, yeah.

On like an app that nobody's.

Yeah.

So it's like for like a beloved show from the 90s.

Like, that would be enough probably.

Yeah, of course.

Of course.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

OK, great.

Yeah.

Well, as soon as that hits the top 10 in like the app store.

Yeah.

Let her know as soon as that happens.

As soon as that happens, I'll send my ghost friends.

OK, great.

Yeah.

Just keep an eye out for it.

You know, the Gizmo Plex.

It's a mystery science theater.

Everything is next.

OK, great.

We'll definitely keep an eye out for that.

Yes.

So OK, so now that that's out of the way.

I think I understand.

Yeah.

Now we can get to guessing about how you die.

I mean, you can.

We don't have to solve it today.

Oh, really?

I love it too.

But if we do, then.

If we hit on it, what happens?

Do you get free at that point?

Do you become a human again?

Again.

You'd have to return me to my body of water.

Oh, which is on.

Which is.

It's evaporated.

Where does the.

It was drained.

So that water had to go somewhere.

I had to go somewhere.

Where does the aqueduct lead to from the Hollywood reservoir?

It goes down into.

Into homes.

Into my above ground pool.

Oh, wait.

You have an above ground pool?

I have an above ground.

I've got a few.

Well, I'm in the office.

Several?

The Hollywood reservoir.

It's actually in Whittier.

It's in Whittier.

And there is an aqueduct that runs.

From the reservoir.

Parallel to the 710.

Sure.

What are you over there on Lucerna Drive?

Over there in Whittier.

Yeah, on Lucerna Drive.

Yeah.

But I'm not going to put my address on this podcast.

You're down.

Are you down?

Yeah.

No, the full above ground pools.

I have multiple above ground pools.

Like that kind of wiggly kind.

It kind of looks like.

Well, no, no.

There's the sturdy kind.

And it looks like the Olympic rings, but they're not connected.

Oh, OK.

So like if you were doing an aerial view, like a Falcon Eye view.

A Falcon Eye view.

That's for you.

It would look like the Olympics.

If the Olympics were all like, Hey, everyone.

Like, let's separate.

Separate.

Separate, but equal.

Yeah.

When did you fill these pools up?

What year did you put these pools?

1982.

Oh my god.

This could be the original water.

Oh, 1982.

That is the same year that Cynthia does.

Cynthia.

Yeah.

I think we could get you back.

All right.

So all we have to do is solve how I died.

You were saying a clown?

Did it?

I couldn't call her.

I couldn't call her a clown.

She didn't say that.

She saw a clown.

Now when you say a clown, is this an actual circus?

Clown, just like an asshole.

Guy who's just like ex goofy.

Yeah, real jerk.

OK.

Jerk.

OK.

Wait, you ask these questions.

Wait, so it's just a jerk.

Like a pain in the neck.

Yeah.

And it's just some guy.

And you're in Hollywood, correct?

Yeah, that's right.

And your last name is what?

Blake.

Great thing.

Is there some kind of guy that's not a good guy?

The last name Blake.

You always got to look at the family first.

Right?

You're a boy.

Yeah.

But I'm going to put there always whatever.

But I mean, there is a guy.

Jonah, maybe you know him.

Robert Blake.

Were you related to?

I assume I know him.

Oh, I can't see.

But I could say warmer or colder.

Blake.

I say warmer or colder.

Warmer.

OK.

Oh, wow.

OK.

Blake Griffin.

Yeah.

Also warmer.

Hold on.

There's a way first name Blake.

Robert Blake.

And Blake Blake.

Blake Blake.

Blake Anderson.

Blake Lively.

Oh, you know it.

From the sisterhood of the traveling pants.

It was born in 1982.

Oh, wow.

What?

I think you guys might be onto something.

Maybe Blake is a code.

Oh, I don't know what that means.

Blackie.

Lakes.

Blackie.

Yeah.

I'm not going to.

Wait.

I didn't say that.

You did.

You said it.

I got to cut it out.

Cut it out.

No, keep that part.

Keep that part.

Yeah, keep that part, please.

Uh, but look, uh, I don't know.

Did you trip?

Yeah.

I did trip.

How many guesses do we do?

I didn't really get it.

I didn't really infinite.

It's OK.

48 years I've been.

I was eight years old.

So we just get to.

But do we have to get every detail or do we just get the general part of it?

If you can get the general part of how I got from this.

The Toy Store.

Where you saw a clown.

Do you want to say some real jerk?

A real fun food.

I'm not sure.

That's how it would choice to the highwood reservoir.

That's about a 15 minute drive.

You go up Kewinga.

But you say you're sure you can drive?

30 minutes spread.

No, the list doesn't look like this podcast only from Los Angeles.

It's just a first time.

Just a chair.

Well, what I'm saying is you're.

You go up Hollywood to Kewinga.

Then you take Kewinga probably over.

That's a hard turn on Kewinga.

Maybe go up.

You know.

Probably to.

A pom.

I go up to San Marco and then twist around.

Yeah, that's a good route.

That's fun too.

It's a windy guy.

Anyway.

Okay, so you're my order.

Okay, I just have to stop and ask you something.

Yeah.

I'm kind of embarrassed that I have to ask this.

What do you do for your skin?

Because it looks amazing.

Oh, thank you so much.

Is it the water?

It's hard to put it.

So when you are underwater physically for 40 years, you really get a nice.

I don't think you would get pruning.

You get a moisturizing effect.

Oh, okay.

When I first come out of the water, it's horrible.

It's like, her forehead.

Again, Nestle crunch, not a raisin.

No, I'm not going to bend down.

You bend over.

Oh my gosh.

When I first come out of the water, I look like sort of like a wet trash bag.

But then over the course.

You look like a dry trash bag.

Yeah, over the course of the next few hours, the skin dries out, but it stays moist.

I highly recommend Face Down and Anybody of Water for as long as you can.

Why are everyone trying to get your face down?

Face Down now.

It's a funny talk.

Nestle, yes, podcast.

Is moaning, Myrtle?

You never got a chance to read Harry Potter.

I would have been.

Or can Ghost Read?

Well, we can read over people's shoulders and we mostly do.

Oh, okay.

So do you ever read one of those Harry Potter books written by that notorious turf?

Yes, I did read.

I feel like with a lot of things, she kind of does things without attribution.

And moaning, Myrtle is clearly a water ghost, but at no point in the book, does she ever refer to Myrtle as a water ghost.

Yeah, what do you think of the name Cho Chang?

You ever come across that when you're reading over a shoulder?

You know, you're not.

Pretty cool.

I agree with all the stuff.

Are you looking at him?

You can read books over people's shoulders, but you can't watch like, TV over someone's shoulders.

If there's a screen in the room, I'm in the screen.

But what if they have a screen across the room next to the mirror?

What if there's another screen on like...

Oh, are you asking if I ping pong back and forth between mirrors and television?

Where did you go inside the one screen across the room and watch the screen on the other side of the room?

Again, do you have a mirror pointed at your television?

Yeah.

It makes the room bigger.

They live in a little apartment.

These are not just shows.

These rules should be rhyming, I think.

If there's a screen in the room, it means you're doomed.

You do.

Yeah.

That's great.

That would be great to have like water ghost rules like that, where we could all remember.

Well, yeah.

If there's a screen in the room, you're doomed.

Right.

It's just like your life is not good.

What?

Is that what it's called?

It's crazy to go with the mirror.

Okay.

Because we did save rhyme.

And that is something that he established.

Well, if there's a screen in the room, it means you're doomed because you're in the screen and you're going to write.

Correct.

Yeah.

So that's easy to remember.

Um, green.

If there's not a screen...

If there's not a screen, you're basically clean.

You're right.

Yeah.

That's good.

Good stuff.

Still not screen.

So are we getting warmer, colder?

Yeah.

I mean, on making room?

Have we solved this?

Up to you.

Okay.

Here's my theory.

Yeah.

Is this...

Do we delay out a theory?

Like it's like we're like, Q-O-Poy-Roe or something like that.

But you get extra points if you do it.

Like you've just cracked it.

Oh, okay.

All right.

Everyone, thank you for coming.

I'm glad that you all came here.

And the reason that you're here is because I know who killed Cynthia Blake.

Ah.

That's right.

She was in Hollywood toy in costume.

Which as we all know, is just off of Hollywood Boulevard.

If you were to get there from probably from the north, I would take the 405 to the 101 to Highlands and then make a ride on Hollywood.

You could probably, there's not a lot of parking on the street.

So you got a parking lot that's right there on Wilcox.

And she was there trying to buy a costume for her little self because Halloween was coming up.

And then she saw a clown inside the store.

What kind of clown?

Type of clown.

A circus clown.

Oh, wait.

And she decided to run away and join the circus.

And she became a very famous trapeze artist flying around in front of crowds touring Europe.

We still going to do the warmer, colder thing?

Or is he going to?

Freezing cold.

Freezing cold, what?

As soon as you said, like, girl towards the dagger?

As soon as you said circus, clown, it was negative 10 degrees.

Alright, someone else took a crack.

He was a rule buffoon.

You got to remember that.

I love you.

If you ever tried crack.

It's soooooo...

You tried crack as a ghost?

Yeah.

I mean like...

There's ghost crack?

Cracks in windows, cracks in the pavement.

Any crack, creepy crack.

Crack wasn't around when she died.

Okay, crack wasn't around.

It's not in any of the books she's read.

I was just giving a shot if we're just taking stabs at it.

Yeah, please.

That's spooky.

The year is 1982.

Yes.

So...

Yeah.

A little girl is looking for a costume at Hollywood toy and costume.

Yes.

Which is of course in Hollywood.

I would go down Wilcox, I think.

You go down Wilcox from Hollywood, Hollywood, Highland area.

Hollywood, Hollywood.

You'd make a ride on Franklin.

Off of Franklin.

Okay, got it.

Take a look by that little coffee shop.

You know, as a...

From a bird's eye view, we can do a straight line, we can get there.

We're not doing bird's eye view.

We're just from here.

No, we're getting there by car using it.

Okay, car.

Well, as the crow flies, we're not...

We're not talking about crow either, Jonah.

Who is that?

How are you trying to get in there?

It's going to be good.

I was just chance that I would just put the blinkers on in like a yellow or red zone and then just run in and try to get what I'm getting.

Try...

Well, I don't know what's dangerous on Hollywood Boulevard.

It seems to me like there's a lot of parking enforcement out there.

Oh yeah, you get a ticket.

Probably getting a ticket.

But you know, if you're an eight-year-old, you ride your bike down there.

Oh, okay.

You don't have to worry about cars.

And then I'm assuming this clown, you know, this real jerk character.

Real oaf.

Real asshole.

It's doing some sort of side hustle.

Do they call them side hustles back in 1982?

Or they said you were really...

No, but I'll let it slide.

Okay.

You can solve...

If you can solve the murder and still use the phrase side hustle, that's okay with me.

Yeah.

And it's sort of this side hustle of...

I don't know how much money you can make on the black market with...

Well, I can speak to that.

I can speak to that.

I can speak to the...

What's going on in the black market these days?

Well...

Because inflation is bad there.

I can't talk to over the white people.

Well, what's going on in the black market, to be honest with you.

It's kind of secret.

But anyway, yeah.

Okay.

And I think there's a moment where this clown thinks that they could make a buck or two selling, I don't know, organs.

And so, of course, they try to take Cynthia and along the way, she sort of falls out into a sewer.

She falls out of the car into a sewer?

Yeah, sort of like Leslie Nielsen-esque, or naked gun moment of okay...

Just bouncing around.

And then right into the...

Thunk.

Right into a sewer.

And maybe sliding into it.

Yeah, a lot of grease.

She sort of greased up from some sort of Halloween costume.

Like trying to get her Halloween costume on.

Yeah, like in a scuba style.

And she shot up the...

Shot right into the sewer.

Is that...

What do we think of Tim?

Well, I did say that it was the two things I gave you.

The only one toy costume in the Hollywood reservoir.

And you'd said sewers.

So then it's not a...

Yeah, just qualified there.

That's a good working answer.

Yeah.

But you know the truth is that like, in the longer I've been a ghost, the happier I am to be here.

Yeah.

And I'm kind of dreading the day that somebody actually solves the case.

Well, I mean, you've gotten to see so many things.

I mean, well, wait a minute.

I've seen the same things.

Because I'm a little bit older.

So it's really not that great.

Yeah, what?

I mean, the things I've seen kind of suck.

The world's changing very quickly.

I guess.

Like what?

Well, um...

Like, what's a ghost's perspective on the way the world is changing?

Okay, so there's a lot more screens now.

So there's a lot more places to haunt.

That's good.

That's good for you.

But people are so desensitized to the things that are showing up on the screens that it's really hard to scare people.

Oh yeah, I can only imagine.

Like after January 6th, nobody was scared of anything that I was doing for like a couple of months.

Yeah, it's like the real world is.

So it's so terrifying.

It got really bleak.

Yeah.

It'd skip you like an ad.

Yeah.

It just swiped you up.

Yeah.

Um, so, you know, those are some of the major changes I've seen.

Just more screens?

Yeah, more screens.

You said like you said a lot of things and then...

But turn out, you just said the one.

Well, in my head, I was actually imagining all of the screens.

So it was all that.

Oh yeah, no, so we were getting through all of those.

It's like, yeah, I understand.

Well, you've been around for a long time.

How do you feel like the world's changing?

That's a big...

You're older than me.

I'm just gonna say...

Baffina.

Hey, bath salts to you.

Bath salts?

Yeah.

What about you?

What do you think, I mean, the world has changed so...

I mean, 60 years old, you say?

You're really gonna value the question to me?

You've been around since 1962?

Yeah.

What's it to you, Scott?

I mean, you saw...

You saw John F. Kennedy?

I saw John F. Kennedy in concert.

What was he doing?

Reading his famous speeches?

Ask not, etc.

Yeah, ask not.

Ask not.

He closed with asking.

Oh man, I would have killed this.

And the knock was performance of it.

Odyssey did ask not like three times.

We kept being like...

That's what they...

Yeah, one hit wonders.

That's what they do.

They have to keep doing it at the beginning of the show and at the end of the show.

But we checked, we begged him to do it again.

He did it again.

Yeah, he was great that way.

Yeah.

What's that?

He was great that way.

Yeah, yeah, good guy.

He is a miserable ghost.

He's around as a ghost?

Well, nobody solved his murder yet, so he's still...

He's trying to hide around.

So it wasn't either Oswald or Jack Ruby?

Absolutely not.

Whoa.

Wait, was it Jack Ruby that got it killed Oswald?

Yeah, and I always thought he had some to do it in.

No, he's fine.

Oh yeah, those are a couple of clowns, if you ask me.

Oh, real jerks.

Yeah, so clowns could be just assassins.

Clown could be anything.

Do you have a theory about...

About what's happened to our girl Cynthia?

Yeah.

Okay, so she's eight years old, trying to find a little costume goes to Hollywood.

Are we close on that?

Were you there to find a costume?

Yeah, absolutely.

Oh, was it almost Halloween?

Yeah.

I would like for you to say warmer, warmer, warmer, colder.

Okay, great, great.

Okay, whatever you...

Every word, every two words.

How often do you want this?

As you see fit.

So, did I get a costume?

You're looking...

Okay, too much.

She hasn't used to continue.

Sexual ghost too.

And yeah, trying to find a little costume.

Okay, we said...

Hey, you...

You've...

There's a few times.

The warmers are not throwing me on, so actually just tell me at these hands.

Okay, okay, okay.

Okay, yeah, you're in the witch aisle, because you're looking for a witch.

You want to be a witch.

So you've got...

Okay, now she's shaking her head.

Oh, okay, okay, okay, cold up.

Okay, cold up.

Well, this is 1982.

Okay, I don't...

You know, I don't think...

The game even matters, what?

What, no, you want to be...

You want to be E.T. dear?

Oh, yes.

You want to be...

She said the movie was dropping June of that year.

Yeah.

Okay, you want to tell me...

It's Halloween.

Okay, great, understood.

It dropped.

How do you know when E.T. dropped?

Because I co-cooped.

You...

Wait, you were just googling when E.T. dropped?

I was texting my phone the whole time.

I said, what happened in 1982?

Just what happened?

What happened?

What went wrong?

Come on, you find out.

I found out the Cynthia Blake was murdered.

That's right.

Brody.

Marmer.

Searching for a clown costume.

You stopped...

This is where...

There's a little bit of a wordplay going on here.

Okay, I like that.

You were looking for a clown costume, and in that aisle was the clown, but not dressed as a circus clown, the jerk.

Warmer.

You thought he actually worked there.

Oh, boy.

You thought he was an employee.

Because he's wearing a costume.

Yes, yes.

You were tugging on his pant leg.

You said, Mr. Mr. I'm trying to find a clown costume.

Mr. Mr. also put out their song, Curie Haile-Lazon, in 1982.

And so, you tugged on him.

He said, I don't work here.

Beat it, kid.

And then you were like Michael Jackson Thriller, 1982.

You started doing the dance.

It's like you were even there.

Uh-huh.

And then, by the way, I neglected to tell a certain part of the stories, which is, this entire Blake did ride her bike down.

She actually took Selma.

She took Selma?

Selma onto Cherokee.

On a bike?

On a bike.

Selma onto Cherokee.

Oh, that's dangerous.

That's a hard left to make on a bike.

On the Cherokee.

She could have been a street ghost if you would have.

I know, but she made it in.

She made it in.

Anyway, she starts doing the Michael Jackson dance.

This guy.

Because the guy told her to beat it.

Because you didn't beat it.

She starts doing the Michael Jackson.

She was like, I get it.

Actually, I get it.

Beat it.

But she starts doing the Thriller dance and not a beat.

She had a future as an improviser.

But this guy could have liked it.

Howie was coming up.

She was a Halloween was approaching.

Okay.

So, this guy, he told her to beat it.

She started doing the dance.

He.

And then he was, yeah, exactly.

He was warmer.

Warm up.

Okay.

So, she started doing the dance.

He's getting kind of pissed off.

Then he joins.

But he's gonna stop.

And he joins.

He joins because if you can't beat him.

Oh, he can't beat it.

But then he really can't beat it.

And he starts embarrassing himself.

There's a clerk.

A clerk comes in.

It's like, her is better than yours.

Oh, God.

This is embarrassing.

Well, damn.

Anyway, he pretends to be chill about it.

He goes.

He pretends to be chill.

But he's just dying.

But then the clerk says, she asked the clerk, where's your clown costumes?

Clerk points it out.

The man who was in the aisle, the jerk.

The jerk clown.

Yeah, the jerk.

Yeah.

He sees that at the register.

He says, hey, you know what, kid?

I've got to give it to you.

Your beat it was better than mine.

So he's accepted at this point.

What's wild about this is, all the time that people have been training this on my murder, nobody's actually figured out the conversation tag on the day.

Yeah.

She's dead on at this point.

Yeah, so far.

So accurate.

Your beat is better than mine.

All right?

Okay.

And so he sees she's riding a bike.

He says, that's a, how'd you get here?

She says, I took Samma on Cherish.

He says, that's a hard bike.

You're gonna end up dead.

She know that sounded like a protective statement.

But really he was going to kill him.

What?

He's a clown?

Killed the jerk clown.

The jerk clown?

The jerk clown.

I never saw his comment.

He was like, you know what, what do you say?

I've got a pickup truck.

Why don't you throw your bike in the bed of my truck?

I will drive you wherever you're headed.

She says to him.

Don't get in the truck.

I live.

Well, yeah, well, she's, she lives in palms.

New covers of palms?

This is my sister.

She drove her bike to Hollywood.

Are they taking?

Toink.

Her street spec at what time of day?

Yeah.

This is, yeah.

Well, I don't want to guess time of day because God forbid I get colder.

Okay.

So far you're just, yeah, you're incredibly hot.

Steve, dead on.

Steven Hot.

Thank you finally, you acknowledge me Scott.

So throw the jerk.

I'm not gonna do that.

You, you bend over.

I'll put down when you bend over.

Anyway, he drives her to, he starts, he starts to pretend he does a fake out.

He actually does.

He does a fake out on the driving.

Where are you getting me?

I'm getting me.

She turns it out.

You have a gift for this.

But Tensey's heading west on Hollywood.

How does he do the fake out?

He just acts like he puts on the turn signal.

He acts like he turned.

He's gonna turn.

He's gonna turn left.

Left.

Exactly.

He acts like he.

That's a risky maneuver.

He puts on the turn signal.

She's like, did you do it?

She's not paying attention.

Oh.

Because she thinks she's heading home.

He doesn't mix a sharp right.

Heads to the reservoir.

Dumps in there.

She's dead.

Done.

It's a done deal.

No one ever hears from her or him again.

She drowned.

And all because she did the beat of dance better?

Better him.

Better guy.

And the tugging on his pants.

They were still.

That's, I mean, they were still good.

They were still pants.

I got it.

Well.

Am I cold or what?

Cynthia?

I'm free.

You can be honest.

Oh.

Everyone inhaled, but I actually- So all I need to do is ride home with you and get thrown in your pool.

And then I can go home.

Oh.

All he is.

The day I took a Uber.

I took a Uber.

Oh.

It's not a new Uber pool.

Yeah.

I mean, going to a pool, which is the ironic part.

I know.

Can any of you give this young lady a ride?

I mean, I rode my bike here.

Yeah.

I'm looking for a Falcon for probably a couple hours after this.

30 hours.

OK.

So that's OK.

That's OK.

It's been 40 years.

I was like, what's another 40?

Yeah.

40 for 40.

Certainly somebody who's listening to this show or perhaps watches yours.

We'll hear about this.

And then we'll return me to your pool.

Yeah.

Or if you have any of this Hollywood Reservoir pool from the 80s, any of the water from it.

I'm a goat.

I mean, like, water just- I can't- What do you- Oh, it's just stupid.

Can you imagine like a ghost carrying a cup around?

No.

I'm saying- If a listener has some water.

Oh.

Oh, yeah.

That would work.

Yeah.

In this DVD copy I have of Ghost in the Machine.

And then she could take it home when they're in the Uber a lot easier.

Yeah.

Would that work out?

I mean, inside the party.

Oh, why are you carrying this cup in the machine?

Are you doing that movie for whatever your show is called?

It's called Mr. Science here through Thousand.

And I would love to do Ghost in the Machine.

But some of the movies we got are Munchy.

Dom De Louise does a voice in it.

There's a lot of fun movies we're doing.

OK.

Sorry.

Hop in on DVD.

Do you have a DVD player?

I do have the DVD player, but here's the thing.

As far as taking the DVD to my house.

It's a big ass.

It's a big ass thing.

Everyone will look.

Everyone's going to look at you like white.

No one's going to see me because I'm going to be in an Uber.

And I also have- But you have a talking point with the Uber driver?

Well, no.

No, my suitcase is already 49 pounds.

Oh, yeah.

If I put anywhere, before you get an Uber, I'm going to be in your treasure- Also, if you were to see someone walking down the street with a DVD in their hands, well, you would think they were- Who's this fucking jerk off?

Yeah, exactly.

No, no, no.

But if it's ghost in the machine, then- OK.

I don't know.

Do you tell what it is from just a loose DVD?

Is it both sides standard format and- Is it dual disc?

Yeah, dual disc.

No, you just put it on your finger.

And then you just kind of- But you have- If you saw someone walking down the street with a DVD or in their finger, their finger in the hole in the center of a DVD- What am I going to smudge?

The back of the DVD, you idiot?

I don't know.

I think you would think they're a weirdo, you know?

I mean, yes.

Again, maybe if it was any other movie besides ghost in the machine, it would be like, who's this weirdo?

Oh, shit.

Never mind.

Can you travel from screen to screen though?

Yes.

Yeah, but you have to turn it on and hope I'm not there.

And then I- Oh, the hoping you're not there is part of it.

Right, so I think that's prohibitive in this case because you'd be clearly hoping I was there so that we could return- Oh, yeah.

Although maybe you're not hoping that she's there.

I'm kind of hoping she's not there because I do enjoy my Ruth Kris commercials without interrupting.

But come on, maybe this is the first case you finally close on.

I've made so much money, not closing cases.

Yeah, but this is like a zero loss- How often are you dining at Ruth's Kris?

I've ate at Ruth's Kris at least four times a week.

The manager knows me.

How are your arteries, by the way?

How's your cholesterol?

They're big.

The big cholesterol's big as well.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Well, Cynthia, gosh, I wish we could help you out.

Yeah, I was really close this time.

I'm really glad we solved your murder though.

I never saw that coming.

The clown did it.

Yeah.

Clown.

Crazy.

Yeah.

And if I had gone back into my pool of water, you probably would have seen the empty tank, the black E.

See, I don't want the top on the what?

On the pickup truck, you would have zoomed in on it.

Oh, that's what her last name?

Oh, oh.

Is your last name black E or Blake?

Because I said it Blake, but I'm looking at it now.

Is it black E?

Okay, well, look, we're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

It's a little something that we call plugs.

Tell us your plugs.

What do you have to say?

When do they occur tomorrow or today?

Tell us the time and place.

Let us put it so pay.

Oh, that was please tell us by a shiny object.

Thanks to a shiny object.

We've had a lot of songs from a shiny object.

That one was really nice.

Well, what are we plugging guys?

Obviously Jonah.

Mystery.

Mystery science.

Science theater.

Mystery science theater 3000.

3000.

Meets.

Play should day, Pat, non-swans.

And all the episodes are out.

Now, we're putting them out once a month on the platform.

And people can...

Yeah, you can like...

How do you download an app?

You go to the app store.

Wait, what?

How do you download an app?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, great.

Yeah.

No, it's like a go to the app store.

Yeah.

You go to the app store and then you just search MST 3K.

You just do it for me.

No, but all right.

Tim Bullock, what do we want to plug?

I want to plug a podcast I listened to while sprinting around town looking for my Falcon.

All right.

Wait, you listened to this while you're looking for your...

Yeah.

So in these breaks, you take it in here, the Falcon.

You were listening to other podcasts while we were waiting for you to come back during the breaks?

Yeah, it took 30 minutes to listen to a different chunks of a podcast.

Okay.

I don't know.

Which podcast is this?

It's called Rotating Heroes Podcast.

It's on Patreon.

It's short D&D arcs.

Last one just had Dan Lippert and Rekoshankar.

And Jacob Weisocki.

Good people playing Dungeons & Dragons.

Dungeons & Dragons.

Okay.

Sounds pretty cool.

Hey, it's awesome.

Okay.

Bath salts.

What do you want to plug here?

Divorce.

The concept of divorce.

Get into it.

Get in there.

What do you think about a guy like me?

You should do it.

You think so?

You should do it.

I don't know.

You should do it.

Go for it.

I kind of feel all in at this point.

Give me a retainer.

You're wearing a retainer by the way too.

Is that what you're talking about?

I can't imagine I speak so well with it.

No list.

Because I wear it every day.

I wear it every day.

I got my braces off in 1991.

Oh really?

When you were 30.

Into the math.

29 or something.

Sure.

Interesting.

Nothing else.

Nothing.

No, I don't watch TV.

So if you're trying to ask me to plug a TV show, I'm not going to do it.

There was this show that Elon Musk hosted.

Twitter.

No, no, no.

But was he hosted?

He hosted a show.

Yeah, he was like a talk show.

Yeah, because there was a lot of talking on it.

If that's where you're talking about it.

But did he sit down in interview people?

I don't know.

I can't remember really.

No idea what you're talking about.

All right.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Although I do know he played Mario, which is a person or Wario.

Wario.

Wario who's on a video game.

And Cindy.

I know that.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Cindy Blake, what do you want to plug?

Speaking of video games.

Well, yeah, there is this.

I can listen to podcasts because they don't appear on a screen.

Oh, good.

Unless somebody's staring at the screen while listening to the podcast.

Oh, that's ironic.

Yeah, no.

But are they checking Twitter while they listen to a podcast?

How's it?

What if that's happening?

Well, that's rough because then I'm on their Twitter, but I can't see their Twitter.

I can only look at them.

Oh, god.

This is too complicated.

Yeah.

But you have heard podcasts?

I have heard podcasts.

I really like this one.

That's on the same network called Get Played.

Oh, it's a video game podcast with three real losers, but they're lovable.

And yeah, that would be the thing.

I would plug that in your bathtub so that I can appear in the water.

Oh, good.

Yeah, fantastic.

Well, I want to plug.

Hey, I mentioned it last week and Comedy Bang Bang going on tour the entire month of August.

We'll be out there going to a city near you.

I don't know if I have any information about that.

As of this recording, but maybe the information is out there, or it's coming very, very soon.

So look for us and just basically block out all of August for us.

And I know we're only going to be in whatever town you're in for one day, but don't make any plans for August yet.

Also, I want to plug obviously cbbworld.com.

We have some great, great shows out there.

We have, we just did some a new episode of Hey Randy with Randy Snut, C. has his own show. And of course, this book changed my life with Lily Sullivan.

She's doing a monthly show and Full Throttle with Bob Duga.

That was the third episode of that was quite a ride.

So go check out cbbworld.com if you subscribe for a year.

You get two months free and it has all the archives of this show and all add free episodes.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Can you sing the beginning of that song?

Take one and you put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much.

I'll draw you open up the plug bag.

Let open it up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

Oh, I open up the plug bag.

Open it up the plug bag as I said you can.

Can you open up your heart?

The connection is made.

Open up the plug bag.

Wow, amazing.

Did I sing that in perfect pitch?

I think so.

Crazy.

A connection is made by ElastiClaud.

Thank you so much for that boy.

Great work on that combining two different episodes, people singing on two different episodes.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Jonah.

Always great to see you and what an honor to have you as the inaugural guest on the Comedy Bang Bang interview.

Do you feel you learned anything from that segment?

Yeah, I mean, you have three episodes out already, I believe.

And there's some sort of an app that I don't know how to download, but you'll do that for me when we're done.

Sure, sure.

Cynthia Blake.

No, yes, Cynthia Blake.

I looked at you, but I'm not you.

Cynthia Blake, it's great to...

Hello, Cynthia, are you all right?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Are you okay?

What's going on?

I was trying to will myself to one of those pools and just wasn't working.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Maybe if someone set up a projector outside the pool.

You know, like some sort of a screen and a DVD projector or something like that.

What do you think about this, bath salts?

Maybe you could set out an outdoor home theater?

I'm not technically savvy, but if any of you want to come over and do that, I'm open to it.

Maybe the Geek Squad could come over.

Yeah.

Geek Squad a lot, are you in constant contact with them?

I know a lot of those guys by name, yeah.

Yeah, I bet.

There's James.

Oh, yeah.

There's probably a Jack, just like Jack Bauer.

Or Jack Shepherd.

Shepherd, was that his name?

Yeah, Jack Shepherd.

You know what's interesting about that show is he was almost like a shepherd leading all the people on the island to heaven eventually.

Yeah.

Yeah, spoiler.

I never saw it.

I couldn't watch it.

Oh, did you, you never got to see the final episode?

No, I didn't.

Don't bother.

Okay.

Tim Bullock, what more can be said?

I mean, just keep your eyes peeled.

Keep your eye on the sky.

If you're a listener out there, if you see a hawk, what do you suggest they do?

Yeah, to me, Aphrodite, and make sure you have a very thick leather glove on.

They're very expensive.

Maybe dipped in Falcon Seaman, you know, with that.

Dipping in Falcon Seaman, for sure.

Okay.

And do you want me to help out with you here?

Yeah, if you got 30 minutes after this to just walk around.

It's just 30 minutes to walk around.

Do you think we'll see any kites or anything like that?

Or I can only hope and just have some nice conversations out there.

Okay, great.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You Thank you.
