♪♪♪ When I became a man, I put away my childish things, but when I became a child and was forced to put away my manly things, I realized that the time Lord would never let me out of his grasp, and I would inevitably long for a merciful death.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, God, I was so out of breath for that.

Thank you to Captain Pukefish, Captain Pukefish, Catchphrase Superstar for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week!

Whoo! Out of the backyard and back into the studio.

That's what May is all about, and today is no exception.

We have a great show coming up a little later.

We have an educator, an educator, gosh, and we also have a wretched producer, a wretched producer.

No, a record producer.

Gonna tell us all about producing records, I would imagine.

And my name is Scott Archiben.

This is a great week for you.

If this is your first week ever listening to the show, welcome home, as real estate agents say to you when you walk into a place they want to sell you.

And I want to sell you listening to this show because I think it's a good one.

We do have a guest we need to get to right off the top of the bat, which is if you're playing baseball, that's where you want to hold it, I think?

Is that what that phrase is all about?

You want to hold it right up there at the top and swing?

She is the owner and proprietor of the of one W.

Is it W or M?

I can't remember if I ever looked at it upside down.

It's a W.

W Hotel here on Vine.

And she has that BDE, that bean dip energy that we all know and love.

Welcome back, bean dip.

Hi, bean dip.

Hi, Scott.

Thanks for having me, man.

Thanks, thanks.

Yeah, man.

It's great to see you.

Yeah, great to see you, man.

You look great.

Where are you?

Oh, I look great.

Thank you so much.

Well, your hair is very large today.

Very large.

But I got a haircut this morning.

Well, then I don't know.

I don't know your life.

I'm not trying to tell you what to do.

Your hair is very large.

You have a nice tan on to your skin.

Your eyes look.

I'm maybe the most tan person in podcasting.

You don't.

Hey, if you're not somebody needs to get murdered.

So bean dip, where have you been?

I mean, I've looked all around for you.

Gosh, I feel like we spoke when the pandemic first started, and then I haven't seen neither hide nor hair of you.

Well, because I've been.

It's a great question, Scott.

Oh, thank you so much.

I've been working on my questions as host of this show.

That's primarily what I do.

So to hear that hard work has been paying off in spades.

I don't know if it's paid off in spades.

It's like getting there.

Get there.

Okay.

Paying off in hearts, maybe.

It's paid off in hearts.

If you're playing hearts, that's exactly where you want to be.

Two of hearts, two of hearts, a beta.

That's why I need to.

Two hearts, you know that you two song?

Do you like you two?

You ever meet Bono?

Plenty of times.

Yeah, I bet.

Terrible, boy and bad.

Terrible boy and bad.

I also, a terrible boy and bad.

Wouldn't that be funny if he had mono?

Bono has mono.

The headlines would scream.

Oh, he has had it before.

He tried to give it to me.

I was like, get your ass out of here.

Where did you meet Bono?

This must have been, of course, before.

He was married.

Don't get it twisted.

Really?

Well, he was at a musical festival at Ireland.

He was like, everybody look at me.

I'm the king of Ireland.

And I'm like, okay, well, what do you want to do?

Does Ireland have a king?

I thought that they were...

Well, I don't think he is the king.

Right.

Ireland, they have a regular old like democracy.

Do they even know what they have?

I bet they're so far away from England.

They're like, what are we again?

Yeah.

When I was there, that's all experience.

People walking around restaurants, coffee shops, dress shops going on.

Wait, where was I going?

What are we politically?

What does that come from?

They don't pay attention to that kind of thing.

All they're trying to do is just like go, oh, where's our king, Bono?

Yeah, where's our pot of gold?

Where's our pot of gold?

A communal pot of gold.

Where's the leprechaun?

It's going to take us to the ripe-up where there's a giant pool with gold.

And the bottom of the pool is made of gold.

They're whimsical people, are they not?

The Irish.

They are so whimsical.

I love them.

Oh, you don't...

Oh, really?

You find it to be a little much.

Well, this is like...

They're coming in hot, man.

There's always like, hey, let's do a gig.

Hey, come on.

Let's have some dark beer.

Ah!

Let's watch some...

Let's watch footy.

They let it call it footy.

What, my left foot?

Yeah.

They call it footy.

They call it footy, though.

Let's get some Daniel Daniel's day.

Let's go to the bottom of the TV.

Let's play some footy.

So you were in Ireland.

You met Bono.

He gave you mono or tried to give you mono.

Tried to.

Tried to, yeah.

He was like, welcome to the wonderful world of mono.

Welcome to the wonderful world of mono.

Bono is mono.

And I was like, put your mono in his Ziploc.

Let me call your wife.

She could get you.

Y'all can figure this out.

Y'all are tired of it.

I've got to get back to what I'm doing, which was solving COVID.

You were solving COVID.

Oh, this was recent since COVID exists.

So this must have been in the last years.

I mean, regular currents may not foot Bono.

Oh, okay.

So this is the latest.

This is the latest incarnation.

So you were in Ireland.

What does Ireland have to do with COVID?

I mean, obviously it's everywhere.

It's everywhere.

But they get it in a different way there because they're so like, Hey, let's talk about singing and dancing.

Let's have fun times.

Let's all have it right here.

Yeah, the red hair is part of it, right?

Like from what I understand, COVID attacks the week.

That's right.

So nobody there's got red hair anymore.

Because once the COVID gets in a red handed person, all their whole hair turns to translucent.

To clear.

So not even a different color.

Just totally see through not even white, not even be a see through translucent.

I did not hear that.

I mean, you know, I read the medical journals, but that hasn't made them yet.

I got there lots of great medical journals.

There's some great ones out there.

Which one's your favorite?

Beep, Beep.

Doctors who love to talk about it.

It's the very problem.

Weekly.

Yeah, of course.

So you were trying to solve.

Did you ever figure out what caused it?

How to.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, you did.

We solved COVID.

We played on what caused it.

Well, go out big, very hard fix it.

We figured out how to make it so nobody else gets anymore.

Oh, but all the governments are like, can't keep it a secret.

Oh, because they're making the money hand over fist for those vaccines.

And now I get paid so much for the book, even the secrets.

Really?

By the way, if you've never heard being dip on the show before, one of the richest women.

Very wealthy.

Or even people.

Yes.

The women.

I'll go back to women.

Well, put me up there with Bezos if you don't want to be a bitch.

Okay.

All right.

Right up there with Bezos.

I mean, you, you, a self made billionaire.

Billionaire, yes.

And, and started from meager and humble beginnings, right?

Very meager like grew up in a yard with no house attached.

No house.

Just a yard?

Just a yard.

What would you eat for lunch?

Just usually like some sticks with no, just like a little bit of leaves.

Really?

You couldn't even afford the leaves.

Well, the leaves got, the leaves got confusing because then you had a little little little little little little little little little little.

Oh, okay.

And you couldn't afford the ladder.

Well, just like you couldn't afford the injury because of the ambulance.

Oh, it was an insurance thing.

Yeah.

Because you might fall out of the tree.

Sometimes you stick.

So just eat the sticks.

Maybe you'll get a leaf if it falls to the ground.

Yeah.

Like don't be a dick about it.

Just eat the sticks and know that one day you will become a millionaire.

Billionaire.

What?

And so I don't know that.

I mean, I know, I know your story a little bit.

Of course.

Yeah.

You don't ask for anything.

AMA.

AMA, really?

Did you invent the AMA?

Is that where a lot of your money came from?

Of course I did.

Wow.

Yeah.

Not Reddit itself.

Just the concept of an AMA.

Fuck Reddit.

Really?

How dare you?

I'm sorry, but they're all right.

That's one of the, it's the front page of the internet.

But they should not have called themselves that because it's too confusing.

Yeah.

Because like you're, you're there on your computer and well, you know what happens.

Right.

You try to look up colors.

Right.

To yellow.

I'm like, I want to talk about things on the internet.

Let me look up colors.

You look up colors.

Right.

All of us are, you're topping red, you're right.

Reddit.

All of us are.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm on your wavelength.

Yeah, I'm pretty right.

So now you, you, you started off with in a yard with no house.

Yeah.

Did you have parents or too few or too many?

Four minutes.

I had too many parents.

Wow.

They were all dogs.

Oh, wow.

But then they went up to heaven.

A pack.

Well, all dogs do.

Don't they dog?

Uh huh.

I'd love to see a sequel like the first dog who went to hell.

Like he was just so bad.

And they're like, look, we, like you saw the previous film.

You know, you know our whole template here, but this.

I know that one.

That's called my father.

Oh, no.

My father was a dog.

And I'm pretty sure that dog went to hell.

Really?

What did your father do for a living?

Well, he was a dog.

So he didn't do much for a living.

He was a literal dog.

Yeah, I was raised by a literal dog.

So this is, this has to be like a malgley situation where you.

Full malgley.

You want to, you went full malgley here in the States though.

Indeed.

I decided for America.

If that's what you mean.

Yeah.

Well, sort of.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

And we doubted sets of America.

We had me doubting myself there for a second.

Yeah.

True.

But if not, it's times America raised my dogs.

No big deal.

Were they, were they, uh, dogs of the same breed or a bunch of different, uh, hodgepodge patchwork.

Hodgepodge pack.

Wow.

Hodgepodge pack.

And what did the dogs teach you to do?

I mean, I've never heard of a human being.

Dig.

A stick.

Dig eats.

Oh, see dogs love sticks.

Mm hmm.

You know, usually they, you go, oh wow, they're just chasing them.

They love to nibble on.

Hey, if you'd like, go over to your, I would know how you love to nibble on sticks.

You just might love to nibble on sticks.

You might love to nibble on sticks.

Yeah.

They taught me how to steal.

They taught me.

What's still what?

Like, like a lunch meet hanging out of like a butcher's back pocket.

Yes.

But like we all would butchers back pocket.

We'll carry it back there.

Cause it's all butchers love to go like, look at me.

I'm so old timey.

I'm like the oldest days.

Yeah.

Let me put my meat from my back pocket.

They taught me how to steal from Nordstrom's.

Oh, dog steal from Nordstrom.

What are they?

Oh, the time.

That's the high end department store.

What are they stealing from Nordstrom?

Well, usually blouses, tops, shirts.

Oh, yeah.

That they can then sell online.

Okay.

Unlike eBay.

Or eBay.

Not Reddit.

Okay.

Yeah.

eBay, YouTube.

Yeah.

So anywhere dog tops are sold.

So, so you're an expert.

Is that how you amassed your fortune or?

No, that's how I like got into a place where I did have to live on the yard.

You know, I go steal some from Nordstrom, sell it back.

I got like a few hundred thousand that way.

Okay.

But that's chicken feeds to you too.

That's that's full chicken feed.

Yeah.

Give it to the chickens for all I can.

Cause I know nothing to me.

That's like YouTube be a nickel.

Homie.

That's true.

So, so a couple of hundred thousand and that's that's just walking around money for you.

And then how did you amass your actual the billions that you have now?

Well, so I'm a but you know, I own a W hotel in Hollywood.

Sure.

I also own the spa there and I sold kisses for a long time.

Right.

But granted to people by you.

Yeah.

You weren't brokering two separate parties to kiss.

No, they bought kisses for me.

Like a very high-end prostitution tote deal.

Sure.

But just for kisses or.

Just for kisses.

But they could be anywhere on a.

Okay.

So we're talking blowjobs.

Sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

Sure.

But also they can pay to give them on me.

If they want to give a blowjob on me, they can pay me a ton of money.

Right.

Yeah.

What is it?

What is a blowjob called when you give it to a woman?

Well, you give a blowjob on a woman.

That's called.

Like when you give a blowjob on a like standing on a woman?

Well, you can stand on a light on a set on a backwards.

But like when you give a blowjob on a woman, that's called a windstorm.

Mmm.

Windstorm.

Yeah.

The storm is coming.

So, and that's, and cut to $3 billion later.

Cut to $3 billion later.

I got a bunch of.

Smash cut to, sorry.

Smash cut.

I got a bunch of hot dog stands.

Well, I sell cucumbers inside of buns.

Right.

As you know, Scott, you come every day to buy some.

I love them.

I have a peculiar palette though.

I love the texture though.

I mean, I suppose your hair is not really.

I know.

Can you believe it?

Yeah, you had covered five times.

Is that right?

Yeah, I know.

I kept contacting you every single time.

So, so, I mean, obviously all of that is in the rear view.

Now you're a woman of leisure.

That's right.

And what does a bean dip do for fun?

We've talked about work and everything you do for work all the time.

But what do you do in your spare hours when it's time for bean dip to relax?

I don't know what day it is.

A lot of times as human beings here in the United States of A, we do this on the weekends.

But some people have irregular hours.

What do you like to do for fun?

And when do you do it?

Gosh, I love it.

There are quarter questions.

When do you do it?

How do you do it?

Why do you do it?

Great.

Who do you do it with?

All the W's.

For you.

I love to relax on a Wednesday.

It's going.

Oh, great day.

Hump day, they call it.

Yeah, they do call it hump day.

It does part of what I like to involve a little bit of metaphor.

I love to go out to where those hills.

And I love to come to the top of hills, throw down them, see if anybody's down at the bottom of the hill, see if I can decide before I roll down.

Let me see if I can hit this person on my way down.

So it's kind of like a game to you.

It's a game to me.

Maybe I'll meet a friend.

I'll meet somebody who wants to be in my life forever.

How, I mean, I can only imagine it must be hard to roll down a hill and not hit someone here in Los Angeles.

It's so crowded.

It was a pop of relation.

Yeah.

So who have you met by rolling down a hill and just smashing into them?

Most recently, Bobby Connolly.

Bobby Connolly.

The celebrity chef?

No, he was, oh no, I'm sorry.

Who am I thinking of?

I'm thinking of a Bobby Flay.

I know Bobby Flay though.

You do?

I'm falling down a hill.

Okay.

Bobby Connolly.

He's from a Boredwick empire.

Boredwick empire.

Also for a lot.

Station Agent 18.

Station Agent.

No, station Agent.

Station Agent.

Station, Station Agent.

Yeah.

He's also.

He's in the amazing Ant-Man movies.

He's in amazing Ant-Man movies.

He's also the movie with the On-A-Wiz Zort.

The show where they're like, or the resort, everything's creepy.

The call kid was like, hey, I'm gonna call them.

The White Lotus.

Well, but that's close enough.

Close enough.

I mean, look, if you're talking resort shows, if someone says White Lotus, just give it to him.

Yeah, but he's in the line.

Really?

So you crashed into him?

Crashed into him?

He stands up and he's a brash Italian-American, is he not?

Vash, Italian-American, is a three-piece suit on a Wednesday.

Three pieces.

Best included.

I knocked him smooth to the ground.

He lost all consciousness when he came to us.

Where are you going?

Did y'all three-piece suit?

Are you trying to go somewhere fancy?

And he said, I'm on my way to a wedding and I will kill myself if you don't put my date.

Wow.

So who was getting married?

Did you go, first of all, obviously you went?

I went.

So who was getting married?

Well, he was...

This is kind of a secret thing, but Leonardo Caprio was getting married to a girl who wore like a Bugs Bunny outfit on a Hollywood bulldog.

Like one of the ones where Bugs Bunny is a rapper and wearing like a big chain or something like that.

Yeah, like outside of my Chinese?

Yeah.

Really?

I think what I was like, Abigail or something.

Oh, I see.

So not wearing a T-shirt of that.

Where is the actual Bugs Bunny?

No, that's not.

So she's...

Leonardo DiCaprio got married to someone playing Bugs Bunny outside of the man's Chinese.

Yeah, I'm pretty sure I know it was like Abigail or something.

Abigail.

Maybe.

And what did she look like?

I mean, Bugs Bunny...

Oh, yes.

But she had to be short because Bugs Bunny is like pretty low to the ground, right?

Well, yeah, I would say she was like, I want to denigrate her and say like short, but she was probably like three, two.

Okay.

That's kind of...

I mean, as human beings go.

I get us.

Oh, so he...

So he's married.

He's off the market.

Yeah, he's off the market.

As far as I know, they have not achieved on an element.

They've not achieved it.

Have they been trying for what?

I think they were trying for a while.

Oh, good luck to them.

We pray for the happy couple.

So wow.

What...

And where did they get married?

I mean, this is like...

Well, he was on this white walk in there.

I was rolling on some hills in Los Felos and he was like, well, the wedding is going to be a mess hall in Los Felos.

Mess hall?

Okay, that's a popular restaurant in Los Felos.

Over there on Franklin or no, Los Felos Boulevard.

Oh, Los Felos Boulevard.

Right.

Los Felos in Vermont, is that right?

That sounds right.

What's your preferred route to go to...

When you go there?

I love to go up Los Felos Boulevard because I love to stop every now and then it's stair.

Yeah.

Do you take Western to get there?

Always.

Western.

Yeah, great.

Do I like the movies and the street?

Western trademark.

Really Western?

Are your favorite movies?

I love Western.

Name one.

Hiding.

Yeah.

I know a truth.

Yeah.

A little high.

That's why it gives you five or six edibles at 10 milligrams each.

Watch a little Hiding and it doesn't even matter if you watch it at 12 PM or not.

420 is what I would watch it.

Hey, everybody, listen up, it's gots getting hilarious.

So you meet Bobby Connavale.

He says it's in Mess Hall.

How far away are you as the crow flies?

About six mile walk.

Six mile walk.

And why is he walking there?

Because he just said, like I said, he's underlight.

He said, I was just out.

I was just out to enjoy the day.

Oh, that's your impression of Bobby Connavale.

Well, he's not very New Yorkie.

Yeah, he is.

Yeah, out of on a scale from like the Statue of Liberty to the Dukes of Hazard, he's like, he's edging close to that statue, isn't he?

He's like grabbing on the skirt.

Yeah.

He's like, hey, down here.

Yeah, he's down here.

Bobby's here.

Hey, it's going to take me a minute to come up to your nose.

Yeah.

Hey, Bobby's down here at the skirt.

Exactly.

So six miles and you walked to Mess Hall and did he say who it was or was it a surprise?

Is it a surprise wedding to even Leo?

Well, Leo knew he was having a dust while he invited a few friends.

Bobby Connavale included.

And Bobby's included, what?

Bobby Connavale included.

Oh, right.

And Bobby Connavale was his best man.

What an honor.

They're great friends.

Where did they even meet?

I can't think of a single thing they've done together.

I think they made all sorts of like, they will be blood or something.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Another, another.

Some movie.

Another Daniel Day Lewis Irish.

Yeah, Bobby.

Some Hollywood Irish movie.

Yeah.

So you get there.

It's Leo's there.

Leo's there.

Yeah, Bobby, I kept down the secret.

He was like, but we just give you some hands.

This is my friend.

Some people will think he's a lion.

And I'm like, a lion.

What?

What's that supposed to mean?

Because it was first name or something else?

Yeah, I think because it's Rachel Speck because of her first name.

Right.

Did growing pains come up at all?

Like in the hints or?

Don't we?

We get we start mainly growing pains related.

Mainly growing pains.

So much stuff of a growing pains.

He's like, well, if Mr. Thicke was your dad and he never was so Alan Thicke.

He just you thought he was saying T-H-I-C-C.

Yeah, I thought he was saying like, nice ass.

Right.

Yeah.

I was like.

I'm surprised you didn't guess Leo DiCaprio though from Mr.

Thicke.

No, because I just thought he was talking about like some of them would be able to say to see booty.

Yeah, right.

Like he said with two C's.

Then he was like, okay, this was really going to get it away.

I'm like, we're on mile four bitch.

He said.

We're on mile four bitch.

Yeah, I'm like, you better give it.

We're almost there.

Yeah.

Then he was like, okay, thank God last names with that have a smaller little letter in the middle.

So little in the middle, but he's got much back because he's thick.

Huh, interesting.

Sir Mix a lot is exactly where I would go.

That's where I would go.

You know, with the A in between those hyphens, you know, I mean, so you go into it thinking it's Sir Mix a lot getting married.

I got into it very excited that it's going to be so Mix a lot.

And then to be disappointed or really.

Well, then I'm like, okay, cool.

Gilbert Grapes, friend.

Yeah.

Who's like Gilbert Grapes?

Was it the, what's his name?

Yeah.

That pirate guy.

Yeah, that pirate guy.

Yeah.

Weirdo.

Grumpy.

Yeah, grumpy.

Yeah.

So, so interesting.

And then did the bride walk down the aisle in the Bugs Bunny suit or?

Well, she had a gorgeous dress on and just a bug bunny head.

Occasionally Bugs Bunny would wear that gorgeous dress pretending to be a woman.

Oh, well, I thought she was talking about girl bugs, funny.

Oh, Lola.

Lola.

Is that her name?

Lola.

She, she played basketball and every like teenage guy wanted to have sex with it.

She was quite a basketball, man.

Yeah.

I mean, for a cartoon.

Well, let's just who's been, well, Carter, he's better.

Man, I mean, Marvin the Martian is look at her basketball.

He's not great, but he, you know, he's very imposing.

He has that ray gun.

Yeah, but who's good at basketball?

You need to check yourself.

Only Lola.

That's true.

That's a good point.

I mean, for a cartoon, she's probably the best at basketball.

She is.

Don't, don't worry about it.

She is.

So she's just wearing the head.

She just wore my hair.

Beautiful dress.

A gorgeous dress.

Then she gets on her arm.

She takes off the head and everybody's like, oh, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, because she is beautiful.

It was, what you look like?

Was it like a smaller Bugs Bunny head?

Well, it had me because she's, because she's three, two.

Right, right.

So a very small Bugs Bunny head, but her head was smaller than the Bugs Bunny head.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, yeah.

But I mean, what did, what did her face look like?

It looked like, you know how, like, on that, you know that movie freaks from a long time ago.

From 1928 or so.

Yeah, with the, with the, a Centiveed band, Caterpillar Man.

Yeah.

Sure.

One of us, one of us.

Yeah, one of us.

You know those people who chant one of us.

Yeah.

The titular freaks.

Yeah, the titular freaks, they've got like a, uh, strange shaped head, maybe like a tuft of hair up top.

Sure.

The pinheads sometimes.

Yes.

That's what, that's what all sorts of full fit is.

But you know what?

She looked a lot like a gorgeous pinhead.

So a gore, so an even more gorgeous pinhead.

Even more gorgeous pinhead like, Oh, wow.

You would like, drench yourself with like what?

With, uh, geez.

Okay.

Got it.

Okay.

Yeah.

Say no more.

Yeah.

Say no more.

If you saw Abigail, you would drench yourself with your audience.

Lucky man.

Lucky man that Leo.

I'll say.

But he's off the market.

So someone say he was the world's most eligible bachelor.

Not, well, not anymore.

Cause like I said, I don't think they have a cheap, no man.

Yeah.

But I mean, it used to be George Clooney.

Remember the cloon dog?

He used to play pranks with everyone and used to play basketball on set of ER.

He was the old, the whole spirit letter.

Yeah.

But then he got married to a mall whose name is a little close to anal.

Don't you think?

Yeah.

Or just makes you think like, Oh, my fun goes to your heart.

I can visit a lot of stores.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Anyway, you ever going to get married?

Beep.

Oh, no.

Go fuck.

Hey, go fuck yourself.

Go fuck yourself.

Feel free.

I got a car.

Don't censor yourself.

Man, I got no time.

You could go fuck yourself cause everybody's trying to marry me.

I don't like whatever happened to Bobby Connevolli.

Did you guys hook up or what?

He went out and left.

We did hook up and we did hook up for a couple of months, but he would have loved him to get married.

He begs me every day via text.

I'm like, you're screwing up my plan.

My cellular plan.

Yeah.

Too many texts.

Too many texts, Bobby.

Yeah.

It's not just the ones going out.

It's the ones coming in.

People don't realize you get a choice for all of it.

Yeah.

And I understand he's heartbroken, but like my texts are exit only.

Hey, just like my bow.

Hey, really?

Oh, Bobby Connevolli, an interesting guy.

I didn't know all that about him.

A guy dude loves to walk to weddings.

Right.

God delightful guy loves like no, loves to walk to weddings.

He's the best man of just a writing sweaty as hell.

Three piece.

Walk to weddings at restaurants.

He loves like nineties.

Grunge.

Really nineties Grunge as opposed to all those other decades, the Grunge.

Other decades he's all into.

So but he's particularly into the nineties Grunge.

Really?

Wow.

What are his favorite bands, Nirvana?

All I like.

Nirvana.

What he always played on repeat that I was like, we cannot have a relationship was.

Staunton will follow us.

Alice in chains.

Oh, wow.

Did you ever, did you go see the Batman?

Because he used that Nirvana song in it.

I didn't see it yet because I just was like, I don't have the time.

What do you think of a world where a guy dresses up like a bat in fights crime?

I think that's right.

You like it.

That's great.

I wish we had that in the world world.

Yeah, I wish a policeman would dress up like that.

Me too.

I'm like, why don't you?

It would make it fun.

You know what I mean?

Like everyone mistrust the police because they're always like, you know, trying to frame you and trying to harass you.

But like if they were dressed like Batman, it'd be kind of like everything will be better.

Just like, hey man, just like a bat, just like a bird, just like any creature that flies, cops dress up like it would like you better.

ACAB all cops are Batman.

That would be great.

ACAB.

Well, Bean Dip, it's great to have you here.

I think we caught up.

Have we sufficiently caught up?

Hey, I'm feeling good, but I'm happy to tell you the thing you want to know.

Okay.

What did you do on your 13th birthday?

13th birthday.

I was out of the yard by then.

I already made $300,000 for silly shirts for North soils.

I went with three friends to a skating rink.

We refused to put skates on.

Instead, we put the soft side of Velcro onto the bottom of our tennis shoes, not the sticky side of Velcro.

Then we pretended to roll a skate all around the roller rink for three hours.

Wow.

Sounds like a dream.

And were you escorted out of the facility at a certain point?

At a certain point after three hours.

After three hours.

Wow.

Wekey shoes, but sliding around.

Amazing.

It was great.

Did you have the soft?

So you have the softer side down.

You have the prickly side up.

Prickly side or tape to your hand so that if anybody tries to come up to you, you grab them and it hurts the arms.

Got it.

Perfect.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, Bean Dip, we have to take a break if that's okay.

That's okay.

I have you here because you have not only do you have BDE, Bean Dip Energy, but you have a big co-host energy.

That's why.

I need you here with me.

I'm happy to be here.

It's got, there's no place I will rather be.

Is that true?

That's what I see here.

That's true.

After a few episodes with people on here who hate me so much, it's so great to have someone here who's a good friend to me and especially, I mean, we haven't talked to off Mike, you know, we've, we have a relationship where we're there for each other a lot.

We haven't talked about that, but.

Well, I don't know.

Yeah, but, you know, don't get me sorry.

I talk a lot off.

I'm going to get emotional here if we talk about it.

I mean, we, we, you know, you act like, oh, I don't know what is every in your life, but I talk to you.

I know we know.

Well, you talk to cool up a lot.

And then I know everything that we've talked about.

I was just humoring you.

Okay.

Just setting you up, but I knew all of this stuff because we talk all the time.

You and I are.

Well, you know, it's like, I don't know.

I see cool up a lot, but I feel like you live in our attic, right?

I live in the attic for a little while, but like, I feel like you and I, we just have our contact thing.

It's, it's not a lot of talking outside of here, but I'm very happy to be here and I'm very happy to be your friend.

And I think if you want to write down names of people who you feel like, hey, you, I would love to kill them tonight.

Great.

Okay.

So like a hit list of sorts, please give me a hand.

Do I have to write it down or I'd love for there not to be a paper trail?

Right.

It's got the first, we'll go to magic shop.

We'll get some of that paper when you write on it where it disappears.

Invisible Inc.

Yeah.

Perfect.

The perfect crime.

No one, no murderer has ever thought of using invisible ink before.

Well, we have to take a break, Beandip.

And when we come back, we have an educator.

That's very exciting.

And we have a record producer.

Yes.

This is a packed show here.

So this is exciting.

We are going to be right back.

We're going to be right back with the educator and the record producer.

We'll be right back with more Beandip, more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

We have Beandip here and of the, I guess I don't know your family heritage, your family name or is it the dips?

All right.

I can't remember.

Let me talk about you have a brother and one thing.

I do have a brother, but well, if you want to talk about families descent, Greek.

Greek really.

Interesting.

So like that place in Mamma Mia.

Just exactly like that place.

Is it a lot like that?

I've never been there.

I can only imagine.

I'm super well because when I was like, maybe six months old or something, that's when I got left the yarding thing.

The dogs took out by my parents.

Oh, okay.

So they went back to Greece or back to Greece.

I look forward to maybe meeting up with them.

You should go there someday.

I mean, you're a billionaire.

You should maybe take one trip to Greece.

Yeah.

I'll probably do it.

Or do it 23 and me or something.

Maybe you could find them.

Yeah, maybe I'll do 23 and me.

Yeah.

24 of me.

Dude, one better.

You can afford it.

Let's make it 30 and me.

Why not?

You have to 30 for 30.

Why don't you do that?

You have the money.

Well look, we need to get to our next guest.

He's an educator.

You ever been educated?

Oh, plenty of times.

You got my master's.

Oh, okay.

Really?

In what?

Food chemistry.

Food chemistry?

Yeah, of course.

I thought that you were in the restaurant industry.

We want to be talking to him.

What a strange intro.

We want to be talking to him.

I don't think I've ever said that before.

It's gone up a lot stranger, man.

Really?

Yeah, I am.

Okay.

Well, please welcome to the show Brooke Flagstaff.

Hi.

Hey, I'm happy to be here.

I have given talks all over the world to the elderly, to little kids.

It doesn't matter.

I am just happy to talk.

Okay.

So have you ever been to Greece?

I have been to Greece.

Okay.

Is it a lot like Mama Mia?

And were there two?

Was there a man and a woman wandering around like looking for a kid ever?

I saw that several times.

Two part questions.

Yeah.

I mean, basically every time you go, you feel like you just jumped in through a TV screen in a Mama Mia.

Really?

People singing ever or?

Oh, look.

I mean, good luck taking a nap over there.

Oh, thank God.

You said nap.

This is a family show.

And then there was a man and a woman kind of looking for a child at everywhere.

You can't escape parents looking for children.

See, I think you could find them if you were there being dead.

Well, maybe it's easier than I thought.

Yeah.

Why?

You thought it was hard?

I just figured it would be complicated.

Boy.

Yeah.

Dilly, they're going to complicate it.

There are too many.

Yeah.

Too many parents.

You're going to be surrounded by this can be needle in a haystack situation.

There's so many parents over there.

Wow.

So you've been all over the world.

That's right.

Educating people, giving talks.

I give talks.

To children.

Children.

Everything in between.

That's right.

Okay.

And what are you talking about if you don't mind me asking?

I mean, you're on the show.

Yeah.

I start up and I'll ask the audience question.

I'll say, hey, you woke up today.

What did you do?

Usually they'll say I went to the bathroom and I say, okay, what else did you do next?

And they'll say, hi, bros my teeth.

And I'll say, well, that makes a lot of sense.

What did you do after that?

You're trying to leave them into they got on their phone, right?

Well, not quite, Scott.

They'll say.

Because that's usually when I hear this thing is like, hey, what was the first thing you did in the morning?

Looked at my phone.

Yeah.

You're you want people to say that and then that leads you into saying, like, well, you shouldn't be doing that.

Yeah, I'll be like, of course you did.

But there's a few steps in between the people usually are giving you people usually say, I jumped in the shower and then I stopped right there.

And I getting too horny.

I am like, well, that's mistake.

We're number one.

I get so worked up.

You know, I get the horniness out of my system along before the.

So you're jerking off before you get these.

Forever show.

Okay, great.

For every show, I want to go out empty.

I want to go out clear.

Ball drain.

So I say, I mean, especially you're talking to mixed crowd.

You don't want.

I feel like we've gotten off at a weird footing here.

My question is.

You're reading me.

You're saying you're bold and drained.

I'm answering.

Honestly, Scott, yes, sir.

I'm apologizing because I don't want to get in the middle of your thing.

Well, maybe I can help you out because it maybe all comes together.

Take a bath.

Wait, this is in the tub, Scott.

This is your advice.

Get in the tub.

Why is everybody wasting their time showering every morning?

You got a tub right there, Scott.

And maybe you got so much sex on the brain because you need a good soak.

You ever think of that?

I get in there.

Brooke, what are the benefits of having a soak?

Oh, God.

They're a question.

Yeah.

Thank you.

How many hours is this podcast, Scott?

I'm usually about an hour and 15.

Oh, OK.

Well, I'll try to keep it brief because there's a whole hell of a lot of stuff.

We do have another guest coming up.

Well, I won't get lost.

So how long do you think you're going to go?

For the benefits?

Yeah.

I'll go as long as you let me.

I'm being a good boy.

Well, no, I've given you the parameters.

Who's going to take about as much time as you're going to have.

So how much time do you think you're going to do?

Just so I can plan it.

OK.

Well, I'll go an hour and a half.

You can edit it down and pull.

Oh, that's a lot of work for all of our editing team.

You can have the editing team work and they can put whatever.

Could you just edit yourself down to whatever time it needs to be?

Listen, I'll get my editing team on it.

I don't know that we want a bunch of outsiders coming.

They're good boys.

Yeah, they're good.

OK, and that's one of the benefits.

My whole editing team takes a long soak before every editing session.

And they are so clear headed.

I mean, they get all the important info in there.

They get all the bullshit out.

Separate the weight from the chest.

OK, so what?

And I'll say bullshit, and the kids love it.

Oh, you say this in your head.

I say it at the schools.

The old folks, they like it because it's like they won't get straight to business.

Right, they're cutting through the crap.

The kids, they all giggle.

They're like, he isn't supposed to be saying that.

What about the 20 year olds there?

20 year olds.

They're just so damn locked into the speech.

Really?

What about the 19 year old?

Are they 19 year olds?

You know what?

Because they're not 20.

Yeah, they're not.

They're kind of in that weird stage.

Yeah, are they unimpressed?

They're out of high school.

They're in college.

They don't know what they're doing.

They're not.

Sometimes they have too much student debt.

They hear bullshit, and that locks them right.

Yeah.

OK, so everyone likes it.

Everybody likes it.

It's across the board.

And you know, when you're 19, you need a soak maybe more than anybody, because your body might still be growing.

You probably got, you probably horny quite frankly, Scott.

I don't know if that will get through to you.

Thank you.

I appreciate you speaking my language.

I got to ask though about the soaking thing.

OK, first of all, you say, why waste time taking a shower?

That's take longer.

Don't they?

Oh, God.

Be mean.

Am I wrong on this?

Well, I've been sitting in the area in a basically a bed of confusion because that's what my way when I thought.

Oh, I thought that's so good.

I guess I have something to learn from a book.

It takes approximately an hour and a half for it to fill up, usually because I mean, I'm counting in the time where you forget that you didn't put the plug in.

Right.

And then you got to sit in it for, I don't know.

45.

You feel like you're wasting.

Like, if you go in there for as long as you do a shower, like five minutes, you feel like you wasted that huge amount of setup time and all the bath salts and all the kind of stuff.

So it's like you usually end up feeling guilty of like, I want to get out of this thing after five minutes.

I know exactly how you feel.

Thank you.

You get your ducky in there.

You get your salts in there.

You get your bubbles.

And it's a whole big.

You forgot to plug it up.

Scott forgot to plug it up.

Now you've got to get up different salts because I'm all out of salt and they all went down the trail.

You got to go to the store.

You got to get more salt.

You got to get more bubble bath shit.

Sure.

Yeah, we all been there.

And you know what happens?

What?

You take your quick shower, you go through your day, and guess what happens?

You forget to do something during your day.

Uh-huh.

He's quiet.

Yeah.

But what is it?

Then you go to work.

You don't do something.

You do something a little bit slower.

What?

What are we talking about?

And then you drive.

You drive to work.

You get lost.

Because you know what?

All those little things, you didn't get a soak in.

Your head's all over the place.

Oh.

And you get lost.

And then when you add it up, and I've done the math, and I've had a team of editors doing the math, I have a whole algorithm.

You created an algorithm?

Yeah.

I'm working with Sergio Verat, Google, and we have figured out.

He's mood lighting on this?

Or you work with a good friend.

I mean, that company took off once those guys started bathing.

But everything that he creates doesn't Google own it.

I mean, because he's drawing a salary, I mean, this is dicey stuff for you to get this.

I mean, this probably won't make the show.

Oh, you're editing this out?

OK, great.

OK, good.

No, it's going to hear this.

There's probably won't go on the show.

OK.

Yeah, he's mood lighting a little bit.

How far back do you think the editors are going to take this?

They'll go through your whole catalog.

OK, so quite honestly, the archives need it.

They seem like good boys.

They're the editors.

Yeah.

Where are these guys?

Where are they?

Yeah, where are they?

I got them out in a van out front.

Oh, OK.

All right.

Yeah.

So you met the editors before?

Yeah, we had a great time last night.

You just go knocking on van windows.

Yeah, that's a great way to meet people who you may be having a affinity with.

Yeah, interesting.

OK, so you love baths.

What's the first time you ever noticed that a bath kind of made a difference in your life?

Yeah.

Is that a good question?

It's a great question.

First bath where I was like, I am on point today.

1978.

Yeah, it was a long time ago.

How old of a gentleman were you?

Me in 1978, I was 30 years old.

Oh, OK.

So you're a good 70s.

That's right.

Yeah, I'm a grandfather.

74 years old.

I'm a proud grandfather.

Oh, OK.

And my daughter just keeps popping out babies.

How many of my son-in-law all his equipment is working, and they are happy, and they are.

Are they Catholic or something?

Well, they just like to procreate.

I mean, everyone likes the act of procreating.

But here we go again.

Scott, this guy cannot.

You got a silk, man.

What if you got to soak it out of your system?

What if every single time you had sex, the woman got pregnant?

Would people still do it?

No.

I think people still would.

Every single time.

I don't think so.

I think they ration themselves, but I think they'd still people just go fuck it.

Let's just do it.

Your head is in the clouds, man.

I haven't met a guy who was back so bad.

Describe this bath.

What happened to you in 1978?

Oh, God.

It was the perfect bath.

And you know what?

Not to gross anybody out, but it was old bath water.

Oh, gosh.

Tell us.

Secondhand bath water.

My second wife had just taken a bath, and I said, you know what?

Leave it in.

Don't drain it.

I'm going to jump in there.

You say that.

But I mean, it was kind of like warning jeans.

Oh, warning jeans.

I love warning jeans.

Yeah.

Once you've had warning jeans.

Now, these are jeans you wear when, and they have special...

I put this one on my nose comment.

Yeah.

When I used to be a Storm Chaser.

They would turn to different colors?

Yeah.

You put them on as they tell.

Has an aesthetic electricity.

Yeah.

So like, if you're part of a store, and like, and my editors can tell you this, I mean, the van, you'd my old storm trade.

They know all about your storm chasing days.

They know my storm chasing days.

And so when you're just driving to a place like this interview, you're going like, faster, faster, get over there.

Yeah.

I still got that in me.

Yeah.

I can't soak out that energy no matter how hard I try.

So, so you were in there with your second wife, and this is someone you were not married to at the time.

This is your previous wife or...

Yeah, this is my previous wife.

I'm not married now.

Yeah.

But at the time, you were not married.

At the time, no, we're not together.

So, how should you take your baths at your place?

You know what, Scott?

I've been married four times.

Congratulations.

Yeah.

Wow.

And that's a quarter of a Leo.

Yeah.

Here's the crazy part.

They're all friends.

All my ex-friends are friends.

Isn't that beautiful?

It's possible.

Wow.

Do they get together or do they work together?

They get together, they work together.

They get together and work.

So they're work friends who then get together after work?

Yeah.

They all hang out.

They have healthy relationships with each other.

They get together after work.

They have drinks.

They have cocktails.

What's their gum?

They see movies.

They're all in animal control.

Oh my god.

Animal control.

Yeah.

So they work...

They're like animals, escape zoos and things.

They call my ex-wives.

That happens so often they need to hire four different people?

That's right.

Well, they work together as a team.

They all have specialties.

What's going on with this net?

Yeah.

Why are people...

Why are so many animals escaping this zoo?

Do they have faulty...

It's every zoo, Scott.

This is a problem.

Really?

Yeah, this isn't just one zoo, although there's a couple culprits.

I won't name names, same Diego.

But they...

That's the biggest zoo there is.

Yeah.

Really?

Yeah.

So tigers are just getting zoos.

There's reason it's so big.

They play a little fast and loose with the rules.

Got it.

Okay.

Got it.

And the tigers are running out.

The bears are getting out of there.

They got all...

I mean, don't even bring up the reptile house.

That place...

I'm not going to bring it up.

I wasn't even going to bring it up.

I don't anyway.

My ex-labs...

Just tigers fucking bears and...

Yeah, Scott.

What?

Now you're bringing it into the animal kingdom.

That's gross, Scott.

I beg your pardon, Pete.

So you took this bath in 1978.

Yeah.

If your ex-wife...

She had previously...

She came over together.

She came over.

She wanted to take clean up a little bit.

Right.

She was covered in a poison slime of some kind.

It wasn't slime.

What did she was doing?

I have to ask a follow-up.

What was she doing that she got poisoned?

Well, she was catching an animal.

Oh, got it.

I think it was...

It secreted some sort of...

Yeah, I think it swallowed her.

Oh, no.

Oh my God.

These are questions for her.

So I'm giving it to you second hand.

It's like a boa constrictor and a cusstort.

Yeah, it's a sort of anticondor.

And a cusstort and a cusstort and a cusstort.

Yeah.

It was some sort of reptile.

Right.

And so she had to...

I don't know if she like cut herself out or crawled out.

Oh, right.

She's usually pretty good at the animals.

So I assume she crawled out or maybe tickled as inside.

And were you guys uncommunicative and you didn't really ask any questions anyway?

You're just like kind of grunted at her like...

Yeah.

I mean, I tried to...

She tries to leave work.

At work.

Right.

Except when she's out there with her work friends after work.

Yeah, well, they have a book club.

They talk about books and stuff.

Oh, really?

What's their favorite book?

Oh, I think her favorite book is The One With The Killer and The Detective.

Oh, I love that one.

I like that one.

Yeah.

But I think it's called The Detective Meets The Killer.

Yes.

Is that what it is?

Okay.

Yeah.

I think you're right.

It has a good meeting.

I think that's the subtitle.

The Detective Meets The Killer and How's That Gave Me?

I tried to do the audiobook, but the reader...

Yeah.

Who was...

The reader was crazy.

Who was doing it?

It was some guy who...

I mean, this guy...

Because it's not in the book.

He keeps telling his own story.

He would just be a bit energetic.

Yeah.

He keeps telling his own stories as he's written.

And he says, hey, pause it.

Pause it.

Why?

He's telling his story.

He wants you to hear.

Exactly.

Yeah, Scott.

Oh, wait.

Is he talking to the engineers?

I guess he is.

Oh, okay.

Because if I were a listener, I would be like...

Yeah, I'm like, okay.

Okay.

But when do I un-pause it?

Right.

I know all my voice thinking it's like, but now I can't hear the book.

Yeah.

This is pretty digital.

Oh, okay.

So this is like...

I bought this thing.

I got like 50 friggin' tapes, Scott.

Right.

So this is back in the early 80s.

Yeah.

This is back in my storm traskin' days.

Yeah.

Sorry.

I need a friggin' soak, man.

I'm gonna...

Yeah, today.

Soaks, I'm up to four.

I have four soaks a day.

I might crank it up to five.

I try to sneak one in before bed.

Yeah.

And again, you can.

Okay, all you people goin' green.

I use the same water.

Yeah, so same water every day?

Same water every day.

Okay.

Yeah.

But don't go to bed wet.

That's what they tell you.

Yeah, that's classic.

You know what I mean?

How many times have you taken a bath and you're like, man, this is exhausting, man.

You're just like, I'm gonna go to bed wet.

Mm-hmm.

Now, I said that a lot.

And guess what?

I do it.

I guess I'm a bad boy because I don't follow that advice.

I go to sleep better wet every night, Scott.

What?

Yeah.

Well, Mr. Flystaff, what are you going to bed wet?

Do you wake up with depression or remorse?

Great question.

Thank you, B&D.

Well, you know, frequently I suffer from night terrors.

Oh, terrors that happen while you're sleeping are just, you're afraid at night and that prevents you from going to sleep.

Both, Scott.

Okay.

Oh, that's the worst of both worlds.

It was bad and I have seen doctors.

I have tried this.

In your nightmares?

Yeah, in my nightmares.

Wow.

And because I try, I've been dreaming.

Like, creepy ones?

Like, zombies?

I've been trying to take control of my dreams, which is what the experts tell you to do.

Right.

And guess what?

Sometimes the experts are right.

Yeah.

This is a dreaming they call where it's like you recognize you're in a dream and then you go like, let's just have fun.

Okay.

Well, leave your pervy stuff at the door, Scott.

I'm trying to tell you about my problems.

God, you're trying to tell me about your problems?

I mean, what have you came here to do?

I mean, I'm just trying to, you know, bring up the benefits of bathing.

I'm just being a small talk right now, assuming the good boys in editing are cutting all this part out.

Oh, this shit.

This shit.

I won't make this show.

This is fucking out, man.

Are you kidding me?

All right.

Do we need a clean edit point for where I'm assuming we're going to cut everything out after good take a bath and serve a shower.

Okay, great.

Yeah.

Okay.

So clean edit point.

Yeah, we'll be quite good.

Go ahead.

And three, two.

So you are going to be feeling great.

I'm talking a plus tip top.

That sounds good, right?

Being dead.

That sounds great.

It sounds like I won't forget or anything in my day and I'll have a wonderful day for soaking.

Yeah.

Health benefits are off the charts.

Really?

I mean, who wants to see a doctor?

I don't.

I mean, we haven't talked about it.

We haven't talked about it.

I mean, especially not like a night.

You know, any kind of doctor, it doesn't matter.

Right.

You.

So is that what your talks are mainly about the bathing stuff?

My talks are pretty much.

I mean, they're 90% bathing.

Okay.

And then I tell, you know, little stories about the storm chasing days and a little, you know, funny jokes here and there.

10%.

Yeah.

10%.

I usually pull somebody up from the audience and we kind of go through like where they should scrub a little bit more.

We got that's weird.

How do you ascertain that?

He has them getting nude by a book.

Yeah.

We get we have a special little shade that they have a privacy screen.

Privacy screen.

But is it like you can still see the outline?

You still see the outline.

I don't know.

No, it's actually that.

That's fair.

Yeah.

You got it.

That's a good compromise.

You got it.

See the audience wants to see him nude.

They don't want to be seen nude.

Just let them show see the outlet.

Let's see the outline.

Yeah.

Mr. Plankstaff.

I know you love storm chasing.

You can't get it out of your system.

Have you ever taken a bath in a bath full of rain water?

That's a beautiful question being dead.

I can imagine that would be cold water or is rain hot.

Well, it was me, I heated it up, but I less less less than my in-house.

Like a hot water.

Well, here's the thing.

You can have the best of both worlds.

If you are in a storm situation and you find a tub, you can let that fill with rain and that will be hot rain.

Hot rain.

That'll be hot rain.

Now, you can also get the salts naturally in a storm situation because frequently if you are in an earthquake, you can find natural salts and you put that in a tub.

Now, wait, you're in an earthquake and a storm at the same time?

God, that's unlucky.

Your genes will be going nuts.

Yeah, your warning genes are going to go off the hook.

I recommend taking the warning genes off completely.

Sure, especially if you're going to be there.

They'd be taken bath.

Yeah.

But hang them where you can see them.

Yeah.

Especially if you've got a couple of jokesters in the crew.

Because they will take you, they will take your genes.

What was the jokester in these good boys who were the editors over here?

You got one sort of a prankster.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Dusty.

Dusty, really?

That's son of a bitch, man.

There's always one, right?

There's always one, man.

There's always one.

This guy is always like, what the fuck is my name?

And we're like, dusty.

Wow, what a prank.

I know.

And we're like, stop at the pranks, man.

Because you all know him.

Yeah.

We're like, where are we driving?

And I'm like, you know where?

Just keep driving straight, Dusty.

Sure.

This guy isn't like an amnesiac or?

I mean, come on.

It don't be a pervert, Scott.

Oh, OK.

I didn't say aphrodisiac.

Oh, never mind.

No, but you're just like, does he have amnesia?

Did he forget everything?

Would he remember if I put my dick on it?

Oh, come on.

Yeah.

We know where you're going with that.

Like how much does this piece of just a prankster, Scott?

So do you sell any kind of products after your talks, you know, like any kind of merch or anything like that?

Mostly my book.

Yeah.

Oh, you have a book?

You're an author.

Oh, I don't have any information about you here on the, unfortunately, Devan are producers.

But I don't know what the fuck's been going on with it.

He doesn't write down anything that pertinent that I need to know about these people.

Yeah.

I mean, I don't really plug the book.

You can work out your issues with Devan later on.

I kind of don't like.

I mean, I prefer to do it here on my.

Oh, I mean, it's just, but you don't plug the book.

What do you mean by that?

You clearly need a bath.

So fucking bad.

Were you or you were giving shit to like your coworkers and your family coworkers?

I wouldn't consider Devan a co-worker.

He's more like a boss, a subordinate kind of relationship.

Even more unhealthy.

You know, when you get in the bathtub, yeah, sometimes when you think you're hot shit, you get in there and you realize, wow, I'm weightless.

I weigh the same things everybody else.

You ever think about that?

I have an eye.

Usually when I think I'm hot shit, I found out I'm cold diarrhea usually is the boom.

Yeah, boom, boom.

So now you should it's like I'm with dusty, man.

I don't mean to dusty.

Holy shit.

Well, yeah, well, but the book is more of a journal.

Oh, so you are plugging them.

It's empty.

I'm not plugging the book.

I just use it.

So you haven't written a book.

You just it's empty.

Yes, it's my thing.

You wanted to make injuries in a journal that you bought and it's it says it says it's trying to it's it's a workbook.

Scott.

Okay, it's a workbook.

It's trying to help people encourage.

I give it away for free.

I'm not making any profit.

I'm not a profite.

Are you making coffees or you're just I do my talks for free.

So you're buying blank journals in there and blank journals selling them to I scribble out the front.

I scribble out whatever shits on there.

I write path journal on there.

I stack them up.

I have them outside my talks.

Okay, I get them away for free.

You just draw on the cover.

You doodle on the covers.

That is a can I see one of these books?

Yeah, here you go.

Oh, that's gorgeous.

Okay, this one is.

Oh, okay.

Here's a picture of a rainbow.

That's nice with two clouds.

Yeah, I got rainbow to clouds, but then there's lightning bolts coming out of the bottom of the clouds.

Yeah, I mean, I guess that's what causes rainbows.

Yeah, yeah, pretty crazy when you think about it.

Oh, rain actually causes rainbows.

It's a guy.

I mean, never really thought about that.

Here's but.

Next time you're having a rough day, maybe think about that.

So now here's here's the tub and think like, Hmm, shit, fucking it's raining out sad.

And then it'll be like, you know, maybe a rainbow or two will come out of this.

I noticed someone that you've written your name down over and over here, but it's it doesn't a Brooke Flagstaff.

It says Brooke Patalingo.

Who's what is this?

Okay.

All right.

Fuck.

Yeah.

Oh, you got me, Scott.

Who's what the fuck is this?

An ambush show.

Are you?

Is that your real name or something you want to get married to?

Yeah.

Okay.

This is our show.

This is not it's not an ambush show traditionally, but I just see Brooke Patalingo here.

Well, written several times, and cursive with like hearts above the eye and.

Sweetie.

Okay.

Oh, Brooke, you're wait.

So you're dating someone named Brooke.

I'm also dating a Brooke Patalingo.

You're also dating a Brooke Patalingo.

Like book your book together forever.

That's right.

Okay.

I don't.

My last name changes frequently.

Why?

When I get married, I take on my wife's last name.

Oh, okay.

I don't believe in the.

It's sexist to do the reverse.

Yeah.

To only do the reverse.

Are you married again after your full marriage?

Well, I'm working on it.

Oh, so you're just testing out the waters?

I'm testing it out.

I don't know how it feels.

I don't know.

I like Flagstaff.

Well, I think Patalingo has a lot of connotations that I enjoy.

In my way.

Like a little like.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Got it.

So Brooke Pat, what does Brooke do?

Does she work with the animal control people?

Yeah, she's in animal control.

I'm shitting where they eat.

Well, it's just, I mean, this is how I meet these people.

Yeah.

You know, I go.

Yeah, a lot of loose animals.

Yeah, well, you know, we'll, I'll like have something with the grandkids or whatever.

And I'll have to go meet up with the ladies or you know.

You haven't explained this very well.

I don't know what you mean.

You have something with the grandkids.

Yeah.

You have to meet up with the ladies.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, because it's also their grandchild as well.

What?

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Got it.

This guy need somebody fill up a tub.

Somebody explain to this guy how grandparents work.

Holy shit.

Well, gosh, Brooke, it's salts.

Brooke Fled flag flag staff, AKA paddle lingo.

Perhaps to be maybe someday.

Yeah.

You buy a ring yet?

You're going to get down on what knee or when it wins the fifth time is it just like, let's cut through the, you said it before bullshit.

Yeah.

You can do this.

I go bigger every time.

Oh, wow.

More and bigger every time.

More and more extreme.

Wow.

Skyriders.

Yeah.

I get skyriders and I know a shit ton of skyriders from my storm chasing days.

Really?

Why?

They're skyriding during a storm?

Well, yeah.

I mean, the best storm fliers, guys who like, you know, it's a challenge for them.

Yeah.

They'll usually moonlight as skyriders.

Right.

That's just, you know, that's just the market calls for it.

Yeah.

They need the money.

So, wow.

It's not surprising that you don't know that Scott.

It is a bright.

I mean, the things you learn on this.

I'm an all.

This is an educate.

You are an educator.

This is an educational podcast.

Let's go ahead.

I do.

Yeah.

Wow.

Well, Brooke, Flagstaff, nay, paddle lingo at some point, someday.

It's a pleasure knowing you.

Can you stick around because we have to take a break and get to our next guest.

You timed out the amount of time.

I actually do have to go, but I will come back and make and just edit.

How long do you want us to wait for you?

You guys go ahead.

They'll edit me back.

Oh, okay.

So you recorded a whole bunch of.

Yeah.

I got a bunch of sides and thank you.

And I'm pretty good.

Yeah.

I'm pretty good at kind of.

For your awareness, conversations are going to go.

Okay.

Great.

I've been doing this for the editing team is on.

Can we hear one of these things?

Yeah.

I think you give us some drops of wood.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Let me just take out the old boom box.

Okay.

Wow.

That's giant.

That's like a radio rekeams size from a do the right thing.

Oh, yeah.

I love Spike Lee joints.

Yeah.

Adam, all the joints of the world.

Guy loves a bath.

Yeah.

Does he really?

Spike, yes.

He's always asking me where buddies.

He's always asking me.

Yeah.

We're buddies with that.

Oh, what am I going to name drop all the people on bad buddies with?

Come on.

Please don't.

Okay.

Let's hear one of these drops.

Oh, yeah.

Wow.

Thanks.

Wow.

That was really good.

I mean, that would fit in.

You put that anywhere.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you're just going to leave the boom box here or?

Yeah, I'm just going to leave the boom box here.

And you want us to be in charge of the guys are coming in.

You guys can press it whenever you want.

Okay.

I hate to be in charge of this.

I'm happy to be in charge of it.

I'm just right.

Okay.

Dusty comes in here.

Oh, God.

I hope like hell dusty didn't fuck around with my tapes at all.

Okay.

We'll see.

God, if there's some embarrassing shit that pops up, I am going to be so fucking mad.

Okay.

Well, I'm sure there won't be.

I'm sure Dusty's done his job, but it's very nice knowing you.

I know you got to go.

So I'll see you, but we'll hear from you in the next segment.

Okay.

That is great.

Yeah.

It's a pleasure.

Brookpad lingo or flagstaff, of course.

Great to meet you.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a record producer.

This is exciting.

I'm a music lover.

Bean dip.

You like music?

I love music.

Do through.

Do.

I love do through.

Do around hip hop jazz or country Western.

Yeah.

Rocker ball.

I love 90s and 90s grunts, though.

That's a leave that to the other guy.

So, so have you all wife of me?

Yeah.

We're going to be right back with more from Bean Dip and a record producer.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang of this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back here.

We have Bean Dip here is here with my special co-host.

And I hope you don't disappear for another six and a half months.

No, I plan to not disappear.

So.

Yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's what I, that's also what they said in the magic shop when they're like, if you have some people you want to kill, take this paper.

Yeah.

Well, we just got a lot of the trust.

It's thanks a lot.

We really do.

And of course, well, we just heard from Brooke Flagstaff.

He's not here, but I know as you press the button.

I did.

Well, here's one more from book.

It is, Sonny.

Yeah, it is.

It is today.

Well, I mean, it's California in the in in in in May.

It's not that hard to figure out.

It would be said, but we do need to get to our next guest, a record producer.

Very exciting.

I don't have any information other than that about what records they produce.

Okay.

Well, we'll just go with it.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Jack Persimmons.

Hello, Scott.

It's me, Jack Persimmons.

Oh, good.

Your producer extraordinaire.

Happy to be here with you on terrestrial radio.

Well, it's a pot for well.

Anyway, well, I think I it's a microphone.

I'm talking into it.

It might as well be terrestrial radio.

Jack Persimmons.

Jack Persimmons is the name.

And records is the game.

I'm in the game.

I'm playing the game.

I'm playing to win.

I'm a record producer.

Okay.

You have a very melodious voice that sounds like a radio personality voice, but you're a record producer.

I'm a record producer.

I'm behind the scenes.

So you have that stereotypical DJ voice.

I don't know what you're talking about.

This is the voice I have.

It's the voice of an old media person.

I just how we spoke when I was producing records.

Oh, really?

Yes, that's right.

This is just a common cadence that men of a certain age have when they were.

How old are you?

How old are I?

Well, let's see.

I was born in 1942.

Oh, wow.

Okay.

So 80 years old, 80 years young.

I like to say, has anyone ever said that before?

80 years young.

Thanks.

I've never heard of it.

I was looking to face.

Yeah.

What do you think, Brooke?

That's great.

Okay.

I like this Brooke guy.

Well, Brooke's got a hell of a person.

No, that's a boombox actually.

Oh, I see.

Sorry.

I ended up by glasses.

Yeah.

The speakers, you thought those were eyes.

I did.

Yeah.

Let me put out my old horn rim Ray bands.

Oh, yes.

I see.

Yeah.

Perscription Ray bands.

Yes.

You never would prescription sunglasses in Dorskott.

You've clearly never produced a record.

Well, wonderful.

This is being did, by the way.

Hello, being dead.

Hi, your brand.

She's a person.

Beep has a wild energy that I really respond to, but I'm not ready for.

You know what I mean?

You're up because I'm about to sit closer to you.

I welcome it.

That's just the kind of behavior we enjoy in the recording industry.

Well, you were a little baby.

Did you talk like that too?

Yes.

They're all going golf for us.

Goo Goo Gaga.

I'm a baby on terrestrial rating.

Wow.

I love it.

I can listen to this guy talk all day.

That's right.

Fortunately, well, we don't have all day to listen to you.

No, but as you said, I'll have as well.

What you said I'd have as much time as Brooke took, so I'll be doing about an hour and a half.

That seems like a slightly broke.

You have any rejoinder to that?

Well, you know, you can bathe just about anywhere.

See, he said that he was going to actually was good at figuring out where the conversation is.

I thought that was dead on.

That turned me into a writer.

Anyway, I'll do about an hour and a half.

Then I'll have my editing team for my recording studio.

We got some quibbles with how the previous segment was.

No, no, no.

I'm just saying.

Let me talk waiting to come on the show.

Not that.

Not the previous guy.

I understand the realities.

I just want to let you know I'm also going to be taken by time.

Okay.

I'm not rushing you.

You rush all you want, Scott.

You set the tempo, all right.

It's your studio.

That's how I used to do it.

Right.

Oh, really?

So you used to have a studio.

I used to have a studio.

I'm the CEO and founder.

Tell you what?

Tell us about your record producers.

I would love to.

I just wanted to get that question.

No, that's great.

I didn't expect to be talking about that today, but let's talk.

One of the really questions is more of a declarative command.

And I'm happy to follow in your command.

Tell us.

I started tone deaf records in Chattanooga, Tennessee in the year 1965.

And was that tone deaf like deaf D-E-F?

Absolutely not.

Oh.

No way would I spell a word differently than God intended.

Oh, okay.

So you think all words that are in the dictionary.

That's what we're about, Colin.

Wow.

No reason to believe otherwise.

Okay.

So this is tone deaf.

It's such a strange name for a record label.

How do you mean?

Well, tone deaf usually implies that the person singing can't figure out the pitch they're supposed to be singing in is wildly off base.

Huh.

Which if you're playing baseball being wildly off base, it's fine if you're rounding the bases, coming towards home.

But I'm not playing football.

But if you're just like running out into the outfield, you know, it's like dude.

Yeah.

Just keep it in the infield, right?

That's right.

Well, Brooke says that's right.

I'm going to take the note.

I'm going to maybe think about changing the old name there.

Oh, I mean, I'm sure you- I just put together two words that sounded hip, you know, that was one of my goals.

Yeah, deaf sounds very good.

You know, we produced rhythm and blues and soul music records.

Oh, really?

Yes, we did.

And some of the biggest names- Where were you based?

Chattanooga, Tennessee.

It's a lovely part of the country.

Beamed if you ever go to Chattanooga.

All the time I have a couple of properties there.

Do you really?

Wow.

Couple.

A couple.

You know the place with a red door?

Oh, yes, I do.

Yes.

That's fine.

It's got a bit of a reputation around town.

You know, you're not in the door.

It was really a party house in Chattanooga.

Party house in Chattanooga.

Ha ha, correct.

All right.

Well, what dance word?

Well, some of the biggest names in soul music came through the doors of my studio.

Ray Glyn.

Aretha Franklin recorded for Tone Def?

I thought that she was with Atlantic.

That's correct because I turned her down.

Oh, it turned all of them down.

No, Ray Charles.

Ray Charles, too.

Aretha Franklin.

Stevie Wonder turned him down.

Sam Cooke?

Sam Cooke, get the hell out of my office.

No, you said that to Sam Cooke?

I said it to Sam and he was dead soon after.

To be honest, he's confusing because it's like he should be Sam Singer.

That was one of many notes I had for him.

I said, Sam, lose the cook.

You're a singer, man.

They buy your record.

It's in the shape of like a pizza.

They assume you cooked it.

People are breaking their teeth.

They go, what the hell?

Am I supposed to eat this?

I go, no.

Sam, we need people to put records on turntables, not in their mouths.

We've all eaten records.

We got them right.

Broke hitting the post.

Incredible.

And by the way, being to great timing on hitting that button, beautiful timing.

I love it when a player comes together.

Yeah, Hannibal.

Hey, well, you see, I turned the movie Hannibal.

Hannibal ended crazy where he cuts off the top of someone's head and then eats his brain.

I'm not ready to see a movie like that.

That doesn't sound acceptable.

You want to work up to it?

Yeah, maybe.

Maybe not.

Okay, maybe something like a lesser.

What's in between?

Maybe, uh...

I don't like Greece.

Greece, yeah.

They write off in a flying car at the end.

It kind of acclimates you to be like...

I don't know if I'm ready for that either.

It will fly back.

And that sort of gets...

Rusty, what are you doing?

You recording this?

Shit.

Shut down.

What are you doing, man?

Try the...

Try the van!

So, does he surreptitiously recording all this stuff?

I thought that I...

Dusty just rolling tape at any time in the van.

Did you ever do that?

Just roll tape?

Sometimes I just roll tape on an empty studio to try the camera.

So you had no artists?

Well, I had some artists, but the reason I turned them all down was for one simple reason.

And this is what I told all these artists.

I said, looked them dead in the eye.

And I said, white kids aren't ready to listen to this kind of music.

Oh, that's a misstep.

It's rhythmic.

It's got a driving beat.

It's infectious.

It makes you want to dance.

Who's going to buy this record?

Okay?

Yeah.

So that's how I turned them away.

I just said, you know what?

Let's stick with the old, okay?

Let's go with the tried and true.

And so what kind of records did you actually make?

Well, I had a stable, very interesting artist.

I had a group called the Harmonicats.

The Harmonicats?

Name?

Yes, that's right.

It's a real band of three white men who all played different sized harmonics and...

Different sized?

Different sized.

They played the chromatic harmonica.

What is the purpose of the different sizes?

It was just novelty.

More holes, more notes in a larger harmonica.

And that's the truth.

Interesting.

Yeah, interesting.

They would play things like John Philip's Sousa marches with a harmonica.

And that actually sounds good.

That's the kind of music white kids were ready to listen to.

My wife had to capture a harmonic cap.

That's eerie.

And that is unbelievable.

Yeah, but it's true, the Harmonicats were known for getting loose around town and rooting through people's trash.

The way the human beings are harmonics.

The harmonicats, they were owning a bunch.

Eventually I had to cut them from the label.

I said, you know what, people aren't ready to have you run into their backyards.

You seemed like you thought you had your finger on the pulse of what people were ready for and you seemed to...

I know I did.

You were 100% wrong on everything?

You know, I think I'm right.

Why not the rooting through people's trash?

Sure.

People weren't ready for that.

But history thinks I'm wrong about the music.

I've actually appeared in most music biopics ever made.

Really?

I'm in the first 30 minutes.

It's a character based on me.

And it's someone who liked me.

It's an uptight piece of shit.

That's right.

Well, hey, watch yourself.

Okay.

I've not a piece of shit.

I'm actually...

I'm not even ready to hear that about myself.

But you're a nice fella.

I'm a nice fella.

Some uptight.

I'm in a gray suit.

I've got my Ray Bands on and a tie clip that is aggressive.

And I get right at their faces and I say, Ray Charles, my kids aren't ready to listen to this music.

Right.

And then you walk out of the room, make some sort of edict or an ultimate.

Right.

You'll never work in show business.

As sure as my name is Jack the Sivitz.

So you were in what?

Ray.

You were in...

The Aretha Franklin biopict the Just Game.

It was respect.

Yeah.

Respect.

Yeah.

What was the James Brown one that...

Get on it.

That's right.

I was in that piece of shit.

What about...

Let's see.

What else?

How about...

I can't figure any.

I wonder what he's talking about.

He could be talking...

Maybe he's thinking of storms.

You can't think of any storms.

Which was rising with storms.

Yeah, that would be wild.

Yeah.

That would be crazy.

He loved it.

No, but yeah.

So I turned all these musical artists down and you know what?

I don't regret a thing.

You don't regret a thing.

I don't regret a thing.

Sure, I could have had the glitz and glamour of signing a Ray Charles and being an actual successful...

I mean, this is why people get into the record business is to sell a lot of units.

Not me.

I got into it to protect the listening years of the American public.

So you were a gatekeeper.

I was a bit of a gatekeeper and I understood what people wanted to...

And let me be perfectly clear.

It's not that I think white kids shouldn't have been listening to this music.

It's beautiful.

Right.

That's the best music I've ever heard.

Straight out of Compton.

He just has to ask him for directions.

No, that is what the Paul G about these characters loosely based on some of my behaviors.

Sherry Heller?

Yeah, something like that.

Yes.

I was briefly producing NWA for a afternoon.

For one after one.

For one after one?

For one after one.

For one after two.

Yeah.

I said yes because too many...

You didn't know what it stood for?

I didn't know.

No idea.

Let me assure the listening public I had no idea what it stood for.

I was very nice.

Nice.

Why?

The award winners.

That's right.

Nice white award winners.

Yeah.

And then it turned out it was...

I'll tell you what upset me the most.

The attitude.

It was just enforced.

Yeah, that's how it worked out about it.

Too much attitude.

I couldn't handle it.

And so that's why I said, you know what, I'm going to have to quit.

Why don't you get a guy with a long ponytail in here?

He can finish the record for it.

And they did.

Wow.

But so let me be clear.

It's not that they shouldn't...

White kids shouldn't listen to this music.

It's that they are physically not ready to hear it.

Right.

They will hurt themselves.

But they were ready.

They made all of these records very pop.

I think you'll find if you look at the medical statistics in the 1960s.

Really?

That many white teenagers were shattering hips.

No.

They tried to gyrate to the music.

Were they getting like CTE from...

They were getting severe CTE from a reckless combination of gospel and rhythm and blues.

Okay.

And so I wanted to produce records that would keep them rigidly straight.

Okay.

Right.

And this is why I...

Maybe tapping a toe here and there.

Tapping it that we had one of the best toe tappers in the business.

Really?

Who is this?

Johnny Feldspar.

And Johnny could tap his toe with such a lack of syncopation you wouldn't feel an ounce of rhythm.

Wow.

You would go, wow, this is like I'm listening to a metronome or something.

This is incredible.

And white kids were ready for that.

They were ready for that.

How many records did you sell?

I think about seven records.

Is that seven records?

Oh, that's total?

That's total.

That's total worldwide.

That should point out.

Oh, one in Japan.

Really?

Yeah.

Interesting.

That's great.

Was been you dying for starting in business?

Yeah.

How do you make money?

How do I make money?

I mean, or how do you eat food?

How do you eat food and how do you make money?

I eat food and make money the same way as everybody else.

One fork full of time.

Sure.

By that I mean I rob soup kitchens.

What?

No.

Rob soup kitchens.

I have a large and I don't do it with a gun.

I'm going to use a large barbecue fork and I run it and I say, give me all your goddamn money with a large barbecue fork.

Well, what are those?

I mean, they're sharp.

Those are intimidating.

They're sharp as can be, Scott.

Sure.

And I run it and I say, give me all your money.

Okay.

And they'll give me money and also some soup.

I would, yeah, I think you would ask for the actual food because I can just eliminate the middleman.

I'm hungry as well.

His son of a bitch needs a soap.

He's not wrong, folks.

I need a soap.

I know he's talking about someone else, but he's not wrong.

He's not wrong.

I mean, I haven't bathed in months.

I don't have a month.

I don't have a home per se.

Oh, no.

Oh, this is like being dead when she was growing up in the dark.

Wow.

Yeah, man.

You need to get to North Shore.

I do need to get to Nordstrom.

Yeah.

I'm trying to sell Nordstrom some of my records that they could play in their stores.

You need to be like a consulting producer on a sitcom or something like that.

Right.

Sort of a just like a part-time job or something just for that would be a wonderful fit.

If any sitcom producers are listening, I would be happy to provide you with some of the most soulless, bland background music to get you from point A to point Jokes that have been on other shows.

That's right.

Jokes, he sure.

I'll use them.

I have no ethics.

All right.

I'll do it.

I don't give a damn.

That's got to hurt.

Sure.

We could use that.

Did I do that?

I think it's public domain at this point.

I heard what I heard.

It's like Mickey Mouse.

Sure.

It's all fun.

Her goal is just like Mickey Mouse.

He's a public domain.

Yep.

Oh, he's right behind me, isn't he?

Oh, shit.

Sure.

That's a joke we could use.

He was attacking this.

Someone might have been behind Brooke.

I don't want to get a wellness check on Brooke.

Yeah.

Can we check on Brooke?

Let's check on Brooke.

Get a wellness check.

And we'll edit out when we check for Brooke.

Yeah.

You know, and, but, you know, that's why I tell you, I just, I just signed a very exciting new artist.

Oh, so you're still in the bid.

I am still trying to produce in the bid.

I just signed a player piano I saw in a Western one.

Really?

Wait, that you saw it in like a old Western?

I signed an old Western real bravo.

Tract it down.

I found the original player piano.

Where was it?

It was working out of a dive bar in Sedona, Arizona.

I said, I said, how would you like to be in the record business?

You were talking to the, I did.

I walked over to the, I, you realize that it's, it's a mechanical thing.

It's not like, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, Scott, you're like, I'm sorry, both sides, both sides on this issue.

This piano had so much soul, more so than even I was ready for.

I was sitting at the bar, I had to drink about 16 jacking cokes to sing myself.

How many do you normally, normally I, I'm typing at 12.

Okay.

I kept it at a smooth Jimmy Fallon 12.

Sure, yeah.

A JFD.

That's right.

It doesn't.

But this time I had to go for it.

I did, I had 60 jacking cokes.

Wow.

I threw up into my suit jacket and I walked over.

And the inside pocket?

That's an inside pocket corner pocket.

That's right.

Yeah, that's right.

I hit the eight ball.

That's right.

And I walked up to the player piano and I said, how do you like it?

I said, how I leaned on it hard.

I said, how would you like to be in the record business?

And the next thing I knew I was pushing that player piano out of the bar being chased by the bar backs.

That's, that you have to go fast then with the piano.

It's possible I was beaten within an inch of my life.

Oh, okay.

That's why my left eye doesn't work.

Oh, but they didn't want to push the piano back in.

Yeah.

Well, and I begged and pleaded and I was covered in my own blood and tears and spit it.

I said, please let me have it.

Let me have the player piano.

I haven't had a record in years.

So they said they would, oh, this guy's got a metal.

Took pity on you.

Yeah.

He left me alone.

I took that beautiful player piano and I recorded all two songs that did you have to play over and over and over again.

You can buy new roles for those.

Can you?

Let me write this down.

Okay.

There's no way to cry in the tub.

Now that's just good advice.

That's not specific.

Maybe if I had been in a tub, I could have signed more.

Put the piano in the tub.

She puts the piano in the tub.

Okay.

I have no reference to.

The aforementioned Hannibal Preak.

Oh, no thank you.

Okay.

White kids aren't ready to watch that kind of movie.

All right.

It's violent and intense.

Very concerned about white kids.

Like I feel like white kids were too overprotective.

Well, it was a fascination.

Well, just grunting.

It's just a good, just a throat clear.

I'll tell you exactly what my fascination with white kids is.

I've got four beautiful white boys of my own.

Okay.

Well, yeah.

I don't say it to say that they're beautiful because they're white.

They're just happened to be white.

They're beautiful boys.

It happened to me.

None of them are mine.

Oh, they fell off a truck.

Wow.

And I took the...

Wait, so you were on the freeway and behind a truck?

That's exactly right there.

And four kids fell off?

I was driving down the freeway just the other day.

Just the other day.

Listening to the radio, incensed by all the syncopation I was hearing.

Okay.

And then before I knew it, four beefy milk fed boys fell off the back of a truck.

Like, like, I win corn fed.

Hey, corn fed boys.

They just fell off the back of a truck.

They fell off the back of a truck.

I jumped out of my car.

I...

Well, I was...

You stopped.

I was stabbed in the freeway.

I was nervous to approach them.

I had a quick 22.

You're on the freeway, by the way.

You probably don't need to stop.

I mean, I...

I had to.

I had to stop.

I could have killed them.

Yeah.

I had a quick 22 jacking cokes and I sidled up to them, leaned on them hard.

And I said, how would you like a dad in the record business?

And did they...

They...

They wanted their...

They...

They were confused.

I think they might have been suffering some severe head trauma, so I put some tape over the mouse through them in the back of the old El Dorado.

And the next thing they do, they woke up in the basement of my recording studio.

I think you are ready for Hannibal.

I might be.

The more I'm talking about it, the more I feel ready for anything at all.

You seem like a buffalo bill type.

Well, you know...

I don't mean Dabney Coleman.

God forbid.

Now...

Let me ask you this.

What's the first thing you do when you wake up in the morning?

Well...

Pick up your phone.

Well, you...

That's the same pick up the phone.

That'd be.

I listened to the beautiful records I made.

Like...

First thing...

The first thing of the morning, I signed Kim Catral and her weird husband who played the stand-up business.

When they were doing the weird jacket...

Scatter.

Yeah, that is perfect music that white kids are ready for.

They wrote a book about oral sex, I believe.

They did...

I wonder who he's talking about.

They are not ready for that book.

He gets...

That's true.

You can get any other book about oral sex.

There's like a couple books.

That was the best.

Yeah, that was the best one.

I published a book about oral sex on the record label, actually.

You did.

It was titled...

Don't worry about it.

You couldn't handle it.

Oh.

Jack persemons his guide to oral sex.

It was just a bunch of blank pages.

And the record label published a book.

The record label published a book because I said the records aren't moving.

I've got all this paper for the fronts of the records.

What about the backs?

The backs as well.

It's a good point.

Yeah.

Go ahead and print my guide to oral sex.

But it was just two pages.

Two pages blank saying, you know, blank with a little bit of type at the front of the side just like, don't look into this.

Yeah.

You can't...

Because I asked my boys.

I said, boys.

Oral sex.

Could you handle it?

Oh yeah.

At that point they'd be very frightened of you.

They were strange.

They were asking them.

They were terrified.

Are they still in the basement?

As far as I know, they're still in the basement.

Yes.

They're beautiful boys.

I don't care.

What if you'd stop saying...

They're beautiful boys.

They're my beautiful cast about oral sex.

My beautiful son, sometimes I'll play them in the music of the day just to see like, can you handle this?

Right.

And they'll often react in such a shocking way.

They'll write about it, scream and wail and gnash their teeth and I'll go, okay.

That's enough.

Lauren Hill for the day.

You know what I mean?

This is...

You can't handle this.

I don't know about that.

But I think it freaky stuff, Jack.

Thank you, Rick.

I'll say.

I think it might be that the sound levels are too loud at the basement.

I think they're just reacting to the...

No, I don't.

I don't know.

They might be reacting to the fact that you're holding on my device when I get to the...

Yeah, hostage.

I keep hearing this.

This is what everybody says.

Are there people who said this to you?

Many other people who said this to me, you know, Kim Cottrell said this to me, which came into record.

She said...

Really?

Between scats.

Between scats and reading poems, she would say, what's that screaming coming from the basement?

And I said, you're not ready for that, okay Kim?

Why don't you stick to what you do best?

Weirdly reciting half remembered poems.

Your husband slaps the bass.

Did she respond well to that conversation?

You know what?

That's actually the secret sauce that she thrives on.

That's what Sarah Jessica Parker and the rest of the gang never understood.

They never understood that she wants to be next.

She wants to be hard-necked.

Put her down, okay?

Yeah.

As soon as she walked in the door, I said, huh, I thought you'd be prettier.

And that got her right in the headspace to record.

She couldn't have been more excited to get in front of that microfiber.

That's a technique I'll use on a lot of my artists.

You know, I would do that with the harmonicats.

I would say like, you boys are dumber than a bag of harmonicas.

And then they go, we just have a half one right here.

Right.

And then I beat them with the bag of harmonicas.

Whoa, doesn't leave any bruises.

That's right.

That's a technique I would.

That's in my guide to beating people and not leaving a bruise.

Oh, does that one have lots of pages?

Lots of pages of that one.

Yes.

Plenty.

It's available now at no bookstores.

Yeah, I wouldn't think so.

It's sort of shocking that this is the siamca who wasn't sure if he could handle the car flying away.

Yeah, I know.

This guy's a real weirdo.

Oh, well, you know, there's one secret to the record business that is also a secret to living a haunting double life compartmentalization.

If you put it in a box, you don't have to look directly at the horrors of your own personality.

That's like, you know, if you have a bunch of dirty clothes in your bedroom lying on the floor, put them in a hamper.

You don't have to think about it anymore.

That's a good idea.

I'm going to write that down.

We'll stop going to the bedroom.

Yeah, or if you have a lot of water in your bathroom, put it in the tub.

Yeah, take a soak.

Dave, I don't know about that.

Okay.

Well, he's a whole thesis.

Brooke knows best.

I've referred to him.

Okay.

Well, shit, that's a V5.

Serve the car.

Oh, no.

He's worried about the faster car.

Worried about the amount of cylinders in the car that might be colliding into his own.

What a fascinating life.

What an interesting guy.

Wow.

Well, some of you have interesting guys, Jack.

You're an interesting guy.

I hope so.

And I appreciate you dropping by, but we're running out of time.

Would it surprise you?

Has it been an hour to have already?

It has.

Unbelievable.

The good boys have whittled this down to just the salient points.

Wow.

Sorry.

Oh, hey.

Hey, hey, Brooke.

Yeah, I'll pick back up.

Don't mind me.

Oh, yeah.

You could you close in whatever happened to the guy with the V8 or the V6?

V5.

Yeah.

V5 Storm, the finger of God.

Oh, it's the category of storm.

We were.

Were you guys talking about that?

We got a fast car coming towards you.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah, that did happen once.

V5 car with the V5 engine just fucking came up on me.

That's right.

Okay.

Scared the hell out of me.

I wasn't driving.

Dusty was behind the wheel.

Dumb bastard.

Wait.

So what happened?

Well, do we have time?

I mean, I need to take away from your side.

No, let's go another couple hours and whittle down whatever we need to.

By the way, could the editors cut out all the time?

As I said, white kids.

I don't think I know.

They were shaking their heads.

They got a reaction in the room that was not the best.

You know, yeah.

My bad.

Sounds like I missed a good one.

Well, who knows who could say at this point, but we are running at a time.

We just actually have one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called plugs.

Publicity.

Blood.

Promote.

Dust.

Promote.

V.

Black.

V.

That's knowledge.

V.

So a grande dies.

Hypersily.

Hypers.

So a grande dies.

Hypersily.

Hypers.

Hypersily.

V.

Oh, okay.

That was Bally Who?

By Grizzle.

Bally Who?

I was not ready to hear that.

Yeah.

Disgusting.

Yeah, you didn't like that.

No.

Thank you to Grizzle for that.

If you have your plugs theme, send them on in.

What do we want to...

You know what I'm saying when I say that?

What do we want to plug?

Being dip, obviously you have so much going on, but if we could whittle it down to just like a few things, what do you want to plug here?

I would say everybody should watch Bob Conner Bally on White Lotus.

Yeah.

Well, whatever the voice to watch show is.

Whatever it was.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Yeah.

And if you like watching TV shows, watch...

You mentioned Nicole Kidman was on it from those AMC things where she's like heartbreak happens here and we feel good about it.

I think so.

She's like a cult lady.

Yeah.

The cult of movie, AMC movies later.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

She also introduces all that old movies.

Yeah.

She does it in live in person a lot of times.

She gives people a thrill.

She comes out, that commercial starts playing and then it's like when you see the Marvel guys going around like Robert Downey Jr. introducing Endgame or whatever.

Everyone freaks out when Nicole Kim, we come to say, watch this Black or White movie.

Yeah, exactly.

I introduce all the movies at the Chattanooga A.C.

Dude, you're really...

I do.

Okay.

You're all right.

What's going on?

Sorry, just got it.

Just too much Jack in the back of the...

Well, that voice must be very hard to maintain.

It's so smooth.

Can't believe I picked it.

Hey, I say that about my voice every day.

It's like, boy, when I was three years old, this is the one I chose.

Boy, what else is out there?

If people like watching things, they should go watch a show called The Watch Is Jump Stars, HBO Max.

Yeah, that's a good show.

What do you like about it?

I'm just like people say to be having fun.

That's what I like in a show.

It's people having fun.

Yeah, people seem like to have fun.

Yeah, it's good.

Yeah, all right.

Hey, Jack, you're back.

Do you have anything to plug here?

Or you mean me, Brooke?

Yeah.

We'll fix that post for me, wouldn't you?

I'll get the boys on it.

I'll get my boys on it, my beautiful boys.

So please don't bring them up.

Well, we'll bring them around and I'll be the authorities.

You almost got me to let them go, Scott.

I never will.

Okay.

He'd be responsible for that.

Well, I mean, really, the only thing I want to plug is good baby to each and every one of you.

Your whole thing.

Yeah.

I mean, that's a big part of my life is the beat.

I mean, I hear Brooke Jack.

I got that from you.

Yeah.

Coughing up alone.

I'm like, get this guy in a tub.

Serious.

I'm still the trip to the doctor.

I went to the doctor.

It was a freaking nightmare.

That's not been established.

Yeah.

We added that up.

Okay.

We had to do that out.

Doesn't matter.

Okay.

So, I've been listening to the action boys podcast on Patreon.

Really?

Man, I've heard that.

Man, they're covering some crazy movies.

What are they doing these days?

They're talking about a bunch of old action movies that from like the 80s and 90s, maybe even stuff like a twister, which is fresh in somebody's brain.

Why they were thinking about storm chasers.

Interesting.

And how do people get to that?

Oh, you can find it on patreon.com.

Action boys with a Z.

Okay.

Wonderful.

If you want to look it up.

And the other Jack.

What's it?

Let's be Jack Prime.

Yeah.

That's right.

Jack Prime, Percibis records is the game.

I'm playing the game.

I lost the game.

I have no money.

I never sold a record.

Seven records.

Anyway, if people like entertainment that's bland, inoffensive and generally soft, they could listen to the podcast firsthand.

What is that now?

I think I've heard about this.

Yes.

It's a wonderful podcast where Devin Field and Greg Galant, two beautiful boys, they're television writers.

You're thinking about beautiful boys.

Well, when I see beauty, I talk about it.

Okay.

But podcast where they talk to people who witnessed important events in history firsthand.

Oh, interesting.

Isn't that a beautiful title for that, Jim?

I mean, it's just- What's it called again?

First hand.

Okay.

And Greg Galant, you say.

Greg Galant and Devin Field.

And Devin Field.

And if you love Devin Field and how could you not?

I mean, this guy is milk toast.

You could go to Paramount Plus and check out his Comedy Central presents half hour stand up special.

That's right.

It is incredibly boring.

And they chopped anything out that was remotely edgy.

But I'm sure the interface for Paramount Plus is just beautiful.

Absolutely seepers.

Sure.

You can get to the Star Trek stuff you want to see really easily.

I find the easiest way is go in, go to the search bar, search via comm.

That'll take you to a big drop down menu of anything and everything you might want to see.

Okay.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Well, gosh, I want to plug first of all CBBworld.com.

We have some great shows out there.

A lot of good CBB presents.

Some good Scott has in scenes that we've been doing lately.

We did sisterhood of the traveling pants and major pain and we have some good movies coming up.

And but also got, I got to plug the CBB tour.

We are announcing the dates today and we are putting the tickets on sale this week.

That's right.

Let me announce these dates.

August 1st in Minneapolis, then we go to Madison, Chicago, St. Louis, San Antonio, Austin, Houston, San Francisco, Portland, Vancouver, Seattle, Los Angeles, Atlanta, Charlotte, Washington, DC, Brooklyn, Boston, Providence, Rhode Island, Portland, Maine, Cleveland, Ohio, Detroit and Toronto.

All of those dates go on sale this week.

Wednesday is the presale.

And by the way, let me tell you the password for the presale is, oh no, that's just one word.

Oh, H and O.

Those will go on sale Wednesday and regular tickets go on sale Friday.

These are going to be some great shows.

This is myself, Paul of Tompkins and the CBB all stars.

We're going to be switching up the lineups for the dates.

Come out and see us.

We're very excited about seeing you and the LA show, by the way, is a CBBworld exclusive show special event where we will have three shows from the CBBworld universe.

We'll be opening up for us.

So that's going to be an incredible night.

So yeah, come on out.

Tickets on sale Friday and Wednesday is the presale with the password.

Oh, no.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it out.

Take one hand, put it down.

We're going to make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it.

Open up the plug bag.

Open up your heart.

Yeah, that was closing up the plug bag parentheses.

Jamie Lind Drum Machine Mix and parentheses by expats with a hyphen after the X before the P. Thank you so much to expats and speaking of thank you.

I got to thank being to hit right over here.

Bring it, bring it at home here.

Stay the entire time.

Yeah, thanks for having me.

Scott, I had a blast with a capital B. Yeah, what?

I had a blast with a capital B. He said to kind of please.

And look, Jack, what more needs to be said?

You're 80 years old.

You're on your last legs.

You've been a failure your entire life.

And I'll see you next week.

Okay, see you then.

And then Brooke, I forget what name.

What name did you want?

Brooke Flagstaff?

Well, sure.

But what name?

Oh, for my future girlfriend.

I can't remember anymore.

You know what?

With a lighter like.

It was a bit like a put it in a post.

It did sound like on the link is that we have about.

Papalinga.

I can't remember.

But I'll teach you something.

Papadapolis.

But Brooke, it's great to have you here.

And continued success with your showering.

We're in a drought.

So yeah, we shouldn't be showering.

Just keep those tubs full.

Every day.

You can recycle that water and you're going to be thanking me later.

All right.

Well, I do thank you.

It's great to have you.

You know, why don't you play just one last thing on the drops here and see what's what was next.

Okay.

I'll just hit play.

Well, damn, that sounds great.

No.

Hey, Dusty.

Oh, no.

What's going on?

Put the gun down, man.

Oh, my God.

Hey, that's not cool.

Oh, no.

All right.

I don't like joking like that.

I'm not ready to hear this.

Oh, no.

Put it down, Dusty.

Oh, no.

What happens?

Okay.

I'm going to shut this off.

What happened?

That was some sort of altercation with Dusty?

Apparently, I can't even remember.

I can't.

The guy pranks me so.

You remember that?

Well, it's just one of like a billion.

The guys always armed.

He is?

Yeah, he's armed to the teeth.

What happened?

That time?

Yeah.

I think he probably like shot at me.

It's just a classic Dusty maneuver.

Hey, if you're shooting, you want to shoot at someone.

Yeah.

He's shooting himself.

That's bad.

His own feet.

Yeah.

Like in a Western, you don't have real bravo.

Oh, my ears burned up.

They burned up?

Yeah, they out.

Are you all right?

I got to get out of here.

All right.

Well, we all have to get out of here.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Here you go.

Bye.

You I'm going to go ahead and get out of here.
