♪♪♪ Panic at the Disco, uh, no thank you. I'll panic at home for free by looking at the news. Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

What's that?

That is... Oh hello. Hello, sir. Please step into the light.

Tell me who you are.

Oh, sorry. Should I not talk this soon?

Uh, you can talk any time you like.

I've never been on the show this soon before.

Yeah, hello. Please, sir. Come out of the shadows.

Well, you know who I am. I'm not from your voice.

You're playing it. I get it. I'm sorry. I'll play along.

I did. There's nothing you play along with. I have no idea.

I am a mysterious stranger. You are mysterious. You are a stranger.

I'm coming. You're in the shadows. I'm coming up now out of the shadows and into the light.

Hi, Scott. This is me, Cal Solomon.

Oh, Cal Solomon. Our old friend, Cal. It's good to see you.

Were you booked on the show today? No. Oh, okay. Well, do you want to be on the show today?

I was in the neighborhood and they said, hey, can you be on the show?

Celebrity don't do it anymore.

I said, well, I am a founding member of the Sugar Hill Gang.

Uh, and then I told the whole story.

Oh, okay. Oh, I'd love to hear some of that story again.

No, you know if I know. I do.

Let me get some business out of the way, Cal, before we talk to you, though.

Sorry. Should I go wait in the lobby? No, please. That's where the afterparty is.

Let's, uh, first of all, I want to say thank you to Call Waiting for Godot for that wonderful catchphrase submission. What that was was a catchphrase submission. See, for maybe a year of the show in its early days, I used to say my catchphrase, what's a pot dog, which was the genesis of which has something to do with being in a 7-Eleven and about to be going on to Jimmy Pardo's podcast. Never not funny. And I told whatever story it was.

I don't remember.

I don't catch a lot of that, but a catchphrase is like, you know, Jimmy Pardo.

No. That was part of the thing. I didn't catch.

Catchphrases like dynamite or a socket to me.

Yeah. Did you have a catchphrase, Cal?

Did I? Like, what's something I said a lot?

Well, my name is Cal Solomon. I'm here to say.

I, you know what? I've never worked that into a wrap and maybe I should. Maybe there would be a good starting point for me. Yeah, it should be because it's so easy to rhyme with the word say.

There's, uh, uh, oh, I'm coming up short too.

Too complete blank. I'm going through every letter. All I can, because it's G.

Puree. Puree. Thank you. Okay.

I usually saw my wraps with. Have you ever gone over a friend's house to eat?

Oh, that's right. Maybe that's your catchphrase.

I feel like that's somebody else's. That's taken by the rest of the sugar.

Yeah, like Big Bank Hank. Yeah, exactly.

One to Mike. Sure. One to Mike.

Was that a one with a DERD? Like the, oh, no, Oh, Nighters or was it? No, it was one to like looking around with Wanda.

Okay. So it wasn't like Wanda like, uh, uh, Wanda Vision or a fish called.

I don't know what that is. You don't know what either of those are.

You gotta see both of those. I'm not real, I'm not real good with pop culture stuff.

Well, I would say a fish called Wanda is maybe not in the popular culture necessarily as much.

It was an alternative fringy movie that became a sleeper hit, but Wanda Vision definitely is in the popular culture.

We're all talking about it still a year after it came out.

Wow. What is it? Okay.

Do you know who Wanda is? Like, can you narrow it?

Wanda Mike. Is there a last?

No, that's, that's Wanda Mike. Okay.

Uh, Wanda Maximov. Have you ever heard of her?

No, is she like a princess in Russia or something?

Almost pretty close. She was something called the Scarlet Witch.

What do you mean she was something called them? Well, like a boat?

She was a boat.

And we all watched in TV show about a boat.

So this Russian lady turned into a boat and then what?

And then she meets an android.

Oh, like a robot. A robot. Yes. Exactly. Yes.

With a soul, however, and I believe the an infinity gem inside his forehead.

What? Why do we watch this? It sounds stupid.

What I'm saying is someone has never heard of any of this.

I mean, I'm intrigued.

What's weird is how quickly everyone was on board with it.

I mean, like me knowing about the vision reading Marvel comics.

Who's the vision? That's the android that I'm the aforementioned.

Oh, and his name is the vision. The vision. Yeah. Does he have visions?

Uh, nobody can see through his eyes and that's why they call him that.

Okay, but I mean, I'm not trying to find fault with anything, but I can do that too.

Well, maybe your nickname should be Cal Vision Solomon.

Oh, and then he's the vision to separate like he's not he.

I'm just vision.

He's the lord of all of the people who can see. Cal Vision.

You know, Cal, it's my name is just Cal, but you know, Cal.

It isn't a short for California. I've been we talked about that.

We've talked about it. I don't know if I signed off on that, but I do remember we talked about it and I wished we didn't talk about it.

Oh, okay. Let's never measure it. I only have two wishes left, so please don't make me go back.

Just wish for more wishes.

Is that allowed? That is allowed. They say it's not, but it is.

It doesn't feel sporting. I know. I know.

What do you think your other two are going to be? Gosh, you don't have to commit.

I guess I would wish this is this is not an official wish.

Okay.

So, Jeanie, if you're listening, don't tell me this. Jeanie first of all.

I was walking on the beach. Just the other day. You know, this was years ago.

Oh, I have been holding on to these wishes and then the California Calification talk got so much.

I was like, Jeanie, I wish we never talked about this anymore.

And then, and then the other two, I'm like, oh, no, okay.

I was a bit of a I probably could have dealt with that. I didn't need to make a wish.

So this is a beach, Jeanie? I thought I found the lamp on the beach.

Oh, okay. That's where he ended up. I don't know if he got turned into, you know, like it got sucked into the lamp on the beach.

Oh, yeah. Wouldn't that be funny? It was just playing along on the beach.

Here's what I assumed. It washed up from a faraway shore.

Oh, yes. Yeah.

Do they get sucked into the lamp or do they go in there willingly and get trapped in the lamp?

I felt like because you released them, because you released them from the lamp.

What happened over there? A mic fell to you.

I knew it touched something and I got scared like I was in a haunted house.

But it was just bulla grapes.

Say hi, but keep those for a guess. Feel free to have any, any you like.

It's so hard because when you see a bulla grapes on a table, you're like, oh, no, are you gonna turn the lights off and this is a haunted house?

Or are those just to be? So I peeled them as well.

I think because the Jeanie, when he comes out, he's like, you have released me from the lamp and now I give you three wishes.

So I think they don't want to be in there. Yeah.

I'll pick that up from context clues. But then who would they give wishes to if they weren't in these lamps?

I guess nobody. That seems unfair.

Well, I don't know how taxing it is for the genies to give wishes.

Oh, that's true because they physically have to do everything themselves.

Oh, I never thought about it like behind the scenes.

Like in order to go back in. Behind the jeans.

Thank you.

That's the Vidal Sassoon story. Is that something?

Is that his name?

Oh, yeah, he had jeans. That's why.

He had jeans. Yeah. I forgot that he had jeans.

Or Calvin Klein. That would have been better.

Calvin Klein also had jeans.

Yeah, Levi.

Nothing gets between me and my Calvin's or Calvin's.

I remember it from before.

Yeah, this is very good. You're doing really well, Calvin.

Thank you. I've never been. Please call me, Cal.

Cal. I've never been. I've never been in this position before. It's very exciting.

So when the first person people are hearing.

Yeah, well, I was the first, but you're the first guest.

Well, the first guest I mean.

Yes, exactly.

Do you have any voice and they turn it off?

I don't know. I think that happens with every show.

So don't take it personal.

Do you think I'm divisive?

No, I mean, you're not derisive, which I really appreciate.

Sometimes talking to a guest who's not mean to me.

Oh, no. Does that happen?

Yeah, it happens all the time. You wouldn't believe how many times it happens.

Why would people be mean to you? The host of the show? You're being nice.

Thank you so much, Cal. I appreciate that.

I can't imagine why anybody would have anything less than respect and friendship to offer for you.

And admiration, I would assume.

Sure. I admire you.

Yeah.

You're doing your thing?

Usually. I admire you.

No, why?

Well, you really, that's very flattering, of course.

Well, because you're one of the originals.

I mean, let me explain for the listener.

You're one of the original members of the Sugar Hill Gang.

Yes, I was, I was.

Which, by the way, if you've not heard of them, it was not a rampaging group of street thugs.

Made out of candy.

Made out of candy?

Is that what you said?

Sugar Hill.

Oh, yes.

I mean, if you can imagine the gang, why don't you read into the rest of it?

It's a weird thing to hear when you don't understand what the person's referring to.

Made out of candy.

It's just, knock me for a loop.

Yeah, that's right.

But he was one of the original members of the Sugar Hill Gang, which is a hip-hop collective from the 1980s.

From the 1980s.

Where you thought you were in the Sugar Hill Gang.

I was let go from the group before they recorded their first album.

And before they even knew you were in it.

There was some confusion about that, yeah.

On your part.

I think on both of them.

Well, they pretty much knew they were the Sugar Hill Gang.

And then I believe- Oh, for sure.

They definitely knew we are the Sugar Hill Gang.

Right.

And then I believe you slipped a note under your next door neighbor's door.

Wasn't that the case where you were like, hey, when is rehearsal?

And then he moved away two days later?

Oh, well, what happened was, you know, I was, I can't believe I'm telling the story again.

But it was a backyard barbecue in New Jersey.

And I was, you know, I was neighbors with Wonder Mike.

Wonder Mike, of course.

And I was a big bank hank.

I don't remember myself.

It's been so long.

And so they all started, they started at one point, you know, some of the party moved indoors and people hanging out in the living room.

And a big bank hank and Wonder Mike started rapping.

And I never heard this before.

Right.

And a lot of people had.

It was new.

It was just the members of the group and me.

And I thought, I mean, this group.

Because you started doing it very softly along with them.

I was, I was, I was doing that thing.

And I'm embarrassed that I do this, but I'm one of those people that when people are talking, I try to mow their words along with them.

Right.

Like almost like you're in a play.

Yeah, but I don't know what they're going to say.

But I feel like I'm trying to catch up with my lips.

Right.

With their lips.

Well, I'm trying to, then it's away.

And I'm trying to get rid of me.

Sure.

Yeah.

With your lips to their lips.

Then to God's ears.

Yes, exactly.

And so I thought like we're doing it.

We're doing it.

And then, you know, I was, I would ask questions about it.

And they would just like stare at me, you know, over the ensuing weeks.

And then I heard they were going to the studio and I did, I put a note in the mailbox of Big Bank Hankle Wonder Mike and said, Hey, what time?

And he, he, then we, we had a serious talk.

Oh, you had a serious talk because the last time I believe we talked about this, you said the minute he got that note, suddenly a for sale sign went up outside.

No, I mean, that seems very quick.

Now I would chalk that up to coincidence.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I did move away.

Right.

But we did have a serious talk.

Well, it's the serious talk.

I don't think we've ever talked about.

Well, he said, Look, Cal, you're a nice guy.

You're one of the good ones.

We, we like having you as a neighbor, but I think you misunderstood.

You're not in the sugar hill gang.

Really?

I said, Are you sure Big Bank Hankle Wonder Mike?

Because I remember when we were all doing it and it was really flowing and everybody was feeling good.

We were rapping about, you know, going over at Francis to eat and the food is less than, you know, what you wanted to be.

We were talking about how big our TVs are.

We were talking about their own color, you know, things like that.

Things that back in 1982 or so were 81.

Yeah.

And he said, Braggers, he said, Braggs rather.

I think they kind of still are, right?

If you have a color TV, if you ever got, well, do they even make black and white TVs anymore?

I had one in 1982 or 1983 and I felt like they were on their way out.

I still have one in the kitchen.

You do really, but you bought it back in 1979.

Right.

So it's, it's, it's a wonderful TV.

How big is it?

It's a Zenith.

It's a little guy.

It's one of those little ones in the kitchen.

Yeah.

I had a little 12 inch myself.

Okay.

You wanted to say something, but Cow wouldn't, Cow wouldn't do that.

I wouldn't do that.

I'm Cow.

So, um, yeah.

So I, I said, but, but I was there and he said, he said, Cow man, we didn't know you were there.

Didn't even know you were at the party.

No, you know, I think he knew I was at the party.

He didn't know I was in the room.

Did you bring the gang was being a side over that day?

Oh, what's I've ever talked about this?

Potato salad with raisins in it.

Oh, God.

It's a little bit too bad.

Why?

It remained untouched.

Everybody was too polite to eat it.

They were like, no, somebody I don't want to be too, but I know if I eat this, I'm going to eat the whole thing.

Too polite to eat it.

It seems like to be polite, they would eat some of it.

Too polite.

Too polite to eat.

This is not a bad rap.

What's that?

You ever heard of Too legit to quit?

It rings a bell.

For someone who wants to be a rapper, you really should learn about the history of the media.

Well, I mean, I do know the history, sugar hill gang.

Sure, but then it stops over.

I've never stopped over.

Friends out to eat and the food just ain't no good.

You're one song.

I mean, to be fair, I don't know any more than that one song by them either.

I know Apache.

Apache?

Apache.

Jump on it.

Oh, I don't know that one.

Apache, jump.

It samples.

I don't know.

I can't remember what the song is, but it goes do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do no, it is close though.

Boy, they could have used that for a follow up single.

I'm in jeopardy.

What?

Like that would be I'm pitching titles right now.

I'm in jeopardy.

So call the song I'm in jeopardy.

And then you use the song.

Sure.

Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.

That made it sound more positive.

That's like if the Twilight Zone theme was fun.

Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.

Like it's a nice show where I think and I expected nice thing happens.

Hey, you found his glasses.

He can read all his library books.

I mean this vault.

You've been trapped in here long enough.

Boy, he was great.

Burgess Meredith.

Oh, one of the best.

Rocky.

He was a what's Rocky?

Rocky is either my previous dog who's deceased or probably probably more famously a film franchise starring and sometimes written by a Sylvester AKA sly AKA handled the shaft.

Stallone.

Oh, okay.

Work the shaft.

Sorry.

I'm missing posters for that.

Post posts or posters.

Postes.

1976.

I was strange if he's not posted someone saying, Hey, go see Rocky by so let's just go.

Yeah, you should see it.

Really you don't know anything about much.

I don't really go to the movies that much.

I do watch some TV dynamite and you know, I don't I do look at posters when I see them on the street.

Sure.

They're they're free.

Postes on the street.

Yes.

Do you know that song?

What song?

I never.

I'm doing a lot of never minding.

It's making me think something's wrong with me.

No, no, no, you're great.

We love you.

Yeah, great.

Posters are free.

Movies are expensive.

Let's meet in the middle.

Okay.

TV sure exactly.

You got to buy a TV, but then the TV is free.

That's the thing.

What if you just bought a movie theater, then you could see every movie for free?

Oh, I don't know.

Doesn't that seem like it would cost a lot of money?

I don't know.

Well, buying a TV seems like it would cost a lot of money.

It does, but a kid.

But yeah, but I'm not anymore.

You know, I'm an older gentleman and, you know, I'm going to fix income.

I can't afford to buy a movie theater.

Are you going to sell?

Aren't you selling your house or we talked about the museum last time you were on?

I was going to make convert my house into the Sugar Hill Gang Museum.

And also nature conservatory or something?

Yes.

There was also going to be nature.

Where everyone was as small as a book.

And this was all canceled due to lack of interest.

Oh, no.

We tried to.

Still talk about it.

I know.

And it didn't drum up any interest.

It actually anti-interest.

Oh, no.

He said you better not do that.

Oh, you better not do that.

One guy's a landlord.

Oh, you're lying.

Oh, wait.

You don't even know that.

Oh, no.

You said you did.

I guess because it feels like my home is rent control.

So that's good.

Then you can't do it.

Yeah, that was his.

That was just a bit of a argument too.

We could have saved so much time talking about this the last time you were on the show.

Wow.

By the way, I don't even own that house.

So I mean, I hope that doesn't mean that everything I've said on the show, if you just pressed a little more, you find out that it wasn't what we're talking about.

Oh, no, no.

I think we've pressed certain parts of the story a lot.

Was there any more to when you were talking to Big Bang Cank, AKA or...

Wonder Mike?

Wonder Mike.

I remember one of them said to me, hey, you got a lot of hot, but I don't think you're going to make it as a rapper.

You should stick to your day job.

Which at the time was, I worked for the CIA.

What?

We have definitely not talked about this.

Never.

Oh, I'm surprised that it didn't come up.

The CIA out there, the Central Intelligence Agency.

That's right.

You would think in, I was going to say, a different thing that CIA stood for, but no, it was the one you're thinking of.

So out there in New Jersey, they...

What were you doing for the CIA?

Do you...

I mean, it's been so long.

Can you talk about it?

Yeah, I got fired.

Well, I'm not fired, but I got...

It's as good as fired when they move you to New Jersey.

Because for a while, I worked in Washington, D.C. and I was supposed to watch this couple that lived next to one of me.

And I didn't do a very good job, it turns out, because they turned out to be Russian spies.

Oh, wait a minute.

And what constantly...

I mean, when we finally got into that house, it was full of wigs and glasses.

And spirit gums.

The house reeked the spirit gums.

I don't know how they live there.

Don't let imagine there.

I think that you were dramatized on the television show The Americans.

What?

I think you're that...

Who's that dude?

No, he was called the Russians, right?

Oh, no.

It was an ironic title.

They were Russians pretending to be...

Is that what you never watched?

I forgot you could do that.

Yeah.

I think that you were like the big beefy blonde guy who befriends them, their neighbor.

I did used to have blonde hair.

You did what happened?

Well, I got older.

Oh, we mean it fell out.

No, it's great.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

I see.

You've worn a hat every single year.

You're wearing a hat that just says the word wrap on it.

Because I love wrap.

And by the way, it looks like you took a W off of it.

Was this like a...

A green room gift from the show The Wrap?

Can I be honest with you?

Yeah.

And you saw that and said, boy, if I take the W off...

Exactly.

I'm a steam ripper and I just went to town and got all those little threads out there.

That's why The Wrap is a little off-center.

Anyway, I don't want to bore you with stories of me being in the CIA.

Oh, I was loved.

I mean, we've talked about the Sugary Hill gang at length so many times I would love it.

I don't know.

Have I told you everything about them?

I mean, this was a new wrinkle, the fact that you got a stern talking to you by...

Not even stern, really a nice talk to you.

No, it's very gentle.

He's very nice about it.

And...

I mean, anyone would think I was a delusional weirdo.

But he treated me like a real guy.

That's so nice.

But then moved away.

Very quickly.

Was it...

How did it end?

How did the conversation end?

Did you say anything?

Oh, I think I said...

Look, and these words might sound familiar to you.

Okay.

I said, look, one to Mike or Big Bang Hank.

I know I'm not very good at wrapping.

But I think I could get good at it.

Yeah, you've said that so many times.

And then he looked at me for a long time.

No words.

And then he shook his head.

And he patted me on the shoulder and he walked away.

Interesting.

And you were in his place or he came over to your place?

We were sitting on his stoop.

His stoop, okay.

So...

And he just walked back in the house and then I sat there for a good while.

It got dark.

Oh, really?

Yeah, got dark out.

Was it the summer or was it the winter time?

It was the summer time.

Oh, so this is late.

And the lightning bugs were coming out.

Really?

And you could hear the ice cream man in his truck.

Doodle doodle doodle doodle doodle.

Yeah, night.

Hmm, night ice cream.

Yeah.

You know how night ice cream?

I mean...

What's the sun goes down?

Maybe this is an east coast thing.

But when the sun goes down, the ice cream man comes back with special nighttime ice cream for adults.

After dark.

In the shape of dildos and stuff like that.

Oh, no.

Just more sophisticated flavors like dark chocolate.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

Hazelnut.

Yeah, stuff like that.

They made a toffee fey bar, ice cream bar.

Really?

Toffee fey, as you remember, it was too good for kids.

Oh, right.

Yeah, I do remember.

It was an adult candy bar.

Yeah.

And I remember, you know, because I was an adult at the time when that candy bar came out, but I had a little neighbor who was a little boy.

And boy, he'd see that commercially would be a rage when they would say toffee fey it's too good for kids.

And it would make him want it, right?

Yeah, it made him want it more than anything.

And then did he ever have it?

And he once time tried and he didn't like it.

I hope he's tried it as an adult.

He should.

now. Can you order candy bars? Ah, yeah, probably you can get anything these days. Really?

You just get it delivered? Like what? I don't know. Let me I mean, I don't want to take time out of our conversation. If I wanted a fish, I could order that? Yeah. You could. Yeah. What kind of fish do you want? Don't don't don't wish for it. No, didn't know. Okay, this is not an official wish, Jeanie is what I here's my workaround.

I say I long for. Oh, I would long for like a nice a nice salmon. Just a salmon a sockeye salmon or of some sort? Sure.

I mean, does it arrive the way it is in the water? Is it cooked? It's they usually cook it. Yeah. I mean, although sometimes I think you can get it from the market where it's just a wet market. No, no, not the ones of Wu and China.

What is a wet market, by the way? I don't know. Is it any one? I don't. I'm not sure.

What have you been to one?

You didn't know. Yeah. I'm like, Oh, I'm feeling very soggy.

I just feel. I mean, obviously, when I was in the CIA, I was all over the world and I feel like a wet market. I don't remember ever using that term before, but I think it's any market where they sell like food and stuff like like stuff out of the package. Yeah, like like neat, like, like out of the package. Yeah. You think it's like the supermarket?

Then they take it out of the package store where it could get rained on. Oh, you know what it is? It's any market where there's no umbrellas. Oh, that's probably what it is.

They call it in the rain in any time.

I'm looking it up, actually. What are we going to get? Fish?

It's a marketplace selling fresh meat, fish produce and other consumption oriented perishable goods in a non supermarket setting as distinguished from dry markets that sell durable goods such as fabrics and electronics.

I feel like that was my first thought. Was that what that's what a wet market was?

Call something like a like a fries electronic store, a dry market though. It is though. It is especially with electronics. You got to keep them dry.

Yeah, you ever get that TV of yours wet?

Of course, I mean, it's in the kitchen and happened. In the kitchen. Where is it right above the sink?

Well, sometimes I have to put it in the sink if I'm using the counter space to chop stuff up.

Sure. Because usually on the counter, next to the toast.

Well, TVs were big back then too, like in terms of depth. True. This, I mean, this is a little guy, but it does have much back.

You got to be in the middle though. Yeah, it's a little like in the middle is where all the TV guts off. Sure. Yeah. So that's not big. Yeah, of course.

And so I will keep it on the counter.

And then sometimes I'll say I'm going to chop some celery.

I'm going to make a nice two to fish salad. And so I need. Put some raisins in that, by the way, Cal. All the time. And so I need to move the little guy, which that's what I call the TV is the little guy. And when I turn it on in the morning, when I'm having my coffee, I say good morning, little guy. Oh, how nice. Well, I mean, for a lonely bachelor like yourself, I mean, that can be it can feel like companionship. Yeah.

And when I when I say good night, I turn it off. If I'm having like a, you know, and I have to do a Senka, something like that before I go to bed. Then I watch the TV and I'll watch the evening news. And I always turn up before the American flag comes on with the National Anthem. Sure.

And when I when I turn it off, I say good night, little guy, and I wait until the little dot disappears entirely. Oh, good. Before I go to bed. Now, is that him sleeping or is that the television basically like dying for the night? I think it's both. I don't think of it as dying for the night, but just resting every charge for the next day. Okay. So that's a lot like sleeping. Yeah. So like, what I like about the old TV, the little guy is that you turn it off and then this whole thing shrinks. Yeah. It like goes into it like a line and then the line goes into a dot and the dot fades out these days. Why don't they? I'm nostalgic for that. It would be so great just to see like everything just shrank going to the dot the line. The TV is a too good now. I see when I see if I go to an electronics store and I see the new TVs, a dry market. I fit. Yeah. When I go to a dry market and I look at I can't help but look at the TVs because they're big and and this is a good wrap. Hold on. Hold on. Let's turn this into a wrap. Oh, when I go into a dry market, okay, I can't help but look at the TV because they're just so big.

Okay, hold on. You're flooding me with information. Have you ever gone into a dry market to look at some TVs? I see the TV and the TV's big and I say, Oh geez, I can't look at that TV. Look at that TV. It's a big TV. The color so clear that the fridge is so bright. I feel like I'm inside the TV and a big fish is going to eat me because it's an ancient thing playing. Okay. All right.

Okay. Okay. No, we. Yeah, I lost it. You lost it.

You definitely you had it pretty good for a while. I was doing pretty good. Oh, you kept saying TV all the time. Maybe rhyme TV with TV a few times. I couldn't think of anything else to rhyme with. It's hard. It's hard. Oh, I should have done me. I should have done say in puree. Oh, we talked about that before. Yep. But today today. Hey, there's another one. I'm still that rhymes too.

Should I try that one? Sure. Okay. Well, my name is Cal and I'm here to say that today is a good day for a puree puree today. Don't mind if I do. I like to have it and he has a shoe. Oh, no, I lost it.

You lot. Well, I mean, you you actually completed the rhyme.

You said a shoe, but then you got very sad when you started talking about a shoe. He has a shoe because I was picturing it became too real in my mind was picturing just handing somebody a shoe and then I saw the look on their face.

He's like, why are you doing this? A lot like when you handed Wonderbike or Big Bang Cank that salad, potato salad with all the raisins in it.

Oh, everybody looked at me that time.

And I now I understand they weren't like they weren't being modest about wanting to eat it so badly.

They were disgusted by my potato with raisins in it. Why do you put those in there? Text you.

No one wants that texture.

Well, Cal, work on those wraps. I always am. You all I mean, do you do it every day? Every single day I practice my wraps for how long? Two hours. Two hours? How many did you get out? How many wraps do I get out? Yeah, zero. Why don't you write them beforehand? We talked about this before.

And I feel like cheating. Everyone does it. When I would watch Wonderbike and Big Bang Cank and the other one, they would just spit them out. I know, but even the guys who like you ever see that movie, eight mile? No, you should see if you're interested in the art form, you should see that one where it's like a cartoon where miles come to life.

Miles come to life? I know they make cartoons now where things come to life that are not alive.

So miles like eight mile friends that they come up to be like the mile markers or do you do you know the role? I don't know. I haven't seen it. What are you talking? I don't know. I don't know.

I'm just about a guy named Miles.

No, it would be like a mile, the unit of measurement, but it comes to life. I don't know.

Okay. All right. Anyways, watch eight mile. You'll figure it out. He's saying it's not that.

It is not that. It is about the neighborhood of eight mile in Detroit.

Oh, okay. There's a famous rapper, M and M, who is getting into the rock and roll Hall of Fame this year. What did the M stand for? Marshall. And then the other one stands for Mathers. So he's Marshall and Mathers. Yes, that's his government name, his Christian name. And he decided to turn that into a known Diplume of M and M. Standing from Marshall and Mathers. Marshall and Mathers.

Yeah. But not like, yeah. I never thought about my names as needing an and in the middle.

Like, what is my name? Well, it's to Cal and so on. But that would be a great middle name for someone if they want to do it. You name it, Scott and Aquaman.

Yeah, it would. Thank you for remembering my name. A lot of my guests don't remember. How could you forget the name of somebody sitting across from? Well, I mean, that's a good question. But thank you.

Thank you. Cal Solomon is here. You're having fun. I'm having fun. We are having fun. I like to have a little good nature. I like to have a little bit of fun while we do the show. But then we get down to business and we get down to brass sacks. Got to do it. Cal, can you stick around?

Because I know you didn't plan on or I didn't plan on you being here and I don't even know if you planned on being here, but you are here. It's going to be another four hours before my bus comes.

Okay, good. Where are you taking your bus back? New Jersey.

So the bus to New Jersey comes around every four hours. Every four hours. And it's an it's an express. Really? Yeah. Lots of lots of New Jersey. Three days? Three days. Oh, wow. Just straight. How do they switch off drivers?

It's like speed style. It's the same guy every time. Yeah.

Speed style. Speaking of speed. Oh, no.

Do you think I think no one can drive for three hours straight without taking some sort of, uh, I saw a lot of drug abuse when I was in the CIA.

Well, next time you come out, I want to do some follow-ups about the CIA.

It's boring. But I feel like I saw the American so I know almost everything about you.

Oh, no. That's not good. You don't come off great. Oh, no.

I mean, you come off nice, but sort of like a buffoon who they pulled one over on. Did they at least give me a cooler name than Cal Solomon? Uh, I can't write. Yeah. I think well, let me check because I'm pretty sure they do.

The guy's name is. Uh, so you, and you were known as Cal Solomon by then. You weren't going under an alias. Well, that's my boy name. I, of course, I'd use many aliases, but not to these neighbors.

Right. You, the name on the show was Stan Beaman. Stan Beaman.

That's a close.

A lateral move at best. Yeah. In fact, that final episode.

Yeah. I don't know. Oh, no. You look like a fool. I don't want to give any, I don't want to give any spoilers, but like in real life, what happened to me? Yes. I don't know if it's better to have lived it or to watch it played out by a guy named Stan Beaman. So Stan Beaman was fired then and then, but, but before that thought he was a member of the Sugar Hill Gang because that never came up on the Americans. That's too bad because you were fired after the Sugar Hill Gang business, right? Uh, no, I was fired before the Sugar Hill Gang business. Right. Okay. Yeah. That's why I was in New Jersey. Oh, right. They didn't, they didn't reveal that we get sent to New Jersey. Did they?

No, they did not. Okay. You just did that.

Cut this out. Okay. If you would, I mean, it's your show. I think our editing machine is broken.

Oh, no. Yeah. That's bad luck for me. It truly is. Well, look, you know, what's not broken is our commercials button and we're going to have to take some of those right now. You can stick around though because we have a, I didn't hype who's on the show a little later. We have a concern citizen and a TV personality. I got three hours and 50 minutes. Okay. Great. And then it's back on the bus. That's right. We'll be right back. This is comedy bang bang. I didn't introduce myself. My name's Scott. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Company bang bang. We're back. Cal Solomon, formerly California Cation Solomon, but the genie.

And this is my question earlier. He doesn't, does he physically have to like fly around the earth like Superman did to turn back time and that I don't know. I mean, he's a genie. He is a genie.

I assumed it was all magic. I don't, I didn't, I never imagined there was physical exertion.

I think it might be. Otherwise they would just be given wishes out to anyone who wanted one.

Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, so I wonder if he did it. Because apparently that was, we time traveled, that change had never happened. Yeah. And technically you shouldn't be remembering it.

I'm going to have a war with a teeny. Some sloppy work by that. He shouldn't be reinforcing about bringing it. Make sure it's not a wish though. It's not a wish. Oh, I long for you to stop talking about it. Oh, we have to get to our next guest.

This is a concerned citizen. And this is, I wonder, I mean, there's a lot to be concerned about these days. Sure. You know what I mean?

What are some of your concerns, Cal? Oh, the Russians, of course. Sure. They never fought for my thoughts. Of course. Well, I mean, they made a complete fool out of you. Okay.

The two in particular. Yeah. Have they ever contacted you ever after that and say, hey, Cal, we're totally sorry about all that. Well, they never said sorry, but they would send taunting videos to me. Taunting videos? Yeah. Like what? I don't even have a computer.

Oh, so were these camcorder videos or these were? Well, they knew that I had a little guy as a TV VCR. Oh, okay. So they would send a videotape.

There's a VHS cassette tapes. And it would be them doing great wraps. What? About how great their life is in Russia? No. I mean, I can understand maybe they think like, oh, this guy's interested in wrap will kind of like do something nice for it. They need it nice. They could mean it nice. Yeah, it sounds like a nice thing.

I mean, if someone were to send me a funny video of them wrapping something, I would laugh.

Like if one was titled, Cal Solomon is a fool. What would you think? Oh, then I would think that they're definitely like that's on the spine of the of the tape. Oh, really? What that one in?

Do they do like artwork on it too? And like a cool, a cool, like hand-reconfront? Sometimes.

I think the husband does the artwork. Oh, really? Yeah.

When the wife does it, it's just like plainly written out. But the husband like, she was all business. Put some doodles.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they were nice neighbors too.

It's too bad.

Yeah, it's too bad what they did to you. But this is a nice person and we'll find out what they're concerned about. Please welcome to the show Pina Parton. Hello, I'm Pina Parton.

And I can't stop farting. Oh, gee. And you're wrapping. Are you taunting him? No, it's not funny.

I'm not taunting anybody. I'm not even taunting myself. Oh, is this a real thing? Yes, I can't stop farting. I can't also can't stop getting migraines, doing little heart attacks, falling down, having bad balance, pissing myself, throwing up. I'm in bad shape, Scott. Oh, dear. Oh, okay. So you're, I'm guessing from your physical appearance in your... I'm from Tennessee, yes. Oh, yes.

Wow, good eye. You're also an older person. I'm a little bit older, yes, but age and nothing but a number, baby. Yeah, but what is the number? And it's pretty up there, right?

Well, no, it's only 82 because, well, are you familiar with the Parton scientific trials in 1946? No, I mean, I haven't been reading the medical journals at all. That's where how come I'm born and why I'm here and why everything is hurting, Scott.

Okay, so you were, you were six years old at the time if I'm doing my math correctly. Well, if you're 82. No, because I wasn't the first one that was born. Oh, this makes sense. Right. Right. So because are you familiar with Dolly Parton?

Yes, she's in the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame right there next to whoever we were talking about.

About how Charlie Pepp is? Well, she will be. Well, good for her. I hope they don't get them confused at the museum. Well, the other ones, you know, not so lucky because, you know, before Dolly, you knew how she was because she was made from the scientists. What she was, hold on, back up back up a little bit because I haven't heard the story. Dolly Parton, American treasure.

Yes. Writer of both Jolene and I will always love you on the same ass day. She wrote both of those songs. It wasn't an ass day. It was a Thursday. Oh, okay.

Really a Thursday for all that to happen to her. Her husband leaves her. She's the perfect woman, Scott, doesn't she? You seen her before?

Blonde? Big biz and little white, big bum, right? Right.

Yeah, a little in the middle. So she was made by the scientist. Really? So this is a weird, a weird site. Like that could be born of a natural birth note. I guess, I mean, she is gorgeous, right, Cal? I mean, she's a beautiful lady. Yeah, so you have heard of her. You haven't heard of a lot of things for Dolly Parton. Sure. Which song is your favorite? The one about the have you got some gingerbread?

I ain't you got no gingerbread. I ain't you got no candy. I ain't you got an extra bed for me.

Little Andy. So does that appeal to you because of the sugar hill gang type stuff? You're interested in things about sugar. I never made that connection. That's two things.

But before there was Dolly, well, obviously they tried a few others, didn't they, Scott?

Okay. So if I'm if I'm hearing you correctly, and I want to not only hear but listen, you are saying that Dolly Parton was born out of scientific experiments in the 40s? Yes, the scientists, they were all men and they wanted to have the most beautiful woman they could show ingredients of all her characteristics. Where did they get like a Frankenstein's monster? But where did they get all of these characteristics? How do you grow these in a lab? I don't know, Scott, Petri dish? Petri dish. Oh, so it's oh, got it. Grow it under a light bulb hot one. Okay.

And then all the different kinds of girls were born, but it took them a few to get Dolly right, didn't they? And so now nobody gives a hell shit about peanut Parton and no one taking care of me.

So you are kind of like Dolly Parton's sister, is that what you're saying? Like call ourselves the previous Parton's. Oh, so you're you're a Mach one or or no, I'm never six or seven.

She wasn't the first one born. Remember? No, I was first one was gunk. That one didn't live here long. Now gunk was mostly blood and but we but we remember gunk because of that because she was the first. Oh, okay. So gunk was the first. Yes.

Then there were two through five. Yes, then there was Dore Lane Parton. Dore Lane. Dore Lane. But she didn't have the people saying they shot her in the head. They should. Oh, God. She just had the dimples. Just because of the dimples. How do they know that they even wanted dimples? I mean until you see Dolly with the dimples, you don't know you want to. Well, you're the first woman that was part of the ingredients.

Oh, dimples are part of perfection. Yes. So she didn't have dimples and so they execution style.

Yes. When Dore Lane came out, they said boy seven, I'm Joe Bigbrecht, little white, all that stuff.

But when the dimples weren't there, they did they put a code end of a revolver to her forehead.

The business end. And they executed her. In front of everyone. Well, I wasn't born yet for the Petri dish. Well, I guess I don't mean everyone who's ever lived. I just mean in front of everyone who's there in the room. Yes. And then, you know, then I was right there. Were you born?

No, you were your, you're, how old are you again? Oh, I'd rather not say. You would make it easier for some of my opposite numbers. And then I should have checked me down. It seems like they know where you are sending you these videotapes. Well, that was too short.

You don't think they've told their friends? No, I think they're honorable in certain ways.

Okay. Yeah, that was what started with the show was about.

So, so then two through five, two had the, what was Tuesday again? Doreley, Doreley, Doreley, and then Doreley. Here was a big jump between the first and the second.

Right. Yeah. First one really bad, mostly. First one was just blood.

The second one. Perfect. Other than the dimples. So trash.

Okay. So then what was three and four and five like? Three was Heidi Klum. Oh, well, she's out there in the world now.

She likes Halloween costumes too much. That was her fault.

Yeah. And then nothing.

Number four was McCully, Kolken. Wow. He was too short, of course, and the bosoms weren't big enough. Sure. But he had those cheeks though. And then by then they weren't doing executions anymore either because actually enough the CIA had started watching keeping an eye on the dumpster and saying, well, where this one come from, that's not right. Just looking at the dumpster. Yeah, because that's where Doreley and went. And when they noticed Doreley and show up in there, they said this girl's nearly perfect except for no dimples.

So trash. But then three and four didn't end up at the dumpster because we know who they are.

Heidi Klum and McCully. That's right.

And because the CIA was sitting out by the dumpster making sure nobody was getting thrown in there.

So the scientists didn't do executions anymore. So let them go off and be models and actors.

If I work for the CIA, that would be the worst job to have to watch a dumpster all day, although not as bad as what you did. I mean, I mean, letting two Russian spies steal all of those secrets and wear all of those wigs. How many wigs did they have? I lost count after like 200.

So like an entire wing of their house just devoted to wigs?

I don't really want it to.

OK, I'm sorry. I'm sorry to bring this up. So so two was of course Doreley and then we have Heidi Klum, then McCully Colkin who was number five? Well, you're looking at her. Oh, you were fine.

Peanut part. Peanut part. And this where they went sideways, right? Because they had made McCully and they said he don't have the hourglass figure. And as you'd noticed, you've looked at a peanut before, correct? Have you looked at a peanut? I've seen tons of peanuts. Still in the shed.

What does it remind you of? Still in the shell. It kind of reminds me of Mr. Peanut. No, it reminds you of a beautiful woman's body. Oh, right. I love the little titties on top, the waist, the buttocks.

And all of the indentations. They thought for they were trying to make their perfect dolly.

And so they they bred me in the petri dish with most of the peanuts for the shape.

No, so they they crossbred your DNA with peanuts? Yes. Oh, and that's why how come now I'm a severely allergic to peanuts and my skin is so crunchy. We're all allergic to the things that we are. That's right. That's why you miss never eat human flesh. That's right. You become a wendigo.

I'm a little too. So that's why they were be called to me peanut part. And then I was a, you know, all the scientists, they were a fan of me. I say, Oh, there's peanut. She's a little cute. So you still keep up with the scientists? Ryan. Ryan.

So you're on a first name basis.

Ryan Kyle. They man, they must you're 80 something supposedly actually you're more like 70 something.

Uh huh. And they must they must have been at least 20 25 year. I mean, I can't even imagine being a 20 year old scientist and working on this. So there, I mean, they're in their hundreds now.

Yes, they are. But they all do they take some sort of like anti aging serum or something like that.

They don't even want to know the stuff they were cooking up in that Petri dish.

Impossible combinations, but they're still around their friend, Ro, at all of McCauley's movies and Heidi show. Ro, that's a bat. That's a bad row in your movie theater.

She gets her a little. Depends on the theater, right? Well, sure. But well, yeah, I want to buy one of those theaters.

Premiere theater is that big, right? What? Let me ask you what McCauley called Heidi Klum.

Was that always their names or did they have names before that? Well, before that, they were hiding in part 10 and the Cola Colkin party because they name us all will. We're part of the part and experience. Oh, okay. So right. So the previous part, the previous part and was Dolly next or Dolly with number eight and two. He took a forever together. Wow. So what, what is the different? I mean, obviously your voice is terrible.

But my singing voice really good. Oh, that's something they nailed on me.

Let's hear it. I mean, do you sound just like Dolly?

It's really good. What are you singing, Dolly? Well, so that's my problem. I got the voice but I couldn't get the lyrics. Oh, so they nailed the voice, but lyrically.

I cannot understand a single lyric. I can't memorize them.

Don't know what the words mean.

Soon as it's in melodic form, I don't understand the language.

What about tiny dancer? What, what, when I say, do you should do you want a dyer there? So you don't hear Tony Danza? No, I don't hear anything in that one. So then, wow. So you were pretty early and physically, I mean, it's weird that they were able to nail it other than the dimples for number two and then they got it so far off with you. They were far off with McCully too. Let's be honest.

Well, true. But he got the blonde hair.

I got the blonde hair, but I only got four or five strands of it. I got the dimples, but they're too deep. They're like, they're like someone took a knife to your cheeks. They're like other little mouths. It's like someone like did a Joker on you or something. Exactly right. Why so serious? People are saying to me, no, don't get it. No, you don't get any time someone sees you.

They say why so serious? Like you're doing a fun Joker custom. That's right. They just think, oh, that's been a part and she's a little clown. She didn't cheer us up. Wow. So what have you been doing this whole time? I mean, when did they let you out of the... I'm assuming this is a secret lab out there? Yes, in Tennessee. In Tennessee? Yes. And you know, they let me out. Yeah, because, you know, the CIA was on dumpster watch so they couldn't fold me up and put me in there. Right.

And I was a fan among you know, Dr. Ryan, Dr. Kyle. They all thought I was a good time. You know, and so they let me out and I've been having a pretty normal life. Except for now, I can't stop farting and pissing myself and all my organs are feeling because they didn't do a good job. Wait, did this just start happening or has it been happening since you were created? Well, since recently, the thing they forgot to get me. I guess that's what I was asking. Yeah, or since you were created. Because you see, they forgot to give me on a bumhole.

Well, they forgot to give you an entire... They forgot to give you one. Yes, in Tennessee.

Would you like me to tear you a new one? Oh, Scott. I would like that very much.

You didn't know how to answer right. Because I've been eating regular cereal, stuff like that.

Sure. But it's not going anywhere. And now it's filling me up and I'm full. And that's hard. And so now, you know, I'm reaching the stage of my life. That's why I wanted to come on the show, Scott. Oh, good. Anybody out there, they got my same blood type, which is peanut butter and blood. See if I can get a butthole. Like a transplant?

Sure. I don't know if anyone's going to want to give their good ways. I need tongue. I need everything.

Are you sure you're not just getting older? I mean, when people are, you know, however old you are, it seems more like 76. But, you know, I mean, like, our organs start failing. Oh, okay. I'm sure it's normal like that, Scott.

Were you raised in a warm Petri dish? No, you're right. You're right. I don't know. I got you there. Yeah. You're privileged. I show. I'm sorry.

Well, so if anyone out there, I don't think anyone's going to have your particular blood type though. How come? Call you a peanut butter, don't you? I mean, sometimes with raisins. Yeah. So, but I don't. Oh, peanut butter.

Raisins might be good. It's not bad. I mean, with bananas, it's good. Sure. I don't know if I eat enough peanut butter to meet your needs, but does it need to be a transplant? Can't they just drill one in there? Yeah. Only the butthole is the only thing you can drill into someone that they don't know what they have. I can drill into someone at what? A stomach, a larynx? These are all things I need. Right. Couldn't they do some sort of like wily coyote roadrunner thing where they draw one on you and it just then it works? Sorry. I'm sure she's heard that before.

Pardon me. I'm coming on the show to talk about the series.

Pardon you. Pardon the interruption.

You just have a show. Okay, I'll take this one. No, no, no.

My well, all right.

This one's going to be mine now. The first guess is an ignorant man who only watches Looney Tunes.

Hey, everyone. I think that's you. She's taking a dig. Damn.

I, you know, I don't know what to tell you. I don't think that you're able to transplant an entire hole. I mean, it's the absence of something.

That's the issue. I mean, it's a little more than that. It's a little more involved.

Do you have anything inside you? Any guts? I got a lot of guts. Yeah. Too many. And they're all twisted around each other. My stomach is wrapped around inside of my larynx. Oh, no. And my titties are on my butt cheeks. My teeth are in my dimples. Oh, God.

Wow. It's been a nightmare.

And it didn't work out, but you know, I see Dolly Parton on stage just hooping it up. Yeah, she got it all sick to my stomach because you know, she wouldn't acknowledge the previous Partons. She would ask her about it. She'd say, I don't know. I'm just a regular girl, not made in a lab. Not even in like liner notes on any of her albums.

You like, Oh, by the way, the 80, you know, one previous Partons. I want to give a shout out to them or anything like that. Nothing.

She know, you know, she doesn't. But actually, the song nine to five was written about.

Really stumble out of bed.

They're coming to the cage and don't do don't do don't do that.

Do don't do don't do that. Definitely lost it. Yeah. Those lyrics have just slipped away.

I know that feeling. But the voice is gorgeous. We can't deny that.

No, can't deny that. I mean, I got to say titties on an ass would be not bad. If you're hitting it from the back is kind of like you're getting the best of both worlds.

Scott, my whole body is in pain. I'm sorry. I would take that into account, but.

You know, you need to go to Tennessee and get yourself a job in a secret dumpster lab.

And you can cook up whatever kind of woman you want. Sounds not bad.

I promise me this. You will reckon with the previous versions.

Oh, okay. The ones that don't go away to have big home alone franchises and German fashion modeling shows.

It seems like, I mean, okay, number one was just blood. So no life to that.

Gunk. She had a name.

Gunk. I beg your pardon. And then of course, Doreen.

Yes.

Shot execution style.

No dimples.

No dimples. And then every other one is still alive, still with us?

Mostly every other wonder could be one sitting at this table right now.

Wow.

So let me go and make a sound meet.

Okay. The shaggy defense.

Who?

You ever see Scooby-Doo?

Yeah. The dog. And he solves that supernatural point.

Supernet. Well, I mean, they turn out not to be supernatural as to not scare children.

Oh, right. That makes sense. So just give them for a little bit.

It's too exciting.

Their imaginations of like, oh, maybe ghosts are real.

And then suddenly it's like, no, it's just a.

Then at the end, talk about insurance.

Right.

So I'm trying to understand and I'm not asking as a CIA guy, just asking as a regular person.

I'm trying to understand the quality levels.

So first, just blood, then.

Dorely.

Perfect.

Dorely looks exactly like the only point except in two people.

Don't say perfect Scott. I already told you about the defense.

I beg your pardon. Although I would have, I would have kept her.

Quite honestly.

Right.

Then.

Well, at that time, scientists had a hard time finding perverts like you to take the rejected science experiments.

I mean, I don't think that I'm perverted when I say that if I saw Dolly Parton walking down the street without the dimples, I would say that's one of the most beautiful women I've ever seen in my life.

But OK.

I agree to disagree, Scott.

All right.

Then you got.

Especially if the titties were on the ass.

Anyway, go ahead.

Then you got a Heidi Klum.

Too tall.

An absolute disaster.

But she's a pretty lady, right? She's a mom like.

Sure.

Yeah.

Then, Macaulay, Colkin, he's a little boy.

Too short.

Little boy with red cheeks from slapping him too.

Then there's like, um, like 70 something.

For the things like they were so close on that number two.

What number were you, dear?

Well, six or seven, didn't you say?

Yes, but they don't tell you your number because that's where you get your power.

Oh, that's why how come Dolly wrote nine to five because she was number 95.

Oh, even though you said that she was 80 six or seven.

Interesting.

My brain doesn't work.

Thanks.

It's got my working trip.

I got a good war.

Patriot. I give her a break.

But I mean, it's making me question everything you said.

The fact that you've.

That's also a fair point made several mistakes.

My memory is not good.

I won't deny it.

Yeah.

And do you think that's because of the lab?

They gave you a bad memory?

Yes.

They didn't want me to remember what Ryan, Kyle, Megan were up to.

But I still remember.

Megan.

Yeah, Megan was one of the scientists.

Really?

Yeah, girls can be scientists, didn't you know, pervert?

Not back then.

I suppose you want to know if her ass was part of her tinge as well.

Did you ever see hidden figures?

They weren't, that was the whole plot of the movie.

They weren't.

I can't watch a movie, Scott. I'm blind.

No.

Yeah.

I'm so sorry.

Nothing's working as it should be.

And suppose you didn't notice I don't have ears either.

I know you're wearing headphones.

Why do you have those on?

To cover the fact that you don't have ears.

Because you know how birds have little hose on the side of their heads.

Yes.

That's me too.

That's peanut potting right there in the nutshell.

That no pun intended, of course.

No pun intended.

Not technically.

Of course.

Would you say that your strongest thing that you got going right now is your voice?

I would definitely agree with that.

Because I can hear you.

I can understand you.

Yes.

And my singing voice is gorgeous.

You see, your voice is perfect.

I would almost rather you sing everything than hear your talking voice.

Okay, that can be arranged.

There do do do do do.

Oh, but yeah, but then I wouldn't understand you because the lyrics are off.

Yeah. And it just comes out like, you know, a little bit of old letter D is only one I can do.

Really?

Okay, let's hear it.

When I'm singing, do do do do do.

Oh, okay.

You're also sort of doing the letter D.

D-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da.

Do you ever, are you in touch with Dolly ever or does she just ignore words all of you?

You think Dolly wants to reckon with me in the previous part.

I sit front row at every single concert.

And I hold my sign.

I was good in a concert bad at a movie.

Would you agree?

And it's expensive too to get in front row.

Every time.

To fundraise all year to get there.

And then when I do, I hold up a sign and I say, Dolly, you remember me, don't you?

What is the fundraising entail?

Well, I come on and shows like this and I ask for either organs or maybe because my organs are hurting and I don't have any money.

All right.

So, I mean, we'll save that for plugs, obviously, for the fundraising, but.

Oh, I'm sorry, Scott.

We just want to hear your story now.

We don't want to get to the business.

So you sit there and does she ever see the sign?

Does she ever, you know, sees it?

I see a quiver in her lip and I see her little knees start to knock together.

And she tidders on her, on her aisles, her little ankles and they're snapping her.

I can see her breasts swelling and her hair gets all sweaty.

And as she searches, go be scratching at her eyes and I could tell it's making her uncomfortable.

Really?

But she never, she never points at you.

She never acknowledges you.

I guess.

Why would she stop?

Well, why are you doing it?

If she, if there's no chance of her ever acknowledging you.

Because I got to do some sort of peanut dream.

Yeah, we all do.

We all have our peanut dream.

We've got to do some sort of peanut dream.

Mine is rap.

Maybe, you know, Cal, first of all, I'm wondering why you've never wished to be an actual member of the Sugar Hill game.

Retractively.

It feels like cheating.

Feels like cheating.

Okay.

Well, all wishes are sort of like cheating, but.

Yeah, but some things are more, you know, something like who cares.

I guess.

Yeah, but I'm wondering if you could use one of your wishes for peanut pardon here.

You know, I mean, she's got her peanut dreams.

And you've got two wishes.

It's true.

I mean.

Okay, Peanut, just so there's no confusion.

Tell me what you're long for.

Oh, I don't know long for.

How long for us?

That's going to be hard.

That's just food.

How long for a blow that could poop it out.

How long for a brain that had memory?

A tongue that had taste.

Ears that had earring in a heart that could veal.

How about top two?

A color TV.

Oh, wow.

That should be easy for a genie.

Yeah, I think so.

Anything else?

Can you do that?

Can you fold two wishes into one wish and go like, Oh, I wish for a color TV and something.

As long as there's no period.

I think so.

I mean.

Just keep adding commas.

No, that's not fair.

That's abusing the system.

I'm not finished, genie.

That's I would never speak to the genie.

That really is the genie nice.

The genie is very nice.

We have a cordurolation.

Even though you keep him in the bottle still.

No, I freed him from the bottle.

You freed him from the bottle.

So he's just hanging out.

He is hanging out waiting for me to wish two more things.

I don't know.

Do you think he lives in a cloud?

Maybe the cloud.

Well, with all our data.

And pictures and stuff.

Oh, that's why I won't get a computer.

You don't have any nudes that you've taken.

Come Scott.

Look, we're friends, but that I don't answer.

That's too far.

But you do.

I'm not going to answer that.

But you do have some news.

I'm not kidding.

All right.

I'm sorry, Cal.

Okay, peanut.

So, color TV.

And then that's it.

That's it.

All right.

And I still have a wish left for myself.

That would be great.

Yeah.

Would you mind if I took the initiative to wish something else for you?

Oh, I would love that.

No one's ever wished anything for me before.

Okay.

So, all right.

I got a summon to you.

How do you do that?

Yeah.

How does he say like, hey, if you ever need me, if you're ever going to wish for something, here's how you get a hold of me.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

The way to summon him is, I have to make a rhyme in rap form.

Oh, wait.

So any rhyme?

I just have to complete a good rhyme.

Well, it's weird because I feel like you did a couple earlier.

Would did he come by or?

No, it has to be about him.

Oh, about it.

Oh, it's a teeny themed rap.

Oh, okay.

Do you need any rap?

Okay.

Well, let's do it.

Do you want me to lay down another beat here?

Or?

If you wouldn't mind.

Okay.

Do you mind if I have a wish well?

Yeah.

I would.

My other game.

I have a gift of.

You'll do the hook.

You do the hook.

Do you have a gift of what?

Where's the hook?

You do like the Faith Evans, you know, the Notorious B.I.D.

Yeah, I got it.

Every day, it's a day.

It's a day.

I'll jump in when it's time.

All right.

Here we go.

Have you ever had a genie as a friend and he give you a couple of wish?

Oh, no, I guess.

No, really already.

He gives you a couple of wish.

Yeah, not good.

Do they have to be grammatically correct?

Yeah, I'm a good rhyme.

Sure.

A good rhyme.

You could rhyme anything if it didn't make sense grammatically.

So objectively good.

Objectively good.

Okay.

Even if you don't like it, you say, but it's a good rhyme.

Right.

Okay.

Got it.

Yeah.

All right.

Here we go.

Let's try one more.

Sorry.

Sorry, gang.

No worries.

All right.

And your additions were, by the way, fart noises.

Is that what you're doing?

It's not a fart noise.

It's a fart.

It's a literal fart. Okay. Got it.

And I can do three at once because I got the dimples as well.

Deep dimples.

Go ahead.

All right. Here we go.

Hey, Jeannie.

It's me, your friend, Cal.

I'm just calling.

What are you doing, pal?

I'm hanging out at Scott's new show.

And no.

Oh, Scott's new show.

Yeah.

It's not a new show.

No, it's not a new.

We knew compared to the history of the world.

I don't think the Jeannie's going to give me that.

Yeah.

All right.

This time for real.

It's here we go.

It's going to happen.

Okay.

Here we go.

All right.

Here we go.

It's starting to hurt me a little bit to do the two- No, I'm sorry.

Okay.

Keep going with it.

Here we go.

Oh, Jeannie.

Can you hear my voice?

Could you come and see me?

That would be nice.

I got a wish that I'd like to make.

Not just for me, but someone that you'd find in the cake.

Her name is Peanut.

Let's be fine.

Peanut.

I mean...

I think it worked.

Hey, what's up?

Hi, Jeannie.

Hey, what's going on?

It's good to see you.

Hey, Mommy, what's going on, girl?

Thank you for enjoying my own.

I already summoned me.

I did do it.

It was objectively good.

Thank you.

You find a peanut cake?

Sometimes you find a peanut cake.

I'm asking.

You find a peanut cake?

No, not really.

Oh, okay.

It was just for a dramatic purpose.

All right, great.

But listen, Jeannie.

What's up?

I think I'm ready to do my last two wishes.

Your last two wishes?

Oh, this is big.

This is big, hell.

You only got two left.

I know, I know, and I'm not going to ask for more wishes.

All right, good.

Yeah.

Yeah, I wouldn't do it.

I wouldn't give it to you.

You would have?

Yeah.

Oh.

Well...

Are you not going to do it?

No, it doesn't seem right.

All right.

What do you want?

How do you feel about it?

I feel fine.

Doesn't matter to me.

You don't care.

I don't give a shit.

But then I have to keep asking you to grant the wishes.

I love you.

I don't care.

I'd like to spend time with you.

You're too, Jeannie.

Yeah.

But you're not going to do it, you said.

No, it doesn't seem.

And the man's word is freaking bad.

It's so true, Jeannie.

Yeah.

What do you want?

Okay.

This is my friend, Peanut Potten.

Hey!

Peanut!

Hello, of course.

I'm everybody's friend.

You're not going to...

Are you really?

You're not going to imprison me in a bottle, are you?

No, of course not.

But Jeannie, do you know Dolly Parton?

Yeah.

She wished for Dollywood.

And boy, I did a good job on that one.

I got to say.

Pretty good.

She wished to be in the rock and roll Hall of Fame.

And then she came out and she was like pretending like she didn't want it.

But that was just because she didn't want anyone.

And that was a wish.

And she also wished for a left of a sandwich that somebody left in the refrigerator.

She was like, I wish no one sees me when I take this left of a sandwich.

You know, that makes me sick because she wished for Dollywood so she could have the play.

You know, she's got...

There's a big cemetery in Dollywood.

And that's where all the previous parts were there.

It's a cemetery in Dollywood?

Oh, nice.

And they're on Mark to Grime.

Really?

How many of the previous Pons died?

Many of them.

I said it already.

I said most of them were still alive.

I was confused.

I was confused, Peter.

And I'm sorry.

I don't want this to wreck our friendship.

That's fine.

I'm never going to free it.

Am I still in the internet?

Yeah, Jeannie.

Sorry.

What do I say like I'm on a phone?

I don't know.

Your magic.

You could do whatever you want.

I'm sort of like I'm in the cloud.

Is what I'm trying to convey here.

The cloud?

Yeah.

The cloud with all your data, with all your nudes, Cal.

Come on, Jeannie.

All right.

I got two wishes.

Yeah, what's up?

Now these are wishes for my friend Peanut.

Go wishes for another person.

You're the better man than I.

Oh, come on.

I'm not a man though.

I'm a Jeannie.

That's true.

Ha ha.

You got me.

All right.

First, a color TV.

One color TV.

Yeah.

Okay.

Any specificity on the size or anything like that?

Just something pretty bright because my eyeballs are getting dim.

Okay.

Well, you can adjust the settings on normal TVs so they can be there's a whole brightness like thing on there.

You press buttons and stuff like that.

Okay, but now, I'm not wishes for you to do it.

Well, you don't have wishes, baby.

I'm not wishes.

Sorry.

Sorry, Jeannie.

She's new to the whole thing.

I'll give you a little leeway on this.

Now, I'll tell you this.

The Jeannie does not do ironic wishes, but he does require specificity.

Yeah.

And also, I don't invent things that don't exist already.

All right.

So like you're going to get a normal TV.

That's true.

But it has a brightness button on it and that'll be good enough for you.

All right.

Is that good Peanut?

Okay.

Yeah.

That's pretty good.

All right.

Because you know, I never had parents think of me Christmas gifts.

So this will be the first kind of gift that Peanut's gift.

Oh, no.

That's so sad.

That sounds like a real hard candy Christmas.

And I'll even do, I know you would try to wish for something even though you don't have wishes or me to set it up for you and stuff.

Like I'm part of the freaking geek squad or something, but I'll turn the brightness way up on it.

Thanks, Jeannie.

All right.

Thank you.

I appreciate it.

Give her a break.

She's just falling in the lab.

Why am I going to get this TV?

All right.

And I's electronics, the dry market, maybe?

That's the Jeannie.

I'm sorry.

I wear you.

My butt is coming.

This is going to cost me $1,300.

$2.5.

All right.

Well, I'll get it.

I'll go on for you.

All right.

And then the phone is going to be.

This is my phone.

Oh, so I didn't realize it was more legit.

Yeah.

What do you want to deliver?

Oh, the television?

Why don't we freaking talking about here, baby?

Well, I guess you could have it delivered to the dumpster out back of the science laboratory in Tennessee.

Done and done.

Were the CIA guys out?

That's right.

OK.

Yeah.

The one with the binoculars.

Yeah.

The dumpster with Ben binoculars.

Got it.

All right.

This is my final wish, Jeannie.

Oh my god.

And this wish I picked out especially for you, Peanut.

This is a touching freaking moment here.

You guys are gazing deep into each other's eyes.

That tick that I thought it was going to be.

Yeah.

Peanut looked at me with a soulful, mobilized.

Yeah.

No one's ever had to wish for me before, except for, oh, Peanut, I wish you'd get lost.

Because you didn't work out and you're not Dolly Parton.

Those freaking deep dimples there?

These guys sounded so rude.

I really wish we could have found stuff in that dumpster.

Close them down.

Guys, let's hurry this out.

I haven't been talking a lot.

Sorry.

We have to go to a break.

OK, sorry.

I thought you'd be impressed with Jeannie here.

Look, there are a lot of shits happening over the years.

I guess it's true.

Little people living in the walls and shit, so.

Oh, really?

I mean, little Jeannie isn't good enough for you?

OK.

Jeannie, don't be too hot on him.

He has seen a lot of crazy stuff.

Yeah.

I've seen his nudes too for freaking weirdo.

OK.

All right.

This is my wish for you, Peanut.

And I know you're in a bad way.

And you could really use a break.

But I don't want to tell you how to live your life, but I do think this would be good for you.

Jeannie, my wish is that Peanut be able to use an additional consonant when she sings.

Wow.

Hopefully that gets you closer to the whole alphabet.

Oh, my goodness.

Can I pick?

Oh, can I pick the consonant?

Oh, hold on a second.

I got to come forward with my client.

Peanut, what do you think?

Any preference?

I think, Taylor's choice.

I'm just happy to be here.

Oh boy.

Well, Jeannie, it's your decision.

I'm going to pick.

And Jeannie, yeah.

You're a nice guy, right?

I'm a nice guy.

It's just like Don Rickles uses sing.

I love you.

I love you, too, Kyle.

I hope we can still hang out, although to be honest, is not really any reason for us to.

It's like we're two people, we used to go to college together, and then we get out of college and anytime we see each other, we just talk about our college friends.

Yeah, let's do it, bad.

You're my best friend.

You're my best friend, too.

I love you, but I'm never going to see you again after this.

All right, here we go.

So, Jeannie, I just know you know I can already say D.

D's, yeah.

All right.

I'm going to give you W.

Okay.

I guess I'll try it.

I feel a song burning up within me.

Doing, doing, doing, doing, doing.

That sounds really good.

It sounds very close to Dorely.

It's close to Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan.

D-Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan, Dogan.

Not Dad.

Do you think you can put them together?

Doo-oo.

Hey, I've done my job at Jeannie.

Ow!

Bye, Jeannie.

I'm going to miss you.

Bye, Jeannie.

Wow.

Well, Peanut, amazing.

You can, you have another concept.

No, I could probably get on stage and no one would know who's Dolly and who's Peanut.

And I mean, your dibbles are so deep.

I can see.

I'm still not enough hair.

I can see your skull.

You can wear a wig.

That's true.

Dolly wears a wig after all.

She does?

What?

But it's part of what they made in the Petri dish so that wig actually engrossed off her head.

Next thing you're going to tell me that she wears a padded bra.

No, she does it.

No, she's perfect.

That's right.

Okay.

Look, we got to take a break.

When we come back, this is exciting.

Cal and Peanut, can you guys stick around?

I have no way to go.

Okay.

Well, when we come back, we have a TV personality, an actual TV star.

This is exciting.

We don't get most of those these days.

You don't get most of those.

We got one.

Most would be half a million.

But we got one.

So very far off from most.

I guess it's a definition of what a TV personality is.

Yeah, maybe they're probably millions of TV personalities.

Mocked to Carlo from Stutz.

Sure.

Why not?

Who can see these days?

All right.

We're going to be right back with more company.

You ever this?

Company gang.

How many bang bang?

No, actually, I say that, Cal.

Oh, I thought I would do it for you.

So you went out so much.

That's so nice.

But maybe you like saying it.

You're like, that was presumptuous of it.

It's quite all right.

You're like a Jesus when he was carrying that guy on the beach.

Which guy?

Whoever, anonymous, whoever wrote that thing.

No, the guy that wears the mask.

From Viva, he breaks into the cup of deader mask.

You knew actually that him was written about one of the previous pardons because I accidentally made an invisible one.

Accidentally.

Were they happy that they had cracked the secret of how to bend light into invisibility?

No, because then he left and he did a bunch of assaults.

Oh, have you seen a movie, Hollow Man?

I did.

Yeah, with Kevin Bacon.

That was one degree.

Oh, that was one of the pardons and that was a mess up.

Wow.

Okay.

Yeah, that's no good.

He got invisible and went straight to sexual assault.

I mean, I think they were trying to imply that the experiment had done something wrong to his brain.

I don't know.

Honestly, any time we made anybody invisible on the CIA, they always went to sexual assault.

Oh, no.

Okay.

I'm sure you can delete that, Rach got a thing you do.

Please, unable to.

Unfortunate.

I don't think we can.

Please delete.

I'm already in a bad place with them.

They're still mad.

But they're not trying to assassinate you.

They're not like as mad as the CIA can get, right?

No, they don't assassinate you.

John F. Kennedy, mad.

Yeah.

No, CIA never assassinates anybody in the CIA.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Anybody else?

Look out.

Okay.

Interesting.

Well, we have to get to.

It is interesting.

We have to get to our next guest if that's interesting as well.

And he's a TV personality.

This is exciting.

I don't recognize his name, but he'll be able to tell us what television show he's on.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Alan Stubbs.

Hi, Alan.

Thank you so much for having me.

My name is Alan Stubbs.

Yeah.

I'm here with Antiques Roadshow.

Oh.

We are in Los Angeles County.

You're on the show Antiques Roadshow.

I've seen that show.

That's the show where...

Well, it's a show where appraisers like myself...

You're an appraiser on the show.

I'm an appraiser on the show.

I wear a blue blazer and I have a badge and a badge.

And appraisers badge.

I have an appraisers badge.

And I say...

How often do people say, hey, I'm going to need to see the badge if you're going to appraise this for me?

They check the badge when we go on to the...

It's usually a convention center or something like that.

Do you mind if I see the badge?

Because I'm...

I doubt...

I mean, not doubt, but I really want to just confirm that you are.

Do you want to see the badge?

Yeah, I'd love to see the badge.

Is it something you have to carry with you at all times?

It is something I have to carry with me at all times.

If you're going to appraise...

I'm going to appraise anything.

Okay.

What has it ever happened to you where you're out there and you're like, man, I wish I could have praised something, but I don't have the badge.

I always keep the badge on me.

Oh, you do?

Because I'm always ready to appraise.

Even in the shower.

Okay.

Because it's eliminated probably.

Yeah, exactly.

Does it ever get you out of a speeding ticket?

It has been...

Well, it has never gotten me out of a speeding ticket.

I've never received a speeding ticket.

I have received a speeding ticket.

Okay.

Because I thought maybe you wouldn't know if it had gotten you out.

What it has allowed me to do is to guess exactly how much the ticket is going to be for.

Wow!

And you do that by realizing how fast you were going and then multiplying it by the...

And appraising the...

You know, thinking about the laws.

Right.

Praising how much over the speed limit I went on.

Right.

Multiplying that by a factor.

If you do it for the officer, then does that get you out of the ticket?

Yeah.

It does not get me out of the ticket, but the officer is usually pretty impressed.

Okay, that's great.

Can I see that badge, by the way?

Yeah, here we go.

Oh, yeah.

Wow!

I mean, that's an official appraiser's badge.

It looks good.

It is.

Looks really shiny, by the way.

Well, that's kind of too shiny.

Kind of like the glare of it kind of got my eyes.

Sorry, I'll move that as well.

Yeah, a little...

We should close the sky, like, probably.

Yeah, probably.

But I just love looking at all the smoke up there.

I know.

I love seeing that smoke.

Some...

One of these days, hopefully it'll be white smoke.

And then, well, no.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Young Pope.

Is the building on fire?

No way!

We don't need no water.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Obviously.

And it must be nice to drive.

I can't even drive because I don't have feet.

But enjoy using your badge to get you out of all sorts of triple.

Everyone here with your working organs and everything going good for you.

Yeah.

You're stink like shit.

Hey, harsh reviews, but tough but fair.

Hey, so Alan, so you're on this television show.

You appraise things.

What type of things?

Because I've seen the show sort of where it's like, and it's baked into the title, antique roadshow.

Where you're going out there to like people, or people are bringing these things to you, where it's like they find stuff in their garage.

People bring stuff on the show.

Oh, right now?

Everything okay?

I inhaled some water.

Oh, you inhaled?

Oh, usually I would say drink some water to take care of that.

But I mean, it's the thing that causes the problem.

What do you do?

That's 22.

Earth?

I guess eat some grass.

Wind would help a little bit.

Don't think the smoke ain't stopping either.

That got it.

Maybe it's the smoke.

Yeah.

So people, you're going to be- Sorry to explain.

Our smokers lounge is right there on the right.

It's right there.

I saw that.

It was really nice out there.

It's sort of a throwback to an older time.

Yeah, it really is.

That's what it was meant to imply.

It's just a sort of loungy, like rat pack kind of vibe up there.

Yeah.

Oh, the rat pack.

Lots of people come in bringing in teaks related to things like the rat pack.

Really stuff that like Frank Sinatra has owned, or touched, or- Sometimes things he's touched.

Sometimes.

Just touched.

Stuff that he's touched once, or more than once?

Well, stuff that he's touched, that's also 100 years old.

Oh, so I get it.

Okay.

So the Sinatra part of it isn't really anything more than just a curiosity factor.

The Sinatra part would make it a collector's item.

It wouldn't necessarily make it an antique.

Okay, what is- is an antique- Is there a certain age on it?

Does that- The traditional age for antiques is 100 years or older.

Although- Okay.

People are a little bit loose with that.

Loose, fast on the item.

Can I ask you when another year rolls around?

Like when 2022 rolled around?

Were all the people who owned stuff from 1922, were they all like, yes, we finally have antiques?

There was a big flooding of the antique market of 1992 items.

It was in 2022.

Not 1992, but- 2022, yeah.

But I would imagine January 1 is like- It's a big day for a phrase- Huge day.

Lots of stuff- New stuff.

And you guys must be excited too.

Oh, yeah.

Because you're getting to see all this new stuff.

We're getting to see all this new stuff and put numbers on it.

Yeah.

What's up?

I noticed that you're holding a- Interesting pen or a marker, Sinatra.

Yeah.

I mean, I have a whiteboard here.

I write down people's names like yours, Alan Stubbs, so that I don't forget them.

It's just kind of a dry erase marker.

Scott, why don't you tell me a little bit about that marker?

How did it come into your possession?

Oh, I mean, it's- I guess possession is 9-10th of the law.

It's technically not mine.

It would be the studio's property, but I am holding it, and I guess if I were to take it home, no one really argued.

But yeah, I was just kind of here on the dry erase board when I walked in.

Wow.

That's very interesting.

Is that good?

Well, yeah.

Is that good?

Is that something that- I mean, are you trying to tell me that this is worth?

I mean, it's not a- Well, you're a- You're a praising as we speak- I'm a praising marker as we speak- Is?

I didn't even see it.

I just realized that's what you're doing.

I see it now.

You're appraising this.

I'm appraising it.

What do you think?

I mean, it's- I wouldn't even think it's one-year-old, but- or actually we haven't been in the studio for a couple years, so maybe three.

So you don't know the age of it?

No.

You got it from the studio.

Do you know if the studio got it from a state sale- police auction- Police- Police- Large sale gem- Wouldn't surprise me if they got it from a police auction, like a drug dealer.

They go it down there a lot to get stuff all the cheap.

I mean, you know, with the budgets these days for podcasts, I would- and the amount of ads that certain podcasts don't get.

So it wouldn't surprise me, but I doubt it.

I think it was probably just like from a save- What about having a Lisa mattress?

I know.

Are they still around?

I- Look, I'm a- I'm a- a- Saitva.

How do you say their name again?

I don't know.

They tell you how when you read that, and then you forget immediately.

Boy, I wouldn't know.

But we're a- Saitva- Saitva family now?

Okay.

That's too bad because Lisa is one of the most beautiful names in the world.

It is.

It's really- Was there ever a Lisa Parton?

No.

I think that name is too hot to be for a science experiment girl.

Too hot.

Everyone knows Lisa is a notoriously hot name for Hot Girls Only, who are only in their 20s and very hot.

Yeah.

It's a Rinna.

That's a good name.

Lisa Rinna, exactly.

So do you- I mean, but do you think this is- I don't know the history, but I don't know where the- the studio got it, but do you think I mean, if I were to- Well, Scott, Yeah.

I'm going to tell you right now.

Okay.

What it is.

Oh, great.

Why were you asking me all these questions if you know?

Because that's what we do on the show.

We like to ask people to give us a story about the items that they've- How was my story?

Was it interesting at all or- Oh, fascinating.

Every story is fascinating to me, because I already know the answer.

Oh, okay.

Fascinating how wrong that makes sense.

Absolutely.

Okay.

Well, tell me about it.

Scott, that is a green expo marker.

Dry erase.

Low odor, it says on it.

Does that have anything to do with what it is?

Is that good?

It's not about good or bad.

It's just about appraising the correct price.

Okay.

That is a low odor green expo marker manufactured in 2019.

That is not an antique.

Yeah, I didn't think it was.

Okay.

Well, I just wanted to make sure that you didn't have any ideas that you had an antique on your hands.

I don't even- I don't even think they invented dry erase marker.

I just thought you were asking me about it because it was a kind of rare type of marker or something like that.

I saw it and I noticed it the way you were holding it.

I was like, this seems like- Wait, I'm holding it.

I'm holding it like I'm going to write something with it?

Well, you're holding it like it's the most precious thing you've ever owned.

I'm holding it like a marker.

Anyone who- Holding it a little bit delicately.

You're cradling it, kind of.

Okay, look.

Is that what you do?

You just go around like to all your friends and you see whatever they're holding and you appraise it and tell them it's not worth it.

Well, Scott, that's- And they're hopes up?

That's a lot of what I've been doing lately.

Yeah.

What's been going on?

I've been going around and making sure that people know that their stuff is just normal stuff.

Look, I mean, I realize it must get boring for you.

There's only so many antiques in the world.

Scott, it's not about boredom.

What is it about?

It's about past mistakes.

Oh, no.

What happened?

Alan Stubbs.

There was a time when I wasn't always an honest appraiser.

No, you were playing fast and loose just like whatever we were talking about earlier.

I was playing fast and loose with the date rages of what constitutes an antique.

I was playing fast and loose with- No.

Whether or not celebrities touch something and whether or not that made something an antique?

No, no.

Why?

Why would you do it?

Were you trying to look cool?

Scott, it didn't start out that way.

What did it start out as?

From 2002 to 2007.

Antiques Roadshow, myself included, which I was a part of systematically and deliberately overvalued items that came on our show.

Is that good?

Lisa?

Peanut?

She was just talking about- Just talking about Lisa.

Just talking about the most beautiful day I've ever heard.

Yeah.

Peanut, it was not good.

Oh, yeah.

It was not- I mean, when you pray something, you're not paying them for it.

You're just telling them what you think it's worth.

And then they go out.

I'm not paying for them.

I'm telling them what I know it's worth.

What you know it is worth.

And then said- In those cases, when I told them a number that I knew was wrong and was higher than what it actually was worth.

And so then they go out and they say, hey, this is worth this.

And then what happens?

And then they are humiliated.

Oh, the worst thing that can happen to a person.

Scott, 15 years ago, I might have told you that that Expo marker was worth $1,000.

I don't know that I would have believed you- You would have taken that Expo markers to a Sotheby's auction house to try to auction it off.

And you would have been laughed out of the room.

Yeah.

And why would you do this?

Because ratings.

You know, when I started appraising your marker and you started thinking maybe it was special?

Yeah, you sort of tricked me in it.

You got my hopes up and I really felt like maybe I was going to cash in.

You got dollar signs in your eyes.

I was about ready to end this podcast.

I was like the final episode.

Wow.

Here we go.

So you really fell for it.

Yeah, I kind of did.

Yeah, he got me.

Well, we realized that if we just let people believe that what they had was worth something that they'd watched the show, that everybody would- The people that you tricked would watch the show and it would add one more viewer to it.

Is that what you're saying?

The people want to believe- Well, everyone wants to see themselves on TV.

It gets, but you could just tell them the truth and they would watch several- If they found out this stuff was junk, they wouldn't watch the TV show.

You think they wouldn't gather their friends and go like, look, we found out our stuff is junk, but look, we're on TV.

This is cool, right?

That's a good way to do it.

Several of the people whose items we incorrectly appraised did become viewers of the show.

Scott, it was mayhem.

I mean, we- Yeah, I mean, I can tell from just the tenor of your voice.

It's very exciting.

With such regret.

I don't know if you remember what we were up against back then, rating swags.

Rating swags?

You probably have the American Idol show is out there, but I truly don't know.

I mean, isn't Antique's roadshow- I almost said rodeo.

That's- Did people get that confused?

People get it confused.

Like an antique radio.

Then I said radio.

What's going on?

We're saying words.

Hey, look, that should be the tagline of this podcast.

We're saying words.

But look, wasn't that a PBS show?

Was it up against other PBS shows?

For our demographic, we were up against divorce court.

Which was really hitting its stride at that point.

People were watching a lot of Seinfeld reruns.

And we just had to do something- You saw the end it back in like 1980 or 1990.

It had just ended a few years earlier than that, and people were really hitting the- Syndication sweet spot.

Syndication sweet spot.

Yeah, as we say in the biz.

And we just had to do something to get people to watch.

Okay, and so how much would you boost these up?

Like by what kind of percentage wise or dollar amounts?

How much?

Well, that, for instance, that marker would probably- Stop getting my hopes up.

Is this marker worth something?

This marker is- Watch the markup.

The markup of that marker is zero.

And I'm not going to get your worth- No worth anything.

It's- You could maybe get one dollar for it on Facebook- If like someone needed one?

If someone needed one and they were looking for a marker- Like they were in a jam somehow and they were like, Look, I'll give you a dollar for it.

Yeah, they were like, I- I couldn't talk them up.

I go, Look, you need this and I don't need it.

You might be able to talk them up, but that would be beyond the actual intrinsic value of the- Okay, go ahead.

Mr. Stubbs, I have a Petri just that Dolly Parton pissed in.

You do?

Why did you- You should piss in the Petri dish.

Because you have to- Have you ever been to the doctor?

Scott, you have to piss in the Petri dish.

Uh, I usually do it in a little plastic cup.

Okay, well, you're a big boy.

Congratulations.

Ha ha ha ha ha.

They usually say, Wait till mid-stream.

That's the new thing they've sprung on me lately.

Like, Hey, wait a little bit before you get it.

Because the first stuff comes out, it's just water.

Well, is this a new thing?

This is what- Like suddenly I've been peeing in cups my entire life.

Sure.

And then suddenly my doctor- I'm there the other day and they go like, Oh, and hey, wait till like, you got it going for a while before you put that in the cup.

But I was like, is this new science that I don't know anything about?

It's tough for me because it takes a long time to get out.

Yeah.

Now we've had a lot of people come on the show with Dolly Parton related- Really?

Things she's touched.

She said that she, uh, pissed on this Petri dish.

She pissed in it to be sure.

She pissed in the Petri dish.

Was this the Petri dish- I was listening earlier.

It's the same Petri dish she was born in.

Yes.

Oh, the same Petri dish.

She was born- So we've got piss and a little bit of a tooth and a blood and a piece of hair.

Make a whole new dolly from it.

You can eat a minute.

Wow.

Whole new young dolly?

Okay, perfect.

Like that.

With tits on her ass.

I want some baby dolly.

But I want a lollipop.

I want a lollipop.

Twenty-year-old dolly whenever she got famous.

Even that's not great, Scott.

I'm 29.

I'm still in the window.

Well, well, if you do replicate her, then you have to give us your word that you put her in the grow-up fast microwave.

Oh, you have one of those?

Well, they all went through it.

Even gone cook.

So how old are you?

Wow, does that- Is that why you think you're 80?

Because when you're actually 76?

You're not very welcome.

My brain's made of peanuts.

I know.

So you're 80?

Something like that.

You were born before dolly parton.

Right?

Oh, yes.

You were earlier in the- That was a previous parton.

So that would make dolly parton's petri dish less than 80 years old.

Well, she's only 76 at the moment.

She's 76.

So her petri dish was how long was the incubation period?

Well, then they put her in the grow-up fast microwave.

Let her do the math because they didn't want her to be baby.

They wanted her to be hot girl already.

So I think they withdrew up to 16 and that was her first day of life.

So she's actually 60?

Is that what you're saying?

No, 16!

After the grow-up fast microwave for the baby!

I know, but you're saying they took 16 years off of her life, which would make her 60?

No, she's 76.

70.

Where are we arguing?

I don't know.

I love you, Scott.

I love you too.

I love you as a friend.

Anyways, I love you as a friend.

What is the pre-produced worth?

The petri dish is not- And don't do it slow like that for a second.

Yeah, why don't you talk faster?

We all know what you're going to say.

You're going to say it's not worth anything.

Well, it's not an antique.

First of all, because it's not 100 years old.

Right.

That would be true.

The petri dishes don't just help.

Oh!

The petri dishes aren't too famous, but it's not the petri dishes actually kind of leather.

No, I would have known that.

You've got her a new one, but it's probably one they already had.

That's right.

They're the one they've been using for a while and it's made of leather and it's from Victoria.

So anything, no matter how commonplace it is, once it hits 100 years old, it's an antique.

If it's of good quality and has historical significance, that's the other portion of it.

All right, but this sounds like it has historical significance.

That's what I'm saying.

A petri dish.

Dolly Parton was born in this.

A leather petri dish from the Victorian era gave birth to Dolly Parton.

And still has her blood and a tooth in it.

And a hand.

And pee.

It could go either way.

A leather petri dish from the- Well, tell us which way it is going to go.

Well, I'm saying a leather-ish dick.

A leather petri dish from the Victorian era.

And the area.

England.

No, it was actually British Columbia.

British.

Oh, the Commonwealth.

Victoria British Columbia.

Oh, okay.

Comical.

Are you Canadian?

Well, all of our cells are.

We got zipped up into the microwave in Tennessee.

Got it, Con.

For the accent as well.

If it was just a petri dish from the Victorian era slash area.

God speed this up.

It would be an antique.

Whether or not Dolly Parton had anything to do with it.

A note because it has to- It's the possible signet between what you're saying too.

A reg- On the edge of my seat.

Okay, I'm sorry.

I have to explain all this because I can't- We don't have the petri dish in front of us.

I can't see it.

If I could see it, I would appraise it immediately.

The way you're appraising and I am picturing it in my mind.

So you're just a biceye guy, you can tell.

I'm a biceye guy.

I don't do appraisals over the phone very well.

But- Oh, but you do do it.

I do them.

But not well.

Must have been a lot during quarantine.

Yeah.

Appraisals by Zoom.

And I had to make sure that they weren't like messing with the feeds.

Yeah, you have laggy internet as well.

I have very laggy internet.

Yeah, that can be hard for appraising things.

You have dial up?

Yeah.

That's bad.

Why?

Do you live in an area where- I live in a- You don't have high speed internet?

I live in a- Wait, are you a time traveler?

No, I'm not a time traveler.

I just- I haven't- Nothing about me has changed since- 1996, really.

Really?

Yeah.

So like your favorite band- My favorite band is Blink-182.

Okay, so they're early stuff.

They're early stuff.

Okay.

Before they sold out.

Seeing their shows.

Just their shows.

All right.

Yeah.

Yeah, when they were coming up.

Wow.

So you're a real old school hardcore fan.

I'm an old school hardcore fan.

Yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

I notice you're wearing a Simpsons t-shirt.

Yeah, underneath my blazer I've got a- Yeah.

Simpsons t-shirt.

Um- What were we talking about?

I don't know.

You were talking about me.

You were talking about the Petri dish.

Oh.

So this is- So this is- It's over 100 years old.

It's from the Victorian area and era.

Now, if it were just a regular plastic Petri dish, that was 100 years old.

Plastic?

It would not- It would not necessarily have historical significance.

But if it had Dolly Parton's piss on it, it would.

Can't you say urine?

Well, this is the- You said it.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

I got a apple brain.

Ha ha ha ha.

Good point.

That's a great point.

This man's a doctor with a badge.

He's wild.

Wait, are you a doctor?

Yeah, are you a doctor?

Uh, I am a doctor.

Of what?

A doctor of appraisals.

Oh, wow.

Doctor of philosophy in a- Oh, a philosophy.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

Wait, should we have been calling you doctor at Alan Stops?

Oh, I'm not so fussy about that.

I mean, I'm a guy who likes Blink 182 when this sits.

So, can you give us an answer?

Because you've been giving us the ramp up for so long.

Is this worth anything?

Is this sanitary to have a leather Petri dish, by the way?

Well, I don't know.

They didn't have plastic back then.

The leather has soaked up quite a bit of the blood in the urine, so the color is a wacky kind of orange.

The leather Petri dish is worth- $20,000.

That's enough to get some of my organs, isn't it?

Yeah, you could buy a whole new butthole for that.

You think so?

I think so.

I haven't been in the market for bales.

Will you rip me a new one, Scott?

Sure.

I'll do it for $20.

Wow, wait, that's his penis lucky day.

You could have him rip you a new butthole 1,000 times.

Okay, I'll take a thousand of them then.

I could be like a sponge.

Add a buttholes to my face, next to my dimples.

You already are sort of like a sponge with those deep, deep dimples, I have to say.

But I got blonde hair like Dolly Parton.

Well, you look like SpongeBob Squarepants.

Thank you.

I am wearing these little daisy dukes.

Yeah, I noticed.

SpongeBob was a little after my time.

I understand.

I mean, I get it, but it's, you know, for- For kids.

So what is she supposed to do with this $20,000 thing?

She just goes and sells it on eBay or something like that.

But do you like stamp it with anything?

Do you or just, do we go like, hey, I give you a certificate of appraisal.

That's cool.

And I better immediately start taking care of it.

Because up until now I've been wearing it as like one of the little monkey hats.

You know when the monkey wears a little red hat?

Like the monkey is like Davey Jones and- No.

Like here's that was that was Peter.

No, what was his name?

Mike Nesbith.

He had the- No, like the monkey from Friends.

Oh.

Marcel.

Kind of monkey who- You're a freak.

Hi, stop watching the- I'm still in the show anymore.

You see you're a Marcel fan.

Yeah, that's what my cell guy.

If you've been wearing it as a hat, I would recommend that you stop doing that immediately.

If you want the full value of the Petri dish.

But if you don't want to sell the Petri dish and hold on to it for sentimental reasons or whatever, then go ahead and wear it as a hat.

But I give you a certificate of appraisal.

Do you have- Do you carry certificates as well as your badge everywhere you go?

I have a clear badge pouch as you can see.

Yeah.

Flash to the- Oh yeah.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's not incredibly clear.

It's a little dirty, by the way.

Like, you got a lot of gunk on it.

Oh, I'm sorry to bring up your- Hi!

I'm so sorry.

Gunk gunk in there.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

It's pretty bloody actually.

Yeah, what is going on?

Is it just a blood?

I think it's gunk.

Wait a minute.

Can someone get you gunk to be a prey?

Well, look, I've been through so many, like, old things.

You know?

Oh my god.

That's a reason.

I've been dumster diving.

Can you keep all of them with you?

At all times.

You have gunk.

This is your sister.

My sister.

This is your sister being on your sister gunk.

How beautiful.

This is beautiful.

I've never had any family before.

I'm not trying to tell her how to climb.

She's my sister.

She doesn't acknowledge me.

No, but this is a reunion.

Gunk.

Gimme gunk.

It's gunk.

I can't give you- You can hold onto the badge, but I need it back.

Yeah.

Wow.

Take the badge out of the bag.

Oh my god.

She's holding- I love the gunk.

My own leg gunk.

She can shim.

I'm on the earth.

I'm on the continent now.

I've got lyrics from gunk.

Maybe you just needed the blood from gunk to be an entirely complete human being.

Yeah.

I'm going to be in and I'm going to be in.

Wow.

Look at this.

This is amazing.

Incredible.

Oh god.

Dr. Allen Stubbs, you've caused a miracle here.

You've caused a miracle.

Does she have to give the badge back?

Well, you know, I think that my life has come full circle.

This is why you became an appraiser, isn't it?

I mean, to witness something like this?

Well- And to talk slowly?

Did you talk slowly before the appraisal or was that- Or was that like, is it for a dramatic effect or- I was- Or just like a slow guy.

They do an orientation at Antiques Roadshow where they tell you how to- Like a videotape or like do you watch someone else being slow or- You sit down and watch on a color television, a videotape color.

I go with the- Wow.

Okay.

Where someone tells you exactly how to- The cadence and how slow you go- What's your actual voice like?

Because you probably talk like a 90s guy, right?

My actual voice sounds like this, man.

Wow.

Even slower.

More of a dude kind of voice though.

When I'm not appraising, this is what I sound- I'm a Matthew McConaughey kind of thing.

Like- I'm not even- I'm not even- I'm not even- I was sort of like, oh right.

I wasn't hearing that.

I was hearing like a surfer guy.

Yeah.

Surfer- But I mean, you wouldn't say- Matthew McConaughey is a surfer guy?

He's kind of a surfer guy.

You know what?

He was in a movie called Surfer Dude.

He was- Yes, before the McConasants.

Right.

Well listen.

I can talk in my normal voice now, man, guys.

Yeah.

It is slower.

Oh god.

Because I think I'm done being an appraiser.

You know- Wow.

The hope that people had in their eyes back when I was a young man and- You know, even pause before you said man.

It's interesting.

Dude.

I was a young dude.

Whatever you want to say.

I'm just like, you're taking more pauses now than before.

Well back when I was a young- I cannot.

You can't start over.

You have to start from where you left off.

Surfer Dude.

I uh- This is what- This is why- Not the pause.

This is why- I- Uh- Quick!

Quick!

We're ready at the stop!

That time he swallowed.

So carried away with uh- People- When I would see the false hope in people's eyes of that- Their thing might be worth something and making people's dreams come true.

I- I let that get the best of me.

And I felt like I had to come in here and- And what I've been doing around here in Los Angeles County going around and- Telling people that their stuff's just normal stuff.

Well today, I was able to see the reaction that I've been wanting to see.

Man.

Well you made it good.

Oh god you have more.

Go ahead.

Someone- The- The hope in your eyes of being able to- Mention that already.

Be re-enided with Gunk and be able to sing a song.

Yeah we all saw this.

Where are you- Where are you gonna- Like just- I'm just saying that I don't- That I don't have to be in a praise or any more.

Yes! You said that at the beginning.

You said I don't have to be in a praise or any more.

Then you went off on a big speech.

It was the slowest speech I've ever heard.

And you just said everything that we all saw.

Okay.

Well congrats Dr. Allen Stubbs.

And now you can catch up on all those Sifal and Ollie's that you missed.

Yeah!

The Seven.

Huh?

Sifal and Ollie from the 90s.

I don't know what that is.

You don't know what that is.

Boy you went for a treat.

I can't wait to watch the all my new free time.

You could even watch the Americans if you wanted to.

Oh!

Catch up a little on what this guy had said.

It was doing in the 80s.

That was a little before your time.

Yeah that was a little before my time.

Americans is recent.

It was 2000s.

2000s.

Yeah don't bother.

Yeah.

I'm probably just going to watch more Simpsons.

There you go!

I mean there were- There've been a lot of seasons since the 90s.

I don't watch this.

You just watched it.

I mean quite honestly me either.

That 1990 through 1998 stretch, that's- That's the best.

Those are the golden years.

Yeah.

Listen to that or watching that.

Wait you only listen to it?

I do onsite appraisals and I watch TV over the phone.

So do you have a roommate like holding the phone up to the TV?

Or what exactly is the- Is he a cousin Marvin?

Oh I'd love it stuff.

My cousin Marvin, he- You know the TV show you've been fun to listen to?

Here it is.

Yeah I listen to my cousin watch.

He holds up the phone to it and I talk to him over the phone.

My cousin Marvin.

Hey it makes complete sense to me.

Complete sense to me.

Well Marvin we are running out of time.

Is that a surprise to you?

He's docked around.

Oh I was sorry.

Marvin is docked in his mouth.

I got confused with Marvin.

Where is Marvin by next time you come away with the show?

Where is Marvin by?

I'd love to talk to Marvin.

You see that?

I don't know.

Marvin's also in a prison but he cut his hand.

I could- I mean I could have him.

You get it?

I got him calling in.

I've never been in the same room as him.

What?

Okay.

Oh sure.

I'd love it if you would call in.

Yeah would you promise?

Because I want you back.

I promise.

You promise to come back?

Well I promise.

And to call Marvin the next time you're here?

Come back and call Marvin.

Okay.

Learn more about him.

Yeah I'd love it.

I mean he sounds like an interesting guy.

He's an interesting guy.

He sits around watching cartoons all day.

Mostly.

The phone to the TV.

That's most of what- No no I'm thinking about this.

I've never really asked Marvin much about what's going on in his life.

I just call him up and I say can you put on sips?

You're a rude guy.

I want to talk to Marvin.

Marvin's- Actually I don't care if you come back.

Just give me Marvin's number.

All right.

I want to talk to you.

Marvin's number.

I want to talk to you.

What if we all meet back here?

With Marvin?

What if we- Next week?

Can we do this next week?

Or in 10 years.

Whichever one comes first.

Yeah.

But ask the listeners to remind us.

Right.

Yes.

In five years.

Five years that five years from now.

Five years to go.

Five years to set this up.

Yeah.

Because it takes five years to book this show usually.

That's why it's been going so long.

Sure.

Yeah.

I started booking today's show five years ago.

Yeah.

They're all books on our eighth anniversary.

Absolutely.

Well guys we are running at a time unfortunately.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

That is a little something called Plugs.

And you tell me what you're doing.

And you'll notice what you're doing.

No, no, no.

Show me those plugs.

No, no.

Show me those plugs.

No, no.

Show me those plugs.

No, no.

I need those plugs.

All right.

Wow.

That was sort of a daft punk kind of vibe.

Do you know how I thought it was singing?

Totally part in me too.

No, I thought I can hear that now.

But I thought it was that robot who likes vodka from posters I've seen.

A robot who likes vodka from posters you've seen.

It's like a sex.

Coasters or Post-its?

Post-its?

Post-ers.

It's like a sexy robot.

And then there's a bottle of vodka there.

Right.

Yeah.

Who's not supposed to appeal to?

People are not sex to the robot.

He wants to get drunk.

All right.

What are we plugging?

Cal, what you got to have something to plug.

Wait, who did that theme?

Oh, sorry.

That was Charles Whitborne.

Charles, thank you so much.

That was Show Me Those Plugs.

Thank you, Cal.

Keep them be honest.

And what do you have to plug Cal?

You're a guy always who has his fingers in different pies.

What's going on with you?

Oh, I don't think of myself that way.

No, neither do I, really.

I don't know why I said it.

I'm just trying to fill the time.

Thanks for your honesty.

I guess I want to plug rap.

Keep listening to it.

It's really good.

And I'll get that one of these days.

When you say get there, you mean completing a rap or putting out an album or just a single.

First one and then the third one and then back to the second one.

Okay.

So single then album.

Okay, great.

Yeah.

Great.

Yeah, that's usually what people do.

That's usually the sequence of events.

That's right.

Wonderful.

When does this come out?

You know, down the line.

Okay.

Rap.

Definitely rap.

And Peanut Pardon, what do you want to plug?

I want to plug my new bottle.

Already?

Yeah, I'm flaking some beers.

No.

Wow, by the way, while Dr. Allen Stubbs was talking in between words, I tore you anew.

They tear me anew.

You owe me something.

Hey, this is all the tears Scott just did not do clean lines like I asked.

I'm so sorry.

This is their scissors that are usually reserved for craft time.

I know.

The little jacket is exactly.

I used the left-handed scissors too.

Oh, but I forgive you, Scott.

I love you as a friend.

You owe me $20 though.

I want that before you go.

All right.

Will you have anything to plug though?

I guess I got to plug at the Lisa Gilroy on social media and also history of the world that's coming out down halo because it's going to be the last thing I see before I die because my organ's not doing so good.

God, I wish you'd wished for some new organs.

I know, but I didn't want to tell you what to do.

Yeah, that's true.

At least I got a D and a W.

Oh, that's pretty good, right?

What?

All right.

And Dr. Allen Stubbs, what do you want to plug?

The consonants.

Then the minutes later you got the entire alphabet.

I'm just going to plug.

Well, I don't need to plug Antiques for Roadshow anymore.

Yeah, you're not on that anymore.

You're not going to do that.

You don't have to plug that.

I like to plug my cousin Marvin.

Okay, that's nice of you.

I mean, it sounds like a cool guy.

What's he doing for a living, by the way?

I don't know.

I never asked him.

God.

But you never heard from your aunt or anything like that?

No, never said, oh, by the way, Marvin is doing really well.

I mean, I remember him as a kid's growing up, but I...

And you haven't seen him since?

Well, no, just...

And you call him what?

Every day?

I call him every day to watch.

5 p.m. to watch some free rooms.

5 p.m.

And he makes himself available to you at 5 p.m.

every single day.

Yeah, so I guess he must have a job where he's not working at 5 p.m.

So that's all I know.

That's what it does for work.

Makes sense.

Do you have anything you enjoy that you want to plug?

Oh, yeah.

There's a comedian I like named James Mannion.

I follow him on Twitter at PizzaMannion.

Why would he be named that?

You know, if I had to appraise the situation since I don't know, it's probably because he made that 10 years ago.

Sure, yeah. When Twitter started, it was fun.

And it's like, hey, this will be fun and working weird.

It was just fun.

And now it's just a bunch of people yelling at each other and being racist.

That's right.

Yeah.

It's easy to remember, though.

PizzaMannion.

PizzaM...

I think it's fun.

Yeah, PizzaMannion.

PizzaMannion.

Yeah.

Well, go check that out.

The world just lost another pizzaMannion.

That's a deep cut.

So check that out.

Check that out.

And...

Like a deep dish pizza.

Yeah, that's it.

I would describe his tweeting style as slow.

Slow and erratic.

Eradic.

Halted.

Great.

So, but you can hear his voice in it.

And that's his thing, right?

That's his thing.

Slow voice.

Right.

Slow tweets.

So slow rollout of the tweets, as well as just like you're supposed to read them very slow.

A lot of build up.

Does he put spaces between each letter in a sentence?

He uses a lot of spaces.

Lipses, ellipses, dashes, hamdashes.

Oh, I'm dying.

Underscores.

We're underscores.

Wow.

That good.

Disguise.

I would say...

It's they're not good or bad.

Okay.

Well, speaking of neither good nor bad, I want to plug...

Look, we have the comedy bang bang tour all of August.

We're going to a city near you.

Hopefully if you live near these cities that we're going to.

And if you don't, then tough luck.

But we're going all of August from August.

First, I believe, till the end of August, we're out there.

And you can head over to CBBWorld.com.

Can I come?

I mean, you could come to one or two of them, I would think.

I want to come to every single one.

In the audience?

So if you see a guy wearing a big baseball cap, this is a wrap on it with the W.

Just like you can see the outline.

You'll know that's Cal.

But head over to CBBWorld.com.

You can get links to the tickets over there and the full schedule over there as well as...

You know, if you subscribe to CBBWorld as well, we have some great shows over there.

Some CBB Presents episodes like, Hey Randy, and this book changed my life or saved my life.

I can't remember which one it is.

Bob Dooka shows, all sorts of stuff, as well as the full archives of Comedy Bang Bang, and ad-free episodes.

Alright, let's close up the old plug bag.

No, no, no, no.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box, it's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much.

You open up the plug bag, but open it up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

I open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag as hard as you can.

Then you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

Take it.

Alright, that was open up the plug bag.

Parentheses duet by NTR Waves.

NTR Waves.

You think that's a robot that likes vodka?

I hope so, because he's gonna get some.

We send everyone who does a plug theme, a big bottle of vodka.

What if they're an alcoholic?

Well, it sucks to be them, because they're going back to it.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Cal.

Always great to see you.

Great to see you, Scott.

And we'll see you out there on that tour.

Every single night, you say?

Every single night.

Alright, people love it.

Peanut Parton, so glad that you're reunited with Gunk here.

And...

I know you don't, my nuts, Scott, because I know I asked you in the break if you wanted to touch Gunk and you said no.

But that's okay.

I am happy to be with Gunk.

He didn't take a break since we...

I did.

And I slid Gunk to you under the table and you kicked it away.

I think, yeah, I felt something slimy under the table and I kicked it away.

I just thought that was something different.

That was just my hand, and then second was Gunk.

Alright.

And Dr. Allen Stubbs, you gotta put us in touch with Marvin.

This guy sounds so interesting.

I really want to meet this guy.

Do you promise?

I promise.

You have 10 years?

But we're gonna find you in five.

We're gonna find...

Yeah.

So in five years, I'll hook up...

We're gonna start penciling in a date.

Okay.

Yeah.

Five years from now, you know, somebody will say it's five years, and then you'll go, thank you five years.

We'll pencil in a date, then we'll pen it in when it gets to be about four years or so away.

And then that is Ironclad.

Well, I think as long as...

I mean, all I know is that 5 p.m.

is probably a good time for him.

Yeah, he's...

We'd know.

Although...

So we can...

Maybe it's dad now.

Because he's watching The Simpsons and expecting a phone call as well.

Well, I'm willing to miss that one, dude.

Have you told me to?

I don't know.

That's true.

Alright, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye!

Bye!

♪ In your love ♪ You I'm going to go back to the next slide.
