♪♪♪ This is the church, this is the steeple.

What did you expect?

Actual people?

Stop crying.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hey, thank you to Erbicide Detective for that catchphrase admission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Ocherman.

And guess what?

Backyard era revisited Redux.

We are in the backyard once again.

I know the backyard era came to a close, but we just had to get one more taste.

We just had it ain't no fun.

Open it back up.

You can't have none.

Whoa, Snoop D-O double.

And there's a particular reason for this, because once in a generation, a comedy group comes along that redefines what it means to do sketch and improvise comedy.

Wow, nope.

And they have not performed in Nia Pawn eight years or so at this point, and they have gotten back together.

This is the reformation of the legendary, what were you guys, a sketch group?

You nailed on the first of sketch and improv.

Sketch and improv, I never saw you.

Yeah, we had to tell you what our name was.

You literally asked us what our name was.

Legend, the tales of these ones in a generation.

Once in a generation, which, what years were you active?

2000, probably four to 2012.

And by the way, I think it's once in a generations.

That's funny.

Yeah, you are all very nice.

Guys, we got a welcome back to the limelight.

Back into the public eye and the public sphere.

They are back.

It's hot sauce.

Please welcome the members, the original members of hot sauce, as a matter of fact.

Ben Schwartz, Adam Palley, Gilles-ary, guys.

Welcome back.

Hi, Scotty.

Thank you for having us.

Welcome home.

Yeah.

Generation.

Oh yeah, what?

Generational talents.

You'll mostly only talk some whistles now, like in the old 1950s, my.

I apologize for that.

That's what he does now.

It is.

The slide whistle comedian.

It is nice to be part, to be back on stage with the original configuration.

Cause there was a couple years where they replaced me with just a pair of Ray bands.

That's true.

And it was, there was no joke.

Those were some of our best hair.

We did not even a bit.

There was a show where Gill and I got a potato on stage.

Wasn't a potato?

It was.

A potato.

And we improvised pretending Gill was the potato.

And it was one of our better shows.

Adam, you bet I was the potato.

You were the potato.

You could make it.

And then we just said we need something equivalent or better.

So we got a potato.

These are the kind of stories I love hearing about the generation, Scott.

Is there going to be an oral history?

What exactly?

I mean, like the three.

How much can we talk about sex?

A lot of our sketching.

First face, baby.

A lot of our sketching improv was born out of white hot passion.

Yes.

Wow.

Ryan Murphy is actually doing a remake of our hot saw show.

And Andrew Garfield's going to play all three of us.

Right.

Yeah.

Before we did anything together, we fucked.

Before we did any sketch together.

That's how we knew we were going to be funny.

Andrew Garfield played you in Tick Tick Boom.

Is that right?

He played me.

He played my hair in Tick Tick Boom.

It went great.

Lynn Lindber.

You played him in Spider-Man.

And I played him in Spider-Man.

And I have recently been portrayed by the real Garfield.

Oh, OK.

That's cool.

So I'll bet.

He hates Mondays.

And how did he?

This was a bone of contention with the fun of recent show.

This is going to be cool.

Did he hate John Arbuckle or what did he?

He dealt with John Arbuckle.

He dealt with him?

Because that's how else was he going to get lasagna?

Well, he has no opposable thumbs.

Right.

So he needs John.

It's like the Batman and the Joker.

Yes.

Two sides of the circle.

He's a mastermind.

He could get other humans to get him lasagna.

Don't stay here with the real.

He went for psychological tricks on John in order to get.

Truthfully Garfield's real thing was that he was psychologically smarter than ever.

Wait, don't you do an impression of Garf Youngkel, which is our Garfield, our Garf Uncle as can you hear it real quick?

Yes, sure.

This is Art Garf Uncle played by Garfield.

Has nothing to do with John Arbuckle?

No.

Garf Uncle in Arbuckle?

Just go.

Hello, Odie, my old friends.

It's great.

You understand?

This is the kind of stuff that I think.

Once in a generation.

Yeah, I mean, obviously we're talking about Garfield for some reason.

Let's get back on hot sauce.

I hear lasagna cooking, sweetly.

So you guys have not been in the same room together?

Is that right or just?

That can't be true.

Just haven't performed again.

Well, Gillie and I live in LA, so I see Gill all the time.

But Adam lives in a different city for many years.

We see each other.

We talk, but it's just.

We definitely tech.

Today was the, today, this morning we had breakfast together.

Where did you guys eat bread?

This is what the fans want to know.

Where?

In a castle.

Wow.

Adam rented a castle whenever he comes to LA.

He lives in a castle.

Amazing.

Yeah, I stay.

Oh, I stay in a castle.

I air B and see it.

ABC.

Easy as one, two, three.

What do you mean?

No, but it was like, not to be too sentimental.

Or, but it was really nice to sit with these boys and eat.

And I was saying at the end, like I, I, I, it's such a shortcoming.

I wish I liked these people.

It's such a shortcoming that we don't do it more.

And it's, it's like, that's how life goes, you know?

But yeah.

Is I miss, I miss being in the same space with them.

Wow.

It was, we were very creative and very like, the three of us together would spend every day together.

Every hour.

And we're making no money.

And nobody would see us perform.

And this was the group where it went from nobody seeing us perform to at least anybody.

Having sex on stage.

I mean, obviously you guys have eclipsed, you know, in your own careers, your singular careers.

You've eclipsed what you did together as a group exponentially.

Wow.

Jesus Christ.

By to the, to the 10th, 20th.

I mean, we've done a lot of fun shows.

We did the Montreal Comedy Festival.

But you're right.

There's no value in it.

Yeah.

There's no monetary value.

The real value came when we, when we decided to.

When you split up?

Yeah.

No, no, I, to me, the value of, of our friendship was that we spent all that time together without any like spoils.

Like we, we, we would just.

And we called it spoils.

We called it.

Oh yeah.

All of the, we're going to give them spoils.

And we call it spoils.

Nothing good ever happened to us.

You know, like it was just like.

Do you ever get any kind of development deal?

Any kind of like you say well.

No, we met with Jim Maynean once.

Oh yeah.

That's right.

We pitched a lot of people.

I remember Adam said you could tell how good a company is by what type of water bottle they give us.

Do you remember that?

Yeah.

Oh, and also there was a thing we used to do where we knew that everybody's going to pass on our ideas because we were nobody knew who we were.

And we would be pitching a sketch show and they're like, but what makes your sketch show singular?

And we're like, oh, I mean, like it will try to be funny.

But we would try to plant things in the pitch meetings, give each other insane things to say.

And Gil had the best.

It was your pitch, right?

The Gil said you have to say.

It's like Frazier for baby.

It's like Frazier for babies.

And we did it.

I believe I got that.

Every executive would just nod their head.

Nobody would care.

But like it was that was truly also now looking back on it, how screwed up our values were that like we would.

We would try to.

We would say 24 hours a day together trying to come up with the funniest bits and and sketches.

And then it would pay off by someone seeing a show and being like, I'd like to meet with you.

And then before the meeting, we'd say, like, you know, the funniest way to deal with this is sabotage it by daring each other to do the dumber thing in the meeting is like, whoa, where we swear.

Very.

And then we also know they're going to say no, nobody's a meeting in high five.

Each other was at AOL.com.

No, great company.

Great company.

Is that true?

Still around and still a serious.

Ever CBB has ever been that I've been on the what?

This is the most serious, the most.

What it's.

Sorry.

Serious.

Sex.

They bought us, baby.

I just wanted to hear it.

I was wondering why.

I have two pools.

You to say that.

I know.

Yeah, I know.

I'm an upside down one right about it.

You have a bunk bed pool.

You have a pool on top of Gary Della Bate going to be your new producer.

Yeah, I feel like when we went with the show, you'll do the after show.

You guys have to stick around for the after show.

It's the same thing.

The exact same thing.

So you guys do you went to Montreal once.

Anything else ever happened to you?

The year they allowed sketch, it was us and it was.

The phones and it was Bob and David.

All directed.

Do you remember when Bob directed us and he brought us up to his hotel room and ate a Caesar salad in front of.

I remember that.

Really?

I remember that.

I think every time I see him in the world, we were so amped.

We were like, we're Bob is going to direct us.

And Bob goes, why don't you guys come up to my room?

I'll give you notes.

And we came up and he ate a salad in front of me.

Really?

The best part about it was the pieces of it was like one of those Caesar's where like it's wet, long, long pieces.

Was it a lot?

He kept the fire and let it.

He was like, I remember the green of it.

Like the thick green.

A lot of dressing or.

Yeah, it's not to be dressed.

Do you think that contributing to that?

Do that contribute to the heart attack eventually, do you think?

Oh, wow.

He blames us for sure.

Really?

I read the book.

He said he draws a line from that meeting.

And exactly.

Comedy comedy comedy.

Comedy comedy.

Heart attack drama.

On the way to.

It's just salad.

I went to Montreal.

We all took a big van with all of us.

Oh, it's cool.

And from where?

From New York to Montreal.

I tell this story when people.

With Bobby.

All the time.

And when people are in the van.

We're in the van.

Charlie Sanders.

Union Courteneiro.

In the back of the.

Yes.

Every time.

Every time anyone's like, what's the funniest?

Talking about Mike.

Every time I'm sorry.

Anyone, someone's like, what's the funniest?

Gill story.

This to me is like.

Their whole person.

Gill is the funniest.

By the way, and I think Adam and I were both a regill, the funniest person in the world.

I've ever met him.

But they truly without a doubt, the funniest person.

The funniest person in matter.

All right.

Just tell them.

Even more.

They're just telling them like it is.

Even more than like, you know, like the famous comedians of our generation.

The funniest.

But Adam and I both agree.

We were in a group with him and we were.

I'm fully aware.

Yeah.

He was the funniest person in the group and the funniest.

But we were doing, we were going up there and.

Gill is a very anxious person.

We're all very anxious.

But Gill is very anxious as well.

He was that day.

He was.

He came and he goes, guys, I don't have my passport.

But I researched and I found out if I brought my birth certificate and my driver's license, they'll let us in through the border.

And we didn't double check.

We said, okay, no problem.

And then we packed the car without realizing that in the back of our car were fake guns for our sketches, fake drugs for our sketches.

Because we had a sketch that, by the way, it's so funny.

We had all these sketches that went well enough that got us in there.

And then we're like, let's write another sketch where we rob the audience.

And so, you never tried.

I loved that sketch.

We did it once or twice at UCB and we got to start with a bang.

And so we have fake guns, fake drugs and one other thing in the back.

And we're driving up there and we're all sweaty.

And Gill is really nervous because this is a huge deal for us.

The biggest thing that's ever happened.

If they don't let you in, I mean, yeah.

That's it.

We can't perform.

Yeah.

And that's our funniest thing.

Legendary hot sauce.

We get.

Bobby Moynihan in the van.

We get Bobby Moynihan in the van.

Wait, I want to hear.

I want to hear you finish it off.

Well, my recollection of it is that is that what went down is like we start to get towards the border.

We get close.

Gill starts getting very nervous.

Everyone's very nervous, very nervous.

And we go like, okay, everyone get your passports out.

And Gill goes, can you get mine?

It's in my backpack.

And I go, okay.

And I reached into the back and I grabbed the backpack and I pass it up to Ben.

And Ben opens it up.

And the only thing in the backpack is like 30 avocados.

Right.

That's right.

I said, Ben, you brought 30 avocados.

I forgot that.

That's so funny.

You didn't tell us for eight hours.

You said.

And you're not supposed to bring those.

No, you can't bring photos.

You can't bring photos.

As if any of us.

So we have to, then we panic with the dump avocados out the window.

And then we have to deal with the fact that the schmuck doesn't have a driver's life.

I remember pulling up and then Gill is sweating, like sweating bullets.

And then roll down the window and I believe I was the person that talked to the guy and he goes, hey, can we get your passports?

I go, yeah, just so you know, one of the guys doesn't have his passport.

But he has his birth certificate.

Also there's fake drugs and guns in the back.

And he goes, everybody had a look at that.

It happens so quickly.

And they interviewed us one by one.

Separated you.

Separated us.

And we were doing anything wrong, but we were so nervous to get interviewed.

So they interviewed every single person in the car one by one.

And finally we checked out.

I think we probably had to throw out some of the stuff.

Definitely the avocados.

And then we went and then they let us through.

But they let you through.

Wow.

It was just like they couldn't believe that we had the audacity to bring every, like the list they give you, like you can't bring these right.

We brought every item off everyone.

I did a sketch show up in Vancouver one.

We don't have time.

I had the commercial.

Oh, okay.

No, but I had the foresight to make the festival producer buy the fake guns for it.

Oh, that's clever.

But then when I got there, they were these old-timey Western six shooters.

I was like, these are okay, whatever.

You are Bob hated.

Bob was like, Bob was like, don't do the sketch with the guns.

Show we did.

Like you understand what we went through.

He's like, I wish he had more avocados.

America.

American avocados.

That was a huge.

Don't do it at it, Bob.

Yeah, we did it with hands.

It was probably bad.

We did have a, those sketch shows were so excited.

I oftentimes when people talk about like, the very beginning is always the most exciting part, I think, because it was like our learning, our voices, but also like getting our first big laughs or the first time ever more than five people showed up and the three of us got to experience that together.

And we were as close as you could be.

So to experience that with the closest people was it's, it was some of my favorite moments of my career by far, by far.

Yeah, I don't think I've ever laughed that hard than that ride with the six of us with what's, what's better?

The friendship between the three of you or Sonic two making.

Sonic two is a big deal.

You have to ask Ben and I differently.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

And right now, Sonic two is at 350 worldwide.

350 worldwide, sure.

But no one really counts the world.

No, I guess US is actually, is actually they don't.

I found that out the hard way that they don't.

I'm not saying your bonuses are not based on world.

I'm not in Sonic two.

And for me, it's much better than our.

A friendship.

Well, you're a fan.

You're a fan.

You love, you love tales.

As the blue swirl.

Is that what they call him?

I think he's a blue blur, right?

My son called to tell me, my son said, tell me a pretty heartbreaking story about it though that over last summer, he went to sleep, boy camp and it rained one day.

And they, they showed a movie and they showed the first Sonic.

Oh, wow.

And he was like psyched because he was like, all right, here we go.

I'm going to get back to my dad.

Oh, he thought you were in the first one.

I am in the first one.

How dare you?

Who were you?

Same guy.

I remember when you got cast.

I was so excited.

So they're like, I was like, right?

Joey, but a few color.

Yeah, you played you.

But for the first one, you're about a fuck.

You got your theme to sked up?

My son.

That's.

I think you're going to go and bob it.

You're going to bob it.

I'm bobbing it.

Sonic Bob it.

Yeah.

It makes sense.

The blue swirls, of course.

The blue swirl, the big blue dick lying in by the side of the road.

So he's all psyched and then they play it and in the movie, I'm like a dummy.

He's very funny in the movie by the way.

Both of the characters are like a dummy and Jim Carrey refers to me as, which is a bigger laugh in the movie.

He's like, thank you very much, officer fart face and gets a big laugh.

And so then I asked like, was it cool when they played Sonic?

And he was like, no.

It was not cool.

I was like, why?

He's like, for two weeks, they called me fart face junior.

Is that true?

Oh.

And I was like, oh, so it wasn't good?

He's like, no, no one ever asked to like, oh, what was it like doing that?

No, like pure fart face.

Sure.

It was like, he, and I guess is like, I thought they'd be like, whoa, well, your dad's famous.

And we were like, no, fart face.

Famous for being a fart face.

Wow.

And you never think about that.

Yeah, you never think about how that like, but he's good.

He's like, I'm not going to say that.

I'm not going to say that.

He's like, I'm not going to say that.

I think that from boring.

Yeah.

From what I hear is one of those boring jobs you can have.

No, I don't think that I would be.

I don't think that I'm not the right temperament for it.

I think you have to be like very...

You want to hurt the audience.

That's what makes it...

That's what made it so good because if Ben were to do it, he would just like be a suck-up and like a bsekwius and just be like, I love your project and like...

Well, Conan and Letterman certainly were able to do it, but I feel like I don't know.

I feel like I would be too sardonic for the audience.

Because the audience is also...

It's like the Charles Groden show back in the day.

Yeah, but the audience has a truck.

Who cares what the audience thinks?

Oh, wow.

Jesus Christ.

By the way, please keep listening to this episode.

Oh my God.

I know what you've seen.

Jesus Christ.

We need the amount of insults that have been hurled in our direction in the last two minutes.

I mean, you're dodging them.

I'm dodging them.

Look, guys, we can't sit here talking about your late late show.

I can't believe the guests you have on today.

This is incredible.

We got to get to him.

We do got to get to him.

We have to get to him.

It's mandatory to get to him.

You all know that he's Gabriel Sardinis' grandson.

Do you know who Gabriel Sardinis is?

I don't know.

I haven't been informed of that.

Have you heard this name before?

No, I just know he has a long lineage.

Yeah.

I mean, he certainly has a father who was the son of Gabriel Sardinis.

Yes.

We know that much for sure.

But we know that he's Gabriel Sardinis' grandson.

Please welcome Gabriel Sardinis' grandson.

Hello.

Hey, what's going on?

Hi.

Thank you so much for having me to talk about my grandfather.

Oh, is that what you're going to do?

Talk about your grandfather?

Well, I mean, you know.

We were wondering who he was.

Oh, this is great.

This will be very instructional too.

A very famous guy.

Should we Google him?

I'll Google him.

Yeah, you could Google him, though.

Well, what was he say?

I can't reach Google.

He was a scientist, a physicist, he, uh, Nobel Prize winner.

No, oh, that's the biggest prize you can get.

I mean, it's not an egot, but...

No, uh, poet laureate.

Poet Laureate.

Yeah, I was a child educator.

I can't find him online.

He was an educator as a child or he educated children.

No, he taught...

Both.

He taught...

Yeah, he taught children and he...

When he was a kid, he was a teacher.

That's correct.

And how old are you, sir?

He was a kid.

Um, I'm 19.

19?

Well, you sound a lot younger.

You sound a lot younger.

I do.

I sound a lot younger.

Yeah, you do.

I'm 19.

Well, you have this almost like children's arrival.

You have a child like innocence to you.

Were you close with your grandpa?

You know, I was his caretaker for a bit, but he never got...

Better.

He never got personal with me, you know?

Oh, meaning...

He always kept himself at a distance from the world.

Families are different.

And, you know, he just recently died.

Oh, I'm sorry, buddy.

You'll see when he passed away.

We know nothing about Gabriel Sardina's, by the way.

He's...

Well, is it a new...

It was all over the news.

I just Google it, couldn't see it.

That's weird.

But he's...

He was 93.

I think he was 93, and you're...

You're 19.

I mean, that's a 73-year-old difference, which means that your father had you very late life.

No, it means that he was fathering late in his life.

Okay, so how old is your father?

My father is 42.

42?

That's correct.

Oh, that's a...

I'm more...

He was fifth.

That's not what I was talking about.

You can have babies.

Scott, that's not what I was talking about.

Well, you've had him come on.

He's actually...

I don't come on.

What I was talking about was more that you said that you were...

I was sorry about it.

I know, but what I was saying is not that.

Sorry.

We'll say what you're going to say.

I am going to say it.

It's just what...

It's just not what you're saying.

You're not what you're saying.

You're not what you were saying.

Okay, just got it.

What I was going to say was that...

Well, it's not shocking for you not to have a close relationship with a man who's in his...

His 90?

Well, he was...

He was also...

He was a 93 to be late 90s.

Anytime you're in your 90s.

He was a brilliant guy, you know, and he was always surrounded by, you know...

Yes, ma'am.

Well, like famous people, honestly.

Oh, wow.

Like who?

Who are we talking about?

Good friends with Bill Clinton.

He's so much younger than...

Yeah, but still he was good friends with a lot of states and a lot of politicians.

A real made December friendship.

Henry Kissinger.

Oh, wow.

He was friends with Henry Kissinger.

Yeah.

And Bill Clinton.

He reached across the aisle.

Yeah, and just, you know...

A lot of politicians.

Yeah.

A lot of singers.

Oh, like who?

Deon Warwick.

Yes, Lee.

Yeah.

Barbara Streisand.

Yeah.

Every Thanksgiving we'd had famous people at our house.

You had Barbara Streisand at your Thanksgiving?

That's correct.

Wow.

What did she...

When everyone goes around the table and says, what did she thankful for?

What did she thankful for?

What did she say?

She said she was thankful for...

Yental.

For just being friends with my grandfather.

She's a smart guy.

And the thing is, I'm so sorry.

She's so grateful.

Deflecting all the attention off of her stuff.

She could've said, like, I'm thankful for all of my Grammys and my Oscar, like, that's what I would've said if I was a she has a new guy.

Well, I mean, when you're around my grandfather, he just, all the light just goes to him because he's such a brilliant guy and everyone's looking to him for advice.

Were you ever jealous or anything?

He's nice.

Well, a little bit.

Oh.

But I did, when he died, he passed on some of his belongings.

And I was looking through his belongings.

Oh, beautiful.

This is a treasure trove, I can imagine.

I mean, spoiled.

This man's...

Exactly.

His papers, his rumination.

Well, I found his phone.

Oh.

What do you mean, phone?

Like an old timey, like, Alexander Graham Bell Watson.

I was like, wait, where is the...

I need you.

Oh, boy.

If you could believe it, it was an iPhone.

Oh, boy.

Oh, okay.

Was it the first one?

No.

It was a recent generation.

Did you have a new one?

I think it was a...

This is important.

I don't think it was an iPhone.

It was an iPhone.

Was it a pro?

It was an iPhone.

I just know that he had a lunch.

This is a new...

Is it got you or is it that?

It looked like that.

So, here...

Well, this isn't right here.

Oh, that's it.

This is a pro.

Then look at that, and it has, like, a case of high case.

Oh, my God.

Yeah.

I didn't even know he had this phone.

He kept so many secrets.

Yeah.

He kept so many secrets.

And he kept so many secrets, and he was such a brilliant man.

The thing is, I'm looking through his phone.

Okay.

You're sweating a bit.

I'm a little...

Yeah, what's going on?

There's a ton of voice memos.

Oh, from famous people?

No.

From him.

What do you mean?

He recorded a bunch of voice memos.

Okay.

Maybe that's...

That's why he bought the phone, maybe.

That's smart.

You know, instead of a tape...

They don't sell tape or cars anymore.

It's a...

I can't even find a radio.

I don't know if this is going to ruin what you plan to do, but I don't want to hear them.

I rather not hear them.

Yeah, I don't want to hear anything.

It's secret.

It's for your grandpa.

I got the same thing, but I feel like this would give us an insight into that case.

Oh, in that case, yes.

I do.

I'm really sure it's really...

I don't know.

You don't want to hear that we don't have.

I don't want to hear that.

I don't want to hear it.

It's an intrusion.

I mean, first of all, let me say that I'm...

Did he give you permission?

I swore that I would play these.

I worry the phone is haunted with his toes.

Two seconds to go.

He said he's the ceiling.

I have a grandson as well, actually.

You're an teen.

I know.

When did you forget?

I know.

When did you fall?

Just born.

I fathered when I was 12.

And then there was a second-year-old.

There was a gun to my grandson's head right now.

I don't play these...

I don't play these voice memos.

He will die.

I don't know you.

Who's holding the gun?

My son.

Your son is holding the gun to your girlfriend.

He wanted to hear what his great grandfather had to say.

Well, so why don't you let him listen somewhere else?

This is a lovely place.

Come on, this show.

I just want to say that...

Okay, with a very late-term abortion.

Pally is fine.

No, fine.

I am fine.

I am...

You don't want to hear them.

That's fine.

Is it fine?

No, it's not fine.

It would be very sad for me because I feel like...

If you cry real terrible, let's say...

Everybody would want to hear how...

He's just...

Have you heard them?

This is a gift to me too.

But what happens if they're negative?

You don't want the world to hear them.

They're probably...

They're probably just going to be regular...

They're probably just never boys.

Would it bum you out if we didn't hear them because of like...

All the time and effort it took to find them?

Yeah, and also to set up this jam box.

Yeah.

You know what?

It didn't take any time at all.

It's no sweat off my back.

Sure, my grandson will...

You know, his brains will be all...

But it has nothing to do with...

Did your son lay down plastic or less or so?

I have no idea.

There's a lot of clean up.

Did he think about this?

I don't know.

What was it a one?

Okay, I just want to say it.

If this was a surprise for you, tell us what it feels like to hear these.

I'm very excited.

He wants to hear it.

Because my grandfather was so...

Mr. Sardinas was so brilliant.

Yeah.

And I could play any one of these.

This one...

But you haven't heard any of them.

I haven't heard any of them.

Did he lay them?

And you're playing them at random?

I'm playing them at random.

This one is called January 11th, 2007.

January 11th, 2007.

And was it recorded on January 11th, 2007 or...

No idea.

I have no idea.

He hasn't played it.

Interesting.

All right, and here we go.

Are you guys ready?

Yeah, it feels like...

Here we go.

January 11th, 2007.

I found another little bone in my duty today.

Don't ask me how.

Don't ask me why.

This scares the shit out of me too.

Gold Dr. Seveo.

Ask him how this could have happened.

How I could have found another little bone in my B.M.

What?

Oh god.

Okay.

Jesus.

I'm not sure what that was.

Jesus Christ.

Weird title to put on.

I would have called it Bone and Duty or something.

Just not January 7th, 2007.

Not sure.

Well, I don't know if you should play it.

Before I play it.

I don't think you should play it anymore.

Before I play I just want to tell you a story about my character.

I don't want to hear this story.

He is what a brilliant guy.

I'll tell you a story instead of another one of these.

One time he was just on vacation and what is now what was old Mesopotamia.

This is the guy where the bone in it is.

Yes.

What do they call it now?

No, they call it the rock.

The rock now.

Why don't you just say he went to Iraq for vacation?

Because it's important to this story.

Do you think they ever say welcome to Iraq?

To old Mesopotamia.

Well, that's the thing.

You said you mentioned Jurassic Park.

He was passing by Dix site.

Well, I wasn't.

Welcome to Iraq.

It's from the rock.

Well, Jareth, he was passing by the Dix site.

An archaeological Dix site and he said, hey, look down there.

Look at those bones.

Oh, he ate the little bones.

Oh, this story is an explanation.

The T-Rex with the feathers on it.

He's the one who did that.

Oh, he's the guy who pointed at the right side.

He's a brilliant guy.

This one is called Fish Under the Couch.

You know, but it's so interesting.

I'm not sure what this is.

He actually was titling that previous one.

I guess this one's called Fish Under the Couch.

Wait a minute, before you do it, are you sure you want to?

The first one was kind of negative and weird.

I think there's going to be a gem in here.

All right.

He's a brilliant guy.

He refers to number two in such a gem.

Do I always am.

B.M.

It's a very brilliant man.

Get out from under there.

Fucking fish under the couch.

Get out!

I can't fucking lift this goddamn...

This goddamn couch.

Fucking...

Can't fucking hit it with a broom.

I can't fucking do any.

Fucking sticks in here.

Fucking reeks my fucking truck.

Goddamn it.

Get out!

You fucking fish.

Get out from under my couch.

Oh my god.

Why did he record that?

Why would he be in tension?

Why would you not remember that moment?

I have no idea.

But not only did he record it, he then titled it, What He Wanted to Remember It As.

I guess maybe because it is so odd.

It's like if you had a fish under your couch, you would have to be in tension.

If you had a fish under your couch, you would be like, I gotta remember that time.

I'm not sure what happened.

We just want to like re- what mental state I was in.

Wow.

That's unbelievable.

He was such a brilliant guy.

Why do you think that fish was under there?

I don't know.

But that happened before he won the Nobel Prize.

What did he win the Nobel Prize for?

For big science.

He was involved in big science.

He wouldn't.

Yeah, I didn't really know this.

He must have won that Nobel Prize pretty late.

I think he did.

He did.

If his voice memos are after.

Yeah, I mean, that makes no sense.

But this one's called...

What is this one called?

But this one's called...

Yeah, what's going on?

You're playing another one?

I really don't want to hear anymore.

I don't think we should.

How many are there?

There's hundreds.

All right, I'll hear a hundred.

All right, well this one is called...

I'm not sure what this is, but this one's called Sounds of Me Eating Grape Tomato.

Why do you say you don't know what it is?

You know what it is.

I think we should...

This one I know I don't want to hear.

Well, maybe the title is...

Yeah, maybe it's a red herring or something.

Yeah, you are from history of the other ones.

They seem to be exactly all of us.

Let's see here.

History of eating grape tomatoes?

No, the Sounds of you.

Sounds of...

Yeah.

It's that.

Wait, wait.

What do you mean, wait, you haven't heard this?

Yeah, why are you saying wait if you don't know what's going to happen?

Mmm.

Yeah, they go pop.

Here they go pop.

Oh, pop.

What's in there?

Pop.

What's in there?

Pop.

What's in there?

Who's he talking to himself?

Mmm.

Who's he talking to?

Who's he talking to himself?

Who's he talking to the pop?

Um.

But predating it.

That's incredible.

That's crazy.

Wow.

What are the dates?

What are the dates on these?

This one is 6-0-1 in the morning July 4th.

What did you like to hear?

What year?

It depended on...

What year?

2014.

Oh, it's called...

You know it's post whenever that iPhone...

So he's in his age of this one?

Do you want to hear best meal I've ever eaten?

Big reminder or description of my broken penis?

Big reminder.

Big reminder and then end with the program.

By the way, he's porting these over from previous iPhone models.

I got to do the cloud.

Yeah.

I mean, by the way, I want to tell you a little story.

Did he invent the cloud?

He helped Al Gore and Vague's internet, actually.

Oh, really?

And he once saved an old woman who had fallen in the street and he got the...

The Broken Deck one.

Play the Broken Deck one.

Play the Broken Deck.

The one word is the twain commercial.

This is also a twain commercial.

What did you say?

He got the Mark Twain comedic excellence award for helping an old lady in the library.

Did he do it in a real funny way?

I'm not sure.

This one's called Best Meal I've Ever Eaten.

Best meal I've ever eaten.

The best meal.

The best meal hands down is eggs, onions, with just a little bit of chocolate.

Hands down.

Best meal.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

I don't know.

I mean, this one's called Big Reminder.

So remember to steal your daughter-in-laws underwear and love them up your fucking ass.

Jesus Christ.

You know what?

I didn't know what that slipped.

I didn't know my grandfather and I obviously had some...

Dementia.

I mean, can you imagine forgetting that was a thought.

Seeing the reminder, clicking it.

And then sharing it to do that.

Oh, shit, I almost left without doing that.

Well, it seems like you can't get any worse than that.

Oh, yeah.

This is description of...

What about this broken penis?

This is a description of my broken penis for Dr. Seville.

That's a doctor.

I have a very bulbous tip.

It's almost like a fat pillow.

I'm always erect, nonstop 24-7.

But my penis is pointed right down to the ground, like an arrow.

It's purple, very purple.

It's violet at the tip, I should say.

And the base is more of a gleaming red.

My penis is pulsating.

Different times, it's pulsating at different rates.

There's...

Probably related to his heart.

Obviously, the back of my penis is very white.

And it's going...

What?

It's going down my shaft.

But here's the thing.

It looks like there's three or four little bugs that can be seen inside it and are used in the vein.

A sweet sort of elevator.

I'm not sure.

That's Dr. Seville about the bug.

How is the doctor for...

The doctor is like a wide breath.

He does everything.

He's more than just an Ian.

He seems like a family doctor.

He seems like a decibile.

Now, here's one that I don't even know what it means.

I don't know what it means.

This just says FAR.

FAR.

F-F-A-R.

Okay.

Here we go.

It's a long one.

Oh my God.

Good.

Short title.

You're right.

This is FAR.

That's FAR.

It's FAR.

He misspelled the bug.

Genius.

Maybe he's autocorrected.

Genius scientists spelled FAR wrong.

And had to remind himself that he farted along with him.

How much longer is on this one?

35 more seconds.

It's amazing that he had the foresight at the time.

To actually pick up his phone and root.

This one's going to be enormous.

Oh man.

Oh, still going.

How many more seconds we got?

25.

25 more?

I'll stop it there.

Oh my gosh.

What do you think about your grandfather?

You've heard all these things.

Yeah.

Does he feel like a genius?

He still feels like a genius.

Are you sure he wanted to steal his granddaughters underwear and stick it up his own ass?

By the way, I've got to say none of us have ever heard of this guy.

Are you sure that he did all these things?

He was really just something weird.

No.

I was at the Kennedy Center Honors for him.

You got a Mark Twain Ward and a Kennedy Center Honors?

He did.

Obama gave it to him.

And you saw it was Obama?

Yes.

And where was his hat?

This was in New York.

That's right.

Okay.

At the part of New York.

Do you know where the M&M store is?

Yeah.

It's kind of square.

Yeah, not near there.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

This is called Funny Jewish Blessing.

My grandfather was Jewish.

Are you sure you want to keep doing this?

Not it, do you?

I didn't want to start.

Funny Jewish.

Oh, hey, do you know?

Milly, halleluh.

I'm so sorry.

I'm so sorry you have to hear this about your grandfather.

He's not the genius you thought he was.

He's like a big dummy.

He's a very purel sense of humor.

I mean, he does sound like that.

I don't know.

I think all of these voicemails have the same value.

Oh, that's interesting.

Which value is that?

Nothing.

No, that's absolutely not true.

This is trivial.

It feels like it has none.

Just to know about my grandfather's...

Look, he's a brilliant guy.

And looking into his light...

You don't think he could be pranking you?

No.

From beyond the grave?

Like, no, like he left the phone for you.

This is what says usual Starbucks order.

No, I'm not kidding.

Do me a favor, honey.

Let me get one hot latte, but put a ton of ice in it and do me a favor.

Just do me a goddamn favor and stir it.

Stir it with your fucking finger, please.

Stir that goddamn latte with your finger.

We do that and don't wash it.

You don't think that he's...

He's messing with you from the grave?

This feels like something he just recorded like earlier this morning.

Earlier this morning?

He has some folder called Great Songs I Made Up.

Would you like to hear that?

I would love to hear one of those.

This is called Diggy Dumb Drop.

What does it go like now?

Diggy Dumb Drop.

I'm not sure what that is.

Diggy Dumb Drop.

But my grandfather, by the way, I have to tell you this story about that.

Oh, great story.

He once saved a cat that was throwing up.

Wow.

They tell you to do that in screenshots.

They've been choking on a big stick and this one's loading right now, so let's wait.

Did he get an award for that?

It seems like he keeps getting these honors.

Yeah.

I think that's why he's at the Kennedy Association.

The Cutlass is gorgeous squirrel is.

I think the fucking...

The second you look at it.

Ben, I love how you've become a bit of like a doctor do little.

Yeah.

I can talk like this.

Oh, yeah.

What animal do you want me to bring?

I can summon any animal you wish.

Honestly, I'd like to talk to like a bird.

Okay.

Here's a bird right here.

Here, here, here.

Hey, big tongue bird.

A big tonguey bird.

Hey, okay.

All right.

Good.

He's got a drop.

Yeah.

Do, do, do, do, drop.

Oh, do, do, do, do, drop.

Yeah.

Do, do, do, do, drop.

I think we're done with your grandpa.

I think that's it.

I think that's a wrap.

Can I hear that?

I want to hear that one again.

This one's called...

This one's called made peepee.

Okay.

I want to hear these cleans so we can put them in remixes.

What?

That's it?

Oh, no.

Did that cut short?

Here we go.

It'd be real.

Be, be, be like a good boy shoot.

You're melting the lyrics so often.

You've never heard this before.

You're melting and you're not proud of it.

You're not proud of it.

You wasn't too smile.

I'm so blind.

It wasn't too thick.

It didn't splash anywhere.

I'm all about in that porcelain.

It was a beautiful peepee.

My grandfather was a genius.

I love it.

Gabriel Sardinas' mouth and he was just silently saying peepee.

Can I ask you a question about the lyrics and that's fine?

His name is in Gabe, though, by the way.

What is your name?

You haven't said your name yet.

It's Irving.

Oh, I assume that he was a junior.

Like from Saturn.

No, just a grand singer.

Irving Sardinas.

Oh, right.

It's a grand singer.

And this is actually, I've heard of this song.

This one's called Spark-Aloney.

Spark-Aloney.

I really do have a question about that.

Spark-Aloney is needed you.

Spark-Aloney is wanted you.

Spark-Aloney is asked for you.

Spark-Aloney is demanded you.

Spark-Aloney is begged for you.

Spark-Aloney is screamed for you.

I think we got it.

Spark-Aloney is once you live like me.

You're mouthing the words.

Not true.

I don't know.

Spark-Aloney is smart.

You just said one second.

This one is great.

Spark-Aloney is called for you.

That was Spark-Aloney is sent.

This is not that far off from an Andrew Lloyd Webber song.

I don't think the craft is there.

Going back to the peepee song.

That's smart Adam.

Let's go back to the peepee.

Why would, if you could get into the mind of your grandfather maybe while he was writing the song, why would he care if it was too thick?

No, no.

I mean it all goes to the same place.

It's all going thick.

Thick or thin.

I think he's trying probably to impress.

But it's impressive to have thick, I think.

Right, but he says in the song, not too thick.

Well, he was self sabotaging a lot of times.

I think that's why he left.

It's like a medical thing.

This description of a young neighbor with red hair.

Gorgeous red hair.

Just so beautiful.

Goes right from the head down to the tochus.

Oh, is that Jewish guy?

Do you think some of that gorgeous red hair curls up at the end when she's nude?

Girls right up into the toch.

Yeah.

It's a fucking creep.

Why are you?

I think it does, I think.

You think that red hair curls up?

Okay.

It goes to the toch.

It goes to the little asshole.

Oh, come on.

Jesus.

That's what I want to know.

All right.

Look, I like Spark alone.

I'll give him that.

Spark alone.

There's this whole letter called the mediocre songs I made up.

Oh, that's your one.

That's your one.

That was the creep of the crop.

What do you, I'll give you the choices you tell me which one.

And big.

Because we have to go to a break.

This is the last one.

Pick a pair of one.

I knew we should not have a boyfriend.

That is true.

Adam pleaded.

Pick your favorite thing that I know you haven't heard any of these, even though you're mouthing a lot with them.

They're all terrible.

There's also more descriptions of my broken penis.

Oh, no.

Oh, wait.

What's this one?

This one.

I fucking hate my grandson.

I hate him.

I hate his fucking face.

I hate the way he speaks.

I hate.

He smells like absolute fucking shit.

He's a turd.

He's a fucking turd.

He'll never be anything.

He'll never amount to anything.

He's a shit.

I wish he would just die.

I wish he would die.

I wish a fucking car would run over his head.

Wow, I'm sorry.

He went over and over again so I could see his brain sploge out of his fucking eye sockets.

And then you know what I do?

I'd fucking eat them like oysters.

Fuck him.

Fuck my grandson.

He sucks.

He's an awful, awful.

Okay.

Oh my God.

I'm so sorry.

This is horrible.

Maybe play one of the mediocre songs to watch that.

No, I mean there's one more after.

This is the very last thing he recorded before he passed away.

I gotta say, I don't care if this last one ties up any loose ends.

You don't want to hear it?

Yeah.

You don't want to hear it?

Yeah.

You don't want to hear it?

Yeah.

You don't want to hear it?

I just really thought it was going to wrap up the story line.

It's like, right.

I mean it's a full circle.

And I'm not talking to some small chicken bone in my duty.

I'm talking about a bone and socket joint.

Joints.

And you're finding your shoulder or your kneecap.

That's too big.

I'm going to stop finding these bones and my duty.

I'm going to stop.

Okay, I thought maybe there'd be one where he said no, I was just kidding about hating my grands.

All these tomatoes.

They fall away.

We have to go to a break.

That's all right.

But look, Irving, stick around.

I know this is a depressing time for you, but stick around.

Yeah, I know.

I'm fine.

We have an old friend coming on the show.

Oh, that's exciting.

It's too exciting.

We haven't seen him since Hot Sauce was around.

Wow.

At least.

Wow.

So this is exciting.

When we come back, we'll have more from Ben Schwartz over here, more from Gabriel San Deenis' grandson, Irving, and we'll have our good friend, bro.

We'll be here.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

♪ ♪ ♪ Comedy bang bang, we're back here with Ben Schwartz.

Oh, boy.

Of the after party, of course.

Yes.

This is all the after party.

If you haven't seen the after party, check that out on Apple TV+.

Apple TV Plus.

Apple what?

Apple TV Plus.

Chris Miller directed it and show around it that we have Sam Richardson, Ike Baron, Holt Jamie Dimitri, Dave Franco, Tiffany Haddis, John Early, Alana Glazer, Zoe Chow.

Come on.

Great.

Coming in.

It's a good show.

Check it out.

I enjoyed it.

And you could too.

We also have Irving over here.

Irving Sardina's.

In tears, by the way.

He's been composing himself a little bit, but you really broke down during the break.

Well, it really hurts when your grandfather thinks nothing of you, especially because he was such a great man.

I don't know if you were.

He doesn't seem like a great man to be.

Yeah.

Just tease.

I don't know.

He was just so...

Yeah, I don't want to get back into this.

Yeah, we've moved on past this.

Okay.

Because we have an old friend here.

We've seen neither hide nor air of him for almost a decade of this plot.

Wow, Jesus.

But he used to come around the studios all the time.

He is, of course, our weed dealer.

Please welcome back to the show, bro.

Hey, bro.

Hey, what's up?

What's up, bro?

A long time no see.

I know.

Where have you been, my man?

Well, my man.

I haven't had anything.

Well, I've been in the couch.

Oh, no.

What does that mean in the couch?

The weed market, the illegal weed market is kind of taking a turn for the worse as legalization is swept.

Yeah, it almost seems like there's no need for guys like you anymore.

There isn't.

I am what's the word, outdated reference.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

You've been making money then.

Well, I got a job naming strains.

I mean, you were always really good at that.

I mean, some of the strains that you had brought around the old studios back in the day, your first episode was with Andy Samberg, right?

Were you his dealer or mine?

I can't remember.

Well, I started out as yours and then got the kidney.

And then moved over.

Oh, wow.

Yeah, you're probably riding pretty for a bit.

Yeah.

But some of the names that you had for previous strains were so funny.

People love those.

Yeah.

So this is sort of, by the way, this is Irving.

I don't know if you know who you're moving.

Hey, a big fan of your grandfather.

You've heard of it.

I've heard of it.

Of course.

Yeah.

We're with the Kennedy Center officers.

No, I saw him accept his NAACP award.

Oh, wow.

He got out some terrible stuff today, so.

No.

Yeah.

Sorry.

What was it?

Sardini?

Sorry, his song.

What was it that when I like scatroosis?

No.

Why are you looking down at it?

You were melting it earlier.

I don't sparklonious.

Sparklonious.

Oh, man.

Yeah, we heard sparklonious and everything kind of took a turn for the worst.

Well, I'm sorry for your loss.

Yeah.

Maybe you could use some pot to cheer you up.

Well, that's kind of why I'm here.

I've hit a bit of a writer's block.

No, not bro.

What were some of your previous strains?

Do you remember any of those?

Oh, like my most popular selling stream was pineapple express to.

Right.

Was like sold through the roof.

Yeah.

Yeah, for the movie.

I mean, that's a candy business move, definitely.

I don't know whether that's the most creative name you ever came up with.

Yeah, but it was a huge deal.

Anyway, Meryl Streep's pussy was an enormous winner for me.

It doesn't smoke like.

Why would you call it that?

Because it has a lot of range.

Oh, that's good.

Yeah.

I mean, the range we're very heady.

He's heady.

I focused on heady highs mostly stuff that I'll put you in the couch.

Sure.

You didn't even catch yourself.

You said earlier.

For the last eight years.

Yeah.

I come to you now begging and pleading.

Okay.

What can we do for you, bro?

You're one of our old friends.

You got an audience.

You have all the fans listening.

Look, we've been around for 13 years.

I swear that you've been here for 12 of those years.

I got a job working for a new company called MedWoman.

Okay.

And it's a female.

It's a female run.

It's a female run weed dispensary brand.

Great.

And they- Is it different to have women be in charge?

I mean, for me.

All right, bro.

For me?

All right.

For the better, though.

Yeah.

Well, you know, I don't even talk to eight years, but since I moved to the Pacific Northwest.

Oh, is that why we haven't talked to you?

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I just need to be pretty close to where we are now.

You know, there's a lot of stuff that I've learned about the way this country works.

Okay.

Meaning three branches of government?

More like one branch of powerful Jews.

Oh, my God.

Anyway, anyway, I don't know.

Bro, you always were a very lighthearted guy.

Yeah, a guy would come in.

Yeah, I mean, have you gone down the rabbit hole of truth?

This is what they would say about my grandfather.

It seems like you have a song ready to go.

If you want to press play, just take your time.

It seems like you've been flipping through that phone.

This might be appropriate.

It's called whoa man.

Okay.

That's that's that's that's that's that's that's that's bigger up to the mic.

So I remember God and it's also got a little job.

It's got a load.

Okay.

Bro, keep going.

Is that a job on?

This is an all of you.

Oh, cool.

Wow.

Anyway, I have been tasked with something and I'm late to it and I'm under deadline.

I'm under deadline and I came here today knowing that you guys are so funny and so smart.

Whatever we can do to make a straight.

So if you could help me out, it's not too much.

Sure.

I need 150 different names.

Wow.

Jesus Christ.

Right now.

Spark alone is comes to mind.

First one.

I love that.

Let me put that in my phone.

Yeah.

Do you have any voice memos?

Yeah, I do.

Hold on.

Spark alone.

Are you ready?

Has it finally loaded?

Still going?

It's still going.

If you do that, you are going to be doing this.

You think you're going to do this.

Oh, here comes.

Well, man, you don't know how.

We've come.

You stopped yourself from melting over.

You don't know how far we've come.

Sit.

Whoa, man, you don't know how far we've come.

Said, whoa, man, you don't know how far we've come.

So you don't think they're going to like that?

I don't think they're going to like that.

So that's the only one right now.

That's not the real I am.

Or Gila, I am at least.

Gila, that's a good one.

That's not that.

Gila, I am.

What's the theme?

Is there a theme that we should be working on?

That's the thing.

It can really be whatever.

I can only explain to you the high of each strain.

Right.

The feeling you'll get.

Okay.

So we can give you names and you'll tell us what the high is.

Yes.

Okay.

Emily Blunt.

It's like a heady high.

The big blunt zed, yeah.

Yeah.

Okay.

More buddy.

You have one, Scott.

I'm going to be doing this strand.

Calling the pot kettle black.

What?

Calling the kettle.

Now what is that phrase?

The pot calling kettle black.

Is this all the title still?

Are you writing this to him?

The stammers and everything.

Oh, we're at the stammers.

That's a good.

The stammers.

That's definitely a heady high.

They all get me heady high.

No.

Okay.

And the swimming pool.

That's a heady high.

Right.

Of course.

But some will put you in the house.

Broken umbrella.

It's more of a heady high.

By the way, Ben is not just looking around the backyard.

I'm going to be studying this.
