---
layout: page
title: 760. Andy Richter, Jon Gabrus, Vic Michaelis, Casey Feigh [629cf2a72b929d0012bc70c8].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I'm half the man I used to be, which is twice the man my grandfather was, who was with third of his son if I used to be 28 am I greater than or less than my father?

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Okay. Thank you, Big Man Albatross for that catchphrase submission, Big Man Albatross, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

And my name is Scott Ockermann. We have a great show coming up. We have a teenager.

All right. Well, we have this guy and a teenager on the show today.

All right. Well, you know, I was hoping when we returned to the studio, we would like get some star power going and then, you know, certainly my first guest.

That teen is not with me, by the way. Okay, thank you. I did not show up here with a teen.

Okay, good. Well, we do have at least one famous guest who's, yes, no, he's leaving behind himself wondering if I'm referring to someone behind him, Bill.

I'm talking about him. He is, of course, he was a television mainstay on all of our flat screens for the last three decades. The ratings don't reflect it. No, in fact, they continually slid down and down. Did they not? Yes, they did. It was like a tire-losing air. Yes. He also was coming over and trying to compete with me with his podcast. Oh, yes. I'm a real Johnny come lately.

That's incredibly late. I shot right to the middle.

You think you're in the middle? Interesting. All right.

Well, we'll discuss that.

Listen, there's so many podcasts. I'm like, you know, like if you're like in the top 1000, you're like, wow, you probably are actually. His podcast is called Three Questions, which is ironic because today is the debut of one of our futures on the show called Four Questions, which is, yeah, I do more than you.

Not much of a fucking ripoff, is it? No, but please welcome back to the show, Andy Richter. Hi, everyone. Hello, everyone. Thank you. Good to see you too.

Let's get into my four questions. Yes. All right. What's your first name? Paul.

Interesting. This is why we do Four Questions because I always thought that he was Andy, but no, it's Paul. It's Paul Andrew. Well, that's my second question.

What's your middle name is Andrew? Oh, okay. But my mother called me Andy from the beginning. And when I asked her years later, you know, which it actually, when I, when bill collectors were still a problem and they may still be at some point. When they called for Paul, I was always, I was tipped off. I was like, you to hang up the phone. I was like, no, I would just say like, he's not here.

This is his roommate, Glenn. I don't know where Glenn is.

Like his roommate, Glenn Ford. And, and so yeah, it was very handy in that sense.

Yeah. But it, it's caused, you know, confusion for the marketplace. Yes. Well, no, it's just like marketplace, of course, because you are Andy Richter. We all know Andy Richter, but between friends every once in a while, like I think before I knew this, you used to email me.

I'd be like, who's this Paul? Yeah, there's that. There's also a picture at gmail.com before. Look it up. But yeah. And so it's been confusion.

And I asked my mother at one point, like, why did you not just call me Paul? If you're going to name me Paul, she said, well, I like the way Paul Andrew sounded. And your name Paul for your, for her uncle Paul, her, her mother's brother. Right. But I didn't really like him very much. So I didn't want to call you. Great. All right. Do you like Paul better or would you like, is there going to be a late life change? Honestly, at this point, I don't not that you're late in your life. I don't, it's the sort of thing that it's like, you could be directly in the middle. You could be in the first third. No, no, no, with the singularity coming up, we have no idea. Oh, no.

Listen, I'm, I'm, I transport your consciousness. I don't want you to walk out the door. Do you really? Yes, I do. I do. I just, I, you know, I've, I've, what on the panel? Time to tap out.

Yeah, bacon at every meal.

No, I don't know. I, you know, who knows? Who knows? Who knows? Anyone can do anything they want. I think every time I eat a salad, I think if I die in a fucking car wreck, I am going to be so pissed. Yeah, I could be having a donor. I know exactly.

You want to die of a heart attack? Yes, yes. Yeah. Exactly. I sat next to, I was just talking to somebody about this yesterday. I, this is this, a Burbank celebrity story. I'm getting them.

So this is a Burbank celebrity or a celebrity you saw in Burbank? You're both. You'll see. Oh my God, this is exciting. I live in Burbank, and one Sunday morning, I got up and it was, I, you know, I was alone. Oh boy.

And I expect to get there this quickly. And I was, no, and I was going to, so I, but I was going to go to breakfast. There's this little place in Burbank, an excellent place called Beebe's.

It's a breakfast place. What's that stand for? Do we know?

It's B-E-A-B-E-A. So I don't know.

What's that stand for? I don't know. But I'm, it's very crowded, very busy, but they have a little counter. So as a single, you can usually go in there and get spot. This is what people don't understand about being single. It's wonderful whenever you want to go to a restaurant. Absolutely.

Absolutely. So yeah, and then, you know, people talking to you, expect it, you know, you can just get your food done. Yeah. You can get that dirty business over with and then get the fuck out.

And then get to your other dirty business. Right. Right.

Just sitting it out. That's right. But so I go up and there's like a half hour wait.

It's very busy, but I don't make it. Is there any room at the counter? And she says, yeah, I think there's one spot. So there's like eight seats at the counter and little, you know, just like stools, stationary stools. And there's one guy on the end and then there's an empty spot and then the rest are full. So I have to kind of like maneuver into, you know, like kind of, it's a tight fit and I sit down. And as I sit down, I realize that the solo guy on my right, the waitress is bringing two English muffins like on, like she couldn't put them on one plate. She put them on two little plates and she laid it down in front of this man who was eating.

And it was in addition to all his extra plates, three fried eggs with a side of fries, steak, a side of bacon, toast, and then the two English muffins.

Oh, and I looked at the food and then I looked at the guy and it was Jay Leno. And, you know, I mean, there's a history, yeah, a little bit of a history between the two of you as far as I remember. I believe I read a book about it once or something. But I mean, at this point, I mean, I'm sitting here, you're all in at this point. And plus this is the hottest breakfast spot in town. Albo, elbow to elbow to him. And I just was like, elbow to rolled up suit jacket elbow. No, no, no, to a denim shirt. The whole fucking Jay Leno experience. Yeah. And, and I, and I just, I was like, Oh, fuck. Hi, Jay.

And director, how are you? And he told like, Oh, geez, hey, oh, hey, hey, whoa, uh, hey, do you want to do Jay Walker? I didn't, I didn't think you guys were supposed to be talking to me.

I said, Jay, I really want to get breakfast. You know, this is what I have to do to get there.

What am I, you know, I mean, I just, I'm like, you know, just like an old tired whore, like, that guy, well, I might as well. Well, breakfast makes strange bedfellers. It does. It does. And, within about three minutes, he's like, you know, all that stuff down with it. That was just business stuff, you know, just is all the network. It was all the network. And I just was like, and I actually said like, well, some of it wasn't the network, but we don't need to talk about that.

How do you feel the being on his right where you sort of like, God, this feels pretty good.

Like if I could swap out, like what, what, what would have happened if Conan, you, we all know Conan got deposed. Uh, what if you'd said like, I think I'm going to stick around be here with Jay, like the, the no one fired you. Yeah, no. Uh, what, someone, you know, someone who did do that was Max Weinberg. Oh, he stuck around when there was, yeah, because the whole thing was that, you know, they wanted their whole, because Jay went on a 10 and then it was terrible. And then the real problem was that the all the local news tanked because of Jay's terrible lead in the terrible lead in of Jay, because Jay, you know, you see Jay outside of the institution of the Tonight Show, you know, he's driving fucking fan boats on CNBC, you know, so 10 o'clock, you know, he does this show and it doesn't catch fire and local advertisers are fucking pissed because that half hour is where they make a lot of money. That's all the money. Yeah, they don't make it on the show. They don't have to license anything. That's all their money.

Right. They got to pay for the two idiots that are reading off the prompter. That's about it. And the weirdos who were standing outside of tragedies, it plummeted. They were down across the country like an average of 30 or 40%, which is real money. So there's all this, you know, finagling and the NBC comes back and says, how about we have Jay just on for half an hour for like a little, you know, the monologue, like, you know, that beloved monologue. Yeah, yeah, that invigorating, thrilling, electric monologue.

I've been new them. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, about this tired thing that no one cares about.

But so, and then it was going to be half an hour. And then the tonight show would be on at midnight, which would, which Conan rightfully thought that would be the disintegration of the book.

Yeah, yeah, yeah. So they said this is what's going to happen. And Conan said, no, I don't want to do that because it's just the beginning of the end. That's like, that's like the first, the first dose of arsenic. The first nail in the coffin out of 36 nails perhaps. I don't know what it takes to seal up a coffin. He called it the death of a thousand cuts was what he called it. So we said, no, and then like two days later, Max Weinberg's in the paper like, well, hit if Jay's looking for a band leader. Oh, yeah, and go over well. Oh, yeah. Well, I mean, everyone moved out here.

What it really told me is don't say that Andy. Jay's looking for an announcer, a sidekick.

I'm available. Go through proper. Yeah, it's not the newspaper. And I live in Burbank. I'm local.

Oh my gosh. Should you have stayed at midnight though?

Should you have moved into midnight?

No, no. Oh, okay. Yeah, yeah, no. All right. Interesting.

No, I mean, and well, ultimately too, it always was, you know, we went to TBS and there it was, it was, it was like 6,000 cuts are death. Not just like drew out longer. But, you know, he owned that show and he never would have owned the tonight show and just we, and we got to do whatever the fuck we wanted over there.

Yes. And so it was really a nice, it was a, we were there for 11 years. It was a really nice place to work. And I, I don't, you know, I think it worked out great. Yeah, no one can argue that the two of you and especially you perhaps made your mark on television history. We did.

Did we? Really did. I don't know. That's weird. I mean, I'm, I'm very happy that that show is meaningful to comedians that like were kids when that show started. Right. And that it's meaningful to them in the same way that the shows that were meaningful to me were like S-C-T-V and S-N-L, you know, S shows. Yes. All those S-Shows.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Satan's Creek. So show it from my mind. It's not.

You've been imagining. It's about a creek that's really hot.

That's kind of a shits creek spinoff. I understand. But Satan was good. I could have gone with that. But, you know, but yeah, I mean, that's, I'm very happy about that. But I, I, the notion of, you know, being a fixture and all that kind of shit, I just, because I feel like I still haven't even really started firing on all cylinders. Yeah. Like I'm still holding back. Yeah. And I'm still like, I'm still like a fuck up who if like nothing is required of me, I'll just like, I'm like, I think I'll make lasagna. And I'll like, that's my, that's my, you know, my big ambition for the day left to my own devices. You're like a modern day Garfield in that way. Exactly. You have a John Arbuckle. It's always lasagna. Conan is John Arbuckle to you, is he not? Who's Odie? Is that Max?

No, Max isn't Odie. Odie would probably be one of my kids.

One of your kids.

The other one doesn't exist in this analogy. Maybe they just, they trade Odie as Odie as-ness.

Well, this is why we ask the four questions on this show that opened up. I mean, the other two, you know, obviously what's your last name? Ricker. And then will you see yourself out?

Yes, I will. Absolutely. I've been here before. I know how to get to the door.

Okay, good. Well, Andy Ricker is here and is that you? Are you peeing in your- I just, you know, that was, this is, we got to get some waters for these guys.

Oh, people are- Wait, there's the OVN.

Geno? Geno is here? Yeah, sorry I'm a little late. These flights are fucking crazy. Everyone's getting duct taped to seats and shit like that. I was trying to get here, but fucking, my mask was not- People are after me for wearing a mask, even though mask mandates have been lifted.

Yeah, people are- So you were wearing them? What kind of mask were you wearing?

It was the kind that prevents you from biting the people who are handling you.

Oh, this is a Hannibal Lekler. Yeah, yes, yes. That's what the lady kept calling it.

Have a ball? Is it a ball game? No, I wish that I'm familiar with it, but I couldn't have that.

I'd be rock-hot the entire flight. And you don't want to get hard when it's a- when you're up there in the high pressure system. Oh, no, it'll explode. Yeah, you can- It's like a cartoon thermometer. People who do the mile high club, man, I don't know how to do it.

How's that ever- Has that ever happened to you where you like, you wake up from a nap on a plane and realize, oh shit, I have a full erection. I left time, came in the toilet and first quiz.

Jesus, wow! TMI from Geno. And that's, of course, a Geno Lombardo story.

Yes, not a story that anyone else has. No, that's just me, Geno. I love to jack off on planes.

Sure, sure. Yeah, but into the toilet. Yeah, like I'm not on a monster.

I'm coming in my pants and fucking leaving this spackle for the whole ride.

Great. Geno, welcome back. Thanks to having me, Scott.

Hey, this is Andy Richter, whose real name is actually Paul.

We found that out on the four questions. That's fucking wild. Are you from the south? No, because a lot of southerners are like, yeah, call me Andy. And it's like, well, what's your name?

It's like Warren McAndrew. And you're like, okay, Andy. Yeah, no, I grew up with kids that just had completely different, like, a girl that named Sis. Like, and it's like- A girl named Sis. Yeah, and it was like her name was Sis, but then her real name was, I don't know, Linda or something like that. I know a boy named Sue once. It was very interesting. From the movie, Swing Is.

You ever hear that song? And I have the audiences laughing maniacally every time he says it. Yes.

Yeah. Like, not just the first time and then diminishing returns. They're laughing like it's the funniest thing they have ever heard.

People like to help out. They were starved for comedy, is my opinion.

Geno, they're over comedy. That's right. Yeah, this is- We're doing post comedy right now.

Comedy died years ago. It's gonna be something fun here, right?

Geno, you're back. Where have you- I mean, you have been gone for a while.

I was in the hospital for quite a bit, but now I'm all recovered and back to- I'm allowed to fly again. What were you doing in the hospital? Amy Fisher had burst both my testicles with a kick to the nuts in an unsanctioned Long Island fight club tournament. Oh, no. Yeah. This is what, 30 years after Amy Fisher was even a thing? Yeah, no, she's still a thing. She's just not in the news as much, but she's chasing it. She came out with Golden Palace, written on her titties, and started fucking absolutely murking me. She was fucking- I couldn't believe the anger that the Long Island Lolita brought to this game. Oh my god. Why did you agree to fight her?

Because I haven't fought a woman in a couple of years and- Okay. And look, I'm a feminist.

That's sexy. Yeah. I think- Yeah, I think anyone could do every- I fought- I fought- man, I fought non-binary, I fought adults, I fought children. It's nice to finally fight an adult woman.

You know, a sis woman. Not your friend, Sis, but an actual- Yes. CIS. Right. CSI. I thought- Yeah, fuck. Well, don't even get me started on fucking- I got my fucking ass handed to me by Gary Sinise, Sis New York.

Oh, is there another one? Sis Miami. Well, that's too bad.

I'm so sorry. So you were in the hospital recovering your testicles. Yeah, that- Well, well, well, major testicular torsion is what they called. And I had a trance- I had a transplant. Oh. So I have, you know, I have goat testicles inside my bowl. Oh, you have L.O. Cool J's testicles.

L.O. Cool J considers himself the guy. He coined that phrase. Oh, good for him, because just coined the phrase. So he's the goat at coming up with the term goat. Okay, because he's not the greatest of all time. Well, he considered himself to be a great involved in rapper. Any context there. Ladies love Cool Jains, okay? He loved abbreviating things. That's the whole thing about him. Wrapping, as far as I'm concerned, is actually about extending thoughts over rhymes. He just loved condylons. He loves acronyms and licking his lips.

That's two things he loves. For someone on a tight schedule like me, it's great. It really is.

Yeah, exactly. I need all those words. I'm so tired of saying self-contained, other water-breathing apparatus. I could just say scuba. By the way, the self-contained part of it, it's not really that interesting anymore. No, it's just better than UBA. Yeah, we can call it UBA. But then it goes to UBA. No, UBA gets... Well, UBA and Lyft, you get both of those going and shit and you're fucked. And then there's UBA, which is Japanese purple yams. Yes, of course.

And don't get one of those stuck in your ass. Take it from me or a friend. Whoever. Have you been to Japan? I have never been to Japan. Really? I think...

What are the places you've been?

Because we know New Jersey or no Long Island. Jesus, fuck you, Christ. How come in? How could you forget? I've been coming on here and doing the same shit for 10 years. You're the exact same place to be. Yeah, well, they're very different to me, okay?

I'm so sorry. I know you have William Joel is from there. We have William Joel and they have Jonathan Bonathan Jovee. Right. Yeah, have you heard his voice recently? A lot of hubbub people are recording his recent concerts. Who Billy?

Or... No, the latter. I don't give a fuck about that guy.

Yeah, let that motherfucker buy another arena football team and leave me. Which one did you buy? I don't know. Maybe I'm making this up.

I thought he was like bidding for the bills or something.

They should be called the Bon Jovees.

He was. Yeah, but I don't think he got it. But yeah, he wanted to be an NFL owner.

Yeah, imagine if Trump actually got the USFL off the ground we might have never had us.

Man, I would sacrifice that. I'm not watching a different sport.

Haven't heard about a different sport while I'm trying to just drink alcohol on a Sunday morning.

Fuck yeah, so I got these goat testicles and they're smaller than my original one. So it's great because now my pet pecca looks bigger and that's going to be a fucking huge victory for me.

Yeah, congratulations. But the thing is these nurses at fucking Winthrop Hospital in Manhasset, they fucking giggle their little asses off. You think they're professionals, right? You're like, oh look at these people dedicated their lives to become RNs, registered nurse, not right now.

Okay, millennials. And they're just giggling, giggling, giggling, giggling at my little balls.

Where are they seeing them that often? They come in and change the bandages and like, you know, okay. Yeah. And I have like just that little transparent part of my scrotum from the Repatch. Oh, oh, wait, they didn't get you a silicon skin, but it's see through. Oh, see through it.

You see, you know, all the blood and the vas deferens and stuff like that. Right.

Around in there. It's like a watch with a glass back. Yeah, that's exactly what it's sort of like a moon roof in a way. Yeah, it's sort of like a habachi restaurant. You can appreciate the craftsmanship. Oh, yeah, you got you should I will post it with the show notes. I don't think I really don't believe we will, but I'll post it to a friend, a comedian friend's Instagram text it to me.

Again? Yeah. All right. You lost it again. So anyway, it got lost in the other stuff. They'd be down there and they'd be just like, T. He, T. He like, yeah, and then I would hear like, I would hear like some of the, you know, other nurses be like, bad, you know, like making go noises and shit. And I knew what they were, I knew what they were referencing. Yeah. And then then the vegans come and knock in when they need me to come in their coffee so that they can have non-dairy, non-cal milk, crema. Okay. So laugh it up, vegan nurses. It is daring. Oh, shit.

It is that's why they have just a different animal. Yeah.

Oh, okay. They're giving you like, uh, tempe balls and me or just like a couple of edamame.

These are permanent balls. These are permanent. These are promo balls. Okay. So no, nothing can happen to these. I deal with, they are unbirstable. That's what they do. They graduate like LL Cool J. They were been referred to as unfuck wittable. Do you notice the difference in, in, you know, performance? Oh, yeah. Yeah. I'm able, um, I'm able to sing so much better than I was pre. Oh, you mean like sexual problems? Oh, yeah. So no, but the same answer. Yeah. Uh, yeah. No, I get, I get harder, even easier. Okay. And then, uh, I last a little bit longer, but the orgasms are not as good. Oh, I'm so sorry. Yeah. That's, that's the whole reason we do it usually. Well, yeah, I'm racing to the finish here. I'm the, you know, the end justifies the means Machiavelli, baby. I'll give a fuck what got me there, but I need to nut.

Jesus. Hey, you're sorry.

You need people like me on the wall. Okay. Your honor. I don't care what got me.

Goddamn right. I ordered the cook come in the coffee.

Well, this is, I mean, do you know the goat? Was it a famous goat or was it just, uh, yeah, it was the goat from Adam Sandler's first comedy album, the one who gypsies fucking oh, you got that one. That's incredible. Yeah, it's really, it's really cool. It's really fucking for me, a guy who grew up listening to that album.

Yeah. And all the way through, it was like, uh, early twenties. Did he give them willingly or the, I mean, it's a ghost.

He had passed, he had passed away. He had died in hand-to-hand combat against Eddie Money in the same long white club tournament. Wow. And it worked out well because I was like, we need, they were kept screaming like the EMT is like, we need testicles stat. We need test and then Eddie Money's like, I got two testicles to paradise over here. And I was, Mr. Money, please. He's like, no, my father's Mr. Money.

Call me Ed Money. The EMTs, the Eddie Money, uh, trio cover band. They were there rooting him on because their friends is like, you know, the guy from Big Shot plays with Billy at MSG? Of course, everybody knows that, right?

Of course we all know that. Big Shot, the famous Long Island, Billy Joel cover band, they performed at Mokeys or Monto. They are now performing live with Billy. This guy, Billy's literally doing shit like, take it away guy who still has his capacity to sing.

Really? Yeah. It's fun though. It's fun. Who else? Who better? Because he wants to do it in the original keys or I thought he transposed him down. Unlike Paul McCartney. Oh, I don't know what any of that shit means. I can sing better with the go testicles, but I still can't read or understand music. Yeah, are you still in that Children's Choir that you were telling me about? The uni Children's Choir. Yeah, still in it. And they still haven't found out about my genital situation or the fact that I'm an adult. Yeah, that would be more pressing to them. I would imagine. There's two questions on the forum, age and genital situation. Two questions.

That's not a bad idea because people like shorter podcast.

Yeah, you should start this too.

Like two questions. Yes, you question. Are you a child? And do you have genitals? What are you doing? I've been thrown out of so many playgrounds for asking these questions.

There might not be any teens showing up here later. Okay.

Well, unfortunately, we do have a teenager coming up a little later, but I'm shit. I'm so used to be a teenager. So I get used to it, but you're only 20. I'm in my early 20s now. So now. I'm in my 12th year at National Community College studying to be an audio major.

And eventually I'll have enough credits to start working here at Earwolf full time. And I'm here. Right? You're barely getting him. You came in right at the right time. I know. I know.

You and you you've aced the getting waters course. I've aced the getting waters course. I'm I haven't been able to do comedy bang bang in a bit because of the hospital shit, but I was I like people doing remote records. Yeah. So I was able to help. We were in my backyard for a while.

You never made it back there. Did you? No, no, I can't be in I couldn't be in the sun with the medication. Oh, really? Yeah. Yeah. So and that's hard for me as a guy loves to get tan. So you can't have 10 in balls. I cannot have 10. Oh, 10 in balls. Sorry.

Merry Christmas next year, brother. I cannot fucking do it. Yeah. Wow. Yeah, it's brutal. Well, that it's so good that you're back up on your feet. I mean, I feel great. I truly feel great. I went to smaller balls. It's easier to walk and Oh, I can only imagine because, you know, you know, every once in a while, you you'll get them twisted just like crossing your legs or something like that.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. You got to be careful that and they'll like wind around each other a lot and then you feel them slowly unwind, like a lifeguard whistle spinning around. It's just it's just great to be able to fucking have normal ball stuff happening. You know what I mean? Because you know, yours were larger than than normal. Mine, when you say when you say yours are smaller, they're about human size. Is that what you're back to? Yeah, they're back to goat. There are goat size, which is a little smaller than human. Yeah, nine, 10 scale. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's probably like 85% the size of, but my old balls were like 170% the size of right. Yeah. And they weren't old balls. They were, you know, they were on their in their early previous balls. But they yeah, my previous balls, my ex balls, my ex nuts. These things were fucking like yam bags. We had like two oobes in there. Right. Yeah.

Gosh, any questions for Andy Richter here, by the way, since you're on, Mike, usually I beg your pardon. First of all, Gino doesn't show up more than once every four months or so. Yeah, it like commutes from Long Island. It's a long commute. I was going to say, yeah, I got to take the fucking subway. I got to take the train from I get on in fucking Massa Pico Park and then I go to Massa Picoa and then from there at Seaford, Wanto, Belmont, Merrick, Freeport. I don't normally go this way. The bad, the westbound train. Yeah. It's Merrick.

Beautiful. Mind you, right now. Cue gardens and then Jamaica and off the Florida keys and then Penn Station.

Yeah. Then I get to Penn Station. Then I take the air train.

I take the A down to Howard Beach, transfer to the air train, get to JFK, walk to the end of the Delta. This fucking thing is like 600 miles. Holy shit. And with freshly sewn up, uh, transparent scrot. Yeah. You do not want to be walking two miles to get to the Delta lounge. Okay. All right. So I fucking get there, get on the plane. Then I'm flying across the plane. I don't have to list all the states we fly over because no one gives a fuck about the other 48. Yeah, exactly. Yeah.

Just whatever. It's Wisconsin, and then I get in my Uber or Lyft and I, uh, the Uber takes me, uh, you know, wherever, in this case, Ear Wolf. Yeah. Uh, you're probably taking the 105 down to the 2010. We're taking the 10. We're taking the 10. We're taking the 10. We're taking the 10. We're taking the 10 to the 110 to the 110 to the 110 to the one on one. This is where I shine. Oh, yeah. I don't know any of this. Tell me your route. I don't know fucking cause for the life of me, dude, except for Gary Newman and the movie, of course. Yeah.

Gary Newman and the movie, of course. Yeah. Which one is the movie? Owen Wilson, the furious? No, no, Corey Wilson's that's Paul Walker. All right. Pete. You know, I own Wilson and still with us.

Oh, he is? Yeah. He man. What a fun. You know, what a news.

Wait a minute. This sucks. Owen Wilson's still with us. Oh, come on. Now he's one of our greatest treasures. I love the guy. Whoa.

That's great. That was Joey. Yeah. Sorry. Whoa. There we go.

There you nailed it. Yeah. Hey, should we crash this wedding? Yeah. Look at that. I don't know.

Blue line cinema, baby. Smoke in. But yeah, but Andy, he's also normally not on Mike. He's used to, he should be behind the boards writing. Yeah, I'm checking the luffs. You got this fucking loose cannon Devin in here. So I got to like keep. Yeah. He's well. Yeah. I mean, you know, we've had to pick up the slack with Devin over here. Yeah. So you bring in an extra engineer guy who's got the experience. I can take a look at the loves. I could take a look at the club. Exactly. But in any case, he's usually not on Mike. But since you are, if you have anything you want to ask Andy over here, yeah, sure. Not his career or his life. I've been a big fan.

I was one of those guys who grew up watching Conan. It's, you know, the masturbating bear. I love all that. But my question for you is Andy, what is your middle name? Oh, no, we covered that.

Are you serious? Yeah. Before you got here.

You got to be fucking kidding me. Yeah. Those are your two points. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

I'm sick of answering it too. So I know. Yeah. That's fair.

That's fair. It's actually going to be good. That's good for radio people going like I'm not answering that question. I could play that after a step. We'll skip that out. Yeah. I could go whatever question I want to go into that.

Billy Bob Thorton here right here. Would you ask Bob Dylan that? Why do I know the Billy Bob clip you're talking about? I know. I'm so young. Why would I know? What was that? 10 years ago?

And that's a modern reference for me. All right. Well, look, guys, we have to take a break if that's okay. When we come back, we have I'm looking at my notes. A teenager will be here.

Okay, I'm going to change my bandages real quick. Oh, okay.

Oh, in front of us or?

No, I can go into the bathroom. But unless you guys request in front of us, Devon said, keep put them on the glass.

He keeps asking us to put everything on the glass. I don't know what it is.

Yeah. What's going on? Can I tick-tock it? Yeah, of course.

All right.

We are going to come right back. We'll have more with Geno and more with Andy Richter.

What a pleasure to have him here. We're going to be right back with a teenager as well.

We'll be right back with more comedy, baby. After this, Q commercials.

Comedy, baby. We're back. We have Andy Richter here. The three questions is his podcast. What's been going on with the three questions? Who have you had on lately? What questions have you had?

Oh, it's always the same question. Yeah, but I mean, it's just it's just it's just to set the tone.

Do you never ask any other question? Do you does have to be statements and declarative?

All kinds of questions around. I, you know, I thought that this would be a good just a good format for but it's become so fucking annoying for people to cross around your neck. What's the other question? That's more than three questions. It's just like, I just you can't.

Podcast listeners are the worst people in the world. Well, no, it's just people ruin everything.

That's if I have any message to the young people out there.

It's people. Give it back to the piece of the field. If you want to feel better about everything, I would recommend going on Reddit and searching your podcast out. That's how you make yourself feel much better. I don't even enough to know that like, oh, why would stick your face on a hornet's nest?

No one tries to get psychologically inside the head of podcasters and guess how they feel about their close friends. No one's doing that on fucking Reddit.

You fucking freaks.

I think you and I have had some issues lately. Yeah.

Someone tweeted.

What's Gino's beef with Scott?

Guess. Let's do an episode.

Well, look guys, it's three questions. There's no better podcast out there, but so we do have to get to our next guest. They are a teenager. I have no other information other than that, but.

Am I allowed to come in now? Yeah, please. Yeah.

Step into the light here. Yes. I'm sorry. We keep it so dark in the hallway.

No, it's OK. Hi. Hi. Hi.

Oh, man. I'm so happy to be here. Scott. Hi, Susie Tumen. I'm so Susie Tumen.

Oh, yeah. This is Gino. Hi, Gino.

Hello, Marta. Nice to meet you.

I just got to say thank you so much, sir. I have a health test on Monday on the mail reproductive system and aviation. So this is really going to be helpful.

And aviation and aviation. Oh, OK. I see the combined two things.

That's perfect. This is going to be good. And I appreciate it.

Feel free to ask me any questions and not. Well, you know what? Never mind. I'm backing off that.

I should not. You're the questions guy. I'm not the question.

Yeah. I'm not the person for a children. This is where he lives.

Young person to be talking to Peter. Yeah. This is Andy Richter, by the way, as well.

I don't know if you've ever had a television or I guess in the last 11 years turned on TBS. I love television. Oh, OK. Well, Susie, Susie Tumen.

Susie Tumen. That's what spells at T W O M E N or like my guess over here.

You M A N. Oh, OK. Great. Great. Wonderful to see you.

Thank you so much. I'm so happy to be here.

Why are you? Why are you on the show? I don't usually have people of your age on the show.

Scott, you know, I'm just like a normal teen in a lot of ways.

I have the best which ways which way is the best friends in the world.

I'm constantly worried about whether or not Paul G. R.E. is going to notice me.

And I have like, I have a pretty big secret. Oh, OK. Can I share it with you?

Paul G. R.E. Who's Paul G. R.E. Is that someone I should know or?

He's a senior. Oh, he always someone you know. Oh, OK.

I was wondering if he was like a politician or something.

I'm a sophomore. OK. That's not unattainable.

I mean, but it would be a problem if the relationship were to continue after he turned 18.

Sure. He's 17 and a half and a half is. Yeah, you really only have a six month window to get this done, but they only need to take a year or two off. Then you can get right back on. Yeah, exactly.

I mean, I that's I feel uncomfortable even saying this to you now as I that's. Yeah, the window wait for me is what you're saying. Yes. The window is closing those what I'm so.

Dude, do that. So you fortune favors the the brave. So you should get in there while you're in any case. But you what was the third thing you said? A secret.

I got a bit of a secret.

Yeah. OK. Well, I'm trying to balance all that stuff. Also a foreman of a non-union construction site. Wow. Oh, interesting. And you're keeping this a secret. I'm sort of living a double life. I really want to keep high school one thing and then this thing that I'm really, really good at. Right. Separate. Yeah. Wow. OK, how did you get into this? I mean, that's such an odd thing for a sophomore, a sophomore, a 15 year old. I would I would yes to yeah to be doing. I mean, was this a hobby of yours or it's really crazy. I was just at the mall one day and a guy came up to me and said, Hey, we need somebody on our site in 10 minutes.

And I said, Well, Frank, Frank's my stepdad. Can you sign this up state of Ohio permit for me to work? And he did. And so then the next day I was on the site. Oh, OK. So you're on the show to share the secret and you want you want this? Is there a reason why you want to push this information on that? Well, you need some help. Oh, OK. This is that this is the place. Yeah, we're three well adjusted. I mean, he's a little young. Does the help you need happen to be construction knowledge?

Well, a little bit of both. It's you know, I'm trying to bounce it. But you guys are all so accomplished, you know, getting to the airport and being able to drive yourself to a studio, working on a television show. Yeah, exactly. So I was hoping maybe you guys could help me find the balance a little bit. Why did they think you would be good at this? That's the other question. Someone came up to you and said we need someone on the site in 10 minutes. Did you and follow up? Did you go straight to Foreman at that point or were you like added to the site and then eventually your name is two men. So it's like you became the double of your of your last name. Oh shit, the double life you're living is weird. Oh, I get. Oh, I mean, I don't get anything.

I just it's interesting. I'm a noomer. I'm a numbers guy.

That's how I know that JFK Jr is coming back. Right. I don't want people to recognize me. So I do have a disguise that I wear when I'm on the construction site. It's a very short wig and a hat.

Because you have very long hair.

I do have very long hair. Never cut it. How do you get all of that under that short wig?

Oh, a lot of work. It takes hours. And how do you balance your school work with the balance work and family? Yeah, exactly. Yeah. How do you balance work and work? You're a woman. So we need to ask that's a great question. I'm still trying to figure it out. I got a math test on Tuesday.

And I'm trying to study that as I'm taking all these union posters out of the break room.

Okay. So wait, you're not you not only run a non union construction site, but you're actively union union. Well, yeah, you're the head scab, not the time, not the time, Susie. Listen, what can I say? We got a hundred unit building that needs to go up in four weeks. And we only got 10 guys on the job. All right, seems dangerous. It seems like a dangerous place to eventually live. That's 10 units per guy in just a few weeks. I don't know. Listen, I could do a unit, maybe new a day. If you if you press me, I could do maybe one unit. I can bang out a couple of units. Like I'd have to ask friends how to do it. You know, and I give maybe it's advice.

It sounds totally unreasonable. But don't worry. I have safety meetings every single morning.

And I tell them it's safer for you to not say anything and just shut up and do the work.

Wow. Okay. You never had any trouble with mob muscle, you know, or in the contract. I ever. Yeah. Yeah. How do you deal with it? You said it kind of cutely, but it sounds like it might be terrifying. The Ohio mom. Oh man, I wish. No, we're talking the drama mob. Oh, oh, this is high school. Okay. Okay. All right. We used to call it clubs when I was in high school. Weirdly enough, I don't think I have any expertise to help you with either of your problems. I was a high school outcast. And the one time I worked on a construction site, I fucking hammergunned my feet to a girder and no standing up there to an entire rainstorm.

No hard hat. Hey, that sounds like one of my sites. Well, that's Susie. I think that could be risky. You know, come on. You got to be careful with these.

These are people. These are workers.

I mean, are you making bank? You make a money? Yeah, I'm making a lot of money.

Yeah. I mean, this must be what is it? Six figures at least.

Don't worry. I'm keeping it off shore, Scott. You are very well learned about one ahead of Scott's four questions is always where you keeping your money. You got to let this senior boy know all this. My stepdad Frank has taught me right. He said two things that have always stuck with me.

One, don't take coffee creamer for anybody that lives in Long Island. And that'll come in handy in one or two specific situations.

And to just keep your mouth shut and do what the boss says.

And if the boss doesn't like it, then we know where the bodies are buried. Oh my god. Is your father in the business?

He's my stepdad and he's the best. Oh, okay. Not my question. Is he in the business?

What business? The business of construction, the same business you're in. Oh, no, he's a model scout. Oh, oh, I was going to say because you're beautiful.

I don't care a lot to say that.

I mean, not in the crib. I just you have your cheekbones is what I guess I was your bone structure.

That's what I mean. You're classically put together. Is that something I can say?

I'm arguably worse. I for the record want everyone to know that I think she's ugly.

Well, you're welcome. I'm just saying like it seems like if you wanted to work, you could maybe do what your stepfather, you know, is out there looking for instead of this. But that'll fuck you up.

Being a young teen model, that's just not good for you in the long run. Being a young teen construction foreman, you're making friends, you're learning. Are you making friends?

Yes, you. Not really anywhere, Scott. I'm trying really hard. I have two friends at high school.

We've been friends since like fifth grade, which is crazy.

But I feel like we're kind of going in separate directions right now. Really? Why is that? Well, checkers is sort of like really gotten into music lately, which is great. And I'm very supportive, but you know, they're off doing that and Paul is doing sort of his own thing. Your friends are names Paul and checkers.

Yeah, my friend. And wasn't the guy you were into named Paul? Yeah. Is this different?

Paul's got that's not Paul G. Artie. No, this is Paul G. Oh, Paul G.

What's he stand for? I wish I knew. He's your best friend.

He's my best friend since fifth grade.

You'll get there. You'll get to learn what that means. And then for me, you know, I'm just trying to deal with 14 to 17 adult men who are trying to increase their wages.

Wow. It's really tough. Similar problems, over. Are you doing any kind of like strike busting kind of stuff or, you know, taking bats to vehicles or anything like that? Oh my God, Scott, who do you think I am? Of course not. I have people that do that for me.

Is Paul G one of them? Well, when he's got the time, he's been really busy with his band.

Well, no, it's checkers is in the man. Wait, check. It's got to feel like you're not listening to me.

This is just a lot of information you're doing. It is a lot.

What is going on? Checkers is in a band checkers band. Scott scob. Oh, Scott, his name fits then. Oh, okay. So this is like fifth wave.

His real name is check, but he goes by checkers. Oh, okay.

That makes sense.

Yeah. And what's the name of the band? Checkers in the boys.

Checkers in the boys. Nobody.

It's just checkers. Oh, wow. How do you play a scob band with just one guy? That's a great question. He might be bringing a bag. It might be his testicles.

Yeah, true.

Checkers in the boys. Yeah. My testicles are, of course, gender nonconforming. Oh, good.

Because I, you know, I'm not gonna apply to you. By the way, if you ever been on a podcast before, we talk about testicles. Oh, yeah. And I really should have addressed that before dropping in some testes, Jack. Hey, don't worry. Do you know, I were kind of construction site. I've heard it all.

That's a that's true. I did a little construction back in the day too. So it's, I can't really connect on the high school thing because my high school life was weird. But I have a couple of questions about this drama mob. Oh, please. Is it like, are they extorting you?

Is it a is it major issues? Is it a protection racket? Like we won't act around you if you give us money or worse. They say my hair is too long. And so I can never be cusette and lemiz.

Do you want to be cusette and lemiz? So bad. I mean, it's got a showcase song.

It's my dream. Yeah. That's my dream. It's on my own. Is that because that sings? Yeah.

You guys are fucking dorks. Can we hear a little bit of it?

Yeah, of course you. I'm looking right at you. What I'm saying. Okay. You want to hear me sing?

Sure. I mean, I mean, you say you have talent. It's your dream to do it. Let's hear a little bit.

Do you know my own? Do you know my back you up because you've got that beautiful, operatic ball singing voice has gotten so much better. You got it. So do you want to do the Marius part?

Yep. Okay. Because cusette doesn't sing on my own. They sing the one with Marius that's at the gate. Okay. Now I know what you're talking about. I'll jump into some sense. A song. Oh, this is your dream. Scott, I feel like you're not listening to me. I'm trying to. I feel like Scott just really wants to sing lemiz. Just do it.

Go fucking full bowl over there. I've just been practicing really hard on every single lunch breakup and telling the guys we're not taking lunch until you listen to me do my audition piece a couple of times. And then we run out of time. And so then I send them back to the site with no sound like an unpleasant place to work. Now, is there a reason you won't cut your hair? Because if the only thing stopping you from playing cusette, is it? Cusette cusette is the long hair. And by the way, cusette doesn't have short hairs for although she's an orphan. Is that correct? Well, maybe they cut the hair in order to make sure there's no license in it or yeah, and now they're adopted her.

Oh, okay. Make your hair very helpful. She's formerly an orphan. She's a four family. The orphan formerly known as cusette the orphan. So, so, what are you doing to the singing? Yeah, let's hear you hear you sing anything. I'm so nervous. I just want to hear the family of your boys. We finally have a team girl in the studio. Let's make her sing for all completely normal behavior. I don't feel at all like a sultan in the movie taken. Can I say, when I was walking on the street earlier today and the three of you walked up to me and said, come on in the studio for a little bit. We promise we won't lock the door behind you.

I mean, we were. Okay. You said you had a secret. You came up to us and said, I have a secret. And I said, I don't, and you were like, and we were like, we have a platform in which you can share it potentially. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, yeah. I don't remember who decided who was going to be on the show.

It was just guy. Oh, okay. Yeah. Right, right, right. It was scott that said he wouldn't lock the door. So I locked the door. Yeah. Right. Yeah. And as you should probably know this, and Scott doesn't want this information out there, but he is also running a non union podcast.

So you will not be getting paid. I don't know. I guess our union is generally, I mean, yeah, you can take the step if you're the guy. Good for you. And if you need any protection, I'm not really in charge of anything anymore. I know some really neat guys.

If you need the pod, do you need these guys? Huh? Yes, you.

What? The mall. The mall.

It's his shirt all. You're not listening to me at all. You never said this before.

So you hang out of the mall on my own. Okay. I do that part over and over and over again.

I mean, I wouldn't mind it if I were seeing the show and they just hang on my own.

Do you mean it? Yeah. I really appreciate that. Yeah, no problem. Scott, I feel like you're not listening. It sucked. Oh, that's right. Gino, thank you for your honesty. I just don't want to mislead you. I feel like construction might be your thing.

If you refuse to cut your hair to become cassette and you refuse to learn more than the opening lines, I feel like, yeah, there's something inside of you that doesn't want to be interested in this. Also, there's something sitting right in front of us where your work wig to audition for cassette. Yeah, you're work wig. Oh, my God. But wait, then maybe checkers in Paul G. He'll finally catch on that.

I'm I'm not just hanging out at this construction site a lot. Well, they love hanging out at the construction site. You can get the game track of all your concerns. You see them every day.

Yeah. This feels like Ozark season five. Get the wig. Scott.

So they're not recognizing you at the construction site. Who do they think you are? No, because I haven't had in a week.

They think I'm the foreman. You are the foreman. You're not the two men. You're not Susie two men. You're a completely different person of foreman.

Yes, they know I'm a teenager on the construction site, but they just think I'm a T for men.

Okay, so they're aware that you're young.

They just don't know you are you specifically to me to me to me. How does that help you?

How does that help you? They're not knowing you Susie to the power dynamic.

What would happen to the power dynamic if they know now we know the name of this? Are you an unnamed teen foreman for them? Listen, my stepdad Frank said number one rule is never let him know where you live. Oh, right. Okay. How do you have other number one rule? Number one rule I think was don't take coffee creamer from a dude from long time.

Right, right. I'm sorry. I'm getting a phone call from the site. I got to put my wig in my hat on.

This is going to take us a second. Oh, is it FaceTime before? Is it FaceTime? No, it's just an audio call, but I got to get into character. Yeah, it's easier. Yeah. Okay. Wow. That is really long hair.

Yeah, you need vocal warmups.

Bricks. Bricks. Yeah. Okay. Great. Great word to say once.

Okay, Scott answer it. Oh, okay. Uh, hello.

Hello. Hello. Hello. Hey, it's just a, it's the foreman. Hi.

Yes, this is me, teen foreman.

Yeah, sorry. I just have you saved my phone is the foreman.

It's Ronnie. We're a fucking question.

Yeah, I have a question. It's why I'm calling you for me.

We're fucking knee deep and nails here.

We got no fucking hammers. What do you need us to do? That's so crazy. If I wanted to hear an ass talk, I'd fart. Oh, click. Whoa. Wow. Why does you have me answer the phone? That was fucking I know I like that. Again, I'm seeing Susie's all about the power dynamics. She's got you answering the phone. Yeah, I get up. I'm saying, I mean, that was great. You fucking rock that, dude. That dude. Yeah. Let's go ahead. Take your wig off.

Let your hair down. Okay. Shake it out.

Wow. Beautiful. I don't think you're allowed to say that, Scott. Sorry. I beg your pardon.

Wow. You're really good at your job. I got to say you really put the fear of God into him.

Thank you. Yeah. Seems like a great place to work if you're being honest. Yeah. I mean, nails, no hammers. Yeah. Really. I would leave high school if I were you like, why are you even bothering with high school? Just feels like a part of it. You know, I just want to live life to the fullest. Yeah. I want to be able to take my math test and complain about boys with my friends who don't talk to me anymore. What math are you starting right now, by the way, pre algebra, pre algebra. Okay. So you're not even very far along in math.

Me? No. Stop saying me. I'm talking to you. Pre algebra and sophomore years. Like, this is a terribly active algebra in freshman year. Oh, miss the smart pants. The post-algebra.

I got to see as far as I recall. She's working class. Yeah.

That's right. Yeah. You're going on very rich. Oh, really? Why are you doing this?

Your dad is a cleave is an Ohio model.

Are you step that's an Ohio model? Yeah. Your step that's your step. He's got a pretty big secret, too. Oh, no. What is it? It's a pyramid scheme. The model pyramid scheme? That's less of a secret than you think it is. And honestly, it's kind of like an open secret. If you're, if you're at a mall in Cleveland picking up models, yeah, I don't think you have that many connections. So he's recruiting models that have to recruit two other models. Is that okay? Exactly. Yeah. And they had to pay 700 dollars for the headshot. To the person in front of you.

My stepdad, Frank ends up getting about 1450 from each person. But that adds up. That adds up.

And don't worry. We keep it all offshore. Okay. Good. Wow.

I mean, what an interesting person you are. I mean, quite honestly, when we saw you on the street, I was like, this is a beautiful team. We got to get her to the studio. I was so far away from you. And I got scared at first, when you screamed at me, but then I was less scared. I got close. It was three streets away.

Yeah, it was down the block. We had the chase you down there. I just saw the outline of you.

He wasn't screaming words. He was just screaming. You guys are pretty fast runners. Yeah. Well, you know, when you have to rise. Yeah. When you got something. Yeah, you came up to us like, a character from a Japanese horror film and said, I have a secret I want to share. And we were like, well, let's get this teen girl on the mic. Let's go. I just like walking on my hands.

Let's talk about that. That was awesome. That was fucking sick. You have a lot of skills.

Yet I feel like you're misusing all your. I think you're misdirecting a lot of your energy.

Right. Yeah. And also you're just when we practiced to deceive, you know, you're really making a mess of your life. Yeah. It's got to be hard to keep all these stories straight and all these, you know, compartmentalizing everything the way it is. It's not healthy. It is. And to be worse, I got prom next week and nobody's asked me. Oh, no. I'm making Giles go with me.

Correct me if I'm wrong, but isn't the prom for same years and seniors? Oh, no. Sorry.

Go ahead. Isn't the prom the same day as the inspector is coming to visit the site and you have no idea how you're going to be able to swing ball? Yeah, it's going to be really tough. Oh, you're going to have to bring my wig to prom. No, I brought my beard to prom and change in and out of your out of your gown and then going to work your man those late night weekend inspections.

They kill you. You're going to get busted when you're like underneath dancing with accidentally have your hard hat on, but yeah, full prom. But then all the other people in high school be like, that looks pretty cool. And suddenly they'll all have hard hats on. They'll all be like, I want to work in nonunion construction to be worse. Paul my date asked on a cut of the prom. And so I don't really know what to do. So I made Giles come with me. And whose Giles he hasn't has he been mentioned yet? No, no, I was going to fire him. And then I said, if he really wants the job that he can do me a little favor.

And that favor is coming to prom with so his own man from the construction. He's a man. He's a construction. Yeah.

I don't you don't meet a lot of you don't meet a lot of fucking rock breakers named Giles these days.

He's six eight three fifty and about five years old. Yeah.

I'm going to say my type, but that's hot.

For me, not for you. With you removing you from the context, that's hot to me. To make it even more complicated, it's Paul's uncle. Oh my god. And Paul is this the Paul that's a friend or the Paul that you love. Scott, I feel like you're not listening to me. He's not asking you this.

Well, there's two Paul's. Yes. Three if you include a dishable all over here. That's true. Let's keep me out of it. Please. I am not taking you to prom. Wait, who's Paul? Who's Paul's uncle?

No, which Paul is the young child? Which Paul is the nephew?

Yeah, the uncle of Paul.

Paul is the nephew. It's a different Paul. Oh, a third.

This is our confusion. So Paul, who goes to your high school with you? He's a shoe in for the lead in the musical. Oh, wait, he's going to be. Is it late moves? No, it's Heather's.

Heather's the new. And you keep auditioning to play cassette. Well, I'm hoping that they're going to see my audition and look at me and go, wow, we couldn't imagine anybody else in the role. So, we're going to change the show and change the entire show rather than just the actors. I got the cash I've offered to pay for to change the licensing fees.

Good. And why haven't they taken you up on this? Because it's going to take me a few weeks to get it from the drama. Oh, okay. Got it. Yeah, yeah. Oh, man, well, I got to say, Susie, too, man. You're a very interesting person. I'm so glad you dropped by, but we have to take a break. Does that surprise you? Am I allowed to go into the hallway for a little bit? Is that door going to get in?

No, you're not. Okay. We're amazing. Yes, I'm okay with a break. We do have to take a break. And but can you stick around?

Me? Yeah. Yeah. I am talking to you. Yes. Okay. I feel like she's not listening. Yeah. You're the one not listening. I got to go. Oh, no, no, stick around.

Yeah, we have a break. But when we come back, we have more Andy Rector. We have more intern, Gino. We have this teenager, Susan, and human.

He's beside me. There you go. All right. I'd love to hear that during the break if you could.

Nothing. All right. All right. We'll be right back with more comedy band make after this roll ads.

Comedy band being we're back. Andy Rector is here. Three questions. Oh, sorry. I'm still choked up from that song. Oh, it was gorgeous. I thought she wasn't going to. Holy shit. Yeah. Just the first line over and over and over. I got to re-goss my fucking.

Did you think I couldn't do it or I wouldn't do it? Both. Okay. Yeah. Just checking. You would refuse and then also be unable to. No, and instead I was too willing. No, you did stop though. So thank you for that. Although we had we had to shut down for about two hours while you did all this. But we're back up and running.

And Andy Rector, the three questions is anywhere you get podcasts. Is that correct or is correct? Have you withheld it from certain places? No, no, no. You can get it anywhere. You get there. It's actually being sold on little flash drives at truck stops. Oh, okay. Great.

I got I got an episode in a bottle at a bodega. It was fucking great. It opened. I thought it's going to be a soba-lizard drink. And then it turns out it's a full episode of three questions with Solomon Giorgio. Oh, amazing. Scott, I wasn't allowed to ask a question. Oh, yeah, please ask Andy a question if you like. Yeah. Well, you did. Oh, no, you're right. You didn't. Okay. Yes.

Well, I guess my question would be something I've been thinking about a lot, which is if you had to put a name between your first name and your last name, what would that name be? Oh, if you know a third name, probably if you had to put a name between your first name and your last name, what would that mean? Oh, that's the middle name. We are weirdly enough. You were on pattern and you weren't here earlier. Scott. Whoa. What the fuck is that? It's me. I'm you. Scott.

Oh, wait, who? What? Who? I'm where? When? Why? How? There were borders questions. Wait a minute.

This can't be young, Scott. This is just a tall white comedian guy. No, no, I'm you when you were 15. Oh my God. A portal just opened up in the studio and this lanky, this lanky, good looking fellow just stepped out of it. What math are you taking algebra? Ah, what a genius. Okay.

I came here today to stop you from doing something today.

You're holding your whole time traveler?

Yes. Yeah. Someone came to me and said today your whole life gets ruined. Oh, as an adult, man, start talking about how hot a 15 year old is. Oh, you're a little late.

And every what? Yeah. Don't even worry. I'm not 15. I'm 14.

Oh, oh, oh, wow. No, you're young for a sophomore, I guess. Your birthday December. When you like to know, Scott.

I'm too late. I missed it. You missed it. Oh, I'm so sorry.

Classic. Do you want to take off that messenger bag full of comic books? It seems like it's so heavy. It's affecting your posture. Yeah, your, you know, that matters to me. This is all I have right now. Oh, no. Oh, don't tell me.

They find out about the other thing. Oh, the other thing will find out that we had a dream where we were kissing our mom, but in kind of a like a sexy way. I think they just did. You just said it on Mike. Yeah. What is it? What about Andy Richter's here? Yeah. Do you remember?

Let's see. I'm 29. So this is 14 years ago. He wouldn't have been on TBS yet. This is surprising to know that he's on TBS. I was wondering why the young you is seeping atone.

Wait, no, he's in the prime. He's when I was number one on the call sheet. Yeah. Wow.

You know, Andy, we know Andy Richter. That's when he was a private investigator. We do know Andy Richter. Yeah. Can you believe it? I mean, what an honor. All right. So things are going good for us. I mean, I don't think I'm fine. It's more things are going bad for Andy. Yeah. Exactly.

I mean, and if you use that to measure your own success, which is what something a lot of people do is like, well, at least this person's doing awful. Like I can bounce, you know, and I use that.

Oh, I use that constantly. Yeah, exactly. At least I'm not this fucking guy. Yeah. That's how I get most of my ambition is like that fucking guy. Yeah. Wow.

Typical Andy, right? Yeah. That's what I'm a fan. Andy did one episode of comedy bang bang.

It was like, I gotta get my own.

It's this easy to sit there and let other people fucking answer questions. Yeah. Yeah.

Like the other people make shit up and you just sit there and watch the questions roll in.

Hello, Italy. Hello, three figure salary.

What are we? Are we a radio? Are we a talk show? Yeah. It doesn't. A podcast? Do you know what a podcast? No. No. It's like the radio, but less cool. I don't know if you know what a digital video recorder is, but I consider podcasting to be like DVR'd radio. Yes. You can listen to it.

This is what's crazy because this is blue my fucking eye. I'm a radio major. He probably under Oh, yeah. Tivo. Yeah. Did you know what Tivo was? Or 2001? Oh, no. I think there you know.

Yeah. It's early. Early adopters. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I do. You know who Bruce Springsteen is?

Oh, thank you. He has a great podcast with a guy named Obama who's going to be coming around.

Okay. Is that true? Yeah. Yeah. They did a nice eight episode series or something.

It feels like a lot of. Well, if you come from 2001, you might not like the name of Obama. Yeah. I'd be a little close to something else. I think it's going on in a one. Okay. Oh, all right. You may want to stay here. Can you do? Can you do me a favor? Because you came here to save Scott? Could you pass a message back to 2001 when you get there?

To Mark Wahlberg. Yeah. Tell him to get on the plane and he can he's the only one who can stop it. Oh, until Seth McFarland take the flight. Okay. Yeah. I know Mark Wahlberg. I can.

You know who that is. Yeah. Good vibrations. Everything you know. Where's the time? Where's the time machine located? It's not the real trade center. Is it?

No, no. No. It's not our parents.

Big man. Oh, okay. And that should be goes back and then all of a sudden there's no Ted.

Oh, yeah. How would our lives be different? Wait, I have a question. Would that mean that it didn't work? Because if we know who Seth McFarland is right now, does that mean he went back in time and it didn't work? Oh, well, that's if you subscribe to the traditional single-tail time travel. I can't do that. I can't do this, actually. I'm sorry. I asked the question. I know someone who didn't understand these kind of things the last time they were on the show. Maybe I want to go. I got very confused about it. Yeah. I think as soon as you got enough stuff floating around in there, we don't need to add. Why does a Paul like me? Do you know why Paul doesn't like?

Like her. Yeah. Something that's happening right now. He might be in his father's balls by the time you go back. Or maybe in a coffee cup. Help us on that.

I'll do the Mark Wahlberg thing. I don't know the Seth McFarland. Oh, okay. Around your time, he's singing karaoke. It's the brass monkey here in town. Okay. He actually sees you. He's actually there with a bunch of points. I remember correctly. Okay. All right. Yeah. I'll try that then. Let's see if the little 15-year-old kid with some points there's in the guy saying karaoke to bar.

All right. I'll try that. In my experience, they absolutely will. Might I recommend a short wig and a hat and let you get away with a lot of pain? Yeah. You'd be surprised. Okay. Heart Blanche. Yeah.

Can you change anything about my life? I mean, well, what I was thinking of doing, you tell me because you know, we're the same person, but at this time in our life, I know we really want to be in O-town.

As a little pro-ash factory.

Ashley beat us out. Yeah. Ashley Angel. Yeah. Yeah. He beat us out for that. So I'm just gonna try to go back and see if I could do something to change the narrative. Yeah. Turn him into an actual angel. This is why you have the Pearlman tattoo. I know you love the guy. I didn't know why.

Well, I thought it was funny. It's a pearl necklace because it's around my clavicle.

Then he asked a Pearlman necklace. He asked if he could give me a pearl necklace and I kind of got everything confused. The Pearlman. The F was called love's Pearlman in this time, right? That's what still loves Luprum in this time? No, he's no longer with us.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. And people were excited about that.

Then he passed away. Wow. A lot of stuff. Oh, here's the thing. I wouldn't use my... Oh, I don't even want to explain what the internet is, but I wouldn't do any modern research as to some of your favorite actors. I know your favorite actors. What? The internet?

I didn't have the internet until 2011. Oh, no, no. It was, I mean, back in the 90s, maybe even the 80s was really... Jesus Christ. I was on Prodigy Bolt and Boards in 2010. The band?

Yeah. I was going like, who is the fire star? Complain my game up.

Drew Barrymore. Really? Yeah. Oh, man. I hope he fixed his hair.

Yeah. But is there anything else? He's no longer with us.

Unfortunately. Anything you want to change? I think we could... I mean, yeah, I mean, if you could just... If you ever hear the word podcast, if you could just like stay away from it all, it just go like, I'm not going to do those anymore. I'm going to focus on my writing career, my directing career. I have a pitch. Demand a sequel for Sharktale. Yes. Demand a sequel.

When they tell you no? Okay. All right. Don't take no for an answer. All right.

I'm going to write that down. Sharktale is the fucking nexus of society. If we get Sharktale 2 and God forbid Sharktale 3D, we can get the world back on its fucking axis. Yeah. Tell Jeffrey Katzenberg that 175 million in the theaters and US alone is actually good for where the movie businesses hit. All right. So he's going to wish he had 175 million dollar animated feature, but Will Smith, the Jack Black. Oh, Will Smith? Will Smith? Yeah.

He's well, he's not doing all that great these days. Do we know him? Yeah. We're big friends of his.

Whoa. Holy smokes. Andy Richter. Will Smith. What a life.

What are you complaining about?

I'm more of a Chris Rock guy, so I worked with him on the Oscars. Oh, okay. Fair enough.

So yeah. That won't make any sense to you for quite a number of years. It didn't look like it made much sense to the room. It doesn't make a lot of sense. Did you watch clips before coming in here?

What? No, just this room right here. Oh, okay. There's no reaction when you said it. That's all.

Yeah. Oh, I'm used to that, by the way. By the way. Yeah.

The 20 years that you've. Yeah, that makes sense.

On the break, we'll watch. We'll show you King Richard.

Yeah. So you'll know who Venus is really are. You don't even know who they are. That's what you mean for the context is to watch King Richard. Yeah. And you'll understand everything. It's going to make perfect sense after that.

Did we ever get to sing Les Mis? No, unfortunately, no. I got to watch it a couple of times.

Okay. Yeah. You like Les Mis? Well, yeah, we love it. It's our favorite musical. We love it.

Aside from the music man and sometimes West Side Story, depending on casting. Right. Exactly.

Really? Yeah. Well, sure. Sometimes you see it in an all white city and it feels a little weird watching that one. But then sometimes you go where it's cast a little bit better and it feels like more of a fun production. Wow. What else do you like?

We like all the stuff. We like comic books.

Our favorite color is yeah, of course. Green is purple. I love green and purple. Yeah.

It's very knowledge. Very knowledge. Right. Yeah. Hey, younger me. Yeah. I think you got a shot with this beautiful, beautiful 14 girls. This is what you got smoking hot. A bunch of hot. Yeah.

Oh, you need to back off this guy. I can hear you whispering tears. She's he's really. She's really. You guys should be that close to each other because if you accidentally touch, God knows what can happen. Right. We've been touching under the table.

We've just proved that theory.

I see even young ackerman has wildly long legs. Oh, they're like twirled together like pasta underneath here. What the fuck is going on? It feels comfortable. I don't know. It's like it's like wrapping yourself in a blanket of yourself. I think you could take her into the the earwolf restroom, the one where you can't flush the toilet paper for some reason. And you could maybe, you know, get something going here. You know, I mean, I was a virgin for so, so long. You could change that. Okay. Wow. I would never have to do podcasts anymore. Okay. Yeah. Maybe that's the one I'm here for. Maybe that's why I'm here.

Yeah. Lose your virginity in the future. Okay. Okay. Scott Scott's really rolling the dice here on his younger self. Please. I'm totally having sex. But if you could break the curse of virginity, that would be different for me. Go ahead. Hit her up. Hit her up. This is fucked up. I don't want to be really weird. It's really sound speeds. Hey, yeah. Hi.

You like lemis? Yeah. I love lemis.

This is my favorite musical. Wow. Oh, sorry. My phone is buzzing. Oh, sorry. Do you want me to answer this? Yes, please. Hello. Yeah, I'm still I got a fucking nails. I got hammers. I got to know what we need to get done. Fuck off, Johnny. Okay. Sorry about that. Wow. Well, you have a phone that that small? Yeah. Oh, I'm actually getting it. They got really small for a while and then they gradually are getting bigger and bigger. Oh, weird. It's his president, Seth MacFarlane is solving climate change. That's pretty exciting. Wow.

President Seth MacFarlane. Seth MacFarlane.

No, we said tell him to get on the plane. Oh, but still that means I must have done something. So, maybe Seth MacFarlane stopped 9-11. Oh, yeah. That's what we learned about in school. So much better instead of having 9-11, we'll have more. He's dead.

He'll be present. As a lifelong new you looker, I can't believe I'm going to root for the fucking Florida pilot class.

I can't wait for the crooning fireside chance. Oh, boy.

More than the 16-teds that we have that we have to learn about in history class. Oh, my God. The whole our whole reality is changing.

Wow. The TCU. Oh, my God. Wait, let me check my penis.

Nothing different. You never see on the deal? What? How do you think sex happens? Your penis changes as you get older? It's even more satisfying. You know more about sex than I do? No, I know the exact same. Maybe you lost the knowledge. It's 8-7 Eastern time. We got to sing the National Anthem. It seems today, like, on your seat.

It's time to be the world's first day of the day.

The world's first day of the day.

I just checked while we were singing. I looked at my dick to see if it changed, and I have tattooed the words, giddy giddy giddy down my shed.

Oh, no.

So, but I have normal human balls and they're full of cum, Scott.

So when it's off, it just says GG.

And I show it after I play pick up basketball.

So everyone knows I'm just saying good game.

By the way, this is a podcast. That's another definition.

We talk about penises and balls a lot.

God, yeah. It's something everything happened to all this stuff happened to everyone, except for us. We're the exact same.

We're exactly the same. Well, I don't know.

I wish you could change my life, but it looks like I'm locked in here.

Well, Andy, that's one thing I've always wanted to ask you.

Sure.

What's your middle name?

Oh, no. We covered this already.

Yeah.

I can't do any.

No, you're not going to find out for another 20 years.

No, I changed it. I changed it to Jay.

Just so it's because I work since I work for Jay now.

I, uh, Can I just say?

The timeline is, the timeline is wow.

Yeah, yeah.

I just can't be plays based for Jay.

I play based for his band and I shine the fan boat.

That's what I do.

As a comedian, your time on that show was really important to me.

It taught me that comedy is not.

Thank you. You're a comedian now?

Well, it taught me that comedy is not for everybody, and I should maybe do something else.

Oh, okay. What do you do now?

It kind of inspired Susie to get into denim and then construction.

Yeah. What's your life like now, Susie?

Me?

Yeah. Yes, you.

I'm listening.

I bet your life's way less complicated.

Pretty simple, actually.

I'm a teenager and I go to school and then also I'm a team formant on a construction site.

And then also my stepdad, Frank, unfortunately passed away in a really unfortunate mall-related accident. And so now I run his pyramid scheme.

Oh, wow.

What's a mall-related accident?

What falls under that category?

A bunch of jeans that the gap fell on it.

Oh, no, low-rise jeans.

Yeah.

So, more like no-rise jeans.

Oh, yeah. Exactly.

All right, Keith.

Yeah. All right, Keith.

Nice to know our friend.

Yeah.

But are you with, you know, what's his name?

Kevin?

Paul.

Oh, yeah, with Kevin.

Oh, there's a Kevin.

We need to talk about Kevin.

Yeah, the three Kevin's in my life, the mean Kevin from the drama program, my best friend, Kevin G, and then Kevin Gari.

What about checkers?

Yeah.

Uh, check.

Check.

Yeah, he decided that he was going to get into the visual arts.

Oh, okay. Which visual arts are we talking about?

Uh, painting.

Oh, okay.

That's the most visual.

Yeah.

Okay.

One of the most visual hands down.

Well, it's so weird.

It seems like my life is the only one that changed with the- With the going back and stopping 9-11.

This is focused on her.

And I did everything- I'm sorry.

I shouldn't have told you to try to hit on her.

God, I fucked everything up.

The last thing I remember is you said, come in the bathroom with me and I elbowed you in the nose.

Oh, no.

At least your nose looks better.

And then you put- Then you put- held the tissue to your nose.

Then you flush the tissue down the toilet.

Oh, no.

Oh, and it created a space-time continuum skip.

And now who knows where the fucking universe is going to land.

By the way, do you have a time machine to get back?

Or are you stuck here now?

Oh, no.

Oh, you didn't think about this?

Well, you're a time machine.

You don't think about that.

Oh, sure.

Yeah, you're so excited to go forward and back to the- Solve yourself the thing.

Oh, man.

This is- I think we're coming up on a good sitcom idea here though.

Scott raising his 15-year-old self.

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

I'm a very stern parent, I bet.

Okay. Yeah.

You can teach me all the things that you would have wanted to know when you were a kid.

Sure, yeah.

I don't know.

And it was there any lessons that went- And she got all you said, I wish I would have known that sooner.

Oh, well, you know, a different- Except the sex thing definitely.

Yeah, always wipe.

Oh, okay.

Always wipe.

Oh, no matter what.

Yeah.

Not 50% of the time, not when you want to wipe.

I'm starting to learn that one.

A good one too is like when you're pushed down the stairs, tuck your chin and keep your elbows close to your body.

Oh, don't fail.

Yeah, exactly.

Just because you- Because if you're going to be Scott ockerman for the next, however many years of your life, you will be shoved down multiple faces.

Yeah, exactly.

You know, just listen to the whole, always wear sunscreen song.

Yeah, yeah.

That takes care of it.

That was out already when you- I think so.

Oh, but it's out now.

So, and since you're stuck here, you'll hear it.

Okay, perfect.

You may have to chase it down and- You can listen to it on your android.

Everybody's phone.

The phone that everybody uses.

Yeah, why?

I wonder what happened in the past where we all have android.

Dude, Seth McFarland stopping 9-11 has fucked up.

Everything is- Everything is- Everything is- Cats and dogs living together.

Yeah, it's fucking twisted.

I wish you could go back and change everything.

Well, maybe I can.

I was- I was sitting in our parents' basement listening to the new Moolan Roo song, you know, for the hit movie.

When- When all of a sudden, the power of the Four Queen singing came together, and it was- It helped me transport through time.

Oh, okay.

So maybe if the four of us sing together, is that- Did we do that already?

Maybe that's what caused me to be here.

I don't know.

Yeah, but we didn't know the words.

Yeah.

And I was singing with you that time, the national anthem that we all kind of hummed, but didn't know.

Yeah, I was in on that too.

No, believe it or not.

That was five feet.

Oh, it goes.

Really?

Yeah.

Yeah, you really want to half-ass it.

Strangely, I still have never seen an episode, even in this reality.

I think it's against the law, though.

Yeah.

Do you watch an episode or do not watch an episode?

Yeah, it's not watching an episode.

Yeah.

Think I'm a felon?

That means you've never been to church.

Oh my god.

I don't even know what that is.

Me neither.

It's just in my fucking brain.

I can't stop saying it.

Oh, wait a minute.

You know what?

We have an ear wolf time machine.

We do?

Yeah, it's right over here.

Oh, heck you.

Are you still allowed to use it?

Or you got to use the CBB world?

I got to go through the machine.

Serious channels.

I got to run out of the chain.

I got to ask Dr. Rod Dogg himself, the head of Rod Dogg company.

Yeah.

Hey, can you call Dr. Rod Dogg Kevin?

Devon?

We're not talking about Kevin.

Devon?

Hey, he's doing the home alone.

But if you're wondering why he's shouting that, it's because he's slapping his cheeks.

Devon.

You know the famous part in Home Alone when Kevin McAllister slaps his cheeks and yells his own name.

Look, I'm just going to clear this.

OK, you can please go back and tell Seth McFarlane not to get on the plane.

Maybe if we all sing Mulan Rouge, it'll send both Scots back in time.

No, I don't want to go back in time.

I don't want to fucking sit here and keep listening to you.

Yeah, I'm running.

What do you think you're going to be the host of the show if I can sit back?

No way.

This guy's got fucking three questions lined up and ready to rock.

I'll engineer all this shit.

Shit.

All right, I'll go back with you.

OK.

All right.

I like this.

This is the worst thing we've possibly been able to do.

Let's say it's going to scare the shit out of your parents.

OK.

They don't notice.

Look, we can ignore two people at once.

Yeah.

Let's do it after our final feature, though.

OK, because we were running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

That's a little something called plugs.

Here's the thing.

Well, here's the thing.

Here's the thing.

Now, here's the thing.

It's clobberin time.

That's the thing.

That was the thing.

That was Here's the Thing by Chris Finkey.

Seems like they took every time anyone said, Here's the Thing on the show.

And then put clobberin time.

Clobberin time by the.

Yeah, interesting.

Thanks so much to Chris Finkey for that.

All right.

What do we plug in Andy?

What do you have here?

Obviously three questions.

Is out there in the world.

It's been going now for about approximately two years or so.

Or no.

Longer than that, but I'm not good at that sort of thing.

Okay, maybe three years.

Come on up on the third anniversary.

Three years, something like that.

Yeah, there's the three questions.

And then I don't know.

You know, I've been in things, but now I don't know what our present reality is.

So I don't know what to plug.

Is New York Minute still a thing that you're in?

I believe.

Yeah, that will not go away.

Okay.

That survives in all time.

Well, you got it.

You got to remember the low notes.

So the high notes really sing.

You know, I did two hours of work on that movie.

I'll tell you the story.

Oh, that's right.

Oh, I think we talked about it.

I'm just waiting for that one to get me canceled.

Oh, really?

Yeah, I do a like Charlie Chan Chinese accent.

Oh, dear.

Okay, let's not have that.

In the plug bag at all?

I'll see if I can go back.

Thank you.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

See if you can stop the Olsen twins.

Good luck.

Just stop you from doing their movie.

Yeah.

Because you just stopped me.

I needed the money.

Yeah, that's true.

Young Scott Ockerman kills Mary Kayne.

It's like, Olsen.

Miss Red the assignment.

Yeah.

Gino, anything you want to plug?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

You know, I don't really have much going on, but one of my favorite Long Island comedians after...

Oh, this has got to be Alec Baldwin.

Yeah, it's after Alec Baldwin.

Yeah, it's after Alec Baldwin, one of my favorite Long Island comedians and stuntmen.

And I just got to get bumping down to the second best guy.

You know, go past Jerry, Eddie.

Sure.

All the way down.

Tim Dillon.

You get down below that.

Dr. J.

You got John Gabris.

This guy is fucking great.

Oh, the original Dr. J.

Yeah, and he thought it was Gabbris.

You know, he apparently just leans into the gay stuff, because it's like...

It helped him be bullied in like seventh grade.

Game of the developer we was.

Yeah.

Yeah, and like...

Why, what's he up to?

I mean...

He's actually...

It turns out he's hosting a travel show with Adam Palley on True TV.

So if you happen to live in a hospital waiting room or another place that has True TV, tune in on July 14th at 10.30 pm, because that's the premier episode.

Okay, so that's a hundred and one places to party before you die.

Wow, it's a little far away from there right now, but set your DVRs right now, and maybe you'll come back and talk about it.

Yeah, maybe I'll come back, because you know, John texted me, he's like, do me a favor, you've got to gas me up.

I'm on True.

I don't know what the fuck, where my life is going and shit.

So I came in here, just try to fucking get a pop in office.

All right, fantastic.

No, and thank you for that.

Oh, of course, Intern Geno, and Susie Tumen, what do you want to bring here?

Just say a little prayer for me.

I got a math test on Tuesday, and then after that, I got to lay off a bunch of guys right before Christmas, because they're trying to get healthcare.

Oh, geez.

This is really before Christmas, by the way.

This is six months or so.

Yeah, but I got to gear up for it.

Oh, okay.

Wait, you're doing it right before Christmas, and you're just like gearing up for it?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I've decided I'm going to do it, just because it's more fun that way.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

And I guess if you really want to do something, you can follow at VICM, I see it across all social media platforms, if you really feel like it.

If you really want to do something.

Yeah, okay.

And young me, what...

I've only been here for like a couple minutes, but I already know that one of the greatest improv shows in all of Los Angeles.

Well, so you're into improv.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, I was like, oh, if you like improv, you're going to love 2000s.

That's when people gave a fuck about it.

Right, yeah.

I'll get ready.

Does it still like it?

Yeah, yeah.

The people who do it love it.

Yeah.

People are, people now they feel like it's just better if you write things down.

Okay, all right.

Well, maybe take that note.

Maybe not.

We'll see.

My God, I'm betting it's a no.

There's this great show in LA called Holy Shit Improv.

You can follow them at Holy Shit Improv on Instagram.

They do shows every Monday.

They've had groups like Big Grande, they've had Lauren Lapias, Carl Tarte, all your favorites.

You can watch it online or in person every Monday.

Holy Shit Improv, check it out.

Okay, great.

I want to plug obviously the Comedy Bang Bang tour is coming up all of August, August 1st through 28th.

We're going to be hitting all of your favorite cities if you like the cities that we're going to.

And from Minneapolis to Toronto, everywhere in between, we're doing it all of August.

So head over to CBBWorld.com.

There's a tour page where you can get ticket links.

And then while you're there at CBB World, obviously there's a lot of shows happening.

We have Scott Hasn't Seen and The Andy Daily podcast project.

And CBB presents a lot of good ones coming out lately.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you open up.

The plug bag.

We're opening up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

There you go.

I open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Cause I like you again.

Then you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

I played the short version.

Yeah. Wow.

That was the 202 closing up the plug bag theme by John Astonish.

Thank you so much to John Astonish.

Now, Gino, you took care of headphones.

We got six more months.

That's for all of 2022.

For the first movie of the groundhog.

Yeah, you saw a shadow.

So we got six more months of it.

Guys, I want to thank you so much, Andy.

So great to see you.

Thank you for coming on.

Thank you for seeing you.

A fellow podcaster, of course, and a fellow broadcasting legend.

Yes, one of the Mary Few.

And Intergino, of course.

Boba Bowie.

Yes, you got it out.

Say, oh no, by the way.

This is the oh no era, by the way.

You haven't said oh no, the entire time.

Oh no.

Okay. Thank you so much.

Susie Tuman, great.

Yes, you go.

Okay.

Yes, I'm talking to you.

And I'm listening to you.

Thank you so much.

Scott, thank you.

All right.

And Scott, young Scott.

Should we do it?

Do you want to go on one last adventure?

Let's do it.

Let's go back in time.

And then Andy can take over the show.

Okay.

And Gino, you'll no longer.

I'm busy.

You're busy.

Yeah, I got some shit to do.

Rhett, what are you doing?

I don't want to get into it, but I got a job at Stump Town, Cream and Coffee's.

Oh, so I got to stay yakked up on Sea Alice and fucking THC and all this stuff.

A little bit of red wine, all this stuff to get you a little Randy.

All right.

Are you also only coming in every four months for that job?

I'm coming in and I'm being fucking empty.

That's for sure.

Suzy, you want to come back in time with us?

I know.

Thank you.

Okay.

All right.

Well, let's do this.

You're ready.

Let's go lose our Virginities together.

Okay.

I'm starting up the time machine.

What lucky woman will get to fuck the same man that is 20 years age?

Do you want to double team anyone?

Back then?

Like a weird, peppy challenge.

I'd love to.

I pushed it through.

Oh my god.

I'm staying here.

You're never going to take my show from me, Andy.

What?

I knew this was a big plot on your, you brought the time machine in here to begin with.

I already told Jay.

You and Jay together?

Yeah, we were going to do it together.

This sucks.

Young Scott seemed more chill.

You see, let's say I had that.

Fuck you, Gina.

He throws me in.

Gina, I pushed him back in time too.

Oh no.

And I'll do it.

They pushed me back.

They had a 30 second interaction with someone from 2000.

Seth McFarland pushed you back.

I was like, Yay, yay, yay, yay.

He shot me right in the chest.

Gina, where are you from?

I'm from Long Island.

What?

No.

I'm, my brain is telling me I'm from Maplewood, New Jersey.

Oh no.

Oh, oh.

Oh, he's putting his mouth.

No, no, no, no.

He's just, Well, don't play the closet up the blood bag, saw it, please.

No, no, no, no.

I'm a cowboy.

I'm a steel horse.

I ride.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Go show, show, show, show, show.

See you swap.

And cut audio and the episode.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.
