♪♪♪ The enemy of my enemy is my Chandler.

Okay, Phoebe too.

Who am I kidding?

Get those other four rascals in here.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Very nice.

Alvaro Mendez.

Thank you so much to Alvaro Mendez for that wonderful catchphrase submission.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

June is certainly busting out all over.

None can dispute that.

We are smack dab in hump week of June and welcome to it.

My name is Scott Ockermann and we have an incredible podcast show for you to listen to today.

If you're into podcast shows, come here a little later we have a traveler, a traveler, interesting.

Okay.

I wonder to when, when's or where they have traveled?

We also have an author, an author, a wonderful.

I love the printed word.

Be it on screens or be it on the page.

We will certainly be talking to them about that.

And, but first, before we get to it, you know, we used to have celebrities on the show.

In fact, we had one, Andy Richter, Andy Richter is now one of the only celebrities I know socially.

So he agreed to come on the show.

We no longer get celebrities.

Instead, we have our guest in A-block here is someone in the custodial services.

That's right.

A fucking plumber is our lead off guest here.

Oh, I'm a celebrity.

The plumbing circle.

Oh, the plumbing circles.

Okay.

Where did you be?

I walked the red carpets.

They call them the shit carpets.

Are they the brown carpets really?

No, they call them the shit carpets.

We like to really reclaim shit.

You know what?

You want to introduce me.

Yeah, I probably do want to introduce you.

Look, I have no other information other than your name.

So, and what's that silky smooth in names?

Okay, well, here we go.

I'll really try to stretch it out in order to take the time I would normally do with an injury.

So what am I credit?

I have none of your credits.

I don't know what toilets you've plunged.

At the broad.

I've plunged toilets at the broad.

At the broad, really.

That's right, Scott.

And the Getty.

Broads before hodes, right?

That's right.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Frankie Flush.

That's right, Scott.

My name is a Ferenke Flush.

Frankie Flush.

And is that a, not a nom de plume or a, not a stage name, but a, what do you call it when you're a plumber and you take someone like a different name?

There's got to be a term for that.

A plum de prune?

A plum de prune.

Yes, Scott.

No, it is not my mother's last name was Flush.

Was it?

And that's right.

And did it turn into something else or is she dead?

Because you said was.

She, Scott.

She got remarried at J.

Oh, thank God.

Oh, I was sweating bullets on that one.

I didn't want another Silver Sun pick up situation.

No, no, it's Williamson now.

If you recall, I asked about his father who died in the last two weeks.

Pretty bad idea to ask about anyone's parents who's over 30.

But thank goodness she's just remarried.

Is it a happy remarriage?

Look, I haven't seen her in a while.

She lives in New York.

She was your father dead.

Oh, my dad's dead, too.

But he died 35 years ago, Scott.

35 years ago in a mysterious plumbing accident.

How old of a man are you?

Oh, well, that would make me 45, Scott.

OK, when you were 10 years old, that's a tough situation to do.

But I've done a lot of better help online therapy.

OK, good.

Well, you know, it's really simple.

It's really simple.

It's a normal therapy.

Because you don't have to go affordable.

Yeah.

It's not cheaper.

Yeah, you don't have to drive anywhere.

You don't even have to look at their faces.

You don't know.

In fact, you can demand they put on a blindfold.

That's true.

I didn't end a dog collar.

Yeah.

You could also go into their office and stand back to back with them and say, let's walk 10 paces nude.

And then you turned around and tell me what's wrong with me.

Scott, thank you for having me here.

Welcome for being here is what I was about to say.

Thank you for being here as well.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

Now, I've got a bone to pick with you right off the way with me.

That's right.

I'm sorry.

Maybe you don't know who I am.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

I've been hosting this for 13 years or so.

We're actually taping this on the 10th anniversary of the Comedy Bank television show.

I'm more of a television personality movie director who podcasts on the side.

That's interesting.

So, I don't think you have any bone to pick with me because we don't run the same kind of stuff.

Well, Scott, you have fired one of the first shots in a long time in the plumbing wars, Scott.

The plumbing wars.

That's right.

Scott.

A little gentleman who I like to call a little gentleman named Mike Ruby, the no-stank plumber on this podcast.

Oh, Mike Ruby.

You have.

He's been on the show once.

I think he's been on twice.

He's made a huge impression that I got to say this guy is a dirt bag.

Scott, I hate this guy.

A dirt bag like our other friend Rudy North.

I don't know what you think about that.

Sorry.

I don't know what you think about what I want.

Okay.

So, what happened?

I heard on the show that there was a guy named Mike Ruby who I happened to know as one of the biggest sleaze bags in plumbing history.

Really?

He was on your show promoting his plumbing company.

Well, who's do you want him to be promoting?

Well, he should be promoting the idea of plumbing in general.

The idea.

Wait, like the National Milk Council?

That's right.

He's a member of the plumbing council.

He should be on here talking about keeping a toilet fresh and regulated.

I'm sure that came up.

Instead, he comes on and he starts throwing shade at every other plumbing company by saying he's the only plumbing company that will not have any state.

Okay, hold on.

Hold on.

So, you're saying that when someone appears on a talk show, like our good friend Adam Scott, he goes on the the the the the the the the Conan.

Oh, wait, no, Conan doesn't have a talk show anymore.

He's got a five million from podcasting.

So the podcast.

Um, uh, but when he goes on the Jay Leno show or what have you.

I haven't seen anything like that, but I'm pretty sure he should be promoting the just idea of television, television, the television.

Yeah, cause he's not really in that many movies currently.

He's a TV.

So, okay.

So now it seems like you're slamming him.

I hope he's not listening.

No, no, no, please don't be listening.

I mean, the guy, I mean, look, let's be honest.

Yes.

Severance is a huge show.

He took his shot in movies.

Listen, listen, the aviator.

He was close.

Some people say the prestige, like that.

That's ring television these days.

That's true.

Sometimes people would say, well, you know, television shows are just the quality that movies are.

That's right.

And if you're not in some Marvel movie, you're not going to be a being.

Yeah, exactly.

Although my mother would counter and say that television shows are now too dark, meaning they're the way they're shot.

Yeah, cause you got to turn off all the lights in your house and be like, is a motion tracking on to something?

Exactly.

Yeah.

Back in the day, during home improvement days, all the lights in your house can be on.

You can see anything.

Wilson would stand behind his weird fence and you could see the light shining off his forehead.

Wilson from Castaway?

No, Wilson from, wait, is it Wilson?

Wilson from Home Improvement at the...

Wilson!

No, he was the neighbor whose face you never saw.

No, that's right.

Yeah.

Did we ever get to see his face?

No, because in the final episode where they went out and did a curtain call, he wore a little fake fence right?

A fake fence.

That's right.

And you know how I know that because I've watched it several times because the band plays burning down the house.

Yes, yes.

By the talking heads.

Anytime you're doing your talking heads research, you're like, all right, I gotta watch this together.

And I auditioned for that episode, that particular episode.

Didn't you?

The final episode.

Could you imagine you would have met the talking heads themselves?

Why?

Well, no, they didn't play it.

It was the Home Improvement Band.

They didn't bring it David Byrne.

What was his name?

Al Bundy, who was his sidekick?

Oh, God.

If this isn't Scott Essen Seed, okay?

What are we talking about me?

What the hell is Scott Essen Seed?

Oh, I just shouldn't have thought.

I don't have time for that shit.

Listen, I'm here to set the record straight.

Oh, okay.

First of all, Mike Ruby and the No Stag Plumbers, those are not the only plumbers that do not smell Scott.

Okay, do you realize what he meant by Do Not Smell?

He meant there is not a disgusting odor coming off, not that they are a No, I know.

I know.

I smell good Scott sniff me.

All right.

If you really want me to get in there.

Just normal at least normal.

Yeah, I mean, it's like a baseline.

I wouldn't say you smell good.

Yeah, I didn't put on a collod to ask body spray, anything, but I do smell fine.

You smell fine.

You smell like a human being.

I mean, I would say you smell like flesh and flesh.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's a weird thing for you to say.

I'm going to scoot a little bit.

Unburned flesh.

All right.

That's pretty strange.

Look, Scott, I of course, one of the brothers of flush brothers plumbing.

You are, of course, that.

What am I supposed to know that?

You've seen the trucks driving around the greater Los Angeles area.

I guess maybe.

The flush brothers.

I edit those out of my consciousness.

Why?

Scott, because he'll like, you know, if I'm out on the road, I only want to be looking at porsches and Teslas.

Interesting.

You know, I don't want to see all of the service.

You don't see big white vans that say flush brothers.

I guess I haven't.

All right.

Well, let me feel your twins is how he said.

Well, we were twins.

Oh my God.

Did one of them get remarried?

No.

He got facial reconstructive surgery.

Face off.

That's what he took.

He took his face off after he had an accident at a Bush Gardens Tampa, Florida.

No.

He tried to stand up on the Montau roller coaster.

No.

Oh, this was not plumbing related.

No, no, no.

This was just trying to fix the roller coaster.

Like, no, is there a hole in the bottom of the roller coaster?

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, because if that was a professional job, this would never have happened.

My brother was a little bit of a showboat and he wanted to stand up when they did the little flash photography when you go on the big dip.

No, you can't do that.

So he stood up and he got a seagull to the face.

A seagull.

That's right.

Oh my God.

And he had to change his face so we're no longer twins.

We're no longer brothers.

We're no longer talking.

So wait, he didn't try to change.

He didn't try to reconstruct his face as close as possible to what he was.

He had to change.

He said, this is a pretty good opportunity to get away from being this ugly ass motherfucker.

When God closes the door.

He opens another face.

So who did he look like?

Well, now he kind of looks like Roger Moore.

Oh, the second James, the third James, the third James, I have no idea.

Unless you're counting David Niven and all the people.

Wait, this is not Scott.

This is not Scott.

Which I don't even know what that is.

So wait, okay.

So I'm a look, I'm a flush brother by heart and plumber by trade.

And so we'd heal it.

He's a plumber who looks like Roger Moore.

Yeah, and he left the company to start his own thing.

Oh, oh, really?

I was going to say he would be a panty dropper when he shows up to some of these shit stains.

Maybe houses.

I don't know if I don't know if when Roger Moore comes up, the first thing you think is panty dropper.

I mean, he was good looking at it.

I think you think like old movie kind of grizzly.

Look at him now.

Maybe by the track.

If Roger Moore, you know, at 30.

How old are you?

You're 45.

If Roger Moore at 45 were to come to your house and you didn't know he was a plumber.

So he's like some handsome 45 year old.

I would say that would be a panty dropper.

So you think there aren't other handsome plumbers, Scott?

See, this is why you need a representative from the Plumbing Council on your shows.

Okay.

Yeah.

Teach me because I mean, Mike came in here and he said, all right, first of all, he does this whole thing where he sprays himself with X body spray.

Yeah.

And he goes into your house and he sets it on fire.

If it's not clean, first of all, Scott, that's insane.

That is insane.

And it's a lot to kind of for a new listener.

It's a lot to understand their heads around.

So if this is your first episode, yeah, I feel like that is a, you shouldn't listen to that episode.

If you want to be introduced to plumbing, this is the episode.

So if we have a lot of plumber fans out there, you know, a lot of, you know, we don't have a lot of upscale fans.

No, these, you got fans that clean in toilets, they clean bathrooms.

Exactly.

They got the headphones on.

They're like, ooh, life is so good when I've got Scottia coming up.

That's right.

So if you're interested in the custodial services, yes, talk to you.

So tell us what we need to know.

Mike Ruby has this crazy 11 step process.

Well, you're talking a lot about Mike Ruby and not about what you said you wanted to do.

I got to set the record straight.

Okay.

He came in here with some 11 step process, Scott.

And I'm going to tell you, I could do it nine.

Okay.

Name that tune.

That's right, Scott.

So you want it, you have a nine step process for cleaning toilets.

First of all, I want you to know we are the flush brothers.

Our guarantee is that we are not going to play around in your bathroom.

So that in the, okay.

So that's all our trucks say we will give you your money back.

If you find us, if you like, if you chose to want us and we're in there, we got the plunger in our hand and we're going to play a swords with it.

You're pretending to be ghost.

If we're sitting at the edge of your, your, your tub and we're kicking a feet around and we said, got you, got you.

If you're pretending to take a bath going, look at me.

I'm drowning.

I'm just going to, if I just dunk my foot in your toilet and say toilet foot.

Any of that you can have your money back.

And so people are paying up for it.

I guarantee.

Oh yeah.

Yeah.

You got to pay.

You got to pay because people usually haven't paid at this point.

So you're, you're getting the money.

I'm going to get the money up front.

Okay.

Now Scott, let me walk you through my process.

I hope to please.

So this is in response to my career.

I think this is why distracted my groupie.

Okay.

Here we go.

Nine steps.

Step one, you got to answer the call.

That's the exact step that my groupie started with.

The lady goes, busters answer the call.

It's not.

Scott, that's what you learn in public school, baby.

Okay.

So it's not crazy.

We've not deviated for my groupies process.

It's not crazy that step one is answer the call.

That is something that you always do not.

Of course.

You got to answer the call.

You got to pick it up.

If they call me at home and my cell phone, I'm driving.

I answer the call.

It's the hero's journey.

Do you ever refuse the journey?

That all depends, Scott.

If they don't pay up front, I refuse the call.

Okay.

But then they say, okay, I'll pay you.

And then I'm like, and then I reluctantly go, I'm back in.

Okay.

Great.

I'm thinking I'm back in.

So answer the call.

Very good.

Yeah.

Step two, of course I put on my big boy pants and I put on my tool belt.

Is this my, is this the same as my groupies?

I can't remember.

No, this is patented step number two.

Oh, okay.

So, okay.

You put on your big boy pants, you say?

They've got big overalls on them.

I'm strapping around my shoulders and I say, I'm a big boy.

I'm putting on my tool belt.

Do you sort of look like the Super Mario brothers?

That's how I don't want to hear shit about Super Mario brothers.

Okay.

Because as a brother's plumbing company, that shit has fucked me up for a very long time.

Yeah, I would think you'd have more trouble with Super Mario brothers than you would have.

Well, they're not real plumbers that we have a plumbing war with, Scott.

Right.

Okay.

So step two, we put out and of course our tool belt is strapped tight to our body and all of our tools are not plastic.

Okay.

Some of them are plastic, of course.

Some of them are plastic.

Some of them are little kids toys.

Oh, just to fill it out.

You got to fill out the, you got to.

Oh, okay.

Because it looks weird to have a, like a.

Looks weird to just have one big wrench in there.

Right.

You're one big wrench in a plunger.

That doesn't make any sense.

Right.

You got to fill it out.

Okay.

All right.

Step number three, call a lift.

So you don't have your own, you know that there were vans traveling around.

There are vans.

Those are my, those are my subcontractors.

Of course.

They're just for advertising.

Yeah.

My license was of course revoked back in 2017 for ghost rat and my whip Scott for ghost writing.

Yeah.

What does that mean?

Well, it's a little bit of, it's a little fun fad that they used to have in the 2000, early 2000s where, but you were doing in 2017.

I didn't, I was a little late.

They would play some gangster rap music from your car and you would get out as it was in neutral and let it kind of go forward a little bit.

And then you dance next to it and then you come back in.

Okay.

I remember this.

Yes.

And then a lot of times people would not make it.

With the car.

Yeah.

So I tried to do it when I was getting up to a toll booth and of course I crashed into the, to the ground.

So I now have burned it to the ground.

Oh my God.

I was using diesel fuel by then.

So of course, someone inside it?

No.

It was one of those Amazon.

Oh, thank goodness.

That was very, very relieved that I didn't kill anyone that day.

Yeah.

Oh, that day.

Yeah, we don't, we don't need to.

Oh, okay.

It's got, there's a plumbing war.

Okay.

Well, it's got, there's a plumbing war going on outside.

No man is safe.

This is a podcast.

Don't, don't say anything that you want.

All right.

I would.

Okay.

All right.

I won't say anything.

All right.

Step four.

All right.

So of course I call a lift that step three.

Now step four pretend to be asleep.

See, I don't update my phone because that's how they get you.

Oh, that's how they get you for jury do it.

They get me for jury do you got some date on my phone?

So I'm not voting.

I'm not doing jury.

Do you know that?

Got it.

So of course I have to pretend to be asleep.

So of course that looks a little bit something like this.

I close my eyes.

I lean back and every few minutes I say something random like, no, don't leave that up.

John Grisham.

Hey, no way I'm taking that on.

I say something like that.

So now in your improv, are you dreaming that you're meeting John Grisham or you're at a library and they're out of John Grisham?

What do you who's to say Scott?

You are because you're this has got to be motivated.

Who's to say?

Okay.

All right.

Now, now it generally we're up to step four.

You haven't gotten to the place yet.

And you said you could do it at nine.

Scott, I'm telling you, plumbing is something you go to school for.

You learn.

You're not just some freaking asshole like Mike Ruby just going into the room.

He's going to houses and setting them on fire.

He didn't go to school.

He didn't learn.

I don't know.

I've not see I've asked for his birth certificate and his college certificate.

I've not seen either.

Now step five at the house.

I tipped the lift drive a cash.

Why?

I like to be a nice guy.

I think cash is a little bit and they don't have to report it.

They don't have to report it.

They can keep it off the app.

I give them a little cash.

We can get some gas a little bit later.

Okay.

All right.

So we've just arrived.

We only have four more steps.

Okay.

I think I'll be able to help.

Okay.

Are you sure?

Have you ridden these out in advance?

No, Scott.

Okay.

This is off the top of your head.

Scott, these are the nine commandments of the flush process.

I don't want your ninth step to be like a run on sentence where it's like a bunch of commas and you're like, and then I do this and I do this and then I do this and then I do this and then I do this.

Well, we'll have to see Scott.

All right.

Now, of course step number six, ask the customer to point me in the direction of the stake.

Okay.

That's very.

That is the exact same step that Mike Ruby has.

Again, that's something that we learned.

I don't know where he learned it.

Maybe from a YouTube video or something.

Right.

Was there a rhyme that we had or was that for step eight?

I can't remember.

Scott, I think you'll see where this is.

Okay.

Here we go.

All right.

So they point you in the direction of direction, which is usually within the belly of the house.

Hopefully because if it's not, sometimes we've got to get into a car, go to a guest house or something.

A car to a guest house.

No, I did Shannon Sharp's house one time.

Okay.

No, he's got a lot of guest houses.

So they point me in the direction of the stink.

Of course, I start to walk in that direction.

Is that a step?

No, those are the same step.

Okay.

And is that going to get me all ready?

We're like combining step.

All right.

Step number seven, Scott, get to the bathroom, check out the mess in there.

And of course, look at the plunger and say, Oh, no, not today, sir.

Okay.

That seems like three steps.

But okay.

It's one, it's one.

Because you walk in and you find the plunger almost right away and I say, not today.

Sir, wait, you're using their plunger?

Sometimes.

Okay.

Because I'm not going to carry a shitty plunger on my bill.

I mean, that is a good point.

Like if I were a plumber, I would probably say, do you have your own plunger?

And you know what?

Because I don't want to like take one.

I don't generally just use a plunger.

I feel like they've already tried that.

Yeah.

Plunger is like, yeah, yeah.

But I just need to make sure that I don't go in there, pick up the plunger, start putting it where my crotch is and saying, look how big my dick is.

Look how big my dick is.

Okay.

Because that would be absolutely would trigger a money back guarantee.

Okay.

And I would have to Venmo them back.

Okay.

The $600.

Okay.

$600 is what this is.

That's right.

Well, I'm the best plumber in Los Angeles.

Okay.

So no matter what it is, you charge $600 if it's a small job, a big job.

That's right.

Okay.

So that's a good deal.

Or is that a deposit?

It's $600.

And then if I have to buy tools and equipment like that stuff.

Okay, got it.

Because sometimes I have to buy extra tools when I get there.

Scott, you didn't go to school for plumbing so you don't go.

Okay.

I beg your pardon.

All right.

So we're at what?

Step seven?

Yes.

We have one more step.

Now, of course, step eight is disassociate.

Scott.

Okay.

That's right.

I remember now.

There's a rhyme.

I don't.

Disassociate.

Now, I don't want to go into there and actually touch like gross poop stuff or like smell urine or anything.

Right.

So I basically disassociate.

How do you do that?

Do your eyes roll back in your head?

Eyes roll classic.

Eyes roll back in my head.

My tongue flops out to the side.

I fall down.

Wow.

Like you're a dog.

Exactly.

I go, and then I just knock my head on the counter and hope and then we get to step nine, Scott.

And this is the final patented step.

Okay.

Final patented step.

Wake up.

Hope the bathroom is clean.

If not, I'll also give you your money back.

Okay.

Now, yeah.

And this is what I asked Mike Ruby when he was on the show.

Are you the one who supposedly cleans it?

Like when you've disassociated or you're hoping someone came in, cleaned it up around you and then you woke up?

Who's to say?

Scott.

How often does this happen?

Who's to say?

Look, Scott happens every time.

It's nine steps.

You're asking a lot of questions.

Not a lot of my customers ask because I've got a 75% rating.

Oh, with everyone.

So wait, this is a C.

Isn't it?

Yeah.

It's not three out of four.

You have a 75%.

It's a C rating.

Okay.

Well, a lot of the plumbers in Los Angeles involved in the Plummy Wars, all kind of hover around the C, C plus rating.

So C is very good.

Okay.

I don't think so.

If you were to, like, if you ever go into a restaurant, which I don't know if you have enough money to do, I don't know what plumbers make, but...

Okay, Scott.

I've got it in and out of my basement.

What?

That's right, Scott.

A lot of people have like bowling alleys.

You have a hole in an out.

Focusing in and out.

Do you have the secret menu?

You know I could get an animal style.

Could I get a four by four?

It depends.

Well, you do have to still wait in about a 30 minute long.

Oh, no.

Really with a guy with a pad coming up to you?

He's like, what do you want?

I don't know.

Do you put the John 3 16 at the bottom of your cups too?

That's right, Scott.

What are you hoping to do with that?

Well, you know I want to convert people to the ways of the Lord.

Okay, understandable.

Now, Scott, I'm glad I was able to set that straight.

By the way, how does this work?

Because it's on the bottom of the cups.

I don't think I've ever looked at the bottom of my cup.

Is it for people you're eating with?

You tip the drink.

Oh, by the way, you would think they would not give you straws then because no one will ever see the bottom of the cup.

Unless people are tipping it up to drink the last straws.

I believe it is because they want the message to be sent to Satan.

Oh, so pointing downwards.

So you can get a whole 360.

So it's like a big fuck you to him of like he's looking up there going like, God damn it.

Look at all these people eating in an out- It's so pissed.

Saint John 3 16 everywhere.

Because everywhere.

You do know that Satan is of course connected to Burger King.

No.

You didn't know that?

Is he?

Wait, the King of the underworld?

The King of the underworld.

Yes.

God, how have you not know that?

You're a pretty dumb guy.

I don't know that I need to come on the show to hear that.

I can stay home.

Oh, your wife agrees.

What's got?

Look, I just want to say I'm glad I was able to put it.

Put it out there.

I just want all the other plumbers.

So you're calling this a success?

Yes.

But you just did.

Yes.

Okay.

Because I don't want the other plumbers out there to come at me with violence, Scott, because the plumbing war is right now in Los Angeles since Mike Ruby's been on your podcast.

Was that the trigger?

That was the trigger.

It was sort of the first shot.

Insiding incident.

There has been a lot of plumbing violence around the city, Scott.

No.

A lot of the companies around the city have been sort of choosing sides and fighting a war.

I don't know that could be one, Scott.

Okay.

Wow.

Well, this is I mean, that's it sounds like a terrible situation.

It is.

What exactly happens during the plumbing war?

Well, of course, we all remember when Gary Cinkeman, the sink king, the sink king.

The sink king.

He does exclusively sinks.

Yeah.

He, of course, strangled Roger Ruder to death.

Is that your ex, twin brother?

No, that's not Roger Ruder.

No, no, no, no.

He's just Los Angeles plumbing.

Oh, okay.

Oh, wait.

So he has his own thing coming going on.

He's got his plumbing.

And look, he's a part of the we're on opposite sides right now.

Oh, really?

That I'm on the side of ice and he's on the side of fire.

What are the two different positions here?

Like, because I don't know what's the, what's the actual argument that you guys are having?

The argument right now is which plumbers reign supreme?

Oh, okay.

So it's a typical, like we're better than you.

That's right.

Scott, do you want me to tell you about some of the plumbers in this greater Los Angeles area?

I see you holding your phone up as if to read something off a list.

I don't know what you're talking about.

So sure, hit me.

Of course, I've already mentioned Roger Ruder and Gary Cinkeman.

Of course.

Of course, you got Mary Munger, queen of all plungers.

You got big top toilets and more.

And the more is a freak show.

What?

The more is a freak show.

These are their taglines.

So I'll be telling you what they are.

The more is a freak show?

Because it's big top toilets and more.

Oh, where the more is a freak show.

A freak show?

That's right.

So they're doing big top plumbing.

But they also have a freak show.

It's kind of like a circus with a freak show.

Like the Jim Rome kind of thing where people are like nailing their penis to their chin.

Yeah, you've got the bearded plumber.

Right.

You've got all that kind of stuff.

Interesting.

Of course, you've got 24 hour plumbers.

Let us spend the night.

That's the catchphrase.

Oh, it's 24 hours because they have to get out.

They finish the job in 16 hours and then they want to sleep at your place.

They want to make sure that the next day of coming back to make sure they don't want to get called again.

They don't want to get called back.

So let us spend the night.

It's like a haunted house situation.

We haven't seen any of these trucks.

I have.

Again, I don't know.

I'm not really looking for them.

Of course, there's the clog brothers.

We don't like the clog brothers because of course brothers, you know.

Yeah, brother.

Yeah.

But what do they do?

They say we don't do clogs.

We undo them.

Which I really is not that interesting.

So they have to differentiate between they're not going to come over to your house and clog your toilet.

They've had a lot of sort of misinformation out there about them clogging toilets because they are the clog brothers.

Oh, I see.

Yeah.

So they imagine if I were to read that in the yellow pages, I would be like, oh, well, I know I need someone to unclog it.

But then you know, should have they ever thought of calling themselves the unclog brothers?

You're going to have to ask them, Scott.

Okay.

Come on.

I feel like any of these guys have the digital about the fun.

So years are attesting them out at this point.

There's of course, Noah's fart.

We shall live on as God washes away our sins and duty.

That's their catch.

Okay.

We've got lieutenant streaks in the ship battalion.

We don't negotiate with toilet papers.

It's toilet paper.

Look, you're going to rhyme with terrorists or something, but it's just they don't negotiate toilet paper.

You have to ask these guys about it.

Okay.

Maybe I will.

But clearly, plumb up, plumb up, plumb up time.

Okay.

This is a parody of Will Smith's summer, summer, summertime.

Who's to say, Scott?

Who's to say?

Who is to say?

Of course, there's Tarzana toilets.

You toilet.

We Tarzana.

Oh, Jesus Christ.

Tarzana, by the way, is the city here next to Los Angeles.

Well, I'm talking about oldy Los Angeles plumbers, of course.

Okay.

Yeah.

If you do happen to have the Disney bundle, you could get Disney flush where Boba Fett will come to your house and unclog your toilet.

And then he'll say wizard or something like that.

What about Grogu?

Yeah, you don't get Grogu.

You don't get Grogu.

No, no, no, Grogu specifically licensed to the park solo.

Oh.

So you get Boba Fett.

That's all you get.

And it's actually Tamir Morrison shows up to your house.

It doesn't really.

I can only imagine like the other 10 months of the year pretty dry for.

Yeah, yeah.

He's like, got this flush toilet stuff.

Of course, there's Rick's plumbing in barbecue.

They will bring you ribs and your skit.

Yeah.

It would seem like there'd be another plumbing situation the next day then.

Well, I guess that's part of the hustle.

Oh, yeah.

As they get some of those things where they say in their commercial, look, we know your stomach's empty from shit and all over your bathroom.

We're going to fill it back up again.

This is a good hustle because like you're probably paying 10 bucks for the ribs.

600 to do the job.

I mean, this is a good investment.

That's not a good, it's pretty good.

I mean, they do have a $10,000 smoker that they do drive to everybody's house.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's a lot of overhead.

Of course, there's Snoop plumbing where Snoop Dogg comes to your house and just blows smoke in your toilet.

Unh, honestly, it usually works.

Really?

I don't know.

He'd be, it's really strong.

He blows really, really thick smoke clouds.

Okay.

And he normally does it.

Of course, you got Wesley Pipes, always bad on crap.

Jesus Christ.

Okay.

And of course, oh, oh, you're wrapping up.

Okay.

And of course, Los Angeles plumbing.

Which I feel like they should have something fun or something good.

Right.

Yeah.

Brother was there.

You just, Los Angeles plumbing.

I guess they get a lot of business.

No, not even a catchphrase or anything.

No, they don't even have a commercial or anything.

What about his pearly whites out there on, you know, in picture form?

No, he's, he's a minimalist, they say.

So they just, Los Angeles plumbing.

Los Angeles plumbing.

That's it Scott.

Okay.

Wow.

So yeah, there's a lot of bloodshed between those plumbers right now.

I feel like, you know, Noah's fart is almost completely decimated by violence.

Oh my God.

That sounds so terrible.

That sucks.

By the way, did you see me in that Rick Caruso commercial?

No, what were you doing?

I was just saying Rick Caruso was going to clean up Los Angeles.

Okay.

Well, you must be, uh, pretty pissed.

They go to a road up.

Bullen up.

Yeah, you didn't get that 50.

So sorry.

I didn't get it.

What have I got?

50 grand.

You got 50 grand.

That's right.

He's just spreading that money around.

Yeah, he's got money, baby.

You would think he would give it to the unhoused people that he supposedly wants to help.

Oh, well.

Okay.

This isn't a political.

This isn't a trap house.

We can't be talking about that kind of stuff on here.

And I'm just very happy as God that we're getting the word out about the plumbing wars.

If you see two plumbing trucks like ram into each other on the street, run in the opposite direction because this shit is getting cranked.

They're ramming into each other.

So there is no opposite direction.

That's a good question.

Well, all right.

Right.

They're both.

Oh, I see.

Yeah, got it.

So they're, they're running at each other.

You just got to do a 90 degree angle and running immediately.

Yeah.

Are you ready to do a 90 degree?

Please always be ready to do a 90 degree.

Always be ready to do a 90 degree.

Try to say this Scott.

Flush brothers plumbing.

Try to say it.

Flush brothers plumbing.

Oh, you said it's pretty good.

It's not easy.

It's hard to do very quickly.

How fast can you do it?

Here we go.

Flush brothers plumbing.

Didn't know.

I don't know.

Yeah.

Let me do.

Let me turn it.

Flush brothers.

Nope.

It's hard.

It's too.

It's easy.

I can't, what am I supposed to say?

My mother once had that last name?

Yeah.

And now what is her last name?

Williamson.

It's pretty pretty normal.

Were you looking for something crazy?

Well, you know, give you an opportunity for a big laugh on the right as we go into commercial and I don't know what you're talking about.

I could only be a little dribbler to the picture.

I could only be myself.

I could only be a little.

You're only talking about facts.

Well, look, hopefully I'm the last plumber you have ever had on this.

I hope so, although these other guys may be on.

We do have to take a break, but look, when we come back, we have a traveler.

Can you stick around Frankie Flush?

Let me check my schedule.

Oh.

You're damn right.

All right.

And we also have an author coming up.

We'll be right back with more comedy, bang, bang after this.

Comedy, bang, bang.

We're back here.

We have Frankie Flush of the, oh my God.

What was that?

Oh, just a doula flush sound effect sometimes.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I kind of wish I did have one of those like little noise makers like on the radio where I'd be like, Frankie Flush.

Where you have like drops and stuff.

You know, Paula of Tomkins and I had been recording our sound effects record for like 10 years at this point.

You got a flush on there?

No, we don't.

Yeah.

But I mean, I think if you're doing a sound effects record, you want it to be like the actual sound of it and not a guy going like, yeah, yeah, yeah, you know, that would be interesting to sell a sound effects record where it's just like one guy doing the budget sound effect.

But that would be more of a Michael Winslow.

Yeah, you don't think he has a record where he's just like helicopter.

I hope he does.

I hope he does too, because I'd buy it.

Yeah, I would buy it.

Well, speaking of buying things, we have to get to our next guest and she has bought a lot of tickets to other cities and places I would imagine.

I mean, she's a traveler.

So she might be like, quantum leap is over.

That's true.

You never know.

Well, find out if it's a quantum leap situation, that'll be my first question.

Please welcome to the show, Lena Don Homb.

Hi, Scott.

Oh my God.

Lena.

I'm so sorry.

You don't care.

I'm fine.

Oh my God.

You were literally smiling five seconds.

No, no, I'm fine.

Sorry.

What's going on?

No, it's not.

Everything.

Do we need to pause, take a break?

No, like honestly, it's just like I got back from like the worst trip of my life.

So I'm just kind of like decompressing.

So sorry.

Oh, you just you how recently did you get back from the trip?

I got back today.

Oh, okay.

This morning or this morning.

This morning.

What was the airline?

I think it was Albanian air.

Albanian air.

Oh, and what LAX or was it Burbank?

Burbank.

Oh, good for you.

I don't know Albanian.

They fly in Iraq.

Burbank does international.

That's really interesting.

So would you take bar them over or what?

I took bar.

I used to bar them over.

Yeah.

Good.

Um, what's I mean?

I'm going to keep talking about Burbank airport.

No, no.

Why are you crying?

I feel bad.

What happened on this trip?

No, it's just like I was on a bachelorette.

And it was like pure hell, like straight up.

I'm sorry.

You were on a bachelorette?

What does that mean?

I went on a bachelorette party.

A party?

Oh, okay.

I used to say bachelorette.

We have briefed now.

Okay.

Well, I mean, if one were to say I was on a bachelorette, I thought you might think an episode of the bachelor.

Oh, no, no, no.

I think you would say I was on the bachelorette.

Oh, okay.

I think I was on the bachelorette, but I think I was on bachelorette.

Hey, I'm regretting asking you to stick around.

You know what?

It's got, we'll see.

All right.

We'll see how you feel when you go into the dexabray.

All right.

Although you did ask a very good question, but I was still obsessed with how she got over here.

Yeah, he was asking better questions.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you went to a bachelorette party.

Where?

In Albania?

So here's the thing.

Okay.

So my girl, Catalina, I love her to death, but we're like kind of like a little girl.

And she's kind of new friends and she asked me to like organize this.

To organize it.

Bachelorette, yeah.

Wow.

Usually the maid of honors job.

Yeah, but all of her friends, like she's got this crew of like old friends, but they're, they're all like married and they have like kids.

Are they from other places?

Yeah, they like like in the Midwest.

Like it's like a different vibe.

And you guys are LA friends and you're right there.

So she wants you to organize it because everyone's going to be flying in for.

I travel a lot.

Oh, oh, no.

So I know like.

What do you do for fun or for work?

For work.

Oh, where do you work?

So I am a nighttime coach.

Now what does that be?

You coach the night.

You coach the night or you coach people actually.

You guys.

I know people's nighttime nighttime routines.

Oh, okay.

You want them?

I coach them.

I'm nighttime routines.

Okay.

So I'm like, you know, maybe tonight we tape your mouth or tonight we tape your forehead, whatever.

Tape your mouth.

What?

That's a thing.

What?

I'm also in a what situation.

Taping your mouth.

What is that?

We tape your mouth shut.

So we don't as humans, we don't use our noses enough.

Oh, I heard about this.

I read about this.

Yeah, my Ruby was talking about this.

You tape your mouth shut.

You're breathing through your nose and that's like signals to your body to like calm down and it helps like sleep apnea and helps with all this stuff.

But then you also say sometimes let's tape your nose.

I'm like, let's keep your nose or your forehead or like let's tape your butt or whatever.

That's the kind of correct the other way.

Like you don't want to be breathing.

Yeah.

Or like sometimes we tape your legs and your arms together.

You help people go to sleep or okay.

No, you go through a lot of tape in this job.

Lots of tape and just like general like what are you eating before bed?

Like have a big glass of milk maybe or like eat like a steak.

What's a big glass of milk to you by the way because you're a tiny, tiny person.

Is that like a small glass of milk to me or?

Every time a woman's on your e-makers tomorrow.

She's like they do it themselves.

Oh, I don't know about that Scott.

And it's also a certain.

I don't know.

But I would say it sounds like you're planning a lot of things for people.

So I get why you're afraid to ask you to play.

Yeah, so I'm good at this.

Like I'm like a natural.

Right.

And I.

So the planning of bachelorette party, the type of training that you do at nighttime.

Yeah.

So the parties are nighttime activities.

So yeah.

Yeah.

So but like also I guess I'm just like cultured and like I go on cool trips and like these women, these like Midwestern women like they didn't understand what like I was going for.

Yeah, I was reading a I believe is a New York Times article or a Washington Post article.

You know, the old gray lady paper of record about where Arizona is now.

Scott's Dale is now a big destination.

It's a hub.

The Dale, of course.

So so is that the type of thing you were planning or because it was a destination?

You said you were on the Albanian air.

I mean, I think Catalina wanted like, you know, she wanted like Vegas or she wanted New Orleans or whatever.

Right.

And I was kind of like, let's do something really cool and like let's go.

Where do you want to go like internationally?

And she was like, Greece.

I was like, perfect.

So anyway, I booked the tickets.

Everyone's pissed.

Like immediately everyone's pissed.

Oh, because they didn't know.

Well, they were just sort of like, do they just give you credit card info of like, oh, yeah, assuming it would be Las Vegas or something.

Yeah.

And I was like in first and they were all in coach.

Oh, so the first like that was a thing.

Because of points or you just spent the money?

I just spent the money.

I was like, I organize the whole trip.

I should be like closest to the pilot.

Did they all have to chip in for that?

Is that we all chipped in?

So everybody pays for everybody.

So they were kind of like, for whatever reason, they thought that Catalina should be in first.

If anybody, I was just like, this is so annoying.

Like this is so Midwest.

Yeah.

You mean very judgmental of these women from the Midwest.

I mean, very like coastal today.

But I'm just pissed.

I'm like, oh, jet lag, that's fuck.

Right.

No, that makes sense.

I basically we go, we arrive and everyone's like, this doesn't look like Greece.

They're like, this doesn't look like Greece or where.

They're like, where are you in Greece?

Well, this is the thing.

Yeah, please tell us the thing.

Because I'm having a hard time following the story that I hear the thing.

So this is the thing.

Yeah, I get to the thing.

We get into a bus or basically it's like a semi truck and we squeeze into the front.

I was going to say you get into a bus.

Sounds like you're being loaded into a compartment.

And we drive for like four or five hours and everyone's like, where are we going?

Like what's going on?

Like this doesn't look like Greece.

And then we get there and I'm like, surprise like this.

We're in Albania.

Okay.

Albania.

And had you ever been to Albania before?

Well, so this is the thing.

I'm finding that this is another thing.

I'm finding that this is the thing.

How many?

It's a very important phrase on this.

How many things do you have?

So this is the thing.

Okay.

My family is Albanian.

Oh, okay.

And this was, you know, everyone was pissed because they thought it was going to be like an Airbnb, but it's actually my family's farm.

My extended family.

Yeah, it's a coal, Magdalena and Boschkin.

They all live there.

Okay.

It's a beautiful like tiny Albanian village.

It's just like a traveler's dream.

Like come true.

We're living on the farm or in the middle of the way.

This doesn't sound like a bachelor at party.

I mean, you're living on the, I mean, the bachelor at parties are usually like three days.

Yeah.

You're living on the, how long were you guys there?

Two weeks.

That's pretty long.

Well, but that's because there's no cars that come in and out of there.

So it's like, how are we?

What happened to the semi that you were in?

That he comes once every two weeks to do what?

To deliver.

To deliver what?

Good.

The good library.

Kind of good.

I don't know.

Bennett's clothes.

Every two weeks.

Got your family swimming.

Yeah.

They got a sock to forever put on.

Are they, are they shitting all over there?

They're bed spreads every night.

Well, so this is a thing.

They're on a farm.

So like, obviously it's like dirty and like they don't exact, I mean, like they wash things but like they like to get their linens like linen.

Right.

So anyway, everyone is furious at you.

Now you think they shouldn't be furious?

Yeah.

I'm like, this is like once in a lifetime opportunity.

Like how lucky for you that you get to be here.

Were there any kind of bachelorette games or activities going on?

Yes.

So I did organize some bachelorette games because like Catalina at first was I think a little like shook about the whole thing.

I can only imagine how long did she think she was going to be gone for?

Yeah.

Did everyone take two weeks off?

I was thinking it was going to be like three or four days.

Okay.

But obviously it was international.

So that would be pretty quick.

Right.

So I was just like doing what everyone would do.

I made the trip longer.

I'd use the ticket.

You surprised everyone.

But everyone came to the airport.

You would book the tickets.

They thought they were going to Vegas for three days.

Suddenly they're in Albania when they get off the plane.

On a fucking truck going to the middle of nowhere.

Like on the front half of a truck that the back half is filled with linens.

Right.

Yes.

Which was like so comfortable if you think about it.

Like we're all on the back of the front and just like surrounded by like comfy.

Surrounded by but are they touching you?

Yes.

Because that would be the comfortable part.

Like being able to lie on the linens.

No, it's not physically touching us but they're like nearby.

That's not comfortable.

It's so...

You're sitting on the bottom of a cold truck.

I do have to say though.

We have a nice linens.

It's just comfortable.

Having nice linen like curtains and stuff.

I do feel a sense of calm.

Yeah.

It was aesthetic.

I mean obviously it was behind us but it was still like the aesthetic.

Yeah.

So I kind of feel like you've taken these people on what I would call a pretty crazy bachelorette party.

Thank you.

I mean like in a way where I would be questioning it as well.

You know I'm not sure that...

Yeah.

What were the activities that you would plan?

Okay so this is the thing.

We were...

We obviously had to work at the farm.

Like that was...

You had to work because your family needed some extra hands.

Yeah.

We were going to feed like there was six of us.

Right.

So I was like once we met...

Only six.

That's a small bachelorette party actually.

Yeah well some people backed out once we got to Albany.

Okay.

Oh some people just turned right like...

Yeah.

Got right back on a plane.

Did the old Homer Simpson just had like full 180 right back onto the plane?

Yes.

But in this case I was like...

But like I did have the bachelorette games planned.

Oh.

So we did this really fun one where her husband, his name is...

Catalina Crunch.

Crunch.

And what's her name I'm sorry?

Catalina.

Catalina Crunch.

Oh okay.

Catalina Crunch.

That's a pretty beautiful hashtag for you.

Yeah.

Catalina Crunch.

Was she going to change her name to Catalina Crunch or...?

Oh no I got that's his first name.

I'm sorry.

Yeah but like I think so yeah like the last name could be Crunch.

I mean I don't remember.

I don't know.

Okay.

He sounds like...

What do you guys say in the last name?

I don't know him very well.

Okay but he was there you were saying?

No we had him film himself answering these questions.

This is a really fun game that they play on naturalrats.

Oh okay.

So you ask the groom the same questions that you ask the bride and you basically compare answers.

This is like the newlywed game but you're not married yet.

Exactly.

Okay.

So I put together the questions and I guess they weren't what everybody thought they were going to be.

Okay what were some of the questions that you were?

Well so I guess they were expecting the questions to be like what is the bride's like shoe size.

Right.

And mine were kind of like who do you think like the other ones cheated on you?

Oh that's dark for sure.

I guess that's maybe like a fun joke one to throw at the end.

Yeah.

That's pretty dark for first.

Is that where it started though?

That was like number three.

I think the first question was like I think they were expecting you know like I don't know.

Like what's her favorite movie?

What's her favorite movie?

Her color and mine was like which one of you guys do you think has the most diseases?

The most diseases.

Why do you feel the need to do what everyone?

Yeah.

The opposite of what everyone.

Where are you counting these diseases is what I want to know.

Are we talking about like heart disease?

Like diseases that are going to like show themselves in a few years.

You know what I mean?

In a few years.

Oh yeah.

So no sex.

You've been married for a long time.

No sexually transmitted diseases.

I mean they probably I would guess Catalina has multiple STDs.

You think so.

So this is almost an unanswerable question.

Like you have to know that there are underlying diseases that are going to show themselves in years.

But it's just like a fun question.

And how when you did this interview with with crunch.

Yeah.

How did he take it?

Because I was he doing it under duress?

He was not pleased.

He was sort of like I don't get these questions.

I don't understand because one of them was like how many more years do you think your dog's going to be alive?

Oh Jesus.

So what did he at some point refuse to do it or did you have to force him to?

Yeah.

They only got through three questions because he was like I can't do this anymore.

I was like all right well fail I guess.

So you still went through with it and played the tape.

Yeah.

And it was the third question he walked out and said I'm not doing this anymore.

Yeah and it was dead air.

Right.

Yeah.

So that was that was one of the things you planned.

Yeah.

And then I planned like a scavenger hunt.

Oh okay.

Which is that's good.

I feel like that's a normal activity.

Yeah.

Were you going throughout town or were you just on the farm?

Yeah.

Like literally like there's maybe one other house nearby.

Oh really?

Who's houses out?

Doshkin.

How did he get there?

No how do you get there from your place?

Oh it's like 300 yards.

Oh.

So like three football fields away?

Yeah.

So we would I was like why don't we trudge over.

Trudge.

Oh that's see if anyone comes up to me and says like hey do you want to go on a trudge?

Like already I'm out at that point.

I mean.

Yeah.

But well so I think they were expecting like the scavenger hunt to be like find another like bachelorette party.

Yeah.

Like a garter belt.

Yeah.

You know from someone.

Get a condom from someone.

Right.

And I just did it more creatively.

I was like find like pigs fucking or like find pigs actually fucking.

Well it's more on a farm.

It wouldn't be that hard.

Do they do that a lot?

I mean I have no idea.

Yeah they fuck a lot.

Oh really?

Rolling around the pig pen.

I guess that's good if you're like on a farm you want more pigs right.

Although at a certain point if it's happening that often I mean is that too many pigs or.

I think it's every amount of pig is the right amount of pig.

Oh okay.

Do you know what their dicks look like?

From what I understand it looks like their tails right.

It's like all.

Really tight quirk screw.

Why is that?

I don't know.

Yeah and mister say Scott.

You know because like it does that fit of a giant or does it just like you know what I mean like is that the soft version of the and then suddenly it's like it gets hard to go like uncurls he goes boy oh yeah that's a good question.

I think when it goes in it goes straight.

So they have to screw their entire bodies around a woman.

But you know what happens?

So after they come they just kind of go around and around like their whole body and they.

Really so their whole bodies go twisting.

You're just saying.

Like they're a toilet in Australia.

Yeah exactly.

Yeah the toilets are crazy.

Yeah you have a great.

Yeah I have Scott.

Really I have of course and there's a lot of crazy plumbing companies down there.

Is that tough to get acclimat?

Oh yeah we don't have time to talk about this.

Do you know that?

You don't have time to get into that.

You sound Australian.

Do you know that?

Yeah we have an Australian guest on this on the show.

Oh really?

Yeah yeah yeah.

I travel so I can do all the accents.

Oh really every single accent?

Wow okay name one.

Nothing offensive though.

Okay oh boy I guess I'm out.

Why don't you do an albany in that?

Um uh please.

Any of you have milk in the goats?

Okay that's not bad.

It's not bad.

Is that how your family sounds there?

Yeah.

Did you have any strippers?

I mean a lot of a huge one.

Yeah so this was fun.

So Cole obviously my cousin he did.

Obviously your cousin.

He did.

Strip for us.

That was one fun night.

And how does he have a good body?

No.

Um he has a farmer like farmer bod.

What does that mean?

Like older man farmer bod.

That's what you should have led with because when I think farmer bod.

I'm like he could be right like yeah.

No like a man who's worked like into his 70s.

Oh okay.

How old is he?

He's 50.

So he has the body of a 70 year old.

Yeah yeah like really run hard.

Okay body.

Yeah and how is it received by were people I mean at this point I would be just like.

So Cole was basically just changing in his room and I kind of had everyone gather by the window and look in.

Oh okay so you yeah.

Like a strip tease.

Oh right.

Okay so at this point I would imagine everyone would be like can we go home?

Yeah for sure.

For sure for sure.

So this is the thing.

There was no way home.

Right.

No service.

No internet.

Like we're stuck.

No motor cars.

I'm like trying to.

No single luxury.

No no no it's raw.

Right.

Yeah.

And that's the point.

Like that's what travelers do.

Like part of being cultured and like understanding.

Where have you traveled to?

It sounds like you've only been to Albania.

Yeah I've been to Albania and I've been also to I drove into Mexico one day.

One day from.

I'm Los Angeles.

How did you get there?

Four or five?

Four or five.

But I mean like for me it's just like I'm I'm like I do.

So you've gone back and forth from Albania to Burbank?

Mm hmm.

Why did you come to LA?

What do you mean?

Why don't you just live in just go live in Albania?

No because I need to tell everybody about my travels.

Like what's the point of like living on a farm just to tell the people that you're with.

Like I lived on a farm.

Like the whole point of travel is to brat.

Right.

So this is like like when I went to Mexico for that one day like I came back I was like oh my god the alfestor.

You guys would lose your fucking mind.

So you had lunch.

You had alfestor for lunch and then you drove right back.

Yeah.

How close was this lunch place to the border?

Oh 20 minute.

Okay.

I was like fuck like if you guys had the Coke down there not cocaine regular.

Oh right.

You can get those here you know.

What?

You can get those all set anyway.

Yeah Mexican coaks you can get them out here.

Yeah.

Well anyway I was like oh the Coke is so much better.

Like the sugar.

Interesting.

So are you still friends with what was your name?

Sperlina.

Catalina.

Yeah I mean this had to have put some sort of a dark cloud on the relationship.

Yeah so that's actually like yeah why are you feeling victimized.

I'm like such a mess like we got back and obviously everyone's pissed at the Burbank airport.

They're like furious losing their minds.

Wow at the Burbank everyone is so chill there.

I mean to get them wild.

It really caused a scene.

Wow.

And she was like I don't want you at my wedding.

No I don't want you.

I'm like are you kidding.

This is so midwest like you're being scolded.

Oh man that's got a sting for Catalina.

Well it's just like all those girls are like so obsessed.

Like I think I'm just a guys girl at heart like really.

Sounds like you're not a girls girl I'll tell you that.

I think right now.

I don't know that you're a guys girl.

Like it proves like the vibe I'm getting from you guys right now.

Like I'm definitely a guys girl.

I don't think so.

I'm not giving you any kind of vibe.

I just feel comfortable around you guys.

Like I don't feel like you're judging me.

I feel like you totally are on board with everything I said.

You support me 100% I mean.

Cringe City but I be.

Yeah I don't know.

I don't know why you're crying.

I feel like you victimized all your friends.

You took up to a place they didn't want to go and you freaked them out by telling them they couldn't get home.

I mean.

So are you still going to the wedding though even though she doesn't want you to go?

Yeah.

Okay cool.

When is it?

I'm going to.

Where is the actual wedding?

It's in a little town called the Gardens.

The Gardens?

The Gardens.

The Bush Gardens.

Oh shit.

That's where my brother of course had to had his terrible face accident.

She's getting married in Bush Gardens.

Yeah it's so Midwest.

They do weddings there.

They do yeah.

Oh cool.

Well I'm so sorry that this happened to them mainly.

I'm not sorry.

I mean you're the cause of it all.

I mean I really that's unfortunate you're saying you're framing it that way because.

Okay.

Well it's just like if I like if I planned something for you.

Yeah.

I would like like.

Or you don't by the way.

I can only imagine like I'm going to show up at the airport.

Suddenly I'm going to have a 70 year old farmer's body after two weeks like bailing hay and unscrewing the the pig dicks from all the the salves out there.

Right.

Well yeah.

That's so fun.

I mean I've done this before if that's what the question is like yeah I think.

Like if this were a scam it would be called the Albanian farmer right you know.

Yeah well I mean I really get a lot of business from my nighttime coaching and I kind of bring.

I'm starting to think that might be a scam too.

How much of your nighttime coaching involves buying tickets to another country.

Go to the airport.

Right.

Flying there.

It's a good question because I do everyone's credit card information.

People trust you.

Yeah they do.

I mean I think it's like a really vulnerable thing when like you're in someone's bed with them before bed you know.

You get into the bed.

Okay we don't have time to talk about this.

This is what it is.

I mean I would almost yeah I mean like come back and we'll talk about it.

No we got to talk about it.

Yeah unfortunately we do have to take a break.

All right look can you stick around Lena.

Yes.

All right and how do you feel about me sticking around.

Frank I'm going to give you one more chance.

I came back.

You say I'm stupid again.

No well you know all right don't ask stupid questions.

Look when we come back we have an author perhaps the only real guest to be on the show.

I don't know why he's in sea block.

I don't know what that means.

But look we're going to be right back we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Company bang bang we're back here we have of course Frankie Flush is here.

That's right.

He's on Finice here.

My name is Frankie Flush and I'm on Finice.

Finice.

Oh we also have Lena Don Homm is here from Albania.

And Burbank.

Yeah by way of Burbank.

And we need to get to our next guest.

He's an author.

Very exciting what love to talk to authors on this show.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Jack Lusty.

Yes hello thank you for having me on your show.

It is my pleasure always wonderful to have someone who I just think it's the hardest thing to do to write a book.

Is that what you wrote a book?

Yes so true.

I published self published a new piece.

Self published.

And it really touched on me.

A new piece.

Sorry I'm catching up.

I'm on a two second delay.

For everything you're saying.

Yes.

Okay.

Yes.

You self published a new piece.

Yes like a new book.

A book.

Oh okay.

There's a book.

Yes.

Oh yes.

Tell authors stop.

Because you were touching you have a book next to you.

You were touching it.

And then suddenly you said I self published a new piece.

And I was like.

Yes.

I'm just touching the book to fool me and thinking.

No no no.

Or is this one of those books with a gun cut out on the inside.

You can pull it out and say this is my piece by the fucking get on the ground.

If people can see the book they can see how thin it was.

That would be a very small gun.

A very good gun.

I just want to thank you Scott for letting me have like having me on your platform.

One of the biggest podcasts in the game I've been told.

And I'm really hoping that your fans will go out and purchase my new book.

Yes I finished by me Jack Lusty.

Yes I finished.

Oh there it is.

You're holding it up right now.

Yes I finished.

You sell public and you've drawn on the cover.

This is the prototype.

Yes.

This is the prototype yes.

Yes.

But you said you self published it.

Yes I did.

So online you could be one to get the online book that's easily get on.

Now if you want to get the actual physical.

The physical copy.

Yes this is the prototype of them and if you want to get those then obviously I make them by hand for each person who asked for one.

And it does it differ from the prototype or is it just exactly this.

I think simplicity is the best form of getting the actual message across.

You don't want to trip people up with like oh look at all the sparks.

Right.

Yeah.

The bleeps the bloops the sparks.

You want to be like okay I don't care about the cover right to the words.

Great.

Alright well let's talk about those words.

Well what is this book?

Well is this what is your whole thing as an author?

What's your point of view?

Well what I'm dabbling in right now because I can tell you when I was in an appling in the book.

I'll tell you right now when I was in an airport.

I was in Berlin.

Oh this was in Portland.

Portland really.

I was in Portland.

I was in a Portland.

It's like a nice country.

Yes it is a state.

Portland Maine or it's not a state.

You sure?

Everybody was walking around like they were in the state.

Oh no no.

Oregon is the state or Maine.

Alright well we don't have a fact checker here.

Two cities we're traveling to on the comedy bang bang tour this August.

Oh be there.

Show up.

Purchase my book.

Maybe I'll be there the sign.

Oh I don't think that you're going to be at the mercy of the law.

I really don't think.

If this thing comes flying off the shelves beforehand you might want to bring me out.

What is it about?

What is the book?

Well in Portland I was in an airport it was a layover and I picked up one of the books from the store and it happened to be an erotic novel.

It happened to be an erotic novel or you picked it up because it was an erotic novel.

I picked it up not knowing what it was.

I just saw a shirtless guy on the cover and I thought this could be a hero.

Oh look at this Adonis.

Yes I was like Conan has a shirt off all the tests.

Sure it's horror.

In every Marvel movie like even Paul Rudd had to take his shirt off.

Exactly.

So this could be one of those.

This could be one of those.

So when I picked it up I started reading.

I finally understood that I think this is a romantic novel but it doesn't ring.

It's being true to what I know romantic.

Oh okay so you wanted to write your own kind of brand of romantic romance.

I wanted to make a reality type of erotic novel that really speaks to the people to really kind of say like this is what it's like.

Yes.

This is what it's like in the throes of passion.

This is what it's like in those moments of love and lust.

Oh okay so love and lust.

Alright so if you don't mind I would love to read an excerpt.

So yes I would come on the podcast and read a bunch of stuff.

That's pretty good.

Hey look Mike Berbiggly did it.

Okay I mean it just seems a little lazy.

Come here just read a bunch of stuff.

It's like alright.

Put your phone down by the way you've been typing up a new list of something the entire time you've been here.

I don't know what you're talking about.

Alright just going to pick a random page.

Okay here we go.

And you can tell he's doing it because we can hear you actually.

Yeah we can read that back.

Oh yeah this is a good one.

Our bodies begin to tangle.

We kiss.

We do more than kiss.

Pulsating I begin to enter.

Her face screams of passion.

I have to try to match.

Even if only on the outside.

Inside I'm thinking what a bad decision it was to take that late lunch.

Even now in the throes of passion I can feel the salami creeping up on me.

It's slowly taking me down.

No matter how hard I try to push through.

I know I don't have much longer in me.

One, two, three more pumps is all I could muster before I abruptly get up to run to the bathroom.

It seems this time it wasn't the premature ejaculation that ailed me to us the bubble guts.

Oh wow.

Hey.

I guess that's pretty real.

I guess I relate to that once maybe.

No it happened to me.

More than like oh I saw them in their eyes and their shirts just came off from our looks.

You know like nobody that doesn't happen in real life.

I'm pretty sure that what you just said like that's literally what marriage is.

Like every time you get married like every night is like that.

Every time you get married.

Me?

You just sound like your guest from last week.

Me?

Yeah.

Yeah multiple.

No multiple marriages.

Yeah because I'm.

They always end in Albania with them working on a farm.

Yeah.

Wow.

Look I thought there was a very sexual romantic parts in there but I get a little distracted when you start talking about shit especially as a plumber.

I mean.

Yeah I mean this is very triggering for Frankie Flush.

Well obviously.

He's going to disassociate.

Like yes your tongue came out and was like flop outside for a second.

Well you know that's not the only that's not the only experiences that I write about in the book.

I mean that was only like maybe even half a page.

I mean yes and this is this looks to be a book that looks to be at least you know 500 pages.

So many sexual experiences.

These are a lot of my own personal experiences that I took and wrote into a book.

Oh so Thunderbolt.

Congratulations.

Well having all these sexual experiences.

Well you know I do it for the people.

What sex?

Yes.

To make to make them.

Yes.

Basically when I decided to get this book I went on a rampage on hinge.

Oh I hate a hinge rampage.

So wait you've been you've been on dating apps to have sex with women to write about that for your book.

Interesting.

Yes and doing everybody who's out there that's wondering they all knew what the process was.

I was very much.

Oh you were upfront with them.

I was very upfront with them about what this was.

But I feel like everyone on hinge in LA is like trying to do a career thing anyway.

Like they're fucking you to like have a career.

I wouldn't know but yeah.

What is hinge?

Hinge is a day together.

Hinge is like tinder.

Oh is it?

But you know more interesting.

Thank you.

This is a whole new world to me.

I'm going to get you more mutual friends.

You can see people's mutual friends.

Oh weird.

Okay yeah I have no idea what this is.

Well yes it is a dating map and trust me it is one that you can date on absies is crazy.

Okay anyway go ahead.

Yes.

So you know I think right now it would be a good time to read another excerpt.

Just so I can get sure just so I can get yeah you want to lure Frankie back.

Because I was a little I was a little triggered.

I want something where I'm not necessarily thinking about work.

You're okay.

Let me get one.

You're a good one.

You're going to pages.

A lot of pages of it.

One thrust.

Two thrust.

Three thrust.

Four thrust.

A lot of counting.

Five thrust.

Oh no.

This can't be happening.

I confidently told her this was going to be an all night affair.

I stopped.

She asked me am I all right.

I say yes.

I just haven't finished Russian doll yet.

And I would love to right now before it's taken off Netflix tomorrow is the first after all.

She says I think it's a Netflix show.

So it's always going to be there.

I'm already in the living room acting as if I didn't hear her.

I sit down TV value one fifty.

She cuddles up beside me as he watched the whole season.

What do you know?

Looks like it wasn't all night affair after all.

Now so that's not too loud.

The volume on 50 I usually turn it up to like seventy seven.

Yeah sometimes that's it far away from.

Well you know if you have a whole setup that's going on like when it's not just the TV itself it's like you got the whole speakers and the yeah that's what I think of the subwoofer.

Yeah like yes 50 could be pretty loud.

Okay well you know I have a very small studio so oh okay.

When it goes in the room it's very.

Got it got it.

I mean that's not the only thing I'm taking on bridge with.

I was just the thing the first thing that jumped out of me.

I mean more than that I would say.

I mean I guess it's true to you I guess.

I mean I think that could be true to anybody.

I don't think a Russian doll has ever been taking off Netflix.

They just put it back on.

They will as well.

Well hey.

I would say they could take season two off and I would be fine.

Interesting.

Now can I ask you is there a story in this novel or is it just sort of a collection of essays.

It's it's.

Is there a connective tissue between these romantic saying and not so much a connective tissue as more so like a little bit of me talking about my experiences before then I get into a specific experience.

You know I'm active tissue.

Yeah so I wouldn't say I wouldn't say you would say oh this is the journey of I don't know like a romantic novel.

Do you just drop us in like cold you know cold open just like you're you're having sex.

Right into it every is a chapter in itself.

Every excerpt is a chapter.

Wow okay.

How many chapters you got in there.

422.

Damn that was a crazy huge 420 and how many pumps what is it about six pumps per.

No experience.

Sometimes everything is every experience is different.

Sometimes it could be a small amount of pumps.

Sometimes it could be a surprisingly large amount of pumps like six.

Sometimes it could be a normal amount of pumps.

Okay.

But what would you think is a normal amount of pumps got.

I mean I tried to get into double digies.

So like ten or eleven is good.

Yeah you know I mean if I can make it there.

Okay and that's.

I can make it anywhere.

Okay and that's a good start you know so.

Oh good start for you.

Okay this is a lot like killing one lawyer.

Yeah I mean so to me and I should also be on like all those are not 400 plus different women.

Right.

Okay so you did.

Same one.

Well how many.

How many.

Back for more.

Yes of course.

Even after that.

Yeah how many women is this with.

I would say about 130.

So you know 130.

So you're having sex with women about four times before you break it off.

I mean I wouldn't say I'm having sex with them four times I would say we're having sex with each other.

Oh okay.

Yeah that's a good way to look at.

I'm pretty sure they can write their own kind of you know answer back at sorts towards mine to be like what they were also going through at the time if they wanted to.

I think you should probably read three or four boar.

Okay.

Just because I'm starting to get a hang of this thing.

Yeah I'm sorry yeah what else do you have.

Three maybe four maybe five.

Okay.

Or one.

I like the about that you count in these so I'm interested in this.

Yeah I want to hear how many comments you actually got.

The more you read then the more he can read.

Yeah exactly.

Yeah.

All right so here's a good one.

We'll just go read for read on this.

Okay.

This has been a whirlwind but now here I am.

Me and the cashier from Rouse.

She throws me on the bed.

She's very strong.

Not to be out done.

I ripped my own shirt off.

I'm still the boss.

She begins to take my pants off.

I start to giggle and say stop.

Could it be me of all people believe this is moving too fast.

I ask her something about herself.

I could tell she isn't interested by her.

I could tell she is uninterested by her answer.

I soften at the realization that once again I am just in the play thing for a woman's enjoyment.

I ask her what she likes about me.

She says I don't know your olive skin.

I'm black.

That was good.

That was really interesting.

That was a really interesting one.

Yeah.

That's right.

You didn't even get to pump.

I was surprised there was no pumps.

Yes.

That was one of the kind of early experiences.

A lot of these are my hinge experiences and a lot of these could be just even before hinge.

Oh.

Because one of my earlier experiences where me and this cashier from Rouse got together and it was just moving too fast for me.

I realized that I was somebody who needed a little bit more of a connection.

Well she didn't even know you were black.

That's well.

I don't think she was paying attention to me at all.

I could have just been anybody in the room.

She just wanted to get off.

Probably from her Ralph's having a tough day at Ralph's or something and just needed somebody to unleash the pressure from her or something and I was just that thing.

Yeah.

So you never completed the pumps?

I never got to the pumps.

I think I got a little self-conscious.

How many, I mean the book is called Yes I Finished.

How many times did you finish?

How many times did you actually finish?

Did you actually have an orgasm?

I would say all three excerpts at this point have ended without you completing it.

I mean I guess maybe that's the through line is you keep reading and you're like well it says you finish so one of these he's got to have finished.

Yeah.

Well to be fair I would say sometimes sex isn't about finishing.

A lot of times actually maybe.

I mean it usually is though.

Okay.

I mean it's usually done when you know everybody.

Okay well.

Okay well everybody in the room.

You know, pardon me?

Edging.

Lena.

You sat up really tall for that one.

Is that something you do with night coaching?

Edging.

Yeah I know I've seen people edge for sure.

What are you doing to the mic?

Very midwest.

Okay.

Well you know we talk about finishing a lot.

Well every male you named your punk.

Yes I finished.

Yes.

You have finishing a lot.

We talk about finishing a lot.

Everybody's in here seems to be talking about finishing a lot.

And I would definitely say that I have finished with these experts at least 70% of the time.

Is that yes I finished about the sex or about like yes I finished the book.

Like I finished writing that.

That's what I thought it might have been.

I think of it as a double entendre.

Okay.

Yeah.

Did you I mean did you finish the book and then you said oh I have a great title for this.

I think the title came first.

Oh.

So you're like I'm going to write a book I'm going to go yes I finished.

Yes.

And I'll figure out what that means.

Yeah exactly.

And then I and then I sat on it for a little while then what do you mean you sat on for a little while.

I sat on the title for a little while.

This is why even I even wrote the book of this.

I didn't even know I had the idea to write an erotic novel.

Is this even before you picked up your book in the airport?

Yes this is before then.

Wow.

So I already had it in my mind that wanted to write a book.

And then you thought of the title first.

Yes I finished.

Yes.

What did you think the book was going to be about?

I had no idea.

You just like those words.

And I just felt so uplifting to me when I said it.

And I got to write a book that mirrors that.

Yeah.

So then when you read this sex novel in the airport you were saying in Portland?

Yes.

What was it?

It's weird.

By the way it's weird when you see someone reading like a sex book in an airport.

Well it would be weird especially if they thought that it was a sex book when they picked it up.

But if you think you're about to read like swashbuckling or something.

It's like when you used to go to a bookstore in the airport and they would have like penthouse magazine.

And then I saw someone buy one and like read it on a plane once.

It's just like you know.

I like when people are watching like full on like sex.

Like movies with like graphic sex scenes on a plane.

Like it's one thing if like you're watching something is like oh shit I had no idea.

Oh like monsters ball you're seeing a highly buried.

But I think I would like I'm just I would watch it obviously but I think like fast forwarding makes sense for like men on a.

Yeah do the skip 10 seconds button.

Yeah.

Men but not for women.

Yeah.

Interesting.

But wait aren't men looking at it over your shoulder and getting horny.

No.

Seems like the men should be.

I only sit near women on flights.

Oh really.

Yeah.

Interesting.

How are you able to figure that out before I get into like first class and I'm like okay so this isn't going to work and then I like move everyone around.

Okay interesting.

God you sound like a nightmare.

Well Jack I'm glad that you have achieved orgasm 70% of the time you say.

That's not a good those aren't good numbers by the way.

It's definitely a good number.

I feel like it's last.

Listen okay for a man it's not good.

All right well you know we want I think you're gonna I'm gonna read one more.

Okay.

Okay and I think you're going to be pleasantly surprised by the exact goes.

Okay.

Maybe there's a fun narrative twist or ties all of them together.

All right this is an excerpt from Yes I Finished by Jack Lusty self published prototype.

Do you want something to drink I ask?

She asked if I have coffee.

I say I do and I'll make some right away.

She says she likes her coffee black with cream.

As I walk back to the kitchen I think to myself why does she say cream like that.

Like she emphasized it and then winked.

I hear a call out after a couple minutes.

Remember cream heavy cream.

Okay I say I hate when people might grow manage me.

I'm not gonna forget your cream.

I mean you just told me afraid to over pour the cream I bring in the coffee first with the intentions to let her pour the amount she wants.

I wanted to give you the option to pour your own cream.

I look up and I see her as she now sits naked on my nicest ottoman.

That's cool.

That's cool she says.

I intended to get it the more organic way.

Then it hit me.

Is she gonna make me burn my penis and hot coffee?

That's the end of the excerpt.

He closed it with such authority like obviously that's the end of the story.

Some sort of bike drop moment.

That's barely a sexual.

I feel like this book is more about the sort of unhinged.

This is what you should have called it.

The unhinged adventures.

Yeah because you're unhinged.

You're unhinged of the neurotic lusty man.

Who doesn't understand sex and doesn't understand when someone's naked.

It's the problem why I had to write this book in the erotic novel space because people like you don't really understand what this is.

I really think that before.

I relate more to the books that you were talking about before where they were looking at each other with lusty passion and bone.

Exactly.

You want to live in the fantasy world.

It's not a fantasy world.

I mean I've done it a few times.

I don't think so.

I guess I relate to the Russian doll one.

Exactly.

You see what I'm saying?

The rest of them are my care.

It's like when you watch a movie and you're like oh this is how it is and you get in real life and you're like oh interactions don't happen like that at all.

That's what my book is.

It's open your eyes.

You're just the erotic.

She wanted you to come on her.

Yeah she just wanted you to come on.

You're disassociating.

You're talking about that.

I didn't say that.

She.

I hate it.

It's not that kind of show and I hate to be in delicate but she wanted you to either masturbate yourself and spray.

I don't know.

Jism.

How do you want me to say this?

Under her facial parts.

Oh my god.

I'm empty.

Empty plumbing on her.

Thank you.

Oh yeah.

I'm going to honestly say if at any point in the time that she wanted me to orgasm let's say I would say that it would be in the coffee and nowhere else.

It's just weird.

I don't.

Hey I don't judge anybody's kinks so when I got on here people wanted stuff.

True.

I think like simple communication is so important and just making sure like everyone's on the same page and just communicating what you want and what you think.

Like ask questions you know.

I did.

I asked a lot of questions to myself in the novel.

No no of them.

You should be talking to them.

I mean yes you know the third person didn't even know you were black so yes.

Yeah.

I mean maybe that's something you could communicate at the beginning of a date you know.

Like make sure you get that out in the open.

Okay well I would feel like I would hope that they would know.

Yeah.

I mean honestly I paraded around a lot.

You know what you know I wear it on my sleeve.

I was kind of just bring it up in the conversation.

You know sometimes as a bragging way but also sometimes it'd be like just so everybody knows I'm black sometimes when I enter like when I was trying to get the book published and I would get meetings and stuff before I would enter the meeting room I would deal out just so you know Jack Lesty who I am I am a black man and I'm walking into the room.

So people aren't surprised.

I understand that.

I mean I'm not sure because my company is called The Flush Brothers.

Should I be like I'm The Flush Brothers but you know what I mean brothers right.

Man do that.

I mean my brother is not around anymore.

I think it's a good thing to do.

I think it's polite to do you know what I mean.

Tell me to be like no sweetie.

No I'm a brother and I'm a be in your house so no fucking trying to bullshit with me.

Yeah I mean well then and that makes a question because yes you should you know I think you should do that obviously but if your brother then got facial construction look like Roger Moore he no longer black.

No he did the Sammy Sosa treatments where he lightened his skin and I gotta say sometimes he looks like the ghost of Roger Moore but is he good at baseball too.

Yeah he's pretty good he's got like a 290 average.

Well I mean he gets out base pretty much he's got a high on base percentage which really is what counts these days in the one of them.

Can you get home bro?

Does he just take a home?

It depends on where he is in the order.

Sometimes he's like he's in a sort of dead zone in the order but he really gets rallies going on.

Yeah okay.

It's just like an a plumbing league of stuff.

Yeah the plumbing league.

Oh okay this isn't the major.

No no no the plumbing league we had we have had to shut it down recently because a lot of violence has been happening out over there.

Oh yeah.

But he had to do a 290 average of course.

Well Jack Lusty congrats on the book I don't know that it speaks to me necessarily.

Okay well you know I mean like I said it's 425 pages so yeah I'm pretty sure that you could at least see 300 stories in there that you yourself personally can relate to.

And everybody in your audience I think that you could also relate to a lot of these stories.

Yeah well I mean you didn't read 421 of them and I related to zero so far.

Yeah well maybe we could give this one the CBB pump right.

Yeah that's a play on the CBB pump of course but it's for pumps for you.

One pump two pumps let's sell some books for my man lusty.

Yeah where can people get this?

You can get this online.

Where do you mean by that?

Well my name is Jack Lusty so keep googling Jack Lusty.

Just keep googling it.

At some point something it will be a website.

I haven't got it together just yet.

They'll try to get a little bit of the funding.

So check in every couple of days.

Every couple of days.

Also your name Jack Lusty I don't know that I want to google that.

Just constantly.

Just constantly google Jack Lusty.

A lot of weird shit at some point.

Because first of all Jack.

And like I don't know.

It does sound like you need help with your bedtime routine though I have to say.

Oh I don't follow this you don't want to go to Albania.

Maybe I hardly ever see.

You don't want to go to Albania.

Maybe I come over.

Maybe we you know tape you up and see where the night takes us.

By the way this is not like the coffee situation.

She does not want you to ejaculate on her.

She just wants to take you to Albania.

We don't know that this could be okay everybody could be an expanded edition to.

Maybe.

Can I just buy one story?

Scott you've been telling me about looking at my phone and recently I just got a.

The reason I'm looking at my phone is because I got an alert from my credit card that says I've purchased one ticket to Albania one way.

Oh when did you get my credit card?

Well so actually this is this is the thing everybody.

We're all going to go on a trip.

Okay all of us.

Yeah we're leaving for Burbank soon so everyone's going to have to get there.

You just got bar him at this hour.

All the studios are getting out.

It's crazy.

So did the Warner Brothers universal that kind of traffic.

I packed your bags and everything we're so good to go.

I don't know.

I'm just going to tape you guys up and we're on our way.

Alright well look before we do that we're running out of time here guys.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

That is of course a little something called plugs.

I'm from the streets.

Oh my god.

He's stupid little bitch.

Made by Tucci.

Yes that was Lily's lament by Tucci.

Wow.

What a beautiful voice.

I feel like that music could go along with any of the stories in your book lusty.

Yeah I mean it's short enough.

She gets three pumps in.

You dip out.

Hey I'm always looking for producers to help me with my audiobook.

I haven't done it yet.

Maybe you need a producer.

Just someone just press record.

Well I don't think.

Well hit record Joe.

He could help you out.

Okay well we'll talk after.

Alright guys what are we plugging?

Frankie Flush obviously.

You must have things to plug.

Yeah well of course I did the plumbing for a little television show on Amazon Prime called Fairfax.

And you know season two dropped on Friday so all the episodes are available on Amazon.

Really?

That's right.

And what is this show about?

This show is about a bunch of hype.

Is it about the mattress stores on Fairfax?

Absolutely not right.

Okay.

I mean they might actually go there in an episode but this show is about all the hype beast little kids that live on Fairfax looking for fresh sneakers and new fashion and it's kind of like South Park for ticktockers.

Okay.

Is that a good bitch?

I don't know.

I'm going to watch it after hearing that.

I was looking at it and I'm like dude I should have said that.

It sounds like a bunch of butler that's like I guess I got all those things sound good.

But it's got an incredible cast.

You've got of course the amazing Billy Porter is one of the stars in the show from Cinderella.

From Cinderella you got Jabuki Yungwa.

You got the whole cast it's really fun.

Who did you?

And I second Jabuki.

Oh okay.

I mean come on.

Are you on Twitter?

Uh barely.

Alright well I'll forward you some of his tweets.

They're very fun.

Thank you.

So you check out all the episodes on Amazon Prime and they're all out right.

They're all there.

Season two that shit is funny as hell.

Very good.

Alright Lena Donne Homme what uh what would you like to plug here?

So I helped a woman recently with her bedtime routine.

Gorgeous actress named Lily Sullivan.

Oh yeah I know her.

She's stunning.

What was the problem with her bedtime routine?

The bed's too big and she felt like she was drowning.

But it was only a twin bed.

She's very small right?

Normal sized and she fit right in it.

Everything was normal about it.

She just needed to get taped up.

Okay.

Just totally taped up.

Totally taped.

Yeah fully taped like the mummy.

Not the Brendan Fraser mummy.

No.

Yeah the original mummy.

Um okay so yeah you guys really should follow her online at LALYYILY and then also I think she's in a show called Killing It on Peacock a little bit.

I thought you were going to start a little bit of Monica in my life.

And then she's also got a great podcast called This Book Changed My Life on CBB Prunes.

Alright sounds very good.

Alright Jack Lusty what would you like to plug?

You got anything out there?

Um I would like to promote my book Yes I Finished by Jack Lusty.

Like I said continue to just Google Jack Lusty and at some point.

How often?

Um I would say at least once every week.

Once oh okay that's not bad.

Once a week.

Google Jack Lusty Finished.

Yeah Jack Lusty.

What about Lusty comma Jack?

What about Lusty Finished?

I mean hopefully I'm thank you guys for giving me all the buzzers.

I need to be able to put into Google to make sure that it comes to my page.

Um also I want to promote the one guy I called him in the parking lot of a Ralph's and he asked I begged him to buy the book this book that I actually have right now.

He bought it.

I had to borrow it back in order to bring it to the show.

So you sold it to him before he read it.

The Proto Jack.

Yes I borrowed the Proto type back.

But I've told him that in exchange I would promote his stuff.

His name is Bones Adrian he's on Twitter and I think also on Instagram hopefully I'm saying that right.

He seems like a charming guy.

Bones and Adrian it's hard to miss the house though.

Right so hopefully I'm saying that right.

I don't know.

He wrote it down on a sheet of paper and I'm just I'm just I'm just I'm reading it right now Bones and Adrian.

Yeah it's crazy to say.

And he seems like a really cool guy and I think he said that you know if you want to see what he's doing or whatever he usually post about it.

So I think that's what he said but he's the first person I brought a book but hey you you listener can be the second.

Alright that's a good speech.

Just Google that out there.

I want to plug first of all look head over to CBBworld.com we got a lot of great stuff.

First of all all of the the full archives of this show all of the previous live episodes and ad-free episodes are over there.

Plus so much stuff the aforementioned CBB presents.

We have some great ones one coming out this week.

We got episodes of Hey Randy and Big Chunky Bubbles just put out an episode of his show.

Plus we have bananas for Bonanza and we have three them over there and Scott hasn't seen.

I believe we're watching Paris is Burning this week.

But I also want to talk about the tour.

Oh my god the CBB tour we are coming to a town near you if you live near these towns.

All of August so many dates and we've been putting the lineups together and they're looking really good.

So I'm really excited for everyone to see as we haven't been out there in like four years.

So we're excited to see everybody head over to CBBworld.com slash tour and you can buy tickets and let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand and put it on.

Take the other hand and down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you open up the plug bag.

Open it up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag you open up your heart and know the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

Open it up the plug bag.

Oh no.

I know.

Oh you know.

That was great.

That was frankly Mr. Stanky by God damnit Russ.

Thank you so much to them.

Alright guys I want to thank you so much.

First of all Frankie Flush.

You were on thin ice but you never said I was stupid this segment.

Well you actually cleaned it up.

You sounded pretty smart when you were talking about books.

Thank you so much.

We're good friends.

We're good friends now.

Will you help me defend myself against the toilet stoppers?

We stop toilets dead.

I don't know about that.

Alright the death squad of plumbing so I do need protection if there's anyone out there that's helping.

I'm not quite sure about that.

Jack Lusty want to thank you so much.

Good luck with your book and good luck finally achieving orgasm.

I appreciate that.

What do you think an orgasm feels like?

I think it feels like when somebody punches you in the stomach.

No.

But like you like it.

Okay.

I guess for some people maybe.

That's what it feels like to me.

I always go ah boom.

And then I lose my breath.

Yeah.

Alina Dunham.

Hum.

What?

Dunham.

Sounds like you're saying Dunharm and I'm worried that you are harming people.

I'm harmed.

Yeah do know harm as they say in the medical profession.

But so what are we doing?

So I'm so excited.

Everyone has their pack.

I guess I haven't even looked down.

We're all kind of taped.

My arms are taped together.

My legs are taped together.

I didn't realize we're taped together.

When did you do this?

So I did it while you guys were talking about orgasms.

Oh God.

You're so enjoying our travels.

You got your eyes for glazed.

Oh if we were doing a podcast we had to talk about it.

Hey I don't expect anything less.

But I just, I'm excited to get to Burbank with you guys and we're going on a surprise trip.

Are we going to have that as we're going to have our baby on our day?

No idea where we're going to go.

It's going to be amazing.

Probably Vegas.

Oh God.

Okay.

She's putting the paper on my mouth.

Oh yeah.

Use your nose.

You guys are going to think me later.

It helps your skin so much.

They're exfoliating.

All right.

Well if I come back and do the show next week I've made it back from Albania.

Hopefully.

Yeah.

Can't wait.

All right guys.

Bye.

Here you go.

Bye.

You I'm going to go back to the next slide.
