---
layout: page
title: 762. Ryan Rosenberg, Monika Smith, Dave Theune [62afc4425cb8e1001616efd4].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ And Apple a day keeps the doctor away, but in Apple a second, it's death then, I reckon.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Rhymes and is factually correct, I believe.

Thank you to Call Waiting for Godot.

Oh, Call Waiting for Godot.

Welcome back, catchphrase superstar.

And welcome back to any returning listeners.

And welcome to any first-time listeners.

And last-time listeners, I would imagine as well.

This is Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

My name is Scott Ocherman.

I'm the host of the show.

This is the show.

It used to be the show where we talked to interesting people.

Then it became America's podcast, Fashioned Upon America's Team, as we know the Atlanta Braves.

And then I thought that was too reductive, so now it is humanity's podcast.

Although we are expanding to the birds and beasts of the field as well.

If they can find themselves near any sort of intelligent pod or stereo system or Alexa.

Oh, sorry to trigger everyone's Alexa's.

By the way, that would be very funny if every character heard, I mean, guest on the show were named Alexa coming up in 2022.

But we do have, speaking of coming up, we have a great show.

A little bit later, we have an author, we have a pharmacist.

Oh, a pharmacist.

That's, you know, in these days, we got to track that very closely, where our pharmacist is, what they are supplying.

But before we get to that, we have, oh, this is interesting.

My producer, Devin, has listed him as a prospective buyer.

Perspective buyer.

Okay. I don't know.

I believe Conan's podcast company just sold, if that's what you're looking for.

So sorry, you may have missed out on that.

But please welcome to the show, Craig Zlist.

Hey, how you doing?

Hey, Craig, Craig.

Yeah, Craig.

Zlist is your last name?

Zlist.

Yes.

Is that Zlist?

Zlist is that what you said?

Zlist.

What is that?

Yeah, IST.

Is that, where, where, where, where, where, where.

I think it's German.

Oh, really?

I think so.

I never really asked my parents.

Why not?

Well, because we're from here.

Okay.

So I just didn't really have much more curious.

You had no interest in your last name.

I don't care.

I don't care who the people before me were.

Oh, is that- Not her bad.

So even your parents?

Well, I know them.

You know them.

What about grandparents?

Couldn't care less.

Really, you never met them?

Honestly, I'm glad they're dead.

You're glad they're dead.

Because I don't know what they did.

So I don't want to have to own any of them.

So you never met them as a young child up till now?

Well, when I was really young, but I couldn't ask any questions yet, and I didn't have it.

How did they pass away?

I mean, it seems like- They passed away of old age.

Old age.

So you must have very old parents.

Do they have children late in life?

I'm hoping my parents pass a old age as well.

We'll see.

Hey, that's the best way to go.

Isn't it?

As far as I'm concerning.

Unless, you know, unless the complications that come with that bring you a lot of pain.

Yes.

That's right.

Because then maybe- If it's going to be a good one for me.

De-appitation in a car crash would be preferable.

Short age, absolutely.

Young age, I hope they become deceased.

I want to be the last person ever to live on Earth.

What about you?

Sounds lonely.

Sounds pretty lonely.

Well, I'm not saying I would be there for like decades.

I'm just saying like, I want to be the last one.

I want to win.

Can I ask you a question?

Would you go nude?

Interesting.

Or would you still clothe yourself?

Ah, I mean, it's like one of those questions.

When you go to a hotel, and you're alone, do you just like- It's really weird to usually put on some underpants, or at least, and a D-shirt?

Yeah, I'll start nude.

And then I'll put on underpants only, for sure.

Well, hey, this is a pretty nice place.

This is a pretty cool place.

I don't know what your producer told you, but I'm actually here- Yeah, he said, uh, perspective buyer, which I don't know.

That doesn't- I don't have no idea what that means.

What do you- What do you need here?

No.

This is- it's a studio.

I mean, during the backyard era, yes, I was living where I was recording.

That makes sense, but- Then we moved to the studio here, and I decided to stay living there, and not move in here.

So- That's- that's wise.

I think that's wise.

Yeah.

Well, it's a great spot.

I'm just- Are you- Are you looking to buy this studio, or what do you- Oh, no, no, no.

I'm actually- I'm responding to an ad about headphones.

It's a lot of 12 headphones.

Oh.

12 pairs of headphones.

Someone selling 12 headphones here?

That's what the ad said, yeah.

And it gave an address of where to pick them up, or- Yes, it said- it said negotiable.

Of where to pick them up, or the price?

Well, it said both.

It said both, but I- I feel that I would start- I'd start at the locus.

I'd start where the ad said to go, and then I would- So the ad says to go- The instructions are go to this place, then negotiate?

Go to this place.

There will be headphones.

Cellar beware.

Which I wasn't sure what that meant.

Cellar beware.

I don't know.

Are you the seller?

I- no, I- I don't have headphones to sell you.

Oh, shoot.

It's a recording studio.

You are on a podcast.

I don't know if you know that.

What?

A podcast- You know Obama in Springsteen?

Those conversations?

Yeah, yeah.

Like the radio.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I know, yeah, I know that.

Well, that's really cool.

Congratulations to me, I guess.

Yeah, well, you are- I guess you're my- my A-block guest.

You're my lead-off guest on the show.

Whoa, I don't even know what that means that before the commercial?

Yeah, yes, exactly.

Yeah.

Cool.

So you picked that up pretty quick.

Do you have some sort of- Well, I listen to a lot of radio at home.

I don't have a television- You have a choice?

Oh, okay.

A lot of people think I can- Because they sell a lot of those, you know, second hand, which is seems- Are you a- You seem to be a second hand purchaser?

Oh, yeah.

I hit all the garage sales, the estate sales, the curb sales, the backyard sales, the- It'd be funny if Larry David had a curb sale.

Wouldn't it?

And he just sold memorabilia?

God, I would buy everything.

You know what I would buy?

I'd buy the theme song.

Yeah, that'd be good.

Don't- Don't- You play everywhere you watch that one.

Of course.

It'd be mine.

Yeah, you'd be- I would make you real depressed, I think.

I think- I would just go- Oh, God, here comes that theme song.

But a definite cast- Or all over my life.

Yeah, that's right.

Well, hey, this place is nice.

If you're looking to get rid of those 12 headphones, I'll take them off from me.

I don't think it's me.

I think maybe it's Devon, but my producer, or maybe just some of- Oh, you think you're selling stuff?

You know what?

I bet it's Ryan.

Really?

It's trying to sell all the studio stuff before he quits.

Oh, my God.

What a rip.

You know, that'll happen.

A lot of garage sales are involuntary.

Oh, how do you mean?

Involuntary garage sales?

Involuntary by the person who's stuff it is, voluntary by the seller.

Someone will steal everybody's stuff.

Oh, huh?

Family member.

Yeah.

We'll set up another family member, sell out everything in their home.

And that's when I come in and get a big old discount.

So you go to a lot of these sales.

So you- What are the- I mean- Before- Before we finish- Yeah.

Whatever I do buy, can you help me carry it to my car?

No.

Absolutely not.

All right.

Well, that's going to lower the price.

Yeah.

Especially when you say whatever I do buy.

Whatever I do.

Because it could be- You could be buying the toilets.

I'm not going to- I could.

I have no idea.

I'm not selling anything.

You're not selling the toilets?

Why would you put the toilet up on the dais like that?

Why would you put it up to be purchase?

Some people like to- You know, shit in a place of prominence, you know.

Right.

Look, I'm not selling anything, but since I have you here, can I talk to you about your methods?

Of course.

Yeah.

Is that all right?

Okay.

That's a nice pen.

Actually.

Yeah.

I don't think we're selling the pen.

I mean, that pen has been here for eight years.

I literally think that pen has been here all really long.

Probably a lot of people use this pen.

A lot of celebrities.

This feels like a- Yeah.

No.

I mean, look at this table.

There's a lot of signatures of celebrities.

They were all made with that pen.

So- It's a pretty sturdy table too, actually.

We're not selling the table.

Why?

Why do you like it?

Do you like spending money?

How much- If it's a deal?

Are you independently wealthy?

How are you able to just buy anything- You look at it.

Well, because I- Yeah, because I'm creative.

I go to these sales.

Half the thing is, these people already put it out on the lawn.

Right.

It's already gone in their minds.

It's gone!

You low-balled!

25 cents.

I'll give you a quarter for this pen.

No.

I mean, that might be a good deal, actually.

That's what I was saying.

Honestly, I'm shaking it around.

It feels pretty empty.

Yeah.

All right.

I'll take a quarter for the pen.

All right.

10 cents, 10 cents.

No.

You said a quarter.

I'll take a quarter.

Where we live in a different world than we did.

Put it down.

Oh, shoot.

All right. That's your stuff.

Okay.

Yeah. It's my stuff.

A quarter for the table.

No.

Look at all the celebrities' names on here.

Yeah.

They're not here.

I mean, not so much for this show.

But since that might be guessed- Yeah, now a lot of people are- CB on here.

A lot of people are- Craig's list.

Oh, you want me to put the name on the table?

Oh, please don't sign the table.

Why?

This is- I'm worried you're going to- If the audio goes down, I'm saying the table- Where are you going to John Hancock this?

And just sign the entire huge table.

You know, as soon as I sign, I found a dotted line here.

As soon as I sign on it, I own the table.

No.

No, that's not how it works.

Well- I know possession is nine-tenths of the law.

Do you know they just changed that?

Wait, how much is it now?

It's ten-tenths.

Ten-tenths?

Possession is the whole law.

Really?

Yes.

I know you have your hands on it.

Like you're holding it.

Like it's your- No.

You're- No.

My hands are on a do.

This is hands on a hard body.

I'm not leaving until I win this table.

Hands on a hard table.

Oh my god.

Give us some tips.

Give us some tips about- Like say I were to go down to a garage sale.

Yeah.

And I- You gave us one tip about always low ball, but that seems pretty- Right.

What are- Is there a certain time you should arrive or- The other tip is you don't have to just offer money.

A lot of people are open to bartering.

Bartering?

Yes.

What do you have that you're bartering with?

Well, for me- Other stuff you bought- For me, it's beef.

I got out of the dollar.

What? Beef?

What do you mean?

Beef.

I purchased with beef.

Are you a butcher?

No, no.

My truck- A butcher?

A butcher is my bank actually.

I took all my cash, turned it into beef.

And now- Current beef?

Yes, current beef.

Well, beef- I'm a little bit in beef futures.

Yeah.

That's what we might have- Because we might have- Because we might have a lot of current beef is going to go bad within a week.

Not at my bank.

I keep my money beef at the butcher.

In their big freezer.

In the freezer.

I'll give you- What's going to happen to you if like, Rocky goes in that freezer and starts beating up all of your money.

Well, I mean- It could be worth more if it's actually Rocky.

If it's just some scrub, it's probably going to be bad for my money at KB.

Well, this doesn't sound like a solid business fund, but I bet your butcher was very happy when you- The butcher's thrilled.

Because it's like a bank.

He can lend out that beef.

He can charge interest on that beef- Really?

But can you run a call on the beef?

And just say, I want all my beef.

And then suddenly he's- You know, has to go- He's beefless.

Yeah.

Yeah, I can.

What got you into beef?

Fascination.

With beef.

And beef- Okay.

The dollar goes up and down.

Yeah.

Beef lives forever.

No, it doesn't.

Are you sure?

Yeah, I'm very sure.

It goes bad.

Well- No, cows don't live forever, but beef.

I guess one could freeze the- I mean, the longer you freeze the beef, it- The worse it tastes when you actually unfreeze it.

Okay, so you're not going to sell me the table for beef.

That was tip number two.

Well, you were offering beef because you offered me a quarter first.

You okay?

When you're talking about a quarter of a cow?

All off- Because that's a better deal.

No, all for two ribs.

Beef ribs.

Two beef ribs.

For this table.

Are they prepared already?

No.

For just raw?

Yeah.

Well, they're not raw.

They're frozen.

I have to prepare them.

They're frozen.

Yeah, yeah.

You get to prepare them.

I- Oh, that's so nice of you.

You're welcome.

What if I prepared them wrong?

More supermarket should advertise that way.

It's like, no, this is- You get to prepare all this food.

I tell supermarkets that all the time.

Tell them it's pre-food.

All the time.

Do they welcome you in there?

Well, I need money.

I need money.

My job doesn't work.

And so- Where do you work?

Craigslist.

You work at Craigslist?

Well, I buy- Well, I buy- Your name is Craigslist.

No, that's my grift.

I buy and sell from people off Craigslist.

So you don't have a job?

I'm an independent retailer.

Ehhh, meaning you're selling things?

Or- And- I buy stuff at a- I guess- I must not be explaining this right.

I buy things at a discount.

And then I- And then sometime I'm gonna sell- You're a little?

A little?

Just a little?

What is wrong with you?

Okay, I don't have a job.

What are you, my dad?

I'm not your dad, but I sometimes wish I were, so I could discipline you, young man.

Jeez!

First round, you'll hear us.

This is your proper business plan.

Okay, all right.

Well, what should I do?

You should- Well, what are your skills?

Well, I have confrease beef.

I can- Global- If the butcher is making you freeze the beef?

Of course!

I have to clean the freezer if you can keep it there.

You put all of your money into this guy, and he's making- I don't have money!

I have money!

I have beef!

What can you do?

Like, what do you like to do?

Does some say, you know, if you do what you enjoy- If you do what you enjoy, and you'll work every day- You never work a day in your life.

Is that- Oh, okay.

Is that what it is?

What I enjoy is, I go on the internet, and I scour it.

Scour, meaning like every website you try to hit.

Well, every Craigslist website.

I scour one website.

I scour everything on one website, and I see my real site.

Craigslist.

Your name- Is your name actually Craigslist?

No.

Okay, yeah.

It seemed fishy.

Okay.

What's your actual- Fishy.

Fishy?

Fishy is my name.

It's my nickname.

What's your Christian name?

I'm not Christian!

I mean, what's your given name?

Peter.

Fishy.

Malarkey.

Peter- Peter Malarkey.

Yes!

And why do people call you fishy?

Because your last name is Malarkey?

Yes, exactly.

Because you like fish.

Well, I love beef.

To have a nickname of fishy is- I would eat beef.

Red meat?

I eat fish.

I don't eat beef.

Why?

Beef is- Okay, have you ever heard of Bitcoin?

I- Yes, unfortunately.

Okay.

So beef coin is like- Beef coin.

Yes!

I know.

The butcher chops them up into little coins, and then they- Little coin!

They would eat- I mean, okay, I guess- You've had beef medallions?

Beef medallions, and then mini sliders.

There you go, mini sliders.

Wait, sliders are mini on their own, right?

You don't have to say- Yeah, mini slider would be like a Ritz cracker, sandwich size thing.

That actually is making me sound- It's making me very- It's making me salivate!

Yeah, I mean, putting a little tiny beef medallion in between two Ritz crackers.

That sounds pretty good, man.

I'll sell you two of those.

Sell me two of those.

Or I'll give you two of those for- I like this lamp.

Yeah, I'm putting a good lamp.

Well, it's pretty dirty and old, but I like it.

You like it.

What do you like about it?

I mean, it's dirty and old.

It's got character.

Yeah, I don't even know what it's doing in here.

You want to sell it?

I don't think it's mine, but yeah, I'll sell it.

Sure.

I guess anytime I'm in the room, anything that's in the room is sort of mine in a way, right?

It's just your castle, isn't it?

I mean, you built this.

I'm doing a show, I owed everything in the room.

Yes!

That's how I view it.

Yeah.

All right, so I'm giving you two little beef rits and which cookie cracker things- For that lamp?

For this lamp.

Eh, but I'm getting screwed here.

What if you throw in one of the toilets?

There's only one and I sincerely believe it is not working correctly.

Well, they're not here!

There's a sign next to it saying, do not flush toilet paper, which is like you should be able to- Yeah, even I'm not taking that deal.

What does the toilet good for?

If it doesn't accept shit.

Yeah, exactly.

It's like, hey, don't put any shit in this.

Don't put any toilet paper.

Right.

Can I pee in this?

You're on this!

Not a good idea.

Right, is the urine too thick to flush?

Geez.

Do you have thick urine?

How did I give it away every time?

Yeah, I could tell just from the look on your face and when you said it, you kind of shifted your eyes around like, I hope he knows something.

Well, thick makes it seem a little bit childish.

The doctors call it viscous urine.

Yeah.

Is it like the- Disgocity of- Stained glass.

Stained glass.

Before it hardens?

No, technically stained glass is always in motion.

What?

Yeah.

You didn't know that?

Look at a stain.

I didn't even know what it means.

Stained glass.

Oh, I don't know how to explain any better stained glass.

It's always in motion.

I- When I used to go to church, they were stained glass windows and they just sat there.

Because you're only going for 10, 15 minutes at a time.

You look at those things over the course of their lifetime.

It's like an hour and a half.

No, the bottom of the stained glass gets chubby.

The whole thing is the viscosity gets down.

Okay, so you're not good at science.

Jesus Christ!

What are you good at, young man?

I'm a purchaser!

Okay, so you're interested in business.

In a way, but you're not good at it.

Jesus!

Where do you live?

You don't live here?

Let's swap addresses.

I would love it.

I would love to swap houses with you.

Is that what you're saying?

No, just addresses.

Okay, good choice.

Good save.

You're about to be living in a dumpster.

Dump in one every night.

Dump.

Really?

Oh no.

Craig's list.

Oh, it's by choice.

It's by choice.

Wait, what was your first name again in the other...

in your real name?

Craig?

It was Craig.

Oh, uh...

My real name.

Yeah.

My Christian name?

Yeah, you're giving me.

Okay.

Peter.

Milwaukee.

Peter.

Milwaukee.

Peter.

Fishy.

Milwaukee.

I'll just call you fishy from here on in.

Because it sounds stupid to say Craig's list.

Right, and we're friends now.

Uh...

All right.

So a dumpster every night.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

Yeah.

Well, until I find a place, I'm just between places.

Do you have the money to it?

Uh, find a place?

Well, I have the beef.

Yeah.

I don't think a lot of landlords are accepting beef these days.

I see.

You're telling me it's a rip.

Yeah.

It's a rip off.

I know.

Because it's...

Yeah, it's just crazy.

What if you sold all your beef for money?

For money?

Yeah, for cash.

Like the dollar?

Yeah, the dollar or, uh, you know...

Um, how much would you give me for all my beef?

How much beef do you have?

God, probably like a million dollars worth.

You bought a million dollars worth of beef?

Well, I bought 900,000 dollars worth of beef.

It's appreciated.

What's your interest rate on the beef?

My interest rate on the beef is, uh, one bone per month.

Just a bone.

A rip bone a month.

Yeah.

Okay, so 12 of those, you know, that's a 12 back right there.

Exactly.

That's a full rack.

Yeah.

Um, so you have a million worth of beef?

Yeah.

What do you think?

You know, how much do you want to sell it for?

Love to sell it for a million, too.

No.

Absolutely not.

Well, okay.

You have 900,000 worth of beef.

I'm not, I don't think that it's appreciated, too.

Well, then give me 900,000 and one dollars.

No, I'm not, you're not going to make money on me.

You're not going to give me any profit?

Well, I'll call you.

This is your first tip.

Jeez, I should have done it in reverse.

I'll tell you what.

Do, uh, you got, where's all the beef located?

That, this is an important thing.

McCalls.

McCalls, and that's- McCalls butcher up on Hillhurst.

Oh, up on Hillhurst?

Really?

That's close.

They have a big back area.

Yeah.

Really?

You wouldn't expect- I wonder because they have a giant giant bag.

I was like, what is that warehouse doing in the back of there?

Why don't they turn it into something?

It's just holding your beef.

Yeah.

Um.

Beef ink.

Okay.

And it's quality beef.

It's USDA choice or prime.

Of course.

Primer better.

Primer, even better than prime.

Yeah.

I don't think it can be better than prime.

Can it?

Like, optimist prime?

Like, that's the best option.

This is optimist prime beef.

I'll give you $250 for it.

Because I have a big barbecue coming up.

For a $900,000 worth of beef?

Yeah.

Deal.

No deal.

Never mind.

No.

You can't say deal and then say no deal.

Have you ever seen, dealer?

No deal.

That's exactly what they do.

We have to call the banker.

Uh, wait.

Okay.

Let's get him on the phone.

All right.

Like the guy who runs McCall's or what?

Yeah.

The butcher.

All right.

Let's get him on the phone here.

Are we done?

Can we down the phone?

Hey.

Hello.

Hey, hello, McCalls.

What was it for?

Hey.

How are you?

Do you mind if I broadcast your voice on up?

It's not the radio.

It's a podcast.

If that makes you feel.

Jerry, you're on the radio.

Whoa.

Fishy.

Hey.

What's happening?

Listen, I'm here with Fishy.

My name is Scott Ockerman of comedy bang bang.

I don't know if you've heard of the show.

No.

I've heard of it.

You looking to invest?

Oh, no.

No.

I'm looking to take some beef off of Fishy's hands.

OK.

Well, uh, I got to get a little taste.

I got to get a little taste.

A little taste.

How much do you want?

How much of the beef do you want?

Is this what a banker usually does?

Yeah, he's got to take a taste.

He wins his beak.

But beak a little bit.

I mean, can I tell you he's already got a wet beak every day.

He's just soaking wet.

Really?

A ripper pound.

And, uh, the juice is running.

A ripper pound and the juice is running.

The juices are running clear.

Can I ask you how many pounds is in there?

Because he says he has 900,000 dollars.

800,000 pounds of beef in here.

900,000 pounds or 900,000 dollars?

The dollar worth a pound.

I'm ruined.

I can't afford this warehouse on the back.

No deal.

What happened?

I think I missed something.

Suddenly you're saying I'm ruined?

We're all ruined.

Let me just buy the toilet.

I'm buying all the beef for $250.

Sold.

No!

So not the no deal.

Hey, I want another toilet.

I want another toilet.

You want the toilet.

Okay, both of you have a problem.

Okay, $250 and we split the toilet and you got a deal.

And we need this fast.

The juice is running.

Okay, yeah.

You can take the toilet.

I get the beef.

$250 deal.

And you have to make another deal with me later.

Of what type?

Well, like a rumble-stiltskin type.

Okay, I'll take it.

All right, good.

If it's a rumble-skilt-some type, I'm in.

Good, good, good.

I don't have a first born.

Hey, I'm feeling pretty good about this now, actually.

All right.

Hey, so how's it going down there?

It's going a lot better.

I'm going to go over talk to Jenny's over at Jenny's Ice Cream.

Now I've got to explain some- Her name is Jenny's.

Her name is Jenny's over at Jenny's Ice Cream.

Over at Jenny's?

Yeah.

Jenny's had his bill that like mayonnaise.

It's got like jeans and then they're a's like mayonnaise.

What?

Jeans a's?

Jeans a's.

But it's pronounced- Jeans- Jeans- Jeans.

Yes.

Interesting.

Yeah.

So you got to talk to her about what?

She's an investor in McCalls and I feel like I've taken a real plunge here with this deal.

And now she's going to want her money out of this business.

So I got to figure out how I'm going to make that all work.

Okay.

Yeah, how much do you owe her?

I owe her a couple ribs and- Oh, you got to tell me- My ribs.

You got to- Yours and how yours but I got- You got one rib per- What was it?

Per pound?

One rib per pound and I would say- Ribs are a pound, aren't they?

A row that's one rib per pound or one pound per rib.

But also there's a fistful of sliders involved here and I'm going to have to figure that out how to get that back to her.

Okay.

Well this is none of this is my problem.

When can I pick up the beef?

You can- When can we pick up the beef?

When can we pick up the toilet?

Go pick it up right now.

I don't give a shit.

It doesn't even- What?

I'm just- Stuck in here.

I don't want to give.

It's really locked down in here.

I'll come by.

I'll come by with the- You're going to deliver it?

I'm going to deliver it.

I'll come by the truck.

We'll pick up the toilet.

We'll head over to Jenny's and I will celebrate at our little doms.

Okay.

Wait, we're all celebrating a little doms?

You're in.

That's right.

Sounds great to me.

We're new buddies.

So wait, I get all of this beef.

You get all the beef.

I give you $250.

Yes.

I have to do a deal with you a little later.

Rubble-stilts.

I have to be named Rubble-stilts.

I get to be named Rubble-stilts.

Oh, okay.

You have to be named Rubble-stilts.

We get the toilet.

You get the toilet and I get to party with you guys down.

A little dom.

That's right.

This is a good deal for me.

You have a met little Dom.

Oh wait, is this not the little Dom's the restaurant over there?

No.

Oh, what is- A little Dom's house.

A little Dom's house.

Who's Dom?

Deloise.

Dom?

Deloise's house?

Shh.

The guy would be slapped all the time in the cannon bar run.

Yes.

He wants to tell that story all the time so you're gonna have to listen to it.

He's still alive?

But I got bad news for you.

What?

Guess who's doing the slapping now?

Who?

Little Dom.

Dom, Deloise is slapping everyone.

He faked his own death because he was tired of being slapped by Burt Reynolds until Burt Reynolds passed away and now he's doing the slapping.

It's one of the greatest griffs of all time.

Oh my god.

I'm even more excited by this now.

So if you want to come party, now you know what it means.

So wait, I have to be slapped by Dom, Deloise?

I want to party.

Yeah, I mean, at least just for the stories.

Oh my god.

Okay, what time are we doing this?

10.30 am.

It's 2.30 pm right now.

Oh, we're not doing it today.

Oh, oh, oh, I'm sorry.

I'm, what are you talking about?

You have to give Dom a little time to prepare.

Okay.

He likes to put out a platter and he doesn't like, he wants to be, he loves to host.

Yeah.

Okay.

He's a big host guy.

Is he, is he oiling up his hands or something for the slapping?

He wants to slide right off your face.

So why don't we talk tomorrow to 10.30 tomorrow?

Tomorrow, 10.30 am.

10.30 am.

Yep.

Okay.

We'll bring the toilet.

You're going to bring the toilet?

We're going to pick up the toilet and of course bring it because once that thing's by our side, it's not going anywhere.

Oh, really?

Okay.

Does Dom not have an actual toilet?

Dad is not a working one.

Not a working one.

Oh, okay.

So this is a good deal for the party as well.

Two of those three way trades like in the NBA.

It's perfect.

You an NBA fan?

Of course.

Fishy?

Of course.

I tried to tell him.

Who's your team?

Well, it was the Bulls.

Then I found out they're not very good this year.

What an allegiance.

Yeah.

How'd you find this out, by the way?

Well, I saw that they were out in the playoffs.

I turned on the playoffs and I said, where's my Bulls?

And they were gone.

You thought you could have been paying attention to them before.

And you were a true fan.

I was shopping.

You were shopping.

Yeah.

Well, we're good friends now.

What was your name, by the way?

Mick Hall.

Yep.

Okay.

That's like Mick Hucknell without the nook.

Yeah, exactly.

The leasing her of Simply Red.

Ah, you don't.

You're preaching to the choir by the email.

I hate to do that.

Yeah.

They do that at my church all the time with a stained glass.

The wrong direction for us.

Yeah.

It's like, hey, turn around.

Talk to us.

Yes.

All right.

We're good friends.

They should be flipping those stained glasses every year.

Every year?

Every year.

Yeah.

Except then the picture would be upside down.

It would look like something else.

Yeah.

Good stained glass person makes the picture two ways.

Like a jacket.

Oh, yeah.

That's true.

Maybe if you're good at stained glass, that might be something you could get into.

Now, you're- I just know about stained glass.

I can't do it.

Do you watch the documentary on it or something?

I can't stain it.

You can't- It ends up as glass.

The- The- When's the staining part of it come into the process?

I- Yeah.

For me, it's every time I eat a sandwich.

Okay.

All right.

Nice to talk to you guys.

Mick, I'll see you at 10.30.

Was it at 30?

And then we're partying what all night?

Or- 10.30 a.m. tomorrow.

We're partying till around noon.

And then- Don't noon.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, all right.

Well, how long do you want to get slapped?

Yeah.

Trust me.

Not as long as you pick you up.

Okay.

Yeah, you're right.

All right.

This is a good- All right.

Uh, we're hanging up on you, Mick.

Love you, bye.

Love you.

All right.

Craig, can you stick around?

We have some other guests we gotta get to.

Of course.

Always nice to make a new friend.

We're gonna be right back.

We have an author and we have a pharmacist.

This is an exciting show.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

We have Craig's list, aka Fishy.

What was your first name again?

A Peter.

Peter.

Malarkey.

Peter.

aka Fishy.

I don't like Craig, but my name is Fishy.

My real name is Peter.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you- So what do you prefer to be called?

Fishy.

But you go by Craig.

I go by Craig.

Okay.

Well, it's great to have you, Fishy.

And we have to get to our next guest.

Is that okay?

So what happens on the show is I have- a few guests on and we're going to bring another person on and talk to them a lot like the way that I talk to you.

Oh, okay.

All right.

And this just goes out over the airwaves.

I mean, not airwaves necessarily.

I think people have to download or at least stream it.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

All right.

Okay.

Bites.

Once.

Zeros.

Yeah.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

All right.

Well, let's get to it.

She's an author.

Please welcome to the show F will be Dumpfrey.

Hello, F.

Hi.

Thanks for having me.

That didn't be here.

Yeah.

Do I hear a little, a little in your voice of Southern twang?

I know, do you?

I can't.

I thought that on your face when you're talking.

Oh my goodness.

I know the impulse is to turn your head and talk to me.

It is.

But then we're not hearing your voice.

There we go.

There you go.

So where are you from?

You're from the South.

I'm from the South and from Bama.

Bama.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Well, not all of it.

Just the Bama part.

This is the kind of joke that we like on the show.

Wonderful.

Which part are you from?

It's a small town.

It's called Fort Town.

Fort Town, interesting.

Yeah.

There are a lot of forts there or a lot of battles we're fought in the short now.

There were a lot of hope.

That's the other type of joke we like on the show.

A little last one.

You did comedy.

Oh, thank you.

Well, maybe I will try it at one point.

Until then, I'm stuck doing this.

So it's wonderful to meet you.

You're an author.

I am self-published.

I wrote a book called Dog E Dog.

Dog E Dog.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

We had a self-published author on the show last week.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So, uh...

Well, competition.

Well, I don't view artists competitive necessarily.

Unless you're going for that Emmy, you know, I have two of them.

So, uh, and though, in that respect, I did kind of view art as a competition.

And I was glad that I won.

The other years that I didn't win, I didn't view it as a competition necessarily.

But, uh, I don't think another author is a competition for you as much as it's just a wonderful world where anyone can buy any kind of, uh, book that they like.

Yeah.

And I think everyone should buy my book because I learned a lot from this experience.

Tell us about your book.

What is it?

Well, let me just start with my husband.

He left me.

Oh.

Okay.

It's all right.

It was just a recent thing because of the book or...

Seven years ago.

Oh, seven years ago.

Seven years ago.

He left me, got...

Got the kids.

So, I watched that movie.

Got the kids.

How does that happen?

You know.

You think the woman would get it.

Yeah.

But I guess, you know, who knows what for town thinks.

Women lately.

Oh.

So, it was a misogynist kind of judge, you think?

Probably.

Oh, interesting.

But you know what?

It's okay.

Because what I did is I watched that movie with that hairy man, Mrs. Doubtfire.

The...

Oh, oh.

I thought you were talking hairy in the Henderson's for a second.

Oh, no.

That very hairy Williams man.

Rob Williams.

Yes.

The, uh, RIP, of course.

He's no longer with us.

Well...

But he lives on as a Mrs. Doubtfire with a drive-by fruiting.

And RIP, my dog Rufus, because what I did was kill him.

And then I got a taxidermist to put his skin on my body.

And I pretended to be my family's dog so I could be near my kids.

Okay.

Just the skin?

Well, I have a cousin Judy.

And my dog was dying, so I didn't kill him.

It's more like I helped him out, you know.

Oh, you euthanize your dog.

You're...

I euthanized him, but to took his body.

Okay.

I guess that's not illegal to euthanize your dog, especially if your dog is impa- You say your dog was dying?

I think so.

You think so.

I mean, age is a number, and he was hitting four.

So it was kind of calm.

Four is young for a dog, I gotta say.

Well, I did seven years in his body, and let me tell you, it was starting to fall apart by the end.

Ah-ha-ha.

Yeah.

Okay. So wait, you...

You have a friend Judy?

Is that what you're saying?

My cousin Judy is a taxidermist.

Oh, I see.

So your cousin Judy did what now?

She made a dog suit for me, and I crawled inside, I'm a lady, gone on all fours, and I've been living like a dog for seven years, so I could be near my kids.

Interesting.

Okay.

So, and they think you're a dog?

They think I'm Rufus.

They do, okay.

They're happy to have Rufus.

Well, now they're in college, and I just kind of like being Rufus.

You know what I mean?

It's like an existential crisis, meets a shark-tutary board.

I don't know where the board comes into it, but...

Well, little pieces of laugh lessons.

That's what happened with a dog.

Got it. Interesting.

And so your dog name was Rufus.

And what did you do as Rufus that first day?

Did you just show up at the house?

First thing I did was shit.

Oh, sure.

Well, my husband left me, you know, so I was mad.

Oh, wait, this is back at your house, before you became Rufus?

Oh, when I became Rufus, I entered my husband's home.

Okay, yeah, let's cut to...

That's weird that your husband left you and you immediately shit because you were angry, but yeah, let's jump ahead to when you crawl into the Rufus suit and then then went to your husband's.

I'm in the Rufus suit, and I'm in the house.

And the first thing I did was I...

I guess what I'm wondering though is, how did you arrive as Rufus?

Were you like on the porch?

You didn't just like open the door, the door knob and walk in as Rufus?

I took Rufus and he snuck out and the kids were crying a ton, making posters, being like, we miss our doggy.

Sure.

And then I came back, but I was inside the Rufus body.

No, I understand all this, but okay.

Craig, fishy, you know how many I see him?

I thought that she was being Rufus.

I do know we...

This is...

We know this.

I'm wondering that first day, did you ring the door bell?

How did the kids come upon Rufus?

There's a doggy door and I'm a petite woman.

Okay, there we go.

So you just came in through the doggy door and they were happy to see you.

They were happy to see me and I crawled through that doggy door and I gave them all some licks, which is kind of fun.

Oh yeah.

Yeah, you know to lick someone for loving?

Yeah.

So I did that with...

Can I ask a question?

Are you doing that with the dog's tongue or with your tongue?

Yeah, that's a good question.

I had an apparatus attached to the tip of my tongue so it's a mix of my tongue and the dog's tongue.

I see.

So it was like a prosthetic with using the dog's...

The former dog.

I'm like Nicole Kidman in those movies where she adds a nose to her face.

Oh yeah, I love those movies.

But I added a tongue to my mouth.

Right, right, right.

Okay, so they're not tipped off to the fact that it's a...

I think they're dumb.

Oh, your kids are dumb?

They're in college right now.

Yeah, well, community.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Interesting.

So, I mean, wait, you said this was seven years ago so now they're in college.

Are they twins or something or are they...

Oh no, they're...

Well, you know, we did that thing where we had a lot of sex so we had babies nine months apart.

Oh, okay.

I was happy once they call it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Interesting.

They're now all in school and I'm still technically living with my ex-husband, As Rufus.

And how...

I mean, that's got to be a horrible situation to...

I mean, because I can only imagine he's...

kind of letting his guard down when you're around and just acting like he normally would act, you know...

He is and it's wonderful.

Oh.

You know.

You're seeing a different side doing it.

I'm seeing a different side to him and I'm seeing a different side to myself.

Really?

Yeah, there's something about not having any choices that can be fun.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Okay, so you're like now...

Because you don't supposedly don't have opposable thumbs, you're not allowed to feed yourself, you're not allowed to go outside whenever you want.

You're sort of on a schedule and you're on your ex-husband's schedule.

I'm on my ex-husband's schedule and he wants to go out, I go for a walk.

And when he wants to stay in, I lay and look out the window and let me tell you, it's great.

Yeah.

I know what every flower on my block smells like.

I bet you don't.

Ah, no, I don't think I do.

I mean, probably good.

Well, I think this is very good.

Unless it's been pissed on by a female dog, then don't smell it.

It's not terrible.

I mean, some say like that's a great way to live is just get rid of all of your choices.

I know Michael Kors, he just wore the same outfit every single day because he didn't want to have to devote any kind of brain power to picking out clothes.

Bro, Michael Bama did that.

Bro, well, he wore that tan suit that one day.

Well, he said, I want to be president and that's it.

Okay.

You didn't have to decide other stuff.

Oh, yeah.

You don't have to go which job do I want.

He's just president.

I get it.

I'm very much like a rock.

It's a dad shows a dog body.

Yeah.

No, so it's interesting.

I mean, I can only imagine life is simpler for you, right?

You're just told, I mean, I would get tired of food.

You know, you get used to it.

Yeah.

You get used to the chewing.

I'm not arguing about what we're going to watch on Netflix.

He decides, you know, so there's something to like, all right, you want to watch that show a live again?

Okay.

A live again.

What is that one?

A live where they get where they're alone and they bring weapons and they got to live out in Canadian wilderness.

A live?

A live alone?

A live alone.

I don't know that I know this one.

It's called something like that.

I don't read much as a dog anymore.

So yeah, well, no, you can't.

So you start behaving like a dog in the brain.

Yeah, it is great.

Let me tell you, it is so empowering, you know.

You guys stop for me when I want to smell something.

Y'all will stop when I want to piss.

Y'all will watch.

I've never had my anus looked at more.

Well, you know, I mean, uh, hey, that's one of the benefits.

Yeah, because it says to me, I mean, if you're into having your anus looked at then.

I'm just saying I've always shot in private.

And now I just go and people watch it happen.

People watch it.

You like the people watching.

I can take my time and squeeze and hold.

And everyone's on my shit clock.

Yeah, no, I get it.

I mean, if you like people looking at your anus and watching you shit, I mean, and not reading, it actually sounds like a pretty good life.

Sounds like being in grade school.

Yeah, no, wait, a little bit.

A lot of people look at your anus and grade school.

Only while I was shooting, people were watching you shit.

I had to go to the doctor a lot.

Oh, yeah.

So the doctor was watching you shit or people were.

People were watching you shit and that made you go to the doctor.

Yeah, I had doctor.

Why are you doing this so much?

Yeah.

So you are making be.

Oh, shit, we're getting a call.

Hello.

Hey, this is McCall.

Hey, Mick.

Second time caller a long time listener.

Oh, really?

Is you've listened to the show before?

Yeah, a couple of times.

Which one?

What's your favorite?

Uh, this one.

So anyways, uh, hey, I just want to make sure I got this right.

How did the dog get to the door again?

Oh, you've been listening while we've been doing the show.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Well, uh, I guess, I guess, uh, just wandered through the doggy door.

Doggy door.

I know I got big hips for breeding, but I was able to fit in that roofist body and sneak through that dogate door on a, on a slant.

Oh.

Where you just kind of twist your body a little, use angles.

Oh.

Oh, you're doing that.

Oh, sort of squeeze a cheek through and then, uh, when it's in the crack, you kind of like, you know, shoveling.

You wiggle back.

Yeah, you know the move.

Anyway, it's, uh, it's a good dance song.

These are lyrics for a good song.

You squeeze the cheek through.

When it's in the crack, then you wiggle back.

You wiggle, wiggle back.

I'll be playing that in the store.

Anyway, just what it's like in a relate to, uh, the old people watching your shit in grade school.

And also, I made some bad investments with the, with the beef.

We don't have any more people.

We do have a lot of pork.

Just want to let you know it'll be pork.

It will not be beef when you, uh, come to pick up the beef.

How much pork?

It'll be, uh, two to seven pounds.

Two to seven pound for $250.

Yeah.

This is a bad deal, man.

No, there are no.

No, no for me bad deal for man, not the deal that I made.

Now that's the way it goes here at McCall's.

Come on down.

We got a way it goes here.

That's not a way you could do business.

Say that's the way it goes here.

That's a way that's a way that's a way me.

All right, hang up on this guy.

Oh my God.

Uh, I'm sorry.

I'm in the middle of a beef deal.

Let's turn into some sort of pork deal.

This is.

Oh man.

I mean, I think pork tastes good.

It's the other wat meat.

Yeah.

But, uh, what are you eating?

I mean, what's your diet?

I eat a lot of kibble.

There was a time when my husband tried to switch to a cheaper brand and I let him know that's not okay.

How do you let him know that you pout or?

I wind a bunch.

I farted a ton.

I chewed up all the dicks he loves.

You know, it's a literal ton.

Oh, okay.

Like a cubic.

Yeah.

Okay.

It's quite fun.

I mean, I'm telling you y'all it's liberating being a dog.

Yeah.

Well, tell us about the book.

So what did you, I mean, you're not reading all that much, anymore. How did you write the book and when, how did you, where did you find the time?

Is this while your ex-husband is sleeping?

Yeah, because I nap in the day a lot.

So at night, I would write the book in my dog bed, you know.

At first, it was for my kids, but then I realized I don't like my kids.

Really?

So you need this to be around your kids and you don't even even really care for them.

You know, they're pretty terrible and selfish and they do a lot of dance.

Did you learn that as a dog?

Is that it took me to be a dog?

Because as a parent, I was like, they look like me, they act like me, I love them.

And then as a dog, I was like, you're annoying and shit.

Yeah, here as I'm thumbing through the book here, it gets less person-like and more dog-like.

As it goes on.

In a small way, does it just turn into a fake rough rough?

Yeah, rough rough.

There's one chapter that's just howl.

Yeah, just howl.

And have you ever really howl?

That's like how in Ginsburg chapter.

Yeah.

It's actually pretty enlightening.

Wow.

So this, the book, you started it when you started being the dog and then it just, it.

Yeah, I think maybe it was the tragedy and trauma of divorce and then you realized- Is that I had divorce for you?

What happened?

I mean, it was my only divorce for me.

Yeah.

I'm a student at it.

Dogs don't get divorced, do they?

I don't think they do.

No, I was reading about seagulls recently and not to brag, but I have an exciting life.

And apparently they're monogamous.

But then the article I was reading said occasionally they'll divorce, which divorce is a legal term, is it not?

Yeah.

I don't think you can really use it as that.

See, I'm trying to get those animals to listen to this show because I think humanity's podcast is just too reductive.

So I'm talking about seagulls now.

Wait, you're a businessman.

You always got to look for the next five years.

Yeah, you're like, I need to widen the inflow.

If you should go for crows, they're much smarter than seagulls.

You think so, really?

Oh, yeah, you leave treats for them.

They'll come back and they'll stop bringing you gifts.

Interesting.

Okay, so the murder of crows, murder is of course a group of crows.

Why do we name every single animal on Earth has a different name for what we call a grouping of them?

Let's just consolidate this.

Let's call everything a bunch or something like that.

I love that.

I like it.

Also, we don't have a name for a bunch of humans.

We have for all the other animals we got something for humans.

School of fish.

School.

Yeah, I just said that.

A fish.

Okay, a fish.

I thought you were going to add one, but you just repeat what I say.

I know they're other ones, but I don't know what they're all the ones too, but it's not worth even bringing them up at this point.

That's why it's good to be a dog.

I don't need to care about names and figures and things.

Yeah, you ever have another dog try to, you know, give you the business?

A little bit.

That's his name.

Oh, a little bit?

Yeah, a little bit.

He's his tough little dog on the street.

I think he got named after the kibble, little bits and bits.

Oh, yeah, that's cute.

It's a little bits.

Cute.

So what did your ex-husband?

He wasn't looking one day and then suddenly a little bit came up on you.

He wasn't looking a little bit, started making a move.

I got to be honest though, it had been a while.

Just to have a touch, you know, everyone's rubbing my belly, which has my titties attached, so it's kind of nice.

It's kind of nice, yeah.

So your ex-husband is, you're showing your belly and then he's just rubbing your tits.

He's rubbing my tits and he doesn't realize it.

He doesn't realize.

He's rubbing them up.

Yeah, he's rubbing them, but he doesn't know it's his ex-wife.

But this is turning you on when you're getting your tits rubbed.

It does feel good.

It does.

Any woman who says it doesn't probably his line, it does feel good.

Probably.

That's the way I've always felt.

He can't trust a woman, but a dog.

That little bit's also, he knew what to do.

You know, he sniffed me first.

He licked around my ear, he made little gentle sounds.

Oh, this sounds undog-like.

That's practically a date and dog language.

Yeah, he never asked me on a date, but you know what?

I'm not the date and type.

Yeah.

I'm still technically married because I disappeared.

Oh, yeah.

Well, you did disappear.

Yeah, I mean, I haven't even thought about that.

Yeah.

Did the police ever come by your ex-husband's place?

I think they did.

You know, I was kind of hoping you'd be up on murder charges and be me and the kids.

Ah, yeah.

You know, I left blood stains, but they were like, oh, she's just menstruating.

Oh, this is a misogynist town.

Yeah, it's very Bama, let me tell you.

Yeah.

What was it, St. Fort?

Fort Town.

Fort Town, yeah.

Yeah, a bunch of misogynists on the police departments.

Mm-hmm.

ACAB, of course.

Of course.

And then the judges, boy.

But let me tell you this.

It goes all the way to the top.

Male dogs ain't misogynists.

They're lovers.

Yeah.

So that was just once that happened to her.

That happened once, but then I started going to the dog park and let me tell you, I felt freer than college when I made out with a woman and let her touch my left breast.

Oh, wow.

Oh, an actual woman or a female dog?

No, I let a woman touch my left breast.

I thought if she touched both, it would maybe confuse me too much, so I just gave her a handful.

Oh, OK.

It doesn't sound like you were feeling that free.

I wasn't that free yet, right?

Yeah, if you show one titty, it's like, oops.

But do you show both, your kind of, your in?

It's like you're in the water.

Are you serious?

Not to focus on these, but are they out or are they covered by the dog?

They have a very short fur across them.

OK.

You know, so it is pretty much female breastes with a little bit of hair.

Like a short coat.

It's like a half look.

Yeah, yeah, like right now.

Oh, hold on. I'm working another call.

Hello.

Hey.

This is comedy bang bang.

My call, third time call.

Hey, Nick, how are you listening to the show while we're recording?

I'll tell you what.

I'm listening to with my teeth clenched, because this is a family butchery.

And I got this pumping through the speakers.

And we got.

Sorry to say titties so much.

Yeah.

I mean, this part of the story intrigues me.

OK, well, just remember.

So you're here to give us the note to just, it's not that kind of show?

Because I've got a show, right?

I got a butcher.

Don't you see titties all the time?

Yes, I see titties all the time.

But I don't go.

I don't go announce it.

You chop them off.

You don't actually like.

But you're rubbing on them, right?

You got to tenderize that meat.

I bet you rub a good meat titty all the time.

Yeah.

I read that part of what we're known for here.

McCalls.

I do rub a good titty.

But that's what we're talking about.

You do what the chopped off titties.

Make little hats.

OK.

Like party ads?

Like for like, we sell to Hasbro for, there's a lot of bad.

Hasbro meat?

Yeah, interesting.

Yeah, these are like stocking caps.

Anyways, just want to call a quick telly.

So that Hasbro, and they use them as stocking.

Hasbro is really getting big.

Does anything close now?

Damn.

OK.

So I'm getting pretty close.

First voice.

Anyway, I have a question.

You wrap it up?

I'll wrap it up.

I just want a quick telly.

I got a good time.

Real quick, you wanted to tell us what?

Yeah, we're on a party wrap.

Yeah.

There was a, there was a, there was a robbery here at McCalls.

Oh, no.

No.

They took what?

They took a murder of pork and now we're down to a bunch of, we're down to a bunch of bison.

So you'll be getting bison instead of pork.

OK, baby bison's better.

How much bison?

A bunch of baby bison.

This is getting worse and worse.

You should just tap.

Do I still need to go to Don De Loise's place and get slapped?

Yeah, I have to.

Now he's looking forward to it.

I already told him you can't take that back once it's out there.

Mm, that might be worth the $2.50 in itself.

It will be.

All right.

Love you.

Well, Ethel, where can people get this book?

Right now it's self-published.

You just got to write me an email and I will print you a copy at Kinkos.

How do you get to Kinkos though?

Do you have to wait for your ex-husband to actually want to go to Kinkos?

Well, I still got that doggy door so I can sneak out.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, these hips haven't gotten any bigger because I'm not breeding any more children.

You're a song.

Yeah, yeah, these hips are good.

Yeah.

The sequels do they don't lie.

And by the way, they haven't gotten any bigger.

All right.

Well, we need to take a break.

Ethel be dumb-free.

Can you stick around?

Because we have a very exciting next guest.

We have a pharmacist coming up.

Oh, okay.

I like drugs.

Oh, yeah.

I would imagine.

All right.

Well, we'll be right back with more Craigslist, aka Fishy.

More Ethel be dumb-free and a pharmacist will be right back with more comedy-bang-bang.

After this?

Comedy-bang-bang.

We're back.

We have Fishy over here.

And Fishy, is it time for that other deal after?

Or is that a little- Yeah, are you pretty attached to this carpet or is that on the table?

The carpet's not on the table.

It's on the ground.

Well, not currently.

Yeah, it's on the ground currently, but I'm wondering.

All right, Fishy.

Okay.

We also have Ethel be dumb-free is here.

I did piece on the corner on the carpet.

I just want to put that out there.

Yeah, you could have that part of the carpet maybe.

Yeah.

Yeah, why did you do that?

It's my territory.

You know, instinctually I felt like I needed y'all to know I'm part of this room.

Okay, well, yeah.

I mean, what's the weirdest thing you ever had to do as a dog?

You know, it's listen to humans cry.

Is your ex-husband crying a lot?

Oh my goodness.

What was he crying about?

People tell humans all their secrets and you know, he was mostly crying about me.

Don't tell humans all their secrets.

People tell humans dressed as dogs.

Oh, they're secrets.

Well, you left out that part.

Yeah, it's obvious I'm still in my dog outfit right now.

I'm just sitting up.

I didn't want to say it, but yeah, I mean, and that is, I mean, it's really rank.

It started to smell really bad.

Let me just say, whoa, right?

This dog's talking.

And said that although there's a dog.

Did you just turn around and look at her for the first time?

Well, I've been goofing on my cell phone a little bit.

What are you doing?

You're playing snake?

I wish.

I don't have snake.

I can't afford that.

What's on your cell phone?

We can you learn?

I got learn.

Worm and just 911.

Yeah, worm and then what?

All right, well, we have to get to our next guest.

He's a pharmacist.

This is exciting.

We all need a local pharmacist or global.

We can also talk about that.

Please welcome Ernie Shrimp.

Hello, everyone.

Thanks for everyone.

Hello, everyone.

I've had some guests come on and say hello, everyone a few times.

Really?

Yeah.

Well, this is if it's their catchphrase.

Never mind.

Anyway, go ahead.

Hello, everyone.

Good to see you, Scott.

Yeah.

This is a pleasure to be here.

Thank you for having me.

Ernie Shrimp.

Welcome.

Ernie Shrimp.

This is fishy.

Fishy.

Hey.

Fishy is over here.

It's a German.

It is.

Hey, Mal.

Hey.

Why would you think he's German from fishy?

Well, I feel like fishy.

That's a classic German nickname.

Oh, okay.

We also have this is FOB Dumfry, not a dog.

An actual woman dressed as a dog.

Right.

Whoa.

So let me put my specs on.

Oh.

Whoa.

Hello.

Yeah.

Blurrier than ever.

Still can't tell.

Still look like a dog.

Oh.

Wait, will you have spectacles that are blurry?

Yes.

Sometimes I like to get out of reality a little bit.

Oh, so you put on specs that make it more blurry.

More blurry, dream-like.

Oh.

It's all in your perspective.

So it's like you're undergoing a reverie of some sort.

Yeah.

Yes.

Every day.

Interesting.

Over at Shrimp's Discount Pharmacy Hut.

Shrimp's Discount Pharmacy Hut.

That's a lot of words that let me unpack these.

Mm-hmm.

So Shrimp, that's you.

That's me?

It used to be owned by your parents or anything like that.

I built it from the ground up Scott.

Ground up.

All me.

I would go from the sky down.

Really?

I'm going to tell you what.

You're going to run into logistical problems with that.

Probably gravity.

Yeah.

First starters, she's unforgiving.

It's really it's.

So Ernie's, no Shrimp's.

Ernie's not part of this.

Ernie's at the heart of it.

Ernie's not part of it.

Okay, so Shrimp's Discount.

So you sell your everything at a discount?

We sell, we don't sell everything at a discount, but everything that we have is discounted.

Because everything that we have, we don't deal with the name, brand products that are out there.

Okay.

Gouging your wallet.

Generic drugs.

Generic drugs and also Ernie's Online of Products.

Oh, so you have your own shrimp slide or how is it Ernie's?

Is it like Trader Joe's where it would be Trader Jose's for a while?

It's a little bit of that, a little bit of this, you know.

So Shrimp's is here, but then it's like Ernie's cholesterol pills.

Let me tell you what.

Yeah, yes.

Tell me what's something, would you go to the pharmacy?

Tell me something.

What do you, what's an item that you'd pick up?

I mean...

For gas-ex for you.

What do you think of gas-ex?

I don't know.

You should pick it up.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Now you're the one who's been farting a metric ton.

Either it's you or it's this dog that's farting a little bit.

Pretty sure it's the dog.

Okay.

Well let's say you're coming by to get your regular weekly pick-up of gas-ex.

When you come over to Ernie's Discount Pharmacy Hut, we're not selling you gas-ex at some inflated price.

We're selling you bloat-be-gone at a discounted price.

Okay, so bloat-be-gone.

So how do you figure out all these drugs?

I mean, you're a pharmacist.

So do you, are there ingredients on that?

Like, how does anyone do this?

There are definitely ingredients and we put ingredients in every one of our products.

Oh, yeah.

Guarindeed.

Great.

So how do you figure it out though?

Like when you take gas-ex, are you like...

Trialin' Air, Scott, Trialin' Air.

The Michael Richards Method.

Can I be honest?

Bloat-be-gone is a little corporate for me.

Really?

Yeah, it's a little mainstream.

Ernie's Bloat-be-gone?

You don't like Ernie's Bloat-be-gone?

What? I tried it.

I just, I'm looking for something a little more to me.

So you've been to Shrimp's.

Oh, of course.

Okay.

That's my favorite hut.

Well, that's the thing.

It's your favorite hut.

So if you come here and Bloat-be-gone is too corporate for you, then you got to try our sub-line of products.

In this case, try farting away.

Farting away.

I have tried that.

He gives it to treats to dogs that walk back.

Yeah.

Okay.

Remember that Tom Cruise movie?

You're going to have to be more specific.

I know where to go.

Thought we were talking days of thunder.

No.

He's farting in that car.

There's a lot of fun.

He's alone in it.

Why not?

But if he'd had farting away...

And a centrifugal force?

Sintrifical force.

Yeah.

Just got a few last men on earth.

Would you fart?

Yeah.

Me too.

Yeah, probably.

Yeah.

Would you do with clothes on or would you be with clothes off?

Yeah.

I'm doing it right now.

Yeah.

We can throw.

The freedom.

The freedom I have.

It's evident.

I will say his product worked great.

It made my eyes bleed a little.

Oh, really?

Just a tad.

That's some bad error with that trial.

Is it?

Yeah.

Or is that the intended outcome of my product?

No, I don't think so.

I think when someone picks up fart be gone or farting away, they don't want their eyes to be bleeding.

They just want their rectum to stop...

You're too.

That sounds to me like a Walgreens customer.

All right.

Always expecting a high quality, high performance products at a high price.

Well, yeah.

I'll pay a little more if it actually works and doesn't make my eyes bleed.

So that makes me a Walmart customer.

Sure.

Sam Walton and his Mart.

Yeah.

Well, then not everyone's like you, Scott.

All right.

Some of us are down here blue coloring it.

Just trying to get by.

So a little eye-blading is to be expected from our products.

We're wearing an Armani suit right now.

You're not blue collar.

It's a blue collar on my shirt.

Yeah.

Well, it's kind of a pattern though.

It's like it's very expensive.

Yeah.

It's an argyle.

Yeah.

Batter.

And I think...

But I don't want to argue about colors.

It's a little distracting for me.

It's a dickie as well.

What is going on with this?

Are you actually wearing a shirt?

It looks like you're just wearing a high-neck Mickey.

Yeah.

It's a high neck.

But some of us can't afford an entire shirt here.

So you can afford an expensive Armani suit.

I see.

I spend all the money on the suit.

Okay.

You say this is your favorite hut?

What's your second favorite hut?

Oh my god.

Photo hut.

What about pizza?

That's really that's all the way down to third?

I'm not a dominoes guy.

You're a dominoes guy?

What do you like the toys?

Once they admitted that their pizza sucked, I was like, finally we agree.

Fine.

Yes.

At least we can agree on this.

Yes.

I need an honest pizza.

So if pizza had were to agree or admit that they sucked, well pizza doesn't suck.

So what was it?

What did it do?

And pizza hut would go, you know what?

We're decent.

I'd go, that's my favorite pizza.

Okay.

But they're just not they're not talking about the quality.

No, they say they're awesome.

They're not awesome.

I just wish it was an actual hut.

Yeah.

I would eat pizza in a hut any day.

Yeah.

What about Java?

I would eat pizza there.

Is palace?

Yeah, absolutely.

Well, really.

Java's the pizza guy.

I mean, who do you if you have a question about food, you ask Java.

What about pizza the hut from space balls?

So this is, I mean, we're already down to like number six at this point.

Right, right.

I mean, he's funny.

He's very funny.

He's my favorite hut.

Donald knows my favorite hut.

What thought you said early?

He said, I mean, he's my favorite hut.

Donald's my favorite pizza place.

Oh my god.

What is going on?

What is going on here?

No, no, Ernie, you're my favorite.

I still get my warts away from you.

Yeah, warts away.

What does that do?

What does that cure?

They said that they take away the warts.

They give them to someone else.

Give them to someone else.

Yeah.

Who would they like someone that he lives with or just a random person?

Is this like the box where you hit a button and someone dies in the world?

Yeah.

Jesus Christ.

It was the best we could do.

We were on a time bomb.

I got a wart the other day and I was, is that from your warts away?

Probably.

I'm sorry.

Motherfucker.

Congratulations.

Wait, give me the warts away.

I want to give it to you.

Oh, oh.

Do we get to choose who we give the word to?

Yes.

Why did you choose me?

How do you know that's my wart?

A lot of people are buying warts away.

You probably got some enemies.

Yeah.

Yeah, you have a lot of warts.

So what do you do?

You type in the person's name that you want to give it to.

Into a database.

Yeah.

Register.

Yeah, there's a registry and then you type it in and then in four to six weeks, that person has got a wart.

Four to six weeks.

That's a little, I don't know that I like that type.

That's what you get with discount shopping, my friend.

You can't have it all.

Super fast.

This is Ernie's discount pharmacy hot, not pharmacy castle.

So you're in the holidays.

Yeah.

And that's on the commercial.

You can't have it all.

This is Ernie's discount pharmacy, what was the rest?

Well, you've seen the commercial so many times.

You tell us.

I didn't write the commercial.

Would you like to do that?

Maybe that's a job you could write in commercial.

I wish.

What's your, what's your idea for a commercial for Ernie over here?

Okay.

Ernie.

Because right, his slogan's a little lengthy.

You can't even remember it.

Right.

Ernie's pharmacy, we've got what you need if you want it to be anti-corporate and still work, but have a lot of loopholes.

I don't know.

That's a lot of reading.

You can't even, I mean, you'd be out first word.

No, I would just say Ernie's, we got drugs and they're cheap.

You know, if you don't want to be a dog anymore, you could be a copywriter.

I mean, dogs can be kind of smart, you know.

I do remember something.

Dogs can remember up to like 250 words.

If they, if they want to, if they really.

No, they're way home.

Yeah.

Did you ever get lost as a dog?

I did.

I got lost.

It was real, real scary.

Really?

Did you?

It was on Halloween night.

It was on Halloween.

That's a terrible night to get lost.

And I was walking on my hind legs as a woman does in a dog suit.

Right.

Wait, you, you walk on your hind legs all the time?

When no one's around, I like to feel famine.

I go back to my walk.

So did everyone think you were a woman dressed as a dog on Halloween?

I think they thought I was a dog who knew how to shuffle, you know?

Yeah, I know.

I was walking the streets.

I saw you.

I saw you walking by the hut one day.

I thought it was Bigfoot.

Yeah.

On your hind legs.

I'm really tall in the hind legs, but I'm really small in all fours.

You ever seen a woman in all fours?

Totally different size than when she's standing.

I've ever seen a woman on all four.

I'm trying to really, really, still go look back to my memory.

Do you remember?

Have I ever?

No.

No, I wouldn't look at that.

Three.

Yeah.

Three tops.

Yeah.

Three tops.

Three.

Maybe three.

Maybe you got a whole body, just the top part.

Just the tops.

Three tops of it and you're like, I won't look down.

On all fours.

Yeah.

Not looking down.

Well, that's how did you finally find your way back home?

You know what?

My sense of smell has really changed.

Yeah.

When you don't use all your other senses.

You're like, they're able.

Yeah, I am.

Or I'm like that guy on numbers or mentalist or...

Yeah, yeah.

One of those guys.

Jim and I look at you.

Jim and I look at you from Rescue Rangers.

Yeah.

He's got strong smell.

I got a strong...

I'm like a thundercat, but my sense of power is my sense.

Okay.

So you were able to finally smell your way back.

I smelled my way back.

Did your ex-husband put some dirty clothes it is out there by the door?

No, he's got a scent to him.

Oh, really?

He was wearing Dracar when we were in high school in the war.

He would wear that at the time.

He's ahead of his time.

Ahead of his time.

Yeah.

And so he still kind of sprinkles it on his nether regions.

And then when he gets sweaty like it just spreads.

Does he have dates come over to the house ever?

Or...

He does.

He eats a lot of dates, but he also brings dates over.

And let me tell you, it's upsetting.

Really?

Yeah.

Does he make you watch?

He doesn't make me.

He's not like dog watch, but I watch.

But you come into the room and you just like, yeah.

I make it uncomfortable.

I lick myself while they're doing their business.

Oh, can I eat each all the way down there?

Oh, yeah.

As a human, I could.

So this is just...

Oh, okay.

I mean, this is how you got interested.

Yeah.

I was already connecting with these animals in a way.

Interesting.

What do you think about that?

Ernie?

I'll tell you what.

She should make her way down Ernie's farm.

I've just gone pharmacy hutch.

She's already made her way down south in other ways.

She should make her way down to Ernie's discount pharmacy.

Speaking of down south, you need to visit our location.

Are you aware of...

Do you know where Paramount Studios is?

I do.

Yeah.

I mean, how do you usually get there?

I would take Van Ness off the one one.

I would take Van Ness.

You're a fool if you take anything other Van Ness.

Where you take a taff over there.

And then the mega right over there on...

Yes.

From there you take...

You go a tidy four hours and 40 minutes south.

What?

To the border of Mexico.

And that's where we're located.

On the other side?

On the other side.

Really?

You're in Tijuana?

Yeah.

So just get over to Tijuana and get yourself a discount.

Uh, I mean, people go to Tijuana for discounting things all the time.

They are already famous for generic down there.

Yeah.

Okay.

We're exactly.

And how do you think that started?

Oh my god.

You're putting your hands behind your head proudly.

Had the kicking back and relaxing like you did something cool.

It's like a cartel boss.

That's why they said...

Oh.

Wow.

I've always wanted to sit like that but I haven't dared.

Wouldn't you right now in this moment of victory like to enjoy a cold refreshing Coca-Cola?

Sure.

Do you...

I mean, do you sell Coca-Cola?

That's how we have...

We have a car-ka-car-lar.

So come on over.

It's just as cold.

If there's no fizz to it and it's thicker.

Okay.

I don't think the cold part of it is.

Like you're urine.

Yeah, it sounds like pee.

Yeah.

It smells like a dew.

The cold part of it isn't what I'm looking for in a Coca-Cola.

I mean, I can chill it or whatever I need to do with...

What are you looking for in a Coca-Cola?

I'm looking for the fizz.

I'm looking for the flavor.

I'm looking for the sugar and the taste.

I'm looking for the can.

You like it for the can.

What do you like about it?

You know, a good sturdy can that you can squeeze and it makes a crinkle sound.

Yeah.

That's worth it.

You put that in your mouth and you bite it hard.

Does your master not get...

Nothing is your master necessarily.

But your ex-husband, he doesn't give you a lot of toys or...

No, not really.

Really?

Yeah.

It's got to be frustrating.

It's a little bit so I bite.

Like I've gone through all his shoes, all his armani, all his dickies.

I'm bitting them all to shreds.

He's wearing a lot of dickies as well.

Dickies are a thing under fancy suit.

Really?

Twenty, twenty two.

Scott, people are wearing armani suits and argyle dickies.

It's the look of the summer.

It's too hot for a shirt.

Yeah, you stay cool underneath nips down.

You are nicking.

Did you know every can is worth five cents?

I didn't...

I guess I didn't know that.

Where do I...

Yeah, wow.

That's great.

All right.

Thanks.

It's just a business advice.

Yes.

Not our cans.

No, how much are your cans?

Our cans are 40% paper.

So they're going to be worth about three and a half cents.

What's the other 60%?

There's 60%.

There's...

There is aluminum and then there's also...

Do you know what the coating of a tic-tac is?

No, I guess a candy.

That's part of our can.

Oh, really?

A clear coat.

Yeah, it's a clear coat.

Interesting.

So how do you get the paper in there?

Is that mixed in with it?

Just the same way you get to Carnegie Hall.

Practice, practice, practice.

That's right.

Very good.

Oh my gosh.

So is this a successful business, Ernie?

Brrring!

Brring!

Hold on, we're getting...

Ernie, I really beg your pardon, but we've been getting calls all throughout this show.

Hello.

Hey, this is Mick Call.

Let me call.

Hey, Mick.

I've already...

Is that...

I've already...

This is at this point, but I've called a few times.

Love the show.

Yeah.

How's it going, man?

Things are going pretty well.

Hey, I want to introduce you to someone.

This is a new guest we have on Ernie Shrimp.

Oh, hey!

Uh, Nicole, how are you doing?

Oh, this sounds like quite the gentleman.

I'm telling you right now.

I'm loving the podcast at this point.

It's been very...

You like Ernie here?

I love Ernie.

Ernie, what do you think about that?

I love him.

Nicole, he sounds like a pretty great guy.

Oh, great.

Hey, hey, tell him I'm with you.

Domdoluis.

Oh, that's right.

Domdoluis, that's why I was going.

Domdoluis!

Oh, my God!

That one's for Lonnie Anderson.

Oh, my God!

Dom, I'm a big fan!

I know, I know I was dead, but I wasn't.

Yeah, it's so great to...

I'm gonna be slapped by you later, right?

Oh, yeah.

We're coming over tomorrow.

Uh-huh.

I've been putting my hand in the freezer for hours.

Make the blood real hard.

No.

I don't know whether I want to go anymore.

I can freeze her hand.

Don't want to call it because he's a big fan of Ethel, because Ethel has also kind of faked her death, so he feels like he relates to the stopping.

Oh, yeah, Ethel, talk to Dom for a minute.

Oh, my goodness.

Dom, it's so good to hear another person who's been doing the same thing as me.

Hey!

Also, I was an actor in the, uh, 60s, 70s, so I'm mixed with all types of animals, if you know what I mean.

Oh, is that what used to happen?

That's an old-dollar artist.

Have you seen, uh, you read Hollywood, Babylon?

A lot of things happen back in the day, back in my day.

Wow.

Okay, a lot of bestiality back in Hollywood.

This is incredible.

I know what we call it.

What'd you call it?

Bestie fun.

Well, it's been nice talking to you, Dom.

What?

Oh, okay.

Hey, hey, hey.

Uh, hey, love you, Mick.

Love you.

Well, it's always great to hear from Mick.

Cool.

It sounds like a big fan of yours, sir.

Oh, yeah, I'm a big fan of his.

And Dom is a huge fan of yours, I thought.

Well, that just makes me feel good.

Yeah.

Amazing.

So, uh, all right, so, uh, we, uh, you go down to Paramount.

Go down to Paramount.

Okay, so wait, before then, you take the 101 to Van Ness.

Take the 101 to Van Ness, hit Paramount.

Hit Paramount, and then go back to the 101.

And then go back to the 101, and then head south for four hours of 40 minutes or so.

And then you'll be right there at- Or, and this is with traffic, I would imagine, because it doesn't even take that long to- This is a considerable traffic.

You're leaving a drive time.

You're leaving around 5 p.m.

No, you have to leave it dead at rush hour.

You leave it in your ear.

You're a fool.

Because the best discounts happen around midnight.

Oh, really?

Wait, what are your hours to face?

Uh, we open at eight, and we close at four a.m.

Four a.m.

Okay.

Yeah, okay.

So, I'm around midnight is when the real deals start in.

All right, I'm good.

Yeah, I'm going to have to leave around rush hour.

Well, this is great.

Yeah.

Ernie, great to have you.

Uh, we're running out of time, though.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Oh, yeah.

Dead's in grads.

Get your 15 minutes in, because the same, man, coming.

Don't know if you're hurt, but credit the funny and serious money.

Okay, here we go.

Oh, no.

All right, that was Dads and Grads.

Oh, this is the month for them.

By Weetay.

Weetay.

Thank you so much to Weetay.

Guys, what do we want to plug?

Let's head over to Fishy over here.

Fishy, what's your plug-in, huh?

Well, yes, I saw on the radio.

I've been listening to lots of other radio programs.

Really?

I've been listening to the Mandog pod.

Okay.

Also an improv radio program and I've listened to those big grondi guys.

Yeah, don't they have a, they have like an animated thing or something?

Yeah, they got a new special out called Live on Set, where they did a bunch of like Live on Prove on stage.

Did they say that to me and I never watched it?

I don't know.

Yeah, I think so.

I think so.

But hey, they don't know.

Hey, I was a new lady for a while.

Hey, what's a lee sock?

It doesn't translate.

Yeah.

I hate the lee socks.

A little inside joke from before the show.

And so that's a big grondi website.

Website.com.

That's where people can get it.

All right, fantastic.

Ethel, what do you want to plug here?

Well, you know my book, Doggy Dog.

Dog eats dog or doggy dog?

No, it's for my name.

Oh, guys.

It's Doggy Dog World.

I am a dog.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah, also you can look up Miss Monica Smith and all the interweb things, you know.

Okay, what does she do on there?

Well, she's doing a lot of work and she's got some stuff coming out soon.

Okay.

Yeah, so I think we take a look, some shows.

All right, fantastic.

Miss Monica Smith.

All right, and Ernie, what do you want to plug here?

Well, first off, you want to head over south of the border and get over to Ernie's discount pharmacy hot.

You'll find all the people that are here.

Leave it, rush out.

Because it's not even open till 8 p.m.

That's right.

Make sure you take us on a waste a day in Tijuana.

You don't want to waste a day.

Make sure you're low on gas before you head out so you have to make a couple stops on the way for some gas.

Wait, so you're not filling up the tank with the first time you?

No, no, no, no, no.

You should be a lesser than quarter tank before you head out and hit the road.

And then when you fill up only a quarter tank?

Then only a quarter tank at the time.

You just only enough to get you to the next stop and then also check out the new movie PolyGo.

You can rent it on Amazon.

Where does that?

PolyGo?

PolyGo.

A little bit of a coming of age story.

Who's coming of age in this?

Oh, Poly.

And yeah.

That's what, if I go see a movie called PolyGo, I want to see Polycome of Age.

That's right.

And you're going to see it in this film.

Wow.

And then you can check out Dave Tooney on the old Instagram.

And hey, if you want to check out an old episode of Brooklyn Nine-Nine for about six seasons ago, check that out.

Six seasons ago?

How many did they do?

I don't know.

Seven.

Yeah, some are around there.

Hey, you can check out One Where My Wife and Eugene Cordero and I play Hackers.

Yes.

I checked that episode out first.

And then check out The One Where A Guy Has A Bunch Of Cats.

Iconic.

It's iconic.

Oh, cats.

You do hate cats?

Oh, my.

I saw Ethel over here.

Her ears went up when you said cats.

My human ears kind of perk up now.

Yeah.

How are you able to do that?

That was incredible.

Yeah.

You know, it's a thing only some humans can do.

Really?

Yeah, yeah.

You should try.

I mean, you should try it if you can't.

Okay.

Interesting.

Well, I want to plug.

Look, head over to CBBworld.com, of course.

And we got some great shows over there.

We have You Can't Handle the Sloots and Hey Randy.

And this book changed my life.

Some great CBB presents over there.

I believe Big Chunky Bubbles just did a show over there.

We also have Scott Asn't Seen.

We've been seeing some good movies.

Paris is Burning recently, which is really good.

And also, I got to say, we're going on tour all of August.

I have taken my entire August off.

And I'm going out there to see you.

We're going to Minneapolis, Madison, Chicago, St. Louis, San Antonio, Austin, Houston, San Francisco, Portland, Oregon, Vancouver, Seattle, Los Angeles.

Oh, the Los Angeles show, by the way.

We have three opening shows that it's going to be a really special show.

I might announce who they are later, or maybe you just show up and see what they are.

But they're really good.

We're then we're going to Atlanta, Charlotte, Washington, D.C., Brooklyn, Boston, Providence, Rhode Island.

We're hitting both of the Portland, oh, no, Portland, Maine.

That's when I'm talking about hitting both of the Portland.

Cleveland, Ohio, Detroit, and Toronto.

We're wrapping it up in Toronto at Massey Hall.

Tickets are all on sale over at CBBworld.com.

Tour.

And a lot of these are going to sell out, if not most of them, if not all of them.

So buy your tickets while you can.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're going to make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much, or you open up the plug bag.

We're opening up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

I open up the plug bag.

You open up the plug bag.

Yes, all the size you can.

Turn up the plug bag.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

I open up the plug bag.

You open up the plug bag.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

I open up the plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

Wow, that was Viva La Sweetchat by actually Simpson.

Wow, impressive.

Little long, baby.

I thought it was a little short.

You thought it was short.

What are the songs usually?

I mean, you're right.

Compared to other songs that are on the radio, it was short.

Yeah, I thought that was the bridge.

I thought it was Chris Martin.

You thought, oh, really?

Who's Chris Martin?

So you know who Chris Martin is.

Well, I guess Coldplay was around before he came.

I opened up my house around seven years ago.

You can be a dog for much longer, or I mean...

You know, I'm supposed to have died already.

Yeah, because let's see, your dog was four and now seven years late.

You weren't supposed to have died.

Dogs can live to be 20.

You haven't maybe another day.

I never let a dog live that long.

Well, I'll say this.

The carcass seems dead in stinks.

Yeah.

So it doesn't matter.

What are you saying?

I could always get a new one though.

Yeah, you could become a new dog and then just show up in the doggy door.

Yeah, I could maybe get long hair, a longer tail.

You know, I could be a male body.

Are those the...

Oh, really?

You want a male body?

Well, I keep my human titties underneath, but then I would act.

Sure. I'm not.

Yeah, I'm not changing my body.

I figured the titties wouldn't.

Yeah, I don't know what I'm doing.

Oh, hold on.

You're a vehicle.

Hello.

Nicole, you're a vehicle.

Sorry, we said titties.

Okay, thank you.

I beg your pardon, I...

But we said a lot of other words like, fucking...

I don't think I want a shop here anymore.

If this is what you're going to do right now.

Lori, Lori, please.

I'm sorry we said titties, Lori.

Hey, go to go!

Look, I'm sorry, Mick.

Titties is the one word that you can...

It's the big one.

Yeah, the big one.

Just one.

Big titty.

I'm sorry, Mick.

I'm sorry.

Look, we're still going to see you tomorrow, though.

Still see you tomorrow at 10-30.

Don't leave.

Now, be still here.

Hey, look back!

Hey, your country.

I'll never leave it.

Hey, you're never...

Well, I hope you will tomorrow, because we're going to your place.

Well, I'm not leaving.

You'll leave my house.

Let me zap zap.

Okay.

All right, well, great to talk to you.

Love you.

All right, there's one piece of business.

Fishy.

What deal do you got?

Because the term is expiring.

If it doesn't happen by the end of the show.

All right, I want the carpet.

I want the table.

I want the toilet.

And I want your microphone.

For...

Well, you give me an exchange.

This is a deal.

This isn't just free.

Of course.

Okay.

Like McCall said, the beef's gone.

Beef's gone, the pork's gone.

I'm pretty sure that get...

Pretty sure that get...

That flow's gone.

Yeah, by at this point...

At this point, bison.

At this point, I'm just paid $250 to go hang out with Don D'Evelliies, I think.

Which is not a bad deal.

Not bad.

I would probably do it.

I will give you a million dollars' worth of what I assume at this point is like, grubs or something over McCall's.

Yeah, over McCall's, yeah.

For what?

For the toilet, the carpet, the table, and your microphone.

You already have the toilet.

All right, well then take out the toilet.

I want the fridge.

You want the fridge?

Yep.

Wait, which one?

The mini fridge or the maxi fridge?

The maxi fridge.

Shh, why did I ask?

Or you could just say no to the grubs, that's fine.

Say, I can say no to the deal?

I hope not.

Wait, I thought you said I had to do the deal.

Yeah, you have to.

Take the maxi fridge here, come on down to Ernie's for a mini fridge.

All right, they've got a ton of mini fridges here.

But that's not a deal that I...

Okay, yeah, I don't know.

Yeah, you're okay, you're on.

Yes!

You can dance!

Hey, thank you!

Little electric slides?

That's the electric slide?

I think.

Okay, then you can't dance.

The electric slides when you're on your back spinning around the circle.

No, who does it?

That's like the Homer Simpson.

You get up in shock, somebody.

You get up in shock, somebody?

Yeah.

Oh, from the static electricity?

Yes, right.

Oh, oh.

So I was talking...

What do you call that, the shocker?

Oh, no, that's something.

I'll deal with the electric slide.

Okay.

All right, deal.

I'll see you tomorrow.

Hey, Ennethel, do you want to come along?

We could always use a dog over there.

I'm sure Dom would love to slap a dog.

Oh!

Oh, wow!

Now you're on your own.

You're so excited!

Now you're showing us your titties!

Oh, I know what I did!

Oh, hello!

Hello!

I'm sorry I said it again, but...

Okay!

We're not gracious.

Hey!

Level is left, Level is...

Hey, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye!

Love ya.
