---
layout: page
title: 763.  Jack Quaid, Paul F. Tompkins, Tawny Newsome [62b91971d53b3c001369566e].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Kitty cats, hamsters, puppy or birds, whatever the pad you're handling, turds, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you to Slowest Jogger, Slowest Jogger, one of our guests does not like that kind of humor, and is shaking his head vigorously.

As for me though, I love it, thank you.

I thought it was funny.

Oh, shimmy?

Yeah.

Shimmy, what are you doing here?

Hey, what is this place?

Shimmy?

For those listening, Shimmy was trapped in my backyard for the... for months.

I was trapped in the back yard, and now I'm here.

You're looking over your shoulder several times, and how did you get here?

I don't know.

Shimmy, you're a musician, is that right?

Yeah, I played with townland.

I was supposed to be at a rehearsal.

A long time ago.

Yeah.

It's been several months.

I don't know if you've been keeping track of time.

Well, I looked on Instagram, they had a show without me.

Yeah, I mean, I think the first time we ever talked to you was back in April or March.

Okay, I think you worked for...

It's been months and months.

We're at the end of June at this point.

It's been months and months.

It's been a while.

I got to go.

Okay, bye, Shimmy.

Oh, man.

Always great to hear from Shimmy, but I'm worried he's trapped here in the studio, much like Classic Jarls, whom we haven't heard from in a while.

But welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, and my name is Scott Ockerman.

You've heard from me.

It's been about a week, if you listened to last week's show.

And we have a great one for you today.

First of all, coming up a little later, we have a musician, we have someone in the wellness area, and we have an underwater diver.

It is one way to describe them.

And we also have an actor coming up, an actor.

And we're back to having actors in our A-block, which is an exciting thing here.

But before we get to that, there's only a few days left, but dads and grads are in the room.

I haven't mentioned you this June because it's heavily implied.

Get your shit together.

You have about four more days of your bullshit, and then we never want to hear from you until next June.

But the person we do want to hear from is our first guest, and he is making his third appearance, I believe, on the show second in person.

And we've spoken to him under the auspices of promoting his Star Trek cartoon project, Star Trek.

It's called Star-Tune Cartoon Project.

It's a Star-Tune cartoon.

It's not a confusing name in any way.

No, no.

Everyone knows exactly how to find it.

Star Trek Tiny Desk, is that what it is?

It's called Star Trek Tiny Desk.

It's on the Star-Tune Network.

Star-Tune Network.

Yeah, it's a Star-Tune Plus.

It's a streaming app.

Star-Tune Plus.

But we're not here to talk about that today.

No, no, no.

Because that is, it's sure it's coming up down the line.

It's definitely coming down the line, down the pipe.

But right now, we're in the middle of a season of television that is just causing such an impact all across America and beyond.

Sure, yeah.

We knew we had to have you on to do a mid-season check-in.

Yeah.

Yeah, are you checking in with me or am I checking in with the audience?

I think, well, I thought you were checking in with me.

Oh, OK.

Scott, how are you now that we're midway through the third season of The Boys?

I haven't seen it.

Oh, OK.

Anyway, great to have you.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Check your way back.

Man, my Star-Tune episodes were way better.

That's sort of way better.

Well, well, well better.

Of course, you'd be here.

People know, Jack, are you Huey-Doo or Louie?

I'm Huey-Dooy.

I'm Huey, but in season four, we introduce Dewey and Louie.

You do.

They are crazy.

And when does Uncle Scrooge come around?

When does he start diving into that swimming pool full of gold coins?

Well, on a show like The Boys, he dives into the coins, but you know, he's just diving into like solid matter.

So he basically just explodes on impact.

And it's very bloody and very violent.

And it says something about America.

OK, good.

Good.

And wealth.

So you are, this is a season now.

You mentioned blood on the show, which is one of the things our bodies are primarily made of.

Yeah, I'd say so.

Can we agree on that, at least?

I think we can agree on that, yeah.

Water, blood, water, blood, bones, viscera.

Is that a thing, Cheryl?

Certainly, bio.

Yeah, mostly bio.

Depending on the time of day.

So, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, semen, uh, piss.

Shit, piss and shit.

Big flesh.

We forgot about flesh.

Yeah, flesh.

That's a liquid.

That's a covering, certainly.

Yeah, it's definitely a film.

You think flesh is a liquid?

I think it's a liquid.

What about the juice in your eyeball?

Hey, Jimmy.

Jimmy.

What do you call that?

Eyeball juice?

What is that?

Yes.

Bye, Jimmy.

Bye.

I love Jimmy.

He's a good guy.

He's very shy.

What is very shy?

What is that called?

Sunny E.

Oh, he's back.

Sunny E?

Yeah, but for eyeballs?

Yeah.

Bye.

Oh, man.

I had so many follow-up questions for Jimmy, and then he always has to go.

Oh, he's a very busy man.

Yeah.

Um, but you mentioned all, you mentioned this blood.

The show is, uh, the boys.

You mentioned this blood.

Yes, I did.

Yes.

Uh, the boys on Amazon Prime.

Uh, a lot of blood, a lot of violence.

But this season, I'm gonna, I lied before I have checked out the season.

Oh, cool.

This season is sick.

I'm like, okay, there's a lot of violence, but when's the sex startup?

Yeah.

And then we could just see your little butt.

Yeah, my butt's in it.

What?

Tell us about that day on set.

Well, I mean, okay, the day on set was crazy because like, all right, so spoilers for the show, spoiler alert to everyone listening.

Um, I get spoilers for Mr. Skin.

Yes, it's spoilers for Mr. Skin, which is, I hope it's not still a thing considering I have a good show.

I believe it is, and I think you'll have an entry.

My liquid skin.

Um, uh, but yeah, no, I have powers this season and I can teleport.

And uh, the way that we do superpowers on the show is we, we think about like, okay, how would this actually exist in the world?

Um, and if you can teleport, it's like your...

When you say we think about that, it's the writers.

Yeah, they think about it.

I didn't think about it.

You just, you, you just took credit for their work.

You get piles of paper.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That have your name on them.

Piles, they're so unorganized.

Piles?

Just the pile.

I'm not gonna dump truck.

Actually, these are all stapled together.

It's a script.

Oh, thank God.

What are these piles of paper?

These piles of unpiles you send to me.

Um, but, uh, but no, like I can teleport and it's your biological matter going from one part of the room to the other so your clothes are not gonna come with you.

Sure, because a lot of people like, you know, the theories about the rapture.

Yeah, sure.

I know the theories.

You know, you know, when, when God takes us, uh, us Christians, uh, uh, back to the homeland.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Uh, a lot of, uh, a lot of theories are your, your clothes are just gonna like fall to the, to the, to the, like onto your car door and all your jewelry.

And then there's gonna be so many naked people in the homeland.

Yeah, exactly.

I mean, so well, I'll grow wings and they pass out the harps.

It'll be appropriate for the environment.

Everybody's like, oh, everybody's doing it.

It's fine.

Yeah, exactly.

Um, there will be no shame is the way they explained it to you.

There's no shame in the homeland.

That's what we're doing.

Shame was created by, uh, the, the devil in the Garden of Eden.

Yeah.

Uh, they ate that apple and suddenly we're like, oh, my penis cover themselves.

And it didn't help that the devil was like, ew.

Look at that tiny penis.

Ew.

And it was, it was because it was tiny, wasn't it?

Yeah, it's cause Adam had a tiny deck.

That's, that's the source of everything.

Yeah.

And suddenly that gets transferred down to us.

Yeah.

People with our huge BDE.

Yeah.

Uh, that we have this shame?

You and me specifically.

Yeah, exactly.

I'm pointing to you.

Yeah, of course.

Anyway, anyway, you see, you see, you see my butt in the show.

And, uh, quite a lot this season.

Quite a lot really.

So more to come.

More, I think so.

I think so.

I didn't like, I didn't like really like linger on those moments when I was watching through it.

But like, I like filming something like that where you're like, okay, uh, everyone try to avert your eyes as much as possible other than every single person watching this show.

Yeah.

Other than exactly.

It's very weird.

I mean, it's a closed set when you do it, but it's still like mostly, you know, your naked and then everyone else is closed, closed.

Everyone else is clovid.

Uh, and it's like the human brain is just not really equipped to deal with that situation where you're like, I'm in a room where everyone has a clothes on and mine are off and that's very weird.

And then to extrapolate that and be like, Hey, a lot of other people are going to see this later.

That's, that's a lot to take in.

Yeah.

Um, but whatever, whatever, whatever I shoot, whatever I do, I always say to myself before I shoot it, I go, this is a student film and the only people who will see this are our friends.

And I do that because if I think about the eyeballs that could potentially be on it, I will be just petrified and that's how I do this podcast.

Yeah.

It actually ends up being exactly right most of the time.

Uh, but, uh, uh, uh, yeah, it's so, you've had to do it so many times than this season that, uh, at what points you get used to it and you're like, yeah, I think I got the hang of this being naked in front of a bunch of people thing.

You never get fully used to it, but you, you do, I don't know, you do become accustomed to it.

And I get a few episodes into being a few episodes into my naked streak of the, of the season.

Uh, that's when I started to get slightly more comfortable, but I don't know.

And then like when it came out, it was like, yeah, Jack's naked in the show.

And there was like a, there was like a reaction on Twitter, like you see his butt, but then later in that same scene, Jensen Ackles comes out of a cryo tube and his butt is also visible.

So he's overshadowing your butt?

Internet freaked out over his butt, Scott.

Yeah.

And look, I'm happy for the guy.

You should, you should have happy.

And you're in your contract about like who else can show their butt on an episode, you know, like no one of Jensen Ackles is.

Yeah, you can't have.

I don't have stature.

No, you can't have like an ass that's going to outstage my ass.

Yeah.

Upstage my ass.

You can't do it.

No, I should have it in my writer.

You're totally right.

But it seems to me like you're, you're a regular on the show.

It seems to me like you could have said like, Oh, just get someone else to be my butt.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

You know, not me.

Not me.

I wanted it.

I wanted it to then I wanted to be like no one else's butt.

You can tell it's somebody else's butt.

You can totally tell.

I was like, yeah, get my, get my ass in there.

I want to feel shame, much like Adam in the Garden of Eden.

I want to feel, I just want to feel eyeballs on my butt.

That's how.

Do you do any sort of special grooming on it?

Like do you pay attention to the crack or what do you.

I've always paid attention to my crack.

Good man.

Thank you for asking.

Good man.

No, I've always paid attention to the crack.

I, you know, hey, you have to make, you have to make sure it's somewhat camera ready.

You want any surprises.

You want somebody coming up and be like, yeah, there's something wrong with your crack.

You don't want that.

Right.

Yeah.

So, so when someone, you know, out there, like me say, yeah, pauses it and really inspects it.

You want it to be just, you know, a pleasurable experience.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No.

I want to be a pleasurable, pleasurable experience for you for sure.

Thank you.

Yeah.

No.

If you're going to pause it and have it up on the screen like you do.

Oh, yeah.

When you, when you came in here, yeah, we.

I was going to say, yeah, no.

We wanted to make sure you felt at home and felt comfortable being in school.

Yeah, no, I did.

It's looking at my crack is actually quite a comfort to me now.

Yeah.

So thank you.

I appreciate it.

It needs the exposure because then once again, Jensen Ackles overshadowing.

Oh, man.

My glad needs the play.

Now a lot of, a lot of shows would have on one of the stars of a show to promote the beginning of a season, but we're doing a mid-season check-in.

Sure, sure, sure.

Yeah.

So how's this season going?

This season's, the season's going, if you're checking in with me, like, you're checking with me, I think it's going good.

Yeah.

No, it's, it's coming out.

People are digging in.

It's definitely coming out.

We'll tell you that.

It's definitely coming out.

It's definitely on a consistent release schedule.

What are we out?

What are we like halfway through the seat?

I don't even know.

We're like, yeah, we're more than halfway through at this point.

How many did you do?

We did eight.

We do eight every every week.

And we're like at five at this point?

Yeah.

Six is coming out as of this recording tomorrow.

Okay.

So still counts as kind of a mid-season check-in.

It might be a post-season check-in by the time this comes out, but, well, I hope not.

But we'll see.

We'll see how this goes.

Yeah.

We may have to tinker with it in post for a while.

Yeah.

But, so, so it's a big, big hit.

If people haven't seen it, give the five words are under sort of pitch.

Oh, man.

Five words are under?

Yeah.

And you can get rid of the, and all A and all that kind of stuff.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Superheroes.

That's a hyphenated one word.

Are you gonna let it slide?

Yeah.

That's, I'm, I'm a great.

So we're at one.

Thank you.

We're at one.

Superheroes.

Blood.

Superheroes blood.

Is that possessive superheroes?

No, it's just, these are just separate words.

Okay.

So, it's just separate nouns.

Okay.

Oh, just nouns.

Just nouns.

Okay.

Superheroes blood.

Mmm.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So a little on-a-monopoe of here there.

That's a noun.

Yeah.

Mmm.

So that, generally what you're trying to sort of imply is like people will feel good watching it or be satiated with- Yeah.

Read into that whatever you want.

Okay.

Got it.

Satisfied in some way.

Okay.

But a little perverse.

Okay.

A little bit, you know, a little naughty.

Then the fourth word is- Yeah.

Okay.

Good.

And then I think the fifth one is- Okay.

Okay.

So like after watching it like, oh, okay, I didn't expect that.

I don't know.

I didn't know what you wish.

Yeah.

Maybe that's like, okay.

So superheroes- I didn't say it like that though.

You're right.

Superheroes blood.

Mmm.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

All right.

That's quite a season three in a nutshell, Scott.

All right.

So everyone can watch that.

It's a wonderful show.

People love it.

And you of course are an actor and other things.

We talked about star tunes already.

Star tune cartoons, yeah.

And then you were also in this screen movie that came out earlier in the year.

Now no spoilers for this movie because a lot of people are catching up to it right.

True.

Okay.

Yeah.

I mean, I think so.

I've spoiled it on like TV at this point.

But no, no spoilers.

But people can relax.

There's no spoilers.

Yeah.

So how does it feel to play the killer in something like this?

It feels good.

It feels good to murder.

It's just- How did you get into this?

What twisted mind of this character, Jack?

It was so cool to like, I don't know, be that.

But like I had to keep the secret the whole time because they gave different scripts to the whole cast of like those different killers.

Yeah.

I was like, what the fuck are these?

You did to start organizing them.

Were there any shots?

Like did they shoot any scenes of it?

Because that just seems like a colossal waste of time for something that I know it ended up really.

I don't think they shot like alternate like killer versions like with different people.

But like that would just be a waste of everyone's time.

Yeah, exactly.

Like such a let down for the people who like- For the people who thought they were the killer.

Yeah.

But the people who word the killer and survived the movie gets to be in the next one.

So that's like the ultimate reward.

Well you don't want to be in the next one.

You did it already.

You know what I mean?

It's like, it's like I murdered.

You murdered?

Holy shit.

What was that?

Shitty?

Shitty.

Where are you sitting?

How did you fall over first of all, Shitty?

My heels are too round.

So sometimes if I lean back I'll just go all the way out of there.

What is too round?

Because round at all is, you know, is just- Because they're one at a time.

Alright, Jimmy.

I actually had a question for Jimmy if he's around in the- Shitty.

I got time for two more.

Oh wow.

Okay.

Alright.

Yeah.

First one is I heard you were recently- Good to see you again, Jimmy.

I heard you were recently passed.

I was giving you a nickname.

Yeah, what's the nickname?

Yeah, that's what I'd like to do.

First of all, I'm just going to do a little bit of a video.

Oh really?

Oh yeah.

Learning new stuff about Jimmy.

Love it.

I'm going to call you Bushy Top.

Bushy Top?

Bushy Top.

Oh yeah, I got this like Bushy like curly hair.

Yeah, then I like it.

Yeah, Bushy Top.

I like it.

Do I have time to ask a question before you leave?

Yeah, go ahead, Bushy Top.

Okay.

I heard you were recently cast in Scream 6.

Is this correct?

Is it the rumors?

Oh, I saw the NBA.

Oh, okay.

There we go.

Okay.

I was going to ask you how you're handling the pressure.

How's it all going for you?

Not good.

I think I just revealed something inadvertently.

Yeah, you did.

You did.

Big time.

That's why I'm here.

I'm sorry, shit.

Well, good to see y'all.

That's different today.

This is a test by the network.

Oh my gosh.

Well, it's good to be still part of the Scream family.

Yeah, it's cool.

You know you got, uh, Nev Campbell.

Nev Campbell.

You screamily.

Screamily.

Thank you, Shami.

Goodbye.

You got a shaggy.

Yeah.

You got shaggy.

You got, uh, you got, man.

You got, you got Dewey.

That's the true Dewey.

Yeah, the true Dewey.

The true Dewey.

That's the Dewey that's coming into the boys.

Right.

David Arquette's Dewey for Scream.

And then Louis Egan.

Yeah.

It's the trio everyone wanted to see.

That's Pacific Trio.

You and Dewey.

Oh yeah.

Jack Wayne, David Arquette and Louis Egan together.

Yeah.

You and Dewey and Louis.

Oh man.

Let's get to photo shopping this.

Yeah.

Let's get to photo shopping.

Let's put this out on the internet.

Let's do it.

Um, I, so I worked with David Arquette.

It was such a fun time.

Uh, he's amazing.

You were trying to wrestle you?

That's what I was going to bring up.

That documentary he was in.

Yeah.

You cannot kill David Arquette.

It's one of the coolest things I've ever seen.

Um, and I'm like, that's the first thing I told him.

And I don't know how to congratulate someone on like being in a documentary about themselves.

I was like, you were so great as yourself in the documentary about you.

So what did you just choose not to say anything?

No, I said exactly what I just said.

Oh, okay.

He was like, he was a nice guy.

I was like, thank you.

Like I didn't go over poorly.

What an interesting conversation.

But yeah, it was just like, you know.

So you thanked, you said he was good.

Hey, man.

Thanks for being you and your performance at Holly West Story is great.

I like, but how do you congratulate someone on being at like, you know, you did it fine and he said, thank you.

I guess you know what?

Maybe it did go perfectly.

Let's not take this one to, to Cordon.

Yeah.

This particular story.

Yeah.

Let's get off of this story.

Let's get off of it for James gets ahold of it.

Okay.

One of the Jimmy's.

One of them.

So, some of the comment.

Oh, no.

She's shimmy.

Shimmy.

It's who we were talking about.

Sorry, bye.

If you know how to get back here, how do you not know how to get out?

I'm not trying to get back here.

I just end up.

You're just drawn to it.

Yeah.

He's so fast.

I think there's the vortex.

Okay, bye.

He's got like the fastest feet and all of all.

California.

Well, the boys, season three, mid season check in.

We still have a couple of episodes to go.

That's going to take us all the way to first week of July, probably.

Yes.

And then after that.

After that.

Start tune.

Start tune cartoons kicks in, I believe.

I'm not exactly sure when, but we have a season three on the horizon.

It's very exciting.

Wonderful.

It's really, really fun.

And anything else you can talk about or is everything else still under wraps?

Everything.

You know, you read, I don't know if you follow this deadline Hollywood thing.

I have in the past.

It's to the point now they announce when someone is cast in someone.

Yeah.

When someone's cast in someone.

Yeah.

When someone's cast in someone.

No, when someone is cast in a project, they'll talk about it.

When someone is auditioning for a project.

When someone gets an agent now, it's a big headline.

It's like, I want to be taken out of the process.

I just want to, I just, I want to see the thing when it comes out.

You got to stop following deadline.

There's too many announcements.

Looking for some, some news about myself, honestly.

Nothing's been going on.

You just been trolling deadline for news about you.

I'm like, look, is he about to give me a job out there?

Nope.

Look, I mean, yeah.

What's that shit?

Shimi?

Oh, don't.

Oh, Nikki Fank, of course.

Was he?

He's a big Nikki.

Oh, yeah.

Shimi and I talked about this off air.

He's a huge fan of Nikki Fank.

Mainly because of the writer's strike, right?

How often do you talk off air with Shimi?

Oh, all the time.

Oh, yeah?

That's the thing.

Yeah, I mean, we have a long conversation.

Oh, fantastic.

When he's on, he's very reticent to go.

You got to go.

He's still got to go.

You got to stay go.

Well, Jack Wade plays Huey, of course, on the Dubois.

I'll never do that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Yeah, I've had in a lot of convention settings.

I have people dressed up like they're in that sketch coming up and going.

This is stop boys.

What about SNL?

Where like, like you should host SNL and then get Smigel.

I'd love to.

And the rest of them.

Yeah.

You take Farley's part.

Of course.

And everyone is.

And everyone knows.

It'll be mad about that at all.

But everyone's dressed like homelander and all the other people.

And then you sit sitting around the table and you're like, Bob boys.

Bob boys.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Do we call Lauren direct or?

We call Lauren direct right now.

He'll say put this on the season premiere.

Yeah, yeah.

He'll say put this.

Make sure to include this in the mid season check in.

That's what I'll say.

Yeah.

Well, Du Bois out there right now.

Du Bois out there.

Very fun.

You see my butt.

There's other good parts to it too.

Do you ever let out like an SBD when the camera's on your butt?

Like an SBD?

Yeah, silent but deadly.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I try not to.

But I don't know.

I don't know.

I don't like I think if there's one time not to fart.

Because I fart all the time in my pants work.

Sure, of course.

I mean Oprah says we do it 12 to 14 times a day.

She does.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Not on camera for her.

I definitely do it more than 14 times a day.

What are we talking about?

I'm not sure.

You don't know if I do it more than 14 times a day.

Yeah, I can't tell.

Just from the looks of you.

I mean, I'm pretty sure I farted at least 10 times since I've been in this studio.

Oh, really?

At least 10.

In the studio.

Yeah.

The studio alone.

No one can smell it.

Can anyone?

I mean, I don't know.

We haven't revealed most of the people on this.

Well, they're all waiting on the show.

But we'll ask our next guest.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, of course.

He's a we should get to him.

Yeah, we should.

Yeah, we should get to him.

Yeah, let's get to him.

The boys out there right now.

The boys out there now.

Is out there now.

You can plug other things.

It might have finished airing by this point.

No, it's still out.

Okay, it's still out.

Maybe like the finale has yet to come out.

That's a spike.

No, we still have two episodes.

Okay, two episodes left.

We're going to set this in.

You know, I'm just going to give you options later.

We're still in the end of this month.

Later in the end.

Do you want to give us all?

Yeah.

I'm just going to give you here.

Just do it.

Do a series.

Yeah.

Hey boys, mid-season check in here.

You can check out the remaining three episodes coming up soon on prime video.

Hey boys, mid-season check in here.

You can check out the remaining two episodes coming up now.

Hey, check out the finale.

Bye.

It's me, Jack Wait.

You can use any of that.

You can put in information at the very end of that.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You can just snuck it right in.

But like you can slide that way.

Yeah, you can have it.

Yeah, of course.

You can slide it in right now.

You can slide it in.

Oh, the very end of the episode.

No, I mean our editor, our machine's broken, so I'm not quite sure if we can.

Oh, the ending machine's broken.

Yeah, so I'm not quite sure if we can.

So it may come out just as so if you're hearing just as soon as there's a fire in the booth.

Am I correct?

Yeah, I don't know what's going on with that.

But there was an episode we did recently where the fire alarms were going the entire time.

None of us could hear them because we'll have headphones on.

Yeah.

They should attach the fire alarms to inside the headphones so we can escape if we had to.

Yeah, you guys have these anti-fire alarm headphones.

It's very specific.

No way specifically fire alarm canceling.

Everything else you hear playing the engines.

Yeah, you're going to hear it.

But a fire alarm?

No way.

Well, Jack, we need to get to our next guest.

Let's go.

Can you stick around?

Yeah, of course.

Okay, let's talk to him.

He's an underwater deep sea diver, I believe.

Do you dive or do you just travel around?

Really?

You just go into the sphere kind of thing.

What do you call that?

The undose sphere?

Yeah, the undose sphere.

It depends what the specific job is.

But yeah, sometimes I get out in the water by myself, but most times I'm in the undose sphere.

So you're scooting around in the undose sphere usually?

I don't call it scooting around.

Does that have those carnival game pickup arms where you can pick up the treasure?

You know?

Carnival game pickup arms.

I know the kind where it's like you're directing with a joystick.

I know what you mean, but I want you to explain it more.

But does it have two of those and opposable thumbs in the rest so that you can pick up treasure on the bottom of the ocean?

I don't really need opposable thumbs on them.

It's not like he's going to open a beer or something.

Could you open a beer in the undose sphere?

Yeah.

Okay.

I mean, it's not wise.

That would be so cool to find a beer, you know, like a beer that the Titanic, you know, just, you know, some kind of...

Sure.

I imagine the Titanic.

I'm sorry.

Oh boy.

But to use both of those two arms and crack open the beer, just be like, huh?

Of course we've done that.

Oh, it's fun.

I'm not gonna lie.

So you were, but you were lying earlier.

You were like, you never cracked open a beer in the undose sphere.

In the undose sphere?

With the undose sphere, sure.

With it.

Oh, no.

I take my job very seriously.

This is like what the definition of is is.

I allow myself to have a big cigar at the end of a big underwater treasure hunt.

If I am successful, if I'm not, I do not have that cigar.

Really?

Okay.

He also does sound a little like Bill Clinton, so that it wasn't a completely...

Yeah, you're saying what?

I'm sick of hearing that, man.

Sorry.

Another bill is held.

I do not sound like Bill Clinton.

Start putting your thumb up like this.

He's from Arkansas from Texas, man.

Oh, that's right.

Oh, let me introduce you.

He is... he toodles around in the undose sphere.

He made it worse.

From scootin' to toodle him?

Come on, man.

But primarily, we know him as a treasure hunter.

That's right.

He's been on the show many times.

You may know him as the guy who almost found the...

The Cordillermer.

Yes.

Ah, yes, the Cordillermer.

Cordillermer, the jewel of the ocean, is that what it is?

The heart of the ocean.

He almost found it, but an old lady threw it off the side of a boat.

Please welcome back to the show Brock Lovett.

Hello.

She tricked me.

Yeah.

Never forget, I'm glad she's dead.

She kept it underneath that frilly lace bodice that she was wearing.

Vodily-laced bodice.

What are you trying to say?

She kept it around her neck, right?

Yeah, it's a necklace.

And she didn't... but no, I'm saying her dress.

Her nightgown.

Yeah, she was she wearing a nightgown.

I don't remember.

It was a long time ago.

Back in the 90s, right?

Yeah, back in the 90s.

I wasn't memorizing what everyone was wearing.

I'm trying to find treasure.

We turned around.

What am I wearing?

I don't care.

A barrel with straps.

That reminds me of the joke I sent in to Reader Digest when I was young.

Oh, man.

About a man walking down the road and he sees someone with a shirt he really likes.

He goes, hey, where did you get that?

And the person says, J.C.

Penny.

And then he walks down the road a little further.

He sees someone with pants.

He really likes it.

He goes, hey, where did you get that?

He says, J.C.

Penny.

He sees someone walking down the road and he sees someone else with a barrel and two straps.

He goes, what's going on with you?

He goes, I'm J.C.

Penny.

Okay.

Let's walk through the problem.

Sure.

I loved it.

What are you doing?

First of all, the delight on your face.

Secondly, I mean, it's not clear.

It's still like at first it makes you think, whoa, wait, if he's J.C.

Penny, why is the company doing so poorly when people are buying stuff from him?

And they're like, oh, no, no, he's just a guy named J.C.

What did he only?

Okay.

Now that I'm walking through it, it does have some issues.

So when.

Yeah, the ones I mentioned.

So no, no, no, but I have, I got one more, which is like, did J.C.

Penny only have one shirt and one pair of pants to sell?

I guess so.

I mean, is he waiting around for someone to come and be like, hey, you're combining the two problems?

What?

Into one problem.

Am I?

So, okay, the thing is what, what this guy's trying to say, right?

This little kid said it.

By the way, it did not, when you were a little kid, you wrote this joke.

Oh, yeah.

Well, I'm assuming.

I didn't write the joke, by the way.

This is a, I heard the joke and said I'll send it in.

Or did I write it?

I can't remember it anyway.

Wow.

This is a solid joke.

You said, no, this is readers, digests.

Readers would take all jokes that were old jokes.

How dare you?

And, but you had to.

They would take all jokes.

They would take all jokes, not my joke.

Any joke.

Any joke you've ever heard?

Inside joke with your family, whatever.

Whatever.

We'll take it.

I'd like to think that they're printed before.

They're all literal.

Rip out the pages and send it back to us.

I'd like to think that there are literal joke writers crafting jokes for readers digests.

I mean, those jokes got to come from somewhere like street jokes that people tell each other.

You know, somebody has to like invent that, you know.

Yeah.

True.

I invented one when I was a kid, but I can't remember.

You invented a street joke?

Why is this in that one?

It was long, but we in fact, my parents and I had a long discussion about the JCPenney one about would they print a brand name in reader stages?

Really?

They were like, they're like, we might not get the rights.

That's probably why they didn't do it.

I just remember that anyway, Brock.

Great to see you.

I guess.

Thanks for coming.

Oh, yeah.

No, but what are you here for?

What's going on with you, Brock?

Have you found any new treasure?

No.

Oh, old treasure?

Wow.

I haven't found...

I mean, most treasure is old treasure.

Is that what you meant?

Did I find anything that became treasure in the last week?

Yeah.

No.

Usually it's like...

What's the newest treasure out there?

No, that's a good question.

The newest treasure.

Microchips?

Yeah.

Microchips are...

No, there's no microchip that's treasure yet.

Okay.

Sorry.

I'm sorry.

Man, probably another 100 years.

Okay.

I'm talking the earliest microchips.

Okay, got you.

Like the one from the Delken Nerd.

70s or 80s or so.

What do you call those?

The Texas Instruments.

Yeah.

Right.

Those are 50 years old.

In 100 years, a Texas instrument microchip will be microchip.

I can't fucking talk today.

Man, I think you're microchiping right now.

I know.

I can't goddamn talk to them.

I'm macrochiping on the major level.

I've been macrodosing lately.

You ever tried this?

Yeah.

You take like a big amount of LSD and then you just take it?

Anyway, I'm a little down the dump because...

Yeah, what's going on?

No old treasure, no new treasure?

What's happening?

I don't know where...

I can't find any treasure lately.

Have you been going out into the water?

Yeah, of course I have.

You know that's my whole thing.

Yeah, because you like wet treasure.

I only like treasure that's underwater.

Under Decea.

That's right.

That's where it's hotter.

I'm okay.

I'm sorry to...

I feel like you're making light of my sad feelings.

No, I'm very annoyed with Scott.

Is there like some history to go in?

Well, he's a very annoying guy.

I feel like if you listen to this show, you'll notice some people rightfully get very annoyed with him.

I wish Kel's home in the morning.

And other people have, I don't know, a different training, I guess.

And so they just treat all of his questions like they're real good questions.

Yeah.

I was answering his questions earlier.

Do I have good training?

I mean, I guess you do.

I mean, he's trying to do really at every turn.

He's been to like publicity school and he's...

Yeah, I have been to publicity school.

It's a four year program.

What?

Four years.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Four years, just wow.

Yeah, and there's a whole class on where there are any pranks pulled on the set.

There's another one about...

Where are they by the way?

That is a question I...

Describe the show in three words.

How do you balance work in family?

Who's the biggest prankster on The Boys?

Is it Carl Urban?

Exactly right, actually.

Yeah, big time.

Thank you.

I like saying his name.

I thought that was a country guy, Carl Urban.

Carl, no, that's Keith Urban.

That's Keith Urban.

You don't think...

Are they related?

Hold on, hold on.

Hold on, I'm having a flashback right now.

Everything's lining up.

Wait, isn't Keith Urban, is he married to...

Nicole Kidman?

Is Carl Urban C?

Is he married to Natalie Kidman?

I've been working with Natalie Kidman this whole time.

Wait, why are they the same person?

I don't know.

I can't fucking talk to that.

He's trying to contain the show.

I'm back from a show.

I'm in the show.

I'm in the show, I'm in the show.

Too is his parents?

Yeah.

Pretending he's married.

Hey, did you know Mrs. Daufauer is based on a book?

Yeah, I heard that.

That he's loom my mind.

Yeah.

Imagine reading that book.

Then he has to run into the other room and put on the makeup again.

But he only does it half ass.

A full chapter on the dry, high fruiting.

Breaking down the physics of it.

Do you think like in the book they're like, and the new husband who looks remarkably like Pierce Brosman?

It's a big pitch.

Was he a husband?

I've never seen that movie.

I think he was a boyfriend.

Was he not?

He was like trying to horn in.

Yeah, he was trying to horn in him.

He saw an opportunity.

Did they have enough together?

Trying to horn in on this woman living her life.

Yeah.

Was it Sally Field?

Yeah.

Who ends up with her at the end?

I don't know.

You can't see they get back together.

I've never seen.

No, she's like, no, I love you, Mrs. Doubtfire.

Oh!

So I'm in love with Mrs. Doubtfire.

And they just bump nubs?

And they just bump nubs.

Whoa!

Are you sure that he would go so far into the character work that he would do something with his genitals?

Yeah.

He put on a latex prosthetic or something to make it look like.

I don't know.

That's time consuming.

It was crazy.

I don't think it's time because you don't think that what he did already is not time consuming.

That's what I'm saying.

And then on top of that, you're going to make fake genitals?

All the details are probably in the book.

On the off chance, your ex-wife always in love with you and wants to bump nubs.

I just don't see a gentleman.

What, Brock?

What have, what's your method been recently?

I mean, are you doing the same method that you've always used to no success?

I mean, I'm doing all the same stuff.

I'm getting all these maps, you know, and...

Where do you get the maps from again?

We talked about the places.

All kinds of places.

I mean, I look online, of course.

You'd be dumb not to.

TreasureMap.com.

Yeah.

Just downloadable JPEGs.

It's PDFs sometimes.

PDFs.

And then people send me maps, you know, if they find one, sometimes people have one in their family that they've never done anything with.

Sometimes people don't have the time to go hunt down the stretch.

Of course, they have regular jobs.

This is my job.

And they're like, hey, I know this is your thing, dude.

Do you want to take this map?

Right.

Sorry that the edges are all like burned and stuff.

That happens.

Yeah.

And that sometimes you got to hold it up to a light bulb because it's been written in lemon juice.

Sorry, it's on the back of the declaration of independence.

Okay, okay, okay, okay.

That's land treasure.

I beg your pardon?

Sorry.

Some of it was up high too.

Like...

That's air treasure.

Was it Mount Rushmore involved?

Yeah.

Fire treasure.

That's another fire treasure.

Well, you got water treasure, you got land treasure, air treasure, and then there must be fire treasure, right?

I mean, what would be what?

In the center of the earth, maybe, or in fireplaces and stuff?

Nobody's going down there.

And fireplaces.

Center of the earth, fireplaces.

Santa must have like dropped some things going down these fireplaces occasionally, you know?

Is that treasure though?

I mean, it's old.

That's kind of present around for hundreds of years.

I mean, like some old dumb wooden horse that's over a hundred years old.

Santee, that's not treasure.

What is your definition?

Yeah.

Coins.

Okay, treasure is...

Microchips that are hundreds of years old.

Obviously coins, obviously, eventually, microchips.

You know, you're talking about coin, you're talking about crowns and tiara's, you're talking about...

Sceptors.

Ropes of pearls, sceptors.

Gosh, what else?

What about pearls?

Yeah, sure.

Is that being a rope form?

I mean, it looks better spilling out of the chest if it's...

Yeah, yeah.

It's a big clam or oyster with his, you know, maw just gaping out.

You mean how many times?

Yes, yeah.

Of course.

Yeah.

And you sneak in there either with the undosefear's arms or your own arms and you grab that pearl right out?

I will all it for something like that.

We come, look, we come across these oysters a lot.

Like big, big oysters, not like gigantic, but like bigger than an oyster you eat, right?

Yeah.

And then you get there and then it like, majestically opens up its lid and then there's the pearl and it's like, all right, I gotta go out there and grab it with my own two hands.

Yeah.

And that's what I'll do.

Wow.

You ever get...

Does it ever close on you?

It tries to every time.

Yeah.

What's the...

Yeah, what is the...

I'm having you in, right?

It's trying to eat me, yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, that's not lost on me.

What is the...

How do you get in there, but is it just a quickness?

It's...

You gotta do it with the quickness.

Yeah.

You have a sickness for that, don't you?

And so I'll see...

I'll get up to that big pearl and I'll be like, you know, like, hey, how you doing?

I'll say to the oyster, you know.

So the Joey...

Uh...

The Joey from Friends.

Oh, sorry.

I thought you...

Kind of technique.

Another word for oyster was Joey, like a baby kangaroo.

Right, right, right.

So the Joey.

I was like, what is this oyster terminology I'm learning now?

How you pull a Joey on him?

Yeah.

I pull...

Well, I'm not saying how you doing.

What the hell are you doing?

How you doing?

Like a normal person.

So, to me, the genius of Joey was that he emphasized that one syllable and so he made it his own.

Yeah.

Okay.

And now look, people like you, derailing conversations.

So...

So I'll go up and are you grooming that microphone?

Anytime I get close to it, a little fuzz goes up my nose and I'm trying to get rid of it.

You look like a lowland gorilla, like picking...

Picking nicks off of it.

What do you think, Ditter, because I look, I know a lot about the ocean.

Don't know a lot about land.

Right.

What do you...

When a gorilla is doing that, a monkey is doing that with another monkey and they pick the nits off, what determines whether or not they eat it?

Huh.

Because they don't eat all of them.

They don't eat all of them.

Sometimes they're like, no, not this one.

Not this one.

This one's too good to throw away.

Maybe where it is on the face.

Like, oh, is it by the nose?

Got some of that...

That's not juice.

It's not juice.

That makes it a little tasty.

So there's eye juice, there's snot juice, there's bile, there's shit, there's vio...

We call it Sunnies.

Sunnies.

Oh, yeah.

The juices in your eyes.

Yeah.

Anyway.

So maps, of course I'll just do a lot with sonar where I have station all of the seven seas.

I have these little...

Morbius had sonar powers.

What, the living vampire?

Do you really?

I believe so.

Because of bats.

Yes.

Little fuzz would grow in his ears.

Am I crazy or did I hear that they released that movie?

Yes.

Nobody watched it and then they released it again.

Yes.

Did they do anything different or were they just like, oh, I feel it was busy.

This is a much better time.

As I read on the Wikipedia, they said, hey, please re-release this.

We were busy that week and they fell for it.

That's too bad.

Morbius isn't in the ocean with you, right?

You've set up a bunch of stations?

Yeah.

How do you not see it?

See, okay.

Now this is the difference in training.

You automatically glommed onto the idea that it was Morbius.

Man, I'm not at all.

I'm putting shit together as I go.

How do you clearly stand step by?

I'm so fucking tired right now.

I'm saying you don't have to...

You can take it easy.

You really don't have to be this alert.

I'm trying to be more alert in life, typically.

Trying to be more present.

I appreciate it Jack.

I need you back.

Okay, yeah, yeah.

So there's not a bunch of Morbius in the sea.

What is that?

No, it's trying to get you back on track, man.

Thanks.

Trying to help you.

Thanks.

I'm sure you need your help.

So I got all these fears, right?

And these fears go in the ocean and then they emit little sonar beeps and if they get something back, they're attuned to certain materials.

So I'm obviously gold, diamonds, rubies, T.R.'s and crowns.

Acceptors.

Do you have pearls, individual pearls, septors, yes.

What about stacks of cash?

Like wet cash, does that ever happen?

It's a really treasure.

Really?

No.

So you would pass it up.

Just stacks it like a...like even like a shrink wrap to like in the movie Inside Man or whatever where they shrink wrap those giant cubes of money, you know?

You just pass it by.

Yeah.

That's all I'm there for.

Hey, somebody else finds that?

Good for them.

You know what I mean?

What do they call people who search for that?

Like wet stacks of cash?

Trologers.

The treasure vulture.

So after we're done, the trultures come in like the de- The Zee-Vee-cash?

Yeah.

Got it.

What are trultures like?

What do you think they're like?

Oh geez, okay.

They're losers.

So they don't have the balls to like go down and find the treasure.

They just find where treasure hunters have been and then they go there.

So all the work is done for them.

So, I mean, you've been doing all the- I burned that cash if I weren't underwater.

They kind of figure out a way to burn things underwater.

Yeah.

With a laser?

I've been trying.

It's not really burning.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, I know.

So, but you've been- Hey, speaking of lasers, I was at the dentist the other day and it sucked.

How come they still got to poking you with a metal stick?

What about lasers?

What are we doing with those?

Yeah, it is weird.

You know, they come at- Hey, somebody's eyeball, but you can't like get old food out of your teeth?

Yeah.

It's like the dentist always tells you don't stick anything in your mouth.

And then the first thing they do when you walk in there- Hold on a second.

I'm sorry.

I'm doing Bill Cosby himself.

The dentist says don't stick anything in your mouth?

Take it up with Bill.

I don't remember that part.

I actually was at the dentist where they had to- they were like you were not flossing.

And so they had to do a thing where they like scraped my gums and then they re-kind of sutured them together with a laser.

That's a deep cleaning.

It was a deep cleaning.

With a laser.

Yeah, that's the deepest of clean.

Yeah.

I've had that.

They got a laser involved.

It sucks.

Yeah.

It's bad.

Yeah.

They pull your gums away from your teeth.

And if you get a look at it, it's chilling.

I don't want to- Terrify.

It really does.

It looks like your mouth is in 3D.

Yeah.

Your mouth is usually in 3D.

Yeah, but this is like- Yeah, but this is like- Yeah, this is one of those looks two- seats when there's an explosion that's like one of those kind of things.

Well, Brock, I don't know what to say.

This is a terrible time for you.

I mean, it's- you've been doing all the things you normally do.

Maybe you need to switch it up like in tin cup, you know?

He like takes all the change out of his pockets.

That's a special thing.

Wait a minute.

In tin cup, he takes the change out of his pocket.

Shakes around, you know.

That movie was about treasure?

I mean, sort of.

I mean, if you consider treasure to be winning the US Open.

I don't.

Okay, then no.

Yeah.

First of all, land sport.

Well, no, but he got it into the water hazard several times.

Yeah, but you don't want to do that.

But it made him end up not winning, but having a memorable, memorable- he became more famous than ever from hitting it in the drink so many times.

Did you not see this film?

That's not- No.

That's not- Was Morbius in it?

Morbius is not in it, unfortunately.

Yeah, so is that why you passed it on?

Wait, are they going to put him in movies that he wasn't in?

Yeah, they're retroactively- Trick people in it.

Hey, you love Morbius in Jurassic Park.

Why don't you see him in his own movie?

Hey, what- the Jurassic Park series like still?

Yeah, they were still doing it.

Well now they're cloning humans in it.

I don't know.

Is that true?

Yeah.

Who cares?

You guys just talking movies in here?

Oh, hey.

I just walked by.

Who's this?

Who do you guys talk in movies?

Hey.

My name's Lisa.

I'm missing you around?

Hey.

Yeah, I just heard you guys just generally talking movies.

Is that all you're- Oh, yeah, you want to get in on this?

We're just talking about movies around Jurassic Park and Morbius.

Yeah, 101 Dalmatians?

Yeah, that's one.

Yeah, that's a movie.

I saw the cartoon a long time ago.

Okay, I didn't.

I just knew it was a movie.

Yeah, it's a movie.

You haven't seen any version of it?

No.

Hey, Lisa, can I ask you a question?

Please.

You heard about any treasure under the sea recently?

Oh, yeah.

What?

Where?

Where are you on a trench?

You know that one?

Oh, yeah.

I mean recently.

Oh, okay.

So like- Like recent treasure in the last week.

Recent treasure in the last week.

Yeah, I know there were a bunch of comp USA microchips that got dumped off a long beach.

Is that count?

Ooh, I wish I had that kind of time, but- Yeah.

I'm maybe in 50.

You could get them and then just see us.

I don't know if I'm going to live to see those microchips become treasure.

You don't have a microchip seller?

You keep them in there with like an H. And your seller?

A chip seller?

Are they H properly?

What about a person who sells them?

They have a microchip seller?

The seller, the seller, if I could- Microchip fence.

If I could put that seller in your backyard.

Backyard.

Come on, man.

You don't have a backyard?

I don't want a boat.

Oh, your backyard is the world.

That's right.

This doesn't sound like movies anymore, so I'm going to go.

Okay, thanks for listening.

Oh, oh, uh- We're meeting you.

Yeah, you too.

Independence Day.

Yeah.

The holiday, the holiday.

Yeah, I've heard of both of those.

Yeah.

Are they making a- No, I meant to spend the holiday, not the holiday, the movie.

Are they making a smash-up?

I thought you were saying another movie.

No, no, no.

The holiday with Kate Whizlet.

Trying to get rid of Lisa.

Jack Black.

Oh, sorry, sorry.

That's really really- Books, books, books.

Oh, hey, so- It sounds like you're not talking movies anymore.

World According to Garp the Book.

Books.

Oh, okay.

It's the novel.

Wow, I'm really confused, but it feels like you've moved off of movies.

Yeah, we're talking about books now.

Yeah, we're talking about books.

Great to meet you, Lisa.

Great to meet you.

You're open to close.

Uh- You should open it.

Open, please.

Okay.

And then what's up?

What's up, what's up, outdoor opener, close.

Close, close, open.

All right, great.

Thank you, Lisa.

Oh, Jimmy.

We installed silent doors in here, so that's what I really love.

Oh, nice.

The soft close.

Yeah, yeah.

Hey, one time a friend of mine.

Was that a hotel?

Yeah.

And was in the courtyard, the hotel overlooks some of the- You can see the rooms, you know, behind the- What am I trying to say?

Well, you said in the courtyard, you can look up and see the- Yeah, yeah.

Someone else can't talk today.

Just one guy- It's me.

Yeah.

I know, I'm sorry.

That was mean.

I don't know why I did that.

No, but you were right.

I'm having trouble with more of this.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

Use your words.

I'm trying to.

So, uh, my friend saw this guy, like he was having a party in his room or something, and something was not to his liking.

He called somebody up from the front desk and like, got an argument with him.

And then the guy tried to slam the door, but it was a soft close door.

Yes.

It's just when you- You do.

I love it.

Speaking of love it, Brock love it.

I love secondhand stories.

And I like to tell them.

We're running out of time on this segment.

I don't know if we're going to solve your problem.

I shouldn't have spent so much time talking about movies in the dentist.

And your friend did this hotel.

I actually did have a question.

Yeah, I don't- I don't regret that one.

Lisa did say that there was all these microchips.

Like if you were to grab them and have them age in a microchip cellar, does that still count as treasure because it wasn't recently fished out of anywhere?

Or does it like, can it age in a room?

Yeah, also, can you put it in some sort of pressurize container?

Yeah, like that.

Yeah, that ages it, you know, 50 years in one day or something.

Guys, guys, I wish you knew more about the treasure game and what makes treasure treasure.

But here alone, you can't fight the process of treasure.

You can't just make treasure.

That's why it's treasure.

Got it.

You don't think I- you don't think I'd just get a bunch of quarters and stuff like that and put them in a treasure.

I'm worried that's almost what you're about to do.

I'm mis- I'm just calling you shimmy.

I'll take those goblins.

Oh, you like shimmy?

I like shimmy.

Well, look, we're running out of time.

I normally in this type of segment, we would solve your problem somehow, but we're- We've run out of time.

Hey, that's all right.

I mean, I feel- It happens.

I feel like I had a thing.

We talked about it a little bit.

I'm satisfied.

Okay, great.

Great.

Well, Brock Lovett is here.

We need to go to a break.

Let's come back.

We're going to have someone in the wellness area of- The business, I guess.

The wellness area of business.

Yes.

And a little later we have a musician, but when we come back, we'll also have a little more from Brock Lovett.

We'll have Jack Quaid.

Hello.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang After This.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

Jack Quaid, the boys in- Yeah.

Home theaters in home theaters now.

Your own personal home theater.

Yeah.

How far should people turn their subwoofer up when they watch this show?

All the way.

Oh, subwoofers?

Yeah.

All the way.

Oh, hell yeah.

Is that like the bass?

Yeah, that's the bass.

Yeah, our show, if you listen to it with the bass all the way up, it's a totally different show.

Yeah.

We're just different lines.

Because you can't hear me.

Yeah.

And like to dogs who can hear like that really high frequency, completely different.

Also, that dude from the Oak Ridge Boys does a lot of dialogue.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Everyone who's like, oh, okay.

Yeah, it's pretty great.

You know what's funny?

You don't think it's going to be the guy that it is when you see them singing.

Yeah.

She's like a normal looking guy.

Oh, it's the one guy with a long, long beard.

Boys, men, you know who it's going to be.

Of course.

Yeah.

But Oak Ridge Boys, no.

And then I saw a television show where the Oak Ridge Boys did that song and he got applause for going as low as he did.

Huh.

I mean, of course you're going to go that low.

Absolutely.

You didn't do it in person.

It's exciting.

Yeah.

You know about plumbing the depths.

Do you think any of them are still alive?

I wonder.

I hope not.

Well, if not about your blood feud with the Oak Ridge Boys.

We have to get Dornick's guest.

Brock Levitt here.

She is in the wellness scepter.

What am I trying to say?

Man, I don't know.

I've been talking about scepters with you and I feel what am I trying to say?

The wellness sphere?

You know what?

This is like a Twilight Zone where you interjected the word scepter.

So many times, that's all I can think of.

You can say scepter scepter scepter scepter.

Scepter scepter.

Well, it's her first time on the show.

Please welcome Tierna.

Hi, Scott.

Thank you so much.

Hi, it's so great to hear you.

I believe, thank you.

The word that you're looking for is industry.

Industry.

But maybe...

Spector?

No.

James Bond?

Perhaps.

James Bond working the spy specter.

I'm not sure.

I try not to watch things that are too scary.

What I noticed about you is that you hesitated over the word business industry.

I think it's scepter.

It's not.

What am I trying to say then?

The business...

This is legitimately concerning.

Scepter.

I said that already.

But that's okay.

I feel like one of the things that I've learned from being in this room is that sometimes you don't have the words that you need.

Well, I haven't had my words all day.

It's very difficult to talk this much for so many years without, you know, fuck it up all the time.

I get it.

I'm going to start bleeding.

Yeah.

Oh, you mind?

Yeah.

I hope that's not.

Great.

I hope that's not.

Great.

Has that ever happened to you?

Oh, all the time.

Nice to meet you.

Oh, hi.

This is Jack.

Jack.

Wait.

He's from...

We met before.

Sweetness cartoons.

Yep.

And it was nice then and it's nice again now.

Where did you meet Jack before?

I'm so sorry.

We met in two swimming pools.

What?

We're next to each other.

Like actually, it wasn't concrete because too many little kids hit their heads and lost their memories.

You know, I think I actually do remember this because I thought it was strange that, I mean, there was two equally sized pools that were right next to each other with a separator.

And I feel like, you know, oh, there were so many people in both pools.

It didn't seem...

It was a COVID and a non-COVID pool.

It was a super spreader so that you could get it if you wanted.

Oh, I forgot about that super spare event that I was invited to.

Oh, yeah.

You ended up going to that?

Talking about that, you were like, come join us for our super spreader event and I said, I had RSVP'd, yes.

So did Tierna.

Tierna, I want to...

Can I ask you more?

This is Brock Lovett.

Hi, I'm Brock Lovett.

I'm a treasure hunter.

I recognize you from commercials.

Thank you.

You've seen my commercials.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So many.

We've never talked about this.

What are you advertising?

I advertise my services.

Do you have treasure that needs finding?

Yeah.

Or do you have treasure you'd like me to find?

It seems more like, do you know where treasure is and I'll go in there and find it and keep it for myself?

Well, no.

Isn't that what your business is?

You bring it back to the family?

If I find it by myself, I'm just out there looking for treasure.

Of course, I keep all of it.

You keep all of it.

Sometimes I give stuff to a museum.

Sure.

Yeah.

If it belongs in a museum.

Yeah.

So who doesn't belong in a museum?

Wait, I had a question.

Please.

So I want to know more about these kids that hit their heads and lost their memories.

Oh, it was a big to do.

Like a museum?

Talked about it.

Yeah, she did too.

Oh, who are these kids?

Oh, man.

There were so many children from all over the province.

They all hit their heads, lost their memories, and then swimming pools were outlawed for 25 years.

You said province.

Is this in Canada?

This is in Canada.

Are we in Canada?

Not currently.

Boy, I fell asleep on the plane, I guess.

Where did you think you were going?

Yeah, we were going to the border.

Going home and right back around.

I do go to the border often.

That's where I get several types of tulips.

You can't buy them all within your own country.

Like fireworks.

No, when you go to Indiana for fireworks because they don't celebrate your state.

That's who I am with different types of flowers.

When's the last time you got married?

Oh, last time.

Okay.

What day is it today?

I'm worried that Tierna is one of these kids who hit her head on the pool.

I think so, but just I think she sounds cool.

Really?

No, she sounds cool.

She sounds cool.

I don't think she sounds cool.

Honestly, she looks cool.

She looks cool.

She's a cool lady.

Yeah, I mean, just everything about her.

I sound and look itchy if you ask me because I am.

I feel it and I know it.

So there are few things in life that you know more than whether or not you have an itch.

That's true.

I mean, if you have one, you're going to figure it out.

You'll figure it out fast.

Unless you have leprosy, right?

Well, hey, jealousy is...

That's how I feel whenever somebody has leprosy and I wish I did as well.

But you know, if wishes were horses, we'd all be cowboys.

So we have to figure out a way to be content within ourselves.

And that's what I'm here to eventually talk about.

Okay.

Yeah, interesting to your note.

Oh my God, guys, guys, she needs help.

What?

I think she's on a roll.

That would be cool because she looks so cool.

She's very cool, very inching.

The sunglasses?

Damn.

And when she took off the sunglasses, that made like a cooler.

And then when she put the sunglasses on her head, I was like, it can't get cooler.

Yeah, she's so cool.

But then she put them on her feet.

That was like, that's even cool.

I don't think it worked, but it only worked.

Yeah, it worked.

It worked.

She pulled it off.

Tierna, so you're here to talk about wellness and you know about this?

Oh, boy.

I know about it.

Like, I know the back of the hand that my tiger accidentally bit when I was feeding him.

And the answer is real well because I studied it in the hospital.

And I am still doing fine.

Thank you for not asking because it's- Oh, you don't want to be asked about this.

No.

Never ask a woman about her tiger in industries or in materials.

Never have, never will.

Yeah.

Thank you.

Yeah.

And but really what I'm here to say is that when you're scared, like of a witch in your cabinet, the only thing that will solve the fear is if you open where you get the cereal from and you say, do your worst, grab me by the throat, take me to the underworld, but fly me first class because if I'm going to hell, I want to arrive in style and inside out.

So when the witch brings you there, at least you have a story, right?

Have you ever shown up?

Oh, sure.

I'll be like, I'll be like, I'll be like, my hot air balloon is malfunctioning.

I'm in a tinker with it.

Guys, I totally remember this day where I was at the pool.

Like, because I remember she looked so cool.

Yeah.

She was wearing like, even in a bathing suit.

Yeah, no, she was wearing like a full on tiger's pelt as a bathing suit.

That's awesome.

I remember when she hit her hand, it was like, it was really bad.

You saw the action.

Yeah.

I saw it when you hit her head.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

How bad was it?

I'm actually surprised she remembers me from the incident.

Oh, it was bad.

Because she did a full on, she did a full on dive from a roof onto the divider.

She said, I'm going to hit the divider.

We're all like, you're so cool.

She was so cool.

I thought she could pull it off.

Quick question.

How many floors is this building?

And is there a ladder to the tippity tube?

It's 56 floors.

Oh, lucky number 56.

And unfortunately, there's not a ladder.

I wouldn't feel good about you getting out there on a ladder.

Yeah, I don't want you on the tippity tube about anything right now.

Okay.

Well, snooze, you lose.

And you know what?

Bygods are big on.

So don't worry about it.

I'll see you at the time.

At the movies?

Tierna, so when did you, I'm trying to ascertain when you became interested in the wellness sector.

I got it right.

Is this before your accident or after?

I'm not sure what accident you're referring to.

Oh, that day of the pool that where you met Jack.

Oh, you mean our chance encounter where we became good friends and he infiltrated my dreams.

Uh huh.

Yeah.

I've always been interested in wellness because there's few things that can make you cry like being healthy.

Yeah.

So I think.

Funions, sad stories.

Onions, sad story and just general blood health.

So if your blood is good and healthy, you'll cry every day and that keeps the doctor as I would suggest is to cry every day.

If I suggested to you to go inside of your own feelings, Scott, what flavor would emerge?

Uh, my own feelings about regarding what's happening right now.

And I see you post a question to my question, which is the fifth step to wellness.

Really?

Jamie Fossell.

Don't worry me.

Fossell.

I'm trying to give this.

How many steps are there?

None of those were the notes.

Yes.

Are you in the corner?

How many?

That's me in the spotlight.

How many, how many steps are there to well?

Well, there's at least five.

But there's usually two.

At least five, but usually two.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, of course.

First step, get well.

The second step, be well.

Okay.

Okay, guys.

I'm remembering more about the day.

Excuse us for one second.

Absolutely.

I've just dropped a lot of salt.

Oh, okay.

Good.

Yeah.

I'm remembering everything's so much clearer now.

She was talking to me about blood health.

She was a blood specialist.

She's a blood specialist.

Like an morbius?

Yes.

Like Morbius.

And she was an expert roof diver.

Oh.

And this was like her big show.

Like this was like the big.

Where she was combining both of them?

Yeah.

Exactly.

She was like, I'm going to get my blood on the roof.

Was she like doing like a backyard circuit or something?

Yeah, it was a backyard circuit.

She said like, Oh man, I was just in Toronto.

That's where Canada comes from.

Bravo.

So yeah, province.

Yes.

So she's this is all making sense.

It's crazy.

Why?

Why you're a, yeah, you.

I'm holding my hand up and saying what?

Listen, Jack, while you're remembering things so well.

Yeah.

Was everything shiny at the bottom of those pools?

Dude, come on.

Not now.

Seriously.

I mean, yes.

Wet cash?

Yeah, sure.

There was some wet cash and a big box that was shining.

And it was like, and it was like, it was like glinting in the sun.

It was made of gold.

It was like the lid kind of floating up.

It was just begging for someone to lift it up.

Big oysters.

Nobody would.

I was in the COVID section of the pool.

So I think the, I think the non-COVID section maybe had the oysters.

But anyway, I don't know.

Maybe if we can like maybe go down there and find that treasure, we can bring back her memory.

Maybe make a helper, help her out.

I like the, I like the finding the treasure part.

I don't think we can leave.

Ask me a question.

Yeah.

Hi.

Hello.

Tierna.

How can we help you?

Oh, thank you so much.

I'll have a, you pick two with a soup and a Caesar salad.

Oh.

Okay.

She thinks that she's at, what is it?

Pandora's bread.

Love Pandora's bread.

I'm not Pandora's bread, but the playlists are all over the place.

It's like, did you even pick, go off the song I gave you?

Okay.

You're thinking of Pandora at this point.

Yeah.

I can't tell what I'm thinking.

So you certainly can't.

It's your wish Lisa were here because Pandora makes me think of Avatar.

Wait, hold on.

Maybe we can summon Lisa.

Lisa!

Let's all show you.

Wait.

Five easy pieces.

Oh, wait.

She's here.

No, she came so quickly.

I heard somebody say Avatar.

That's a movie, right?

Go for the avatar.

Cool.

Two different movies, actually.

Oh, I wouldn't know that.

I haven't seen him.

You haven't seen either.

No.

Oh, and Jimmy's here.

Hi.

I heard go for Jimmy.

Hey, Lisa, were you also invited to that super spreader event about a few months back?

Oh, yeah.

I tried to go to all of them.

Yeah.

Okay.

Did you, did you mean you wouldn't name Tierna?

Oh, yeah.

Tierna.

Look out.

You met Tierna too?

She's the coolest.

Yeah.

She is really cool.

She gave me a locket full of her own hair.

Her own hair.

Wow.

Do you still have it?

Yeah.

I got it on my car and see if I can find it.

Oh, yeah, please.

Yeah.

Come right back though.

Before you do, did you grab that treasure that was in the bottom of that pool?

Oh, no, can't do sorry.

Bye.

Oh, no.

She gave me a whole toenail.

I wasn't sure if I was supposed to leave during that.

Oh, no, no, no.

No, no, no.

I feel like I overheard a confidence.

No, no, Tierna.

We want you here.

We're there.

Let's all go around and cheer one and one half secrets.

Oh.

So you tell a full secret and then you say the half of the next one.

Back half of her.

Okay.

Taylor's choice, which is me and I say you get to choose.

Okay.

Great.

That works out.

Jack, you want to tell a secret and then half?

A secret and half, sure.

I love the smell of my own farts.

That's a full one.

Give us a happy.

I've killed.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

Now, do I finish his?

Yeah, do we complete the other person?

Well, it depends if you are sharing in the sandwich.

Go ahead.

But if you're, if you want your own.

Oh, my God.

I think we're sharing in the sandwich.

Okay.

I've killed Natalie Kidman.

Wow.

And then the half.

Somebody called deadline to learn the next.

No, he did the half.

So now he is.

Oh, I'll finish it.

Now I have to do a full one.

Yeah.

Full one all on your own.

Yeah.

All right.

I once found some dry treasure and I kept it.

What?

What a treasure?

Dry treasure.

Dry land treasure.

What?

A stunning revelation.

Where did you find it?

On the ground.

Just on the ground.

Under the ground.

Like in the middle of the street.

Under the ground?

Middle of the street.

No, I found it.

Uh, there's a ground.

What happened?

Things will get brown there.

If you go down there, under the ground.

I love that song.

That was in the book version of Little Mermaid.

Oh, right.

That song.

It just kids about entropy.

Things will get brown there.

They got a bird.

Where did you find this treasure?

This ground treasure.

It was a fellow man from some old ghost town.

I was there.

Oh.

Sorry.

I don't like ghosts.

I'm scared of them.

I am afraid of none of them.

Oh, you should be.

It's bad for your blood pressure.

Do not be.

Do not be scared of ghosts.

It's so bad for your blood pressure.

Hey, Tierney, what's your last name?

When's the last smarg?

Smarg.

Ah.

I wonder if that actually is your last name.

When's the last life you went to the doctor?

Did you, and the doctor checks your pulse with...

He checks my what?

He checks your pulse.

Okay.

Is the doctor?

Have to check pulses now.

And then the doctor...

I think she said post.

And then the doctor checks your post.

He puts bills on it, even though it says not to.

And then the doctor measures your hat size and then he asks, are you afraid of ghosts?

This is your yearly checkup.

Wow, Tierney.

Damn.

Do I need to tell...

Okay, I'm actually...

I'm the real first person who went to the moon.

Wow.

You're so old.

Yeah, well, the thing is, is the people we all thought were the original, but they never went.

Do you know their names?

Neil Armstrong.

You seem like you were caged beyond it.

Could you name one other person?

Buzz.

A.

Aldrin?

Wow.

You were gonna say like you.

I'm here and I do.

My favorite astronaut was always the rest.

Yes.

Buzz Aldrin rounds out the caged.

It's like a deadline.

It's definitely a deadline.

And others.

What's your half a secret?

My half a secret is one time when I went to Yosemite National Park.

Oh.

Okay, then Tierney, do you complete this?

I'll complete that.

Do you complete me?

Lisa?

I tried.

Hey, you guys talking about movies again?

I did.

Oh, we were talking about Jerry McGuire.

We were talking about...

Oh, yeah.

Oh, I was around.

Are we talking about a deadline?

We're talking about a deadline, which is kind of like a...

Oh, yeah, a deadline talks about all kinds of...

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

That's right here about most movies.

So we can mention sources of movie news and you'll appear?

You can name literally anything to do with a movie and I'll probably have heard about it and I'll have a stop.

Film stock?

Yeah, sure.

Aspect ratio?

Yeah, that's what they make the movie with, right?

Best boy.

Oh, I love him.

Strip.

70 millimeter?

It is too many.

It is too enough.

Dolly track.

Hey, Lisa, are you turning into tears?

Are you not related to tears?

You guys look very cool.

There was something in my car that I left in my car.

I got to go get it, right?

Oh, yeah, get that locker full of hair.

Wait, guys, hold on.

Hold on.

I think we're all in the same page.

Sorry.

It's our game.

Okay, I'm remembering so much more now.

Oh, what happens?

They were twins.

Oh.

Twins.

And we are not on the same page.

He was tears now and Lisa smarg.

Here's what I thought was going on.

What are you thinking?

I thought either Lisa or tears now we're pulling a Mrs. Doubtfire.

Yeah.

And they're going to try to rob us, right?

I'm going to fall over.

They're trying to like fall in love with one of us.

Maybe you're trying to be our caregiver or I need a caregiver for sure.

Who here is sick?

Who is this?

Who's this speaking?

This is tears now.

Oh, tears now.

The slight.

I see the heart.

Who are you supposed to be?

Oh, I'm the host of the show.

Oh, yeah.

I'm going to be on the podcast right now.

I didn't know if this was like Greg Kinnear meets Joel the guy from a talk soup.

What's his name?

The two guys from talk soup.

Joel McCat.

Yeah.

Did they both do talk soup?

They both do talk soup.

Yeah.

They should have combined their energy.

Yeah.

She's had one of them.

Scott, actually where is Greg Kinnear?

Why isn't he here?

Why isn't he here right now?

Yeah.

Can you summon him?

I'm actually upset about this.

Yeah.

I don't like to have too many ghosts on this.

Oh, no.

Greg Kinnear still with us.

Yeah.

You don't like to have too many ghosts.

Too many.

Like even one is pushing it as far as I'm concerned.

Can we talk to Lisa?

I don't know.

Who's that?

Lisa!

Turn this and run out of the room.

Sweetie, mate.

And you just told the baby.

Oh, hey, you guys talk about a movie or something?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Rooster's millions.

Cool.

Oh, yeah.

Ooh-hoo.

The train coming out of the camera.

Yeah, you know, craft service.

I wouldn't know.

I mean, yeah.

Yeah.

You want me to get the thing from my car?

Yeah.

Why have you not brought it back?

Well, you can't say.

It's like hair or a toenail or something.

What are you getting from your car?

She's got hair.

She's tearing his hair in a lock-in.

She knows how to use it.

Listen.

Yeah.

How far away is your car?

Oh, I had to park it overflow.

The mid-law was full.

Oh, no.

Ear will overflow.

No.

We shall never get it.

There's so many podcasts going on today.

Okay.

Well, should I go?

Or you seem to be calling the shots.

Do you want to say who you want here?

I don't know.

I can't quite tell.

I feel like there's a mystery we have to solve here.

And I don't know what we need to do.

This is going to be a very frustrating experience for the listeners because we didn't solve Brock's mystery.

No, at the end of his segment, I don't think we're solving Tierra and Lisa's mystery by the end of her segment.

I have theories though.

We have theories about both, but you know, we don't have any evidence, as they say.

We have plenty of theories, but we do need to take a break.

Okay.

Who, wait, Tierra's back.

Is she?

Lisa.

I just had a children's ran up my spine, like real fast like a mouse.

Wow.

Is there a chance it was a mouse?

It was probably a mouse.

Yeah.

Is this Stuart Little?

Lisa, Lisa, you're back.

Oh my God.

I'm just going to move you.

Yeah.

What's going on?

Hey, you're tearing apart, Lisa.

That's also a movie reference.

No, I'm sticking around.

Oh, cool.

All right.

By the way, guys, if you notice that, yeah, what's up?

She stopped running in and out of the room.

I know.

I feel like it's gotten French.

She's just like turning around in a circle.

They should have met each other by now.

I actually just put a little dog bed over here in the corner.

I just got to grill up into it.

Oh, okay.

That's what that is.

I thought there was a mouse bed.

Anyway, okay.

Well, look, we're going to take a break.

Okay.

Man, what an uncertain note we're leaving this segment on.

I think this is like that.

What's that James Wan movie that just came out with the backwards woman?

Malignant.

This is a malignant situation.

Wait, we just said a movie.

God tell you.

Yeah, I'm staying.

Hey, hey, hey.

You never read a beat.

Are you a malignant?

Lisa, I don't know.

I don't know.

Or is Tearn of the malignant.

I think she's a malignant.

Lock the doors.

Somebody here is a malignant.

Lock all the doors.

We have a malignant here.

Now we're going to turn out the lights.

And what?

Where's a malignant?

It's a terrible idea.

There's only one man who can solve this problem, Dr.

Michael Morbius.

Put him in here.

We could put him in the podcast.

It's true.

Like we put him in Jaws.

Is this your type of thing that I could help with?

Who's this?

It's me Moon Knight.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

That's correct.

It's no night.

Yeah, close.

Sorry, Lisa, you're leaving because we're talking about TV.

Okay, goodbye.

She malignanted.

She just turned right around.

Oh, my God.

But I'll stay.

Okay, look.

We need to take a break.

Okay.

We're not going to get to the bottom of this.

It obviously is.

And Jack, I know you have to go, right?

Yeah, I got a bail.

Okay.

It's too confusing.

That's crazy.

You're going to have to keep up with me.

I can stay.

Oh, thank God.

Wait, you could finally stay now?

This room is starting to feel like that other pool.

It really is.

Very crowded.

Oh, my God.

Well, look, we're going to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a musician, Jackson, Gonna Go.

But we'll be right back with more company, baby, after this.

Company bang bang, we're back.

Jack Quaid, of course, from The Boys had to leave.

And Brock love it.

Just dang.

And the malignant Terna slash Lisa is here.

Keep your face wet.

Yes.

Definitely.

That's my number one tip.

Now that I agree with.

Right.

It's dolphins.

They're the smartest bambles.

They are.

They police the sharks.

They're fucking ACAB.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

You see, baby.

Do you pronounce it, ACAB?

ACAB.

I get too confused with Affleck.

Well, maybe that's because you watch too much TV.

I gotta say, that sounds elegant to me.

ACAB.

Oh, excuse me, Officer.

ACAB.

Anyway.

Anyway, singing in the rain.

The next person coming on the show.

Oh, yes.

No, we are you taking over?

Yeah, please.

It's best for, I think, for your self-esteem, if I do it.

Yeah.

So you know this person from music in New Orleans where they made music, but they died, but they died.

They died.

Oh, no.

Is this a ghost?

Yeah.

I'm scared of it.

A ghost.

I'd love to meet Dr. Jai.

And such a nightmare.

Hey, how's everybody going?

How's everybody going?

Everybody going on.

We got fusion under Dr. Jaunt's, baby.

It's catch-ups.

How's everybody going?

I love that cage lingo.

How's everybody going?

You would say at the beginning of every concert, too.

You go down to Bourbon Street at like 12 o'clock.

You hear a lot of how's it going?

Oh, y'all going.

Well, I even say I forgot.

I can't talk today.

How's it going?

It's going to go over here today.

Yeah.

Hey, the ghost of Dr. John.

What's going on?

So, Rachel, you passed away relatively recently.

A relative, a resident.

You remember when?

You know, I don't remember because of the arid.

Why would you go around for a time when I was passing away?

Because you don't remember the day of your own death.

No, it just suddenly happens to you, right?

It's just like, oh, uh-oh, spigadios.

And you're out of here.

You don't remember the day you died?

No, no.

What's the last day you remember?

Yeah, last day I remember I was, uh, I don't know.

I was on a roof.

And I had just had like a nice bin.

Yeah, yeah, in my hand.

And I was going, get out of my property.

To some kids that kind of crossed over the wall.

I got a big wall on my property.

And I said, get out of here.

And I had to get on the roof because they were so tall.

And, uh, that's the last thing I remember before, you know, I woke up in this astral plane.

Oh my God, so you died somehow being on a roof.

Somehow being on a roof.

Listen to it.

He's so good at turning anything into music.

Yeah, that's one of my talents.

Hey, John.

Yeah.

I don't know if you're aware of this since you died, but Popeyes came out with a chicken sandwich that just crushed everybody.

Oh, yeah, that's so nice to hear.

You can have it spicy or not, but why bother?

Oh, man.

Does he have a connection to Popeyes that I'm not remembering?

Not actually, not particularly, but I'm just happy to do it well.

Other than singing the song on the commercials.

Yeah, other than that.

Oh, no, no, no.

What was that song, Dr. John?

It was like this.

It was like, it was like, kids get off my lawn.

Oh, he's the guy.

My name is Dr. John.

And everyone's better eat these sandwiches.

See, I see this a lot in my work.

People, they get hung up on a particular happening in their life and they can't move past it.

Like you, Greg Keneer.

You're still stuck hosting talk soup.

Oh, I'm not.

I love Greg Keneer.

Do you know anyone that got hung up on the happening, the movie by M. Night Shyamalan?

I've seen that.

Oh, no, she's malignanting.

Yeah.

That was a quick one.

Oh, we're talking about the happening.

Yeah, I heard it.

Where the air attacks be placed.

The plane's got mad.

Yeah, the plane's got mad.

I'm stuck with John.

What's up, John?

Hey.

Oh, this is the ghost of Dr. John.

Yeah, you might, you were a movie buff by the chance.

What kind of a movie, Lean?

Yeah, you're a movie Lean.

What's your name, Disney movie?

I was.

It was called Princess in the Frog.

Can't you damn new old leanings.

They told me I'd be either the princess or the frog, but then I was just a disembodied voice.

Oh, that is rude.

Yeah.

And that's why I'm here today.

Oh, that's why you're here.

Yeah, I mean, I got some unfinished business.

I got one.

Oh, well, this help will this help you ascend into the homeland?

Yeah, into the homeland.

Everybody's naked there, but nobody cares.

So here's the deal.

While Disney Corporation, while Disney Corporation told me I'd be either the princess or the frog in Princess in the Frog, up to a lot lately.

Yeah, a lot of a lot of tricky business, especially in Florida.

Oh, man, don't even get me started.

I am up to date on current events.

I just can't remember the day that I die.

Okay, you should just go read the paper, the ghost paper every day.

Oh, yeah.

Is that about ghost or just for ghosts or anybody goes for ghosts?

Like isn't there a column in the back that says, you know what in the model world this happened?

Like I know about like January since instead of obituaries, do they have births?

Yeah, they're like, this person was born today.

They're going to cause some shit.

Eventually they'll get here.

When ghosts get new agents and stuff.

Yeah, yeah, there's a lot of breaking stories about like, oh, man, they got poached by UTA.

Sometimes they just say what's been offered a role, which is why to be like, not even clothes.

They've been offered the role.

Do you think it's to shame them into accepting it?

Yeah, like they're like, Oh, shoot, the ghost paper reported that I got to do it.

Yeah.

Were you all were you ghosts all upset when that movie Casper came out?

Oh, pissed off.

Yeah, in the sixth sense.

You were alive for that game.

I was not currently dead when Casper was out.

I was mad when I became a ghost.

I was like, wait a second.

This is offense.

That was the first thing you thought of when you came out.

Yeah, when I when I died, I did not remember what happened to me on that roof.

And then I said to myself, Casper was a little bit rough.

Yeah.

I was in the age well.

And then I was dead.

Well, you were upset that it didn't age well.

It didn't age well because I mean, obviously in the at the time, everyone loved it.

But then with the benefit of I'd say you look back.

They're like, wait a minute.

You couldn't make it today.

This is a family movie about a dead child.

It would be real true.

That is kind of strange.

And that's why I want to sue the Walt Disney Corporation.

Oh, that's why you come here today.

For many reasons, Princess and the Frog, Dr. Teeth in general, steal my over.

That's right.

Disney owns the Muppets.

Now I'm up on current event.

Can you please help me?

Do you know any lawyers?

I could absolutely take your case and stuff it.

Oh, man.

I don't have a lot of confidence about this.

I'm a great orator.

I'm taking a real Johnny Pecek approach.

Okay.

What about you, Mr. Diver, man?

You know, lawyer.

Treasure lawyer.

You must have treasure lawyers.

Yeah, of course.

They're treasure lawyers.

And what do they work out?

They work out whether you can keep the treasure, whether you have to throw it back in the sea.

Yeah.

If there's a percentage of the treasure that I get to keep, if I can keep the whole thing, if I have to share the treasure with anybody, it's boring.

Listen.

Yeah.

Not as boring as what I would say.

What are you, a doctor of again?

Yeah, I'm a doctor of Zainico.

Oh, right.

Yeah.

He's Steve's.

I had five years at the Zainico school.

It's where they make you stand on one leg and they give you an accordion and they just stuff like five beignets in your mouth and you cannot chew them and you just got to wait until they dissolve for five years.

That's why they're still five in there.

You're obviously from New Orleans, which is a mention.

Oh, can you not tell?

I'm going to do it a third time.

Right.

Oh, I am.

He is definitely waiting.

Wait till I get into Po boy.

You mentioned Bourbon Street too.

Yeah.

That's a good boy.

That's all checked out.

Yeah.

Why don't you put DZ after your name?

Dr. John Deza.

When it was DZ like DZ.

Doctor of Zainico.

Oh, thank you, dear enough.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

This woman with an obvious head injury is following this.

I feel like I understand only the things most people don't.

It's what keeps me going.

You ever been to a grocery store and someone's like, where's the cereal?

Then you're like a tornado is coming, but you were right.

Yes.

It's all about the hidden.

Lisa, anchor's away.

Anchors away.

A tornado like a twister?

Oh, no.

Don't get too excited.

That's not you.

I don't care about you.

Hey, Lisa.

Hey, what's up?

Twister.

We just mentioned Twister.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

I saw the movie.

Yeah.

Hey, did you get that hair yet?

I had forgotten what I was doing.

Yeah.

Do you need me to?

Yeah, the overflow park in today is crazy.

Yeah.

But when I pulled in in my ghost car, it was.

You have a ghost car.

I have a ghost car.

It's got it's bedazzled.

It's got several feathers on it.

Several.

Oh, I saw that.

I thought that was a big bird.

Yeah, that's kind of what I'm going for.

Every time I start to go, you guys call me back.

So I have an hard time getting there.

That's fair.

No, I have to give her the time to go to parking lot C.

She's an overflow.

Don't forget.

I got a little closer this time.

Hey, real quick.

In ground, how day when.

Oh, heaven see.

Well, the very why it sounds like you haven't seen a lot of movies.

That's a great movie about about a gopher at the very end of the movie.

You think of a catish.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

It's about a gopher.

Yeah.

Body dysmorphia.

I get my rodent movies confused.

I never before I died.

I am after I died.

When Bill Murray can play the piano so well at the end.

Yeah.

Blown everybody way.

And then the piano teacher, the alert piano from.

Yeah.

Says that's my student.

Yeah.

Even though at that point.

Yeah.

Because he would have come in earlier in the day and she said, okay, well, you want to take lessons, show me what you know.

And he plays as good as he played in the concert and she goes, well, I could teach you one thing at the end.

Maybe like go, that's more of a suggestion.

Yeah.

I mean, should be fair.

Should be fair.

Shouldn't be taking any.

Fair to be so proud and say that's my student like.

Here's my theory.

Here's my other theory.

She's also being groundhog day.

Oh, she's the one character who knows what's happening has been experiencing it in real time along with Bill Murray.

And she lets it slip right at the very end.

At the very end, she's like, oh, maybe I shouldn't have said it.

Notice how she gets embarrassed after she says it and shakes her head and says like, and looks at the camera and goes, I shouldn't have said it.

No, I was just pitching.

I was just pitching on the movie groundhog day.

Yeah.

It's not out of the question for someone to add a butt up on a piano riff.

That's what I'm saying.

Like sometimes I'm playing the piano like, you know, this needs a bada bop.

I'm loving it.

I was going to pitch that a Bill Murray had to like write a hippo everywhere he went.

Just.

Yeah.

Why not?

Okay.

Like maybe there's a specialty saddle that they made and yeah, like a hippo saddle.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I would like to see that saddle.

Right?

Well, actually, I mean, if we're just, you know, just a special.

A hippo saddle, you say.

Throw stuff at the wall.

Maybe it's just a movie about a hippo saddle that somebody has to build and then they have to like, you know, they come to life or just to share.

I mean, hey, there's no bad ideas.

Absolutely.

So the hippo saddle.

When anyone says there's no bad ideas, they think it's a bad idea.

Yeah, I'm just sure to be a supportive in the room.

By saying there's no bad ideas and applying that it's a bad idea.

I'm going to go to my car.

Wait a minute, Lisa.

Bring back that hair.

Hold on a second.

Lisa, I got a question.

Do you work in the movies or you just like a movie leaning?

She doesn't even see them.

No, I refuse.

Oh, it's real.

It's real.

It's real bad for him.

I need one connection to the Walt Disney corporation.

He can't even watch movies because she always has her back to him because she's the malignant.

Are you a malignant?

I am an attorney for Walt Disney Incorporated.

For one?

Yeah.

Why is that surprising?

Oh, my God.

Somebody said something makes you lose the malignant.

Maybe tear the malignant.

No, that's not that.

We're looking for someone to sue the Walt Disney corporation.

Yeah, you'd be just so I'm not this.

Yeah, you'd be honestly my greatest enemy right now.

Well, I don't feel like you're out of me.

I feel like I know.

I mean, we're cordial.

But besides that, you know, I don't.

Yeah, they are.

Lisa, bring back that hair.

Well, okay, I'll go get the hair.

My theories, if we stuff the hair back into the head injury, yeah, it'll solve everything because suddenly the air won't be getting into the head.

I've been in this exact same situation before.

Why are you looking at me and leave on him?

Hi, Tierna.

I'm confused at why you're struggling so hard to try and find a solution.

Why you can't be content within yourself.

Have you watched movies, Tierna?

Yeah, all of them.

So Lisa is the malignant.

She always has her back to the movie.

And Tierna must be a defense lawyer.

So a prosecution lawyer that I could use to sue.

I told you I was representing you.

But you rejected me.

You swatted me out of the sky like a bad helicopter.

You were saying in a representative phase.

Please represent the ghost of Dr. John.

Okay, I'm scared to be ill.

You malignant head injury person.

This trial will rival the viewership of the devy her trial.

Like a malignant representative two sides.

I want to put you to the right.

How you getting there?

And one of us is a ghost of a dead side of the position.

Yeah.

And I'm going to go and pop up on my piano the whole time.

And then Shimi's there?

Shimi's there.

Yeah, I'm there for sure.

Yeah.

I mean, this is gold.

Shimi's a camera.

Sorry, buck.

Oh, this is land gold.

This is land gold.

Forget it.

Hell of eyes land gold.

Forget it.

Well, I think we finally found everything to tie it all together.

I guess if you needed that to tie it up.

We've solved several me after all.

Well, look guys, we're running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

That is a little something called plugs.

Oh, no.

Oh, hey, that was me.

Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

Oh, never mind.

That must have been recorded on the day of my death.

Any song must be recorded on the day.

Yeah.

I like that as trivia though, if you play a song and then who was that?

And it's one of the people that's there.

Oh, yeah.

That would be crazy.

That was Afro duck sounds with Oynoy plugtastic funk.

Thank you to them.

And what are we plugging?

Brock love it.

What do you want to plug?

Well, I mean, I guess if you know of any treasure, let me know.

You can just plug treasure.

I'm plugging people telling me where treasure is.

Okay.

I'll allow it.

You have to.

All right.

I do want to, I want to see my plug time to someone else.

What?

To Shimi?

Wait.

Yeah, you all right?

Okay.

Hey, everybody.

You know this guy Paul F. Tonkins?

Oh, yeah, we know.

Yeah.

He's got some shows coming up.

You all want to know about?

Can you even get to them?

I mean, you're trapped here in the studio.

If I can, hey, if I can, I'll make it for sure.

If you see me there, say hello, Shimi and give me a hand shake.

How old people know you, Shimi, because we obviously have seen you.

Oh, they don't know.

Are you going to show up and then leave?

I've been showing up and leaving a bunch throughout the entire show.

All right.

But look, here's how it goes.

Here's how it goes.

Okay.

This is a good way to start a plug.

I like this.

Here's how it goes.

How are you going?

Oh, Friday.

Hey, everybody.

How you going?

Nice.

Friday, July 1st.

Lap, Kess and Tonkins.

Paul F. Tonkins, the normal lap is due to two-person improv show in front of a live audience that will also be live streamed to the world via Dynasty typewriter.

The world.

Then, Sunday, July 3rd.

Paul F. Tonkins hosts his variety show, Verreitopia, Loud Dream in Highland Park.

This one was delayed, was it not?

It was because of COVID because of the performer having COVID.

Yeah.

Not just generally.

Well, both.

Okay.

Yeah.

Well, this is very exciting.

The one calls the other.

The latter calls the one.

Go to PaulF.tonkins.com slash live for tickets.

Wow.

Amazing.

Okay.

Bye.

See you later, Shumi.

I hope that was all right.

That was okay.

No, we love shimmy around these parts.

Of course.

He is lovable.

Plus, people will know him because of his t-shirt that says shimmy.

Yeah.

And then on the back, it says shimmy, which was Wu-Tang Clan merch that he just adapted for.

Yeah.

Oh, I love the Wu-Tang Clan.

Do you, Dr. Nick?

Big Wu-Tang fan.

Really?

Yeah.

What's your favorite track?

Oh, man.

I love.

What's that?

Wu-Tang Clan ain't nothing to fuck with.

Hey, he knows his stuff.

I know.

What's your favorite part of New Orleans?

Ah, it's Burpett Street.

And Benyase.

That's number four.

That's number four on the Benyase clock.

Oh, right.

Yeah, I'll happen now.

I got a lawyer.

That's a motherly, I'm named.

Do you want to plug anything?

Yeah.

I want to plug the boy season three.

Midsies and check-in.

You're going to see some butts.

And then, uh, startoon cartoon.

Right?

Sometimes at some place will be available.

Um, yeah.

I just also a podcast called Hero Club Dungeons and Dragons.

Jack Quay produces it.

That's part of part of- Oh, it was here before.

Yeah, he left right before he got here.

Yeah, it happens a lot.

Is he avoiding you?

He's avoiding me because I keep houting in with my zydeco.

Oh, that tracks it.

Yeah, I'm playing accordion right in his ear tonight.

Oh, that's rude.

Oh, he does not like it.

No wonder he's so tired and cat-tocks.

Yeah, so he cannot speak at all.

And I mean, since you're known for playing the piano, probably that accordion playing is terrible.

I know, but- That's similar?

That's five years in accordion school, man.

It's five venues in my mouth.

That is an accordion, but just a sideways, squishy piano.

Exactly.

You've got to pump yourself.

If there is a note on an accordion that if you play it, you will shit your pants.

Whoa.

Yeah.

It's a low note.

Oh, man.

Hero Club is that podcast?

Hero Club.

Check it out on the- Everything.

Uh, Tierna, am I talking to?

Yeah, why not?

Okay.

What do you want to plug?

I just want to plug that everyone stays glued to their seeds.

And watch- You can watch Apple TV.

There's a show called Physical.

That's the opposite of Mental.

That's how you can remember it.

And there's some episodes that'll be interesting to you, and then some that we don't know what happens.

Okay.

Good plug.

I've only seen some of them, and I'll let you choose which ones you watch.

Okay.

And, um, Star Toons Tiny Desk is coming back for Season 3.

Um, on Paramount Plus Network, I think we don't know when, but it'll happen.

Oh, it's so sick.

Stay glued to your butts.

How not wait.

Stay glued to your butts.

Um, I want to plug the look, the CBB tour.

Look.

We're starting in about a month.

Why, man?

Get up off of your asses and go to your ass-less computer and buy tickets for that.

Nice.

I want to highlight the Los Angeles show, the CBB World Show.

We've finalized who the three shows are that are opening for it.

Yeah, I may announce it at some point, but you're going to be very happy with those.

So, uh, that's- Tell us right now.

Tell me.

No, I can't keep it in reserve for a while.

Oh, give Dr. Jown a squoosey.

Yeah.

He deserves it.

He's dead.

Yeah.

We're doing a regular comedy bang bang there, but also three CBB World shows are opening up for it.

That's a very special one.

But we're doing so many shows.

We're doing Minneapolis.

Madison.

I'm not going to list them all, but I'm putting together all the lineups for that right now.

And they're very, very good.

So, you're going to want to go see it.

Head over to CBBWorld.com slash tour and you can buy tickets for any of those.

And while you're there, if you subscribe for a year, you get two months free.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

Open up the bag.

Gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it.

Oh, baby, don't have a plug bag.

Open up the plug bag.

All right, that was definitely me.

Yeah, come on.

Under your pseudonym of expats?

Yeah.

That was plug yourself clean.

Thanks so much to expats, a.k.a. Dr. John, the ghost of Dr.

John.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Many monocles.

Do you see monocles?

I thought you said molecules.

If you have two monocles, just get glass.

No, I'm dead.

I got no molecules.

I got several monocles and I'm many monocles.

Yeah.

Were we gonna say Lisa?

Or, sorry, Tierra.

Oh, I came back with a look at the hair.

Oh, you got the hair?

Yeah, I just want to show the hair.

Yeah.

You got the hair.

All right.

You can take a look at it.

Do you mind malignanting yourself?

Yeah.

Okay.

Okay, bye.

Okay, guys, let's stuff this hair back into Tierra's head.

No, that will fix the malignant.

I need the malignant.

Oh, no, we're still the malignant, but it'll just fix Tierra's brain problems.

Oh, all right.

I guess.

Tierra.

Yeah.

Are you ready to go back to being normal?

What's that?

Yes.

All right, stuffy.

We got a verbal guess.

Stop me.

Hey, guys.

Hey, Tierra.

Yeah.

That's your name.

Yeah.

Hi, this is Scott Augerman, a host of comedy.

I remember you.

Yeah, I'm a listener.

Oh, great.

Oh, I love listening.

You're currently on the show.

Oh, whoa.

This is Brock Love at The Treasure Hunt.

Yeah, I'm a big fan.

Oh, thank you.

Don't be frightened.

This is the ghost of Dr. John.

He's friendly.

Oh, get scared, but for you.

Wow, what an assorted bun.

Well, also, Shami.

I'm into the tune of the Popeye song.

Just so you know.

I know I wrote it.

And know about it.

I know about it.

How you knowin'?

Hey.

Shami's here.

Oh, hi.

Wow.

You're a listener, so you know Shami.

Yeah, I know everybody here.

It's me, Jack Quaid, back again.

Jack, you're back!

Yeah, hi.

Just like that movie, Jack's back.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm such a fan of Jensen Ackles' ass.

Can you tell that I said hi?

Yeah.

Wait a minute.

I mentioned a movie, Jack's back.

And Lisa didn't show up.

I don't know who you're talking about.

What?

Is her malignant gone?

Can you turn around for us?

I guess that seems crazy.

That looks so cool.

Yeah.

Let's check that out.

Thanks.

Wow.

I'm so grateful to all of you.

Oh my god.

Oh, this is bad for me.

Oh, Jack, Jack.

I'm a malignant.

Are you a lawyer for...

Yeah, everybody.

Still?

Yeah.

So you represent the Walt Disney Corporation and the people against the...

Yeah, kids, hops, astronauts, everywhere.

Oh, all right.

But General Lawyer?

Yeah.

General?

Absolutely.

Can you miss a stout fire, uh, uh, uh, a fry?

Put truth pies on my breast?

Yeah.

Sure.

Okay, great.

Is it, will that do?

Is it for me?

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Here you go.

Bye.

I'm not sure.
