---
layout: page
title: 764. Jon Daly, Dan Lippert, Ryan Gaul [62c25eb60122660012f6eafe].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Milk milk lemonade and in the back is the butthole.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to Gherkin thirst trap.

Gherkin thirst trap for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

July 4th edition special Independence Day here in the United States of America.

Never been so united.

We are celebrating this wonderful holiday.

What better way on a holiday Monday than...

What better way to...

What better way...

What better way to celebrate the independence of this great nation which seceded from the English, of course, some 200, over 200 years ago than by listening to an episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

And we have a great one for you today.

My name is Scott Ocarbin.

Let me make sure to remind you of that.

Coming up a little later, we have an actual super here.

Well, on a super holiday like today, that makes a lot of sense.

We also have a handyman.

All right.

But you know, we haven't had a lot of celebrities on the show recently, you know, mainly because of the pandemic and us transitioning from out in my backyard where celebrities would not go.

Now we're edging back into the studio.

But we finally were able to land one today.

You know his...

Gosh, his career ever since the early 80s on television, he started off on, of course, The Cheers Show, segued from that into his own show called Frasier.

And since then...

A couple of bit parts and movies.

I don't know, it's been a minute, but we'll talk to him about what he's up to.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, Kelsey Grammer. Hello. Hello.

Hello. Good to see you.

Great to see you. Great to meet you.

Yes, what an introduction. Thank you so much.

My pleasure.

You're obviously a legend in the television sphere.

I am, yes.

And you were in movies? I couldn't remember.

I've been in many, many movies after Cheers.

Which ones? Because I know there were like a bunch of Christian movies that you're in, but I can't remember like...

That brings me to 2023's new movie.

I play Chuck Smith in a movie called Jesus Revolution.

Okay.

And a Jesus Revolution is what I like to think is happening to America right now.

People are getting more into Jesus, Scott.

And I think it's really cool.

I think the studies have shown they're not.

But is that anything like Dance Dance Revolution?

Or is it some sort of video game?

It should be a video game made.

That would appeal to children a lot more than what it actually is, which is a bone dry psycho drama from rock-ribbed conservatives.

That will put any child to sleep in virtually no time.

Well, a lot of people need their children to fall asleep.

So this could serve dual purposes.

It would lead some to the Lord and lead some to Lord Morpheus.

Yes.

Some rock their children and some watch my rockin' performances in rockin' movies.

I feel like I saw you in a Christmas movie recently that my wife was watching and I passed through and I was like, oh, Kelsey Gramer's in this.

And I feel like you gave one of those.

Tell me what it was.

Which Christmas movie there are quite a few.

I, who was in it?

Gosh, I feel, oh man.

Name any other person in the movie.

Was it the one where Jesus is playing Santa Claus and comes down the chimney and makes it off?

And it's Jesus.

I don't think it was Jesus specific, but it was about people who are upset with their dad or something like that.

Oh, yes, well, I'm happy to be the heavy.

Giving one of those performances of like, I'll do this movie if I can sit in a chair for the entire time.

Yes, well, that is where I'm most comfortable and I do bring my own chair to set.

Do you really?

Yes, it's an Ian's.

Oh, it's an Ian's.

Oh, I was gonna ask if it was the, that wonderful recliner from The Frasier Show.

No, no, no, that's in the Smithsonian.

Oh, it is really right next to Faunte's jacket.

Yes, it was right next to Archie Bunker's chair.

It's in the chair, so.

Oh, it's in the chair, so what other chairs are in there?

Oh, we all have, because so many, you've got a bar stool from Cheers, the legendary show that I was led to the Ian.

One bar stool.

Was that the one Cliff was on?

I would've met her or nor.

No, it has to be nor.

Yes, and his ass cheeks are well imprinted.

Oh, really?

Okay, interesting.

And what other chairs do they have in that chair?

Yeah, let me think.

Archie Bunker.

You had the couch from Married with Children.

Of course.

Cosby Show, I would imagine that couch.

That's been taken out.

Oh, God.

Everything of what's happened to Biddle is just so unfortunate.

It's unfortunate that he did that.

What do you mean?

Or it's unfortunate.

Did what?

Had consensual sex with numerous women?

I've done that too.

Oh dear, okay.

We all had fun in the 90s.

I mean, this predated the 90s quite a bit as well.

But I don't want to get off on that necessarily.

I want to focus back on your career.

Yes.

What are you up to now, other than next year's Jesus Revolution movie?

I mean, we haven't seen you on our televisions.

There was supposedly a Frasier reboot happening.

Well, supposedly is a word that also could mean that it's happening.

Because that is the...

Are we breaking news here?

I have, yes, yes.

I have the announcement here, and I am allowed to say this previously.

I was not allowed, but now.

Really?

So now there is a Frasier reboot.

A Frasier reboot.

Yes, I Frasier.

I Frasier, is that what you said?

I, small letter I.

Frasier.

I Frasier.

Yes.

Like iPhone?

iPhone, yes.

iPad.

I Mac.

I don't know anymore.

I Frasier.

And it's Frasier with a little twist.

I live in Seattle with my brother Niles, of course.

Of course, and David Hyde-Piers is back.

He is back, yes, yes.

We got him.

It was hard to get him.

I can only imagine again.

OK, wow.

He's back in.

He's back for more.

It's very interesting because instead of taking call in advice, I have a podcast with my brother.

OK, well, I mean, podcasts are very big right now.

You have Obama and Springsteen's The Rest?

Yes, I wouldn't.

I don't know if you know this, but I am a cool conservative.

I have read something about that, yes.

Yes, I am the kind of guy that I didn't come out for Trump right away.

But after he was president, that's when I was up to.

I saw what he was really up to.

That's when I came out.

I'm just saying the podcast, I mentioned Obama's not to incite you or...

No, no, no.

But that's what's on your mind.

Well, that's, you know, other than Conan's Slate, those are the most popular podcasts in the world right now.

Right.

Obama and Springsteen's just sitting there talking.

Yes, sure they get into the dirt of their lives.

Sure, they really talk about interesting things that don't just gloss over things.

Yeah, it gets really deep.

Yeah, it's a really great one.

Yeah, no one ever edits those down of like, no, we can't keep that in, obviously.

You can't keep that in.

Yes, well, since I am, like I mentioned before, I ain't rock-ripped conservative, and my brother, O'Niles, is quite a...

Well, he's a bit of a snowflake.

Oh, he is.

He's one of the...

He's one of the lokes who will go broke.

We bring up cultural checkpoints, you might say, and we dissect them.

Okay.

Yes.

Interesting.

So this is on the show, you mean?

Yes, we film it, we film it, and we shoot it.

It's going to be a TV show on YouTube, and it's a legendary...

It's already legendary.

Okay, TV show will be the TV show of the podcast.

Oh, so you don't have the old setback in Seattle or...

Oh, no, it will be a farcical show.

Well, it's...

We're doing the podcast.

We're ourselves, and we're doing the podcast, and you see us, the foibles of us.

But there's...

But it's just set in the podcast studio, you never go back to the home.

I mean, I loved...

Frazier was mainly set in the home.

I mean, it was set in the beautiful apartment with Eddie...

Eddie the dog, yes, of course.

No, it is in our partner because it is a home studio.

Oh, okay, okay.

We've taken one of our closets and put in sound pedaling.

Did you hang up a lot of sweaters to sort of absorb the sound?

Yeah, yes, it's a mothball covered...

A little up.

Sorry, sometimes I have a brain fart.

Scrambled eggs in your brain.

Yes.

Tiantos Allen.

My brain is pure tus Allen.

Now, I wanted to talk to you, Scott.

Oh, so we're moving on.

Okay, yes, please.

Doing...

Well, no, we're not moving on because you are a podcaster.

I am a podcaster, yes.

I am a podcaster, and I was wondering...

On the show, you're a podcaster.

If we could, yes, if we could do something like you do with Adam Scott kind of thing.

Maybe I try to convince you to like...

I don't know, some group like the Kingston Trio.

Perhaps...

They already like the Kingston Trio.

You don't like them enough!

Perhaps you don't like them enough.

But if you already like them...

Yes.

Name a song by the Kingston Trio.

Um, hang on, Sloopy.

It's not by the Kingston Trio.

It's by the Rascals or something.

Give me one second to think back to me listing to Kingston.

Think back by scrolling down your phone.

Look, you clearly don't know the majesty of Hang Down Your Head Tom Dooley.

Hang down your head Tom Dooley.

Okay, I admit that I maybe don't know that one.

Exactly.

So, me and you, in the studio.

You are...

In your homestooths?

Possibly.

Or we can do it here at your wolf.

Or wherever.

Look, the thing is, I'm convincing you you are...

You want no part of it.

You don't like this conservative folk music from the 60s.

And I am here to say, you know, there are several good, especially live recordings of the Kingston Trio.

I...

That's a lot of qualifiers I have to say.

Well, a great group always has some good live performances because they're tight live and they're tight in the studio.

Okay.

Now, this would be a weekly podcast.

It's not a special thing like it is with...

Yeah.

I don't know.

I have a lot on my plate.

And when you have a lot on your plate, you know, it's hard to eat everything.

Well, you'd be working with Kelsey Grammer, a legend.

I am...

Yeah, you're a legend.

I don't know that I necessarily agree with anything you have to say in your personal life, but it's a pleasure to speak to you on this show about show business, but I don't know that I necessarily want to sit next to you and put out a dual joint thing.

I...

When we keep it music, we don't have to go into the nitty gritty of the politics.

It seems like it seems though you are almost unable not to talk about it.

Well, we would brought it up five times already.

You were talking about the dust up at the Capitol.

I would rather not.

We would not.

I would...

I in fact don't want to right now if that's okay.

It was just a little tourist dust.

Sometimes tourists get a little bit anxious and they have to express themselves.

Okay.

See, this is my fear is that we would be doing a podcast weekly.

That's the other thing.

We'd be doing a podcast weekly about the Kingston Trio, which I don't know if there's that much to cover regarding that.

Oh, there is.

Okay.

And then I...

60 stuff and then the 70s.

It goes for easier.

I'm forced to listen to live recordings of them, which I guess are tighter.

Well, yes.

In your opinion, I've never heard a live record be tighter.

Sometimes they have...

...recordic versions.

Okay.

They're not a steel drummer.

I just feel like you would not be able to suppress your political feelings all that much and I...

Well, why should I?

Exactly.

That's my problem with Spring Senior Obama.

You know they're not getting...

Obama's not telling you why Guantanamo was...

...didn't close on his watch.

Yeah.

His first promise to us?

Okay.

Yeah, true.

True.

I mean, that would have been my first question as Springsteen.

And I would say yes.

We need a secret prison.

Hey, Obama.

Why didn't Guantanamo close?

Oh boy.

Would he do that preacher voice that he does?

Why didn't all of it?

Well, that would be my first question to Obama.

Yeah, I'm sure it would.

And my first question to Bruce would just be to say, good job.

I don't get it.

It seems like people like it.

You're not a fan.

Not a fan of Bruce.

No, not his music.

Did you stop liking music at the Kingston Trio whenever they disbanded?

I'm presuming in the 70s from the information you've given me.

Oh, I was a fan of another band, a Canadian band.

Oh.

Bare naked ladies.

Nope.

That's okay.

They had a song called Look at this photograph with a ptymosseid that makes me laugh.

How did our eyes get so red?

What the hell was on Joey's head?

You know, I don't know that one.

I'm thinking where, what was on Joey's head that made the picture?

Joe, who's Joey?

What are we talking about?

Well, the friend of the person in the song.

Now, songs are sometimes spoken from.

Joey was one of the friends.

I mean, you...

Joey was one of the friends.

It was David Schwimmer, I believe.

And it was...

You were competing with them.

But I don't know if you ever felt an affinity for the friends or whether you felt like...

There was no competition, Scott, between Frasier and friends.

Frasier is Frasier, and it is a tight, farcical comedy with slamming doors.

Sure, a lot of slimy...

And that was one thing I didn't really like about it.

It's just all the slamming doors, like I'm trying to watch a funny show and you're just like, jacom, jacom, jacom, jacom.

All right, blush it.

What do you think of Molyare?

I saw one play of his when I was 18 and I haven't really thought much of him since.

Probably talk too.

Well, yawned, sipping.

I think it was the misinthro.

You've got to go deeper.

I'm hoping that Molyare...

Oh, the misinthro.

Yes, it was the misinthro.

Yeah, so yeah.

I don't know if you know this, but in the New Yorker article about Hollywood conservatives...

Boy, there's a lot of talking about it.

They're going to a gathering of Hollywood conservatives.

And I walked into that meeting and I looked around, got a little feel for the room and I took the fuck off because I don't hang out with losers.

Really?

Well, that's cool.

I'm a legend.

And of course, there are some nice people who are also legends, but I don't hang out with John Voight.

He seems like somebody... seems like a Confederate soldier.

Yeah, he's funny.

Children just got killed.

Funny in Henneconda, though.

He's funny.

He's good.

He's exciting.

Yeah, he's good.

He's good, right?

And Midnight Cowboy, I mean...

Undeniably good performance.

Yeah.

I'm not talking about acting.

It's just like the hang.

Yeah.

Well, that's good for you.

Yeah.

I mean, you're able to hang out with different types of people.

You seem unable to not talk about conservatism, but...

Well, this country is going in the direction.

Yes, see, this is whether it's the country...

I'm criticizing you as... wishing that you would not talk about it.

This country is leading you into actually talking about it.

Yes.

One direction, are you a fan of Harry Styles?

Harry Styles, look.

Everyone knows watermelon sugar is cool.

Okay?

Harry Styles.

Can you sing that at all?

Yes.

Watermelon sugar.

I...

Watermelon sugar.

Hi.

Watermelon sugar.

Hi.

Is that what he's saying?

Hi.

Watermelon sugar.

Hi.

Yes.

He's saying hello to the watermelon sugar.

I guess I'm gonna...

He's got a nice friend called Watermelon sugar.

Well, I...

What I had heard about a watermelon sugar is...

And there's no other more delicate way to say this, but it's about the taste of pussy.

Oh, good God.

So he's saying hello to that taste?

No, no.

I don't think it makes any sense.

It's about summer juices drinking.

That's what I'm saying.

And sugar with watermelon sugar.

See, you're getting it as you're saying it.

Yes, yes.

It's not a pussy metaphor.

Okay.

Yes, yes.

Well, look, Kelsey, this is, I mean, a lot of great stuff going on.

One Christian movie next year, and then what sounds like a horrible reboot of Frasier.

Yes.

The Jesus connection.

And then...

What's...

I-Frasier.

I-Frasier, yes.

And what connection does it have to the iPhone and the iMac or is it?

Does it just make it seem?

Well, it's a podcast.

Yeah, but I- I don't know if you remember this show that came about.

Zach Braff was starring in a show where he was a podcaster.

Yeah, I kind of do.

Same creators.

Oh, really?

You got those guys?

Yes.

The Frasier creators are sadly dead.

Oh, right.

Well, Christopher Lloyd and...

Who?

Christopher Lloyd?

Oh, no.

Isn't he one of them?

Yes.

Not for Back to the Future person.

Oh, yes.

No, I've seen Back to the Future.

No, but you've...

You worked with this guy, Christopher Lloyd.

He then went to Modern Family.

Yes.

He died in 9-11.

Okay.

I don't think Modern Family was...

He died in 9-11.

I'm so sorry.

I look.

All right.

Kelsey...

We can edit this out, right?

I know.

Unfortunately, our editing mission is just like...

Oh, wow.

Yeah.

Okay, well.

We used to be able to edit so many things, but now it's broken.

Well, I'm excited about our podcast.

Well, that's...

Are you talking...

Are you talking kitty-titty-titty-titty?

Ah, kitty-titty-t-s.

Yes.

I don't think so.

Look, Kelsey, it's wonderful to have you on.

I know when I put the call out to finally have a celebrity back on the show.

I mean, we've been having the worst A-blocks on the show recently with just insane people.

And I said, please land a celebrity.

The earwolf Booker said, well, we have Kelsey Grammer and I thought it would be okay.

We could just focus on the Frasier aspect of your career, but unfortunately, you've broadened the scope of this interview a little bit.

So this is huge for you.

I mean...

Oh, yeah.

Was it a 50-50?

Like, should I have much?

I have not have my...

Eventually was like, all right, let's do it.

It can't be not bad.

Great, great.

Yeah, well, good.

Yes, that sounds about right for me right now.

And maybe after I Frasier comes out, you will reconsider.

I'll reconsider how I felt about this one or...

No, the podcast about the Kingston trio.

We'll see.

And I Frasier comes out, I'll definitely give it a little peep and we'll see exactly how I want to proceed with that other show.

What about StingDong Delicious?

John Daly's new album.

Oh, well, you want to talk about that?

Well, John Daly's got a new album and I'm rocking out to it.

Oh, okay.

Maybe we should do the podcast about John Daly's music.

Ah, but sure.

I mean, John Daly's...

I can't believe you were talking...

JD?

John Daly, to me.

Yes.

We could talk about that.

I mean, he's a friend of mine.

We could talk about it.

You've been listening to this in between Kingston trio records?

Oh, yes.

It's great.

It's a great refresher after some deep, balanced- Palette cleanser.

...trio cuts.

And this is called, let's say, DingDong Delicious.

DingDong Delicious.

John Daly and it seems to be...

New vinyl record.

New vinyl, it seems to be about 16 tracks or so or 15?

17 tracks.

17.

17 full tracks.

All music.

All good, funny songs and then one dark, serious song.

A serious song?

One serious song.

You have to guess.

It's a game.

The whole album's a game.

Is it the first one?

You have to.

No, it's not the first one.

No, no, no.

The album is a game and if you win, then you get to listen to it again.

Oh, wow.

No.

And you can all talk to your friends and discuss it.

Well, that's fun.

So that's in stores right now and is it on Spotify as well or is it Justin's stores?

It's on title.

It's on Spotify.

It's in record stores.

There's a record store near you and it's a Northern Spy Records.

Okay.

The label that put it out.

It's our SkyBlue Vinyl, a beautiful piece, a beautiful slab as they say.

And it's a crucial slab that you need.

It's for any collection, John Daly, Dingedong Delicious.

Get it.

Good.

Well, that's very generous of you to talk about another artist work like this.

Not a small-life, yeah.

I mean...

We disagree politically, but...

Yeah.

And to be honest, I don't know whether.

He would appreciate you personally coming on and talking about his record because of the other things that you've said on the show, but I mean, it's very generous of you.

Here's what I have to say.

Wow, wow.

Sorry, bitch.

Okay.

All right.

Are you disappointed?

Oh, boo-hoo.

I just talked to millions of people about your record.

Millions of people are not listening to this.

Maybe you don't know the...

Maybe you don't know...

I hate to break it to you.

I don't know what your will told you.

You have a huge audience and I think you should upset them.

Maybe not millions, but it's quite large.

Okay.

So, John Daly, fuck you.

Okay.

Listen to your record, but also...

Fuck you.

Man, not friends.

Okay.

Well, good to know.

Kelsey, can you stick around?

I...

Oh, of course.

Great guess.

Coming up next, we have an actual superhero.

This is very exciting.

Then we have a handyman.

Yeah.

I mean, that's pretty par for the course for the show these days.

But, look, we're going to be right back.

We're going to have more Kelsey Grammar, more Comedy Bang Bang.

We'll be right back after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back.

We have Kelsey Grammar over here of the upcoming iFrazier reboot.

Is BB Newworth going to be out there?

I saw her on Broadway, or Off Broadway in Sarah Silverman's musical a few weeks ago.

Yes.

The Bedwetter, yes.

The Bedwetter.

She's great.

She goes to the Bedwetter.

Yes.

She reached out to her.

It's maybe lost in the shuffle.

But, yes, she hates me, personally.

Oh, okay.

But, I mean...

We'd love to have her on the show.

Is she allergic to money?

I mean, you know, I don't know how much she's saying.

Oh, she might be.

Oh, okay.

She might be allergic to money.

I'm sorry.

I don't mean to make light of her allergies.

Yes.

Well, we have to get to our next guest.

As I said, he is an actual superhero.

This is very exciting.

On July 4th, Independence Day show, we have...

He stood for Truth, Justice, and the American Way.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, The Real Superman.

Wow, Scott, me.

I'm so happy to be here.

Hello, Scott O'Kerban.

Hi.

Hello.

You just walked into the room here.

Yes.

It's...

Wow, I guess I've...

Maybe I haven't seen you without makeup on television before.

Oh, me no way.

Makeup, no way.

Scott, me.

I'm just, you know, a pandemic.

A pandemic eating.

Oh, well, just your skin is so pale.

Oh, yes.

A yellow sun, perhaps I have been avoiding.

Me, me, have been avoiding it.

Well it's great to meet you, Superman.

I mean, what is that necklace around your...

It's blocking the S.

Oh.

I can't see it from here.

Oh, me.

Whoops.

Me was at a red carpet last night and we kept me VIP pass.

Oh, what's it say?

Bizarro number one?

No, no.

Yeah, well, yes.

Me was at my enemies.

New Bizarro number one.

Oh.

Uh, uh...

Uh...

Go ahead and finish.

I mean, this is...

I'm really interested to hear how this sentence concludes.

Okay, well, finish me.

I'm going to bathroom in pants.

Go ahead and finish.

Oh, no, no, no.

Don't finish that.

Finish this.

Oh.

I met my enemy Bizarro's premiere of his new web series.

Oh, web series.

Interesting.

Yes, Bizarro number one.

But, uh, enough about Bizarro.

Me finally here.

So great to meet you, Superman.

Yes, yes.

Uh, I guess, uh, you know, when I...

I guess I've mainly only read about you in the comic books about your life.

Uh, I didn't realize you had such a kind of Slavic sounding accent.

Yes, well, you know me.

Uh, different super bands.

Red sun meat in that meat landed in Russia or USSR, so, you know, different versions.

In Russia, Superman lands on you.

Oh!

Yes, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, me favorite comedian.

Yacob Smirnoff, really?

You're a favorite comedian.

Oh, uh, and Yacob Smirnoff to you, Scott Ockermann.

Thank you, and many hamburgers as well to you.

Oh, and many hamburgers to you.

Thank you.

Yes.

What are you...

Uh, what are you...

Oh!

Yes!

What is Superman up to these days?

I mean, obviously it's a holiday, it's July 4th.

You get a...

Is July 4th a day, you can just kick your boots up and relax and just, you know, take the day off or is a holiday a stressful time for you?

You know, July 4th, me most worried about crime.

Because all the big bad scaries do crazy things on the big holidays.

Really?

Yes.

Like who?

Yes, let's see.

Uh, Lex Luthor.

Oh, he's one of the biggest.

Hey, yo, yes, and the baldest.

Uh, I, me just feel so excited to be in the presence of Hollywood greatness here.

Oh, thank you.

Also, Kelsey Grammers here.

Ha ha, Scott.

Hello, Superman.

How are you?

You got me, Scott.

Okay.

This is the kind of rapport we're going to have if we do our show together.

It's funny.

People enjoy it.

Oh, Scott, I catchphrase born before me very eyes.

Yes.

Ha ha, Scott.

Well, that one's going to stick.

If you're trying to get in on the cuts of a T-shirt.

Oh, on the proceeds.

I don't think I've.

Is first person, is it like introducing character to sitcom first person who calls out T-shirt gets paid every time?

It's 10% of it, I guess.

Wow.

Okay.

Well, me going to try for catchphrase today.

Okay, great.

Great.

Gold, baby.

Catchphrase like, are you gold?

No.

No, sorry.

No, please, not everything that we say.

Don't try to turn it into a T-shirt.

And a catchphrase is born before me very eyes.

Not everything we say.

Don't try to turn the T-shirt.

How about this?

Shut the fuck up, Superman.

Okay.

Hmm.

I me actually like that.

Okay.

Cool, cool.

Oh, wait.

Me don't like that.

Yes.

Me.

I'm Superman and me don't like that.

Superman.

You're saying me for your pronouns.

Yes.

Is that on your Twitter bio?

You mean mine?

Me mine.

I mean mine.

Yes.

Oh, Scott and Kelsey Graham are making no keep up the rules anymore.

What?

Ruse.

Yes.

Me and Biffle.

Can't keep up.

The...

What?

Ruse.

Don't forget punctuations.

What?

What is this ruse you're talking about?

Superman?

No, I'm Superman.

What?

Me and Bizarro.

Oh.

Superman nemesis.

Really?

Yes.

Oh, now, okay, now I'm seeing it.

Your chalk white skin, the medallion that says Bizarro number one on it.

Oh, yes.

It's a crazy dog over here.

Yeah.

So is that the dog that I read about in the comics or is that a different one?

Which comics?

Garfield?

Oh, wait, you have Odie over there?

Yes, this is me.

We best friend.

How did you land Odie?

You know Odie and Bizarro come?

We would have similar enemy in Garfield.

Oh, you're not a Garfield fan either?

No, Garfield is a prick.

That lasagna loving Tabby?

Yes, Tabby.

Oh, is that type of cat Garfield?

So is he not?

I'm not sure.

No, no, do they say it?

Oh, it's not Tabby.

Yes, it is.

Oh, thank you, Keelsey.

Yes.

Tabby.

Thank you, Keelsey, Graver.

A wealth of information we noticed.

Yes, of course.

I'm setting more and more.

Oh, I shouldn't ask for credit.

Well, now that me, you're keeping up Superman, the rules, you can hear me full real voice.

Okay.

Bizarro, aren't you, isn't your thing where you say the opposite of everything that you actually feel?

Wait.

Bizarro always says like, me hate this whenever he says me, he actually likes some.

Really?

Yeah.

We didn't know that.

That must be a myth about Bizarro.

Perhaps.

Yeah, something from the comic books.

Maybe become larger than life, you know, the story become bigger than the man.

Yeah.

But you know, even here I see you know impressed when you find out me Bizarro, you were so excited for Superman.

Yeah.

I did not get Bizarro on comedy bang bang for eight years.

I try.

You've been trying for eight years.

Yes.

Really.

Why not the first five?

Well, well, no, we were trying to get our comedy death rate the first five.

That was the first two.

Well, so there was a three year period where you just gave up.

Me time crazy in Bizarro world.

Every two years we have five years.

But valuable history lesson in comedy bang, bang history.

Yes, two years death, Ray.

How many hours on the radio 11, 11, bang bang?

Wow.

Happy the 11 year anniversary of bang bang.

What is that Scott Dockerman?

Who knows?

But thank you very much.

And then 10 years recently since the television show premiered.

Wow, really?

Yes.

Wow.

Can you believe that?

No appearances for Bizarro, even though he email funny characters.

He email.

What characters do you do?

Oh, well, me thinking, let's see, Bill Clinton.

Oh, OK, I'd like to hear a Bill Clinton.

Me know have sex, baby.

It's not even close.

I mean, pretty, pretty good and in my estimate.

Thank you.

I mean, I mean, I'm sex, baby.

Imagine Scott Dockerman you have Bizarro, Bill Clinton on it.

He say that.

And he says, baby, too.

Everybody.

You're Bill Clinton, not to say baby.

Sunglasses, saxophone.

Yeah.

That's a guy who say baby, don't you think?

Bill Clinton is a lot like if a California raisin became president.

Oh.

Yes, and went to Little St. James a lot.

What's Little St. James?

It's Jeffrey Epstein's island.

Oh, my gosh.

That's where I met Bill Clinton for this time.

No, don't even tell on air that bad.

No, but there were no California raisins there.

Oh, well.

OK, well, that's a mitigating factor you have to agree.

That's good to have on record the California raisins.

No one the secret list.

I would hate it if the California raisins were at Epstein Island.

But I did hear about Little St. James through the grapevine.

Honey, honey.

Honey.

Yes, honey, honey.

They say that in song.

Honey, honey.

The raisins?

Oh, OK.

Yes, yes, yes.

You're talking about the sugar sugar song?

Is that the?

Oh, no.

They say.

They say that the grapevine.

Honey, honey.

Oh, they do.

Yes.

OK.

But yes, sugar.

Da-da-da-da-da-da.

Oh, that's a great tune.

That's right, childhood.

What happening here, Little Ocherman trio, me think?

I don't know that I want to be associated with that.

The review.

Bizarro, Kelsey Grammer, and Scott Ocherman sing the hits of the grapefruits with other raisins.

OK, now you're trying to wedge in on me and Scott's thing.

Now I'm also worried that you would be unable to sing any of the songs without substituting me for I.

Me for I.

Like if you were to sing the song, I can't get no satisfaction.

How would you sing it?

OK, let me think for a second.

Let's see how some go.

How some?

I can.

Just a stick.

Cut to the chorus.

I'm not asking you to do that.

Exactly.

Middle part of the chorus.

The actual how does it.

Brancher.

I can't get no.

That is.

Me.

Me so confused.

Yes.

This is what I'm saying.

You started to you.

You do better with me so horny.

Oh, yeah, literally sing that.

Oh, me so horny.

We feel like some even problematic just to say lyrics now.

Well, maybe that's why I brought it up.

I'm trying to get canceled.

No one cares.

Kelsey, please.

Kelsey, no ears about your career anymore.

That is one of the press.

How about that be podcast?

Kelsey, grammar and bizarro tried to get Kelsey, grammar canceled every episode.

OK, this sounds good to me as long as I'm not part of it.

Produced by Scott Ockerman.

Silently produced silent partner.

Yeah, you could.

Be a deadly partner.

Good.

Yeah, wait till you see his notes.

Not so silent.

So it seems like the only things that when I read bizarro in the comics, the only things that are actually true to your life is he swaps me for I.

Yeah, yes, me do that.

Everything else seems to be different.

We hate Superman.

Oh, you do.

Me.

What do you mean Superman ever do to you?

Well, he get all the things that are actually true to your life is he swaps me for I.

Yeah, yes, me do that.

Everything else seems to be different.

We hate Superman.

Oh, you do.

Me.

Superman ever do to you?

Well, he get all the credit, but we both crazy motherfuckers.

In what way?

What are you talking about?

We both crazy motherfuckers.

I don't view Superman as a crazy motherfucker.

Oh, really?

He's out there saving lives.

He's out there.

You know, anytime a bridge breaks, he lies down on the track so that the train can roll right on top of him and so the track, the broken track.

He finds around the world to make it the other way.

And he changes history.

Well, me wonder then this.

How come Superman know do that when real bad things happen?

He do it when Lois Lane died.

Oh, yeah, then he changed history.

Because he's on the right side of history.

That's why.

So, I mean, I guess it's something that was very meaningful and impactful to him and worried you do it all the time.

I mean, the first of all, the strain and physical exertion that it would take would tire him out.

I think he would, you know, oh boo hoo.

Superman get a little tired to stop 9-11.

Come on, Scott Document.

Me tried to fly around world, but me reverse Superman and accidentally fly around Moon.

Oh no, what happened?

Did you, did you mean the moon landing never happened?

And it turned into a fake?

Well, no, in your reality, moon landing is real.

But in reality where I fly backwards, moon landing directed by brilliant visionary director Brian De Palma.

Oh, really?

Yes.

But yes, me and hate Superman all day.

So what are you going to do about it?

I mean, you hate him.

Do you just sit there stewing or do you have a psychiatrist you can talk to me go to psychiatrist.

Oh, good, good.

Me so tired of living in jealousy and rage.

Me need to fix that.

Me whole life defined me called bizarro Superman.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, I mean, your whole existence is based on a reflection of another person.

Yes.

And not even a person, a Kryptonian.

What about Mitzel click?

Couldn't you hang out with him?

Yeah.

You know, you OD, Mitzel, Blick.

Oh, what a trio, almost better than Scott Document.

You know, see grammar and bizarro making music.

But is it Mitzel, Spiplick?

Yes.

Well, I only know how to say it backwards.

And I'm keeping that in reserve in case he gets to.

Yeah, you don't want to deal with that.

I always thought it was Mitzel, Blick, but maybe I'm wrong.

And I don't carry.

Mitzel, Blick's something like that.

Mitzel, Blick's.

Yeah, it's Mr. Mitzel, Blick's.

Maybe you could hang out with him.

He's kind of bizarre.

Oh, he's from another dimension, another dimension.

Another dimension.

Yes.

We have fun, but he, you know, get down into nitty gritty, you know.

Oh, is that a requirement for you?

He's all surface.

Same here.

All surface.

Yes.

He's all press.

Yes.

He's always talking about him funny name, him appearing and disappearing funny.

But the things he's turning into jello, you know, like buildings that he's turning into rubber like as a prank.

Hilarious.

Don't get me wrong.

But sometimes you're done with the bits and you want to just talk to a guy about how you don't like being a reflection of Superman.

But if you think about it a certain way, just those bits are very frustrating to Superman.

Oh, yes, that's true.

He turns a building into jelly and.

And then Superman say, how I make sandwich with all this jelly.

Yes.

You got to turn one into peanut butter.

Yes.

It's a problem.

And then I need big, too big bread building.

Exactly.

Yeah.

That's funny.

Okay.

It's funny.

I mean, yeah, maybe me, I need to apologize to mix a blue blug.

Yeah, just relax and enjoy it.

Yeah, that's true.

But I like, I feel real me thinking.

This is too much for you to handle, Azaro.

I'm sorry.

We don't mean first logic.

Yeah, we don't mean to get this like the multiverse of madness.

And we, you know, we don't want to confuse you.

I'm sorry about that.

You're our guest.

Frasier in my guest.

I put myself on tape for that.

You did.

For multiverse.

Oh, really?

Which part?

Yes.

Ah, one of the wizards or something.

I didn't get it.

I didn't.

But you, you, they were considering you for Dr. Strange himself.

Oh, no.

That's better to come back.

But I did put myself on tape, unsolicited, and just trying to get into the marvel, the MC.

I mean, it's a cash cow right now.

Yes.

Why not?

Why shouldn't I?

So just some random wizard popping by and going, hey, I figured I could be a good, yeah, maybe a good wizard.

Hey, I'll help you.

Come here.

Yeah.

You know, here are some good conservative values.

Okay.

So you're unable to not.

We tried to get into acting business, maybe Kelsey Grammer have auditioned self tape tips.

Yeah.

Do you have some self tape tips?

I mean, like, what's the lighting?

How far away are you supposed to be?

Get yourself a ring light.

Get yourself a ring light, preferably one that you can adjust the tone of the light.

Give it a little bit more yellow here.

Maybe you.

You want to just shoot it on your phone and set it up.

It's kind of like doing a FaceTime.

Me kind of was hoping for acting tips.

These more kind of directorial tips for self.

You seem like someone who's just yourself, like when your movie is your you.

Yeah, me know really be able to go deep into character.

You know, me know, you know, me know.

The chameleon.

My crystal bar.

Oh, yeah.

Me know, stool bar.

No, no, no.

Or catch phrase, boy.

I don't think so.

Me, I don't think so.

Me, no stool bar.

We only play myself.

Wow.

I mean, really good song.

You should pitch that to Weird Al to pitch to do life group.

Okay.

Oh, yes.

For them to do.

Well, yeah, maybe I don't know.

Written by him.

They've got nothing going on.

Believe me, those two life group guys.

Yeah, he's down.

It was too busy.

They still writing mean letters to Tipper Gore.

Yes.

Well, emotionally.

Tipper Gore made them.

She did.

Don't want to hurt them without Tipper Gore.

Or Jesse Helms.

The best.

They should be sending.

Thank you note to that.

Yes.

Best publicity is negative publicity.

And a bottle of champagne.

Yeah.

And to Stanley Kubrick for making the movie that they took it from.

Yeah.

Oh, yes.

Your world that happened.

Oh, wait, you, you or Superman or who did that?

Me fly around world to change lyrics to me.

So horny to some taking different.

What was it originally?

What song quoted?

You're doing a lot of flying around the earth to make really simple.

Oh, in original universe, they say, let's see.

I mean, can't follow me on logic.

If we could take a second, you could pause the record and be thinking.

All right, we'll take one second.

All right.

All right, we'll be right back.

Okay.

And we're back.

And you, you, we took man, you took five hours.

Thank you for patience.

And you said I finally have something.

And delivery on me.

I got the Jersey mics that on me.

Yeah.

Oh, thank you so much.

Oh, wait, Mike's way or no?

Bizarro's way.

Oh, no, that's the opposite of Mike's way.

No, thanks.

I don't eat dog food.

Anyway, you wanted to hit us with.

Yes.

So me was talking about how me so horny taken from a full metal jacket.

Yes, but you had changed that.

But me fly around the world.

So what lyric is no longer me so horny.

By the way, you don't need to catch the listeners up because it was just an instant for them.

Oh, yes.

It's been five hours for us.

I know that we remember.

Yeah.

So in me fly around the world, the song me walking here.

Where is me walking here?

Oh, taken from a car hitting movie.

Oh, with John Voigt.

Oh boy.

Yes.

Your buddy says, oh, me walking here.

They're not my buddy.

You and John Voigt.

Oh, man.

You're not a friend.

Okay.

Thank you.

Not a friend.

Okay.

Not a friend.

Wait.

So it's a little heavy, a little bit of a heavy hang.

So the song was called me.

I'm walking here.

Yes.

And it was about someone who was walking in the middle of the street.

Well, now in that universe, me walking here what you say when you horny.

Oh, yes.

So they switched.

Yes.

What do you say when you're okay?

You say that when you're horny.

But someone hit you with a car?

Yeah.

Me so horny because they honky you.

Oh, this makes more sense.

Yes.

But you change that to where now it doesn't make any sense.

Right.

What does horny have to do with an wreck penis?

No, it didn't take no sense.

I'm honking here.

Yes.

Oh, really?

I'm honking here.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

This all makes sense, Bizarro.

Yes.

Okay.

Well, thank you for breaking me just had to thank and need a little.

Oh, it's okay.

Yeah.

Well, whenever the mics, Jersey mics gets here, what did you order for us, by the way?

Everybody favorite order from Jersey mics.

We do the Cali Club.

So me talking turkey.

Me talking.

That's not what anyone orders from Jersey mics.

What'd you get from Jersey mics?

Look at the numbers with the capicle.

Don't get anything.

Hit Jimmy John's.

What?

I go to Jimmy John's.

You got a Jimmy John's why?

Yeah, Jersey mics disgusts me.

And I've got a little thing with Jimmy John's I say, things that they give me money.

Free smells here.

I say that at Jimmy John's in all the time.

No, man.

Then have signs of Jimmy John's.

We consider my deal.

Free smells.

Kelsey Grammer say free smells here, baby.

All right.

Well, look, we're running out of time for this segment.

Does that surprise you?

Bizarro?

Um, let's see.

Time on bang bang slow for me because early lodge.

Wait, you could fly around the earth.

Yes, go back to the beginning of this interview.

Yeah, can you change any of this?

Um, or you already did.

This is the best version.

It's like the thirty.

The thirty of these.

Oh, man.

All right.

Well, we're going to take a break.

When we come back, Bizarro, can you stick around?

Me, me, me here, baby.

Yeah, me waiting for sandwiches.

We're hungry.

We'll also be right back with Kelsey Grammer and boy, we have a handyman.

Oh, God.

All right.

What is happening with our holiday episode?

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

How many bang bang were back Kelsey Grammer of the upcoming iFrazier reboot on YouTube?

Not a show, I guess, but something on YouTube coming out soon.

Also the Jesus revolution, not in theaters, I would imagine, or at least maybe they've rented out one.

We also have the we have Superman is here.

All right.

I'm sorry.

No, bizarre.

We're taking off the ruse, me being raw and real like Gerard Carmichael.

Oh, good.

Yes.

He's getting a lot of headlines for that.

Yes.

Me want to be authentic two for once.

Good.

Two for ones.

Oh.

Never.

You like that?

I don't know.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, we have to get to our next guest.

He's a handyman.

This is a he's never been on the show before.

Why would he be other than in this post pandemic world that we're in post backyard era.

Comedy Bang Bang, where you have handyman on the show.

How you doing Scott?

Hi, well, let me say your name before you.

Okay.

I don't know how this works.

Oh, okay.

You've never been on any kind of a podcast before?

No, I haven't been on a podcast before.

No.

Why would you be?

I mean, you're just a simple handyman.

Just a handyman.

How the fuck are you doing?

I don't appreciate that kind of language.

I'm sorry.

No, how are you doing?

I've had a rough day.

Excuse me if I get a little bit.

We'll talk about your rough day.

Let me say your name though, because people want to imagine you.

However you do, thanks.

Okay.

How I do it is I say your name and then you talk.

Well, let's do it that way.

Well, it's a little too late to do it that way.

Hit me with it.

I will say your name right now if that's okay.

Rocket.

And your name's not rocket.

I want to clarify that for the answer.

No, rocket's just a saying.

Not like Charles rocket, not like rocket rocket.

Push forward with the plan.

I will.

Okay.

And I'm going to go for it.

It's certainly the plan has changed because you jumped in way too early.

It's like a tax.

It certainly does.

I had to adapt.

Everything changes in life.

That's the number one.

That's the number one way.

Success happens.

That's how success is birthed.

If you're able to adapt and be flexible.

I've learned that.

Trust me.

I have four cats.

You have four cats?

I have four cats.

Four?

Why?

Four kids.

Oh, that makes more sense.

Cats.

What?

I have four cats.

Okay.

Look, let me just say your name and we'll get to how many cats or kids you have.

What do you mean with it?

Tobias Boothby is here.

Toby.

Call me Toby.

How do I know?

Then why write down Tobias?

That's my full name.

I don't know how these things are.

This isn't a court of law or the driver's license office.

I'm DMV.

But it's my God given name.

I don't care.

I don't either.

Honestly, I didn't even give a shit about my name.

For the longest time I used to give my parents so much shit about naming Tobias, I'd say.

It's a nice name.

It's a job.

Because it's, I mean, honestly, it's not the best name.

Think about how that Tobias.

It's not the best name.

Well, I mean.

Tobias Boothby.

Toby.

I'll take Toby.

Toby Booth.

Toby Boothby is harder to save than Tobias Boothby.

Yeah.

Toby Boothby.

That sounds much better.

Toby Boothby.

Can we get to the point?

Yeah, please.

What is your point?

What are you doing here?

I don't know why I have a handyman on the show.

How do you handle that?

I'm trying to push my business a little bit.

I've been a little bit slow.

I've been trying to get some business on and somebody gave me your number and said maybe it is.

Maybe I could, maybe I don't know what, honestly, it was on my recording machine when I got home one afternoon.

Someone left my number on your hand.

Yes.

And I was like, okay, great.

And it cut off right before they said who they were.

Oh, oh, weird.

Okay.

Well, whatever.

But you called anyway.

Wow.

What am I going to do?

I'm going to do it.

See if you win.

So I called, I called and they set me up.

They said, if you want to fly yourself up, you know, go for it.

I got to talk to our producer.

Try hot.

So we really need better guests on the show.

Anyway, I, Toby.

Yeah, Toby.

Sorry.

Toby or not Toby.

I have.

You ever hear that before?

Oh, well, the immortal bar is a play on the Immortal Bard's works.

No.

No, I have never heard that.

What you're talking about.

The collected works of William Shakespeare?

No, no, I dropped out of school.

Which grade?

Second grade.

That's too early.

No, no, I feel like I pushed hard and I, I rocked it at an early level.

So I'm doing fine.

I feel good.

Listen, I don't know your references sometimes.

Well, yeah.

Schooling isn't important.

If you can play a character who went to good schools.

That's, excuse me.

Who are you?

Kelsey Grammar.

You ever see the show?

I'm familiar.

Frasier or Cheers perhaps.

You ever see any of them?

I shot Cheers.

Yeah, I'm from Medford, Massachusetts.

Not Cheers.

That's about the.

Cheer.

No, no, no.

Oh, then I haven't seen.

Cheers.

Okay.

Cheer is about the cheerleaders.

You haven't seen one.

I watched it.

Cheers.

Cheers is about the alcoholics.

Oh, no.

Just slamming beers.

My grandfather was an alcoholic.

It was rough.

I'm so sorry.

Nah, it's all right.

It is?

He's a lot.

He's still an alcoholic.

He, he used to drink.

I think without exaggeration he would drink, I would say, 85 beers.

He would drink 85 beers.

How, a day?

What?

Yeah.

That's, that's impossible.

I don't think that's impossible.

No, it wasn't.

I'm very, listen, you don't have to believe me.

I'm not here to push my, the, the truths of my grandfather.

I'm here to push the, I'm a handyman.

I go into people's houses.

I, I help him out.

I can do anything.

And I'm really, I'm disappointed right now because I'm not getting my chance to get into people's houses and, and effects them up.

I can take wood and fix it.

I can push things around.

I can fit.

I would and fix it.

I can take wood and fix it.

Push things around.

Yeah.

What are we talking about?

I can put, I can own, I can babysat it.

You can own?

I can own your stuff.

If you need me to own it.

I can return.

This is one that old lady up the, Mrs. Ruth of it, add me return all the Amazon shit.

And I did that.

Okay.

And she hasn't paid me yet.

But I'm saying like, I'll do any.

You're a jack of all trades and I'm a real renaissance man.

Okay.

Say, so how do people hear about you?

First of all, I mean, I just show up.

I'm like the A team of handymans, but I like, like, when they ever find out about things.

How do, for a while they traveled with that journalist, right?

Amy, was she only on season one?

She was only on season one.

Yeah, for some reason, somebody was like, that's not working.

Let's get rid of her.

We're in a terrible situation to be in.

To be on a show where people were like, that's not working out.

I did.

And then he kicked off.

I think there was some producer who was like, yeah, let's go back to mostly white guys in one black guy.

I mean, you would know about this kind of thing.

Usually, like being on a show and then being fired.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Because you're not a performer, but that happened a lot.

I got to, listen, I just because I don't know about it, it doesn't mean I don't read variety.

I got a situation where I like directly a movie and there was someone who I was like, God, this is not working out.

You should have fired him.

Yeah, we were too far too far down the road.

Well, when you get, once you get invested, you got to stick with it, right?

Maybe they surprised you in there.

Okay.

By the end, I guess maybe.

I mean, 12 days, 12, 12 days.

That's it.

You 12 days in, they can't cut you out.

That's when you start acting like a king.

Is that the wrong?

Yes.

That's when you drink all you want.

12 days, there's no way.

There's no way that they can go back and reshoot all of that.

On a decent budget movie, yes.

12 days, there's no way that can bring it all in.

That worked.

And if it's not 12 days, you find out that number and that's when you start acting like a king.

Can I call it weekends?

No, no, shooting days.

Shooting days.

Well, you can shoot weekends.

I heard about that.

You can shoot weekends sometime.

Are you interested in show business?

No, I hate it.

You hate it.

I hate it.

Why do you think about it?

Same here.

No, I can't deal with it.

No, all these act is...

Do you hate the product or do you hate the game?

Every single aspect of it.

I'll watch TV, but only cheer.

You love that.

The documentary about the cheerleaders.

Well, I watch, yeah.

Because that's stuff we all should know.

Right.

Let's get back to the process.

You arrive at people's houses.

I will show up at a house.

I'll get a feeling.

You get an itch in your brain.

I need to go...

Yeah, sort of.

I guess like a little bit of an itch in my brain.

I'll show up at somebody's house and I'll be like, hey, you know what?

I'm here to help.

Let's see what we got to do.

Somebody else say, I don't really need anything.

I'll be like, yeah, I'll take care of that.

I'll go in and I'll look around.

Maybe I'll push around things.

Fix some wood.

Clean up the kids.

Wipe down the kids.

Clean up the kids.

Yeah.

I'll push things around and then I'll leave and give them a bill.

And sometimes they're angry about it.

But for the most part, I'm like, listen, the other one with the problem, I came and fixed it.

Let's work that I'm the handyman.

So you're like an unwanted handyman, in other words.

I'm not expected.

It's not like you're Santa Claus where people think like, oh, the 25th of December.

That's when Chris Kringle drops by.

It's funny, bring up Christmas because I will show up on Christmas to, I'll go house to house on Christmas and I will open all the presents I can get into any house and I'll push my way through a door and I'll fucking rip through.

I will fucking rip through presents like you wouldn't believe.

I'll get in those kids, little shitheads.

They get so pissed about it and they're so entitled and they're like, no, those are our presents and the parents are calling the fuck.

And you're doing this in front of everyone?

Yeah, I'll do it.

This is not before people wake up.

No, I wait till they wake up.

You're sitting there in the house and then I say everybody on the goddamn couch and I'll line them up on the couch and they'll think like, what the hell's going on?

And I will one by one rip.

I'll just shred those presents.

And then once I get them all open, the kids will be like, well, at least we have a toys.

He opened them, that sucks.

That's what they're thinking in the head as far as I know.

Oh, so they think they're not saying that.

They think that someone broke into their house to open their presents just for the act of opening them.

I think so.

They don't think you're going to take a scund with them.

No, no, no, no.

And I don't take them.

I'll just break everything and push it around into piles in separate piles.

And then on the way out, I'll go like, well, we get what we deserve.

And then I'll exit.

You have a question.

Me list.

Yeah, bizarre.

Me in me layer.

Even very silent.

You've been wrapped in attention.

I appreciate it.

Me looking at how far away Postmate is.

Me following Postmate.

What's going on with it?

Because you ordered it four hours ago.

How does it go?

Me go get that for you.

Me accidentally put in opposite bizarro address.

Postmate.

Oh, no.

Did he go to the other end of the earth?

Yes.

Postmate.

Postmate another end of earth.

Me do that.

We're never going to get it.

You need me to go get it?

No, me just order again.

This guy's fucked.

Me, me, I have in me layer.

Bumping me head on me kitchen all day long.

Me curious about perhaps.

What are you bumping your head on?

Me kitchen cabinet.

Me kitchen too small.

You're bending down a grab like cereal or something?

Yes.

I will come in to your apartment and I will fix your cabinets.

I have no problem doing that.

I don't know what.

I'm going to have to take a lay of the land.

I'll have to come in to push that for a round.

Is that what you want Bizarro for him to fix them?

Maybe fix me need more space perhaps.

You are a huge man.

Yes, kitchen don't know you.

Then me thought me moving to there and then me get a little more successful and get a bigger place but me fucked by housing market right now.

Do you need a realtor or you need what?

Well, he's trying to make best of me current space.

Okay.

So you need me would be happier if guest was realtor but that no situation.

You're not a realtor in your spare time.

Hello.

Are you?

I mean, my handy man, of course I can sell you anything you want.

You want to buy a place?

Yeah.

I can find you something.

No problem.

I can I got a look at a date that I can come by.

Maybe we can have a meeting and learn about each other.

Yeah.

Yeah, we could have a double date.

You can wear someone?

Yeah, I have Susan, my wife.

She's a big girl.

Big girl.

What do you mean by that?

Like she all grown up now.

She's all tipbeat.

What do you mean?

She's a big girl.

She's not worried about a diet or anything.

She's a big girl.

I like that about her.

You like to give a show.

You love your curvy wife.

She's a big box of woman.

Okay.

You want me to describe her to you?

That's thick.

I love it, Dick.

I love it.

Thick slab.

She's honestly she's she's got to be.

She hasn't been out of bed in 12, 13 years.

Really?

What's she?

I know and I love it.

It turns me on.

I don't know why it turns me on.

I mean, you know, that's where people have sex.

So I mean, it's.

Well, we don't have.

The connection is there.

A connection is made.

Yes, yes.

That played at the closing of a freezer.

That was the last song I danced to with the last rap out.

I love that.

Honestly, I don't know that song.

I don't listen to a ton of music.

Who's your favorite band of all time?

Favorite band of all time?

Yeah, that's the thing.

The question I asked.

Out of all the bands of all time, my number one.

Number one, yeah.

Favorite.

Yeah, that's what favorite means.

You allowed to be find out you allowed to take long break to decide on answer.

Yeah, we take a five.

You need a five hour break.

I wouldn't mind a break just so I can figure it out.

Okay, maybe the Postmates will get here by the way.

Okay, we're going to take a break.

All right, we'll be right back.

Okay, and we're back.

I got it.

That was eight hours.

The Jersey Mike's is still not here.

I'm starving.

Me too.

Me.

I'm thinking maybe just order a Zaw.

I hated my house.

I'm fine.

Oh.

But that was over 14 hours ago.

Yes, I eat once a day.

Oh, really?

Yes.

In the morning?

Yes, I eat one meal and one meal.

It makes you say to say yes.

Say it, yes.

Chuck me.

Ask grammar.

That's another podcast.

Oh, I'm sorry.

We got the answer that we've been waiting for.

Chuck Mangeon.

Chuck Mangeon is my favorite band band.

Okay.

He's my favorite band.

Well, he was a band leader.

Yeah, but he played all the horns.

He played one horn.

He could play several horns.

He could, but he didn't.

No, he could play a bunch of horns.

All right, well, Chuck Mangeon is the one point of interest that I agree with this scruffy robe.

Hey, seventh.

Seventh, yes.

Good for you.

Nothing's permanent.

I tell Susan that all the time.

Why?

She's lucky to have me.

Oh, yeah.

I mean, it sounds like she is actually.

She hasn't gotten out of bed for or she's very unlucky.

No, I mean, that's what's causing her to have me because she'd be she'd absolutely be good for each other.

We'll just say that.

No, I'm not going to just say that.

Why would you put those words in my mouth?

I don't want to put anything in your mouth, let alone words, but I mean, what would you get offended?

He's saying that and you just told me you don't want to put anything in my mouth.

Your mouth of mine.

That's I mean, that's a little pervy too.

This whole atmosphere is getting a little weird.

I beg your pardon.

Any complaints about bizarre over here or?

No, I'm bizarre.

I'm going to I looked on the calendar.

I can come over and meet with you and we can discuss things.

I have Christmas open.

Oh, me and no plans for Christmas.

Me celebrate Christmas on March 25th.

On Easter.

On the death of Jesus Christ.

Very good.

Yes.

Deal.

First time around me said Easter right away, but me flew back around Earth to give scot that.

You're so generous.

Thank you so much.

Perfect.

I'll be there.

I'll be there with this guy.

Say we can fix a cabinet so we can look around your house, push some stuff around, see what's going on.

How does that sound to you, Bizarro?

If you.

Oh, me excited to get to chop it up with somebody did on December 25th, usually December 25th.

You can only chop it up with, you know, Jews.

So you don't seem like Jewish.

By the way, you're Jewish.

So you can say this, right?

Oh, yes.

I converted for the jokes.

Wait, does that mean you are Jewish or you are not Jewish because you're saying you're Jewish?

Oh, yes.

Back to reverse logic.

That's a part of Bizarro lore.

He didn't seem to remember coming in here.

So all bets are off at this point.

Well, me.

I think the only thing he knew about was the me.

I think a question on identity is do Bizarro know when he talk, will he be me that he am saying opposite or in his mind, he is a truth in his mind.

He's saying truth and it's always the opposite.

Yes.

Me wonder about me.

Why are you saying he?

Well, you've caught me.

It's actually me Superman.

What?

Holy shit.

A double bruise.

Oh my God.

I did the podcast today to ruin Bizarro's reputation.

What?

This is unprecedented on a holiday?

I know.

Why am I spending my July 4th being this petty?

Because I'm a bitch.

Scott Ockermann.

What?

Yes.

Superman's a bitch.

Yeah, you're always one of my heroes.

Oh, well, and likewise.

That's a fucking.

But Bizarro is a better guest.

Huge bulge.

Oh, well, let's see.

You haven't heard my Bill Clinton yet.

Okay, well, let's judge your Bill Clinton next to Bizarro's.

Okay, let's see.

Here we go.

This is Superman and this is Bill Clinton.

But let's just say he's ordering something a little unusual.

Okay, the premise.

If the premise gets a laugh, I've actually been told this is not what you should do for a character audition.

The premise shouldn't be the biggest laugh.

But you know, here we go.

All right.

Okay, this is Superman and he's ordering something a little unusual.

No, wait, I'm Superman.

Let me fly around the ocean.

Okay, here we go.

Oh, Clinton.

Okay, this is Bill Clinton ordering something a little unusual.

Okay, okay.

Oh, have the Monica.

Oh, good.

Oh, geez.

Good.

Thanks.

I've got a Bill Clinton impression.

Okay.

Here we go.

Hey, you might want to clean off your blue dress.

I'm going to spill something on it.

If you're taking notes from Superman, I would have loved some sort of intro to know who you were talking to and what was unusual about this.

Okay.

I think it's pretty well known.

I got a Bill Clinton impression as well.

Okay.

Yeah.

If I can do it real quick.

Yeah.

Hey.

Okay, this is Bill Clinton ordering something crazy.

Hi.

How much extra for the latch for?

I'm going to try.

Okay.

Remember Bill Clinton famously liked to big McDonald's.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

Can I try?

This is Bill Clinton at a fast food restaurant ordering something a little unusual.

I'll have the number three.

Hold the cigars.

What do you think?

Well, that was legitimately good.

I just like it.

Actually, right.

You want to follow in the game there for a second.

I kind of got off track and you did a good one.

Sorry.

I have to expect that.

I apologize.

I couldn't resist.

It was right there.

Yes.

You got it.

Well, look, Toby.

Yeah, we're just getting sad.

No, this is a surprise you didn't realize we're wrapping up.

Oh, Jesus.

All right.

I'm going to get this a lot.

I don't know that we have a full grasp on what it is you do, but...

Hey, oh, I meant to ask you.

Yeah, please.

I listened to one of your episodes in a man just to figure out and said, yeah, a broken toilet.

Exactly.

Yeah.

And I'd love to have him.

I don't know if it's broken.

I just know that there's a sign next to it saying, don't flush any toilet paper.

No, that's normal.

Oh, it's normal.

Yeah.

So have you ever taken a crap here and what do you do?

No, no.

No.

But sometimes you can't control it.

Hey, it's time.

What do people do?

There's no way that somebody here hasn't taken a dump.

I guess so, but I certainly not even carry it.

The shaggy defense, it was not me.

When you go in that bathroom and people circling the...

I assume that people...

That's what you're miming right now.

Running around the bathroom.

Running around.

It's crazy.

Isn't there like a trash can?

Is it full of like shitty things?

I would assume so.

Or they just expect you to...

I love that.

You love it.

I think that's the way it should be.

Okay.

It would be less less things to clean up.

All right.

Good.

Yeah.

Bazar?

Superman, actually.

Oh, that's fine.

The man who's traveled the world that's not incredibly unusual for other countries who don't have as good of in Paris or in Italian or Greece.

Usually they have a bidet at least next to it.

Oh, yes, yes.

In America, you just have to hope the sink has enough power.

That's what Superman does.

Well, Superman, when you fly around the earth, I would imagine the shick crumbles just kind of fly off your butt.

It's a huge issue.

You must clean butt before you fly around the earth of your Superman.

All right.

Well, look, guys, we are running out of time.

And we only have time for one final feature.

I hope that's okay.

And it is, of course, a little something called plugs.

We're here to open up the plug bag and see what you're selling.

Maybe it's a book or a show or maybe you just gel it.

Please don't ever close the plug bag.

Keep it open for all eternity.

If you close the plug bag, someone will come to your house and open it back.

Oh, okay.

That was Keep It Open by Molsha.

Molsha.

Thank you so much to Molsha.

And what do we want to plug?

Kelsey Grammer, aka Frasier Crane, to be more specific is here.

Do you want to plug anything earlier you were talking about?

I want to.

I'm John Daly and I am going to plug.

Oh, no, this is album.

This is even worse than the Superman reveal.

This is, you're not actual Kelsey Grammer?

Really bad.

Why are you still talking like that, man?

I am John Daly.

I know I'm plugging my album.

Please buy it on vinyl, Ding Dong Delicious.

It's a very stupid, funny album and thank you so much, Scott, for having me on.

Of course.

All right.

And Superman, aka Bizarro, aka Clark Kent.

Oh, maybe I shouldn't have said that.

Oh, shoot.

I don't have any to blow up your spine.

Fuck.

Oh, fuck.

Oh, no.

Oh, shit.

This has never happened before.

I'm so sorry.

Oh, Lois is fucked if bad guys find out about this.

Oh, no, I'm getting a text alert on my phone.

Lois Lane is dead.

Oh, I got to go fly around the Earth again.

Oh, that's it.

Brains will go right back in our scope.

I just got to go really quick.

Do you have somewhere I could just get the poop out of my butt before I fly around the Earth out of respect for everybody ever?

Sorry, everyone.

Do you want to plug anything?

Yes, of course I do.

Let's see.

The Daily Planet is always doing hard hitting news.

You work there.

What's that?

You work there.

Well, that's what people do.

People ever plug somebody.

You're not deserving of those Pulitzer prizes either.

Oh, really?

Because people knew you were Superman just writing these things.

I know.

Yeah, I guess that is a bit of a hoax.

It's like the Valerie Playm Affair.

Yeah.

I guess I'll plug Big Grande website.com.

It's a place where you can get all things from the comedy group Big Grande, including four episodes of a live improvised show done all in full wardrobe, makeup, hair, and on real sets.

I think those were sent to me.

Yes, perhaps over the electronic mail.

Yeah, and did I watch them?

You're a busy guy, Scott Ockerman.

Before every episode of the podcast, I watch every episode of comedy, bang, bang.

Yes.

Yeah, that's where I'll leave the plugs.

Okay, great.

And then Toby Boothby.

Toby Boothby.

You said, okay.

Do you want cats or kids, by the way?

Cats.

I still don't know.

Okay, go ahead.

I just want to let you know, don't worry about looking me up.

I'll find you.

If there's a, if you have a problem in your house, I will find you and I will, I will bodge my way in and fix it.

And then I guess Chuck Me and Gione late July at the melody tent on Cape Cod.

Check it out.

Okay, great.

I want to plug, hey, we're going out on tour.

We're doing the comedy bang, bang tour.

In one month from now, actually in literally four weeks, we are starting the tour all of August.

Gonna hit everywhere in the United States and parts of Canada.

And Paul of Tomkins and I are, and various special guests.

We've been setting the special guests over the, for all the episodes.

I think you're going to be enjoying them.

So head over to CBBWorld.com slash tour and you can buy tickets.

Some shows are very close to being sold out.

So make sure you get over there as soon as you can.

And while you're over there at CBBWorld.com, go ahead and check out any of our other shows.

The full archives of this show as well as ad free episodes.

And we also have CBB Presents over there and Scott hasn't seen so much stuff.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Scott.

Take one hand, put it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're gonna make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But don't close it too much or you won't end up now.

You're gonna make a box.

And you're gonna make a box.

Take the other, put it down.

Oh, wow, that was sparkle plug by actually Simpson.

Wow, thank you so much, actually Simpson.

And guys, I want to thank you so much.

John Daly, I wish he hadn't come here under pretending to be Frazier Crane himself.

Just to sell the record.

Yes.

And then Superman, I wish you hadn't come here first pretending to be yourself and then pretending to be Bizarro.

I feel like an idiot.

I'm disappointed.

But at least Toby Boothby, you're who you say you are, right?

I am who I am.

And I'll never, I never, I'm gonna regret it.

Ava.

Three cats.

Wait, you're not Toby Boothby.

Now that I'm getting a good look at you.

What do you think I am?

You're Bill Clinton.

This is real.

This is real embarrassing.

Were you here just to hear us do impressions of you earlier?

I gotta tell you, I was just, I'm a little bit bored.

I came by and I was over at the McDonald's next door.

Was that a Denny's?

I don't know.

But I did, I will say I did not have sex with her.

Perfect Bill Clinton.

Alright, we'll see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

You I'm going to go back to the next one.
