---
layout: page
title: 765. Adam Pally, Jon Gabrus, Ben Rodgers, Lisa Gilroy [62cb362e188c0c0011a0a2b0].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Rub my butt, give me three wishes.

I wish my butt had three more kisses.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, okay.

Thank you to Santa Love's Coke.

Okay, Santa Love's Coke for that catchphrase submission.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another edition.

And a little early for Santa, I have to say, because we are deep in July at this point.

Of course, we all know we are not yet at hump week of July, but that'll come soon.

But welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week.

I wonder if our guest is laughing at how little I have to talk about.

When you end up doing banking so many episodes before you go on tour, you really are plumbing the depths of your brain to find anything to talk about.

And speaking of plumbing the depths, let's talk about our guests coming up.

A little bit later, we have an activist.

We also have a photographer, so that's very interesting.

And we also have a celebrity litigant.

So that'll be coming up a little later.

But before we get to them, we got to get to our guests of honor, our A-block guests here.

They are celebrities.

I haven't had a lot of celebrities on the show recently.

We had a Kelsey Grammer last week.

He was great enough to drop by.

But other than that, celebrities have been avoiding this show like a plague, or the plague even.

Yeah, I mean, or like there is a plague.

Yes, yeah, I guess that is what was happening because I was doing it in the backyard.

No one would come there.

But they are truly celebrities now.

And when I say that, I mean modern celebrities, which means they have a something on like a 50 revenue stream.

Yeah, between $100 and $1,000.

50 year streaming services.

We participate in the gig economy.

But they have a new television show that's coming up Thursday.

And I know you've seen the trailers for it.

I know you're all excited for it.

Fans of this show love to see these people on their television screens.

But we have 101 places to party before you die on true TV this Thursday.

Oh my gosh, a seed from a salad.

I just hate disgusting.

Thank God.

Please can I eat more seeds from those blueberries?

Seeds are got your blueberries.

My dear man, blueberries in a salad.

Not blueberries.

Sorry, blackberries, blackberries seeds.

Even weirder.

You think a bla- you know what I'm like, babe?

From a blackberry.

How sweet is the juice on one of those?

Well, the darker.

Oh God.

What's happening here?

Jesus Christ.

Please welcome Adam, pally, and John Gabris.

Hey guys.

Welcome to the show.

This is so great.

This is exciting to me.

I've heard a lot about you, John.

I've heard my name is said a lot in here.

And I'm just so excited to finally be of the caliber to be invited on.

This is what I know about you.

You're a Long Island comedian.

Correct.

That's it.

Yeah. And that's honestly even kind of a lot.

Generous.

I think I'm more of like a Long Island comedic personality.

I think the last time Adam was on the show, I mentioned you were a Long Island comedian.

He said that he thought I said Long Island Medium.

Which, what did you say?

He's a Long Island extra large.

Yeah.

I'm a Long Island double X.

Double X.

Long Island Medium is what I call my name.

Where do you do your joke better for you?

You said he's a Long Island Medium, which means a double XL.

Oh, okay.

Thanks. I've, that you really nailed it.

Man, Blackberry Seeds can do one.

People love that joke and I'm setting you up to just slay again.

God, sorry.

The other Reddit is really going to be honest.

Adam, you're early for Santa.

You seem as high as I've ever seen you.

Is that is true?

Ridiculously false.

First of all, you're wearing an Albin Brothers Tidy.

It's the outfit that's making me say.

It's your eyes as well.

My eyes?

He's naturally glassy.

He's glassy. I'm gassy.

That's kind of okay.

That's our morning radio show.

All right.

But you're gassy in the morning.

You did walk in with that t-shirt and I looked at it.

I was like, what does that say?

It says Albin Brothers.

I thought it said Alan coming.

You thought it said the Alan coming is bad.

Which, I don't want to see that.

Yeah, of course.

I want to see that.

Who plays this Nightcrawler?

Playing in Berlin.

Pretty good.

He was the MC.

That's actually not abundant.

Interesting.

He's Scottish, isn't he?

I think he is.

He may as well be.

For as much as we know about him.

Guys, let's talk about 101 places to party before you die.

Now it's not 101 places to die because that's what we call the Freeway out here in Los Angeles.

We don't call it the 101 Freeway.

We call it the 101.

I wouldn't know that.

I'm a Long Island comedian.

Oh, that's right.

You have a southern state, northern state.

We have Metabrook Parkway, Wonta Parkway.

We have a train station.

Train line.

You're going that subway?

I never rode the Long Island Railroad, so I don't know any of the stops.

No, no, no, no.

Okay.

I drive everywhere.

I'm a Long Islander.

Okay.

I'm driven.

So that's very similar.

Yeah, yeah.

I think you could do any either or to answer your original question.

I think it could be 101 places to party before you die, or I think if you're describing it, it's like you watch 101 places.

You were so live.

But you don't.

I am not.

I take super.

I'm like a little high.

No.

You were getting good.

This is exactly the stages of the night.

I didn't do the thing.

So what if I did the thing?

Okay, I did a little bit of the thing.

But I mean, it's not.

It's your recipe.

You can tell Scott doesn't smoke a lot of weed because one of the things you don't want to do to someone who smokes weed is when you invite them on your show go, Hey, are you.

Hey, that's a good thing.

Hey, pull over.

Jesus Christ.

Why are you shouting?

I'm high because I'm here.

Shining a flashlight.

Yeah.

I'm on a, I feel like a spiritual high being here.

This is like where a lot of comedy podcasts are made.

That's fucking awesome.

No, it's crazy.

Yeah, I know you.

We've never run into each other in our small circles of comedy.

No, no.

And I was at the Shark Tail premiere trying to meet you and it just didn't work out for me.

Well, my father was there too disappointed in my career to really.

We actually have a lot of people at bay.

I think you and I might connect.

It's difficult to explain to your father like what you do.

Well, I thought that the Shark Tail movie would be the time where it was kind of like, Hey, here's something you're not ashamed of.

And instead it was just like, well, that wasn't very good.

Was it?

Wow.

Yeah.

He's more of a fish guy.

And then did you just start immediately going, well, I didn't have much to do with it.

Yeah.

I totally came on the last 365 days.

Yeah.

It's like not really my thing.

It's a three year process.

Well, yeah, it wasn't very good.

Dad first for drafts were already written by the time I got there.

See, I lucked out my dad is dead.

So he's not going to check this show out.

Oh, because he would be let down.

So it's better this way.

Oh, it's silver sun pickup situation here.

Oh, not familiar.

Trick to you into talking about your dead dad.

Tough mid-arts alternative rock.

Well, they were on the show right before the pandemic.

It was a question I asked the lead singer.

Was your dad alive?

It had just happened.

First of all, tough question to get in there with people.

Well, no, it wasn't the worst example of that question.

Hey, big fan or music.

Who hears dad is alive?

He loves hearing about himself.

He'll be thrilled that we're mentioning.

Oh, awesome.

Tell him that I hope he has true TV, I hope he has cable.

I bet he does.

He's a huge comedy fan.

Oh, OK.

So I love jokes.

I bet he listened to Raised by TV.

Excellent.

So he's a big fan of me.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's right.

Oh, I have been here.

I have met you before.

Really?

Were you not a guest on Raised by TV?

Oh, that's right.

You're just blowing up the bathroom all the time here.

That's right.

That did be genius.

Yeah, we met before.

You looked familiar because you looked like, I thought you were better at first because you're like, oh, thank you so much.

Oh, very funny.

He ran over my dog.

He was tall and very, very funny.

So, but, OK, so now we got to talk about the show because I'm so excited for it.

In our personal lives, you've been telling me about it for a while.

And it's finally coming out.

I mean, the fans are excited.

This is a travel show.

At first, I think, Gavriss, you kind of mentioned it was like, oh, yeah, I'm doing this travel show.

And that's all I knew about it for a while.

What is it?

Why is it?

How is it?

Where is it?

When is it?

The reporter's questions.

A lot of those we can't answer.

It starts on Thursday.

And it's a travel show.

It's a comedic travel show kind of based on stuff like the trip or action bronzing.

Fuck that, delicious.

So it's more dane, but with a funnier ending.

Hopefully.

Of life.

Maybe the same exact ending.

Probably, I mean, depending on the length of the window.

Well, we'll see what happens in season two.

Shades, I don't know how long they'll be because I'm shorter than Gavriss.

But I live, you joke.

And I joke.

Because you can stand like, I thought we agreed to do this in the same.

I got a suite.

I don't appreciate this kind of humor.

We'll go ahead.

Goodbye.

Well, then I don't think you should tune in.

Just shut your DVR and let it play.

We did have to set a moratorium on making bordane jokes.

Yeah, we were asked.

We were like several things at the end of.

Less dane.

There was like way less dead bordane jokes.

Like that he's dead.

They're like all of it.

Just stop.

Like, yeah.

Why?

You can bring his.

Well, here's the thing.

Keep his name out of your fucking mouth.

As well as mythic.

Oh, please.

Eric Repaire slapped me in the face.

At the James Beard Awards.

Why were we hosting?

I think shouldn't have had us.

We got the thing is we're eating at two restaurants a day, drinking at several bars, doing activities, all half to three quarters in the bag.

And we're just supposed to talk in all these places.

And they're like eventually like, okay, you guys have been talking too much about bordane, too much about January six.

Too bad about.

Jandy Sematism in America.

It's like there were certain markers.

It's like, they're like, we're not going to put any of this in the show.

That's not lead with asking every waiter if they're vax.

That's not.

So there's certain stuff we had to turn out.

We just tried to like.

So the cameras follow you around while you go to these places and you guys just kind of crack jokes and hang out.

And you see scenes and we're barely informed on food and alcohol and all that stuff.

But we're consuming it at an insane rate.

And if we have friends that come on the show and then family, and then they kind of have to keep up.

I guess I'm not in either category.

Interesting.

Yeah, no.

Great.

No, no, no.

We didn't have any Hollywood acquaintances.

I understand.

We didn't have a lot of network pals.

Yeah, it's like friends and family.

We don't have any.

You don't mean someone on a network with me.

No, it was like someone you are pal with.

Yeah, I understand.

There wasn't a lot of people that we invited that could like do stuff for us or we could like help them.

Yeah, I got it.

I got it.

Friends and family.

So like a guy who's had people like you on his show, you wouldn't return the favor in that case.

Not in this one.

Okay, got it.

No, because it was friends and family.

Got it, got it, got it, got it.

So you would have to fall into those two categories.

It's always interesting.

When you have a show and you put a lot of people on it and they all get projects, see, see, is that a one-place thing?

Oh, you think my projects came from my appearances here?

I do.

To be frank.

I do think my pro character.

I mean, the TV show.

I do think the bro character really rocked me up.

Come on, you're a couch guest.

I was a couch guest.

You know what?

That was amazing that I was a couch guest and was that the same season?

What?

Because I think I shot them when I'm on the TV show.

No, I know.

Yeah, you haven't given me any more information.

Am I so hot?

I'm so hot.

I got to do a character and myself, which was super cool.

Yeah, I feel like it was different seasons.

But I also know when you were a couch guest, you were in the middle of a pre-production on a project that ended up not happening.

Happening and so cute.

I looked so crazy.

I know exactly.

But you were a director.

I looked insane.

Yeah, you got super long, not super long hair.

And it was dyed jet black.

Jet black.

Long mutton shops.

And I was like 60 pounds happy.

Yeah.

And you were like, man, I'm so excited about this movie I'm about to do.

It's like, I've never done that part two weeks.

My high-looking, I've never took off.

Starting two weeks, I've done all the work.

It's nobody.

But yeah, so you guys go around the, and it's you go to different cities and each episode is a city or what?

Each episode is about 72 hours a weekend in a city, which is predicated on like, that's the only real party time you have once you're a dad of three or a guy who has a dog.

And so you arrive on a Friday and is it a quest to find the best places to party in this place?

Or you're given the places that you go to and you just experience it?

It's kind of a question.

It's a great question.

And it's kind of like the question is just to like have as much fun.

Like do, have as much fun as possible.

So if something starts to like feel slow, you see us actually go like, let's get out of here.

Right.

Do you ever go off the script then and just go like, hey, let's go run down this hill.

Yes, but it's hard with like shooting permits and stuff.

Like we still are a big production.

So but there are times when like we'll be.

Yeah, we were supposed to do this big nerf battle and we're like a local nerf club in Atlanta.

Oh, that sounds so fun.

And the second they say, yeah, no, it's a nightmare.

It was exactly.

You would imagine that the people who do it are pretty cool and take it real seriously.

And they're dressed normal.

And don't appreciate your quips.

But the second they called like action, whatever it is to start fighting, pally just took off.

Ram completely away from the camera man on our crew at the chase.

And he just kept going.

And he was just like vaping like I was thousand yards.

I was like vaping in the corner behind it.

She was like, this is so dumb.

I'm hung over.

And I'll get fucking shot in the face and shaped by the biggest fucking door.

A lot of it.

Yeah, like once you're there, you can do whatever you want.

And that's part of the fun of it.

And also like our crew was ragtag and kind of like had that pirate ship like energy.

But it was a.

I don't know what that means, but go ahead.

You know, like pirate.

Pirate.

You know, pirates.

You know, people would walk through the plank.

They'd have to swap the decks.

Like yeah, it was like kind of all of your nadies.

You know, show big.

Because I all have stuff.

It was like all hands on.

And then also everyone was eventually pretty fucking drunk.

Okay.

That makes sense.

We had a couple of amputees with questionable.

That weren't made us hire them.

They're on a parrot on their shoulder.

Yeah.

We had a couple typical pirates.

We had a couple of people with relief parrots.

Therapy parrots.

We had a couple of vets, Afghanistan vets who had therapy parrots to keep them calm.

Mostly on sound.

Bad job.

hindsight's 20.

I worked on a noisy sound guys.

I worked on a pilot once and the sound guy talked the entire time whenever we were rolling.

And I was like, you are in charge of this.

What is happening here?

Well, that's what we found.

We found it difficult at first because some of the crew is like reality or documentary.

So they're not used to like real scenes happening.

They're used to staging scenes and they're pretending they're reality.

Right.

And they're used to a host talking directly into a camera and being like, we're here at this, whatever.

Yeah.

And so John and I would like get into an early on, would like start doing a scene where we're like riffing names for Liam Neeson's leaky penis.

And in the background, we would hear like, they're not in my frame.

They're not in my frame.

On the first pilot, we had a camera person who was like, are you getting them?

They're like loudly into the middle of us riffling.

But she's like that.

They're used to studios.

Right.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Wow.

Yeah.

Which is fun.

I once worked on a project with a sound guy who, after it came out, he read the AV Club review and commented on how while we were filming it, everyone was convinced it was shitty.

And he's surprised that it got such a good, such a good grade.

And you recognize the name?

Yes.

Oh, some shit went down after that.

Yeah.

You can't do that.

Although that is the vibe on a lot of shoots.

You cannot say that.

Yeah.

Of course, we all know it's shit.

We got to pretend it's exciting for the next fucking eight weeks.

That's all.

It is fun when you come into a shoot like in the middle, and you're trying to gauge where everybody's at on a spot.

Yeah.

Right.

Come on.

I was never on feel about it.

Like, can we make fun of this one?

It's like, man, it's so nice to be here.

Right?

And I was like, we all like it.

It's like, man, it's like, it's like, yeah, it's, I guess it's good.

But the hours really shitty.

It's like, OK, I know what's kind of set we're on.

Right.

Are you finding that the food sucks around here?

OK, I got it.

I'm in.

I got it.

Only a handful of times, if I ever asked, like, guest star on something, and I would say 75% of the time, it's the last day and last setup of the entire production.

Right.

And sometimes that's really cool because they have, like, senioritis, and there's a lot of food trucks and shit.

But then half the time, it's because they're so far behind.

Right.

And they're like, do we really need to do the valet scene?

The valet scene is so fucking stupid, and I'm standing there with a confessed star.

And the boat's high.

Like, we can do whatever.

I also can take the best off and just be a random passerby.

Yeah.

Yeah, someone walks up and is like, Christ, I will get to you, I guess.

Everything's blowing up.

And you're like, oh, no.

I love a stressed AD.

God.

I love it.

Stressed to tie these two conversation together.

Stressed sound guys are the best.

Yeah.

They're just talking to you like this fucking motherf- as you're fixing your mic.

And they're, you're up to the nose to nose with them as they put it, put their hand underneath your shirt and sort of in your hands.

I didn't get my fucking rate on this.

This is fucking bullshit.

You know, then he's reeks of like a vape cloud.

They all look like they play the minor league baseball in San Diego.

And it didn't work out.

The cart is covered with billabong stickers.

That's the guy wearing the open brothers.

These are different brands.

Okay.

It's a different thing.

So how many episodes did you do?

How many can we watch?

Can we, they're all just once we've shot 101.

That was what I was going to say.

We shot 93 more on spec.

It is an aspirational title.

100% And it's calling our shot and that always works.

Well, I mean, Rigglin 99, I mean, you know, it's like, No, I think either way it works because if we don't get 101, it's funny because it's like, we couldn't even do this.

Yeah.

Did you, like how many episodes did you do for this first season?

We did.

So on the eighth, did you run down 93 other places?

As an all ending.

No, but we're consistently.

Tracy, we're like, all right, we're all two.

And then we just hold our mouths open and then we'll just 80 or.

I don't know.

Tokyo.

Well, I can't wait for this.

Madrid.

One more.

I'm really.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Rule of three.

Yeah.

Scott.

I'm going to five.

Go to rule of five.

Go.

And then 17.

People have been waiting for the show.

People want your, your, they want, honestly, they wanted to see Adam and Gavris and their time to shine on TV.

They want you back on their TV screens and the fans of the show are really, really excited about it.

That's awesome.

And we all watch travel shows.

They're such low bar bullshit.

Yeah.

Just put it on your brain off.

Yeah.

We almost called it low hanging fruit.

We almost called it binge watch this hung over on New Year's Day.

Well, 101 places to party before you dies this Thursday on True TV.

Can you guys stick around for?

We're on like a crazy press tour.

We're going from here to Rogan to Delia.

Oh, yeah.

We're shifting gears.

OK.

So wait, so I am, I'm going to introduce a guest right now.

Oh, we can stick around for a little bit.

You're only going to say one segment though?

Yeah, we can't really stay, because we have to do so much.

We have a celebrity Littigan coming up a little later in the show.

What that means.

OK.

All right.

You have better learn.

It won't matter.

Yeah.

Fair enough.

All right.

Well, let's get to our next guest.

He's been on the show before, unlike you, John.

Oh, that's awesome.

And much like you, Adam.

So, yeah, we're really seeing the differences between you guys.

Ah, yes.

You really...

Now, this is a time where you don't even have to inject something when you don't have something to talk about.

I know.

Just because I already have someone in the wings, but yet it's just verbal diarrhea, where I...

It's the pace.

It's a pacing thing.

Leave all this in, please.

This guy's like, what?

I'm working on my Type 10.

It's not tight, by the way.

I've seen it.

It's very...

It's very, very saggy.

All right.

Guy works in a podcast company.

It doesn't do type comedy.

Oh, I know.

Oh, that's two.

Oh, that's 10 minutes.

Oh, OK.

Let's talk to him.

He's been on the show before.

He's a photographer.

Welcome back to the show, Check Furs.

Hey, you got a...

Hey, thanks so much for having me.

Hey, Jack.

Great.

Yeah.

I'm still in Blackberry Salad before you came in here by me, too.

Well, I need some of that salad.

Adam.

Is that better?

Yeah.

Yeah, a lot.

A lot.

Crystal.

That'll be great.

Great.

Great to see you, Jack.

This is Adam.

This is John.

How's it going?

Hey, if you guys ever need a camera person on the show, you know, hit me.

Yeah, you were talking to you like...

You were complaining about your camera guy I heard.

I fucking nail that shit.

I mean, that's my...

You're a photographer, but you're a videographer as well, right?

That's right.

I do more photojournalism.

Oh, nice.

Do you have any like party photography?

Because we're hopefully going to be able to have a premiere party for the show.

And could you...

Yeah.

...take some shots of that?

That'd be great.

Yeah, could set up some cameras.

If it's a high-crime area, you might want to look out.

I don't know where you're throwing this party, but a lot of these parties are in some pretty dicey locations.

And I'm sure you guys know what I'm talking about.

No, I don't, and I don't want to know.

Well, this is a conversation I hear a lot from my uncle, and I'm scared where this is going.

Hi, hi.

I don't know why that has anything to do with photojournalism.

Well, I'm just following stories.

If it bleeds, it leads.

And you cover the crime beat mainly as a thing.

I mostly do the crime beat.

Yeah, don't read into it too much.

Okay, that makes way more sense.

He makes way more sense.

He usually, I mean...

Hey, you guys seem hopped up, and I don't know what.

So maybe you're looking into things a little too much.

Adam and I got very high before we went to figure it out.

Just a little.

I'm wearing a tie-dye t-shirt.

So it gives off the impression.

Yeah, no.

Some of the other camera guys are into the tie-dye shit.

Me not so much.

I...

You were the spotter, the other guys.

Sorry to tie-dye.

Like wearing it?

Like...

Wearing it?

They wear it?

Appreciating it?

They wear it, they make it.

They sell it?

They sell it.

They're doing all sorts of crazy shit.

Some of these other fucking whack jobs I run into at the local stations.

I don't know how these guys look through a lens finder and find their own fucking feet.

Not like you though.

You're not a tie-dye guy.

I'm not a tie-dye guy.

Yeah, I don't have time for it.

Let's describe what it is for these guys.

It is time consuming to make.

Yeah.

To buy.

To buy it there.

To buy or wear.

That's a lot.

Well, it's time consuming to wear.

You've been wearing that for about half an hour this week.

All day.

It's very time consuming.

It has an hour.

We've been talking for 40 minutes.

You bought this shirt and you bought it in your ticket.

I've not done it in your ticket.

Well, too flashy too.

Came in like Terminator.

I haven't fully made it and pulled that off a dead hippie.

When I shoot your guy's show.

Wait, I'm gonna go ahead and thanks for bringing me aboard.

I really needed a job.

You have no idea.

I have no idea what your sales set is, but you have no idea how you are probably better than 50% of the people who work on a show.

What?

Are you Iotzi?

I'm in multiple unions and if not, I'm in good standing.

That's good.

I don't know what that means.

But the interesting thing about your style is a lot of it.

It's sort of, I don't know what you would call a verite or something, but it's normally like, it seems like the camera is affixed to a building and stationary in a way.

Yeah, quite often the camera is kind of linked on a rooftop.

And we're all putting it.

And just catching something in the frame.

Yeah, catching things that fly by like this guy, a night wolf.

I've talked about him before on this show.

You mentioned him on this show.

I won't get into it.

I'm not going to waste everybody's time, but there is a guy kind of cleaning up the streets a little bit called the night wolf, and he's a bit of a vigilante.

And I don't know why anybody's not talking to him, and it might be cool if he showed up on your show.

I've never heard of the night wolf.

Yeah.

Well, he's a loss.

You have, have you done your Los Angeles episode?

We have not done an L.A.

Oh, he would come up in the Los Angeles episode.

Probably people would probably be talking about him locally.

I had never heard of him.

Is this guy, is this like a super power thing or is it like a bad dance?

Like a vengeance Batman.

Yeah, it's kind of both.

I, I, yeah.

Does he have super powers?

I don't know that this has ever come up.

I think like magic.

As far as like courage goes, in a way that's, that's a bit of a superpower.

To me, I think his, I think his courageousness and his bravery is, it, and his intelligence perhaps.

But like the first chance of any like, he seems smart as hell.

Is he like mutate, like can he like walk through walls or like or fly or, or is there any sort of like meta-fizzable?

Yeah, it's a bit of a problem.

We don't really know.

Um, you're just guessing at this point because you're in the media.

Yeah.

You've caught him on tape a few times.

Yeah.

My, my, you're one of the only people who has managed to catch him.

I'm the only guy who's really been able to grab him and that's just so, so.

Jack.

So a guy named Jack Fur is the only guy who's lost tonight.

Fur is, that's fur.

Oh, fur is, yeah.

Never mind then.

I thought I was gonna catch him.

Yeah.

With the Z.

Okay.

Well, I'm familiar with the surname Fur's.

Yeah.

Yeah, of course.

So yeah, not too many other people.

Does anyone ever seem to catch him on anything?

Or even me.

I mean, some of my shots can't really get his face too hot.

Yeah.

But he goes around like solving crimes and stuff.

Yeah.

He travels around in.

He's working on some of the bigger crimes, but the, some of the small ones.

He's like a first responder.

Yeah.

He's like, right, way to put it out.

What's your aim for?

First responder.

Mm-hmm.

What's he doing for whale stand?

Maybe even like a negative responder.

A negative responder.

Like negative first.

Like, yes.

He's like, before, before, yeah, before zero.

Mm-hmm.

So is he?

Pre-crime?

You know, you get pregnant from pre-crime.

Oh, man.

I just got, I just got a text message.

Oh, what?

Adam, are you okay?

What's going on?

My wife, my wife is waiting in the car.

Are you doing it?

Why is your wife waiting in the car?

Because I, because no, we're doing stuff.

Do you do unlimited text?

She's driving us to Rogan.

She's driving us around.

Oh, okay.

Stuff to him.

She's on your framelink.

She said that she's, right now she's, she's downstairs.

And there's like a mad man in the, in the parking lot with a gun.

Threatening everybody.

Oh, okay.

I will.

I feel clean.

You might want to videotape it.

Okay.

Yeah.

I got cameras set up outside.

So we might be able to situation that she needs to tell.

I should go.

Do you?

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

You should, maybe you should go.

I should go or.

You're good for podcasting is when people leave.

I really have to get out of here.

If we're late to Delia, he is going to be furious.

Okay.

Maybe we should take a break.

Let's take a break.

Everyone can kind of get their shoes.

You maybe want to, you maybe want to go look at what's going on in the parking lot.

I actually really got to take a long shit.

A long duration or length of turd.

Quick long.

Let me see the other man frequently.

Do you know the night, yeah, Hawk night, night wolf.

Night wolf.

Can you call him for me?

Yeah.

You know what I actually do kind of seem to know who he will call him.

Yeah.

I, I will try to get in contact with him.

I've set up like a night wolf flashlight.

Flashlight.

Yeah.

Like this is an emergency.

And it's just daytime.

You'll find it.

Jack, I got this baby Jack.

Jack, I know, but it's a time time.

Yeah.

Tax him or whatever.

There's a guy in the parking lot.

He's going to find him.

And your wife calls someone besides you about the man, man.

If you're just going to see him.

She's texting you.

Wait, hold on.

Not that guy.

Oh, no, it's just not that.

She called the cops and they said the night wolf will take care of it.

What?

Oh shit.

That sounds like the LAPD.

It's 2PM.

Okay, look.

Let this, I mean, this is a big time for us.

This is bad.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, you take care of whatever you need to.

I'm going to be gone.

You're leaving?

Yeah, I got to go do a pod.

All right, that's fine.

You take care of what you need to.

You guys on set.

Coming up, we have an activist.

We also have a central everybody lit again.

Pretty lit again.

Before you die, Thursday, July 14th.

Happy best deal day.

We're also in the impractical jokers episode before that.

Which was a big deal.

Weird.

This was awesome.

Thank you so much.

Thank you so much for being here.

It's so nice to meet you for the second time.

Thank you for having me on panel.

Yeah, of course.

But we'll be right back.

We'll have more.

Jack, you can stick around.

Oh no, you might have to leave too.

I ain't got to step out for a second.

Okay.

And then I'll be right back.

Church, Church, Church.

You've got to do something like eight.

I don't know.

Well, you might want to wash whatever that eyeliner is.

Oh, you got a lot of black eyeliner.

Oh, the yellowish content?

Yeah, yeah.

I was playing softball.

You stick the glare off.

Okay.

All right.

Look.

And this is like insulation.

Some of this fur that's around my, that's coming through my shirt.

I got to get this shit out of my hair.

It's just like a hairy chest.

All right.

Well, we'll be right back with more comedy bang video after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

And boy, we stopped down for a bit.

A lot of drama out in the parking lot.

But returning back with us is Jack Furs, our cameraman or videographer.

You're part of the MSM, the mainstream media, right?

Is that a way to describe you?

Yeah, I am.

And, um, uh, oh, what is that?

Sorry.

Just filling up some, I'm dying a thirst.

Do you know?

Yeah.

You're dying of thirst.

We're dying.

You're supposed to be boring water for us.

I'm sorry.

I was late.

I got caught in the parking lot.

Some guy with like a furry cape on was beating me since.

Wait, that was you?

Oh, the burglar?

Yeah.

I saw, I saw, I saw, what's your face?

The lady who's married to the guy from Sonic 2.

Uh, I saw, I saw.

And Sonic 1.

I looked at, I looked at, I saw, I saw, I saw, I saw, I saw.

I've only seen Sonic 2, I got Paramount Plus too late.

But here's the thing.

Officer Ferdy, whatever.

Fuck.

Yeah, that's shit.

I wish I knew that name because that would have come in handy weeks ago.

Well, the, the, the father of, uh, part bottom junior.

Oh, got it.

Oh, I love that song.

Fart bottom girls.

Oh, I think you're listening to it wrong.

See, there's, there's bells.

Uh, oh no, that's bicycle.

They're back to back on Killer Queen.

They are, yeah.

That's what you said.

That's a crossword clue.

This guy kicking your ass.

Would you call it like a wolf jitsu?

Yeah, it was, he was biting my neck.

There was nuzzling, he howled a few times.

His lipstick was out.

He had like a long red like tongue.

All right, well, don't talk about that.

The, uh, yeah, I think I know that guy from my dojo.

Wait, was it Night Wolf though?

It sounds like if he was cleaning the things up out there.

Yeah.

You went from your dojo.

I was pretty clear as Night Wolf.

I had a mask on because of COVID.

I was wearing a luchador mask because of COVID.

And I had my cell phone is in a case that looks like a handgun.

So, and I was trying to get some of the songs.

I was running around the parking lot.

And then it's so late.

So nice young blonde lady in a BMW starts screaming.

It's, someone called the police, someone called Night Wolf.

I'll text my husband.

Okay.

Okay, but then I got the snot kicked out of me.

I'm sorry. He's a pretty tough home, Bray that night.

Wolf, I wouldn't want to roll with that guy.

Is he like the guy at your, uh, yeah, I think so.

So it sounds like some of the guys at my dojo.

Multiple guys.

Uh, man, I'll tell you what.

Do you know what?

Yeah, great to hear.

I'm sorry.

I'm here.

I'm not going to talk for the rest of the episode.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

No, it's good to have you.

You haven't been on in a little bit, but.

No, I have not been.

I've been trying to have it sitting outside.

Comedian Jacky.

I'm literally here with an empty glass.

Oh, pour me the water.

You got it. She pour me the water.

Mrs. Jerry Maguire.

I've never seen it.

Do you think it's about a water salesman for a bartender?

That's talking.

Show me the water, Jerry.

All right.

Thank you so much.

Uh, great to have you, Gino.

You're our intern from Long Island.

That's correct.

You got to write on the first time.

Usually guests.

Sometimes I think it's infuriating.

I know.

I'm so sorry.

That's a few.

I feel like you've been on so many times though.

Now I sort of.

Jesus Christ.

The seat is so warm and damp.

Who is sitting in here before?

Uh, Long Island Medium.

What?

The, the, Teresa with the Blondeo.

Are you making a joke about my favorite comedian John K.

John K. Edwards was here.

I fucking missed him.

Yeah.

He was here.

He gave me a job.

I'm, I'm pumped.

That's exciting.

Yeah.

It's nice to see what medium John Edwards.

Wait, the crossing over and down was here.

He was here.

Oh, I thought you had the guy who fucked his wife.

What the fuck?

Cheated on his wife while she was sick.

Is that a different John Edwards?

Stop the campaign because of it.

Right, right.

Yeah.

Remember when it was Sanders?

How old is Gino Longbaudel?

It's at the title of my memoir.

Oh, well, Gino, great to have you here.

Thank you so much for being here.

Thank you so much for having me.

I'm done.

And Jack, I'm glad that you took your shit.

Is that what happened?

Yeah.

I'm sorry.

Yeah.

I was so crude about it, but.

Oh, it's all right.

That's just how us industry guys are.

We just talk about that stuff.

And I had to go.

So, you know, I was just.

Well, look, I feel like we didn't get a chance to talk to you too much other than about the Night Wolf, which we always get sidetracked talking about the Night Wolf.

I'm sorry.

I even brought it up.

Have you heard about this guy, the cross-puzzler?

No, the cross-puzzler.

Yeah, really.

What is that?

Who is that?

He's got me in a bit of trouble, Scott.

He sent these threatening puzzles to the mayor and some other city officials.

Yeah, Garcetti himself.

And they're full of, I guess, if you answer these crossword puzzles, it's kind of a challenge to the Night Wolf.

And if they would have answered them correctly, it would have really put the Night Wolf into the headlines.

But some of these questions, it's almost as if the cross-puzzler just put it into a computer program and it had multiple options.

And they can kind of equal some pretty scary stuff.

And these guys thought their lives were threatened.

And somehow, the federal authorities traced it back to me, Jack Fertz.

That's weird.

Yeah.

How did they trace it back to you?

I mean, I don't know.

This is some sort of conspiracy.

Did the cross-puzzler like, oh, this is a level that, oh, okay.

My cross-puzzler, by the way, is Jesus Christ.

Yeah.

I hope so.

He's always like, what?

Why don't you figure that thing out?

Has this thing worked?

Ouch.

So I'm in a...

I'm in a bit of a...

I kind of came on looking to see if you knew any lawyers.

Lawyers, we have a celebrity lifter.

We have a celebrity lifter.

They're against coming later.

That might be a lawyer.

I'm not sure where they're going.

You could ask him for advice.

Okay.

It is a him.

It is a him?

Yes.

That's okay.

Goodness.

Yes.

So I'm...

I assumed there was a guy because it was a lawyer.

No, he's a litigant.

I don't even know what that is.

Okay.

Yeah.

Who figured it out?

Well, great to have you, Jack.

I'm sorry to hear it.

Litigants are like, I've f***ed a lot.

I've torn them.

They're in your knees and elbows and...

Oh, yeah.

I know what you're talking about.

Well, it's great to have you, Jack.

I'm so sorry to hear about your troubles, but I'm sure the night wolf will take care of this once he finds the cross-puzzler.

Yeah.

If we can find that son of a bitch.

Yeah.

Well, we'll see.

I wish you best of luck, Jack Firs, with your new gig working on Gaberson Pally's new show.

Yeah.

I could use getting out of town for a little while.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, look.

Speaking of coming into town, we need to talk to our next guest, if that's okay.

You, Gino, can you get the water relief?

Level's up on, levels up on Guess Mike.

Okay.

Here we go.

Great.

7-8.

Perfect.

Let's talk to her.

She's an activist.

This is exciting.

Look, it's a fraught time in our country right now.

You call America?

Yeah.

You call it that all the time.

Our American country is what I was going to say.

But...

That feels like a book you write when you're 60, right?

Our American country.

American politics.

Politics.

Sorry.

Were you talking?

No.

Action.

Okay.

Here we go.

Where?

Let's bring her on.

Where?

He's looking for action.

Sorry.

No, I'm just filming.

Oh, okay.

Let's bring her on.

She's an activist.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Bethany, well, sorry.

Let's...

I'm strong.

It's an on Bethany water bottle.

Water bottle.

Yes.

I don't want to swim.

I thought I said winter bottom and I...

I'm...

Oh, she's...

Slazy's bully in London.

You better fill up my water.

You got you didn't bring...

Fill it up, pig.

Oh, okay.

Oh, God.

Sorry.

I take this cop outfit off.

Wait, how did you describe yourself?

You're the...

What?

Swamies.

Screamiest.

Bully in London.

Booty in London?

What?

I think...

Bully.

Oh, Bully.

Oh, oh, oh.

I'm a bully.

I've been doing for letting me get you trousers.

I'll sit at my fingers up, you bum.

Oh.

Wait, you're a bull.

I thought you were an activist.

Okay.

Well, then I'm having flashbacks to high school where I was bullied every day by a priest.

Yeah, only thing I'm active on is bullying you lot.

I'm on a global tour.

Fists and all that.

Okay.

So you're a professional bully?

Is that what I'm trying to get to?

Guess who you call me a professional?

I can't be stopped by a government, can I?

Oh, okay.

Well, what...

I'm an international waters.

I'm Bethany Waterball.

Well, welcome to show Bethany Waterball.

Waterball.

Okay.

Waterball.

You're saying...

Bullock!

Tons of bull on a wall.

Okay, got it.

Well, welcome to the show.

You're a bully though.

You're...

That's what you're on to talk about.

Two for flippin'...

Don't shake your fist at me!

Bethany!

Hey!

Whoa, Scott, you got hard right when Bethany punched.

You got...

Try to call the police.

I dare any one of you.

My family is the waterball but a family.

I'm protected from all language.

I got my dad.

Where are the Los Angeles?

If you try to call the police, they're going to send two therapists.

Yeah.

Or the night wolf.

The little L.

You're lucky the night wolf might save you but...

Maybe we need...

The night wolf tried to walk on me.

You know what I'd do?

Bloody sad.

Pull on his teeth and touch his eyeballs.

Hey, don't do that.

Is bullying different in the UK?

Because you know, you keep threatening to touch eyeballs and finger assholes.

No, but not like seven-year eyeballs.

That's today!

Fair enough.

I need...

The butthole thing I think some people like.

I think honestly everyone would like it if they tried it.

A lot of the male glitters, right?

A lot of the male glitters.

They would all like it too.

The male G-spot is real.

Oh.

Okay.

So, how old of a person are you?

Do you mind me asking because you sound like you could be three or you could be 83?

That's disrespectful.

You'd be washed your back or I'll bet you the death.

I washed my back.

I washed your back and touch eyeballs.

Take me fingers up your butt.

Mm.

You're 14, is that what you're saying?

I'm 14.

Are you scared?

How old are you?

92.

Pull down your trousers.

I don't think that's going to tell you how old are you.

How old are you?

Should I pull mine up?

You can't say that to somebody already.

Oh hey, she's 14.

She's there.

I've got to keep your drawers on.

Actually, can we move this mic to 100 yards east?

Oh look.

Bethany, you're a 14-year-old bully from...

It's Bethany.

Sorry, Stephanie?

Bethany.

That's what I said, didn't I?

Like Beth, like Bethlem.

That's what I said, Bethany.

Bethany.

Beth, what am I saying wrong?

Bethany, War Bull, say it, pig.

Bethany, Water Bottle.

All right, you got it.

Okay.

So you're a 14-year-old bully from the UK?

Yeah, from London town.

And who do you bully?

Everyone I can get me hands on.

You know why?

As I said before, government can't stop me because I'm from the War Bottle family.

My dad, the Sani, my mum, Fuji, my uncle, Avian.

You can't mess with us, can you?

They work well.

They're passionate about the show.

Their first names are the brands of all the water bottles.

Oh, I get it.

They're sister Crystal, guys.

Me other sister, Valley Spring.

Oh my god, your sister's next.

I know what sister is cheap there.

Excuse me.

Excuse me, pull down your trousers.

Okay.

Let me touch the eyeball.

And I just use hands, Sani.

There's a little burn for your pig.

Should I pull up my trousers now?

Oh, I have more.

And trousers are pants, right?

I'm going to stop filming this.

So you've come to our country to bully us?

What exactly?

I'm trying to get a handle on you.

What exactly are you here for?

I guess I'm on the bullying rampage because I can't be stopped.

And my family don't care, did I?

Everybody got a War Bottle name, except for me, Bethany, adopted.

Yeah, what did that happen?

Oh, so you were adopted, really?

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Dopting into the War Bottle crime family so they wouldn't have to pay me real wages.

Treat me like a child laborer and all that, and it.

So your family adopted you so they wouldn't have to pay you?

So they needed an employee.

They weren't dying for another child.

Oh, I did.

They already had your sisters' arrowhead in Poland spring.

Crystal geyser.

So they wouldn't even give me a compliment?

Crystal geyser is one of the only fans' accounts I follow.

She throws a tarp down and then makes a mess.

Excuse me.

What do you say about my sister?

Put your trousers back on.

Okay, put it back on.

Jesus Christ.

Hey, put them in the heart.

I'm a little sweaty so it's hard to pull them up and down that much.

Just getting stuck on.

Pull them up higher.

Higher.

Okay.

How's this?

Does it hurt?

I feel like a high school offensive line coach with my shorts.

I got this.

Fupa going.

Keep them up really high.

Everyone else, take your pants completely off and put them in my basket.

I'm not putting my pants in your basket.

You're going to take me off a couple more times to better spare me.

Say and take off your trousers.

Just take them off now.

Alright, here we go.

I've got random furry stuff underneath my boots.

Just to let everybody know.

Just like a weird.

I lost the bet earlier this morning.

Oh, I understand.

Yeah.

Alright, let's take our pants.

Here we go.

Alright, here we go.

In the pants basket they are.

Alright, there we are.

I'm over here touching my own eyes.

I learned something I like over here.

Oh, these trousers stink tonight.

I mean, one of them I think does.

Okay.

That could be anybody.

I think it's you, Jack.

I'm wearing a lot of layers today.

I just guessed the weather wrong.

LA is crazy like that.

It's cold in the morning.

That's famous.

LA's famous for the weather being hard to nail down.

LAUGHTER So are you traveling to other countries to try to get a message out or are you...

I mean, what are you doing while you're here?

I mean, how long are you here?

So many questions.

Good question, scoot.

You know what I'm doing.

Oh, man, that hurts.

She's a fucking professional bully.

I mean, she's got cuts to the core.

Fuck.

I'm on a bullying rampage.

I guess because I've had my feeling to haven't been really included in my family.

So going on a world tour to cause as much pain as I've felt, isn't it?

Years and years working in the factory for my family is in the top of the little Bethany.

You know, in the top of a water bottle, how there's a little white lid on it.

Sure.

Speak when it's spoken to me.

This is trousers back.

Come on.

LAUGHTER Shit.

OK, I'll put it back on.

Now, those are Jack's trousers.

Oh, yeah.

LAUGHTER Yeah, pog the stinky ones.

LAUGHTER They smell like smoke bombs just in my eye.

Now, Bethany, I had a quick question.

You said you worked for the crime family in the water bottle factory?

The water bottle family is a bit of a crime family because they know the water supply is going to dry up and then they're going to be like the different sections of a mafia.

Oh.

But because they haven't given me a proper title, I'm just out here on my own.

Like I said, years of work in the factory putting a little white lid on.

But you know the part that's like the little ring around the white lid.

Yeah, the connective, the bed tears away when you fit.

Sorry.

Trials is up, round your neck.

Oh, God.

Now he's hard again.

Oh.

Well, that was my job.

I was a little bit...

I put my trousers around my neck.

No, you may not.

Just about.

OK, I'm doing it anyway for kicks.

I was the only one in my family with fingers little enough to put the little ring around the top of the water bottle.

Oh, this is some snow piers or shit.

Getting their working bones off while I'm at you, Bethany.

Can you blame me when I have to 10 years of that?

All I want to do is...

Oh, fistic life, some impound donut, dick slaggers and trousers, huh?

You started doing that at the age of four.

Hey, your parents, is your dad dead?

Hey, you shouldn't ask someone that.

Sorry.

Oh.

Only you should ask.

He just passed.

Oh, no.

The CBB curse strikes again.

Did he kill himself because his name was Fuji and that isn't a water bottle?

My mom's name's Fuji.

My dad's the son, he, my uncle, Evian.

My sister, Crystal, guys.

Oh, my other sister, that looks bring me brother, tap.

Tap?

Oh, man, I'd hate to be tapped.

Tap?

No, what's the sad thing about tap?

Stillborn.

Oh.

But you still bring him up when people ask you about your family?

Well, he's not dead, is he?

Just...

Oh, he's still...

He's still...

He's not sparkling.

He's what I'm saying.

Oh, I understand now.

Sparkling was for the French in it.

La Croix, perrier.

Oh, my God.

They're French geezers in it.

I understand.

But my dad's dead, yes, so is all.

Oh, Jesus.

Hi.

Because it's the sunny, it's filtered water with salt.

There's higher powered waters you could be.

Okay, sure.

But maybe you go on knowing so much about the water bottle family.

I'm from Long Island, which is a big deli island.

So there's a lot of water bottles and assorted things.

Yeah, Gino, unlike our previous guest, Gino knows everything about it.

Yeah, I know.

I can't believe I miss Gables, by the way.

Oh, yeah.

Jesus, this chair is still fucking...

I know.

He's choking with swamp.

He said he was going to go take the train for the first time.

On his way out.

Oh, my God.

All the way from Jamaica.

Yeah, exactly.

And then he's like through Rockville Center, Merrick.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, Belmont, Wanto, Siford.

Yeah.

Messy-peek-wim, Messy-peek-wim.

Oh, yeah.

How many of you have Copèg Lindenhurst and Babylon?

Yeah, all of those.

He's going to shave all of those for the first time.

That's a long train ride.

Yeah, it's very long.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Go from Babylon to Copèg Lindenhurst to Remedyville.

Uh-huh.

Then you go to Messy-peek-wim, Messy-peek-wim, Siford, Wanto.

Merrick, Mel-Melmont, Merrick.

Freeport, Rockville, Baldwin.

Rockville Center.

Yeah.

Cue Gardens.

Yeah.

He didn't know any of that stuff.

Oh, thank God.

That's my corner.

Yeah.

That's kind of my thing is the railroad.

I don't have big bucks.

I don't get driven around like, you know, Mr. fucking True TV over there, driven around in a...

Right.

Toyota Turssel.

By Cue.

And not Cue and on Cue.

Brian Cue Quinn, one of the Jokers.

Oh, okay.

I thought you were talking about Cue from Star Trek.

Oh, I don't even know that one.

Really?

Is that the guy who says that Biden's a pedophile?

No, well, I mean, in his off hours when the cameras are not on.

So, Bethany...

Bethany!

I just keep saying it right.

I think Bethany, how did you even get to our country?

I mean, uh...

Oh, what?

Like a wall-ball average can't go in a plane like you lot.

What?

Because I'm British, I gotta take the Titanic, please.

Is that what you're all about?

No, I just...

The house is in your mouth, stuck on the ankle part.

Oh, Jesus.

I just mean you're Jack's trousers.

Those are particularly weird.

Oh, God.

They're a little bloody down there.

I just mean you're an unaccompanied minor and...

No, 14.

That's marriage age in England.

Is it really?

I'm sure.

It'll be here soon enough, too.

Yeah.

In America?

Yeah.

Once the good guys get everything sorted out in the Supreme Court, we should be all money.

Jesus Christ, these freaks.

Really?

I'm a Italian from Long Island, and I'm not even that Catholic.

Jesus.

So, anything you want to say...

I mean, this is a huge platform.

Anything you want to say to our listeners out here, I mean, you're a bully.

What I'm getting is you're a bully from England.

And you're here.

You're just here.

Well, I'm here to kick the shit out.

You've got, am I?

That's why you've come to America.

I'm going to kick the piss out you make.

Okay.

And then after that, you know what I'm going to do after I've beat all of Americans for submission.

What's that?

I'm going to start my own World of Friends' Chimes.

It's going to be the only type of water available to all you thirsty little pigs.

Okay, what are you going to call it?

I mean, your name is Bethany Waterbally.

Is it going to be Bethany Water or...?

It's going to be Beth to death.

Whoa!

Okay.

It's going to be like an energy drink too, with blood and peace in it too, and a little bit of spit.

Okay.

That's disgusting.

That spit crossed the mind of me.

Well, what else are you going to drink?

When the older lakes and lagoons get all of the fropped up in the evolution of the evaporation cycle?

I think it's a myth that all lagoons are going to get flopped up.

I think lagoons are going to get flopped up.

I've thought my own research and I'm not positive lagoons are going to get as flopped up as everyone says they are.

I mean, the oceans, the icebergs, we know are going to get flopped.

That's obvious, but lagoons, come on!

Come on.

For fuck's sake, lagoons and lagoons are supposed to be the only things that are lastly, the lopax.

This is your American education showing in England!

What about all the lagoons?

And everything gone get flopped up 2024, the Great Flopening.

2024, that's too soon.

No.

I have so much life to live.

Sorry, mate.

You're going to end up suicide like me, Dad.

Please don't say that.

Trust me, I have dealt with a lot of tragedies.

In what way? What do you mean, Jack?

Ooh, several suicides, um, some fucked up deaths of many of my wives.

There was no back half to that sentence.

It was just who trusts me? I've seen a lot of tragedies.

I thought that was setting up.

What do you mean, Jack?

Holy shit, Jack, I'm not trying to get a little empathetic with our 14-year-old guest here.

I'm 14, but I'm stronger than you, mate.

Your arms look like little wetspagetti man.

Okay, that's true.

Nope.

Let's take, can we do, can we have some sort of strength test between the two of you?

I mean, you claim to go to a dojo.

I do, yes. I've learned Wolf Jitsu at this dojo.

Let's try then. 11 seconds to punch the other in the head as many times as possible.

Okay.

Are you taking turns or doing a pop?

Oh, God.

He's out cold.

She called her shot.

I think you, so you won at 1-0.

All right, that's 11 seconds.

If you won, 1-0.

You can let the others go.

Jack, what the hell happened?

One shot, you were down.

Oh, God.

There were two hits, actually.

Her hitting you and you hitting the ground.

Oh, man, that one works.

It's, it's, hey, 50 years on.

It is still good.

Is the, are the mics picking up?

I feel like a protest outside.

What?

I hear a lot of people like chanting and saying, go away.

I don't, what is happening here?

I don't know.

I'll ask the front desk person on the next break, but it seems like there's a kind of, there's like a celebrity coming in.

There's a limo and there's a bunch of, wow, weird.

There's a bunch of women.

Why going out the hood of the cook?

What going on in the parking lot today?

Parking lots are hot, so.

What's the, yeah, TMZ is out there, actually.

TMZ is out there.

Yeah.

Yeah, your buddy, I mean, you must know them because there's a plenty of, uh, TMZ will not give me the time for TMZ.

I know.

They hate that, man.

They hate that.

I know.

I'm not the only one who made that joke.

They fucking hate that.

I got blackballed by TMZ.

Just cause you win in there singing, TMZ's TNT.

Yeah, let's play.

Blacklisted or blackballed?

Blackballed.

Same thing.

Okay.

Yeah.

This is like a Hellman's, you know.

Blackballed is what I'm going to do to you, Scott.

Oh, shit, please.

Oh, shit, let me pummel him.

Okay, we're not going to do an 11 second thing.

I'm about to be pummel him.

Ow!

Damn it.

Holy shit.

Yeah, I guess they are.

Hang pretty low.

Yeah.

They make a low hanging fruit.

They make some crazy noises.

Well, you never know.

Mabit TMs Zeds out there for me because I'm a warbolt, Eric.

She is from England.

She said Zed.

Or Canada.

All right, look, it's getting way too loud out there.

I don't know what is happening out there in the parking lot.

We're going to have to take a break here.

Bethany, can you stick around?

Bethany, you cunt.

Jesus Christ.

Jack, I know you can stick around.

And Gino.

What the fuck does that mean, man?

I don't know.

Gino, you're cool.

I'm supposed to engineer Chris D'Elia's podcast later, but I can stick around for me.

I can stick around for me.

I appreciate it.

All right, we're going to come back.

We're going to have a celebrity litigant when we come back.

That's very exciting.

We'll find out what a litigant means.

That'll be our first question to him.

We'll be right back at the bar comedy, bang, bang, after this.

Comedy, bang, bang, we're back.

We have Gino in.

Sounds feeds.

Yeah, action.

Scott.

We're recording now.

We're rolling.

Okay.

Please turn the camera off.

We have intro.

Gino's over here.

Jack Furs is with us.

The photographer works for the media.

Freelance.

Oh, yeah.

You're unavailable.

Okay.

And we also have Bethany water bottle.

Oh, two for fenciin.

Oh, shit.

Oh, oh.

Goddamn it.

But, okay.

So we went down to the parking lot.

We found out what was going on.

I guess it's our next guest.

All I had was celebrity litigant here on my sheet.

But apparently it's when they said celebrity.

It is a huge celebrity.

Please welcome to the show Johnny Depp.

Thank you, Mr. Ockerman.

Could be okay.

Johnny, are you high?

Hey, Johnny.

No.

Johnny.

Define high.

Uh, intoxicated.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

Johnny, it's great to have you.

Thank you, Mr. Ockerman.

So when I heard celebrity litigant, please, our first question, what is a litigant?

Explain this to our listeners.

It's not a bone, but it's also not.

It's not not a bone.

Not a bone.

Okay.

Well, it's a person who's a part of the leg.

You know when you're asking Johnny Depp.

What did you do?

From what I can do?

This guy's been through so much.

From what I know it's not a bone.

I mean, my pet wolves go crazy for bones, so I know them all.

You're not a jack.

You have pet wolves.

Yeah, yeah.

I also have a pet wolf, miniature one, tiny pet wolf.

Well, they trust me.

They start small.

They get freaking big, man.

My mind went the other way.

Oh, do they?

It started small.

I got even smaller.

I bought it hugely.

Oh, shit.

I thought I was getting the biggest wolf.

Ever.

Don't that I was from Ockerman?

Really?

How long did I take?

It was like a Benjamin Button of War?

Six days.

It happened very quickly.

Very quickly.

Shit.

It became apparent.

I knew I had made a mistake on day two.

Why didn't you take it back to who's so successful?

I wanted to see where it would end up.

Oh, dude.

It ended up happening.

That's right away.

Right away.

Yeah.

Wow.

Yes, Governor.

Well, Johnny, what I'm getting from context clues.

The governor is in here.

It's the same.

You should trust me.

I don't want to lose him here.

He got some weird threats and he's bringing him back on me.

I know what it's like to be a threatened man.

Oh, well, this is what I'm going to say.

From context clues, I'm guessing a litigant is someone who was recently in the court system.

I tore my intuition.

I cruciated.

Right.

Yeah.

I mean, say what you will about your career.

Yes, I'm sure.

But you've been in the news recently.

That's right, Mr. Okeman.

And tell us about that.

You sound like a Bram Stoker, Chris.

I am from Kentucky.

But I mean, obviously you sound like your Johnny Debs.

You sound exactly like yourself.

You sound like yourself.

I'm just putting that together.

Sometimes you don't do you, Johnny.

Sometimes you say, like, I'm Jack Sparrow.

There you go.

I'll just sign your forehead.

Oh, my gosh.

Wow, he's a big timey new.

No problem.

He's just alpha-y.

No problem.

Do we actually find a bigger bully than Bethany Water bottle?

Listen up, Johnny, I'm not just one of your, I'm not bootstrap boo or crew member one.

Hold on, I'm texting call Bethany.

Shit's his bed.

Oh, oh.

Don't let that.

You don't know how to act, do you, Bethany?

Oh, it's never happening to you.

Johnny Debs, I'm going to squeeze out a turd on your kneecap.

I can't.

I'm pretty shy.

I'm impugned.

You're a speedbag boy.

You fucking did a fucking drill.

You knocked me out.

Call.

That happens all the time.

I guess what's actually happening is there's a person in the room of respect.

It's a definite power in balance here.

All right, we got Bethany on the record saying she respects Johnny Debs.

I don't know.

Hi, Johnny.

That could be using a Lydia in the future.

Hello.

Hi.

Hello.

Johnny, your teeth are really black and red.

What are you drinking over there?

I had stones.

Well, I do have a smoothie that's covered in seeds.

Oh, that, yeah.

Just to coat my throat for my gig tonight.

Yeah.

What are you doing tonight?

I'm playing with Slash, Duff McKagan.

Oh, I was going to say you hadn't mentioned anyone first.

So go to Slash.

Who was that?

Oh, Slash, a snake, Beth?

Oh, part of them.

Okay.

Bucket phase.

That's fucking F.

That's nephew.

The bucket headed.

Oh, may he rest in peace.

Two pieces.

To bucket in the head.

He rested in two pieces.

He was buried in a bikini.

Oh, yeah, I understand.

Fred and Robert.

Was it an open casket?

You still listen people in the band?

Yes.

Fred and Robert.

It's like, I get fired.

A lot of members.

Oh, wow.

Yes.

And we only play in London.

Oh, okay.

You have to get tonight in London.

Tonight.

A real local.

How did you know she was from London?

I could tell right away by her accent.

We have similar accents.

Oh, yeah.

How many bandanas are you wearing?

The scarves.

The 11 scarves on and two asks I fashioned as a belt.

Oh, wow.

I mean, I wouldn't say it's a good look.

It's a very intriguing look.

That's all I'm going for.

Yeah, wow.

Anyway, what are your questions, Mr. Ockermann?

You came on the show.

Are you plugging the show?

Yeah, it's my honor.

It's a snake bit with bucket face.

Well, I'm doing a gig tonight.

And then I was driving around sunset.

And I saw a giant poster of a show that intrigued me.

Huh.

Kind of a travel hybrid travel comedy show.

You're into hybrid shows?

I'm into anything that is multi- Oh, they love getting a plug from you, Johnny Depp.

Yep.

Sounds like their demo exactly.

Well, I noticed that I was good friends with one of the hosts.

Really?

You don't have to say which one.

Actually, I recognize both of them from parties and get together.

There's in my home and hotel rooms.

Yeah, I saw the two guys.

We're talking about John Gabers, long-out comedian and his friend Adam Pallyas.

Yeah, those guys had a lot of skull rings on.

I think I'm going to hang out.

I was having a crazy night with Adam Pally.

And it was me, Adam Pally.

Yes, you said that.

Me, Adam Pally.

Sure.

Yep.

Gary Phoenix.

He's the Phoenix brother that is less talked about.

This river, Wacky.

Oh, oh, oh.

All right, sure, Gary.

He's a competitive eater.

Yes.

He's the coolest competitive eater.

Those vegan hot dog eating contest.

I've never seen anything like it.

Yeah.

Swallows.

Does that give me an advantage to them not being me?

To be on.

Yes.

You just swallow them.

It's beyond or is it impossible?

Are we talking meat alternatives or adjectives describing the competition?

Honestly, I don't know any more, Mr. Gabers.

I think you're drinking too much red wine.

Yeah, you've gone through four bottles since you've sat down.

They're mega, they're mega pints, Scott.

I think you know, they're just bottles.

Nope.

That's what a bottle is also referred to as a mega pint in England.

You should not be drinking this much.

And can you stop smoking?

Who is to say these are clothes.

That's even worse.

I'm not smoking this.

Oh, that's been you.

I thought one of my smoke bombs went on.

You have smoke bombs.

Why do you have smoke bombs?

You have smoke bombs.

You just bays for my camera filter.

Oh, yeah.

Get a little depth.

Yeah.

You should be working for new headshots.

I'm going to hook you up, man.

Actually, I'm looking for someone.

Can you fight the night wolf?

Because you probably will get a picture of it.

I would love to.

Is there a script?

Because I would take a look.

Hey, yes.

You should play the night wolf.

Well, that's a bad idea.

I'm pretty hot right now.

Plus, I'm getting sued by Kevin Hart over his night wolf movie, which is coming out, which I have no relation to.

Yeah, you've been on the show for years now doing the night wolf.

I thought that came out already.

I will see.

I mean, I can't believe Kevin Hart is making a movie.

That's crazy.

Anyway, my...

It seems so unlike him.

Anyway, it doesn't seem to be in his interests.

My dance card is open.

Yeah, I mean, look.

When he asks if there's a script, just say yes.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Good idea, Scott.

Well, all of you don't know how to act around Johnny.

Everyone trousers off and let Johnny wear all of them.

Johnny, you're Johnny.

Do you want to wear our clothes?

You can use them as scarves if you want.

You're my one.

CW post, swimming and diving sweatpants.

Johnny, now you've got the most amount of trousers on, which means you're my leader.

Or do anything for you, Johnny.

You want to team up?

If your dance card's open, we can make a new type of water together.

You could do me a favor and pull.

This sweater vest has like 11 ticks on it.

Oh, shit.

For real?

God damn it.

You knew that's mine.

You knew I was sick with something.

I got friggin' lime disease.

You want me to know come out again?

Yes, please.

Bam, bam, bam.

Oh, and the ticks.

Okay, I got to make an announcement.

I just looked up who Johnny Depp was on my phone because I knew I was back.

Oh, you didn't know who I recognized you from somewhere?

A lot of news stories about you lately.

I'm in the press.

Yeah, you're doing a fourth pirate.

Yeah.

It's a lot like a small crew on a travel show.

Well, when I said pirates, I totally understood the reference.

Yeah.

It's different than the last couple of movie's.

This one's about a small crew.

Small crew in their hybrid travel family show.

Yeah, I was going to say, I mean, you've been in the news a lot, and even though you won your case, people...

Gold medal.

I won the gold.

Although now there's a...

And I had it filtered down to a tooth.

I read right before you came in here that they may be throwing it out because one of the jurors is not who they said they were.

Is that so?

Yes.

You're hearing this for the first time.

I have not heard that.

That is important news.

That is bad news for you.

There's bad news for you.

Good news in general for society.

I guess so.

I got something to say that other juror was my...

Bethany!

I went there and I'll tell them, I'm Bethany water bottle.

And they believed me.

And then I fought for Johnny's freedom.

How do I love him so much?

Why the hell do you change your voice like that?

That's amazing.

Is that what you need for today?

I don't know.

I can't do that.

I'm going to say the night wolf is fun now.

I would like to learn how to do that as well.

That is impressive.

I would love to learn how to do any voice.

The night wolf is one of the...

I feel trapped sometimes because I really only have this voice.

The night wolf is one of the few superheroes who has that gravelly voice in his personal life as well.

What are you talking about?

I've never met the night of his personal life.

I don't know that.

I would love to trail him.

I would love to do a trailer right along with the night wolf if you could maybe hug me.

I'll see what I can do.

Be careful right along is also a Kevin Hart movie.

You're saying...

You know Jack, you're saying that the night wolf isn't getting a lot of traction.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, no, no.

Just get out of my...

Adam hold him into the...

Johnny only has the best fans.

So if you get Johnny and your movie, only the best people are going to...

And look at his name online in Twitter.

Here's the pitch.

It's me as the night wolf.

I drive around in a Honda Civic.

Oh well, he drives a Pontiac Sunfire if you're down with that.

And what's it say?

It's spray painted on the shot.

I'm not used to throwing things on the trunk of that, but I'll give it a shot.

Okay, great.

And it's me and Paul Bettany.

And we're riding around...

It's Night Wolf and Paul Bettany.

And Paul Bettany.

Paul Bettany.

Okay, great.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And we're driving around in a Batmobile like car.

A Pontiac fire?

Or like a...

Yeah.

The Wolf Oniac Sunfire.

It says Wolfman Mobile on it.

And I think he kind of ran out of space when he was spray painted.

It gets like smaller and smaller.

Yeah.

It really squished Mobile on it.

Yeah.

And they need to put Mobile on it.

And it turns down to the right.

It kind of...

It's over the bumper a little bit.

Maybe they would have known it's automobile.

And then it...

Yeah, thank you.

It's just at Night Wolf on it.

Thank you, Johnny.

We've been interesting if it's at the boat.

Yeah, he should have been there.

I don't think so.

This is the way that your mind works though, Johnny.

I only tell the truth.

Yeah.

The truth's secret.

I don't know.

I know.

I'm bull going him.

He's a big deal.

He's never...

Wait, you didn't even know who he is?

How about I the only one who knows who Johnny Depp is?

I'm the more of a news guy.

Obviously, definitely you do.

Yeah, I know him from Depp Wall-Bose.

What?

That's right.

And maybe Savage.

He's in crime of Grindelwald.

He disappears into the role though.

Because that's the only...

He disappears from the role too.

He moves in.

My greatest role.

I was nominated for an Academy Award for that part.

I don't think you were.

Yes, I was.

I don't believe you were.

I don't believe I was either.

I mean, he's never done a superhero film.

That's true.

There's a lot of superheroes I could play too.

Yeah, yeah.

I'll hook you up with this.

Silver Surfer maybe.

No, let's do it now.

Well, this is good.

Maybe he's a new Iron Man.

No, he's better.

No, after that Iron Man 3 with the terrible past.

Mrs. Marvel.

She marries Miss Marvel.

Mrs. Marvel?

Captain Marvel is married.

Ooh, maybe it's like a court movie.

And it's like me and Mrs. Marvel are having a high profile before us.

You know Ohio.

They say it right what you know.

Yeah, yeah.

I mean, let's not get Marvel involved because I think they're coming after me.

I think maybe.

Oh, yeah.

No.

Me too.

By the way, Johnny, you should not be saying me too.

Yeah, you actually stay away from that.

You honestly, you're right.

You're right.

Hashtag me too.

No, no.

Okay.

Well, gosh, I don't know.

I do want to also talk about the bummer of last week.

Oh, what happened?

You're doing a bummer of the week feature.

Is that new for comedy, baby?

It's 13th year.

We have Johnny Debs.

I don't know if this is going to stick.

I bet you won't.

All right, but you did us.

I like the idea of pitching it in 2022.

Yeah.

Here comes Johnny Debs.

Bummer of the week.

Rolling.

Sound speeds.

Action.

Even though the American cinema had a comeback with great films like Top Gun and Sonica.

Sonica Hedgehog.

Sonica.

We have a similar accent.

There is an economic downturn coming and I want to warn everybody and say, it's a baby real bummer.

So your bummer of the week is something that's coming?

Look out for it.

Next week, there'll be another.

I'm pretty fun.

If you want a bummer now, Skoll, I can give you one.

I don't know.

Please.

Yeah, I thought my fingers have you but oh give you the taste of it.

Please, please, Bethany.

Don't bully me anymore.

Okay, I'm going to cut.

Let me get another take at it.

How many takes do you normally do in a movie?

Depends you should have an earwig in.

You seem like a one-take guy.

The entire movie.

One-take Johnny.

It's like post pirates too.

I've heard that they ask for more takes.

You post 9-5, you're a one-take guy.

My contract says you get one.

One for me and that's it.

So you're not even one for me, one for you.

One for me, one for Johnny and then we're done.

That's a wrap.

Tail lights by what?

2pm?

Well, you only have me for two hours door to door.

Yep, that's what I thought.

And how far away do you live from the set?

Four and a half hours.

It's my helicopter.

So an hour in, you turn around and just go back home.

I'm shooting on Thursday, I'm going to start on Monday.

All right, well Johnny.

I have how I look up the ride.

It's a transfer.

Free refuel.

Well, I'm very green.

Well, good luck to you Johnny.

I don't know.

I don't know if I need any.

I won't need it.

I've just been awarded a lot of money.

I said you're not, I said you're not.

I said you're not.

I can tell you.

That's a wrap.

Like, that's a goodbye to someone who I think is a good one.

I can tell you right now this character is a good idea.

I said, are you ready right before we start it?

And I said for the Thunderdome, I think I'll be fine.

And how are you feeling now?

Glad it's over.

That was more Johnny after this.

Just Johnny.

All right, look guys, we are running out of time.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

And that is a little something called plug.

I wish you told me what you started in.

Start again.

Pull my hand out.

Watch this shit with you.

Don't try me, don't try me, no!

You can't do it, you can't do it, you can't do it.

Oh, still going.

Watch this shit.

Yeah, okay, that was pluggy, pluggy.

Oh, beers Lee, by beers Lee.

God, okay, yeah.

Let's throw it on again.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You were dancing, you brought out the glow sticks.

Yeah, I don't have all these extra glow sticks from shooting a daylight parody.

Do you have a longer version?

Just welcome.

I don't believe I do, Johnny.

Why did you want to jam over it?

I thought I could.

You're rudimentary guitar.

Some riffs, maybe an A chord or a D chord.

I like to.

Some of the only bands you played with are like Oasis, where like, that's the level you can hang.

Sometimes they lower my guitar.

Interesting.

All right, what do we plug in?

Let's go, first of all, let's go over to Gino.

What do you want to plug, guy?

One of my favorite comedians is shirtless on billboards all around this fucking city.

The one that B Cup's funny guy.

I think it's called 101 places to.

To party.

Yeah, to party.

Yes, that's what it's a party.

Yeah, I think it's Thursday at 10.30 on TrueTV.

And I think even maybe Gabers is in in Praco Jokers in the episode before with his buddy, out of Palette.

Interesting, okay.

The guy whose wife was texting him when I was out in the...

Yeah, eight episodes of that.

Yeah, you're in heaven for the next two months.

I'm going ham.

Thursday nights are fucking self rub and self tug.

That's right.

It's finally must see TV again on Thursdays.

You damn right.

And more pills than Matthew Perry can handle.

I thought you were talking about Cosby when he said pills.

Hey, what's up with this guy now?

Thursday is a pill night.

I can't lose another one.

What happened with Bill?

Well, he signed this table.

All over it.

He was a guest on How did this get made?

Jack first, what do you want to talk about?

Talking about Leonard Part 6?

Jack first.

You know, speaking of that guy with the B-cups, I've always been in this podcast he's on called Action Boys.

Huh.

It's a Patreon podcast.

Pretty damn funny show.

But worth it because they put out time broad.

They put out long episodes.

It's a lot of bang for your bucks, you know.

Good point.

Yeah, I mean, once you hit record...

I know you were a listener.

Well, we'll talk after the show.

Let's talk about some of the cracktakers.

As a matter of fact, I can't.

I kind of got a rush.

Oh, yeah, I got a record selling myself.

Once you hit record, I mean, the costs are sunken at that point.

So it's like you may as well go a long time.

Yeah, just fucking sit in.

Yeah, exactly.

So that... and where can people get this?

Patreon.com slash action boys with a Z.

With a Z.

Like Jack first, with a Z.

Like my name.

Wow, that's cool.

Yeah, that is cool.

Interesting.

Bethany Water bottle.

What do you want to plug?

Oh, I like to plug your mouth of my biscuit.

Oh, shit, why I miss you.

I knew I should have said that.

Oh, but other than that, um...

But for real, the reason I'm here.

I guess jury duty is coming out on Amazon Prime.

Johnny, you might like that.

Jury duty on Amazon, which coincidentally is another river going to get flopped up by the global warming.

Oh, yeah.

But is that the story of you being on Johnny's jury and misrepresenting who you were?

Yes, it's the crazy story about this British girl who's pretending to be Bethany Water bottle.

You're gonna love it.

Unbelievable.

And how do people get this?

It's on Amazon Prime.

It's coming out, saying don't you worry.

Don't keep the trousers on, Scott.

Okay, I wouldn't think it'll be.

That's the first time she asked you to keep your trousers on.

Yeah, I was just...

She flipped the script.

You've earned my respects.

Oh, shit, thank you, Bethany.

Just like Johnny Deck.

Oh, please don't say that.

Johnny, the other thing you have in common with Johnny.

Oh, no.

Johnny, what do you want to say here?

Yes, brother.

You want to plug...

Oh, no, I'm not a brother.

No, what do you want to say, Johnny?

I think oftentimes when we plug, we look forward.

Sometimes it's important to look back.

So I would like to plug a 2015 film Mordecai.

So I myself and the great Paul Bettany.

Trying to get the residuals popping again, Johnny.

I just think it kind of flew under the radar.

It's one of those films that is appreciated on the second or third viewing.

If you're having trouble finding that, there's a new hybrid comedy travel show, a billboard I saw in Sunset, with two of my best friends, Adam Pally and John Gapers.

Oh, my...

I didn't know those guys were your friends.

I knew they famously shit the bed career-wise and literary friends.

Best friends.

They always stay at my house.

Oh, damn.

Oh, man.

Wait, you guys have all shit the bed literally?

Yeah, well, I think it was my dog.

I think it was my dog.

You blamed it on her.

Nevermind.

All right.

Well, I want to be honest about this one.

This one was very...

It was definitely the dog.

Okay.

All right.

That's 101 places to party before you die.

This Thursday on True TV.

Let's see.

What do I want to plug?

We're going out on tour, everyone.

Comedy Bambang's coming to a city near you.

All the month of August.

Come out and see us.

We're going to have so much fun.

It's Paul of Tomkids and myself.

Along with special guests.

And we're putting together the special guests right now.

And I think those are going to be really great shows.

And I am going to break some news here about our openers for the Los Angeles show.

This is the CBB World Show.

This is very special.

I mentioned we had three openers to be announced.

Three opening podcasts.

And they are as follows.

Entre Penure's Entre Penure Tour with Entre Penure, Appetizer Penure, and Parent's Foster.

That's one.

That's one of the three opening podcasts.

Is that group go by a longer name?

We have Hey Randy is going to be opening for us.

That's of course with Randy Snuts.

That's his show.

And we have bananas for Bonanza.

We'll also be opening.

So those are our three openers and then comedy Bambang.

And you want people to tweet at you where you should bring the tour.

Yeah, it's certainly all up in the air at this point.

And I can go to any city.

Okay, great.

Because there's a lot of people who are big fans but don't want to drive more than 90 minutes to see you.

So if you can, you know, just like do it.

Why not do it at their houses?

But we're going to have a lot of fun.

Have you been to Central Bay?

Central Bay?

Johnny, no, I've not been to Central Bay.

Very nice.

Okay, yeah, I'm sure it is for a rich dude who spends $80 million on wine every year.

If I'm a good year.

Yeah, a great year for the wine companies.

Good news.

Burn.

Sorry.

Yeah, you're right.

Take that Joel got.

All right.

But you know, go buy tickets over at CBBWorld.com slash tour and while you're there.

And if I'm having any issues with the website DM Brett Morris about it.

Actually, yes.

Not so many issues anymore.

But yeah, please do.

And while you're there, you can find the full archives and ad free episodes of this show as well as three of them and then CBB presents and Scott hasn't seen and bananas for bananas.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

When do we talk about the movie?

Do we're in real?

Check.

Watch a movie.

Oh, no, no, no, no.

What movie did you watch?

Take one.

Take it out.

Take the other.

We didn't know I watched Ted.

Weirdly enough, I did watch Ted.

I watched Ted.

All right, well, let's get into it.

This fucking bear is a stare at me.

It's so funny.

Anything from Boston.

Yeah.

This person put a lot of work into this reading.

But yeah, Ted is good.

That means one of us.

They should make a second book.

I can't believe they haven't made a second book.

They did make a second book.

Oh, I guess I know what I'm doing this afternoon.

Fuck, I watched Ted too.

I didn't watch Ted one.

I watched Ted too.

Oh, also in here.

I'm playing.

All right.

That was motoring up the pla tag.

Do you have a longer one of those?

Everything's long today.

Motoring up the plug back by tight ginger.

I wasn't going to thank you.

It's your job to be here.

You're only on it.

It's time Scott for you.

Literally you should be here every week.

Can't be that.

You're already vaping.

What's going on?

I got it from Adam Pally.

I understand.

All right.

And Jack Firth's.

Good luck to you, obviously.

Hey, thanks.

I am not feeling great.

Why?

God knocked out twice.

I realized I am lying to disease.

We forgot you were knocked out.

My clothes on right now.

I was never giving my pants back.

I think John F.

Depp is wearing so many scars and bruises all over your body.

Yeah.

The cameraman business is running your body.

Multiple tattoos and wolves.

Yeah.

These are wolves.

Me too.

We have better common me too.

Hashtag me too.

Please don't say that.

Don't be doing that.

Johnny, I don't even know what to say to you.

Good to see you.

Good day, brother.

Good day, my friend.

No, no, no.

For a car accident today, Johnny.

Yeah.

And Bethany water bottle.

Bethany, sorry, bitch.

Bethany, Bethany, yes.

Bethany.

Yeah, sorry for bullying you, Scott.

I think I got to change your heart, didn't I?

That's so nice.

Yeah.

Bethany, I think I'm going to come and scream right.

Oh, really?

It does seem easy once you watch.

It does.

Like anyone could do it.

Alright, we'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.
