---
layout: page
title: 766. Howard Kremer, Brett Morris, Will Hines, Jacob Wysocki [62d481ee21055c00139ffdb4].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

From left to right in front of back, I dry my bits from tip to sack.

Welcome to comedy bang bang.

And thank you also to fart Blartfunkle for that catchphrase submission.

Tricked me into saying his catchphrase and his actual username.

Thank you fart Blartfunkle.

Oh my god, I can't even say it.

Welcome to comedy bang bang for another week.

We have a great show.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

Coming up on the show a little later, we have a hobbyist.

We also have a locomotist.

Oh, that's exciting.

I don't believe I've ever had a locomotist on this show before.

Let's ask about from the engine to the gaboos and everything in between.

Dining car, quiet car.

So many cars, first class, business class.

So much to talk to the locomotist about, but before we get to them a little later in the show, we have a very special edition of comedy bang bang this week.

We are taking it back.

We are taking it a little, little bit old school.

We're here on the show and having one of our earliest guests on the show.

I didn't do any research to find out exactly what number was his.

I'm going to do that while I'm talking, see if I can talk and look up things at the same time.

But I know he was on in the first year several times and because I remember him being at the radio station where we used to take this in the first year.

And the first episode that he was on was episode six.

No.

Episode six.

I was thinking I was going to be in the 30s.

Wow.

No, six.

You're so early and now you are the most recent guest.

How does that feel?

I would say you have the.

You have the most episodes in between your first and last.

Currently you hold the record.

I would imagine.

Other than me.

Well, was there any in between that?

In between six and this one right now?

No.

We just skipped over the next seven.

Hey, it's great to be here.

No matter the show.

I've been introduced to you.

Oh.

You know him as he.

You know him, of course, as a stand of comedian in his own right, he was the and I read an interesting article about this one of the stars of Austin stories on MTV back in the day, an oral history of which just came out recently.

He is, of course, the host of one of the longest running comedy podcasts in existence.

Like a second only to mine, maybe and perhaps part of part of course really because WTF is after me.

You might have gotten in there.

No, I was.

You were first.

You can still talk.

Just don't like start on your big like thing that you were like all prepared to do.

I went to Marin.

I go, how do you do this?

And he started saying, Libson and all this stuff.

And then you started your thing.

You started.

Libson, by the way, is a liberated syncopation.

Is that what it's?

I never had any idea.

It confused me enough to stay away from it.

And then you swooped and you were like, Hey, I got this say or I heard you.

I performed this swoop.

Yeah.

And it was just so much easier.

I just called you from Dragon Manor and we arranged a pilot.

And yes, and I remember early, early even ideas for what the show could be.

I recall that, but you know him as the host of the aforementioned.

I didn't mean aforementioned, but I did the cadence of who charted.

Please welcome Howard Kramer.

Hello, everybody.

And to your right, we have your co-host with the Mo Most on who charted the current co-host.

Of course, the first co-host was my ex-girlfriend, of course.

Please has the longest streak on who charted.

I'm not doing the show.

Between now and the last time.

You know him as producer extraordinaire over there at CBB World as well.

And he is the co-host of who charted.

Please welcome to the show.

May for the first time, I don't even know.

Brad Morris, hello.

All right.

Well, you don't remember my first time.

What was it for Mr. Heavenly?

Oh, that's right.

You are a guitarist for the band, Mr. Heavenly.

The bassist, yeah.

That's what I mean.

The bass is a guitar, is it not?

Less true.

A bass guitar, less drinks.

But you're such a good guitarist.

Why wouldn't they just say, because they just need a bassist?

Everyone needs a bassist.

Kids out there, if you're starting a band or starting to learn a musical instrument, learn the bass.

It's the entry-level position of rock.

It truly is.

Everything else is too hard.

Is that true, Brett?

That's true.

Learn bass or drums.

They're much more in demand.

Yeah, but drums are too hard to learn.

I'm saying bass is like you could pick it up in an afternoon.

Yeah, I guess so.

Yeah.

Hello, Brett.

Or you could learn like...

I'm done with this.

...the United States guitar.

Okay.

So it's like four strings.

All right.

I was done about a sentence ago.

Okay.

How are you?

Good to see you.

How are you?

Good to see you.

How are you?

Good to see you.

How are you?

Great to see you.

Absolutely.

Who charted...

There's big news in Who Chartedville.

Yes, we have been liberated.

We're back from behind.

Speaking of liberated syncopation.

Hey, oh.

What's the sin?

Libs.

The sin is that we were behind a pay wall hidden.

Yeah.

And now we're out and yeah, head on over to the chart bar.

We've got...

Have we explained this properly?

Okay.

No.

So here's what...

I was throwing it back.

We're already in how to get this product.

We've skipped over many things.

Okay.

Tell us the history of Who Charted.

We talked about it a little bit before when Earwolf came about a year into this podcast's recording.

We were looking for shows and you were one of our first shows and I talked to you because...

Yeah, you had a Jerry Minor in the Sculars.

Yes, that's right.

And you.

And I said, what do you want to do as a show?

And several ideas were batted back and forth.

I remember one particular name and co-host that was batted back and forth.

Really?

I'll tell you that off air.

Yeah.

And then...

I thought this was the idea.

I didn't know there was another one.

There what?

Oh, maybe it was the...

No, I think there was another idea.

I'll tell you about that afterwards.

But then you came up with the idea of basing...

Who Charted is essentially?

You take the week's charts, the pop music charts, the top movie charts.

They can be any kind of charts and you do a talk show about pop culture, what's going on in the world, and you use that to spin the proverbial straw, which is the charts, into gold, which is comedy.

Is that correct?

Modern day rumble stillskin.

Wow, thank you for that.

Wow, reference.

Now that you've said it that way, I don't think I could perform the show.

I just thought we were talking about every place I was in between.

No, the idea was to do a countdown so that the show would have forward momentum.

I think counting down from counting from one to five or one to nothing, there's no momentum to it.

But it's like Casey case them.

If you start, you're heading towards one, you're always going somewhere.

So you say counting from zero to five, it's not a show.

It doesn't have forward momentum.

It has a fist.

That's it.

That's pushing the rock uphill.

Right, so but counting down from five to one, whoa, suddenly you got something.

Yeah, Jim Morrison knew that.

And so you have guests on the show.

For a while, the show, your co-host was my ex-girlfriend, the widow Hal Lap.

I was wondering if you guys were still in touch.

We still talk occasionally.

And she was the co-host for a while.

And then at around 500 episodes or something, she left.

I can't recall.

Yeah, some huge numbers.

I mean, she did.

She put it in a long stretch.

Long stretch.

She was there.

She did a nickel at least.

Yeah.

And then she's taken a well deserved hiatus.

Hiatus, you call it.

All right.

I'll let her know that.

Well, you know, it never say never.

And all kinds of paths cross and unexpected things happen.

But she was there.

She was interwoven, the fabric of the show.

Then I guess we went separate ways.

And then Natasha.

You have no right to ask me how I feel now that we're living separate lives.

That would have been number two on the countdown in 1985.

From the movie White Nights, Phil Collins.

And Marilyn McCoo?

No, not Marilyn McCoo.

Was that gosh, don't know.

She never did anything else with separate lives.

Can I be your cohost is what I'm trying to ask?

I love that.

Let's keep it in the family.

Do it.

Just family.

Not your family.

So you did the show.

You've been doing the show now for 12 years?

12 years.

We say we have a 12 year old.

We had a 12 year old to keep alive.

Yeah.

And you've been doing it for a long time.

And your fortunes have risen.

Your fortunes have faded.

And over the past couple of years, the show has been behind a paywall.

And inaccessible to a wider audience.

Joe Lunchpal.

Yeah, exactly.

Like the plumbers and the custodial workers of the world have been unable to access this due to the high barrier of $5 a month.

Well, I think it's also a technical barrier.

I think it's just good that the industry erects barriers.

What about Joe?

What about Joe the plumber?

Joe.

Yeah.

He probably has never listened in the past couple of years.

He's intimidated by the sign up and the wait time and just tech in general.

So, but the recent announcement is that as of a week or so ago, who charted is back for free, accessible to everyone.

The entire archives are out there.

And anyone can listen to the show on a weekly basis now for free.

It is back.

Get your subscription lapse if you have kind of just said, nah, that show.

I don't even know where it is anymore.

It is back.

It is easily findable.

How can people find this?

Easily.

It's on all the apps, all the pod apps.

Apple.

You got Spotify.

Really?

Apple.

Spotify?

No, not Spotify.

Spotify too.

What?

What if I told you even Stitcher?

What?

Still had it, but it's on the free part of Stitcher.

Whoa.

You got it behind the paid board for a long time.

And then you got this.

And now they're forced to have it on their free.

Right.

You're making a bed for it like a dog.

Then you got those weird other apps.

You got pocket casts, you got Google.

It's a second tier.

Yeah, a second tier definitely.

But it's out there now and anyone can listen to it.

You had your first free episode back with the very first guest on the show, right?

Yes, Steve Aji.

That's right.

I'm going to show you one episode.

So one, one, every one episode.

Two, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, seven, seven, seven.

He even did the pilot.

Remember that?

That's right.

When it was 10 chart.

Oh, yeah.

Way too long as I recall.

That was what a three hour episode or something because we were trying to get them down from 10.

Those are the two notes who was cut the 10 down to five and actually play the songs because we weren't sure that we could even be.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

You were just describing songs.

Yeah.

So it's just all counting.

It's just talking and all right, here's the time.

Try not to use the word the ever.

Yeah.

You didn't stick to that one, but.

So Steve Aji, Steve Aji is the first guest back and you're back on top.

Any new features on the show?

What's been happening in the show for the past couple of years that people have fallen off of it?

Well, behind the paywall, we didn't really have new features.

You're just kind of staying consistent, putting it out the solid show every week.

That's a great way to put it.

Staying consistent instead of getting bored with it and letting it be stale.

Staying consistent.

That's a great way to do this.

That's what I like to think I do with this show.

Getting bored with it is generous.

It was just a contempt for doing the show that the fight throws.

It's just one of the great accomplishments of my career.

Yeah.

So now that we're back free, we've added another barrier.

We've added another show that you could climb over the barrier to get.

Okay.

And that's two charted, which we also used to do with.

You used to do it as a stitcher exclusive as well.

No, it was free for a while as well.

So two charted is the companion show.

Yes.

Two who charted and what is the difference in that show?

It's a little bit more loose.

We're commenting on things going on.

We're answering personal matters or disgust.

Is that true?

It's kind of like keeping it personal.

Yeah, we do.

We get a little shout outs.

Actually, the truth is after we record who charted, Howard and I would always naturally just stay online and talk for half an hour or whatever.

Spill the two.

And now you want to charge for it?

Yeah.

Why are we wasting all these words?

Is there gossip that you guys can do?

We just let slip.

We've taken these pesky songs and movie countdowns out of it.

We got a hell of a show here.

Yeah, exactly.

Some people prefer two charted to who charted.

Yeah, they do.

All they do charted is great, of course.

It's after dark.

It's not suitable.

It's a little more blue.

Yeah.

And we also take listener emails.

After dark about like in the summer, it's about 8.30 p.m.

but you know, once daylight savings rolls around, it's maybe 5 p.m. is when it is.

Right on.

Yeah.

You know, comes about four.

We do record it about sunset.

You do, really?

You're trying to get golden hour for example.

Yeah, yes.

Yes.

The lighting is just exceptional.

But yeah, we take listener emails as well, which are, they've been suitable.

You take them meaning you read them out loud or you just receive them.

Yeah.

We read them silently.

We continue our conversation.

No, we answer questions.

We read feedback for the first time in a decade.

Wow.

It's not a closed loop anymore, Scott.

We're not just broadcasting it to the voice.

So you're listening to the listeners now, which is like a turn about as fair play in a lot of ways.

Yeah, we're doing a new thing.

We're going to open with catch phrases, suggest by the listeners.

Hey, wait a second.

I like that, by the way.

Oh, thank you so much.

So now this is separate.

Of course, who charted it is now for you for everyone to listen to.

But describe what is going on because you've started an actual subscription model as well, right?

That's right.

We just got liberated from a paywall.

So we started our own.

In addition to the free episode every week, we have the chartmart, we call it.

You go to whochartedpod.com.

You enter the chartmart.

It's much like CBB World.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

That's what we came up with.

You're just cloning.

Right.

It's almost like, I learned something like building CBB World and now I'm applying it somewhere else.

Yeah, that's a good way to put it.

CBB who learned how to walk and now you're here.

Right.

But we have three tiers.

We have new entry.

We have three tiers.

He's here.

It sounds like my uncle went and got out of prison.

Those tattoos?

Three tiers.

I don't know what it is.

You seem like you come from a dangerous squad.

Don't I?

The Orange County crew.

We have new entry.

You get the whole archive of who charted.

And this is, it must be over 700 episodes.

Is that right?

Yeah.

12 times 56.

Yeah.

That's solid math.

And we also have preemstream back there and old two charted.

Preemstream was a show that you were doing for a while.

Yeah, it was new angles on old music.

We'd bring in old songs and discuss angles so we hadn't heard before and use them in new ways.

That's all back there as well.

Yeah.

If you become a heat seeker, which is the second tier.

Or a chart topper, which is the third tier.

You like these names?

I do.

I know she didn't run these by me because I could have like, you know, helped out with them.

Yeah.

These are great names.

I'm just saying like who came up with the name who charted.

Scott Ochrewe.

That's right.

It felt like I, like, you know, you could have come to me like, you know.

Oh, I see like the godfather of the day of my granddaughters wedding.

Well, yeah, heat seeker chart topper, you get all of two charted and you get preemstream, which is this amazing bonus show we did like over a hundred episodes.

And we like Howard said, we would examine old music.

He would have these clever ways of presenting it or presenting like a new through life.

We did like fin Lizzy songs that sound like they're medieval.

Like it was like wild.

We did songs that lot that started out amazing and then would go veer off on the wrong path halfway through.

Is this Layla?

Layla is one of them.

Really?

Joan in love journey.

Joan in love is a great.

Stone in love.

Oh, interesting.

Every part of the song should be a radio classic.

Yeah.

And then suddenly a bizarre move in the middle of it where it just starts meandering.

There's a lot of other mess.

But we even did some like character based episodes, Howard would come in as Willie Nelson into my studio.

My real right.

There he is now.

Oh, hey, great to be back.

That's great.

Thank God I never did the episode where I played a Julio Iglesias.

God, if that were still on the internet and suddenly available to pass.

Oh my God.

Thank goodness.

So all of that is available.

I mean, it's a really great time to listen all the old episodes, but you're making new classics.

I mean, this is this is you're one of the OGs here.

This is time to dip the toe back in definitely feels good.

You know, we call ourselves the show that built your wolf.

To get this recognition from you.

It feels guilty.

And then kind of you came in what six months after?

Okay.

But all right.

There was there was nothing but an oil portrait of the scar brothers.

Like that was the company.

That was our first thing that we had.

It really was spent all the money.

They've been to this face and the only other thing was that scar brothers oil painting.

Oh, it's on their lap.

I'd say they have one lap between them.

Speaking of lap, Koolop is of course on all of these old episodes.

So if people are a fan or fans of hers, you can hear all of her old stuff.

And you know, it's just a great little corner and a little nook in the internet over there.

What's been going on for the past 12 years?

I mean, a regular dozen of these years you've been in the game.

And I mean, you're one of the, I mean, Howard, you're a groundbreaker.

How does that feel?

Um, why'd you go under this?

This is like Tom Sawyer at his own funeral.

It's a literary reference.

Sorry, I know you don't count down books on the show.

We actually did try that once in year two.

Ken Follett doesn't put out enough stuff that we could really have interesting books to talk about all the time.

It feels good.

We do kind of examine things through a lens over there that I don't see in other places.

We really dig deep a lot of times into song craft and just different trends that are going on.

And it feels good to have an outlet to do that.

And it feels good that people have stuck by it and are excited to get back to it.

I mean, you're both musicians yourself.

So you know what you're talking about when you talk about music.

I mean, I know, at least Brett does.

And you're a rapper, but like the bass player of the rest.

It's just loops, man.

Game music.

Well, who charted pod.com is where you can get the subscription service.

But who chart is just available anywhere just to like throw your phone in the air and suddenly, you know, a million episodes will come down and rain down upon you like God's wrath and judgment.

Who's that?

People who actually haven't even heard the free show for a while might be surprised.

The third chart now is called the hot picks.

Whoa, what is this?

So we pitch our own five songs that we like like current songs that you like right now.

Yeah, that we think, you know, beat out the billboard chart or the Apple chart.

Hey, oh, hot picks.

This is kind of a this is not this.

We report on the charts.

The show is faithfully just whatever the charts are.

With this chart, we start to curate.

God.

Wow.

This is incredible.

And even though you are talking about the week in which you're recording, the there are so many subplots and personal matters discussed over the show that the older episodes are they are kind of talking about things that were of the time.

But the character arcs and the storylines that bleed through and blend through are very interesting.

Often, often we just start interviewing Howard basically me and the guest.

Right.

What he just said.

Things happen.

But it is, I recommend even listening to it out of order, but it's worth going back to those.

But even if you start now and then head back in a pulp fiction is esque type.

Well, yeah, I mean, when we also have pulp fiction, we were like, wait a minute.

Why is this guy on the toilet?

I thought he was dead.

Can a dead man be on a toilet?

And I ran out of the theater screaming and saying this movie, they changed the reels on this movie.

We need to get these back in order.

And I refuse to see it for another 30 years.

And here we are.

It's one of the glaring gaps in your pot in between seeing the beginning of full vision and the end.

Yeah, what happened in that middle, but it can be an enjoyable way to listen to something.

Well, who charted pod.com is where you can go for all of the tears, but who charted is just out there anywhere you want on any podcast service that you can imagine.

And even ones you can't imagine.

That's how just you're covering it out there.

You're sending it to things that people have not even conceived yet.

Yeah, metaverse areas.

Yeah.

Have you staked out your little portion of the metaverse yet?

I haven't bought any land, but we're squatting.

Yeah.

Got a couple of coins.

Who charted out there right now?

I give it my highest recommendation.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you so much.

Have you back on if schedule allows who's yours or mine?

Who should we have back on?

Scott or cool up first?

Yeah, great question.

I'll go back on.

Although I understand when your first episode when, you know, of rebranding the show, you don't want to get people the wrong idea.

Like she's going to be there every single episode because she has her own, of course, add to chart or add to cart.

Oh, wait a minute.

Dr. Freud, I'm ready for my appointment.

The content to cart pod.com.

No, who charted pod.com.

God, what is happening?

CVVworld.com is what we really want to talk about here.

We need to take a break if that's okay, but I do want to ask you about Austin stories when we on the other side of this, when we come back, we're going to have a hobbyist and a locomotist.

And by the way, they are not the same person.

This person's hobby is not locomotives.

This locomotist doesn't do it as a hobby.

These are two separate guests we have.

We'll be right back with more Howard Kramer.

More Brett Morris, we'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

We have Howard Kramer here of Who Charted as well as Brett Morris of Who Charted and Howard, I teased it before the break, but a really fascinating oral history of Austin stories just came out.

You participated in this, did you not?

Yes, I was around in a couple of the shots.

No, I mean in the oral history.

Oh, I see.

It's not an unauthorized oral history where they talked to people about the show, but the stars said, nah, I don't want to be on record about this.

No, no, we were on board.

Austin monthly magazine is the outfit and they had a guy, you know.

So they put out 12 a year and they devoted one of the 12 issues, a little portion of it to Austin stories.

Yes.

With honor.

Yeah, it was a big honor.

And people weighed in, you know, reading the, you know, I was there for it.

I had my own point of view, but you know, what was Austin stories?

It was an MTV show back in 1996.

1997.

Yeah.

Unscripted comedy, single camera, scripted comedy on MTV with no laugh track.

And followed you and Chip Pope and Laura House were the main stars of it.

Yes.

And then slackers in Austin.

Yeah.

And it was on at the same time as like Darla and.

Dar, we were, wait, what were we before?

I think we were after Daria.

Yeah, same era.

Daria.

Darla is the girl from the little basketball.

Oh, that's right.

Yes.

She was in love with buckwheat.

Lady who lived in my building.

Edith, she was the original Darla in the pilot.

She lost that job to the girl that we know as Darla.

Oh, God.

Was she upset about that?

Yeah.

It was like she was a very old lady.

This was 20 years ago, but he was like, wow, this, this town has been breaking hearts for years.

Yeah.

And it, and we'll continue to do so.

Well, yeah.

As long as I'm one of the gatekeepers.

Hey, yeah.

You've denied so many people, crushed so many lives and.

That's what comedy bay makes all that.

Midnight train to Georgia is just full because of you.

People leave in Hollywood.

But that, it was a cool thing to read the Austin stories, oral history.

Oh, you rather thank you so much.

Mainly because.

My name was in it.

Yeah.

Well, I get a Google alert for you.

No, but, but that show was, was so fun.

And it was cold to hear the behind the say, I hadn't, I mean, I've talked to you a little bit about it, but not in that much depth.

I would be embarrassed to talk to you about that in that much depth.

Yeah.

I was just a nerd.

Yeah.

I learned a lot myself, you know, just seeing so many different.

I mean, we featured music from the band Spoon before they were big in there and just they weighed into just getting their angles on it and just everybody really, really, I opened it.

I didn't realize how much because I read the article too.

I learned a lot.

Thank you.

I didn't realize how much that was just basically a documentary of your life in Austin at that point.

Yeah.

You're talking to Howard right now, not me, right?

That was pointing straight at you, but I was like.

Yeah.

No, I mean, a groundbreaking show and only survived one season.

Is that correct?

Because, because suddenly singled out came around or shows like that where they, or the TRL and stuff like that.

Basically, there was a regime change to where this guy, Brian Grading, came in and he's the one who ushered in, yeah, in sync and Britney Spears and all that.

Yeah.

Well, the culture changed and I mean, the 90s were no longer the 90s anymore.

Yes.

But all those shows that you're worse to have in the dark.

It's quite brothers.

They also had a show that you're a part two F.

Oh, I was it because there's two of them.

I thought they just double their apartment.

So was Austin's stories there during kind of the swing era of the 90s?

Which swing?

You know, swingers and the Voodoo Daddy and all that.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Brian Setzer had like a small window time.

Yeah.

But you guys did, I mean, he's had a large window.

He started out with the stray cats.

I'm not quite sure where he made them.

But then he went away a little bit.

No, wait, this is not who charted.

It does Christmas CDs.

Yeah.

It's so sad when artists just only put up Christmas CDs.

It's it gives us saxophone playing friend work.

But a great time in MTV history.

It was interesting to read and, you know, congrats to you.

I mean, Howard, you've had such an incredible career.

Thank you.

So many interesting nooks and crannies head on over to Austin.

And crannies who live in your apartment building.

Oh, I miss her.

Check out.

You moved away.

What happened?

Fuck.

We picked her up and took off.

But we were that heavenly harp.

Yeah.

Head on over to Austin Monthly.com.

Check out the oral history of Austin stories.

You can pick on down there or maybe you just pick up your phone.

Come on down.

Y'all make a day trip to Austin to go read this article.

But the town has changed quite a bit since then.

It's now Elon Musk, Joe Rogan type of place.

I wonder what it would be like for us to go back to revisit.

To do Austin stories now and see what these characters are up to.

Yes, Austin's changed.

They have it.

Q theme.

Interesting.

Thank you.

What was the theme song again?

It was 16 deluxe.

Da, da, da, da.

Great.

Da, da, da.

We used local music.

That's right.

Spoon.

Yeah, you keep mentioning Spoon reminds me of that comedian who used to people shout out a band names Adam and he would give the other band name that was the perfect pairing to it.

That sounds like a good bit.

Yeah, it was like someone would go, nine inch nails and he'd go MC Hammer.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Who would pair with Spoon?

Cake maybe or you don't really eat cake with a spoon.

Boiling for soup.

Throughout another, Brad, what's another band?

We'll try to do this ourselves.

James addiction.

The cure.

Morphe.

Oh, oh, Morphe.

It's good.

Yeah, the cure is better maybe.

It's not a competition between you and me.

All right, we need to get to our next guest.

Led Zeppelin.

Hot air balloons.

I have no idea.

I'm just in making up a band names now.

We need to get to our next guest.

He is a hobbyist.

We've talked about this.

You guys have hobbies?

Okay.

Never mind.

All right.

So in the minute I said, let's get to our next guest.

You guys checked out.

Good to know.

All right.

I'm on my own.

Okay, here we go.

Let's bring him on.

He is a hobbyist.

Please welcome him.

He reaches him.

Hey, thanks for having me.

It's great to have me so much.

Great.

So you can just turn to me.

These guys aren't interested, I guess.

Yeah, they've already checked out.

I can see them zoning out.

I have a pitch for the pairing for Led Zeppelin.

Is helium a band?

Is that a band?

I hope so.

Okay, let's say this.

You're starting a new band as an answer?

Yeah, I'm founding a new band and saying that they would be the good pairing for an answer.

I don't want to jump up.

What's another band?

How about less than Jake?

More than Jake.

More than us.

Better than Ezra.

Yeah.

Less than Jake and better than Ezra.

Yeah, although it's better and worse would pair together more and less.

It's acrimatically good, but you know, for the slang, for the slang.

Off the top of your head?

So I give it a B plus.

Yeah, give it a B plus.

Yeah.

One more band.

What about the last segment?

How about Black Crows?

White Stripes.

No, but White T.

White's Lion.

White Lion.

Nice.

The Black Crows.

Nicely done.

Yes.

Wait.

Do you really want us to wait or are you serious?

I'm afraid I'm not too familiar with our discography.

Who did Safety Dance Men Without Hats?

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

And then the habodashros.

The...

W.A.

I don't even want to say.

Yes, that's true.

Beastie Boys.

What?

Beastie Boys.

Okay.

But yeah.

Boys...

No.

Well, if it was Boys Two Men Men Without Hats, you'd have to kind of work with it.

The Men Without Hats, people aren't focusing on the men part of that group band name.

The Hats is the star.

What's that men band?

Welcome to the show, Huey.

Great to meet you.

Hey.

First of all, that's one of the things.

Hey.

Focus up here.

Eyes on me.

Yeah.

I believe that you had already checked out too.

Okay.

No, I'm in now.

I'm pushing my chips to the center of the table on this interview.

I'm betting big on this.

This is...

I'm going to predict it right now.

Number one episode in the countdown.

You're familiar with Countdown's Howard.

Coming in at number one.

Number one.

Wow.

That's the kind of faith I need from a host.

Yeah.

No.

I'm in a talk show situation.

I need to believe the host is invested.

You got the goods.

I know it and I want to hear what you have to say.

What are you here to talk about?

First of all, you're a hobbyist, which leads me to believe that you have a particular hobby you want to talk about.

Before I talk about that, I just want to say thanks for having me on because I got brought on last minute.

I've been trying for a while to get booked on the show and it's a long list and it's a high demand.

I have a list of people that I need to contact two weeks in advance and I have a list of people that I can give a quick...

I got the shout out pretty last minute and I ran over and I'm glad for it.

That's not a complaint by the way.

I'm grateful for it.

No.

I mean, it seems like a backhanded complaint.

A little bit.

There's a little bit of negative energy attached to this.

I don't think so at all.

It's not entirely positive, but go ahead.

I appreciate the invitation no matter how thrown together and panicked and desperate it was.

An invitation is an invitation.

Nothing passive aggressive about it.

I'm glad to be on the show because I'm a hobbyist and I want to advocate for my hobby.

Okay, so great.

That leads me to say what it is.

Okay.

That's probably a pretty good idea to say.

We're circling back around to my question.

That's correct.

That's probably getting back to you.

Okay, let's hear it.

I am into in a major way ships in bottles.

Okay.

The classic old...

The classic old.

Make a model ship.

You collapse it.

You slide it into a bottle you want to cut it.

Who's that?

How is it?

I assumed you had to make it inside the bottle itself.

Oh, no.

Or build a bottle around a ship.

I suppose you could, but I think that's what you want people to think.

Isn't that some of the whimsy about it?

You see the ship in the bigger part of the bottle, certainly not the neck.

No, no, no, you see it in the bigger part.

And then you go, well, that couldn't have fit through the neck.

How did you ever see a ship in a bottle?

I've seen one sail in, but it didn't stay that long.

What does that mean?

How much of that sentence did you listen to before you started answering?

You saw a ship in a bottle sailing into the harbor?

A harbor in a bottle?

I saw a ship sailing through a bottle.

Didn't like it.

Oh, it went down.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

This is too confining.

I thought maybe when you listen to sentences, you just edit out the parts that don't make sense and then you answer the edited version.

Right.

No, Howard doesn't have a brain like that.

He has a normal brain.

Well, Scott, you're absolutely right.

Yeah.

The ship in a bottle transfixes people.

People look at it, they're like, how did that happen?

How did it happen?

One of the few hobbies that you can look at the results of which, and be befuddled.

You have no idea where it came from.

Yeah.

Say that may be falling magic.

Oh, okay.

I was going to say your name on a piece of rice.

Yeah.

How did that happen?

Or how about when they flattened the pennies and it was like an impression of like the quaint tower on it up in San Francisco or something?

Well, I mean, that's just a machine that you put the penny in.

For me, it really set me for a loop.

When I saw one of those, I was really knocked my socks.

Maybe I would say the other hobby that, and it's maybe it's more of a job, is the drawing things in the foam in cappuccinos, you know?

I mean, it's like, oh, yeah.

How did that happen?

That's artisans.

Are they paid to do that?

Or is that a hobby while they're being paid to do their normal job?

I don't know how that breaks down.

First time it happened to me, I thought it was an accident.

Really?

Yeah.

It was like a tree.

I was like, hey, this guy looks like a tree.

It was like getting a Dorito that looks like Jesus Christ.

Yeah.

I was like, look at this.

And he's like, yeah, I did that.

It's like, oh, why?

Are you paid?

Yeah.

Or is this a hobby for you?

But anyway, I consider that to be a bit of a hobby.

Foam drawing, is that what they call it?

That's what I call it.

Okay.

Yeah, foam drawing.

I guess I'm asking for more of the official.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

But you just expect everyone on your show to have just an...

No, I expect everyone to have a bottomless.

I expect everyone to have like a...

Not bottomless, certainly, but wider than normal.

You know, I'm dropping this down to number two.

Yeah.

I keep me updated.

Okay.

I either want to be number one.

I'm going to fight my way back after number one or go all the way to the bottom.

I want a band episode.

Could be.

Sometimes it's surprising what's down there at the bottom.

I think I've experienced both when I've listened.

I've never been on the show before.

So, shipping a bottle, I'm fascinated by it.

I'm advocating for it.

Do you like ships in general?

Do you like...

You know, weirdly I don't.

Have you ever been on one?

Yes, I was in the Navy.

You were in the Navy?

Yes, I was in the Navy.

I was a lost youth in high school and it was recommended to me that the military might like straighten me out.

What was your rank?

Do you think structure Ensign?

Ensign, really.

All the way up there.

All the way up?

Yeah.

That's the...

I was fighting my way up to Ensign.

I was sub Ensign, which is a new rank for like the interns and the unpaid Ensigns.

Right.

And then I fought my way up to Ensign.

You ever have shore leave?

Sure I had shore leave.

Yeah, I love it.

Do you want to do...

Were you on a boat or were you on like a naval base or like...

I was on a boat.

Yeah, I had a tour on a boat.

You know, I think the top gun people there in the Navy, are they not?

Yeah, that's a Navy.

Weird because you would think they'd be in the Air Force or...

You'd think to be in the Air Force, yeah.

But those are Navy guys.

Yeah.

You ever see any of those top gunners?

Like in real life?

Oh, when I...

I guess I don't mean the movies.

Although have you seen those all follow up?

Have you seen those two?

I have seen the top gunners by which you mean the movies.

And when I served in the Navy, I saw some top gunners like people who worked in aircraft carriers.

Yeah, yeah, I saw those.

I don't consider them to be the top gunners.

The guy who was just working on the...

Here's my other question about top guns.

Okay.

So you've seen the new one you say?

Yes, Maverick.

Yeah.

So I love it because I'm...

I'm finally Tom Cruise doesn't lose.

Yeah.

Good.

Finally one where he comes out on top.

You go see his personal enclave, right?

Where he has sort of a shrine and a bunch of mementos, a bunch of pictures.

Yes.

And a lot of pictures you go like, oh, I can see where that was saying, oh, that's a candid photo.

That's a candid photo.

And then there are pictures of the last scene of the first top gun.

Yes.

Which was a top secret mission.

Yes.

And everyone...

And a plane could have crashed on this boat.

Yeah.

Who invited the professional still photographer to capture these moments?

That's a great question.

And to ask someone who works in the Navy, I'll tell you, they photograph all that stuff.

They do.

They get a posterity.

They're like, if this works and this mission ends up being a big deal, we want to record that.

Anything.

And if it goes sideways or we don't get the guy, there's photos of Osama bin Laden's assassination.

You know what I mean?

And they're waiting to release those.

I wish that to the 10-year anniversary, Rolling Stone magazine already has the deal.

They already have them.

Photos of the assassination.

I wish that Tom Cruise would have had one of those pictures.

And then next to the picture of Goose, there's Osama bin Laden.

But I liked how at the end it not to spoil the ending, but at the end of top of the new top gun, he has an updated shrine there with a picture of the last scene of that.

And it looks perfect.

It's gorgeous.

It's golden hour lighting.

It's not a story point.

That is what happens in the real Navy.

So really?

In the real Navy, they're big on public relations.

There's just someone who's a photographer.

Yes.

Okay.

What did you do?

I was a sub-ensign and then an ensign.

But what was your feel?

I was like a swab the deck just kind of like working with it.

All you did was swap the decks?

I volunteered.

What?

I was like, who's swabbing this?

They're like, you want to give it a shot?

I was like, I'm on it.

Who's swabbing?

Who's swabbing this?

And they're like, nobody really does that.

I'm like, well, I mean, we have to force people to do it.

It's usually what it's supposed to be.

I said, I'd be glad to.

Really?

Yep.

And I swab the crap out of a bunch of aircraft carriers.

I swabbed a bottle, a battleship.

Wow.

You just had battleship.

I know.

My head's on my arm.

We need to page Dr. Freud again.

Yeah.

Right.

So really, that's all you did, like eight hours a day or I don't even know how long.

Six hours.

You get in a, you can do a four hour hour break, work for an hour, another hour break.

You worked for an hour break at the end of your shift.

Yeah.

You can take your first date.

Well, you can pick what you do.

And I'm like, I'll put it at the end because I want to make my night longer.

You're allowed to do that.

Two hours.

And two hours in the middle of six hours for swabbing because it's so tough on the body.

If you're doing other stuff, if you're working like a kid.

What's so tough about the body?

Is it the rhythmic motions?

The physical, you know, you got to really push.

You got to get all the stains off the deck.

Decks get stained.

Swabbing is tough work.

Yeah.

Stuff on the delts.

Tough on the line.

Slabbing.

I'll tell you that.

Oh, where were you?

Where were you?

We were looking for catch phrases.

You were all the time.

You got to call me.

I'm the guy who named who charted.

You did.

Who charted?

Yeah.

You named who charted.

Oh, thank you so much.

Well, we could have used you because me and the other swabbers, because eventually there was a little gang of us.

Swabbing decks.

Like I was first the only one who would volunteer to do it, but then other people kind of got turned on to it and I sort of had a little group leading me around.

They were watching you and saying that sounds fun.

That looks pretty good.

You know, enough of this like navigation guidance system, enough of this logistics planning, enough of this like, you know, stuff in torpedoes.

We had a pilot.

A guy gave up being a pilot.

What?

He's a plum.

Yeah.

He's on an aircraft carrier.

He's a full time swabber now.

Does everyone get paid the same there in the Navy?

No, they do.

No, really?

It's a competition.

It's capitalist.

Oh my God.

The best.

The best given are armed forces is turned into capitalism.

Yep.

Boy.

And that there's a big Bernie Sanders voting block within the Navy because they love Bernie.

I bet they do.

Big time.

Yeah, you go into an aircraft carrier.

They're like big time Bernie.

Yeah.

They can't stop talking about it.

It's Bernie versus Elizabeth Warren.

Bernie aircraft carrier, you go on.

That's the big culture wars between those two.

Anyway, so I had a little gang of swabbers and we would have loved to catch rays.

Swab and ate slob and we would have loved it.

Yeah.

The best one I could ever pitch was swab and is pretty good.

Not, yeah.

That's great.

Yeah.

And I would have admitted that even the sentiments behind it are fairly weak.

We can look, tepid was what I was doing.

Yeah.

Fecless.

Fecless is pretty good.

Yes.

Fecless is a tepid.

No low sperm count as a catchphrase.

Non fertile.

No descendants.

Yeah, exactly.

Baron.

Yeah.

Hopeless.

Yeah.

Pessimistic.

Dystopian almost.

Yeah.

But anyway, I swabbed it.

You should be the Navy's the source.

I would have loved it.

I asked.

I should have volunteered for that.

It's not as hard on the body, I would imagine.

It would have been much easier.

But they didn't have any call for it.

They're like, we don't care.

Yeah.

I can only imagine.

They don't really need a lot of word usage.

Like, you know, we're military operation, we're protecting the nation's security and...

Are you still in active duty?

I have to ask you.

I'm not.

I got kicked out.

You got kicked out.

Well, I got asked to leave.

This is a fine line.

I basically got kicked out, but they liked me and they're like, what?

They said, we'll let you retire.

We'll let you resign.

Resign.

You don't need to humiliate you.

Okay.

What happened?

What?

I was too into it.

Too passionate.

Yeah.

I was like, I was obsessed with the culture of the Navy and following around my community.

I was commanding officers.

So they were weird at the map.

They were like, this is gross.

You're weird and desperate and sweaty.

You were too thirsty.

To Navy.

I was too thirsty.

Which is like out there on, you know, the fucking ocean a lot of times.

A lot of the way I heard times.

Not a drop to drink.

A lot of times.

Most of the time, I would say.

99% of the time you out there in the middle of the water?

I'd say most of the time.

Yeah.

More than a lot of the time, Howard.

The Navy is on the water the whole time.

Remember when that big ship got stuck in the, was it the Suez Canal?

Was it the Panama Canal?

The Suez Canal.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Remember that?

Last year, I do remember that.

Yes.

When all the world's trades stopped.

Do you remember anything before that?

Well, not specifically.

I'm sure I think a little bit more about it.

I'm sure some of the earliest thing you remember is that Suez Canal thing.

I mean, I remember going into the cockpit of a shipping boat and saying, what happens if I do this?

I remember saying that.

Wait, you're, I remember going into the, you're the guy who got that.

I'm not saying that.

I remember walking into a steering area and I said, what happens if I do this and I pushed all the, as many buttons as I could.

How many was that?

I was upwards of 20 or 30.

Oh, how did you push so many buttons?

Oh, I got my feet involved.

I, I left, I stood on a chair.

I left up.

Like, I did a split kick.

David Lee Roth style spread my hands and feet.

Wow, might as well jump.

Yeah.

And then I landed all four at the same time on a control panel.

Wow.

Like maybe between 25 and 30 buttons at once.

Incredible.

And this is, this is the Suez Canal boat.

This was in the Suez Canal.

Was it the boat?

I mean, I remember, I got, because I got ushered out of there right after, thrown in the brig.

So I don't necessarily know the immediate aftermath of what happened.

I do remember before I got dragged out, the ship turned sideways and got stuck.

That's, no, this is the, exactly the exact same ship.

Well, oh my God.

And so yeah, they asked me to leave and they were like, you know, it seems like they asked you to leave for that.

Like do they ask you to leave in while you were in the brig?

Here's how the conversation went as I recall it.

Yeah, I went down to the brig.

They're like, you're going to have to.

Went down to the brig.

They went down to the brig where I was.

Did I say I went down to the brig?

I thought that's right.

Like it just sounded very casual to me.

Like, yeah, so I'm losing on down to the brig and it resided there for a while.

I mean, they put the cuffs on me and I was like, I know where this is going.

And I walked on down to the brig because I'm a fan.

I'm the team Navy.

I'm gaming this out and I see exactly the idea.

Yes, no need to fight.

You know, my lats are tired.

I'd swabbed all day at that point.

Yeah.

I walk into the brig.

They come in there like, well, we're going to have to ask you to leave.

And I'm like, because I'm too into it.

They're like, uh, they went, uh, yeah, that's why.

And I was like, I thought so because I'm too obsessed with the Navy.

They were like, yep, that's why.

Okay.

I think you have sarcasm blindness.

How's that?

Uh, you're, uh, let's try it.

Yeah.

You're definitely going to be the number one episode of the year.

I knew it.

Yeah.

He's got sarcasm.

Backup.

All right.

Well, God, Huey, that's, uh, I love ships and bottles.

So did you, did you do them before you got kicked out of the, no, it's kind of after a sort of a memory.

So it's a recent thing.

Yeah.

Cause this is a 2019.

Yeah.

Oh, two weeks ago, two weeks ago, I'd already been in line to be on this show.

Why did you, why did you, yeah, what, been a fan of this show for a long time?

So you just wanted to come on you cause you're a fan.

Cause you got anything you think you're talking about.

Well, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I, I always had interesting things to come on.

Well, the previous ones before you start doing these ships and bottles.

I was an obituary proof, proofreader.

Okay.

What are the, what, what do you mean about a lot of life stories when you're an obituary?

What are, I'm actually a little more interested in that than we.

It's a great job.

In the shipping bottle.

Cause you know, it's a, on obituary is an incredibly important piece of journal.

What are the major typos that occur in a, in a bitch?

You know, I don't even want to say the word.

Because, because.

Obituary.

Obituary is the.

There's di, di, di, di, di.

Oh, they do.

Really.

And so people are out there thinking that someone just did like a tie dye or something.

There's of course the classic Kirby enthusiasm.

The ons.

The above the ons.

Yeah.

The above the ons.

Yeah.

The above the ons.

Yeah.

Exactly.

That's one of the major ones.

Was that based on your life or?

Because Hollywood would have you believe.

Oh really?

It's a lot of numbers.

You know, it's like the most dramatic thing that's ever happened.

That I personally like was the proofreader of.

Yeah, I'll even go for like what you heard about like office gossip.

Oh, well, I actually did a celebrity one if I could.

I mean, I don't mean to.

No, but I did Howard Cosell's obituary.

Really deal.

Yes.

Howard Cosell.

I don't know if people remember him, but he talked like this.

It was a.

Pitbull career.

Down goes Cosell.

Was that in it?

I wish it was like I wish it was.

I'm sorry.

Down goes Cosell into the ground.

There he goes.

Barry and Barry, the former.

You're not doing right.

What's not good?

Actually, it's really good.

Oh, I knew I was good.

I knew I was good.

Thanks.

So what was Howard Cosell's obituary?

Well, there was I apparently he had some enemies in the in the New York Times office.

I did this for the New York Times.

The old gray lady?

The old gray lady.

I was an obituary proofreader.

I was just I mean, that's a good.

I was a proofreader and then I moved my way up to the obituary's.

That was the top proofreading job.

Okay.

There's a whole hierarchy of proofreaders.

What do you start?

You start with the news.

Yeah, you start with the front page because that's the easiest.

Yeah.

The front page is the e-user on it.

And everybody just I mean, there's almost no mistakes by the time it gets to it.

Sure.

Yeah, great.

Then a one reporters.

Yeah, they know what they're doing.

You got your top guys on the front page.

Yeah, exactly.

You know, it's you know, you're like, it's like you're being a, you know, you're backing up John L. John L. with the football field.

Exactly.

Yeah.

I think you've heard turning that into something that I would understand.

Me too.

Well, I'm a huge jock, as you can see.

Yeah.

I mean, you've been lifting weights this entire time.

I didn't want to say.

Thank you for not calling it out.

Well, since I stopped swabbing, my awesome physique has slagged a lot.

You have like 1% body fat on you.

You're like, yeah, 1% body fat on my shoulders.

As you can see, as wide as I am tall.

Yeah, incredible.

Uh huh.

It's a weird physique, but strong.

Yeah, your shoulders are like five two and you're about a five two.

You're like a gas pump.

Try to knock me over.

You're like a human chode and what you want me to knock you over?

Yeah, because my center of gravity is solid good as hard as you can.

Yeah, pretty tough, right?

I mean, really get into it.

Back up and really, really, really, really.

Okay.

Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go.

Okay.

Wow.

I'm sorry.

Jesus.

God.

You told me to have a runner and saw that.

Holy Jesus.

You broke a rib.

I'm sorry.

I didn't mean it.

I'm sorry.

Can we get?

I was kidding.

You were kidding.

I was being sarcastic.

I don't think you know what Tarka has in his belly.

Yes I do.

Look, I hit me again.

No.

I beg you.

All right.

Wow.

With kidding.

Jesus.

What the fuck?

He's flying around the roof.

Ow.

Jesus.

You didn't even ask for that one.

It's my eyes.

I'm going to help you this time, Scott.

Yeah.

You do it.

Nice.

Can I get in this?

Yeah.

Ow.

What's wrong with you?

What's out?

You kicking me in my feet.

Is the lightest person I've ever.

Ow.

He's five two.

He's like a square, but he's like as light as a feather.

It's like a being hazed.

It's like a hazed week in the Navy.

Whatever you cross the equator, this happens.

Really?

Whatever you cross the equator, they get the lowest ranked people and they knock them around like a hockey puck.

Okay.

Oh my God.

Cross the equator with the Navy.

Oh, man.

Sorry about that.

Just a little misunderstanding.

I guess I could see how you misunderstood.

I guess I kind of led you on to doing that.

Yeah.

It's your fault.

You led me on.

Anyway, somebody in the New York Times said that Howard Co.

Cell was a beauty pageant winner and it was in the headline.

Howard Co.

Beauty pageant winner dies.

Huh.

And I caught that typo.

Whoa.

Yeah.

He wasn't a beauty pageant.

No, it's a big sportscaster.

I would say it's not even a typo.

It's a pure mistake.

It was hard to be trying to type sports.

I mean, it was malicious.

I couldn't prove.

I couldn't prove the intention.

That's part of your responsibility is to prove if the original writer has.

It was intentional or accidental.

So if the typo was.

Third jury process or there's an ombudsman and two members of the Oaks family.

Oh, man.

Yeah.

Wow.

Okay.

So it was a whole thing.

But that was rare.

Most typos are just typos.

Most typos are like, oh, clearly this is just like.

So you were all set to talk about this until two weeks ago.

That was going to be my thing.

I was like, you know, a bit jury through free there for a while.

I mean, I've had other.

I've had other.

Don't let's talk about it because we these are probably good premises we want to talk about later.

I see.

I'll be a little bit of a episode.

They're not that good.

All right.

Look, we have to take a break.

All right.

When we come back, we'll have a locomotist.

Have you ever done that?

Was that one of your previous?

Oh my God.

We'll have so much to talk to.

Great.

Yeah.

All right.

We're going to come right back.

We'll have more Howard Kramer more bread more.

We'll have more Huey Chisholm.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang we're back.

We have Brett Morris here from who charted and Howard had to leave.

Apparently he didn't realize you could park here in the well.

I mean, when you take your show off of.

Yeah, it's been a while, I guess.

He didn't.

So he's not gone forever.

He's just moving his car.

So but while he's gone, we want to talk about who charted pod.com, right?

Anything that you couldn't say while Howard was in the room?

I mean, how's it actually going?

It's going pretty well, I think.

I think we just need to pick up these subscribers.

Oh, OK.

Yeah.

So how are we going to do that?

Maybe just say who charted pod a few more times.

OK.

We could go on that.

All right.

We also have Huey Chisholm and I'm pronouncing that correctly, right?

Chisholm.

That's absolutely right.

Yeah.

Not because the temptation.

It's not Chasm or something like that.

Oh, that's the word you wrote.

OK.

Great.

Do you think it was going to be like, well, I just you can pronounce it a little more like with a just sound, I think.

Oh, I see.

Oh, yes.

No, no, you've never been made fun of?

No, no, I went to a very unimaginative elementary school.

What was the name of it?

You don't mind me asking?

It was called the non-magnet school for literal obvious people.

OK.

So does the most mundane students.

So no one made fun of anyone's name there.

Well, no one could think of any what we wanted to desperately, but we couldn't think of any ways to make fun of anybody's name.

I mean, yours is prime and just right there.

I mean, you know what Chasm is, right?

Not exactly.

No, is that a type of a.

I mean, I know the slang term for sperm.

You never swab, do you?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, you had to have swabbed a frog.

Swab, swab, draw.

Is that what primarily what's on those Navy decks?

Yeah, it's mostly Chism and P. And also Green Slime.

They love like Green Slime.

Oh, like Nickelodeon's?

They were big fans of you can't do that in television in the Navy.

So you're out there, sweep it up, come.

Come, yeah.

MP and Nickelodeon Slime.

Yep, because it was just like a hilarious prank those guys would do anyway.

The Navy's changed.

Is that right?

I mean, I think so.

When I was in elementary school, there was a guy next to me and his name was Richard Short.

OK.

And then years later, someone was like, oh, that could have been Dick Short.

And I was like, what a great way to make fun of that guy.

Yeah.

Also could have made fun of his height.

Yeah.

Anyway.

All right, great.

Let's get to our next guest.

What do you say?

Are you into this?

Yeah.

What do you got on your phone there?

What are you looking at?

I'm looking at old Who Charted episodes because I know that in terms of subscribers, I think now that the now that the old ones are available, I'm a fan of Who Charted.

Oh, you are.

Yeah.

Are you a Chartist?

Yeah, I would say so.

Great.

I'm a Chartist.

I did the John Flansburg episode from They Might Be Giants.

He was particularly like a passionate record fan in a way that was a really interesting discussion.

It's incredible.

That was during Rocktober, which is a new thing we're doing.

Yeah.

It's the month of Rocktober.

Yeah.

So I was thinking just maybe to help them.

You had a bunch of them on the March.

Yeah.

Maybe like people who didn't subscribe during the paywall would miss some of these episodes.

Oh, yeah.

Now they can get and I'm just trying to remember what some of these.

That's very kind of the idea.

I don't see it.

That's a great one, I think.

Yeah.

I think that'll be in the chart, Mark, because right now only six months are available.

Okay.

It's a little bit too old.

Yeah.

The Brooklyn VELIN one was really good.

The Who?

Brooks Whelan.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I thought you said Brooklyn vegan.

Talk to the blog, Brooklyn vegan, right?

You had the editors of Brooklyn vegan on and you talked about like what musical acts and comedy acts are performing in 2011.

Brooklyn.

Is that right?

Yeah.

Anyway, yeah.

Brooks Whelan.

So yeah, that's what I was looking at.

Okay.

Great.

All right.

Well, let's get to our next guest though.

Okay.

What do you say?

I also you all ready to talk to him?

He's a locomotives much like yourself.

I can't wait to talk to him.

Okay.

Well, here we go.

He is a locomotives.

Please welcome.

This is his first time on the show.

Please welcome Mr. Toots.

He was too.

Really cool.

Wow.

Super cool stuff, man.

Hey, man.

Dude, dude.

He's so positive.

Hey, I'm so happy to be here, man.

Wicked cool stuff, man.

Hey, great.

What are you talking about when you say wicked cool stuff?

Displanet, man.

Oh, just the planet.

Man, this old.

You've done really macro.

I thought you were talking about the bod gas.

Also, but really cool stuff, man.

The bod gas.

Yeah, man.

Okay.

So funny stuff in all the comedy jokes, man.

But the planet as well.

They're in a cool place.

So many things.

There are like hundreds of things on this planet.

It's almost impossible.

How many there are?

Yeah, man.

There's so many.

Absolutely.

Mr. Toots.

So good.

I wondered if it was every time I said your name.

We'll see, man.

We haven't decided yet.

No, I don't know.

We're creeping back up to number one status.

I like it.

Mr. Toots, you're a locomotist.

I like to drive a train.

Oh, you're an engineer?

No, I drive the train.

You drive it.

All over Kustopia.

What's that?

I drive the train all over Kustopia.

Kustopia.

What's Kustopia?

Kustopia.

It's my parallel world that I'm from.

Kustopia.

You never heard of this cool place?

No.

You're kidding me, guys?

Never.

I'm the dudes.

Unaware.

Kustopia.

That's crazy.

I'm here too.

I know what I said, man.

The bass is too smart dudes in the basses.

You play rock and roll music.

There's no brains there.

Only soul, man.

Rock and roll is the soul for me, baby.

So you're from a parallel earth, Kustopia?

Kustopia.

How do you spell that?

K-U-S-A-T.

You have the same alphabet.

Yes.

It's a parallel world.

It's got a different world.

It's just a parallel.

But sometimes with parallel worlds, they've developed different languages.

Sure, yeah, man.

You're a smart guy like you.

I wouldn't call myself smart.

Oh, really?

I'm more of a blue-collar guy.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, man.

South of the earth, man.

Oh, South of the earth, man.

Oh, South of Kustopia.

Look, you're waiting a minute.

So what is the nature of Kustopia?

Everything's Kust, man.

The trees are Kust, the hills are Kust.

Like, physically, it's all marijuana.

Yeah, man.

It's a pretty cool place.

Wait, so your world is made of marijuana?

A lot of it.

I mean, there's obviously some things if you want to try and poke holes into my world.

Yeah, there's some things that cannot be Kust.

Right, like trains.

But most things.

Yeah, it's a normal metal train.

And I know you're coming for me.

Because you're smart guys, Scott.

I know you're coming.

But yeah, most of the cool stuff's Kust, Kouch's, Kush, Pizza Box, Kush, Pizza, not Kush.

But we're not.

We're smoking, man.

I can only imagine if you smoke Kush.

Do you smoke it on your world?

Oh, everybody does.

It's the whole thing.

Yeah, it's like almost air.

Yeah, so if you smoke it, you'd want pizza.

Yes.

You need pizza to be pizza.

Yeah, well, you can't look.

Like I said, it all can't be Kush, man.

Yeah, too much.

Yeah.

So far, we've found two exceptions.

Trains and pizza.

Uh-huh.

What about the smoke coming out of the train?

That's just, you know, that's that 420 smoke, man.

Okay.

What do you think the train runs on?

Calls?

No way.

It rolls off fat nugs, man.

So you have coals, though?

They're existing.

Yeah.

But you don't use them for the train.

No, man, that's dirty stuff, man.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, we can take a lot of cool.

Yeah.

Trains in our world should run on Kush, right?

I think so.

Yeah.

Interesting.

What about a Christmas present?

Uh, we don't celebrate that.

I'm learning what that is being here.

Oh, okay.

So you have, uh, is that because you don't have religion at all?

Everything in Kushtopia is free, man.

Wow.

Yeah.

There's no need for gifts because you can already just kind of get what you want.

It's a really cool place.

Does anyone try hard at their jobs if everything's free?

Well, honestly, yeah, man.

We're all really proud of what we do.

Oh, it's a pride thing.

Mm-hmm.

And we're...

But also, like, for me, it's like people need to get around.

Sure.

They can.

But there's not a lot of incentive for you to, like, work overtime or anything like that because if everything is free, then, you know, why do anything well?

I understand.

This is the argument against socialism.

Yeah.

Like, that you can just be lazy because the state will take care of you.

So why should you...

Yeah, well, like, in our parallel world, we, like, aren't plagued by greed.

What?

We aren't plagued by greed.

Oh, aren't plagued by greed.

Oh, okay.

I thought you said, armed plate by greed.

No, man.

That's not it.

That would not be cool.

No, not cool.

Not cool.

Not really, man.

But you guys are all smoking weed all the time.

So puffing...

We're puffing, or...

But I would imagine that this doesn't lead to overwork either.

I mean, you know, with people always trying to compete and get the nicest, you know, keeping up with the Joneses.

Do you have the Joneses in... in Khrushtopia?

Sometimes.

Do you sometimes have the Joneses?

Yeah.

It's like me.

You can come in and out.

You can check out other parallel worlds.

You can't...

You guys have the ability to check out other parallel worlds.

Yeah, man.

Why have we not talked to anyone from Khrushtopia?

You know, honestly, Earth is got a pretty bad rap, man.

You said it was great.

It's yeah, I'm learning that it's cool.

But like, before I come here, everybody's like, that place is bad, man.

Notorious humans.

Stanky.

Be you, man.

I went out, Mr. Toots.

Not...

Listen.

So, what's the mechanism of traveling between worlds?

So you have to hire Warlock.

Oh, okay.

So how...

But if everything's free...

Well, that's their job.

They're portal locks.

Oh, I see.

So when you say hire, you mean just get the service.

You know, I just say one thing.

Yeah.

Let's just pretend everybody's super happy at their job.

They love to do it.

Okay, sure.

I'm just saying, when we hear the word hire...

Yes.

What, you know, what we take it to me.

It means like you give money for a service.

You're just saying like you...

Yeah, you get the services of the world.

You just, you toss him on a yard nugs.

Maybe he toss one of yard nugs.

I wouldn't imagine if you're a Warlock, you would be like really overworked though, because like that's a specialty skill.

Well, there's lots of Warlocks.

There are.

Yeah, yeah, punty.

What about doctors?

No, we've got those, man.

Okay.

420 doctors, you know.

Okay.

Yes.

Okay.

Another day keeps the doctor away.

Another day.

Really cool.

He said a nugget day, maybe?

Yeah, man.

Oh, I thought he said another day.

Yeah.

He said, I'm going to be a little bit more aware, man.

And that's...

I'm trying to like be in the present.

What?

Where are you?

I want to be like more grounded.

Sometimes I am in the past.

Oh, yeah.

We all, I mean, we all have regrets, don't we?

But so you hire the services of a Warlock, and then what does the Warlock do?

Yeah, open to a portal, man.

It's super fun, really cool, groovy stuff, man.

Okay.

And then sometimes he has to call his buddies to help with the portal.

Why?

Sometimes, you know, if it's the longer the distance.

Oh, okay.

So yeah.

Oh, I thought parallel Earths were...

Right next to each other.

Yeah.

No.

Just vibrational...

No, not that I'm going to explain how it works.

Oh, no.

This isn't a science podcast.

No.

You know, like we're not going to explain how parallel world works.

No, it's like sometimes like you go next door is very close.

Oh, yeah.

And sometimes you go next door is very far.

I guess.

But there's still next door.

If you live in Montana, I guess.

Yeah, very far away.

Yeah.

Do you have States in your world?

We have...

We come provinces.

There's methyl-potamia.

Ah, nice.

Are we supposed to be high-fiving while you're talking about my journey?

Come on.

You want one man?

Sure, yeah.

No, high-fives for Dunman over here.

Sorry.

So you...

Uh, Mr. Toots.

Yeah.

Toots.

I shouldn't be calling you Mr. Toots, right?

Hey, I think it's not my name.

Would you call other people not their name?

I guess not.

Who do you sound like?

I'm trying to figure that out.

It'll come to us.

It'll figure that out.

We'll figure that out.

So you love constopia and you're trying to dig earth.

You're trying to get into earth like you.

I'm just like checking out the vibes and...

There's a lot of stuff, man.

Really cool.

How about do East?

Too East.

How long have you been here?

About seven days.

Seven days?

Oh, okay.

So you're halfway through your visit and you're finding it to be relatively nice.

There's some cool stuff we don't have.

What's your favorite thing?

Ray Game Music.

You don't have Ray games.

Still blazing, still blazing, still blazing.

Got a big game.

Got just awesome amazing.

You gotta bring it back to your world.

It's like for me, man.

It's like, yes.

It just like fits the vibe.

It's crazy you don't have Ray Game Music in Kishtopia.

I love the stuff.

You guys got wicked cool stuff, man.

You got a kidnap Ziggy Marley or something and bring him back.

There's a lot of paperwork to bring people in and out.

Lots of stuff.

We don't, you know, it's kind of coming and go back out on your own.

Yeah, yeah.

I saw that show with a what's his name in parallel worlds.

Who am I thinking of?

Who does it tell me, man?

The guy from the drumming movie.

I'm miming drums right now.

Miles Teller.

Nobody, the other guy who won the Oscar.

Nick Cannon.

JK Rowling.

Yes.

I saw his television show.

So there's a lot of paperwork, just a lot of bureaucracy.

East of, yeah.

Yeah, so, but you know what people like coming in, stealing our cash, trying to, trying to not participate because if you come, you have to work.

Okay.

You gotta work.

We could go get some cushion.

Orlock.

Oh, I mean, this guy's going back in seven days.

We could just like hitch ride with him.

Maybe.

Get some cush, get a warlock over there.

I'm not gonna, you know.

Get like maybe a big garbage bag.

Are you inviting yourself?

Yeah, I would like to invite myself.

Come on, I got nothing going on.

You're building shapes.

I built one shift in a bottle.

Right there, come on, just amazing.

I've been kicked out of the Navy in the New York Times.

I'm the only person on earth to have that happen.

If we bring reggae music with us, we'll be.

We're gonna be heroes.

We could be the same reggae band.

You could be the bassist.

We could write Bob Barley's songs.

Those songs are all bass.

What are you gonna play?

It doesn't even matter.

Those songs are just the rhythms.

The rhythm is still drum.

I'm playing steel drums.

Yeah, I'll play like, you know, I'll just play a rhythm guitar.

Like one, just hit it once every four.

With music, we could just put on like a, we could just press play on like a thing.

Sound systems are so good that they'll.

I wonder what they're talking about, man.

Oh, hey.

Hey.

What's up?

Oh, and hey, Howard's back.

Oh, Howard.

You won't believe what you missed.

Yeah.

This is crazy.

This is Mr. Toots.

Toot-toot.

He's a locomotist, although that's kind of reductive.

Honestly, second to nine.

You're one of the best, really.

Thank you.

Wow.

Well, I'm the only man who run the train.

You're the only train guy you should.

There's only one train in Kishtauff.

Where's it go from?

Where to where?

It circles the province.

It circles the entire province.

Yes.

We stick clear of methopotamia.

We stick clear of Heroin'sburg.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

He's from a parallel world called Kishtopia.

He's over here for a two-week visit.

I'm sure I'll figure that.

You'll be as engaged as you have been in the previous segments.

Honestly, man, you're the guy that I want to connect with the most.

Yeah, honestly.

I can see it.

You should have seen Adam Pally here last week.

He would have really loved it.

So you drive the train around Kishtopia.

Yeah, it takes everybody to run.

Everybody to run.

They need to go.

Yeah, big list.

Anytime anybody needs to go anywhere, that train line's going to come.

I thought your world was Kishtopia.

But your province is Kishtopia.

I'm from Kishtopia.

Oh, okay.

What's your world, Carl?

My world?

I thought you said that was Kishtopia.

It's Earth, man.

Oh, call it Earth.

Then why did you change?

When we have that idiot...

Because it's Earth and then we have...

What?

Did you catch me, man?

Yeah.

Not cool.

Really not cool.

Sorry, I don't need to catch you in a little weirdness.

There was some idiom we used of salt of the Earth and you changed it to salt of the Kishtopia.

Well, you caught me.

You caught me not being perfect, man.

I apologize.

None of us are perfect.

It's true.

It's like you don't say you're from Earth.

You say you're from America or United States.

Yeah.

Really cool.

I'm glad you're liking it so much, I guess, because you heard me at a bad rap and you came there and you seemed like you're liking it.

Are you going to spread the word?

The Earth is pretty...

I mean, this Earth, I guess, is pretty good.

You know, sometimes it's fun to gatekeep.

When you know you ever go to a really good taco place...

Yeah, you want to keep it secret.

And you don't tell anybody, man, because you want it to stay really cool and you don't want the price to go up.

Yeah.

That's kind of maybe what I'm going to do here, man.

And you have tacos on Kishtopia.

Yes, sir.

Like chronic tacos, have you ever been there?

Dude, we man.

Yeah, man.

We man?

Yeah, we have a small man named We Man.

You do.

Yeah.

I don't know if I'm going small.

But the day is...

He's a little goblin.

So it's okay.

Most goblins are small, yeah.

Yeah.

This is a good question.

Do you have...

I hate to rank my questions before I say them.

It better be good, man.

Here we go.

You know how some parallel Earth theory is that, well, you know, the same people would be in different iterations on the parallel Earths.

I guess it just depends on where the paths diverge.

But do the same people have sex and the same people are on both of these Earths?

It's a split.

Okay.

It's like a 50-50?

A 50-50?

You are.

It's different but different.

You know?

Okay.

So you're seeing some of the people you knew on your Earth, but a lot of them are different because...

I think it's easier if it's just separate.

You know?

It's what is easier.

But you have...

It's easier for you to remember?

No.

You just have a We Man.

Do you have like Johnny Knoxville?

No.

Johnny Depp?

No.

Okay.

No.

George Washington.

Dr. Dre.

Oh.

You have Dr. Dre.

Dr. Dre.

Yeah, man.

He's like, checks your knees, man.

Oh, he's...

He ankles.

Your feet.

Okay.

Is it real doctor?

Yeah.

Is it cool?

So cool.

That's really cool.

Everybody in your world works, you said.

Yes.

Yeah.

So if...

Everyone has a job as according to their abilities, each according to their knees.

Some people are the same because I've said that already, so I can't go back.

But most of it is separate.

Okay.

So it's a 10 to 90 split.

Really cool.

Okay, guys.

Really cool.

You did the paperwork and I was able to visit and I'm not saying you have to, but just hypothetically, then I would have to get a job.

You'd have to be employed.

Okay.

To justify...

There are no unemployed people who are... or what about disability if people can't work?

We take care of our people.

Everybody not intimating.

You got really upset with me.

I want to learn more about...

You should know what Mesopotamia does to the people that cannot work.

What do they do?

They grind them.

Which is why I was a comprehensive.

Oh, okay.

I'm not into maybe.

It's not really cool.

Yeah.

Are there warring...

I mean, are these provinces at war with the one another?

It's not good.

Really?

It's right.

Not good.

I'm so sorry to hear that.

How long have these wars been waging?

As long as I can remember.

How long is that?

I'm sorry.

I'm so sorry to hear that.

How long have these wars been waging?

As long as I can remember.

How long is that?

I'm sorry.

How long is that?

I'm sorry.

That's a split.

Not much.

That's a split.

Sway from MTV.

Sway in the morning.

We have one of those.

You have Sway.

Yes.

Okay.

He's one of the peppers.

Except he rocks babies.

Oh.

Yes.

He makes sure the babies and the bassanets are swaying.

Oh, God.

Okay.

Interesting.

Can I ask you, why did you make this trip here?

What prompted you to come visit?

Yeah.

I need some.

I know everybody has jobs.

Uh-huh.

But I need some cash.

Weird.

And you don't have to buy anything in your world.

Why do you need this cash?

I want to try and invest.

Oh.

So if I get some cash here and I put the cash here and then I go back home, it's supposed to make money.

There's a thing I learned about investing.

Oh, yeah.

Really cool.

If you had more money, what could you do with it?

I feel like I could come on more vacations here and I could listen to more reggae music and I could maybe discover new fun things.

Does everyone just get two weeks a year that they can go do whatever they want?

But if you had more money, you could take a 52 week vacation.

It's possible, yes.

Yeah.

It's never really been done.

It's kind of new.

Because you do have money, but do you trade the money back and forth even though we have a Kush.

We have Kush.

We trade the Kush.

But if I had money here, because that I...

Here's a look.

Okay.

I'm not going to poke holes in your story.

Thank you.

Okay.

Thank you.

But I have a suggestion.

Uh-huh.

Go back to your world.

Gather up all the Kush you can.

Bring it over here and we'll pay you for it.

I think you guys would die smoking this bomb bomb.

Try us.

Kush.

Crazy.

Do you want to smoke this shit?

Yeah.

We want to smoke.

Can you get a warlock on the phone right now?

I mean, how do you think I've afforded all my meals at Arby's, man?

I'm slinging Kush on the side.

Okay.

We'll go get into work.

I go down to work.

Dennis Bardwalk, man.

Yes.

And I sell my Kush.

I make a couple bucks, man.

I mean, a sandwich.

I'm right over here.

Go back to your place right now.

Can you get a warlock right now and go back and get a huge, huge arm full of it?

I mean, I can call my chicken.

Oh, we'll wait right here for you.

Okay.

So, yeah.

Okay.

I'm picking me up.

Really cool.

Thank you.

Shh.

Hey, what's up, Frank?

Nice to you, man.

Oh, he's gone.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay, guys.

Here's what we're going to do.

All right.

When Mr. Toots comes back.

Do-do.

Okay.

Yeah.

I'm glad you were thinking the same.

All right.

We're all on the same page here.

Absolutely.

All right.

Mr. Toots.

We're so much more Mr. Toots.

What a fucking annoying piece of shit.

Like, we're justified in doing this.

Okay.

He deserves it.

There's no Earth law that can convict us.

He doesn't even seem to want to explain his world.

Yeah.

He hasn't even fought through all his details.

Yeah.

Anyway.

Wow.

Mr. Toots.

Hey, she makes me.

Yes.

We missed you so much.

We love you, Mr. Toots.

I brought like two pounds of Kush.

Five pounds.

Which in my world is different.

Two pounds, five hundred pounds.

Yes.

Yeah.

It's incredible.

Where is it?

Can we see the stuff before we buy?

Here, man.

Check.

Give it us a whiff.

Oh, shit.

I'm out.

Oh, my God.

Mr. Toots.

What's behind you?

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Such a nice guy and you're not being naan.

Mr. Toots, I hate you.

Dude, dude, dude, dude, dude.

Dude, that coach.

Come on, hang on, coach, you.

We get in on this, man.

Yeah.

All right, now everyone beat the shit out of you.

What?

Yes, my dog.

We don't need him anymore.

Come on, like that.

Shit.

Mr. Toots, join in.

Hey, come out and watch it.

I don't want you.

You're not really cool.

Mr. Toots, I'm so sorry.

You, we wanted to steal all of your drugs.

What?

And we, we humored him and helped him.

No, you know what?

Until we realized it was wrong.

I don't understand humans on this planet.

Real stinky.

I came here.

Nobody stinks.

You know what I think they mean?

They think they meant that you're so stinky.

I'd be stinky.

You're, yeah.

This is not really cool.

I've been framed.

Shut up.

Take him back to your earth.

What?

Please.

And throw him in Cushtopia jail.

Can you call the world I can do the paperwork right now?

Hey, man.

We need a T-1-5 one.

What the?

OK.

Here's what we're going to do.

OK.

Hey, shut up for a second, Yui.

This is all part of the bigger plan.

Here's what we're going to do.

And he comes back here.

OK.

He's going to bring a policeman from Cushtopia.

We're going to ask me, right?

We're going to take him hostage.

The perimeter.

They're going to give us all the drugs that we want.

I don't understand this plan anymore.

You think, like, whoa.

I missed their police.

I thought, this is my friend.

Why, to toy T?

Hey, come on.

You've got to get locked up.

This isn't looking good for us.

What you doing?

Lay my friend alone.

What you doing?

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

All right.

Hanging me up.

You're doing good.

You're going to do, Mr. Toot.

You're going to call a warlock and tell them that we've taken one of your policemen hostage.

OK, man.

They're going to give us all the drugs that we want.

And a helicopter out of here.

OK, man.

I want a helicopter, too.

This could have been helicopters for everyone.

Yeah, for sure, man.

This could have been a moment where you learn how to make a society that doesn't need work.

Shut up!

Fuck off!

Call me!

Call me asshole!

We're the early United States of America asshole!

Yeah.

This is Elizabeth Warren's country.

Yeah.

Before I pull ourselves up by our bootstraps here.

Before I pass, do me one thing.

You're going to die?

Hey, you've beaten me to a boat.

I'm barely mush.

That's OK.

You don't matter, Mr. Toot.

We need the police officer.

Tell Damien Marley.

Damien.

I said, was good.

All right.

Give me your officer.

Officer.

All right.

Put me down.

Get me off my ankles.

You want to stop?

Get me off my ankles.

You want to be like Mr. Toot?

You're hanging me upside down.

You want to die like this motherfucker over here?

You're a bunch of stinky humans.

Oh, yeah.

Stinky.

Yeah, I can smell it from your ass.

Oh, yeah, but you tricked me, didn't you?

Oh, yeah.

You tricked me.

Like it was real hard.

Yeah.

You all should be a kid.

We got a musician here who caught you a base player.

Yes, bases.

Oh, you must be done then, huh?

Hey, shut up!

Don't just, you'll watch it now.

You're shaking the clock.

You're shaking.

Here's what you're going to do, motherfucker.

What do you mean?

You're going to call your superior officers.

Let me know what you want.

Helicopters for everyone.

Oh, wait.

She's already on the clock.

Wow.

It's a 15.

It's a 15 protocol.

Yeah.

Shh.

Who are you?

Oh, my goodness.

Come to helicopter.

The smallest helicopter.

The smallest helicopter ever seen.

One pill makes your hearty.

One pill makes you sad.

We're ready to meet your demands.

We're dropping down the ladder.

If you need to cross, enter, enter Portalee.

Get the ladder that we want.

All the drugs that you were supposed to break.

Drop the cush.

Shh.

Cush is coming down in a basket.

Great basket.

Drop it.

Oh, my God.

I'll check it out.

Smells pretty sticky.

Oh, my God.

You eat your eyes.

What?

Shut up.

Your eyes went suddenly, totally red.

I know what I'm doing.

Give me that cush.

I want more.

Officer, take you.

I want more.

Arrest you.

God, you beat the living shit out of me.

There's nothing left.

Yeah.

Tough shit, Ocumin.

I'm in charge of this operation now.

You eat, put it.

Open the box.

Open the box for the cush.

All right.

I'll open it.

I got it open.

Yeah.

Oh, my God.

You're explosive.

Die, 30 fuckers.

I hope you're burning out.

I've been charged.

Oh, they took the whole thing.

God, they took the officer away.

God, damn it.

What a day.

God.

You got beaten up at least four times.

I just sat on fire.

Oh, you got sat on fire?

I saw this.

You're supposed to die.

It was a die pack.

I thought it was a die pack.

Well, I think I just set myself on fire.

Oh, geez.

I tried to burn it off of the lighter.

I think you're hell powered.

I'm trying to stop the fire.

Do some people buy tickets for the entire tour?

God, I would hope not.

I'll see you there, baby.

Oh, shit.

Yeah.

Mr. Toots.

Head over to CBBWorld.com.

You can get all the tickets and then while you're there at CBB World, go sign up because there's a lot of good shit that we're putting out including the archives of this show as well as ad-free episodes.

All right, let's close up the old plug bag.

Yeah, I guess.

All right, that was Gungen's clothes.

Close the plug bag by Micah McCann.

Great job.

That was great.

Wow, that was incredible.

All right, guys.

Well, I want to thank you so much.

First of all, Howard and Brett, so great to have you back on the show.

And I mean, you have the record right now, Howard, so we'll see if anyone can beat it, but an incredible record, earliest and latest episode of Comedy Bank.

I want to come back next week.

Okay.

See you then.

And Brett.

Good luck to you.

You always great having you on the show ever since that Mr.

Heavenly episode.

Oh, thank you.

And Huey Chisholm, of course, what needs to be said.

Nothing, I think.

Yeah, okay.

And then Mr. Toot, Toot, Toot, all aboard.

You still have such great spirits.

You've got to come back.

I'm dying.

Hey, let's beat the shit out of Huey.

What do you say?

Yeah!

All right, we'll see you next time.

Bye!

Oh!

You I'm going to go ahead and see you next time.
