---
layout: page
title: 768. Patton Oswalt, Dave Theune, Suzi Barrett, Peter Banifaz [62e74ea5a143fb0012201699].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ I love living here rent-free.

I just hate my roommate.

This guy's brain!

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

I forgot the title of my own show.

Ha ha ha ha.

Oh my gosh.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Thank you to all of our Omendas.

All of our Omendas for that wonderful catch-free submission.

Welcome back to the show.

If you are returning, this is your first one.

Welcome to it entirely.

And God, I got to get better at this.

And going out on a big tour starting today.

And I am still not good at hosting the show.

Welcome to the show and we have a great one for you today.

Coming up a little later, we have a musician.

We have a member of the community.

Oh, that's exciting.

I would imagine this community, but perhaps their own community.

And I have a scientist.

That is an exciting lineup for the other back half of the show.

But before we get to them, look, the COVID era and the backyard era, it was very difficult to get celebrities on this show.

Oh boy.

I wanted to come to my backyard for some reason.

Now people are all, they're very frightened of, can I go out to a studio?

I don't know, but look, we landed one today.

We got the big fish today.

We hooked him and I'm reeling him in right now as we speak.

He is the star of the upcoming movie.

I love my dad, which is out this Friday.

Is it in theaters or is it on this Friday in theaters?

August 12th streaming on Hulu.

Oh my God.

Boom, boom.

We wanted it in the theater, God damn it.

If you can believe it, it is out there for an Oscar qualifying run for one week only, August 5th.

But you know him as a stand of comedian, as an actor, as a voice over artist.

He's an old friend of the show.

Please welcome back Patton Oswalt.

Hello.

Thank you Scott.

Thank you for having me here during the sweet spot between COVID and monkeypox, between the little breather that the whole country's taking.

I'm so happy to come in during these end days.

I haven't read up too much on monkeypox.

My brain just can't take it.

I feel like I'm healing from the last couple of years.

But is it a concern to us at this point?

You know what?

Monkeypox to me feels like I just learned how to use the Twitter app and everyone's like, oh no, you got to get on Instagram.

I'm like, dude, I just spent too much time mastering this one app.

Can't get on top of you.

I'll just know it when I know it.

I can't do it.

I would skip every app that people would send me.

I would go like every other one, basically.

So like if I signed up for Twitter, then people go, oh, you got to get on whatever.

Then I would skip that one.

And then that one would usually fall away.

And then I would then.

So I actually got on to Twitter and Instagram because they were the other one.

You know why?

And I know exactly why I did the same thing because I skipped fine.

It was Twitter and then, oh, you got to get on fine.

And I was like, it's too much time.

And then Instagram was, oh, Twitter with just more pictures.

And then I skipped 100% more pictures.

And then I have skipped Snapchat and TikTok.

Yeah, skipped TikTok.

I feel like that was a mistake.

Yeah.

That was, it turned out to be popular.

But then I did sign up for a few that were just like dead within two days, even.

They're like, hey, no one signed up for this.

Really?

Yeah, we got to close it down.

But you had a bunch of followers on Truth Social for a while.

That was, it was blowing up.

Come on, man.

Don't you were getting retruthed a lot.

It's all I'm saying.

Patton, it's great to have you back on the show.

You're one of our oldest friends.

Let me see.

I know you were on episode 30.

For some reason that sticks out in my brain that you were on episode 30, the iBrain episode.

Yes, I was like, hey, I was on Comedy Bang Bang.

Like it was on the radio, man.

Yeah.

When it was Comedy Deathray.

I was here before it was CBGB.

I was in CBGB before it got turned into the John Vervado store.

I should change the initials to CBGB.

Shouldn't I?

Absolutely.

It says CBB?

God.

CBB, CBGB.

CBGB.

Yeah.

You're not using it.

There you go.

But you've been on so many times.

And what else is there really left to say?

I dropped my pen, by the way.

I'm going to try to pick it out.

Oh, that there's a lot more to say.

It's not like I was writing with it, but it just felt comfortable in my hand.

You know what I mean?

You saw the brave journey that Scott was going through right now with his giant air cast trying to get his eye on.

OK, so no, people don't know that listening to this show.

Oh, I didn't really do that.

But yes, I broke my ankle into it.

And I hope it's off by the time the tour starts tonight.

I assumed it was part of your Instagram story the minute you did it.

I assumed you storied it while it was happening.

No, no, I don't live my life online.

I'm certain celebrities I know.

But welcome to the show, Patton.

You have this new movie.

I love my dad.

I saw it last night.

And when I say last night, I mean yesterday afternoon.

Yes.

How do you feel about that?

Movies should be a night thing.

I have the temerity to watch it in the afternoon.

I have embraced the world of lies that we all live in in this business called show.

And I'm so beyond it.

It doesn't bother me at all.

Fell weird lying to you about it though.

Yeah, you could have said I went to a special screening at the DJ and then literally shook him like, no, I didn't find that in phase.

As long as you watch it, I don't care.

I did watch it.

I really enjoyed it.

It is a very unique film.

I guess every film is unique.

Otherwise, they couldn't put it out, right?

There would be copyright problems.

Tell that to Asylum, the Asylum, which cranks out those.

Oh, ours is called Atlantic Rim.

So it's nothing like Pacific.

Are you kidding?

No, it's our own thing.

I like that they are putting out parodies of movies that failed while they were in the theater.

Well, I love that they, there's something beautiful about it.

They look at what's going to come out in a year or two because they look at all the re-read trades and go.

And they just gamble it.

That'll be huge.

Let's do a quick.

It's exactly what we did in my cluster.

Exactly what we did in DreamWorks Animation, a Sharp Tale.

Came out when Finding Nemo did the exact same time.

There you go.

But it is a cool film.

And I guess I would say an indie film.

And when I say that, I don't mean Indiana Jones films.

So people should not be expecting.

Don't get old.

Oh, god.

No.

Good old Indiana.

That's the dog's name.

None of that will be happening.

Is that right?

Absolutely.

None of that.

I'm even more immobile in this movie than Connery was.

Then Harrison Ford is now.

And Harrison's now.

And here's for sure a new one.

Oh my god, that poor guy.

That's going to happen in this new one.

Why are they making him do that?

I imagine it's a gun point.

But what is this about?

Do a movie about a short round all grown up?

Yes, I mean everything everywhere, all at once, which a good guy named Peter is in.

Yeah.

Put him in there.

There you go.

There's your next franchise.

But yeah, why do that?

I mean, it can't be good, right?

Give us some of your pop culture takes.

Here's what I'm worried because I love Harrison Ford.

But I word is going to be like that.

Remember that last Lucio balls that come, they try to do.

Here's Lucy or life with Lucy.

And yeah, and she's climbing up the ladder in the store to get something.

And you hear the audience go, oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, it's like we love to see her trounse around in that grape.

That's great.

Hilarious.

But like, add another 30 years onto it.

It's like, honey.

No, it's like, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

So yeah, this is, I hope it's good because, hey, more Indiana Jones, but I hope they pass the torch.

From what I understand, they say they're not in that.

What's his name?

The guy who's playing Mario.

What's his name?

The guy who's playing Mario?

You know, his voice is Mario, you know.

Oh, Chris Pratt?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Supposedly, no one even offered it to him.

And he's out there going like, oh, I'm not going to do it.

Because Harrison Ford doesn't want anyone else to take over the role.

So he, wait a minute.

He preemptively was refusing the role that he wasn't being offered.

This is the thing.

Everyone gives him everything.

He's out there playing Mario.

He's out there.

He does every single role.

Yeah.

So he has to now start like deflecting them, like batting them away before he ever gets offers.

Oh my God.

So for that, no, for the driving this day, see prequel, I will not be that that should be an actress.

That should be a young actress.

It should not be me.

And I appreciate it.

I'm flattered.

But please drive in this day.

I've not seen it.

That's on the list for Scott.

Hasn't seen, but Dan Ackroyd, one of the few SNL cast members to be nominated for an Oscar.

Can you name the others?

Yes.

Hang on.

I'm hanging.

Hold the line.

Patton.

Patton is.

Oh my God.

Wait, wait.

Other castvers that have been nominated for an Oscar.

Anyone who's ever been an official cast member, can you name any of them?

Wait a minute.

I'm trying to go more recently.

Okay.

Go recent.

Then go in the middle.

Was Steve Martin ever nominated?

He's not a cast member.

Oh, that's, wait a minute.

That's so you're totally off already.

Wow.

Am I off?

I cannot think.

You can't think of any.

Okay, I'm going to give you one.

What?

Bill Murray.

That's right for, oh God.

Okay.

Does that jog your memory?

No it does not, but let me keep thinking.

Um, was Christopher Guest ever nominated?

Uh, he has not been.

No, I don't believe so.

No.

Um, oh Melissa McCar- no, she's not a cast member.

A cast member, Patton.

Although, wait a minute.

I'm thinking of all these guest stars.

Yeah, I know.

I'm thinking of the guest stars.

I feel like family.

Don't they?

They really feel like family, don't they?

Tina Fey?

Tina Fey, I believe was nominated for an Oscar.

For a screenplay.

For Mean Girls, yes.

Yes.

And who else?

This is going to be embarrassing because it's going to be someone I should go.

All right, here we go.

We got Eddie Murphy.

Oh, for Dream Girls.

Yep.

We have Joan Q-Sack twice.

Yes.

That's right.

We have Robert Downey Jr.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

And Michael McKee.

Yes.

And Michael McKee was nominated for.

For a song, I believe, in the Mighty Wind.

Yes, kiss at the end of the rainbow.

Yes.

Oh, that's right.

And going back, the earliest cast member to ever be nominated.

Randy Quaid.

Oh, my lord.

Randy Quaid for either the last detail.

Last detail I learned before.

The last picture show.

Yeah, last picture.

One of those.

Anything would last in it.

Yes.

If he can just get another movie with the word last in it.

The last starfighter.

The last...

If they reboot that.

Oh, my god.

They should reboot that and have the alien, the Robert Preston role, be Randy Quaid the way he is now.

So he's just absolutely telling everyone the plop.

They'll be like, oh, he's a guy's nuts.

No one listens to him.

Randy Quaid is sort of his character in that other alien movie.

Yes.

He absolutely became that character.

What's that other one?

Independence Day.

What's that other alien movie?

There was some reason I remember the last starfighter.

There was another one.

What was that other one?

A starfighter, I believe, one of the first films ever, you CGI.

Yes.

A completely computer.

All I remember about last starfighter is a friend of one of my dad's friends growing up in the suburbs of Virginia, added nowhere.

He just said, that's the only movie I ever cried in.

Was last starfighter.

What?

At the end, I guess, when he goes back up into space or something, it made my friends dead cry.

What?

That was like, man, I belong up there.

Yeah.

So you've never seen an other film?

I hear you know what I mean.

That's the only one.

And you saw the one where the train pulled into the station, you jumped behind the couch.

Well, that one's very frightening.

I gotta say.

I saw a special DJA screening of that one last night.

Oh, wow.

Oh, man.

It was incredible.

People shitting their pants.

Yeah, crazy.

Still works today.

Even with all the CGI that still works today.

If you've seen the new Downton Abbey movie, I believe they have a scene in there where people watch that movie.

That's very funny.

Everyone goes fucking nuts.

That movie is crazy.

The new Downton Abbey.

I don't know if you've ever seen the show or the show or the show, but I didn't see the movie.

Okay.

The first movie is pretty good and feels like a direct continuation.

This one is nuts.

Oh, really?

It's like, oh, they split into two groups.

Half the family goes to France and has Downton Abbey's French holiday.

What?

And then half of the cast stays there at Downton Abbey and they film a Hollywood movie in Downton Abbey.

It is nuts.

Wait, wait, what years does this take place in like in the 40s or 30?

It's right when sound is invented.

Oh, and believe you me, that's just a little bit of a subplot.

Lady Mary may have to dub a particular actress's voice because it's so it's the singing and the rain.

Oh, good.

God.

No.

Now that we're talking about SNL though, I've sort of jogged your memory on it.

Dreamcast.

You got to name seven people in one of them does update.

Oh, can I pick people from any era?

So I'm assembling my, my, there are no rules.

There are no rules.

Yes.

Can I pick people that have never been on the show?

Yes.

Oh, okay.

For instance, I would pick go ahead, the little tramp himself, Charlie Chaplin, Harold Lloyd, Harold Lloyd, Jesus Christ, Adolf Hitler, Hitler, that great mustache.

You'll want him and Charlie Chaplin in this season.

Especially, yeah, and especially to, oh my, that, those two together, come on.

Come on.

That would be great.

And then, and then Hitler obviously to do weekend update.

He does update.

That's got that forceful delivery.

If he's ever seen tramp of the will, he could, yeah, exactly.

He can just, his voice just gets higher and higher.

Talk about deliver those punch lines.

When you were doing higher and higher, you started doing the Nazi salute.

I'm so glad.

You were miming his voice getting higher and you ended up just like doing a full Zig hire.

I'll add their one.

This isn't on YouTube.

This is the end of my career.

Who do you want there?

Anyone at all?

Who do I want in there?

I want, oh my gosh, I want Mark Rylance.

Mm-hmm.

I want, I want like a really deep serious actor doing stuff.

Yeah.

They're forced to do it by the way and they can't quit.

Oh yeah, exactly.

They have to do, they have to do 10 seasons.

So that in the end seasons, you see how they try to revolt.

Oh my God, it's almost like a severance version of SNL where they're trying to get out.

Well in that case, then I want someone like a Francis McDormand because the way she would revolt would be amazing.

She's also so nutty that like personally, though, I think she'd actually be good at it.

Yeah, she would have no patience for it.

But if you make her do it and force her to do it, like they're forcing Harrison Ford to do Indiana Jones, then it would be amazing.

Oh, I'd want Harrison Ford in there.

He would be angry that he was there from the get-go.

He's our Phil Hartman.

Oh, he's a utility player.

He's a utility player.

Throw him in there, put him in a pirate hat, put him in a, he could be the put-upon grocery store manager.

And then who does update?

Like who would, like, who would rather broke off?

I would, I mean, they're so good at reading the news.

Yeah.

And everyone always gives that other guy what's his name, the girls' actresses' father.

You know what I'm talking about.

No, I don't.

He just, he just retired.

Oh, Brian, yeah.

Yeah, Brian Lee.

He was a Brian Cranston.

Okay, Brian Williams.

Oh, Brian Cranston doing update.

He did that network on Broadway with Tatiana.

Yeah, he actually might be Brian Cranston doing update because he'd be so deadpan.

Yeah.

And so serious.

He wouldn't, although that's the thing I'm worried about because sometimes when really amazing dramatic actors try to do comedy, they think they have to be really wacky and big.

Yeah.

Well, they'll learn their lesson after about like three episodes of getting nothing.

They'll like, Lauren will come, but Lauren will still be there, right?

Yeah, exactly.

He'll come over and say like, hmm, Tony, Tony, Brian, if you, the more you throw it away, the bigger the laughs you'll get.

You'll get it back three times.

Three times multi-room.

Think of it as like doing an evil spell in the craft.

It comes back on you three times.

So try to envision.

If you can envision Frougia Ball, why has Lauren Michaels a huge craft?

And by the way, this is the third time you've mentioned the craft.

I really have.

I don't know why the hell I've been making.

Why is the craft on your mind, Pat?

I don't know why that came up.

You know why?

I'll tell you why because the craft of acting is what we're here to discuss.

That is what we're here to talk about.

And you have done it exceptionally well in this new movie.

I love my dad coming out in theaters this Friday.

Tell us about the.

How do you say plot of the film?

The plot is about a father who is cut off by his son on all social media, phone number of.

He's a disaster of a father.

Horrible father.

And so his son blocks him on social media.

I don't want anything to do with you.

And so the father in order to stay in touch with the son who has had some psychological problems and the father is worried about him even though the father is the source of the psychological problems creates a fake Facebook profile.

And basically catfishes his own son, creates this fake hot girl so that he can stay in touch with her.

And this plot that I'm describing actually happened to the writer, director, his father.

As the son.

Yes.

As the son when he was a son, his father actually did this to him in order to stay in touch with him and give him advice.

He ended up falling in love with this fake girl and then realized, oh, this was my dad.

So it's a whole.

It is beyond cringe.

Yes.

What happens?

You know, it's one of those movies where yes, you are watching and going like, oh, these choices, the characters making what is he doing?

But it's not it's not even like sometimes that can be a bit overbearing of just like, Oh God, this is just too much.

But it's actually a very human film.

It has a lot to say about relationships and emotions and do I sound like a robot when I talk?

No, I'm just glad you're reading off the press release.

Humans.

It is about I mean, it's about how the it's that idea of I'll do anything to stay in touch with my son or daughter.

It's like, well, let's take that to an extreme.

What are you willing to do?

And your character does some.

Yeah, pretty things that in his mind, you see, here's what you see.

And I think we're all guilty of this.

You see the classic, don't I get credit for wanting to do the good thing?

Like look at my intentions are really, really good here.

Even though there's no follow through or the follow through is horrific.

And I just I've had times in my life when I it took me till after I screwed up that someone said, do you understand that wanting to do the good thing?

But then not actually showing up to do it is actually worse than if you just.

Intentions almost mean nothing.

Yeah, exactly.

And it's actually even worse if you can acknowledge that intention and then go, but I'm not doing that.

Right.

That's even worse.

Interesting.

So this is taught you a lot about your own life doing this.

It's made me look back on stuff that I've done that made me go, oh yeah, that was.

And yet I haven't gotten a call.

Interesting.

All right.

Well, that's going to, I have to wait for the movie to come out first and see how it does.

If it does, well, then I use it for the apology.

Okay, great.

You see how.

I'll be waiting for like what about a week or two?

Yeah, I was going to get the Vio back.

If you go on box office mojo on Monday the 8th of August, see how it did and then you'll you can expect the call.

So what I like about the movie too is, you know, this could be the stuff of like big broad comedy.

Yes.

And yet they make every choice that the characters make is actually very real and and lots in that character's head.

Yes, exactly.

Like maybe we wouldn't do it, but you see why there.

It's not just like, you know, like I can imagine the terrible 80s Porky's version of this where it's like or American Pie version where it's like not justified.

And it's just like there to create like screams of laughter.

It is very justified in the characters.

Yeah, you can see in like comedies where you can almost see the whiteboard where they wrote got to have this situation, this one, this one.

And then you see how they're shoehorning it just to get to those scenes.

And then you see the comedies where it actually weirdly enough in a lot of fairly brothers movies as outrageous as things get, they do take they've clearly taken the time to get to the logic of how did we get to this moment as absurd as it is.

They do try to have that they had that semen in Ben Stiller's hair.

Yes, they really they worked on that.

That was I know that they I know that they know that you think of that scene.

I know that they come.

Does he still have it there?

I asked Adam Scott that about the severance said they brought in still have the semen in his hair from them.

They brought in Robert town for a month on that and boy that paid off.

I heard that on the American by they had all those cards up on the wall and there was one card that said dick and there was one that said pie and then they dropped.

Yeah, all the cards it was they got all mixed up and then suddenly they were next to each other and they're like dick pie.

It was it was a Reese's peanut butter cup situation and they got you got to get my pie.

Wait a minute say that again say that again that oh my god dick pie wouldn't have been a popular if it had been a Reese's peanut butter cup that he stuck his penis into if if they have found a logical way to get the dick in there it would have it still would have worked but you got it that's extra work very good.

Open a new final draft file that nozzle to hear I love my dad.

Oh, do you?

That's great.

Can you promote my movie?

Oh, yes.

Okay.

I love my dad is how many theaters?

I don't know it's in a bunch of theaters.

At least one.

You have to at least what we agree on that much.

I'm pretty sure we're in the new art.

So wherever you are in the country if you can fly out here get to the new art.

It's a great theater to see a movie in.

I love my dad it is a good movie and I enjoyed it and I don't say that for everyone who's on the show.

I usually pretend I haven't seen it.

We've heard the episodes where you have laid into people like how dare you waste my time.

Exactly.

Yeah.

There was one where a publicist made sure that I watched it.

Yeah, because they feel like they were angry at their client.

And they're asking me how I liked it.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

But I've never been asked that by you like your the publicist for this film was very nice.

He sent it to me didn't ask me what I thought.

Yeah, yeah.

But I love my dad is out this Friday make plans to go out and see we need to go to our next guest pad.

Oh, that's all right.

Oh, my yakin.

They're a scientist.

Whoa.

Yeah, I don't know what type.

How do you get the guests you get for this show?

Every time I come in here you bring in people.

Well, it used to be the show where we talked to interesting people.

Yeah.

And then I decided that was too limiting.

So then it became America's podcast.

Oh, then that's too.

Now that's.

So then it's it's humanity's podcast.

Oh, but then even that's to it.

So now it's humanity and the animal kingdoms podcast.

That's amazing.

So that's the tagline of the show.

Well, it shows you how popular the podcast is the kind of people you get to.

Yeah.

These are people that don't say yes to anything.

Oh, I know.

And here they are.

About the show is like we have, you know, a big time scientist.

Yes.

And we have like a goofball actor like yourself who barely works.

I'm sorry.

What?

Anyway, here we go.

Let's bring them on the show.

They're a scientist and they've never been on the show before.

So I'm excited to talk to them about their particular field of study.

Please welcome Ellen Norton, Simon Harris Finley Finister.

Oh, thank you.

Thanks for having me.

Yeah, great to be here.

That's a long name.

Yeah.

Ellen is your first name.

That's my first name.

Yeah.

And then you have two hyphen names.

Norton Simon and Harris Finley.

Yeah.

So Harris Finley is my last name.

Oh, okay.

Is it one word Harris Finley?

It's hyphenated.

Oh, that's hyphenated.

So my mom's maiden name is Harris and my dad's name is Finley.

Oh, I see.

And then you married a Finister?

I married a Finister.

Okay.

And Norton Simon, my middle name, was taken.

That was my grandmother's maiden.

I see.

maiden and married name.

So, yes.

So they wanted to do.

Oh, Simon name Norton.

That's right.

I see.

Okay.

So of Simon Norton publishing?

Norton Simon Museum.

Oh, okay.

Sorry.

But of that, really?

Of that, really?

Yeah.

Wow.

Is it the same?

Is it from the Norton Simon Museum?

Yeah.

Oh, it is.

Oh, my God.

I was thinking of Simon.

That was their collection.

Congratulations.

Oh, I've been to that museum.

You have.

What'd you think?

I mean, it was, I really, I liked it.

To be honest, I liked the stuff they were displaying more than the actual museum, you know, like the art on the walls.

The walls were fine.

Okay.

No, that's fine feedback.

I'll let them know.

I'm welcome to the show.

It's great to have you, Ellen.

Yeah.

Can I, should I call you Ellen or should I, do you want me to address or prefer the whole name?

I'm an acronym or just or it's fine.

Or it'd be N-schfeuf.

But that's it?

N-schfeuf.

Welcome to the show.

This is Pat Naswalt.

He's an actor.

Hi.

Way out of my zone.

You've never acted, Boomer.

Well, sometimes teaching is like acting.

Oh, no way.

And what I try to do is get kids excited about the science and the universe.

Is that what you do as an actor?

You try to get kids excited about science and the universe?

No, I don't see what you're saying here.

Well, I try to get my producer excited about paying me with my acting.

That's my main focus.

So how's it take to collect checks on something like this?

No, I have work jobs where literally a year later you'll be bugging them going like, can I ever get paid for the job?

Or do they give you a check like your last day when they go, that's a wrap on Pat Naswalt.

They give you like a big giant novelty check.

Oh, no, that would be so awkward.

No, I usually.

Everyone sees what you get paid like these are crude.

Yeah, no, I would never have that happen.

No, usually you get paid like a week after.

I don't really want to keep it.

Yeah, it's a vulgar display of power to have those giant checks brought out.

You can't get one of those movie star jobs.

They're great.

Yeah, they're really good.

Anyway, Ellen, science.

So I realized, you know, I have a PhD in astrophysics and blah, blah, blah.

You realized that.

I realized that.

And I woke up one day and I said, Ellen, you have this.

You got to do something with it.

Yes.

So all the practical applications of a degree like that are just so dry and so boring and they have no effect on the environment and on the population.

And I thought, how can I actually make a difference?

And the difference is to get kids excited about science.

Okay, so that's what you do.

You're a teacher.

Thanks.

You're a scientist and a teacher.

I go to schools and I try to get kids jazzed about what science is.

I see, so you go to different schools.

You're not like a teacher who goes to one school and the kids come to you.

No.

You go to them.

I'm the new model.

So interesting.

Yes, I'm a child.

Teachers are doing now.

They're trying to hit.

It's like going on tour.

Many of them aren't.

Yes.

Yep.

You try to hit over the school.

It seems inefficient and not economical.

You know, we're trying it.

We're still crunching the numbers.

Okay.

It seems like scientists would have crunched those numbers.

Yeah.

Just do it actually going into a pen.

Different scientists, you know, and it's one of those.

You're a scientist, not a mathematician.

Exactly.

Different departments, very sequestered.

So you're going to these kids.

Yeah.

I take some of these concepts are so abstract.

What is your field of study?

Astrophysics.

I'm sure you've heard some of these facts.

What's an astro-stain of course?

Is that astronomy?

It stands for astron.

Astron.

Astron physics.

Yes.

But we drop the end.

It's a lot of times.

Yes, exactly.

And you know, you hear some of these facts.

You know, there's between 100 and 400 billion stars in the galaxy.

Okay.

What?

That's abstract.

100 billion stars.

100 and 400 billion stars.

How can they?

How about, I mean, it sounds like a lot, but how are they determining like that range between 100 million and 400 estimates?

We know that it's- So specific.

You think they would know the exact number?

No, we know that it's definitely not less than 100 billion.

Oh.

For sure, we know that.

Because you've counted that many?

Sophistic, we've gotten that far.

Okay.

And that's when we start to wrap around and we go, have you counted that one?

Oh, that's okay.

You know, and it takes a while to remark them.

And so each time you've done account, it's been no less than 100 billion.

No, like no less.

And occasionally you've gotten all the way up to 400 million and said like, I feel like we've counted this too many.

It's like, right.

And you've gone back and counted them.

And usually because it takes us so long to count, you know, we'll say like, okay, you start from the left and I'll start from there.

And then we wrap up.

And then it's hard to know exactly where the seam is, where the crossover.

So that's like that.

Usually like I would do like, you know, Ursula major or something like that.

Like that's the- Right.

Yeah.

Right.

And then the major.

Ursula, maybe I'm using the little mermaid.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, but it is a constellation.

We have to agree.

She was a major role in that film.

Huge.

Is that right?

Huge.

Like at least third build.

Well, some might say she's the origin story of the film because without her, you don't have conflict.

Exactly.

I digress.

So 100 billion stars, even the low number, it's just mind-bought.

No, no, no.

How do you wrap your head around that?

I mean, yeah.

So I try to make the accessible to kids.

That's why I asked how do you get kids excited about those huge numbers.

Exactly.

So I'm so relatable and I use something that they can understand.

So I say like something like for that, I'll say like visualize a pizza.

Okay.

So we can all see a pizza.

It's like a normal pizza, like pizza hot dominoes.

Perfect.

Yeah.

Okay.

I got one in my mind right now.

I'm looking at one.

Perfect.

All right.

Now imagine taking that pizza and you cut it into your normal eight slices and now you cut each of those slices into eight slices.

Okay.

And you keep doing that and you do that.

You make those amount of cuts once per second for 400 years.

Okay.

And now you take all of those pizza pizza pizza pizza pizza and then you clone them and you do that six to the eighth power times.

Okay.

And now you double it.

Double that.

And that's the amount of stars.

That's the low amount of stars.

Oh, that's the low.

Kids follow this.

Absolutely.

Kids love pizza.

I guess but they can imagine doing this to a pizza because I like the minute you got to cut one of your eight slices into eight.

Yes.

I started to kind of lose it a little bit.

Yeah, I drifted a little.

A little.

A little thin.

So let's think about another way.

Okay.

Let's take the pepperonis on top.

Did you have pepperonis on your pizza?

Yeah.

Oh my God.

I actually did.

Yeah.

Pepperoni pizza.

So if you take one of those pepperonis and you zoom in on it and you imagine all of the atoms in that pepperoni.

Okay.

And now you imagine the building blocks of those atoms, the protons, the neutrons, the electrons.

Yeah.

And then you zoom into the subatomic part of the corks, the cooling those together.

Okay.

So you take all the little baby corks in that pepperoni.

Yeah.

And you throw them into the Hadron Collider.

Oh.

Okay.

And now you blast them.

Yeah, right.

Into a refractive prism.

Oh.

So now they.

They're refractive.

Okay.

Yeah.

So they bend.

They bend.

Into theoretical component parts.

Right.

And you lay them and tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend, tend.

Now you've gotten to almost the low end of.

Of what the stars might be.

How old are the kids that you're changing?

I do six to nine years old.

Six years old.

Why do you cut off at nine?

Because they're ten, they start heckling me.

Double digits.

Oh, they're a little too much confidence.

Yeah.

So it's in my writer that I just don't put up a quote anymore.

Yeah.

Of course.

It's like a tour writer.

Yeah.

But the six year olds are there.

They follow every, because again, this is a little too much for me.

I drift it.

You drifted.

Wait once.

I'm going to say once.

That's why I act about refractive prith.

It just did.

Yeah.

It got very esoteric.

Well, even the corks, I think that's where I tapped out.

So I'm using too many terms.

Well, it's almost like you're doing real science.

Yeah.

Gotcha.

You would prefer, what's something, what's a topic that you feel really comfortable with?

I mean, a lot of times when I gather around with friends, I'm like, who has better pizza?

Like New York or Chicago?

So we were right with pizza.

Pizza work.

Yeah.

Well, how about this?

A lot of times when I get with my friends, we'll go like, hey, what are your five favorite Beatles songs?

Oh, yeah.

This is good.

Oh, man, that would be so hard.

This is perfect.

Oh, if you took the potential energy contained within Paul McCartney's left hand is the one that he plays with.

Yeah.

That's right.

He's left.

Okay.

Now I mean, yeah, I like this.

Okay.

If you took the potential energy in that hand and multiplied it by the amount of bees on the planet.

Oh, how many stars?

One to the negative and power amount of the low end of the stars.

I lost you.

I did Elke.

Well, yeah, I had a weird, there was a zig there from, here's Paul McCartney left head bees.

You went to bees.

Yeah, I'm not that interested in bees.

Oh, yeah.

Like if I see a bee, I usually try to run away from it or at least, you know, I mean, honestly, I try to kill it.

Well, let's think of.

Okay.

I do want to sound like I was a farmer.

But when my daughter was six years old, you know what she loved to watch?

The Paw Patrol.

Great.

That's a thing.

Six year olds love the Paw Patrol.

The little dogs each have little assignments, little vehicles.

They have assignments.

Well, this guy does the cleanup.

This guy's the fire guy.

This guy's the helicopter.

They have a helicopter.

Yes, they do.

They have different vehicles.

There you go.

Perfect.

Okay.

So, so the phone rings.

Oh, okay.

Paw Patrol.

Here we go.

That's right.

A new case.

Okay.

Here we go.

I wonder how we can't figure out how to conceptualize how many stars a hundred billion stars is.

Okay.

So the one, the, the, the gruff guy, he jumps in a helicopter and the other one's like, okay, I'll get in my car and then one's like, oh, I'll take the fire truck, right?

Right.

Yeah.

There's a fire truck.

And other ones like, I'll get on my roller blades and another one's like, okay, I'll, I'll pull you in a wagon and one's like, you know, I'll just start walking.

And so if you imagine the amount of types of transportation that they could potentially take on the show, there's five, but okay.

Okay.

We'll start with five.

Yeah, there's five.

Okay.

Let's take five.

All right.

Okay.

Now, if you doubled that every day, okay.

So it's growing exponentially.

So five to 10 to 20 to 40.

Okay.

Yeah.

Perfect.

Yeah.

So in 3.6 million years, yeah, we would have.

Just about the low end of the amount of stars.

I don't think that math is actually right.

Yeah.

Actually, think about it because if you're doubling everything, it would take you 3.6 million years.

I mean, maybe it's right.

Who knows?

Do you like to check it?

Wait, you could check it really quick.

Would you like to check it?

Okay.

So five boy and then 10.

This isn't in 20.

Okay.

It's got in 40.

Yeah.

So do that 3.6 million times.

I'm doing it.

Okay.

All right.

I'm going to go to 160.

320.

640.

1280.

So that's 25.

Athletic Greens is a wonderful product.

Okay.

How many days is this?

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine.

Okay.

I'm at day 10.

I'm already at 2,500.

Now you see the power of compound interest, too, which is something that is like a good side lesson.

Yeah.

Look, but again, the kids are the, because they're like, yay, the pop culture.

We're all excited.

Yeah.

Imagine them doing all this lame bullshit.

I want to imagine the pop culture out there like beating up protesters and you know what it like.

No, they don't do that on the show.

They're not.

What do they do?

They're out there patrolling and like, they're cracking down on criminals, right?

They're pop control.

There are friends.

They keep our streets safe and they help the community from the unhoused individuals who are plaguing the, sometimes those people are causing some problems and maybe they have a new pop.

Yeah.

They have a new pop.

Who is, is a garbage truck that comes and cleans up a lot of the tent cities to make the city, Paul Opel is safe from a pop.

I'm assuming that's where they all live.

Okay.

Yeah, but not in the pop.

Oh, in any case, look, Ellen Norton, Simon Harris, Finley Finster, I don't want, I mean, look, you're talking about pizza.

You're talking about pop control.

I want to hear about them doing cool shit.

Like, like, okay, for instance, like if you were to say a billion things, like you'd go like, oh, okay, well, it's like people holding hands all, you know, all the way around the earth.

Yeah.

You know, or like it would take, it would, you know, stuff like that that people can grasp onto.

Did you know that in the amount of people it would take to hold hands to go around the earth is equivalent.

Oh, here we go.

To the amount of DNA component parts of one tongue of a blue whale.

So it's so, so you would have to unravel the DNA of each cell of the tongue.

This is boring.

Again, it's not mind blowing those.

No, but I can't even grasp these concepts.

I don't get too many mixed metaphors.

Is this kind of thing where the teachers teach the class and then you pop in by a surprise and go, are you, are you doing surprise teachers?

I often, it's cold calls.

So I do show up.

You gotta get the Glen Gary leads.

Wait a second.

The schools don't even know you're coming till the day of you call them that morning.

No, but I have a hundred percent success rate because usually when I show up, well, teachers are relieved to see me.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

We're a teacher.

They love having me there.

They often, I've seen them jump in my van and drive away.

And they'll take a break.

They'll go.

You give them access to the van?

Yeah, I will.

You come in the, you throw them your keys and go, I got this.

It's, it doesn't.

How often do they catch the keys?

First of all, and how often do they go sailing past their head?

That is a 10% success.

Oh, okay.

I can only imagine if you're not expecting keys.

Yeah, it's not a weird.

It's hard.

And the ones that have caught it, I am amazed because I overhand throw and I do a windmill.

Oh, but you don't, you give them a windup.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, so visual windup.

Why not?

It gets the kids' attention.

Oh, yeah, it's really good.

It would.

Yeah.

And so are you good at this?

Wow.

I, because at this point I can't tell because I, I mean, I'm not much of a scientist, but you know, if you were just to say like, oh, you know, you want to know how many stars there are in the sky?

A billion.

I would go, oh, that's a lot.

Like, that's enough.

That's what we need.

It's more than that, Scott.

It's a hundred to 400 times.

So it's like, okay, imagine a billion, a billion pizzas.

A hundred times that.

And potentially 400 times that.

Yeah.

Do you know what that implies?

Do you realize?

All right, think of how many cells there are in a finger print.

The Paw Patrol is locked up people.

Oh, think of how many cells there are in a single finger print.

I don't know.

I don't care.

I don't know.

But do you think it's more or less than the amount of tennis courts there are in Annapolis, Maryland?

Why Annapolis?

Or?

What?

I've figured it out.

And I know that it's exactly the same.

It's not more or less.

It's the exact same amount of cells in a finger print.

There are as many tennis courts in Annapolis, Maryland.

No, we don't believe you.

I'm sorry.

No, this is something I definitely looked up.

Did you go there?

Well, I don't have to go there to just search them up.

Yeah, I googled it.

Speaking of which, do you know how big a Google Plex is?

Yeah.

You do?

Yeah, it's like a hundred billion times a hundred million or something like that.

You know how to conceptualize it.

Do you know how many ping pong balls?

I feel like you're going to tell ping pong balls.

So ping pong balls in where?

Collapsed, flattened, and fit inside Jupiter's moons.

Okay?

All of them?

Not all of them.

Eight of them.

Come on.

Wait a minute.

Come on.

We can't wrap our minds around these causes.

Or uncollapsed, two of them.

Bar open.

It depends which two.

You are the only father you say.

You could only fit two ping pong balls inside one of Jupiter's moons.

What would be the same?

Oh, two moons.

She's saying uncollapsed.

And Europa.

Yeah.

Okay.

So what you're trying to say is a collapsed ping pong ball takes up approximately a quarter of the size and the mass of an uncollapsed ping ball.

Well, not because two to two to no, no.

If the moons were the exact same size, that would be a correct.

I thought it was somewhat I got something you were trying to say.

No, not even close.

I'm so lost.

So by the way, how do the kids seem at the end of your presentation?

What are they doing?

They are so fascinated.

They often have this look like just they're like like mild, is it gay?

Sometimes there's drool coming out.

They're sleeping.

Well, but eyes open.

Are they open?

Are they wearing glasses?

And you can just see the eyes open.

They always have glasses on.

These are novelty glasses with open eyes.

I had these when I was a kid to trick my teacher.

You did.

Yes.

They all have them these days.

But but but but but do we know?

Can we can we can we prove scientifically that behind the glasses, their eyes are crazy?

You're grasping and straws here.

Oh, straws.

Oh, no.

This is not popular.

I don't know why you're using them as an example.

There's two different types of straws.

I don't know what we're talking about.

Paper or.

Oh, you're talking about drinking straws.

Okay.

What did you think?

I was talking about straw like dried.

Hey, imagine a haystack.

Why?

No.

Imagine that there's a haystack.

I haven't even seen a haystack.

You haven't.

No.

Okay.

Why?

Have you seen a single piece of hay?

Yes.

I was in Oklahoma and someone had one as a prop.

They use they were chewing on it as they entered the stage.

Great.

Let's start.

And then it got in their way and they had to take it out.

The only time I've ever seen a piece a single piece of hay.

If I stay if I hang out at the Greyhound station here in Hollywood, I see the young hopefuls getting off with the big.

Oh, yeah.

You're always hanging out there.

Yeah.

And you see the young and their young of Daisy Dukes and you lure them into your living team.

And then yeah, and then we go make a quick movie together.

Yeah, of course.

So that's that's relatable to you.

So imagine where those young hopefuls has a piece of straw long enough to extend all the way and to lasso the moon.

Oh, why would they have that?

Actually, wait a minute, though.

No, Scott.

This is kind of classic though, like a long piece of straw that lasso is the moon.

Yes.

Okay.

I can wrap my mind around.

I can't.

So how many times around the world's oceans, only the surface area of the oceans, do you think that that piece of straw could zigzag?

I don't give a shit.

I don't give two shits.

I give zero shits.

It's the same amount as the if you ground up all the shells on the beaches of Hawaii and and put the grains and 10.

I don't I can leave.

No, no, no, no, no, I said they wouldn't validate my parking anyway.

So I'm I'm racking up a bill here.

I I feel like this I feel like we were not gracious enough as I mean, Patton.

I've deputized you.

Well, are there any can we are there any schools you're planning to appear at the week and maybe plug and give or you don't even know till the day.

I don't know.

I I start driving and which direction usually always west.

So I'm almost done with my career.

You got to get some on my yeah what you what happens when you hit Santa Monica?

Well, I haven't figured that out yet, but my guess is that I try to take up a sensible job.

Do something like yeah, what else?

I mean, what else did you do acting or producing which means pretty lucrative.

Honestly, it's a little you get paid like a week after you do the thing feels a little passive aggressive, but it's I mean, and look, I mean, patent here.

He's good at it.

Just I don't even know what being passive aggressive is.

Okay.

Well, look, look, I'm sorry.

I just I don't mean to give you a crisis of conscience here regarding your job.

I you're probably good at this.

I I feel bad.

I feel like we've mistreated you.

Let's do one more one more than we have to take a break.

All right.

Did you know that the sun has a mass of around 330,000 times that of earth?

Okay.

So it's like 330,000 earths.

Actually, that's too big to conceptualize, right?

No, I'm doing it right now.

That's a lot.

330,000.

Yeah.

But the mass of it, right?

Yeah.

So in order to achieve that, okay, you would have to take all the jelly out of all the donuts on the planet and you would have to condense it.

The jelly or the donuts?

The just the jelly.

Just the jelly.

You would have to like squeeze it together and press it and say in a black hole until it reaches just the size of the tip of an amps foot.

Okay.

And then take that little piece of super condensed material to Jupiter, which has a multiplicity of the gravity on earth.

Yeah.

Okay.

And now multiply it.

Yeah.

And sometimes the amount of atoms in all the hairs on one fourth of the population of bonobos on earth.

Bonobos?

Yes.

All the hairs of one fourth.

Of all the hairs of one fourth.

One fourth of all the hairs combined to the bonobos.

That's right.

Okay.

All right.

You couldn't get there both ways.

But it's the same answer.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Chop it up.

Put it in.

We chop it up the hair of the jelly now.

All of it.

We're putting it in a blender.

Okay.

All right.

And now we're putting that blender in a blender.

And so on and so forth.

Or they're exponentially bigger blenders.

Same size.

That'll be easier to understand.

I don't know if that's possible.

Yeah.

I don't know if that's possible.

Yeah.

I don't know if that's possible.

Yeah.

I don't know if that's possible.

Yeah.

I don't know if that's possible.

Okay.

And now we're putting.

It's the same.

That's the same.

It's the same.

Of the what?

The sun or the earth?

The 330,000 times of the earth.

Which is one sign.

Okay.

I got you.

I'm giving you applause just so you'll end this.

One you over.

Yeah.

Okay.

Wow.

All right.

Well, Ellen Norton Simon Harris Finley Finster.

Impressive stuff.

I mean, you know your stuff at least.

It's such a pleasure.

I could see you light up at the end there.

I really did.

Because I could see the light at the end of the tunnel.

I would like.

I never wanted to hear a commercial more.

Yes.

And I did my job.

Yes.

Thank you.

You're sent by the advertisers, the mattress companies.

Yes.

Okay.

Look, we have to take a break.

Can you stick around though?

Because I would love to get your input on something.

Yes.

I have nowhere else to go.

I know you're running up a tab.

Until I raise the money to pay for my.

Okay.

Well, let's do a Kickstarter.

There you go.

On the show here.

So, yeah.

All right.

And Pat and you can stick around.

I hope, of course.

Sure.

All right.

Well, here.

I'll be back with you.

I'm excited.

We're going to be right back with more Pat and Oswald.

More Ellen Norton Simon Harris, Finley Finster.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

Pat and Oswald.

I love my dad.

He is in theaters this Friday.

And then on Hulu.

Exclusive to Hulu after that.

I believe so.

Yes.

August 12th.

I'm pretty sure.

Don't quote me on that.

I should be more on top of my career.

What a quote though.

If people were to quote you on that.

Wow.

I'm so old.

Hang on.

On my tombstone would be on Hulu August 12th.

Don't quote me on this.

Incredible.

Great movie.

People should check it out.

Also, we have Ellen Norton Simon Harris, Finley Finster's here.

And she's a scientist who apparently is too wrapped up in writing on the table to get over to the mic to say yes, I am here.

I'm here.

Okay.

There she is.

He's writing out my Venmo for you.

Oh, thank you.

And he's running a chip in.

We have a Kickstarter going for to get her out of the parking lot.

And I'm here.

Unfortunately, yeah, they do not validate.

We refuse to value.

I mean, we could.

Yeah.

We refuse.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, let's get to our next guest.

He's a member of the community.

Hopefully this one.

I don't know.

Pat, you live in the area, don't you?

Kind of.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm assuming he's also part of the community.

Let's find out.

Okay.

Let's talk to him.

This is Dean Hormel.

Hello, Dean.

Hello, Scott.

Hi, Dean Hormel.

Dean Hormel, Pat, and you got that straight.

And I am a member of the community, specifically your community, Scott.

Oh, wonderful.

This is Ellen.

She does not live here.

She's passing through.

Did you start in Maine, in America's erect penis, or did you start in Florida, America's droopy dick?

You would think that those are the furthest eastern, the easternmost point of the United States.

But they're not.

Did you know that the easternmost point is actually in Alaska?

In the last three Aleutian islands, they crossed over into the eastern hemisphere.

So I actually started there.

I'm so sorry that I asked you.

Went through the easternmost provinces of Russia.

And I don't need to...

You went through Russia?

Yeah.

Wow.

I don't need to...

They didn't detain you at all because it's very dangerous.

My van is very fast.

You outran them?

I had some help from them.

I'm driving on a permafrost at slides.

It's easy top, give you that van.

How did you know?

They just appeared and they threw you the keys.

They threw you the keys.

I was in the front row of the recycler tour in 1990.

Wow.

And I won the van accidentally.

I didn't know they weren't giving it to me.

And I drove it away.

Recycler tour though.

I don't know.

Pretty late period to be a fan.

But the bag was such a good song.

I was sleeping bag.

I liked it.

Dean, welcome.

What do you have to talk about here?

You're a member of the community.

That's great.

So you live in Los Angeles.

I live three doors down from your house.

You do?

I do, Scott.

I do.

My wife Brendan and I just moved in recently and we are loving the neighborhood.

Oh, welcome to the neighborhood.

I mean, it's so coincidental because I'm usually blasting three doors down.

And we hear it and we love it.

Oh, you love it.

Oh, yeah.

Great.

Yeah.

Frankly, you are our Superman.

Thank you so much.

That's so cool.

Well, welcome.

Please don't say the address, but welcome to the neighborhood.

I will not say the address.

I need people banging down my door.

Not too worried about that as much as I am my own.

Okay.

Yeah, welcome.

That's so interesting.

What made you move to the neighborhood?

Scott, I am like patent in the entertainment industry.

Oh, you are.

Oh, welcome.

I do animatronic repair.

Animatronic repair.

Is that animatronics?

That's like the people at Disneyland?

You got it, Scott.

Oh, you got it.

Oh, my God.

I'd almost have to say you're in the entertainment industry.

I mean, I did work at Disneyland growing up.

So yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I was once molested by a truckie cheese.

Was that how was it?

Oh, I thought what you were saying was funny.

So I'll just kind of.

Was that who you left?

Oh, yeah.

Sorry.

I don't mean to.

I just do it.

I don't mean to shut down the woman in the room that I cannot think of a more awkward thing to have to shut down to follow up on that that that laugh was.

That was something else.

Yeah.

Can you laugh again?

I mean, Ellen, we'll get to your question in a second.

I own laugh when something's worked.

Something's really fun.

Oh, wait a minute.

Something funny.

Oh, okay.

So if there is a comedian in the room, I believe me, I will be all in.

One at least.

Well, yeah.

I'm off duty right now.

Let's just let it happen naturally.

There we go.

Okay.

But I want to get to Ellen's question because we showed it down.

Absolutely.

When I heard that, you it's unique.

You've heard that before.

It's a unique laugh.

I have heard that before and I appreciate that, Scott.

Thank you.

Well, maybe you'll laugh at what I'm about to say.

Okay.

Yeah.

What were you going to say?

I was once molested by a Chuck E. Cheese character.

Oh, geez.

Yikes.

And animatronic in the band.

The animatronic molested you?

Yeah.

And I'm wondering if that's something you could reprogram.

The incident of 2004.

You know about it.

Oh, we all know about it.

It is historic.

How did this happen?

I mean, it wasn't acting on its own.

Was there a way to just stand in a weird place?

Yeah.

And it just automatically was- Well, that's what the police said.

Of course.

And it's just programmed to do its normal like playing in the band kind of rhythms.

I would argue it's not normal for someone to be touched on their breasts, but they all said I was standing too close and I shouldn't have climbed on the stage.

Were you saying to your family and friends, look, I'm a guitar?

Or what exactly were you?

I'm like, why were you at a- Oh, there it was again.

I'm sorry.

That got me.

Scott, that got me.

There it was.

I hate to point out your laugh.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's horrible.

I hate to detour off your story, but the laugh again is worse.

Wow.

And I hate pointing out people's laughs because I don't want to take joy out of here.

No, I don't want you to make you feel self-conscious.

I don't want you to overthink it.

I don't want you to be self-conscious about it.

It's like the worst thing you say to someone is you have an ugly smile because they feel self-conscious every time you smile.

Yeah.

Nope, I like it.

I love my laugh.

I love who I am.

I can't say your smile though is not that great.

Yeah.

When you're laughing.

A little tight.

Yeah.

It's a little tight.

It's like your teeth are kind of fucked up.

Yeah.

And if I can just say you're laughing without smiling, which is unnerving, which I rarely, I've seen it a couple of times and it's never fun to look at.

Yeah, I guess I'm trying to even things out a little bit.

I realize that my laugh kind of over power sings.

So I think I try to bring it down by not smiling.

Yeah, I even overpowering because it's like you're throwing your way.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And then I found unsettling is that you point out how many of us every time you laugh.

And it wasn't the person who said the thing that made you funny.

That was the one.

I didn't want to bring that up.

It was almost like you're saying you need to pay more attention to that funny thing.

I heard it was so funny.

I want to make sure that you're focusing on this.

I also want to make sure everybody's involved.

I guess I just like I want everybody to enjoy what was said and what was funny.

All right.

Well, we're enjoying it.

That's right.

Now, look at that.

I'm so sorry.

I'm sorry.

I hear about your story.

Yeah.

I was just wondering if that's something.

Was there a settlement or?

I assume you work on all animatronics.

You go where they're paying.

I know I'm the lot of them out there in the world.

Oh, my lord.

Not as many as there should be.

Let me tell you what, because they bring a lot of joy to the kids and there's been a lot less since that incident.

Let me tell you that right now.

How many do you think there should be as many as there are people?

I guess any cool amount.

Ellen, I guess I would have to when you were talking about the collapsed ping pong balls, I guess that's the number I'm thinking like around that number.

I would love it there that many.

To fill up six of Saturn's moons or Jupiter's moons?

Two of Jupiter's, but you know what I'd like?

No, you said collapsed.

Oh, okay.

Then eight of Jupiter's moons.

Yeah.

Wouldn't that be something?

We could fit that many on Earth.

Yeah.

Earth is smaller than that.

We couldn't live.

Well, then maybe we could put them on some different planets because they don't need oxygen to operate.

So maybe they can...

Then how would we enjoy them?

Well, we just know that they're out there.

You know what I mean?

They just unveiled that new crazy big telescope.

We could point that at these planets.

See when they're up to?

Like for a child's birthday, you pay to have that telescope pointed at that planet and then the animatronics could sing a song.

Am I related to the child?

Or why am I paying for this child's birthday?

No, I'm saying if the child's parents wanted to and then for that...

I can't believe anything.

I'm not out there paying for like people's birthdays.

I never say...

You're getting really defensive.

I never said you would pay for anyone's birthday.

I don't have a lot of disposable income at this point.

Which is why you wouldn't be paying for it.

The parents will be doing it.

Okay.

Pointing a telescope at a parent...

I'm not legally mandated to pay for someone's birthday party.

I can...

Listen, when I was a little kid, I would have loved to have had a...

To be able to look through a fucking telescope at an airless world full of dead-eyed animatronics fucking singing to me and that never happened.

Is it because this world was too difficult for me?

This world had oxygen and oh, we got to run around in the sun and I would...

I would just like an airless world with things singing at me.

And this guy is like taking a step toward that and you're like...

The pain for it.

Whatever.

Why are you laughing?

Why are you laughing at this?

I'm sorry that imitation was spot on.

He was having a breakdown.

I know, but he was this spot on imitation of you that.

Wow, and that just brought me right out of my anger.

That's right.

I did kind of nail it.

Thank you.

And I'm sorry, I don't need to treat you that way, Pat.

I apologize.

No, thank you.

All right.

Are we still bros?

What?

You kidding?

Broze forever, man.

Hey, bro hug.

There you go.

Let's bro hug here.

Ow!

God, that hurt.

Well, I ran edge man.

I had to run at you.

God damn it.

All right.

Anyway, Dean.

Scott, yeah.

I want to come on and show today.

We come here.

Hey, you're here.

Yeah.

Congrats.

Thank you.

Yeah.

On the one on about it, you're here.

Yeah.

Oh!

To my house, we are having, Scott, I've noticed in my short time in the neighborhood, there is a dearth of dearth.

Dearth?

Yeah, dearth.

Yeah.

Dearth, I was going to say Darth, but I don't know if that was right.

No, no, no.

That's Vader.

That's the title of the Sith Lord.

Ah, yes.

Darth Maul, Darth Vader.

Yes.

All the daraths.

We originally were hoping that he would be animatronic, but they ended up going with a real person, you know, which is also fun.

But it's got to hurt.

Yeah, David Prowle's got the job instead of, yeah.

Yes, too bad.

He did.

Too bad.

He's linking from Disneyland.

We use Lincoln, we put him in a Darth Vader outfit, just to show what could be done.

Did the beard get in the way?

Because, oh, was it peeking out the bucket?

Yeah, they could get passed and they're like, we're going with real person with no beard.

I could imagine, though, Darth Vader with that tall stovepipe hat would be more intimidating.

Yes.

That adds an extra two feet of height.

Yeah.

We could have used you in the room that day.

Let me tell you what.

Baby, I'm sorry.

Is the stove top, is the stovepipe hat on top of the Darth Vader mask or is the hat on and then the mask is on top of the pipe.

Yeah, you can see it.

The hat is on top of the pipe.

Oh, that's loud.

You can see Lincoln's all the hats.

You can see that face.

I got to say, that's a little out.

Yeah.

It's like he's got two heads.

Right.

On top of the job.

It's like a totem board.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Scott, anyway, what?

What was there a Dirtha?

Yeah, what is her Dirtha?

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh, hey, you're laughing at yourself.

I just feel...

For the situation.

A little brevity, the situation is a fun moment.

I want to say there's a Dirtha of black parties in the neighborhood.

And I think we got to bring them back.

Okay, okay.

Black parties meaning like everyone in the area.

We showed off the street.

We parked a couple of cars at each end.

We put some signs up to say, hey, there's no drive-through today.

We allowed to do that.

Whoa, you got what?

When the whole neighborhood decides on it, you better believe.

The neighborhood decides on it.

Yeah.

So you have to go to the city for this.

I've always wondered about this.

You can go to the city for it or you could just hate.

Is David Lee Roth one said?

You ask, what is it?

Okay, get all, get all.

I really want you to come through this because I'm really intrigued.

I can think of about 10 David Lee Roth.

Yeah, reach down.

None of them.

They're all very mixed.

Yeah, you seem to be really...

Yeah, I mean, those are the big ones.

The one I was thinking of was where he says...

One break coming up.

Yeah, this is his autobiography, Crazy From The Heat.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, if you haven't read it, read it.

I'll tell you what changed your life.

And he said...

No, I can't.

It's asked for forgiveness later.

Do it now.

Ask for forgiveness.

It's easier to ask for forgiveness than it is to...

Permission?

Ask for permission.

Yes.

You read the book.

I mean, a lot of people say that.

Oh, just David Lee Roth.

Yeah, that's a saying.

Oh, that's a saying.

Yeah, he started a big saying.

He started a saying.

I don't think it's...

That is unbelievable.

No, okay.

But anyway.

My God.

You should come to the block.

I'm telling you to the block party.

Okay, and the rest of you either.

I'm going to live in the neighborhood.

Okay.

And why do you want to do this?

I mean, this sounds fun.

Yeah, sure.

Let's do it.

I mean, why though?

Scott, I'll tell you what.

I am at these different amusement parks and I'm working on these animatronics and I love them to death.

Let me tell you what, I love them.

But they just...

They don't talk.

You know, it's a lot of quiet moments with just me and the animatronics.

And I just think, man, it would be nice because sometimes I feel like my name is a neighbor's are like animatronics.

I don't know them.

They're not talking.

We're not getting close.

And I would like just one.

Do you have repetitive movements all the time?

Hey, wouldn't you like the neighborhood to be one big pirates of the Caribbean situation?

I guess maybe as long...

I mean, Johnny Depp, hopefully he's not coming by.

Is that...

Or any of his fans?

No.

I mean, unless you live in the neighborhood, then I guess we're forced to.

Yeah, you can't make them leave the neighborhood.

Yeah.

They'll live there.

They're forced to pass.

They got to go.

Yeah.

But if they're not, then I...

Wouldn't that be something?

So you don't have a lot of friends.

So, Brendan and I, we have plenty of friends.

Who's this?

Brenda, my wife.

Oh, you're wife.

Oh, right.

Where did you meet Brenda?

Yeah, where did you meet Brenda?

Well, we met in Atlanta, Georgia.

Oh, wow.

We were from...

And we moved here to West Coast.

Oh.

Some called the best coast.

Mary to Southern Bell.

There you go.

In fact, was a Southern Bell, voted Southern Bell at our high school.

Oh.

Southern Bell.

Every year we have a Southern Bell year.

All right.

Of the year.

Oh, wow.

That's even better.

Yes.

I'll be with home.

Northern Bell.

You were your home.

Congrats.

Thank you.

Any illusion islands?

Oh, gosh.

I wish I was from there.

Not quite that North.

Ipsilani, Michigan.

Oh, okay.

Northern Bell.

Yeah.

We were just over the line.

Yeah.

Just over the...

Really, there's a...

There's like a...

There's like a second.

Like the Mason Dixon line.

No, okay.

I'm just gonna call it Hellman's.

All that kind of...

Really?

I don't know.

East of the Mississippi, I guess I should say.

So you...

What does she do for a living, by the way?

She assists me in the animatronics.

She's waiting in the hall right now.

Oh, I saw it.

Do I invite her in or...?

I love doing Viderin.

She is a fan.

Scott, not only of the podcast, she's also a fan of your garage door.

She thinks it looks good and we might do our same garage.

I hope that's not.

Oh, no.

It's okay.

I'm gonna call it the Harmony in the neighborhood.

Oh, yes, actually.

Yes.

Absolutely.

What does she like about it?

Because I mean, it's pretty much just a standard garage door.

I think she lacks what she lacks.

She knows that you are in the podcast entertainment world, but you are so modest in your decor and the way that you've designed your home.

I'm called modest.

She goes a plane.

We lack the plainness of it.

You know, we lack just...

You know what?

I don't want to invite her in.

Okay.

All right.

Well...

Okay, I know you waved her in already.

Yeah.

I could hear the clomping.

Yeah.

They make big shoes or big shoes.

And also they are elevator shoes.

Oh.

Elevator shoe, but then she lacks.

What are elevator shoes again?

They make you a little taller.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

Yeah.

They're lifts.

Are you from Britain?

I'm...

You call elevators lifts and you call lifts elevator shoes?

Yeah.

I see why you got this gig.

Yeah.

I see why I got this gig.

Around the neighborhood, I don't hear a peep from you.

You are quiet.

I'm just on a sumo whenever I see you walk to and fro.

Yeah, what's Scott like as a neighbor?

Yeah.

Oh, what he's not blasting three doors down, which he does do from time to time.

But otherwise, he, like, you'd think...

I don't use the word creep, but...

Oh.

He creeps.

Creep.

He's not a creep, but he creeps.

Like creeps around the neighborhood or the way I move?

Mm-hmm.

Oh.

Like a shadow.

Oh.

Okay.

Yeah.

Like arms up and tiptoeing.

Like behind someone trying to imitate their movements while wearing dark clothes like a shadow or...

From time to time, you do see...

Yeah, that is what I do.

Yes.

Like the illustration on the neighborhood watch sign.

Oh, yeah.

With the...

Yeah.

The sort of hamburger outfit.

Yeah.

I try to have like a hamburger aesthetic to my whole thing.

Working.

Now you're speaking my language because I also think that once we get this block party going, we can get into a neighborhood watch and I would love to walk the neighborhood with you.

Oh, uh...

I like to creep around with you a little bit.

Make sure everything's on the up and up.

Yeah, just because I'm creeping.

You're right.

I shouldn't.

I...

You know, you seem like a cool guy.

Thank you.

Dean Hormel.

I looked down at my...

But, you know, I'm not really...

I mean, look, I know it sounds like you don't have a lot of friends.

I'm not really in the market for a ton of more friends.

That's great.

I'm not a ton more people.

Just one.

Yeah.

So, you bring your wife into it and then, you know, it's like, I can't even imagine and then you double that and then you double that and you know what I mean.

And then...

And then there's four people.

That was very good, Scott.

Thank you so much.

Oh my gosh, it's right.

Wow, you...

So, Scott, you learned something from her.

I guess I did.

Yeah.

If you double one twice...

I guess, like, say, it's four.

And did you know that the amount of brain cells that it took for you to do that calculation?

It was a big number, I think.

Well, can you imagine the amount of grains of sugar on every gum drop in North America?

In North America?

Just North America.

So, Canada, the US...

Yes.

And Mexico.

Okay.

Yes.

All right.

Okay.

Yeah.

That is almost equal to the amount of brain cells that it took for you to do that calculation.

Okay, that's a lot.

That's a lot.

Yeah.

Okay.

Sounds like I got myself a friend that's going to walk around the neighborhood, make sure we are safe and also bring a potato salad to this black party we got going on.

Okay.

Now, there's two things that you've put me down for that I'm really not interested in doing.

Hey, if you were to bring a pot salad, that's okay.

I mean, I'm bringing a potato salad, but if you could always use more potato salad.

Why do you want me to bring a potato salad as well, then?

You don't make a potato salad?

I'm sure I might if I tried, but I'm trying to probably be really great at it, actually.

There we go.

Okay, I'm going to bring a potato salad.

All right.

I'm not going to creep around the neighborhood with you, though.

I want to do that.

I don't want any more friends.

And to be honest, you seem like a loser with your terrible smile, your awful laugh.

I don't want to hear that laugh anymore.

Scott, I don't even know how you could afford to move into the neighborhood, quite honestly.

Unless you're the son of Elon Musk, or one of the sons of Elon Musk or something.

How did you do?

Well, he is an electronics expert.

He's in demand.

Yeah.

Yes, but it's not computers.

It's not like you invested in Apple, right?

I mean, like you're.

Okay, maybe these animatronics are the most sophisticated or up-to-date computer.

Wait, did you?

You moved into the place that's about to be torn down.

Yeah.

Yeah, three doors there.

Okay.

Yeah.

See, you're just kind of like you're not my, it's like you're not my type of vibe.

You know what I mean?

Like, like I like hanging out with like rich people like Patton over here, you know, like we're buddies.

You know, he's a big movie star.

Like, you know, like we hang out.

You're early.

Never mind.

Go ahead.

You know, I mean like you're like a loser with a bad smile and a terrible job.

And a wife who's like hanging out in the hallway.

It's like, you know, the whole thing is just not jelling with me.

Okay.

God.

Um, Scott, it looks like he's going to cry.

I don't want to hear this guy cry.

Yeah.

What's this crying?

No, I don't.

That's not why I said that.

I don't want to.

What a what a what a what a what a what a what.

As if to say I'm the one crying.

Well, yeah, make sure it's clear in case you were thinking someone else was crying.

I look.

I apologize.

That was so crappy.

What you did.

I mean, I apologize.

But go to his block party.

I'm going to I'm accepting on your behalf.

He would be.

He would go because he invited you.

I'm going to be out of town.

Yeah.

I got a tour.

No, no, no, I know you're around.

I'm touring this month.

But this this was until September, right?

This is September.

Yeah, you go.

Absolutely.

September what?

Well, no, no, no dates start with law.

No, it's September 11th.

Oh, oh, yeah.

We figure that's when most people are going to be free.

So, um, we got what?

Huh?

Doing what?

Free free.

Yeah, just like we remember it.

We don't take the day off.

You don't?

Maybe we should.

I do.

I call in every year.

You call it in?

I call it in every year.

They know it and I pay my respects.

All right.

Call into who?

You mean calling sick to work or you call in somewhere to pay your respects?

I go to, uh, I go to one of the whatever ride I'm working on that day.

Then I we all go to it.

We go to it and then me and all the animatronics, I shut them all down.

You take the animatronics with you?

I take.

Well, watch.

I'm at the animatronics.

I'm at the right.

It's all a president.

Maybe it makes sense, but no, it's normally if I'm at like Snow White or sometimes if there's like, uh, Alice of Wonderland, I shut them all down, required for a little bit.

I don't care if people are on the ride or not.

And then we, and then I, I rather back up everyone celebrates.

We're good to go speak of animatronics.

There's going to be Mr. Toad and Mr. Toad's wild ride animatronics.

I'm bringing them to the block party.

So if you want to see them outside of their element.

All right.

Okay.

This sounds okay.

Okay.

Welcome to the neighborhood.

Yes.

Fix up your place.

You know, I will.

Then I get the collateral.

The fact you can't even pay for it.

You need collateral.

Scott, I just moved here from Atlanta.

We are in a different price tier out here on the West Coast.

I don't know.

I don't like having neighbors like you, but all right.

Well, welcome to the show.

We need to take a break if that's okay.

About me through show.

You got to run it by me.

Look, you say no, I won't fix an animatronics.

You say no, I'm not going to take a break.

I'm an animatronic engineer.

I ain't a sound engineer.

Okay.

Do you want me to take a break or do you not want to take a break?

Okay.

I have been.

Not passive aggressively either.

Do you really want to take a break?

I want to take a break because I got a joke to tell you.

And it's got to be off air.

Why is it?

Okay.

Race is still hard.

No.

Okay.

It's untested material.

I'll take his word for us.

Let's do it off air.

Look, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have a musician.

That's very exciting.

We'll be right back with more Padnazz.

We'll have more Ellen Norton, Simon Harris, Finley Finster, more Dean Hormel.

We'll be right back with more Comedy Bang Bang after this.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here.

Padnazz wall is here.

I love my dad.

He is acting up a storm right now.

Right now, acting like he's...

I'm doing Pantamime.

If you saw the stuff I was doing, you like, get that guy out of that box.

He's suffocating.

Did you work on things like the Immortal Bard and stuff like that in order to prepare your acting work for this movie?

The Immortal Bard.

No, I read the script that the guy sent me and then asked him about his dad and just tried to focus on that.

Oh, all right.

Interesting.

We also...

To start us...

To start us pulling the magic, Scott, you're like, I'm interested.

I'm going to take it a little more seriously.

All right.

We also have Ellen Norton, Simon Harris, Finley Finster.

An astrophysicist.

Yeah, an astronaut and physicist.

Astron physicist.

Yeah.

Also, we have Dean Hormel and he told us a joke during the break.

I didn't really appreciate it.

That was...

I was gonna say...

I've never made so many phone calls after a joke.

Yeah.

Hey, better to ask for forgiveness and friendship.

Okay, David Lee Roth.

All right.

Well, let's bring on our next guest.

Speaking of David Lee Roth, our next guest is a musician.

So that's very exciting for people who enjoy listening to those wonderful notes dough through dough.

Let's try to loop around.

Loops back around to dough.

Let's welcome him right now.

He's a musician.

Johnny Scott.

Hello, hello, everyone.

What should I say?

Bada dada dada shmada bada pia dapnya.

Oh, thank you so much.

Thank you so much.

Thank you.

Is that what you do for a living?

Is that part of your music or is that like...

Yes, right.

Do you have some sort of affliction where you just...

You do that.

No, no, no.

My only affliction is my addiction to music.

I love music.

I can't give you a positive.

So I just love that.

You don't see much around anymore.

Yeah, Kim Cottrell does it.

Kim Cottrell?

Yeah, Kim Cottrell does it.

She does, really?

Have you not seen...

She's gots?

Yeah, have you not seen those videos?

From...

No, no.

Oh, actually, I have...

We'll all do respect to...

As a scatter.

...Cottrell.

She's doing more of what we call a putter.

Oh.

But I'm gonna scatter.

Oh.

We'll just do that.

Bada dada dada dada dapnya.

Good.

You're the issue.

We have to applaud everything.

Thank you so much.

No, no, no.

We'll be applauding all day.

Oh, that's right.

He's right.

These days when you bring up the term scat, unfortunately, people aren't thinking about music.

They're thinking about this very naughty, gross thing.

Shit.

Yeah, there's apparently people out there.

And I'm not shaming them because, hey, I got...

I like cherries that look like nipples.

So who am I to...

Cherries that look like nipples?

You like to eat them?

Or do you mean the opposite?

You like nipples that look like cherries?

No, that's disgusting.

I like cherries that look a little bit like my own nipples.

So that's where I'm saying I can't.

You're own nipples.

Yeah, which is weird.

So I'm like, do you know what I'm gonna do?

Is it difficult to get cherries like that?

Very difficult.

Can I see your nipples?

You see?

They're very sharp.

Yeah, and they look nothing like cherries.

No, no, that's why I've never found a cherry that looked like my nipples.

But hey.

How do you know you like them though?

You say you like to eat them or do you just like to see that they exist?

I just want to see that they exist.

No.

Maybe give me a kiss or two.

Do I draw them?

I saw a kid I would doodle and like one of the main things I would doodle other than that weird looking S that all kids would draw was just like.

What weird?

Hold on.

What weird?

There's one right there on the table.

What?

He's looking S.

It's like a weird looking S that like we drew.

We had to call that a two.

Wait, where?

Is that this lightning ball?

Oh, that's a two.

That's a two.

What are you looking at, Pat?

I saw it really.

But what S are you talking about?

It looks like the kiss?

It's like no, it's like an S that we all in when we were kids would sort of doodle.

Oh, oh, the one that looks like an eight or whatever?

Yes, yes.

Oh, got it.

Got it.

There we go.

That's what I'm talking about.

Okay.

So you would doodle that and then you doodle your own nipples?

I would doodle.

It's kind of weird.

What I would do is I would doodle and cherry that looks like my nipple.

Oh, that's not okay.

But the reason I brought that up was not to talk about my extremely sharp nipples.

It was to say that I don't judge anybody for weird behavior.

But I'm hearing about scatting these days.

It's not bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad, bad.

What it is is a bunch of people getting together and getting turned on, get this now, by the smell and texture of what poo poo or as I like to call it do key.

Oh, oh, oh.

So two of the senses, the smell, yes, the texture.

What about the side of it?

Are people repulsed by that?

I don't know.

I think these people are just getting horny off just whatever.

All five of the senses.

Let's get the smell.

Touching it.

Touching it, smelling it, they're seeing it.

They're seeing it.

Are they listening to it?

I guess you can hear like a...

Yeah, exactly.

And if you squish it in your hand, it had mixes of noise.

And then what's the other one?

I know there's a fifth one.

Taste.

All the worst one.

You know, I did a concert in Colorado.

Congrats.

Thank you so much.

I did it for free.

In fact, I paid to get there.

But when I went there, I knew what...

Can I rescind the congrats?

I'm not sure if that's possible.

No.

Sorry, dude.

Let me tell you what happened.

I hear them.

I got invited to this scatathon.

I was like, oh my god.

Here, I could show people what I can do.

Like a marathon of scatting.

Yes.

I get on stage.

Well, guess what?

As soon as I start going...

Tada, tada, tada, tada, tada, tada, tada, tada, tada.

Somebody else show us the poop.

And then I...

You know you were at the wrong scat.

The wrong way.

No.

Because people don't care about scat music anymore.

But they care about scat fetish, which was still disappointed.

And this was something that you had paid to go to.

Thousands of dollars.

And let me say, I'm not doing well.

Oh, I'm paying that much.

Scat music doesn't pay well.

The other day, guess what I had for lunch?

Ah, shit.

No.

That's ridiculous.

No.

What I had was a...

You liked that.

I had an open condom.

Team likes.

And I'm sorry, what?

An open condom.

So if you go to pharmacies, oftentimes the condoms that are open, they throw away in the back.

They do?

Yes.

All pharmacies have a whole box in the back.

Why are there so many open condoms?

Yeah.

Ask Trojan.

Ask the condom companies.

I think the man is actually...

Right.

If I could get them on the phone, I would.

You got that problem too, scat?

Oh my God.

Hey, make these bigger.

Oh, I say make them more digestible.

I can't...

I have the worst stomach problems from eating these loose condoms.

But here's a thing.

Stop doing it then.

Scat, do you have money you can give me?

No, no, let me back up.

Why are you spending thousands to get to Colorado?

What are your costs?

What's your overhead?

A flight.

Okay.

A room and board.

Sure.

One night?

Huh?

One night?

Two nights?

It was two nights.

Two nights?

Okay.

At a place called Riverdale Hostel.

It was a...

Oh, no.

It was a...

We're talking at all in, we're talking maybe $400 at this point.

Yes, but here's a thing.

$400.

Okay?

Yeah.

Not to...

Also including the $2,000 worth of alcohol I drank at a bar.

Okay, this is what we're getting today.

Okay.

No, no, no.

Do I have a problem with alcohol?

No.

I have a problem with being sober.

But that's not...

Okay, so look, you're drinking thousands of dollars of alcohol every night.

You're eating condoms.

You are involved in an art form that I guess is now not as popular as a very, very severely strange fetish that people are doing.

Yeah, apparently as I've learned now, scatting was very famous in the 50s and 60s.

No one likes it anymore.

I would say it was kind of gone by then.

I think it was 30s.

Yeah, but 40s.

Yeah, 30s.

You know, the jokes on me then, I guess.

But the reason...

Really, really?

When you love something, you do it.

What got you into scatting?

Yeah.

Well, so basically what happened is I didn't start talking until I was about seven.

Really?

Yeah.

Were you an emotional child who communicated through...

Just incredibly stupid as the doctor said.

Oh, you didn't even understand language.

I did, but didn't care to engage with anyone.

Engage, okay, yeah.

And of course, my doctor was a little bit ignorant.

Kept on my mom, he's like, hey, the kids are dummy.

Why don't you get rid of them and get another one?

Because you can constantly...

Well, wait, have more children apparently.

Wow.

You were already born in the doctor telling your mom to get rid of this kid.

That is a late term abortion.

Wow.

That's too late.

Can we all agree that's too late?

Yeah.

My mom's like, I believe in a woman's letter.

No matter what.

I'm not going to abort this child after he's already...

At seven.

Right, exactly.

I believe life begins at the point of language acquisition.

Oh, really?

So we have to abort them before then?

As long as they're not speaking in sentences...

Hey, that's later than I believe, but everyone...

Okay.

I believe everyone has the right to choose.

So if you believe that, I'm okay with it.

There's no way we can prove it.

Okay.

You're saying instead of talking, you were drawn to scatting or that's how you first communicated with people.

My first communicated through scatting.

Okay.

And so if I wanted milk, I'd be like, mama, mama, da da da da da da da da da da da da.

Put a milk in my hand and then a sip of it.

Hey, right.

So...

It sounded like a sip.

Yeah.

It was logic to it.

It was.

But as my mom would say, no dumbbell talks like that.

Right?

My poor mom, she did everything she could.

This was a different time.

This was back in the 2000s where we just didn't know much about...

Oh, so you're a thousand?

Yeah.

I'm 23 years old.

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

So you're...

Listen, just going back.

So you...

Where did you start school then?

Were you still communicating with scatting?

Because I'm seven years old.

Yeah.

Aren't you in kindergarten at that point?

I was.

I wasn't kindergarten.

I wasn't a special kindergarten.

Okay.

Oh.

For kids who refused to speak.

Okay.

Oh, wow.

I didn't know that they had schools like that.

It's just kids who don't feel like it.

It's so specific.

And also it's hard to ask for a school like that if you don't speak.

Well, here's an...

If these kids weren't traumatized, they just didn't feel like it.

Oh, okay.

A lot of them came from very rich privilege backgrounds which I did not.

Okay.

My mother bless us all.

She had three jobs.

My father...

Which three?

She was...

Let me see what was it.

She was...

You're finding it hard to speak.

No, do it through scatting.

Okay.

My mother had three jobs.

One was a water person.

What?

She worked for the department of water.

She would bring water to people's houses.

Oh.

I was picturing a football game that she was...

Like the water, right?

Yeah.

But no, she's one of those people who brings waters to people's houses.

Like bottle water.

This is a 2000.

So we didn't have a lot of the stuff you have now.

Okay?

Yeah.

He likes it.

The water boy.

The water boy got me.

I was thinking of that movie.

He likes that movie.

So funny movie.

He's like, is that your wife outside?

Brenda?

Yeah.

I was like, who was this person with the most awful laugh I've ever heard?

She laughed.

Why?

Why so much is that?

I'm so sorry.

Wow.

Yeah.

That was interesting.

Your wife laughs the same as you do?

She does laugh the same as me.

Is that how you got together or you learned to laugh together that way?

We learned to laugh together.

We had very different laughs and then we...

Urged him into...

Oh, okay.

And then hers must have been crazy.

Me, me, me, me.

So blending them together, it comes out as me.

Me, me, me, me.

Okay, me, me.

Interesting.

I mean, that makes sense to me.

Yeah.

You ever thought about scattering my friend?

You got a good tongue right there.

I think I'm all the time.

Oh, really?

Try this.

But that's...

That's...

That's okay.

That's...

It sounded exactly like this.

I'm not even saying that.

I'm not saying that.

Honestly, like, I don't know SCAT all that well.

It's not popular anymore other than Kim Katrajal.

Please don't remind me.

It wasn't even real...

I mean, to be honest, it was barely popular when it was popular.

Well, that's not true.

If you flew to Colorado for this, you said Scatathon?

For that Scatathon.

Yes.

Have you done other gigs, other performances?

Have you ever been playing the SCAT?

Unfortunately, every performance that I've done as a SCAT performer ended up being at a SCAT club where it was all dedicated to, of course, being turned on by the textured smell of poo poo, AKA Dookie, AKA Kakka, AKA Crappy.

No, we know what it is.

Oh, yeah, we know.

Is that where you got that...

Poo Poo Poo Dookie.

The T-shirt you're wearing, it says we put the SCAT and says SCAT you on?

Yes.

You got that at one of those?

I did get that at one of those.

I wonder because the lettering is brown and it looks like it's dripping.

Yeah, there's a fly on the S.

What do you smell this shirt?

That's what it smells like.

I got one of these.

Is that where you got that hat that says SCAT's, not CAT's?

Yes.

This is not the musical.

Yes.

Is this a shit party?

Yes.

Yes, tiny writing.

You're writing.

Yes, maybe I should stop.

You might say, okay, why don't you stop wearing this?

No, I'm sorry.

I hate to interrupt.

Is that where you got the button that you're wearing that says SCAT's entertainment?

Yes.

Okay.

That's not another scatathon.

No, you should stop wearing this stuff because it makes me want to book you at one of these places.

I mean, are you getting these jobs?

Look, I mean, all these jobs are beyond us by mistake, okay?

Yeah.

Once again, it comes down to this.

People aren't listening to SCAT music the way they used to back in the 30s.

They used to listen to it like contemptuously almost.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I didn't hear the SCAT, man.

That I thought, no, not SCAT, man, I cried.

That's one of the greatest actors that's ever lived.

He started SCAT-ing, didn't he not?

He started as a SCAT.

That's what we called him the SCAT, man.

You don't know that?

You're a...

No, I thought he was just an actor in the fantastic...

In the show.

I'm not even shining.

Yeah, no, but...

And you never wondered where his name SCAT-man came from?

No, I thought his...

You know, he had a fun family that decided to name him SCAT.

But you know, I wish I had a fun name like that.

My real name is not.

My last name, Real, isn't SCAT.

Oh, yeah, it's Johnny Scott.

What is your actual last name?

Pooping Hyman.

Yeah, it's just two terrible things.

You know, why?

Why?

There's nothing wrong with poop or a hyman.

Oh, he's crying.

Oh, no, boy.

You okay?

You made Dean Hormel cry.

What's wrong?

It's a tragic story.

It's a tragic story that was your name and now you don't even go by it anymore.

Well, no, I...

It's tragic that he had it and it's a tragedy.

He doesn't go by it.

No, there's no tragedy here.

You know why?

Because I followed something I love.

And when you follow something you love, sometimes you have to be prepared to walk into the abyss.

Yeah.

What's my abyss?

A bunch of places where people are getting off on the texture and smell of...

It sounds like it seems to me like you like it now, though, to be honest.

Because like, one time this happening is an accident.

Yeah, twice.

It would seem to be pretty easy to vet these places after a while.

Especially based on all these logos.

Yeah, yeah.

Like the headband you're wearing.

Right.

Yeah.

That's a rising star.

Yeah.

But the star...

Is that a poop themed comedy?

Yeah.

It looks like it from based on that and it's against a brick wall.

But the logo that's standing at a microphone is a pile of poop.

Yeah.

Listen, it's not like I have the money to go to Zara whenever I want.

Okay.

I can't just go to HANM.

HANM.

What's Zara?

Zara?

Is that Cirque du Soleil?

No, it's a clothing store.

Oh, oh, oh.

I'm sorry.

I don't have the money to go to Macy's.

HANM.

Is that Cirque du Soleil?

HANM.

Is it just HANM?

I'm sorry.

I don't know.

I don't have the money to shop at these places.

They're not adding an extra egg at these places.

You know, look, the thing is this, I'm struggling.

We get it.

But what I'm trying to say is you're, I'm struggling to see how you could be tricked.

I say that in quotes so many times.

I think you actually like it.

The mere fact that like a race car driver, you're sponsored by used huggies?

Like, well, I like- Yeah, that's a little weird.

I like it.

Okay.

Fine.

You're pulling it out of me.

You're making me take it the dump of truth as some of my friends.

See the fact that you're saying dump too?

Okay.

Anyway, go ahead.

I'm going to these places because they've been providing free clothing to me.

Okay?

I'm not interested in poop.

I'm just not.

I'm not interested in it.

It doesn't turn me on.

In fact, most things don't turn me on.

Well, I see that on the back of your jacket, it says that.

I'm not interested in poop.

Right.

But then you like the Ghostbusters, you have a circle around it and a slash through it.

Yeah.

Which means you are interested in it.

And the poop is like the ghost.

Like the ghost.

And like Ghostbusters too, it's holding up a two song.

Yeah, you should just have the slash number two.

Like kids a person wear clothes without it being their life.

Like if you've got a billabong shirt, what if I come and go, hey, are you a billabong?

And you're like, no, it's just a shirt.

I'm just saying.

No, I would say I use billabong.

Your metal water bottle.

And I'm glad that you're recycling.

Right.

It's just on the side, it says, scats what friends are for.

And it's Deon Warwick and Elton John and they're made of poop.

Right.

It's very strange.

Yeah.

Because they were just two of those singers on there.

They were only two.

Yeah.

It's just very odd that you wouldn't include the other singers.

Yes.

Look, I didn't include nothing.

This is the bottle I got for free.

Okay.

That's what we're saying.

You seem to be doing a lot of this stuff.

Okay.

Have I got into the scat community a little bit and became friends with people?

Yes.

Am I still scatting?

Shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up, shut up.

Yes, I'm still scatting.

I'm sorry, Scott.

I'm not here to talk about poop.

You brought it up within seconds of your introduction.

And you're also a walking billboard for it.

They're giving me the clothes for free, guys.

I'm almost one step away from living on the street.

The flap in your pants is open and you could button it.

But it's hot.

I mean, what's the point?

What are we talking about here?

Hey, sometimes it's better to ask for forgiveness information.

Okay, daily rub.

Yes.

I need to hear this quote.

Oh, to stop when he's up.

I guess I'm confused because it's not just the clothes.

Like you carry the water bottle and then you drag this movie poster and you hung it up behind you and it says, Scatty Shack.

This is starring Phil Poorey.

And it has a gopher made of poop?

Yes.

I mean, why hang that up on our wall?

I'm growing hair on my tongue from saying this so many times.

These are things that were given to me for free by my new friends in the Scat community.

You have a library with you at our place.

Where would I keep it?

In the car where it could burn?

That's a good point.

These do burn in cars.

Okay, guys, make a suggestion.

I'm just trying to sort of look.

They're in the community.

Obviously, it's a subgenre of porn and they do make videos.

Have you ever offered your services?

Let me be the soundtrack to the Scat video.

As the activities happen, you can be over doing your Scatting.

Okay.

I've done a few soundtracks for Scat videos.

Okay.

A few.

Have you appeared in them as well?

A few.

And by few, I mean, I don't know.

Hundreds?

2,500 or 5.

2,500 Scat videos you've been hired in.

Yes.

I wasn't scatting.

Like, I wasn't poop-scatting.

I was bad at that.

No, he's doing a soundtrack.

I said, that shit about dying.

Are these popular?

Huh?

Are these popular videos?

Are you in the Scat community?

They're the number one thing.

Oh, no, no, no.

I'll tell you one more.

When you were just scatting just now, you said the phrase, shit on my dang.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Shit on my dang.

Right.

Yeah.

What is that about?

Now, is that a coded message?

Shit on my dang.

Meaning your dang.

Yeah, that was the song that I wrote for a new Scat film that just came out.

It's called, I Shit What About You?

I eat shit.

What about you?

They didn't name it.

I gotta come up with better titles.

I didn't like the title.

I didn't name it though.

They asked me like, dude, do you want to put music on it?

Why throw this back in my court?

No.

You know, it's like, keep it to yourself.

Look, I understand that these things are troubling for some people to hear.

Okay, but there's another world out there that people don't understand.

Some people are into getting hard and getting wet, pardon me folks, but this is how it is, getting hard and getting wet based off of the texture in the order of poop.

Yes.

Caca.

Yes.

No, we know that.

Yeah.

You are one of them.

Look, if you bring me a bowl, I wish I could, how about this?

If I bring you a bowl of shit.

Right now, see what I do with it.

I bet you won't see me get hard.

I don't, anything.

I don't have to, Dave, do you have one?

Do I have a bowl of shit?

I mean, Dean of Britain.

Oh, no, no, no, no, let's not, let's like, I'm right out of this, please.

Can I just ask you a question, but I love film scores and composing.

I know, you know, friends with Michael Chiaquino.

Wow.

Yeah, that's a little bit of a brag, but he's amazing.

Like friends, friends or like friends, friends.

Like how often do you get together with?

A couple of times a month.

Whoa, that's what he's famous for.

Anyway, acquaintances.

When you compose, when you compose this theme, work acquaintances.

Go ahead.

When you compose the theme for a scat video, are you riffing it while you're watching it?

Do you watch it first to think about it?

Are you a hummer, as they say in the, in the biz?

So this is my process.

The first thing I do is I go to the bathroom, sit on a toilet and start taking a mean number two or as I sometimes like to call it a chunk of funk.

So what I do.

You're really into this.

I mean, here's a thing.

So one term's for a good one.

Why did you wink at me?

Why did you ask me to do that?

Yeah.

You winked to Ellen and you winked to Patton, but you were bla- I guess I'm trying to figure out if anyone here is into the same thing or not.

God or I?

Look, okay.

Let's just put it on the table.

Anyone here to turn on by shit?

Okay, fine.

I won't say anything.

Is that why you're here?

You're looking for more people who are?

I'm looking to, I'm looking to grow my community.

Okay?

My community is scat music.

It's, I've also now joined the scat community.

Community because you like it.

I'm trying to bring them together.

Right.

Okay.

I'm just, I'm just an artist here.

I'm just wanting to be on the dream.

Just be honest with it right off the bat because we could have saved so much time on this interview.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, be honest about what?

That I told you, I'm not getting wet and I'm not getting hard from shit.

What I'm getting is friendship.

Friendship from some good folks that people look down on and they don't deserve to be looked down.

That's nice.

That's not, not judgment here.

Yeah.

That sounds like it's been judgment since it's not at all.

No.

Everyone's into whatever they're into.

Yeah, that's what you're talking about.

I'll tell you one thing that does excite me about your world.

Did you know there are more microorganisms?

Oh, okay.

And teaspoon of human fecal matter.

Is it?

Oh, that's up your alley.

The fecal matter.

Fecal matter.

It is up my alley and it's also up my moody, but that's a joke.

That's a fecal joke.

I'm not a comedian.

You like a singer.

But I think that's it.

I think that's it.

He loves it.

Oh, no.

Now he's starting to cry.

Oh, no.

Oh my gosh.

What do you got?

What?

I just remembered.

We have a block party.

I don't want a bunch of shit going up the back party.

Why am I music?

Do you want scat music?

Yeah.

Right.

Oh, we have his guys three doors down CD.

That's right.

Great.

Oh, that is a mic.

That's how you eat.

And an amplifier.

And a right there.

Great.

We can do that.

Where do you live?

Huh?

Where do you live?

Detroit.

We can do it Scott.

We can do it.

Road trip.

Nice.

Oh, man.

Hit me in the face.

I want to high five.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I don't.

Animatronics are stiff when I give animatronics high fives.

They're in one set position.

Oh, I go.

Okay.

I'll stay in one set position.

We'll see what happens.

It wasn't even moving.

Yeah.

It's a magic treat.

Hey, we'll get it right at the block party.

Okay.

All right.

High fiving is not as hard as you guys are making it look like.

But what were you saying, Mike?

No, don't judgments.

But look, we have to take a break.

No, okay.

That's fine.

We don't have time to get to what he was saying.

Unfortunately, whatever it was.

It's a joke.

It's a new joke.

Oh, Tony, you're a joke.

Let's go to the course right now.

Look, we're running out of time.

We just have time for one final feature on the show.

That is, of course, a little something called plugs.

I don't know how to end it.

So I feel this is a good way to.

Yeah.

Oh, so touching.

That was drive train Daisy plugs by lost and found.

Oh, our old friend lost and found.

Thank you so much for that.

All right.

What do we plug in?

Obviously, Pat and we have, I love my dad.

I love my dad in theaters Friday, August 5th.

Same day premiering on Netflix, the Sandman.

I'm in that.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

Later.

Have you seen it yet?

I've seen the whole season.

It is amazing.

Oh, man.

Can't wait.

And then Wednesday, August 24th, my creator owned comic.

I co-created with Jordan Blum.

Minor threats will come out from Dark Horse.

Oh, good.

All right.

Plenty of patent.

Lots of patent to give you your patent fix.

Ellen Norton, Simon Harris, Finley Finster.

What do you want to plug here?

Oh, you know, I can't remember if I plugged this at another time or if anybody else plugged this.

You can check out Susie Barrett in an improvised short film called GUM.

Yeah.

And if you heard about this, whatisgum.com.

Great.

I'll plug something else.

That's great.

Whatisgum.com?

Whatisgum.com.

People can see that film.

Yeah, they can.

And you can plug something else if you want.

No, that's all right.

Okay.

I'll save something for next time.

All right.

Dean Hormel, what do you want to plug here?

You want to check out Maggie on Hulu?

It is out now.

All episodes are streaming.

And also we got one hell of a block party coming up if you want to head over to our neighborhood.

September 11th.

Check it out.

Right after you take the moment of silence at Disneyland.

Yep.

And we got you bringing the Mr. Toads wild ride down the Toronto down to the.

We're putting it right in front of your plane garage door.

It is good to be a side to behold.

You'll see Scott creeping around.

It's going to be who.

I don't like a shadow.

Johnny Scott, aka Johnny Poop and Hyman.

Yes.

What do you want to plug here?

A couple of things if you don't mind.

One of them is I just we just released.

I did a soundtrack for a brand new scat film called Holy Shit Word.

All this poop come from.

It's kind of a.

It's a comedy.

It's like a it's a it's a it's a workplace comedy.

Please come and it's about an office that like they should stop ordering poop.

No, they order it.

Yeah, they order it.

The order and the song is God that sounds gross.

But the song is like it starts like that.

That's that that that that that that that that that that that that that that where the shirt come from.

And that's what's.

Oh, it starts like that.

I'm also doing a I'm also doing a concert in Detroit.

Oh, it's a scat concert.

Congrats.

Not me.

I'm saying conscats.

It's good.

Very you all are very good at these poop puns.

Very good.

I'm doing a concert there also my good friend Peter Banifaz.

He's in this wonderful film called Everything Ever At All At Once.

Everyone should go see us.

Good movie.

Yeah, it's very good.

I think I mentioned that guy right.

Yeah, yeah, very nice guy.

Very nice guy.

Okay.

Yeah, and that's it.

And if this if I can just say one more last thing before I go.

Well, no, we're not done.

Like I have to plug people.

Okay.

Oh, jeez, you just took a dump right.

I'll pick it up.

Don't pick it up.

Leave it there.

We'll get a towel.

I don't know what the right thing to do is put in the trash.

They don't put themselves in the trash.

Believe me.

Stop picking it up with your butt cheeks.

Well, I'm touching with my hands.

Jesus Christ.

All right.

I want to plug.

Hey, tonight's the night.

We start the comedy bang bang tour tonight for the next four weeks.

And tonight we're in Minnesota.

And then we go, of course, to so many places, Chicago and St. Louis and Texas and everywhere all around.

So head over to cbbworld.com slash tour.

You can get tickets.

And then also while you're at cbbworld.com, you can if you sign up as a Maximus member, you can hear every stop of the tour.

You can follow us along on tour all month.

So subscribe if you subscribe for a year.

You get two months free.

And so yeah, we'll see you out there on tour.

Me, Paul have Tomkins and assorted cast of characters.

We're going to have a lot of fun.

So I hope to see you at your own town.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one minute.

Put it up.

Take the other bullet down.

You're going to make a box.

It's not too short to close it.

But don't close it too much.

Or you're going to make a box.

It's not too short to close it.

But don't close it too much.

Or you're going to make a box.

Oh yeah, that was Kate.

We are going to make a box.

We will see you next time.

Thanks.

Bye.

Here it goes.

We are going to make a box.

♪♪♪ Okay.
