♪♪♪ Call me your smell just as long as you call me.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Ah, thank you to Jason Sudeikas for that catchphrase submission.

I'd like to think that's Jason in a guise on his burner account.

It's like, yes, my phone is adjacent to me, and that's why I'm in.

It's gonna turn me with some papers.

Oh my God!

Shimmy?

Oh, God, go! Oh, shit!

Shimmy was back.

We're just saying he had to go.

So quick, Comic-Con's going up.

I think you're going!

Comic-Con's going up.

Coming up.

It's three weeks ago.

Oh, y'all got your papers, guys.

Shimmy.

Ah, we love shimmy around these parts.

So much more than classic Jarls, I gotta say.

Shimmy is just so much more affable.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, and boy, this is exciting.

My name is Scott Ocherman, and we've been, as you know, if you've been listening to the show, this is, of course, not only Humanities Podcast, but Humanity and the Animal Kingdoms Podcast.

And if you've been listening over the past few months, we have had a dearth of celebrities on the show.

Name them.

Uh, the ones who haven't been on?

Yeah!

Jason Sidicus!

It is right there.

Shimmy, you're back!

I don't know about it.

Okay, bye.

You gotta go.

But the past three weeks, oh my God, the stars are out tonight shining in the sky.

I'm there here in the studio as well.

We have one of our favorites here with us.

Coming up a little later, we have an American citizen as well as a Hollywood, I wrote down citizen, but Hollywood starlet.

Hollywood citizen and citizen, too.

Hollywood citizen.

Okay, good.

But before we get to them, please welcome, she's been on the show many times before.

She started out as a small girl in Saskatoon, is that where you're from?

No, where are you from again?

Regina!

It's Regina!

That's right, right there.

Canada's Best.

Probably the best amongst Canada's ex-arts.

Name them.

Oh, shit.

Martin Chorton.

That's right.

Martin Chorton, you.

I love Martin Chorton.

Those are the two best.

Both short.

I love the theaters.

Bye.

Shit, shimmy.

Shit.

Please welcome back to the show to Teotima Slalen.

Hello.

She has a new show, the not she shredder.

No.

We talked about.

Like we had hoped.

It's a bit more a she turtle.

Yeah, that's true.

Like I'm sort of living out my absolute dream.

You finally get to be a green, yes.

Yes.

Now, a long time listeners of this show know that it wasn't the first time we were here.

It wasn't the first time we met, was it?

Or was it?

Oh, yeah, no, absolutely.

Literally the first time we met you came to San Diego Comic Con and said you wanted to come to the show and you and Christian came dressed as Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles.

Because my publicist convinced me that we would be mobbed.

Mobbed by people.

She's like, you must come in disguise.

You gotta be in disguise.

You're like, you're right.

We're so famous.

We must come in that in the aisle.

To this off-site comedy show that has nothing to do with Comic Con.

The theater was like four miles away from Comic Con.

Yeah, we took like a lot of Googles.

That's right.

And you guys were in very small Ninja Turtles costumes.

Small being the Christian as an adult male.

Yes.

And I'm a boy-sized child woman.

But they were four teens at most.

They were for babies.

It was for babies.

They were for babies.

It said babies on the front of the thing.

And so you've always wanted to be green.

And here you are.

Ninja Turtles, two Secret of the Us is your favorite, as I recall.

You've memorized several parts of it.

Impact towns.

Yeah, what can you hit us with those again?

Because you've done all this on our Ninja Turtles podcast.

I love to hear.

I feel like I need, yeah.

Okay.

So we're in the underground mall.

Okay.

This is the first fight.

Kino's just tried to deliver the pizza.

But then he gets distracted because he sees people are...

This goes deep.

Not only are we subterranean in the location alone, but we're also deep in the lore of Ninja Turtles.

Okay.

So these are the sounds?

Now these are the sounds of the Turtles.

Of the Turtles.

Yeah.

So we got...

Yeah.

Wait.

Now I...

That's time to tell of pushing this clown thing.

Okay.

And then we cut back to him.

And then he's the clown thing.

And he goes...

And he knocks this guy's...

Yeah.

He does a classic.

Look down here and you actually get hit.

And then he's okay.

He...

Yeah.

Fuck.

That's one of many.

I can keep going.

Oh my god.

Please don't.

I would have really ready.

Okay.

You can go to ours in the movie.

It was only 90 minutes.

That's right.

You'll go even longer.

Do you know all the lyrics to Ninja Rap?

Yeah, I do.

You know that.

I know that.

I already did that.

Of course.

I know.

She is green once again in her new show.

She Hulk.

Which comes out this Wednesday on Disney Plus.

Right.

And this is part of the...

Look, I'm just going to say it.

The MCU.

Right.

You know, why are we beating around the boys?

My man.

You're in it, baby.

I know.

Whoops.

I mean Iron Man's dead spoilers for that last Avengers movie.

He is.

Oh, shit.

Is this the only reason you got into it?

Yeah, I could just learn what's going on.

Just learn the plot points because truly...

Okay, who's Thanos?

Do you know?

Yep, I do.

You do.

And that has something...

Totally.

Thanos is one of the biggest characters in this universe.

Yeah.

In the sense that he...

You know, there's quite a big arc that he has a huge character arc.

He has a huge character arc.

Exactly.

Is in a few movies.

Yeah.

And what I've seen.

Totally.

You've seen them all.

I've seen them all.

And I know where he fits in the story.

So don't...

You don't have that.

Okay, I will not ask you.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And one of the best snappers in pop culture.

From Wham in the Jitterbug song to Avengers.

And you know what that means, right?

Yeah, yeah.

For sure.

Of course.

From Zoolander?

What?

Isn't there a big Jitterbug sequence in Zoolander?

Oh, I'm sure they're...

Yeah, were there...

Or they...

Or the gasoline.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm sure they'll see you.

Of course.

Now, She-Hulk is like...

I was trying to figure out what this is.

And it's like a...

It's like a female Hulk.

I know, it's disgusting.

It's so gross.

Should we start calling people like...

You know, she lawyers and...

Garbage people.

I mean, garbage people is already.

We've changed it from garbage men.

But if you would say she garbage people, that'd be great.

She garbage people.

Yeah, yeah.

It is interesting.

Like, we fought for equality.

Sure.

Do you mean it'd be garbage men?

I'm dragging us back.

I'm single-handedly, I'm sick of this.

But no, if you don't know the comical books, She-Hulk is a great character.

Did you read them?

Yeah, I did.

Growing up, yeah.

In fact, I bought number one when it came out, as I recall.

Ooh, that's worth it.

And I'm sure I don't have it anymore.

But, and I doubt it's worth a lot.

But I'm that.

Fair enough.

But you have not been part of the MCU up till now.

They've been trying to get you.

I've been trying to get them.

Really?

They like rejected me multiple times.

For what?

What did you try out?

Venom?

Not for Venom, unfortunately.

But for Venom's girlfriend or whatever.

Venom's girlfriend.

Yeah.

Not even Tom Hardy.

Yeah.

Eddie Brock's girlfriend just- Dining his girlfriend?

Like who?

Simba Ode's girlfriend.

Who is he trying to date?

She was cut out.

He goes on a romantic date with another.

Just a pile of motor oil.

It's headed Jiffy Lou.

I want to see that.

I love that idea.

What else?

That one, there was something else too that did not work out for me.

Okay.

I'm quite happy with this one.

Yeah, this one's good.

I mean, this is based on some really good comics.

The dance slot era of She-Hulk, which was really fun when it came up.

Back in like 2005 or so or somewhere around there.

And it's basically like what's different for She-Hulk as opposed to the regular Hulk is you keep your personality.

Yeah, she stays herself.

Exactly the same.

She's just taller and more green, I guess.

Yeah, she's got your own tones for sure.

Yeah, exactly.

To her skin.

Sure.

Actually, you know, that's why we use green screens.

I know that's got- I've been acting since I was nine years old.

In Regina.

In Regina, okay.

You're a hander brother.

That seemed gross, like the way you said it.

You're a hander brother.

So you are a lawyer on the show and when you become She-Hulk.

Yeah.

You stay a lawyer.

I tried desperately to stay a lawyer.

Right.

That's the whole thing.

Were they going to disbar you because there's never been a green lawyer before?

Not too far off.

Really?

There's definitely a discrimination against her.

Okay.

Being a superhuman.

But then she ends up getting a job for that very reason.

Right.

And you practice super human law essentially.

Where you're doing cases related to the Marvel.

Yeah.

With goofy superheroes.

Yeah.

With super villain.

Yeah.

Like Daredevil and all that, is he around?

Or I know you can't say anything, right?

Ah!

She's putting her hands over her eyes like a blind person.

Yeah.

Daredevil is blind.

That's right.

I'm mocking him.

We should believe that out.

Oh.

All right.

I'll be shot.

You'll be shot.

Yes.

Now there are several secrets that you have to keep in the MCU.

Right.

Yeah.

Like all the people who are in it, right?

Right.

They say the thing is in it.

Is that...

They say that?

I mean, that's a big rumor.

Who's they?

I don't know.

These comic book sites.

People find this stuff out.

So they found it out.

They found it out is correct.

Wow.

So the thing is...

The thing is in it.

Spoiler alert.

You're playing them, Scott.

Oh, yeah.

This is your audition.

How do you think this is it?

Yeah.

Because if you fail at this, then you fail at this.

It's clobbering time.

That's great.

I love his like kind of reticence.

I don't know what you do.

He doesn't know.

He's a real like a Merle Street walking into a room with too many bags kind of vibe.

Do you know what I'm saying?

I don't know what you mean.

I know her glasses.

That was a big, yeah.

You're trying to start a go recently.

Yeah.

So she has like five bags and she's got to put them down.

Yeah.

And they're just like falling.

Are you that type of actor where it's like all about prop?

Yeah.

I'm a real caret top.

I love a prop.

One of our best actors using props.

Yeah.

That's right.

One of our original props.

Chairman of the board.

I love a prop.

Yeah.

I get nervous with a prop though.

And I think you can see that I'm like, it's like, you know, it's a cup and I could just drink it normally.

But I think I do.

I'm like so aware.

You're like so conscious.

Yeah.

And then you're, yeah.

Yeah.

Of course.

There's, look, I know you can't tell me anything about it.

I know Mark Ruffalo is in it though because he's in the trailer.

So you've given us that much.

He's a great guy.

I know our good friend Jessica Gao is a part of the show.

Do you know Jess?

Yeah.

She worked on bajillion dollar properties.

That's right.

Yeah.

I was very excited when I heard that.

Yeah.

And she's, she, she wrote the Pickle Rick episode of.

Which is the first Rick and Morty episode I ever saw.

Yeah.

And the last.

I hated it.

It was trash.

Stop saying pickle Rick.

So it's got a pedigree between you're acting in Jessica's show running.

Right.

Ruffalo who played that wrestler in that one sandpaper movie or whatever it was called.

Sandpiper.

What was it?

Sandman.

What was it?

I don't know.

It was like a wrestler.

Yeah.

Wrestlers brother with Channing Tatum.

Really?

I believe.

Yeah.

I worked at.

You waddled around.

Oh.

What?

It was on a movie called The Vow.

The Vow?

That's not a real thing.

It is unfortunately.

It was in.

Really?

Yeah.

I love very and love it.

So we seem like see that's a couple where I see it on screen go.

Oh yeah.

I get it.

He's a body builder.

She's a hot model.

Like that makes sense.

This is great and reductive.

I love it.

So they're in a car crash and she loses her memory.

Oh no.

The worst thing that can happen in a car crash.

That's right.

And then he has to convince her I'm the guy you love.

I'm your husband.

I play his body.

This is like regarding Henry, but regarding Henrietta.

This is regardless of Henry.

He has a recording studio.

Of course he's a musician.

Oh.

How does he find time to work out so much then?

I don't know.

Does he like work out for three hours in the morning?

That's right.

He wakes up at rock o'clock.

Right.

Okay.

Do you know that's a thing?

No, what is rock o'clock?

There was a time when I had the rock alarm clock and you can wake up at rock o'clock.

With the rock meaning the rock the end.

The rock, like doing the rock.

Really?

Yeah.

There's a thing on there where it's like wake up at rock o'clock with me.

450 a.m.

Oh no.

And so you.

So it's an automatic setting.

Automatically sets for I guess whatever time zone you're in.

You wake up at 450.

Wait, whatever time zone you're in meaning.

As in he's like.

It's 450 no matter where you're at.

Yeah, you can be.

Not 450 wherever he's at.

No.

Okay.

The world doesn't totally revolve around him.

Is what he's admitting.

Okay.

And what does he say?

Does he say something?

Is it his voice?

I feel like there was like a special recording if you wake up at 450 a.m.

Yeah, like an encouragement.

Yeah, that would be encouraging.

Get up and why did you have that?

I think I really liked him at a time.

Really?

Like he seems like so.

I think I saw that helicopter movie he did.

Helicopter movie.

Was he in a helicopter movie or he had to fly helicopter?

The one where San Andreas or whatever.

Yes, that's right.

So this late you're getting the rock.

So late.

The alarm clock.

Who's this wonderful actor?

Who's his eyes?

Who's had a career for the past 20 years?

That's right.

You should do something with him.

He should first of all, he should lose all that black Adam bullshit.

Well, he was shooting that when we were shooting Shrek.

Really?

Shrek, meaning she, that's what you're being calling.

That's right.

So he was shooting that like next door or what?

He was on the same lawn.

Really?

Yeah.

Can I see him?

Was there ever a scene that like accidentally you walked in his scene and he walked into.

Oh.

Into your scene?

Oh my God.

That would be so awesome.

And they had to green screen him out.

Really?

Yeah, and green screen me.

Oh no.

So suddenly she walked in front of him.

She has the rocks voice.

That's right.

That would have been a great body double for she.

That would have been really cool.

Yeah, he is.

Yeah, but you guys should do a movie together.

Okay.

Like San Andreas too.

Like the aftershock.

I would die too.

Oh my God.

The two of you.

We both pumped together.

He could like lift you above his head a million times.

That would be so cool to watch that.

He could like flip the nail under his foot.

Under his foot.

I thought he meant like under his leg if he spread his legs.

Like you could fit underneath his crotch.

I could absolutely fit there.

Tell us in spoilers.

You got to give us something.

The thing comes out in two days.

Okay.

Last time when you were on our sister show, Scott hasn't seen.

Right.

We were talking about white chicks.

That's right.

Because you're playing a green chick and we thought it would be fun for you to talk about people who changed the color of their skin.

That's right.

You broke some news that it was a musical and everyone treated it seriously.

Everyone has like now on Instagram been like she sings, it ain't easy being green and fever in this show.

It's a musical.

It's the fact.

Just an off-handed like funny joke that you made and everyone made major news.

It pops up often.

Yeah.

I'm tagged on Instagram.

Are people going to be disappointed when this doesn't happen?

It's so sad when I'm not singing fever.

Can you imagine?

Fever.

I don't know how that would fit but maybe second season.

Let's talk to Jess.

Yeah.

So what's, oh, second season.

So there is a second season.

I don't know.

I guess if they like it.

Okay.

But are you on hold?

Yeah.

I got, I signed some stuff.

So can you not take another job?

I can.

Do you have one?

Yeah.

I got a bunch of pitches.

Aftershock.

After rock.

Rock o'clock.

Aftershock.

Tutt for rock.

Yes.

That's my name.

Does that conclude our interview about the she-hole?

I can't tell.

I think so.

No, I can talk my trick.

But I don't know.

It's weird talking to someone who can't say anything about what they're talking about.

I literally don't know what I can and can't say except that she's a lawyer and she's a lawyer and she's a lawyer.

And she's a lawyer.

She'll, she'll, she'll, and she.

And Mark Ruffalo is in it.

And, and.

Benedict Wong is in it.

Benedict Wong.

Is in it.

Benedict Wong from the Doctor Strange movie.

Yes.

Oh, okay.

So he's oh great.

He's wonderful.

And Tim Roth is a nomination in it.

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

Cause we saw, we saw the abomination in Shang Chi.

Yes.

Right.

You Benedict Wong?

No, it's me, Doctor Strange.

Oh my.

From New York City.

I should have known from your over American accent.

What do you mean?

You're over enunciated.

I'm sure I don't know what you're talking about.

Hi, Doctor Strange.

Did you come in through a portal or?

Yeah, of course I did a magical portal, a ring of light.

I mean, just my hand.

Me and Mark.

Yeah.

How'd you get here?

Really?

You take the bus?

I took the L. I love taking the train in New York City.

Well, welcome, Doctor Strange.

Goodbye.

Oh, jeez.

Say hi to Shimi.

He was so believable as a American.

I loved him.

I loved him too.

Well, Tatiana, many successes to you, of course.

How many?

Yeah, see you later.

No, you're doing no what?

Like this is a long one.

It's not just six episodes, right?

Oh, this is an eight episode.

It's only a.

Maybe nine.

Oh, somewhere around there.

Yeah, it might be nine.

Yeah, great.

It's long, man.

That's long as hell.

I guess they're going to get through all those half hours.

Is that a half hour or is it 45 minutes?

It's a half hour because it's a sick.

Have you seen them all?

Yeah.

All of them.

Yeah.

And preliminary things.

Sure, sure, sure, sure.

My favorite thing is seeing it when there's not all the CG done yet.

Right.

So sometimes it cuts to me and I'm like.

Because aren't you wearing.

But Tatiana is doing like a physical like.

Aren't you wearing like a big huge hat in order to with like her.

A she-hole kid on it or something like that?

Or with a tennis ball on it?

Yeah, sometimes it's a stick on my head that on my helmet.

Instead of a penis.

Instead of up your ass.

Oh, is that a one?

Come on.

Both of us were.

Come on.

There's a stick on my head with like a like kind of frozen smiling me as she-hole face, which is just my favorite thing.

But then there's another one that's super spooky.

It's like a like a drama mask that's been painted green with like silver eyes.

And it has this like absolutely vacant expression on it.

And people would have to act with that.

So I'd be like, well, what?

Like down here, but they'd be looking at this like dead pan like dead eyed creature.

And are they filming your face while you're doing that?

So they can put that on to the.

Yeah.

So I'm wearing like a helmet with a camera truly like this close like the mic is right now.

As close as you should be to the mic.

That's why you're on the show.

Yeah, I'm like to do that.

I don't know.

My technique.

Well, you're used to wearing love mics.

That's right.

There's somebody for that.

Yes.

But yeah, it's very distracting, but it's also kind of a fun.

That's great.

So you're wearing something that you're wearing a helmet that that records your face.

That's right.

And then puts it on my face.

No.

Yeah.

All the dots on your face.

Yeah.

I have like 45 dots.

Was it just a pain in the ass to do this show?

Such a shit.

I hated it.

Never want to do it again.

I loved it.

It was super fun.

Okay.

I know you're contractually obliged or obligated to say that.

Obligated and obliged.

It would be so obliged.

Well, the great thing is we're happy to have you back on our television screens.

That is the good thing.

Of course, you were and still are an Emmy award winning actress for your roles on Arfin Black, of course.

And this is just one role.

Does it feel like easier for you?

Just two roles.

Oh, well, I guess so.

I mean, but you're the same person.

That's right.

Why are we arguing?

But everybody brings it up.

They're like, biz, biz, biz, biz, biz, biz, biz.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

So that question was bad.

What's it like to play?

Yeah.

Everybody brings it up.

All right.

Well, it's great to have you on the show.

I want to say hi to Christian Brute.

Yeah.

What's he up to?

I don't know.

Every time I text him, he's like, not around.

Well, last time I talked to him, he was like in Verona, not to blow up his spot.

Yeah.

Can I say that?

Yeah, now they're going to follow him to where he was once.

Anyway, yeah, he should be back here at some point.

Love that guy.

Would love to have you back.

Okay.

And we can do a, we can break down exactly how the show was for you and.

And I can actually talk about it.

Yeah.

Exactly.

We can talk about the thing being on it.

And how nervous you were to do that.

Yeah.

I like this stuff.

Okay.

Great to have you on.

Are you ready to get to our next guest?

I'd love to.

So this is an American citizen.

I mean, I know you've been talking to one for the past 15 minutes or so, but I've adjust.

Yeah, you get it.

Like what's the, what's the main difference between Canadians and Americans?

My technique.

Exactly.

We'll see exactly how he does.

This is all I know about him.

He's an American citizen citizen.

Oh, please welcome Obi Ron Kenobi.

Hey there, Scott.

Thanks for having me.

Hey, great to meet you.

Yeah.

It's a tatiana.

It's nice to be here.

Hi, she's playing.

How are you doing?

She holding the MCU.

Okay.

If you say so.

And not MCU.

That's not a rapper like MC Hammer.

It's the Marvel Cinematic Universe.

Oh, it's like movies.

Movies.

Yeah, exactly.

Good.

Well, television shows as well.

She's in a television show.

Does cinema, does TV count of cinema?

I mean, it's an, it's a brand extension.

Yeah.

I'm not real up on pop culture.

Oh, really?

Why is that?

I don't know.

Your name is Obi Ron Kenobi.

Yeah.

Oh, I get it.

Star Wars, right?

Yeah.

People bring that up a lot.

I've never seen them.

Oh, so you didn't name yourself after this is in a stage name?

No, my name is Obi Ron Kenobi.

It's not a stage name.

I'm not a stage actor.

Were your parents in, in the Star Wars or?

I don't think so.

Okay.

We never talked about it around the house.

Really?

Do they have a poster up or anything like that?

No, they were, I mean, they were parents.

So we'd have a lot of posters hanging up.

I mean, I had parents.

Parents aren't allowed to have posters.

No, parents are.

But I don't think parents, a lot of parents.

Once you have a baby, all the posters come down.

Oh, you know, when you become a man, you put away childish things.

Oh, okay.

St. Paul.

But yeah, they had like framed artwork and stuff, you know what I mean?

Oh, like what, like prints or like actual?

They didn't have any pictures of prints.

No, I guess what I mean to say is, did they have the originals for today?

Well, I mean, they were like, no, they didn't have like, you know, or original.

Like, mathesus or anything like that?

No, they had that art that they liked that they would put up some prints.

Yeah, sure.

Okay.

Great.

And I'm not going to be a fan of posters because of you as a kid.

I wasn't really into pop culture.

What do you do?

If you're not into pop culture, un-pop culture?

What does that mean?

Unpopular culture.

I mean, well, I don't, I mean, okay, I don't seek out things that are not popular to make them things that I've been to, but I've been to like nature and I've been to like- I was supposed to nurture this.

Okay.

I've been to like nature, as I said, and then also like the sun of the sun or sometimes the mood.

Sometimes like half the day.

Yeah, when it's out.

When it's, when it's not out stuff like that.

I'm less interested when it's not out.

It's true.

I don't look for it.

So wait, nature, the sun and the moon.

The moon?

Are your three primary interests?

I mean, mostly that's a bet.

Rocks.

Oh, but you know, uh, Tatiana over here had a rock o'clock alarm clock.

What is it?

It was like a, an alarm clock shaped like a rock.

That sounds cool.

It was Dwayne, Dwayne the Rock Johnson.

Are you familiar with him with his work?

No, it's the friend of yours.

He is not, but I would love him to be.

Have you ever seen, uh, Get Smart?

Is that a movie?

It's not only a movie, but a movie based upon a television show.

Oh, I haven't seen either.

You haven't seen either, though.

Do you know who Don Adams is?

No.

There would probably be no reason for you to know who he was without knowing Get Smart.

I'm trying to remember any other Don Adams role, but the rock was, he was, he was in the movie adaptation.

Okay.

Along with Steve Carell from the office.

What off American workplace?

I don't know.

Okay.

I'm going to say one word.

I'm not bad at you because I run it.

I run into this a lot.

Okay.

I'm not real big of pop culture.

Okay.

You like nature.

I like nature.

The sun, the moon.

Rocks.

Words.

Really?

Absolutely.

Coming up at number five.

Worms.

These are not in order.

Oh, oh, really?

So what if you were to put those five in order?

What would the ranking be?

Probably nature number one.

Sure.

Then number two, the sun.

Okay.

Number three, the moon I'd have to say.

Right.

The four rocks.

Number five, I guess it is.

It is the exact order.

Yeah.

The exact order.

Yeah.

The exact order.

Yeah.

Why are worms so low?

I mean, nature, I guess.

There's so, but I mean, I should fold worms into nature.

And rocks.

Yeah, you're right.

And probably the sun and the moon.

Yeah, I guess.

But I don't know.

I consider those because they're the sky.

They're different.

True.

But I don't consider birds different the nature.

They're the sky.

They're in the sky as well.

Yeah.

Maybe they're not as high in the sky.

Maybe as long as it's not past.

How about this?

Here's the, because here's the thing.

I'm not that interested in space.

Okay.

I am interested, like stars, who cares?

I am interested in the wars therein.

Oh, right.

Star Wars.

Yeah.

So Obi-Wan Kenobi is who we're talking to.

Yes.

My name is Obi-Roc Kenobi.

And you go, Rod.

Rod?

Rod, for short.

But your name is Obi-Ron Kenobi.

Yeah.

And you want me to call you Rod?

Rod.

Rod?

Yeah.

Oh, sorry.

Do you have a cold?

Yeah, always.

Why do you like nature so much?

Because you spend too much time out in nature.

It might be, and I never wear a jacket.

Okay.

Do you camp without a, are you like a Wim Hof kind of dude?

A what?

Is Wim Hof part of pop culture?

Is that from Star Wars?

He knows.

Sounds like it.

He's a, he's a, how do you know, first of all?

Because people believe me.

I get grilled about the whole Star Wars universe.

And I don't even know what it's about Star Wars.

Here's what I, here's what I have, sir.

Why do you think?

Yeah.

From just like absorbing, you know, what people have said.

It's like an alternate future where the Russians have already space race.

No?

It's the past.

A long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.

But there's space, right?

Spaceships.

Yeah, but they're pretty new.

But human history didn't begin here on earth is what they're trying to say.

It's a, no, it did.

Oh, okay.

So wait, what?

They're trying to say that human history started in the past in spaceship world.

They're not all human.

Well, that's a thing is like we don't even know like, some of them who look human.

Human are like all Iranian, I guess.

What?

Tatooinean or.

And some of them are like aliens that play like clarinets and stuff like that.

Yeah.

You know, have you heard of Jiz music?

Hey man.

It's what George Lucas.

I'm not here for this.

I believe it for a lot of people.

I'm not here for this kind of talk.

When were you, when were you born?

Do you mind me asking?

I was born in 1972.

And okay, so that's five years before Star Wars was a thing.

Okay.

Oh, are you the expert?

Did your parents not allow you to watch TV?

No, they begged me to.

Why?

Because you're always out in nature.

I was always outside getting dirty.

Yeah.

Always I never wore shoes, never wore a jacket, barely wore a shirt.

Bear.

What do you mean by barely?

Like you were wearing it.

Oh, yeah.

Like my parents would put a polo shirt off me and then I get out there like it's just what I feel like nature and I would take it off.

Polo shirts were popular back then.

They sure were.

I remember them being popular in 82 or so.

You don't have a lag about a polo shirt is the color is very soft.

The color is very soft?

Color.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Although sometimes they're made of muted colors as well.

That's true.

So we're both right.

You seem like a really interesting guy, Ron.

Hey, thank you.

If I can call you Ron.

Literally, no one has ever said that to me.

What are you here for?

I mean, it's- I have an important message.

Oh, okay.

Great.

Should we tease that we'll do it after the break?

Tatiana, you're a television expert.

I don't know if it's gonna- I don't know if we should.

No, really?

Yeah, we should get it out right now.

Okay.

All right.

Okay, so I've established that I love nature.

You have a style.

Yeah.

Heavily established.

And so the Price is right at the end of the Price is right.

The Host of the Price is right says.

This is something I've been told.

I made me angry.

I just learned this today and I was like, book me on a podcast because I got to tell people.

He goes and he apparently says at the end of every episode.

He goes, first of all, I would think he would say what the Price is.

That's the mystery at the end of the show.

They've said that right before, just previous to this.

Okay, all right.

This is a little side off, I guess.

And he goes, Spade, doodle your pets.

Yeah.

And here's what I want to say.

Only doodle your pets because then you don't have to spade the rest of them.

I guess that's a good point.

Why are we spaying these animals?

If we just doodle the ones that need to be neutered, then the spade ones can go about their business.

I would differ with you in one respect.

Let's spay them all because that takes care of the problem right there.

Like if you don't spay some, then the ones who are unneutered are going to get in there.

I don't think that's fair because I think the first sterilization of all the females is what I'm trying to say.

Yeah, I know what you're trying to say.

I'm saying the opposite.

That's what you're all about?

That's what I was been about for the best 13 years.

Weird coincidence that I came on to talk about this.

And you've been saying the exact opposite of the thing.

I mean, I would say that's the issue is that we're not going to get to all the dogs that we need to neuter.

No, we have to.

It's the message.

Okay.

We have to.

And it's not just the dogs.

There's also cats, kitty pigs, parrots.

You got to neuter everything that is in nature that is a male.

Chop them off.

Get them out of there.

But you're in nature.

Ron.

Ron or Ron?

Ron.

It's never Rod.

It sounds like Rod, but it is Ron.

Okay, but that's I understand because of my voice.

Right.

Yeah.

So.

Local affect.

Do you want someone to come and do that to you?

No, Ron.

You're putting this on top of it.

You're part of nature.

Are you not?

Are you part of nature?

Yes.

Then off with your balls.

You fell to my trap.

Is it the ball?

I always thought it was the penis.

No.

It's so it's so you can't get anything pregnant.

Right, right.

But you do have fun.

But shouldn't you just shouldn't you take care of the penis as well while you're down there?

Always take care of it.

You got to clean it.

It's usually the opposite.

It's like while you're down there, take care of the balls.

If you got a foreskin.

Oh boy, oh man.

That's a lot of work.

Okay, so I shouldn't have waited for the for the break for that.

Nope.

I think we made the right call.

Okay.

All right.

Do you mind if we take a break?

We can come back and talk.

Hey, it's your show.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, we do need to take a break.

Tatiana, you can stick around.

Can't you?

Yeah.

You have a Hollywood starly coming up and a Hollywood citizen as well.

This is very exciting.

We have more Tatiana Misslani, the she-hulk herself.

Hey.

And we also have Obi-Wan Kenobi.

And...

Okay.

Sorry.

Well, I mean, you're not a teller.

I could go.

No, I'd like for you to stay because there's a lot more that I want to talk to you about.

All right.

Well, what's the most interesting thing?

Just so we can tease something so people come back.

What's the most interesting thing about your life?

I once found a rock so big I could lift it.

Wow.

Just like God.

Yep.

And I guess everyone.

Like everyone's come across a boulder.

Everyone's been a very relatable.

Yeah.

We're very relatable.

Yeah.

All right.

We'll be right back with more comedy band make after this.

Comedy band make we're back to Tatiana Misslani of the she-hulk she-hulk she-hredder.

Were you sweating bullets when we asked you about that on that Ninja Turtle show?

I don't think I've been cast yet.

I think you were.

Because it was like literally a month later, a news broke or whatever.

It broke.

To the listener, what happened was we were pitching that Tatiana should play in our Ninja Turtles reboot that Sprague the Whisper and I have been writing that you should play Shredder, but we realized we'd have to call it she-shredder.

We're also going to be like, what the heck?

Confused because Shredder's a man.

And we were saying, oh, she-shredder like she-hulk.

And you just kind of nodded and didn't give it up.

And you were just like, ah.

I wouldn't give it a.

Yeah.

That's exactly what I did.

Just like she-hulk.

That's right.

How do you know if the Shredder is male or female?

Exactly.

It's a good point.

You got to say she.

She read-how about she read her?

Is that better?

She read her.

Well she-hulk is read sometimes in the comics.

Do you ever get to be read?

I can't say.

Oh, man.

I can't say.

Alright, well this is exciting.

I don't know what you guys are talking about at all.

That's probably going to happen a lot during this, especially with our next guest.

So this is some TV show about gendered office equipment.

That's what I'm getting.

So you know what an office is?

Yeah, I know what an office is.

It's not going to be big of a leap to know what the office is.

It's what I'm saying.

Why is it not that big a leap?

It's a TV show, right?

Okay.

So like what do you want from me?

And there's like staplers in it, in Jello and stuff?

What?

There's some of the key props in the office.

Yeah, you've been in an office.

They have staplers.

It's not that big of a leap to believe in this thing called the office.

I'm not saying it.

I never, okay.

Do you praise the thing called the office?

What?

Do you praise the thing called the office?

Oh man, this is like a cult.

That's right.

I don't, it's not that I don't believe in the TV show called the office.

Okay.

So you believe in it?

Yeah.

Okay.

At all it's worked.

So empty promises.

Well, what about the television show?

Max the extraordinary individual.

What?

Have you ever met anyone named Max?

Yeah.

So then you believe in this television show, don't you?

I mean, are you telling me at the TV show?

I'm not saying one way or the other.

Well, then I'm not going to either tell me or don't tell me, but I'm not going to get trapped.

So if I said yes, I'm not going to get trapped here.

If you said yes, you were like, that's like you dude.

Okay.

Because it's not a, it's not a.

By side of the street is clean.

Okay.

Well, we need to get to our next guest if that's all right.

Yeah, I'm not all picked up.

Okay.

Great.

She's a Hollywood starlet.

And this will mean nothing to you, but I'm looking down at the name and it kind of means nothing to you.

But maybe you've worked together.

I'm not quite sure.

So, you know, but please welcome to the show Lucy Buchanan.

Hello.

Hi.

Hi, Scott.

Thank you so much for having me on this show.

Oh, it's our pleasure.

Hello, Tatia.

Hi Lucy.

Hello.

Oh, Obi-Wan Kenobi.

You can call me Ron.

Hi Ron.

How are you doing?

I'm excited to be here.

They usually don't let me out past 2 p.m.

But I decided to make a run for it.

And now I'm here to discuss what I want to discuss today.

Oh, okay.

Should we ask him not to, not letting her out part between her?

Why am I looking at your cod for that?

Why am I looking at you?

I'm looking at, I'm looking at this chair where usually I have someone I've at least met before who.

Okay.

So I didn't know there were a side seat.

I'm so sorry.

No, it's not that.

I'm just saying.

Maybe you should put a little place cards like at a wedding.

All right.

Yeah.

Okay.

So then the wedding planner should not be that- Wait, she said two of those?

Before the age of 19.

What?

Well, it was a studio's idea.

They really wanted me to to buck up with some chups and up and come and guy, you know, and I was 12 at the time.

But boy, was I growing.

And uh- You got married to 12 years old.

I did, yes.

Oh, God.

It was Mr. Goldwyn's idea, you know, because of Metro Goldwyn and May.

Yes.

I mean, Broadway.

Yes.

Well, Bob, I'm discussing probably his great grandfather or something like that, the swell guys, I'd say, but you know, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh.

Yes?

It's okay.

I've been trying to take my medication today.

Excuse me, Scott.

I'm usually more on tippy-top of my shape.

Oh, I understand.

So you, uh, if I'm, if I'm getting you, you, you reside at a place that does not like you to go out after 2 p.m.

But before 2 p.m. is, is all right?

Yes.

That's MGM studio, sir.

Oh.

Okay.

So you're a Hollywood starlet and you're a contract.

I'm going to be the starlet there it was.

Oh.

You see, my name is Lucy Butte, and I'm on contract at MGM Studios.

I didn't realize they did the contract.

I mean, I know we all have to sign a, uh, at least a term agreement.

Mm-hmm.

Uh, you know, I'm sure the MCU one was as thick as, uh, uh, the things arms.

Right.

They had a provider in there of, yeah, the, your arms.

Do they allow you to eat?

They, they do.

Yeah.

They usually give me about an hour to eat.

Oh, well.

About an hour.

Yeah.

That's splendid.

I've never, I haven't eaten in days, but I do feel good.

Oh, good.

Oh, I wasn't going to ask.

Uh, usually I don't, in case someone doesn't feel well.

Well, my hands are outside and gave me a bunch of, well, we call them gummy bears, but they don't taste like gummy bears, but they make me feel amazing.

Oh, okay.

You're giving you gummies.

Okay.

Yeah.

Interesting.

I say so.

Okay.

You catch me walking and talking and dancing when I'm the most tired I've ever been.

Oh gosh.

Okay.

I, I didn't realize they were doing contract players these days at the studios.

I mean, I think it's actually illegal to tie you down like that now.

It's really under wraps, I'd say.

Hm.

For some of us.

What are some of the movies that you've been in?

I've been in a hot, taut and two smoking monkeys.

Is that very close to the two smoking barrels for engines?

It was a musical dancing and talking and.

Yeah.

I've also, I've also been in the war drama pearls on my guitar.

Um, war drama.

It's a war drama about this big war and I, and I play.

Which is World War II?

World War II?

All of them.

Oh, it's about all of the wars combined.

Every single war.

I mean, that's interesting.

A movie hasn't done that before.

It's like, let's look at war as a concept rather than just.

It's a groundbreaking story.

You should check it out.

Is their dad's thinking talking it?

Well, I always dance and I always talk and sometimes I do sing.

I have to because of my contract.

What kind of stuff do you sing?

Mostly songs.

Oh, wow.

That's exactly the type of stuff I love to hear some.

Me too.

I was discovered because I was doing a radio show with my family.

They all died.

I was the only one left.

So they, the Emjian picked me up, put me on contract and I'm an answer never since.

Wait, your family died doing the radio show?

Yes.

What kind of radio show was it?

And was it an accident or was it?

It was in front of a live audience radio show, but it was being recorded and the roof blew off of the building.

It was just the great white concert out there.

No, I don't know what that is.

Oh, okay.

Do you know what that is?

I'm sorry, sir.

No, no, no, no.

Do you know what the sharks and jets are?

I know what a shark is, but I know what a jet is.

Okay.

West Side Story?

I mean, I know that some places have a West Side and I know that they're stories.

Okay.

I don't know what you want from here.

Have you ever seen any movie?

Yes, I saw Trebors too.

Surely you've seen a movie I've been in.

I don't think so, lady.

How old are you?

Are you tremors too?

They don't tell me how old I am.

Yeah, I was wondering that because between 19 and 49.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

Probably on the end to 49, I would imagine probably.

That's not very kind, Scott.

Oh, I beg your pardon, Miss Bucator.

I'm a cold cream on my face every night.

Okay, great.

I do.

I just feel cold cream is.

I love cold cream.

It's comfortable.

It's like, it's soothing.

So you would know then what Mrs. Doubtfire is.

What are you going to do?

Because there's a favorite seed where all I know uses a pie is cold cream.

I've heard of Mrs. Doubtfire to a young adult novel.

It's based on that.

Based on what?

Yeah, it is.

I wish I could read.

Oh, geez.

So you...

I can't.

Do you remember what year you came to Hollywood?

I came here in the year 1949.

Okay, so that's a while ago.

Yes.

Yeah.

Okay, so...

And I've been working as a starlet, as an actor, as a singer, a dancer, a dancer, a talkie, a person since then.

And I'm here to...

Well, I'm here to find my birth mother.

Oh my gosh.

Is that how you gasp?

Right.

I can't really guess because I start coughing.

Oh, try.

I'd love to hear.

Oh, no.

Yeah, okay, I'm sorry.

Sorry to be able to do that.

Your birth mother.

Yes, of course, this is obviously the podcast you come to in.

Oh, sure.

This is, of course, a genealogy podcast.

I decided to go to a place where I had a voice.

Yeah.

And my family that died in that horrible, horrible, horrible accident.

Were you an adopted family?

Yes.

Oh.

I was kidnapped.

My real name is Bettina Johansson.

Bettina Johansson.

It is not Lucy Bucator.

I'll tell you that right now, sir.

It's not that.

That's very generous of you to refer to the people that kidnapped you as your adopted family.

Well, they were kind.

Well, that's good.

How did they kidnap you?

I mean, what was the process?

They just took me up.

Yeah, but I mean, like, where were you?

They just took me right up.

They thought that I was a baby doll.

They thought I was a toy.

I was the quietest baby there ever was, which is probably why I started working in the pictures because I date directions so well.

I'll stay in the same place for 10 hours if you tell me.

Okay, we're probably not going to tell you that.

I mean, you feel free to move about.

I'll be here as long as you want me to, Scott.

Maybe another 45 minutes.

If that's something like that, but look.

Do you do the same thing too, Tatiana?

Yes, stand in one place for 10 hours a day.

I mean, I can do it.

Yeah.

And how the heels that don't fit you?

This is reflecting back to me.

What our industry can do to young women?

Really?

Yeah.

I'm having a great time.

I'm treated real well.

I just wish I could eat.

Are you happy at all that your adopted family died?

Yes.

You are?

Why did you ask her that if you were going to be so incredulous that she gave you a...

I didn't expect that answer.

I got to be at a store and then I got all her handlers met Drogo, Dwyn, and Mayor.

Right.

Yeah.

Okay.

And sometimes they're awfully mean, but I know that they mean well because they told me that I'm the best.

Okay, so do you mind if I talk to Tatiana here?

Ron, you're not interested in, I'm sure.

But feel free to listen.

Maybe I'll talk to her.

Okay, sure.

Yeah, go ahead.

So, do you ever get so obviously...

She's obviously...

She's either...

I sleep in a straight jacket.

Every night.

The sure.

Of some sort.

Do you...

Or she's a young woman who's...

A grandchild.

Time travel.

Right, exactly.

Yes.

So, if she's someone who's time travel, really...

Then...

We need to go back in time and kill Hitler.

I just want to be killed.

Let's do it.

Okay.

I got you.

All right, guys.

Failing.

Hello, sir.

Lucy.

You could say, excuse me.

We were having a conversation.

Pardon me, Ron.

Is that a box of pills?

No, it's not.

What pills do you take to make you get peppin' your step?

I take some statins.

What's that?

Some?

Well, yeah.

A handful.

I'm very high cholesterol, like the highest ever.

Why, if you're out in nature all the time?

Because I eat so many eggs.

I love to put eggs in my water and drink it for breakfast.

I do too.

You're like a regular Rocky Balboa.

It's delicious.

I tell you it's delicious.

You love rock so much.

Do you know Rocky Balboa?

Is that the name of a rock?

Unfortunately, no.

Okay, that's a human being.

No.

So you know tremors too.

So you know...

Yes, ask me anything about...

Michael Gross?

Yes, Michael Gross.

He plays the sort of, you know, the prepper dude.

Yeah, did you know that he was the father in family ties?

Please stop asking me stuff like that.

So no interest in Michael Gross's other work?

No.

Why did you...

I'm not even interested in tremors too.

Why did you go...

Because I heard it was about nature.

I mean, made up nature.

It's about being Jurassic Park.

Yeah, you love the worms.

No, fully once.

Okay, fine.

Yeah.

What about other worm movies?

Layer of the white.

Sometimes I play with worms when I get bored.

Is that the same thing?

I don't know that it's exactly the same thing.

Wait, what do you do?

I play with worms.

Oh, sure.

It's fun, right?

I do it on my downtime in between scenes.

Yeah, a little wiggly guy.

That's so much fun.

Lucy, Tatiana and I have a question.

Yes, of course, sir.

How do we word this?

Can we use...

Take some of your pills.

I have an entire bag right here.

I'll show you what's in there.

Do you think the time machine is?

Is the pill?

I think the time machine might be the pills.

Oh, okay.

Can we take some of your pills?

I have this thing.

It's called methamphetamine, but it's in a powder, in a pill form.

I have that.

You can take...

I'm a...

It sounds good, yeah.

I mean...

I'm a little bit, let's get some.

I'll pop.

It's a bit down, maybe at the speed of light.

At the speed of time.

The speed of time.

Yes, exactly.

And what we want to do with them is we want to kill Hitler.

Right.

Kill Hitler.

Do you know who killed Hitler?

Have you ever met Hitler?

I have.

He did come to one of my movie premieres.

Very nice man, but I don't care if some of my stories mustache.

This is narrowing down the year for me.

This is probably in the 30s.

Did he feel like he...

Who's Hitler?

Wait, wait.

Wait, hold on.

Have you ever seen Inglourious Bastards?

Triumph of the Will?

No.

Okay, all right.

Kill me, dude.

You haven't seen any newsreel footage from the 40s or anything?

Why would I see newsreel footage from the 40s?

You like camping?

Have you read mine cumps?

That sounds like a bad word, Tatiana.

It was a German, I couldn't read it.

I tried.

You tried, really.

I flipped through for pictures of like tents and canoes and stuff.

Do your reels.

Yeah, I read books.

God fakes you.

Nonfiction books.

So you must have heard of Hitler.

I mean, Sal is familiar.

Himmler.

Oh, Hyrich Himmler?

Well, that guy's a poor him.

He's a bad dude.

Okay, all right.

Never mind.

Well, look, if we can take some of your pills and go back in time and kill Hitler, we'd appreciate it.

They're in a bag right here.

I think that we don't have a real good time together.

Great.

Let's have some.

I took those pills when I had to sing my song for the last movie I was in.

You sing one of your songs?

I love to sing a song for all of you.

It was for my last movie.

It's the song that many people have sung before because I know these exact lyrics to this exact song.

We're going to take pills while you sing it.

So I'll touch you on it.

I'll just chop them up.

Okay, go ahead.

Please.

Yeah, please.

Lucy Butteher with a song while we... Oh shit.

Oh shit.

Oh, fucking shit.

Oh shit.

Hey, don't hide.

It divided.

Oh, you're good.

You're broke.

You're just fine.

Oh, fucking shit.

All right?

Oh, shit.

Oh shit.

Oh, shit.

You know what?

Ooh, I'm not even really that interested in going back and killing Hitler at this point.

You want to just do some more of this?

I feel kind of like... you'll sort of like singing and dancing.

♪ Oohh ♪ ♪ Trying to listen ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ A little bit more ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Ooh ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Mmm ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Oh, do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Do you want to make a big one ♪ ♪ Or we'll come out of the road ♪ ♪ And it'll be you if you're not on the fence ♪ ♪ Pick it up, pick it up, pick it up ♪ ♪ I'm not on the road ♪ ♪ I'm not on the road ♪ ♪ Yeah, this is great ♪ ♪ We're gonna be right back ♪ ♪ We might have to come down for a couple hours ♪ ♪ But we're gonna come right back ♪ ♪ Give him, give him, give him ♪ ♪ Let's go break ♪ ♪ Break, break, break, break ♪ ♪ We're gonna do more ♪ ♪ Here we go ♪ ♪ All right, we'll be right back ♪ ♪ We're gonna be back ♪ ♪ Do do do do ♪ How many bang bang we're back? I feel like, yeah, the come down is really rough.

I just feel like, I feel great.

So many things in my life are gonna change.

I'm depressed this shit. Yeah, this is bad.

Anyway, it's a couple hours later.

And welcome back to Comedy Bang Bang.

We took a break. We were long break.

We were doing it the speed of time.

These guys came to my apartment and helped me move some furniture around, which is great.

It's a great place. It's a great apartment.

Thank you so much. It was so nice to see the sun for the first time in two weeks.

And you have windows? My god, you live like a king.

Yeah, where do you actually live?

You keep talking. This is Lucy Butator, by the way.

It's Lucy Butator.

Oh, I'm sorry. I'm saying.

It's literally, I'm sorry.

It's on the wrong side level.

Right, got it.

Butator, she got you.

Butator, she got you good.

Butator. Butator.

Lucy Butator.

Look you. Hey, I'm just getting around.

Shall I sing again?

Have you ever heard it? Go fuck yourself?

Hey, I think you should.

Dude, I'm just kidding around.

I didn't mean anything by it. I'm sorry.

Why act like that?

I thought.

That's right.

OK.

Lucy, can I talk to you?

Yes, of course.

I'm going to talk to him for a bit.

I'm going to dress him down a little bit.

I get to speak to a actress.

Come on, that's a fucker.

As a friend.

Well, I feel like our work can really heal people.

I'm going to try the situation.

And I apologize.

I don't want to be right now.

Do we do a sing together?

I think we should sing together.

Well, I've already sing together.

I really want to show my act.

I would love that.

All right.

But if you want to sing, no, let's just sing.

I'm nominated for it.

I don't want to lose you as a friend.

That's the first.

Well, what about the scene in your movie?

Yes, your movie.

Where?

You've seen my movies?

I've seen all of them, I do.

Hey, guys.

Excuse us.

We want to do more of that stuff.

Oh, here.

I have another bag.

My hair looks actually outside and shake and bring us some jibblets, some nom-noms.

Some jibblets.

I'd love a jibblet.

I'd love a nom-nom first, right?

The jibblets keep me up for days and days and days.

But I love them so much.

Do you know the name of the place that you stay at?

Metro Gold, wouldn't it bear?

You're at the studio?

It's Metro Gold, when a mayor.

I don't think MGM has existed for a while.

No, it does.

Tom Cruise is going to buy it for a minute, I think.

It's a studio and I live underground and I don't have any windows, but I love it.

Underground?

Who's your handler right now?

My handler person.

Yeah.

Her name is Lucille.

Lucille.

How's it, MGM?

Very close to Lucy.

As in, I love?

No, just as in her name.

Hey, you guys are the three of us talking to each other?

Yeah, we're just going to do something about you.

You can say something about you.

Here are some tap shoes.

How are tap shoes?

Where do you go with this?

I just carry one with me all the time.

Hey.

For the musical numbers, is she Hulk?

Yeah.

This wins it for fever.

Hey, yeah.

I think she's crazy, right?

I mean, we took that time machine that she has and didn't go back in time.

No, he just got high.

Yeah, we just sort of went slowly forward in time.

Yeah, he would travel a little bit.

Too speed of it.

I think that, what she talks about, Lucille, I think that's just her.

Yeah, it's too close.

Let's ask her about some other people she knows and see if, and if they all sound like the word Lucy, good idea.

And we know she's making it up.

Okay.

Hey, Lucy.

Thank you so much for coming back.

I got her dance for seven hours if I could.

Thank you so much.

Never seen it before.

Yeah.

You've never seen dancing before?

Nope.

I've danced and never seen it before.

How'd you know that was it?

Scott, it's not a very nice thing.

She's going to do it.

Natural thing, is it dancing?

Yeah.

Thank you.

Right.

If you want me to do it again, I'll do it again, I'll do it again, tenfold.

Oh, that's okay.

We just had some questions about your life.

All right.

Who's your best friend over there at MGM?

He's a little fella.

I mean, he's 32, but he's shorter than me.

His name is Lionel.

Wow, wow, wow, wow, wow.

He's a master too.

Oh, he is.

We met on the side of Bang Bang Choo Choo.

Bang Bang Choo Choo.

You know, but stuff.

Bang Bang.

We're humbling.

It seems like she's just coming up with stuff.

She's like, visual suspecting us.

What do you think your birth mother's name might be?

Great question.

Well, I don't know what her name might be, but my favorite name is probably Alice.

Alice.

I would love it if I had a birth mother named Alice.

I love it so much.

But if her name isn't Alice, I love it all the same.

I tell you, this has not been a foolproof plan.

How did you say it?

Do you want to ask me about the other people that I know?

I love talking to people.

I don't talk to people.

I offer letters of camera present.

Is there a camera in this room?

You're welcome, this.

Yeah.

I always bring my camera.

I feel like I'd be more.

I have my body cam on while I do the show.

Fantastic.

I have a glass eye if that helps.

Does it have a camera in it?

No.

Shit.

Do you think Sammy Davis Jr.'s glass eye had a camera in it?

Who is that?

Sam and David's Jr.'s baby sent me back in the day.

You tell me dated briefly.

Oh, God.

All right.

I hardly ever get to ask you or anyone this question, but who are your other friends?

Well, there's my handler, Lucille.

Sure.

And then there's my good buddy Lionel.

Yeah.

Well, I guess God.

God.

Oh, there's also my dog.

Well, I call him Lucifer because he's such a little devil.

Oh, my God.

Lucille.

Have you ever seen the movie, Loose Change?

Have I?

I've never seen the movie in my life, sir.

You know it's Loose Change.

Rod.

Okay.

You read history books, right?

This really is a trick question.

If I say yes, I do know what Loose Change is, I feel like you think it's a different thing than I think it is.

Oh, okay.

I don't know.

Maybe I don't know.

I do.

I like to buy myself a soda pot.

Sure.

They don't give me my money.

Here's a dollar and quarter.

I like another.

A real dollar.

I love it.

I'm going to cherish it forever.

I'm never, ever, ever going to spend it.

Hey.

I thought you were going to get a soda.

That's the only reason you fucking gave it to me.

This is more beautiful than any kind of soda I could get, sir.

Wow.

A dollar.

A real American dollar.

Have you ever seen a dollar before?

I have never seen money in my life, sir.

Really?

So they just...

So you haven't seen a movie.

You haven't seen money.

No.

I don't know.

They made eight tremors movies.

Did they really?

Yeah.

I went to a film museum recently in the tiny town.

A film museum.

Yup.

That was set in the town.

The tremors took place.

So there's a lot of tremors paraphernalia.

I saw the worms two weeks ago.

A lot of tremor mabili.

Is that what happens when you don't take your poo pops?

Does that happen to you?

It does.

What is the poo pops?

It's the bill that makes me not shake.

Oh.

I got poo pops.

Jim Jim's.

Pocky walks.

She's looking around the room and thinking things.

I don't know if we should believe anything she's saying.

Hey, Ron, is she older young?

I can't tell.

I don't know about you, but I'm starting to feel disrespected, sir.

I beg your aye.

I don't need it.

I think this is actually really good for her to name her feeling of disrespect.

I don't feel like it is disrespect to you.

If you can name it, you can shave it.

That's right.

Okay.

So I'm sorry.

We haven't talked about your mother.

Vegeta is what you called her.

Well, my name is Bettina, but I just assume that's also her name too.

Wouldn't that make it easier?

I guess so.

If you had a baby, wouldn't you name your baby Scott Scott?

I guess I would.

I would name my baby Lucy, since that's the only other name that I know.

My mom's name is Obi-Wan.

It is?

Yeah.

My mom's name is Obi-Wan, weirdly.

What?

Really?

Yeah.

Wow.

You're the first one that I've met.

Well, same name as my mom.

Obi-Wan from Regina.

Is your dad's last name, Kenobi?

Did she marry?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

What's her maiden name?

If you don't mind me asking.

Her maiden name is Feldman.

Feldman?

Yeah.

Okay.

Like Corey Feldman.

Like, do you know Corey Feldman?

Maybe just for music.

Okay.

Every time you do it, what's the end?

I don't know.

Do you listen to music?

We haven't talked about music.

We talked about movies and TV.

So really music.

I love environmental sounds though.

Oh, really?

Okay.

Like birds chirping and...

Waterfalls.

Birds chirping, waterfalls sometimes combined.

Right.

The ocean, a thunderstorm.

What about all those combined?

What is that?

Your favorite?

What's that?

What's the ocean like?

It's like, it's big.

It's wet.

How big is it?

It's as big as anything you can get.

The magic game?

The badger, I guess.

Oh, what?

You never mind.

You never saw the ocean?

I've never seen the ocean in my life, sir.

Not the Atlantic, not the Pacific.

Not the Indian.

Not the Indian, the Indian.

There's an Indian ocean.

Yeah, isn't there?

How many oceans are there, Scott?

Seven.

Oh my God.

It's been a long time since I've been in school.

I've seen seven different oceans that they're all connected and just one big body of water.

I mean, it doesn't make sense.

Was the biggest body of water that you've ever seen?

My bathtub.

Who see you are bathed?

But not today.

That seems like a luxury.

That settles a bet that we had during the break.

And then, Scott, I feel really disrespected.

I'm going to stop bathed.

How can we help you find your mother?

I have to bathed five times a day.

Oh, boy.

That's a lot.

It's too much.

It's in my contract.

How do we help you find your mother?

Bettina, right?

Is that if there's any Bettina's out there listening, this is humanity's podcast as well as the animal cast.

Is there any?

I never, with your birds and your worms.

Yeah, yeah, worms.

How do we find your, can we put out a plea?

I was left on a fairish ship as a baby inside of a basket going from Staten Island to New York City.

If there's anyone named Bettina or had a baby that the name Bettina that they put on the ship, please let me know or let Scott know because Scott is my new handler.

I'm your new man.

Oh, wow.

Scott, hey, congrats, man.

Damn.

I feel safe here.

You do.

Okay, good.

I don't want to leave, sir.

Please.

Scott, come on.

I don't want to leave, sir.

Please.

Come on, dude.

How, I can't tell if you're old or young.

I don't know how old I am, sir.

If you're old, then your parents are dead.

I think it's because she has her own lighting.

Yeah.

It's very difficult to tell.

Exactly.

Yeah.

But if you're young and just delusional, then...

I'm 72.

Wow.

You look great.

Thank you so much.

So you were born in 1950.

But you said that you came to Hollywood in the 40s.

Are you lying to us?

Is everything just a sham?

I don't know, Matt, sir.

I don't know.

I just say numbers.

And I think that they sound good, but they don't.

You're right.

I am a liar, sir.

Don't hit me.

Oh, I don't want to...

Please put your...

No, please.

I deserve it, Scott.

Please.

Stop lifting up your shirt and showing me that.

No, stop.

Please, I deserve it.

This is your first test as a father.

I deserve it, Scott.

Father, mother.

You have to...

Oh, I should whip it.

Well...

All right.

I read some books.

I don't know how old I am.

All I know is that it hurts when I wake up in the morning.

And if you tell me what age that is, then that's the age that I'm...

Honestly, 35.

This is right now, man.

Yeah, I got to say after doing all that at math.

I hope in the morning.

Yeah, honestly.

I mean, it's morning right now.

It's 4 a.m.

Right now.

That's right.

Yeah, wait till you look at it.

But many of her love, love, love.

On top of that thunder in the ocean.

Look, I think...

There's anything that I can do as far as my skills?

Sure.

What do you mean?

I don't know.

No, but your skills are dancing, obviously, and singing White Christmas.

Talking.

Talking, yeah.

I don't know how to socialize.

I'm not doing something even with a camera, Scott.

Well, I mean, yeah, it is.

Obviously, you weren't around a lot of people.

I fear that you...

I fear that I miss this stuff.

I'm never going to do it again.

No.

But the eyes are the camera of the face.

That's a great point.

The eyes are truly the camera of the face.

At least one is made out of glass.

That's right.

And the brain is like the VCR.

Yeah.

What's a VCR?

Yeah, same question.

You don't know what a VCR is?

Nope.

I've been a history book.

No idea.

Hitler?

Hitler at a VCR, maybe.

One of the first ones.

I didn't pay a lot of attention at school.

All those Nazi scientists.

I only liked science classes.

Who's a VCR stand for?

A video cassette recorder.

It's a way to record television and movies so you can watch it anytime you want.

Is it a camera?

No.

I don't care.

Sounds like a camera.

It's not a camera.

It's a way of displaying the things that cameras are like.

I think she's right.

It's a camera.

Come on, back me up on this.

I can.

You are wrong.

I'm wrong.

The VCR is a camera.

It is a camera.

Can you watch movies in your home?

You can nowadays.

Yeah.

I mean.

Wow.

We could watch your movie in our own home.

I would love that.

What were some of those movies again?

Um, Lockstalk and Two, Smokin' Monkeys.

So it's even closer to the Lockstalk movies now.

I don't know what I said before.

Pritalls on my guitar.

Pritalls on my guitar, the war movie.

About all wars.

That sounds like a lot.

About all wars.

Pretty, pretty girls come here.

Pretty, pretty girls sit on my lap.

Pretty girls.

Oh, starring.

Just me.

And I danced and sang the whole time.

Starring just you.

Are you asking the pretty, pretty girls to sit on your lap?

No, I am the pretty, pretty girl.

Oh, but you never sit on your inside.

But I'm also looking for more pretty, pretty girls for the big guy.

Who's the big guy?

I never, you never find out in the movie.

Is it like the banker on Deal or No Deal?

God.

I don't reveal who that was.

Why are you looking at me?

Can you imagine if it was Elon Musk?

What are you talking about?

The very last episode of Deal or No Deal.

Suddenly the shadow goes away.

It's Elon Musk up there.

Man, that would have been so good.

Come on.

I don't know what you're talking about.

Megan Markle?

Why is that familiar?

She's married to Prince Harry or whatever his name is.

That's familiar too.

Yeah.

From the Queen?

Do you know who the Queen is?

In England?

I know who that is.

You do.

I do.

She's been around a long time.

Have you met her?

Have you danced?

I have met the Queen yesterday as a day as a day for her birthday party.

I did.

Did you relate to each other being both 72 and up?

Yes.

Again, I really have not nailed down exactly how old I am.

True.

Here's what I think.

I don't think you're old at all.

I think you're a 25ish year old person who got conked on the head or something like that.

A lot like the plot of Tatiana's movie with...

The Vow.

This is very the Vow.

You're like married to a bodybuilder.

Yeah, possibly Channing Tatum.

Is that my handler?

I think you would handle you.

Yeah.

As a bodybuilder, of course you would.

Yeah.

It looks like Channing Tatum I would assume.

What do you think Channing Tatum looks like?

I think it has a big head.

You're so far you're on the money.

As a big head, really tiny eyes, my grandmother would call them pig eyes.

Okay, yeah, close.

My grandmother used to tell me they're eye-pig eyes.

And then I got a surgery to make them bigger.

You have the biggest eyes I've ever seen.

Thank you for moving your eyelids.

Thank you so much.

It's not a compliment.

It's just a...

Yeah.

Big eyes, big ears.

Yeah, I mean, it's Channing Tatum so far.

Big neck.

Sloppy shoulders.

I mean...

Sloping up.

And big arms.

And big arms and little feet.

Big arms, little feet.

Yeah, I mean, he's a dancer.

I was tall.

What?

What did you say you'll be run?

I said, can't lose.

Big arms, little feet.

What do you think that refers to?

Just like a way of being?

Like if your arms are big and your feet are little, you can't lose.

Okay, interesting.

So I think that you're like a 25 year old who got conked in the head in a car accident.

What does 25 look like if you write it down?

If I write it down, I mean...

So it's like a C?

Like the actual numbers.

Like...

And then you put a little line under it.

Uh-huh.

And then you do a line up on the top.

Pull it down.

And then around another scene.

And so what...

And that is how much things are?

That's four of what you got from him.

That's right.

Yeah, or the amount...

Oh, that beautiful American dollar.

Yeah, what do you thought I was just giving away, buddy, for no reason?

I don't know how to count now, Scott.

What?

It's like coming here every day.

Oh, I don't know about that.

But...

I never want to leave, Scott.

25 is the amount of times you've gone around that thing that he likes so much.

The sun.

This...

Okay.

Oh, no.

Now it says about right.

It says about right, right?

It sounds about right, yes sir.

Yeah, do you remember ever being in a car accident?

Like in a Chevy Impala?

I can't think of it.

Is this for the room?

Yeah, sure.

Yeah, if you do remember ever being in a car accident.

Why then?

I didn't know what you were just gonna do.

Well, I would think if you were gonna interject.

Hey, Matt, honestly, I feel like we got off the wrong foot.

I'm not trying to wreck your show or anything.

Okay, it just seems like a lot of people come on the show and develop antagonistic relationships.

I mean, man, I'm like an easy dude.

Not really.

I do.

Scott.

Yes.

I love you.

Oh, Jesus.

That's the person.

He might hate you, but I love you, sir.

I do.

I'm off the market.

I hate to tell you.

No, I made it an platonic way.

Oh, okay.

Which is in a paternal way.

In a paternal way.

Yes, Scott.

In a paternal way.

Have you seen paternal?

With paternal.

Is that like the game?

It's like you pull the lever that the little ball shoots around?

Al Pacino movie.

Paterno?

Yeah.

Okay.

So this paternal guy plays Al Pacino in a series of movies?

No, no, no.

Pacino plays paternal.

Not in a series of movies, unfortunately.

No sequels to that.

I don't know.

Look, I love you the same way that I love all my guests.

I love you, Scott.

We just not really.

I love you, Scott.

Scott, I'm worried about this kid going on into the world without you as their mommy daddy.

I love you, Scott.

Yeah, I know.

I feel a certain responsibility.

If you're on the show, your family, a lot like if you work at the Olive Garden or come into the Olive Garden.

So okay.

You know what?

Yeah, sure.

What the hell?

All the doctors.

You know what?

I always carry around the contract with me to, yeah, sort of five-per-minute.

That's MCU-sized.

Yeah.

So just sign there.

Okay.

Thank you so much.

How do you spell your last name?

Uh...

Because that's my last name now.

Oh, geez.

So are you still going to be Lucy or are you going to be Bettina?

Lucy, be okay to rock him in.

Okay.

Oh, so okay.

Uh, yeah.

Spell it.

Maybe I can get out of it.

Wait, where are you saying this to me?

Can you guide my hand out, Fiona?

Hey, don't do it.

Because I don't know letters.

You know what?

I don't like it.

Here.

Let me teach you.

Oh, you're just going to say it.

I just don't like you.

Wow.

Yeah.

Our hands are both quite large and feet are both quite small.

Huh.

Interesting.

You can't lose.

Mmm.

It's so crazy that you're an actor and I'm an actor too.

Oh, my God.

Yeah, it is.

Oh, my God.

Wait a minute.

This is nuts.

She had another Tatiana character.

Is she vying for another Emmy here?

Wait, are you serious?

Do you not understand what's happening here, dude?

Oh, no, I guess not.

What's happening?

Oh, I explained to me what's going on here.

But, Tina.

But, Tanya.

Oh, my God.

But, Tiana.

Gasp.

Are you my mother?

Oh, my God.

I am realizing it.

Now I had to keep playing five years ago.

Oh, my God.

I'm not the mother of the mother of the mother of the mother.

Oh, in a rage.

That makes sense now.

Oh, my God.

You're looking credible.

I mean, I feel worse for wear.

But I'm so happy to see you.

I love you, Baba.

I'm sorry for leaving you in a basket.

It's OK.

What were you doing taking that trip on the ferry?

I was fucked down on my head.

Oh, shit.

And then, of course, you know, Bettina here got kidnapped by the radio performer.

Radio people, they died with the roof camera.

I did have a blast.

So I'm not a good worker, my promise.

What?

Literally, what?

I'm a good worker, my mom.

Oh, yeah, I know.

I did so good on those TV shows and stuff.

I'm a real good actress just like you.

I watched you.

I watched every show.

I memorized them all, all the impact sounds.

Thank you, Baba.

And just now you're realizing that this is your daughter.

Yeah.

Incredible.

Well, just to make an official, I have DNA tests here.

We keep them for all of our guests.

We don't have to do that.

Let's pee.

I'd love to pee in something.

Well, you and I should probably give it semen, but what?

She will.

You too give it semen.

We'll piss in it and we'll shake it all around and see who's just to make sure.

I don't know.

I feel like too intimate.

I mean, I was willing to piss in it.

Tell you what, tell you what, we're almost at our final feature of the show while the theme is playing.

Why don't we jerk off onto these DNA tests?

I know.

Hey, man.

What?

I don't want to jerk off with you.

Okay.

I'm just saying.

Well, we're like in private school or something?

Yeah.

No thanks.

Okay.

Private school, the movie?

Okay, Luke.

All right.

Make it shit up.

I know I'm not.

All right.

Let's we have one final feature on the show.

And you're getting off a dance move.

Oh, sort of.

Yeah.

Oh, son of a week.

Shit.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

That is, of course, a little something called plugs.

Come on, you unzip.

Oh, come on, dude.

Come on, hey, hey, hey, hey.

I like it, music.

You guys are jerking off music.

I like it.

Never occurred to be to put music on.

It's like what I was doing that.

It really helps.

I feel like it would be distracting.

Oh, no, it's suddenly over.

That was POV.

You're my therapist by scram-demic.

Thank you to scram-demic.

And all right.

So I'm going to put this in the little circle machine that revolves very quickly.

We're going to figure out everyone's DNA here.

We'll do these, but why don't we plug something?

Tatiana, what do you want to plug here?

Yeah, I did a podcast for Realm.

I did one with a podcast website.

What?

I'm really good at plugs.

And it's called Power Trip.

Power Trip.

Check it out.

I think it's coming out in July.

Okay.

So it's already come out.

Check it out.

Okay.

Yeah, what is it?

It's a podcast.

It's like a dramatic comedic podcast.

It's a narrative.

It's a script.

It's scripted.

Have you listened to podcasts?

I have heard of them, but no thanks.

Have you not even coded?

I hesitate to ask.

Not the barbarian.

That's a barbarian.

Okay.

From pulp novels, which you may have read.

No.

I don't know.

Man, I don't know what it is with you.

Is it the red side?

Okay.

I read non-fiction, dude.

Okay.

All right.

So, what's the name of the picture?

Yes.

What non-fiction is there about nature?

The sun illustrated biography.

That would make a great movie now that I think about it.

I'd love to watch that.

Yeah.

That's a good book.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Okay.

So, a realm and what's it called again?

Power Trip.

Yeah.

And people can listen to this.

You can listen to this.

Yeah.

And then what about your podcast?

What about She-Hulk?

The main reason that you're even here?

And then She-Hulk comes out today?

No.

Yeah.

And August 17th on Disney Play.

Do you get ratings or what, like, do they call you up and go?

It's a hit.

Yeah, they can go.

This many people watch and I'm like, all right, guys, send it out again.

I'm going to go ahead and put out episode two.

That's right.

You're the one pressing the button.

That's right.

I actually releases it.

Yep.

So, you have to wait until midnight on the East Coast to press that button.

Wow.

That's a big responsibility.

Obi-Wan Kenobi.

What do you want to plug?

Again, just doodler your pets.

Don't spay them.

And everything will be taken care of and everybody can have a good time.

Also, I just remember I've also seen the movie Fox Catcher.

Oh, that's the one I was trying to think of with Mark Ruffalo.

Well, I've seen that poster for it.

I have not seen the movie.

Oh, what did you think of the poster?

Pretty good.

Yeah, wait.

I mean, it's got, like, three people on it.

I think, I feel like, was one guy in shadow kind of or two guys that are making one face?

I don't know.

And you're thinking of Dr. Face Ant?

You're thinking of Face Off.

I don't know what anybody's saying.

You don't know Dr. Face Ant.

I don't know Dr. Face Hands, and I don't know Face Off.

Face?

Have you ever seen your face in a mirror?

Yeah, have you looked in mirrors ever?

Maybe in a body of water you looked at this thing next sort of...

Never.

One time I was carrying a boat around and I looked at the lake and then I saw another guy with a boat and I was like, I want that boat too.

And then I went out to get it.

And then I had no boat anymore.

That happens to me all the time.

Really?

Yes.

It sucks, doesn't it?

It does.

All right.

Well, thank you, everyone.

Nothing else to plug.

Nope.

Okay.

Elusi Bugater.

Yes, sir.

Or Bugater.

Bugater.

What do you want to plug?

There's a movie that, my last film since I found my mama, is called Jungle Jane.

And it's a movie about a girl who gets lost in the jungle and then teaches...

And then sees...

And then...

And then teaches all of the animals in the jungle to sing a dance.

If you could breathe just a bit louder.

What a horrible stage mama.

It's just kind of like...

This is like comfortable.

But this is the last movie that I'll be doing.

Okay.

Oh.

Wait.

Oh my God, she's chopping up the mess.

It's so cool.

Thank you so much for having me on the podcast.

Okay, we're not out of plugs yet, but I want to plug, hey, we're in the middle of the comedy bang bang tour, which is going on all of August.

And we have the back half now coming up after this on Wednesday.

We're in Atlanta and then we go to North Carolina and Washington DC.

Brooklyn this Saturday.

That's going to be an amazing show.

What's this tour?

It's this show.

Oh, you do it in front of people?

In front of people.

Yeah, if you can believe it.

Why don't I come along?

Yeah, you should come along.

All right.

I will.

Every stop.

Every single one?

Oh, I hope you're like, you know, you got it.

Talking about the sun and worms.

You got it, dude.

Do you know you got it, dude?

Never mind.

Get out.

Okay.

Do you know about that song you ought to know with that guy who said cut it out?

What are you talking about?

I guess more said one of the Canadians.

Yeah.

Anyway, you can please come and see us on all these.

We have the next couple of weeks.

We're out there entertaining the people.

And if you want to listen along with us.

Not the troops.

Sorry.

If you want to listen along with us, you can go head over to CBBWorld.com and subscribe and all maximum subscribers.

Got to listen to these shows as we do them.

So that'll be really fun.

And while you're over there, subscribe for a year.

You get two months free.

All right.

Let's close up the old plug bag.

Take one hand, split it up.

Take the other, put it down.

You're going to make a box.

It's time to start to close it.

But you'll close it too much.

Or you open up the plug bag.

We're opening up the plug bag.

And when you open up the plug bag, make you open up your heart for the rest of the world.

I'm talking open up the plug bag.

Have you ever gone over a friend's house to eat?

And you don't like the pizza they serve?

Because the toppings aren't the ones you like.

The pizza's probably sliding off.

And you just don't have the nerve to say, I don't like you pizza.

Oil, boy, bleep, flop.

We could've known it.

Bleep, flop.

Look, flop.

And you open up your heart.

Open up the plug.

I'm a founding father of them.

And I'm not in any of the books or anything.

I understand why.

Although sometimes I do get mad when I think about the guys letting me go.

And they were very gentle about it.

Like, no one's more yet.

Doesn't wonder why.

Oh, wonderful.

That was Cal by M&M.

I love that.

By Digitall.

Digitall, I think.

That's a lot of information you take in.

But, yeah, what do you think about it?

Who was that guy?

Cal Solomon.

He sounded like he was having a problem.

Yeah, well, I mean, he does have a problem with it.

I mean, a problem with it.

That feels exploitative to me.

Like, you think that we have mentally ill people on this show and we're mining their mental illness for laughs?

I need to.

That's what it felt like to me.

Okay.

I apologize.

I apologize for the past 13 years.

We won't do it anymore.

I think that's good.

Okay.

Speaking of which, Bettina or Lucy?

Yes.

We got the results back for everyone here.

It turns out you're 100% that bit.

Wait, so you know that?

I'm 100% that bitch.

You know, Lizo?

You know Lizo.

See the French.

It's the only music I listen to in my bedroom.

Not anymore.

Lizo.

Lucy.

Lizo.

Well, look, I just took a day test.

It turns out I be heard the person that bitch even went up quite crazy.

Yes, Bob.

Yes, yes, yes, yes.

What?

I'm sorry, Mama.

I forgot the words.

I apologize for my daughter.

Yeah.

That's why I don't like pop culture because it's gross by the theme.

Get back in the cage.

All right, so we have the DNA test for everyone here.

Yes, Scott.

Obi-Wan Kenobi.

Yeah.

You are not the father.

Yeah, I know.

The Virgin.

What?

Why didn't you leave with that?

The sex is the most natural thing on the planet.

Yeah, that's nature, dude.

I like to observe it.

You and me, baby.

Watch people having sex.

Yeah.

Why didn't we start with this?

You watch people having sex?

It's consensual.

They allow you to?

Yes.

Okay.

A lot of people are into it.

But you don't like a solo man jerking off?

No, maybe not.

Maybe if somebody else is doing it, it might have a different.

This is the first time for me.

Yeah.

So little man jerking off sounds like a good time to me.

It's just a man being a happy dancing.

I did not teach her that.

Look, I'm not blaming you.

You just got to know her.

Though she was watching you.

When she comes back, though.

I guess there's a lot I have to unlearn.

Yeah.

All right, I have my DNA results here.

Yes, God.

I am not the father.

Oh, poor.

So we didn't have sex and...

Yeah, we didn't have sex.

It's a dark dance thing.

Right.

Oh, boy.

Why are you dancing?

It's pretty cool, actually.

You still have the jerk off.

Yeah, man.

Take it up.

All right, but I do have the DNA results for Tatiana.

Okay.

Yes.

You.

Yes.

Are not the father.

You're the mother.

Hey, we found her.

It's just me and my mama from now on.

Yeah.

All I'm going to do is unset.

That's enough out of you.

Absolutely.

So what kind of mother are you going to be?

I'm getting an inklet.

I'm going to be a warm mommy.

I'm a warm mommy.

I'm a mommy.

That's what I am with.

But maybe your daughter can be in the next season if she hope.

If she's good...

I would love that.

She's going to have to audition.

Oh, okay.

Are you going to start a blog?

I start a blog.

I'm just going to continue.

I'm doubling down.

Really?

Yeah.

What's the audition for she hope going to be like?

You guys have to do 16 bars or something?

What about that?

Can you sing fevers?

I can...

Yeah.

I could have...

I could have.

Oh, it's good.

Look how sexy my daughter is.

Damn, I want to run around the way.

All right.

This guy's just jerking off now.

Okay, we'll be right on.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.

I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look at the next slide.
