---
layout: page
title: 771. Silversun Pickups, Will Hines, Matt Apodaca, Ele Woods [6302508113e85100112945ea].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Don't count your chickens before the hatch, but definitely keep track of them afterwards, because baby chicks are so cute you won't want to lose a single one.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

By the way, that is a typo I'm assuming.

Don't count your kitchens before the hatch, but I wanted to say it exactly the way it was sent to me.

So thank you so much to someone in trouble.

Hugh Junderpants is responsible for that.

Thank you so much to you.

No typo on that one.

No typo on that.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for another week, and a very exciting week.

You've heard a few voices here, and maybe you've been able to place them already, because they are...

Super fans of the show, and super fans of yours as well.

But coming up a little later on the show, by the way, my name is Scott Ockerman.

Coming up a little later, we have someone in the music industry, we have a punk rocker, very musical show today.

We also have an officer of the law coming up, so that's...

Ooh, I can't wait to see how the punk rocker and the officer...

Oh, man.

They're not going to get along at that.

It's like the first season in the real world.

Who was the officer of the law in the real world?

Oh, that's right. What's your name? No, that's second season.

I think it was the guy who...

The officer of the law was the guy who ended up hosting a dance show, right?

Uh, huh.

I mean, he probably dressed up as a cop a few times.

I was thinking of Irene from Los Angeles.

Oh. Oh.

Who am I thinking? Yes.

She got married on the show.

LA was a brutal scene.

The cop. LA was a brutal scene.

The cop. Yeah. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah.

A.C.A.B. still applies to her.

Yeah.

Even though she quit.

Um...

But let's talk to these people right now because they are in the hot seat, literally and figuratively.

Oof.

They...

Making their third appearance, I believe?

That's second. I wish.

Only second?

Yes.

I swear you guys have been on three times, really?

I think that was a pandemic fever dream.

Oh my God.

Right before the pandemic was the last time we saw it?

Yes, right.

And you were the last band to play live on the show?

And we are here?

And the first band to play live.

Officially announcing here, it's over the pandemic.

Yes.

All right.

We're going to do one about it.

We did it!

We did it, everybody.

You guys are of course responsible for that.

Five, ten.

Yes.

They are a musical combination.

A combination of people who came together musically and decided like, well, we all have musical interests and we could combine ourselves.

Like Voltron.

Play at the same time.

They simultaneously play.

Yeah.

Is that safe to say?

Yeah, once in a while, we'll solo someone.

You know what I mean?

Once in a while, we'll give a little spotlight on.

For about 30 seconds, someone does it on their own.

But then we come back in.

Interesting.

Okay, so you change it up that way.

Yeah.

Yeah, you know, like I'll have a second on my own and then everybody, just when I get scared, everybody comes back.

He's like, are these guys connected?

They leave me?

What happened?

Where did they go?

I turned around.

There's, I'm going to guess sixth album?

This is our sixth album.

Sixth album came out on Friday.

Yes, so exhausting.

Huge, huge.

Well, do you want to save this for when I actually introduce you?

I'm like ramping up each time.

Hi, we're radio head.

Sixth album.

Sixth album, physical thrills came out on Friday.

Yes.

Who are we?

Silverstone pickups are here.

We have Ryan, Nicky Joe, Chris.

Hi.

And a lot of people, it's out now.

We're recording, I don't want to like, brush everyone's bubble.

We're recording a little earlier.

This would be exclusive and I know you enjoyed this.

This is a company, bang, bang, exclusive.

Yeah, it's Clusi, here we go.

Here we go.

What do you got?

The record is 52 minutes.

Whoa.

47 seconds long.

Holy shit.

So one minute for every week of the year.

Yes.

Yep.

And then, so you can listen to it that way.

What's that extra bit though?

What's that extra bit for?

God, I know.

47.

Yeah, where is that?

Where is the 47 go?

That's Earth, Wiggle Room.

Because you can't listen to...

Wiggle Room.

You know the perfect sign.

The silence is in between the songs maybe.

So you can listen to one minute every week of the year and just like, is that the way you prefer to let the album be listened to?

I'm so happy you're announcing that.

I have a new podcast on air.

One minute.

It's about one minute listening to ourselves.

This is exciting, guys.

I'm so honored that you came back and made this the first stop on your promotional tour.

Yeah.

It makes sense, doesn't it?

Yes.

That somehow three or four bands have decided this is where they like to come.

Yes, I think this is a perfect place to be.

Thank you so much.

It's great to have you.

You're going to be doing acoustic songs.

Brian and Nicky, you're going to be playing songs.

Yeah, and we won't mess this one up.

Nope.

No clams, zero clams.

It's the first time we're performing these live and I'm guaranteeing you no matter how much it kills us, we're going to play it perfectly.

Perfect.

All right, you've been rehearsing, I'm sure.

I mean, you...

Like mad, like madly.

Like madly, like madly rehearsing.

I'm what we're to is how it's yesterday.

Yeah.

Really, that's how hot, so crazy you got.

How long do you have to practice?

We pulled out the lyrics.

Oh my God.

How long do you have to practice in order?

You're going on tour, are you like, I'll play for like 20 minutes a day.

Or is it like, oh my God, this is...

You know, you see that video of Mick Jagger like running around in the gym right before a tour and it's like, oh yeah, because he has to run the entire time.

Like I sang, I've told this before, but I sang a rock lobster at Paul F. Tomkins 50 of birthday party.

Wow.

And it's a seven minute song and 90 seconds in, I was incredibly with it.

And was like, oh, I know that I am not in shape to do this.

But that's Schneider's gift, right?

People don't know how like, how'd a French Knight or get that gig?

He's got the stamina.

He can get that back.

But when you see a band up there and they're just kind of standing there, you always feel disappointed.

But then you go like, oh, of course, yeah, no one can be running around like a lunatic the entire time, right?

So how do you practice to...

Because you're going on tour soon, right?

I don't think there is a way to practice where it gets perfect.

I think you practice to just maintain a level of almost, you know, like your percent, 80% is going to happen.

And that's as good as you can possibly get.

Joe, I saw you leaning in because you wanted to weigh in on this.

Is that right?

I was just going to agree.

You were going to agree.

If you practice until you're perfect, you just end up like getting bored.

I've never done that.

And then I end up messing up.

Not today on Comedy Bang Bang though.

No, it's not going to happen today.

It could not scare together.

Do you guys have a system like James Brown when he toured with his band?

Anytime they would mess up, James Brown, he'd be dancing and he would flash a five like he'd flash all five fingers of his hand at them, which meant they owed him five dollars for them messing up.

Do you have a system like that?

Oh yeah, I don't make money anymore.

I actually owe Ryan.

I owe him 28 grand.

That's why you're going on tour is because we're in the hole.

Yeah, I'm in the hole now.

Wow.

But we don't do the flashing five.

We do like a finger going down in a button.

Oh.

It's like deleting a Bitcoin.

That's probably the one Bitcoin.

You owe me one Bitcoin.

We're super into crypto now.

You owe me one Bitcoin.

No, no, it's going to be the whole album is just an NFT.

Did you guys?

Yeah.

Did someone contact you?

Tell me the truth.

Yes.

Did someone contact you at the record label or wherever and say you guys got to do an NFT?

Can I be serious?

Yes, totally.

No.

Nothing I labeled, but I feel like we might have lost some friends to it because we have gotten phone calls separately from people and you guys could separate phone calls.

You don't take them as a group.

No, different friends from different places have called and it was just a little strange because they had a very similar sound the way they're pitching it.

And it reminded me of like when I was a kid, my neighbors got into this thing called the forum or Amway or an Amway stuff.

I know the landmark forum as well.

Yeah.

They sell the forum.

They're selling the landmark forum.

Wait, was this Prince?

Prince tried to buy the forum when he was doing all those.

He leased it for a month.

Right.

And then he decided it was to fix the referee.

He went into the backstage area.

He actually went with a conference.

Yeah.

He ran around the stage just looking at everything.

Like I know those beams are one of the times I saw him, by the way.

I went the because I went eight times, I think to that.

Yeah, 21.

He did.

Yeah.

I went.

So I went eight times and the I heard about the opening night.

He played two and a half hours and then did another 45 minutes of encores or something like that.

And so when I came, the first night, he played an hour and a half and then we waited for him for a half hour and then he rode his bike around the stage and then back into the dressing room and that was it.

He is the best.

That's what you want.

What else did you want?

It was a little like if I wasn't coming seven more times, I think I'd be very disappointed.

Were they pretty different?

They were all so different.

It was incredible.

I saw one of them and we waited because we heard.

It was probably three weeks in.

So a lot of dialogue has happened about these shows and I'll just keep waiting.

And so we did.

And there was an encore and then we waited and waited and the place emptied out pretty much and then sure.

Then he came back out.

Yeah.

The lights went out.

Well, he would like turn the lights up and play the exit music and all that and try to get people to leave and people would still stay and so he would come back out.

Our friend Vince, we used to work with Prince at Paisley Prince and Prince.

Well, we wanted him to do that.

We were good confusing.

We had him to do a thing like Vince on Prince talk about it.

Prince.

But he talked about that.

Hey, Prince, could you record a masterpiece and then Vince goes, okay, I'll try.

Try it out, Vince.

So they went to the wall, all the people who worked at Paisley Park or his crew.

It's a little outside of Minneapolis.

So it's in the little town.

I think it's built up a little bit, but there's a theater and Prince would take everybody there like, oh, let's all go to the movies.

So they knew he was there.

So everybody would sit down and then you'd hear a guy go, Prince, you want trailers?

And Prince would go.

Yeah, roll them.

I love that.

He loved trailers.

I love trailers too.

I wonder if how would he have like trailers, Todd?

Todd Todd Todd.

Of course, he left us before he could see the Nicole Kidman AMC trailer, which is one of life's great.

Not mysteries, certainly, but I will say I'm amazed how that art piece that everybody's gone on board to like when I go see a movie there at the AMC and people are hip to that like plotting.

I mean, everybody seems to be so on board in this joke that it makes me feel good about people.

Well, it's just one of the few things that we could do when the pandemic ended.

And thank you so much for that, by the way.

Oh, yeah.

Hey, we did it.

We did it.

Woo.

Tell me about physical thrills and then tell me about the album.

No, but what, what, well, remember we hugged you last time.

You're not a hugger, but we got you.

That's right.

You did hug me.

And then COVID started.

Right.

Did you get started?

Did you get COVID started?

Was I patient one patient zero?

Did you get it?

I don't want to be patient zero.

I want to be patient one.

I think you were pretty clear though for a couple of years, right?

I actually did believe that I because I believed I had it in January before like everyone had it.

I'm not quite sure about it, but maybe you gave it to us.

Yeah, that's why I'm saying.

Uh oh.

Um, but you guys put out the last record.

What was the last record called again?

We know as weeds.

Weeds.

We know as weeds.

That's right.

We talked about that.

And, and, uh, you were unable to tour for it, right?

You had to cancel the tour.

Just a little bit of tour.

And but now you're back.

You were like, you know what?

We're not going to rest on our lower.

Yes.

Poltergeist.

Where.

Incredible Poltergeist reference.

What a deep pull.

That feels like a poltergeist too.

Was it?

Yeah.

It was one, but weirdly enough, it was it the tag line for number two?

We're back.

Was it?

It should have been on the poster for number two, right?

They're back.

I didn't mean to interrupt the poltergeist.

We got to watch Poltergeist together.

You guys promise me we're all going to watch Poltergeist together.

Tonight by the pool?

The remake or the original?

Both.

The remake.

At the same time.

Yeah.

And side by side.

Here's the question.

The poltergeist too, they just ignore that they had a teenage daughter because she was killed.

I mean, the poltergeist family, there were a lot of tragedies with every single movie that came out.

They'll mention her.

Yeah.

I don't know.

It's tough to do.

I'm not sure.

Guys, I weren't bank fans.

Go out there and please.

Yeah.

Clear this up and speaking of clearing things up, I want to clear something up on your Wikipedia.

You know what I go to a guest's Wikipedia and there's messiness on it?

I don't like it.

We like to clear it up here.

We like to clean it up.

And if there's anything that's like, maybe it's this, maybe it's that on the Wikipedia, we like to get a statement from the group.

So they have been repeatedly rumored to have been originally named a couple of couples as the original lineup was supposedly composed of a pair of romantically involved couples.

We guitar some vocalist Brian Obert.

The saving drummer, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, however the band has stated that this is untrue.

Hmm.

Well, guys, you can't have your Wikipedia out there saying maybe it's just maybe, what is it?

Well, when Brian and I dated Chris, we, yeah, I mean, the lovemaking is real.

But the, first of all, that's eloquently written.

Yeah.

Was that one of you guys?

Yeah.

Who's that written?

We called ourselves that.

That's it.

What does that mean?

That doesn't clear this up.

We said, uh, we, because we were a couple of couples.

Right.

So it is, so it is based on that.

Yeah.

So we thought we never called the band that we just sort of nicknamed ourselves.

Oh, it was a nickname.

Okay.

So it's new that, but it was new to that.

But it was due to that.

So we can now, we can cross out the sentence.

However, the band has stated that this is untrue and we can now put it in the Wikipedia that the band has stated this is true or we go make it true.

And make it true right now.

It's easier.

Wonderful.

Okay.

So all of you Wikipedia heads out there, you know, we'll start.

Yeah.

Well, uh, yeah.

Anyone just do that.

Yeah.

And then, well, I mean, the citation is now this episode, which is great.

Oh, oh, yeah.

What else can we put on there?

Yeah.

What else do you want?

Like, do you want anything else on the Wikipedia page?

Chris, Chris, Chris, Chris, Chris.

Like, cause I'll tell you, you know, does it say that we met at Disney Land?

No, it does not.

It's a, it has a story about you guys meeting on a plane and you were stealing liquor.

True.

Nikki, you were stealing bottles from the cart by distracting.

We were on a plane to England, but you couldn't drink if you were, I was 19, but technically we're going to England where you're, you can be a team.

If you come back from England, I think you can drink coming back, but it was that it wasn't like I was, they were free.

They were.

So when you say you were stealing, you were lying about your age and that's how I was stealing or I was like, I was trying to take advantage of international water.

It says that you were, it says you were sneaking the bottles by distracting the person.

When I looked, when I looked behind me, I saw an airline host looking one direction and a little hand reaching into the cart and pulling out lots of little boxes and exaggeration.

Interesting.

Okay.

So that is true.

Is there anything else?

I mean, because this has got a lot about like it lists every single one of your albums and then there's like five podcasts about each one.

Right.

Some, right.

Some all the records.

It's just, it's too much.

Oh boy.

Well, it's not.

It's not.

It's equipment even.

You even have an equipment.

Musical style though.

It should reference their original comedy bang bang appearance when you said mountains.

You did like it said mountains.

That's right.

Mountains.

That's right.

It does not reference that.

See comedy bang bang episode.

I love, I do think our music is.

Here we go.

In my head.

It's like a mountain.

Okay.

It is a mountain.

It goes into a deep valley quiet, then rages up and then at Brian used to scream more and make the peak of the mountain in my head.

Interesting.

Okay.

So yes.

So mountains.

You know, last time we were on we made two really close friends besides you by the way, but we met.

How do you mean you met?

Well, you had these guests.

I'm excited to meet these guests today because we become close with Brock, the treasure hunter.

Oh, you really?

You brought love it?

Yes.

Interesting.

We got a little out of touch.

Well, he's been searching for for wet treasure for now.

Yeah.

And Marjorie, the park ranger, we got right close with those two.

Marjorie says hi.

I did talk to Marjorie by the way.

How is she?

She's she's I mean, she's still there in St. Louis.

Yes.

So the the whole national parks television she's been meaning to come on to promote the national parks television, Netflix series or whatever it is.

So but she hasn't been able to make the time, unfortunately, to come out here.

It's been just delightful to get to know them.

That's great to meet these people today.

These people are going to be great.

And I guess that's I get the only other question I have for you is how do you write a song?

Is it you just kind of go like la la la.

Yeah.

And then yeah, kind of.

You do that but you do that in a voice memo on your phone.

Oh, okay.

And then someone else here and goes, Oh, I like that.

What if I added la la la la?

And you listen three months prior on your voice message and that same la la la is there.

It goes, I got it.

Okay.

In my body.

So he did it now three months later.

It's in my head.

I got to get this out for all the new bands out here.

Then comes out more work.

That's what it is.

Yeah.

Okay.

Incredible.

Voice memos, everybody.

Silver Sun pickups are here.

They're going to be playing songs for us the entire episode.

This is so exciting.

There we go.

Oh, look.

And we have to get to him.

He is of course our first guest leading off in a block.

He is the aforementioned punk rocker.

He was on the show.

I believe the anniversary show.

Please welcome back punk rocker Keith Keith.

Hello.

We're doing a punk rocker on Keith Keith.

Hi Keith.

Oh, he's Scott.

Mr. Keith.

Yeah.

Mr. Keith.

Is that?

Senior Keith.

Sir Keith.

I would never accept a royal title from the Queen.

Would do you think one would ever be offered to you?

I hope so.

Because aren't you?

Where are you from again?

I'm simultaneously insulted and at the notion of not being offered and appalled if it is.

Where are you from?

Richfield, Connecticut.

Yeah, you're not from anywhere.

No, no.

No.

I don't think they would even offer what do you?

I'll feel I qualify on basis of honor because I'm honorable to me.

Creed.

Decreed a punk rock.

Well, are you telling me already?

Oh, you weary.

Did you see my eyes roll?

I feel I saw you.

I roll and I saw you were Justin settle in.

I figured.

Uh oh.

This is going to be a lot of energy filling with the volume.

A little bit of it.

I saw you jump up like me die like me die when I tell him.

Me die.

You dad.

No, you dad.

Okay, nevermind.

This is Silver Sun pickups.

They're not they're not.

I wouldn't consider you guys punk.

No, but you got punk ethos man.

You live by your own Connecticut.

What's like that?

Like that?

Like, like, like, like, oh, really nice.

Maybe you know her.

She sounds exactly like you wish part of Connecticut.

Um, waterbury.

I'm not trying to doctor love.

I'm just trying to relate.

Keith, is that Keith with a key for the net?

No, it's not Keith with a net.

K your T H proper spelling.

Keith proper spellings very punk rock.

Yeah, it is.

How did you get into punk music?

I know we covered some of this.

I was born into it.

I loved it.

The minute I heard me first punk rock song.

What was what song was that?

Led Zeppelin.

Yeah, which is only punk rock in attitude.

Right.

So then the first like actual punk rock song.

What are we talking about?

What like, can I only agree to be a green day?

I'm a punk rock, Ben.

There is.

Was that right after the Led Zeppelin song?

Well, you had a classic rock station.

I was 30 years old.

I would avoid it musically all live.

Then you heard play.

Fly for a white guy.

Love pretty fly for a lot of.

Very punk rock.

What?

Why avoid music?

I mean, that's...

I come from a religious family.

Oh, really?

Me, which religion?

Oh, no, no.

It was never specified.

Really?

It was strict.

It was called Christian-ish.

Okay, so you believe in the blood of Christ and...

Oh, don't.

Me dad does.

He's quite Christian-ish and he's very strict about it.

And that's what you like about punk rock is the fact that it...

Break the rules.

Right, the rules of Christianity.

Yeah, sure, yeah.

But whatever.

You know, break the rules of Christianity and...

Pretend Commandments.

Is that what we're talking about?

What are they?

Uh, murder is a big one.

Oh, yeah, we're on, no, no, no, no, no.

Covering my neighbor's wife?

Yeah, tons of coveting.

That's an tough idea.

A lot of coveting.

It's just a lot of jealousy and wanting.

It's being struck down by the Ten Commandments and Keith's all about coveting or coveting it like a mother.

Really?

You covet it like a mother.

A mother!

Well, a mother didn't covet, Ryan.

That's why I said what I said.

You try to give me notes.

You try to improve.

Would you take them?

No way, man.

Take your notes as not punk rock.

Follow me on drama, love.

You're not a punk rocker by trade.

What is your job again?

What?

You know, I'm punk rocker by life, you know.

I play in bands.

Do you make music on the weekends?

On the weekends?

Hell, whenever I'll care, weekends it might.

Is it usually the weekends?

It's quite often Saturday afternoon from two to four.

I'll get a deal that a recording studio in town and I'll bring me mates and we play.

What's Saturday from two to four would be kind of popular?

It's not in my game.

Where are they giving deals?

That's a tough game to get.

I don't question people's business plans or I'll just say it up to you.

I think Tuesday morning at nine a.

I got a day job made.

I can't do that.

You play in multiple bands?

Yeah, I do.

I have to start them quite frequently because they disintegrate right within me.

Grasp.

That's people quit.

That is right.

You never let anything stop you.

Do you play or do you sing?

I sing.

I write to songs and I play.

I'm a multi-instrumentalist.

I play rhythm guitar.

What is the difference between rhythm guitar and lead guitar?

If you could explain to the listeners who have no musical aptitude.

Rhythm guitar holds it together and is doing the work and the lead guitar shows off like you're holding your own big dick.

That's pretty true.

That's pretty much fine.

Rhythm guitar is the real work.

I have to do both.

So I'm constantly in that battle.

Yeah, I want to hold my dick.

Switch mentality.

I got to hold this down but I got to hold this too.

So I'd say that means you have both beta and alpha energy at once.

You have both high-end low-T.

You can slip into workmen like Chor's but then also strut about like a peacock who's going to get laid vacuum and then I smash a window.

Well, kick it.

Yeah.

I'll play rhythm guitar.

Yes.

Oh, dude, you're just going to keep going.

Okay.

Go ahead.

That's punk rock, Scott.

I don't listen to interview with you next.

But just burst on fruit.

If I could ask you to uncross your arms.

No.

I feel attacked.

And perhaps turn a little towards me so you can see some visual cues when I'm trying to ask you a question.

What's your name?

So you have a very popular band here who stayed together for over a decade.

It's amazing.

Two decades?

22 years.

It's one of two years.

It's incredible.

They could give you a few tips about how to keep a band together.

All right, let's have some day.

What are your issues?

When band members tell me on to monotonous, I'm creatively boring.

I'm insisted I give them notes mid-performance.

Those are crazy notes.

That's an awesome intense note.

You know, like James Brown?

Yeah, exactly.

No one told James Brown he was bad-effful.

So what, this has to have come up with Silver Sun pickups.

What do you do to solve these kind of issues?

I just text Brian during the song if there's some problem I have.

Oh, so it not makes it easier to take.

Again, not to keep saying this, but voice memos.

We voice memo, then email it to each other and they get checked.

It just feels less than him.

Yeah, that's threatening.

Yeah.

I think less eye contact, more.

She gave me more.

I love depth, massage, contact.

You've got the arms folded.

Yeah, this is right.

You know what I mean?

That's me style.

And then if you have to, passive aggressive.

What is the arms folded?

Why is this?

Is this because you're?

Because I've had it.

Or is it because you're crossing your leg and you, this is the only comfortable position for you?

I'm interested in what's going on in your body language.

I love to explain it.

Oh, you would.

That's not very punk rock.

Is it not?

Did I hate it?

I hate explaining it then, but I'll do it anyway.

And over here, he looks kind of cold.

Yeah, it is.

It's you.

What is going on?

It is the summer.

Yeah, it is summer in Los Angeles.

You want a jacket punk rock?

I'd love one.

Keith, can we get Keith for Jack?

Like a nice Burberry number or something.

It's not going to be all right.

Thank you.

Keith, I'd love one, but...

I've read Perry movies.

Oh, for Perry, Perry's style.

Maybe in Armani.

It's nice to be stylish when you punk rock like Malcolm the Clerid.

Yeah.

What is your job again?

What do you do during the...

Assistant Town Planner for the town of Richfield, Connecticut.

Land use and zoning love.

Wetlands.

Environmental concerns.

Low income housing.

That's me job.

A lot of nimbyers about their...

Tons.

They're all pricks.

Everyone says, yeah, it's all a problem, but not a mob backyard.

I was like, what nimby says where I never knew that.

I just thought it was a fun thing.

I never realized it.

That was a fun thing.

I'll just put it together.

Yeah, interesting.

So you...

And that takes up most of your time, right?

Yes, a bit of a long day job, you know.

Super from two to four.

Saturday.

All Saturdays, I'm free.

You know, I could rehearse any time Saturday.

Really, but on Sunday you go back into the office?

Sunday I go to anti-church.

What is anti-church?

Oh, you have that in the church?

It's a church which exists only to thwart other churches.

Do you like balance that or cancel them out?

Yes, it's sort of like plan mayhem and just exist in opposition.

Do they like have different prayers so that the prayers don't reach God up in heaven?

We have sort of like a Star Wars missile defense prayer where we're praying to knock out the other prayers so they don't reach heaven.

They're kind of like very shield.

Parity prayers, right?

Do you do like a Lord's Prayer parody?

Yeah, we do like Medell's Stoil Prayer.

Stoil prayers.

Yeah.

Our father who art in 7-Eleven.

Whoa!

Let me write it down.

I'll pick him up.

That's so true.

You do great at anti-church, Scott.

Oh, I know.

I love you.

You'd crush it.

That'd be great.

We do Judas Christ Superstar.

Oh!

That really makes you think.

Is that like a Rosin Kranzen Gilden Stern or dead?

Well, actually the musical is already quite a bit about Judas so we only have to change the title and everything else is saved.

Yeah, but the title really sticks it to him.

Yeah, I bet.

Yeah.

Boy, he needs to be taken down a peg and off that cross.

Did you laugh at that?

I can't tell.

I think that was me really.

Did you get me a courtesy laugh?

It was a real laugh.

It's very punk rock to feel and to be honest about your emotions.

Yeah.

So, I'm promoting something, Scott.

Oh, you are.

I've got a new album.

Not to steal the thunder from all beloved guests.

Congratulations.

Yeah.

Do you think sound scans?

How long is it?

It's 15 minutes.

Okay.

This is like that day that Kanye West and 50 Cent put out records on the same day.

It feels like that.

It's just as momentous.

Yeah.

And they were on the cover of Rolling Stone, like staring each other down.

I'd love to be in the cover of Rolling Stone.

Do you remember when Arsenio Hall was on the cover of Entertainment Weekly saying, I'm going to kick Jay's ass and then his show got canceled like a year later?

Is this like that?

I mean, yeah.

We can't do that.

They wouldn't remember.

No one.

I don't even know.

Yeah, no.

It's a bit of a deep cut for me, but I'll think I'll remember.

Arsenio Hall was punk rock.

He was the first punk rocker.

Punk rocker.

You know, in the talk show world, yeah.

Or maybe Letterman was a bit punk rock, you know, at first.

You were a big late night fan.

Compensation sincerely.

Don't distract me with something I actually want to talk about.

What's this album?

Tell us about it.

It's 50 minutes long.

It's 50 minutes, 12 tracks.

The song's called Shut Up Me Dare.

The album, the call.

The album's got to be called.

I was going to say if every song is called that, it would be very difficult to differentiate between this song.

That's be ridiculous.

Who is me, dad?

My dad.

Oh, you're dad.

I'm talking about me, dad.

How you're dad?

Nicky, Keith's dad.

Keith.

It's not, it's me as Keith's dad.

Wait, what are you, it's me and you're dad.

Shut up me, dad.

What do you think of baby Yoda?

Grogoo is his name.

What was he thinking about?

He's cute.

What you're asking about general pinnitus about baby Yoda?

He's cute.

He's adorable.

Yeah, the minions.

I can't take my eyes off.

I love the minions.

Yeah.

Okay.

I just wanted to make sure.

They're rock love.

They're not the stars of the movie, but they took over the franchise.

Yeah.

That's revolutionary.

Burned down Groob.

Bring on the minions, I say.

Hey, have you ever done TikTok?

Have I ever done TikTok?

Heard about it.

I have, I think I heard about it once.

Have you seen this TikTok trend where Bauchitines put on suits and they go see the new minions?

No, I just heard it.

It's called, it's a real thing.

Yeah, it's called Gentle Minions.

Yeah, Gentle Minions.

He's taking an act of sublime sarcasm, a bunch of teenagers who've been locked up for two years, put on suits and go out to see the minions sarcastically.

They ship with the fire to do.

But I would do it on Iraq.

And then Nicole Kidman thing pops up and it's just the whole thing.

Everything's just drags.

All of it.

I'd love to do it.

I did see Epic Movie with someone who we went and they said Epic Movie.

Epic Movie.

The parody film.

They said anytime they attempt to make a joke, I'm going to laugh out loud.

And it was fun to watch that one.

Like not if it's successful, just anytime I can tell they are making a joke.

You can go with blah possible for laughter.

And just it would just an endless browser.

Christopher and I, when we would go see movies a lot, when if we saw a movie that was really bad in like an underworld or something, our way to deal with it, if no one was in the theater, so every time somebody got hit or flew, we'd go, whoa.

Wow.

I will say when I went to see the band, Yas or Yasu, if, thank you for saying that, but it was going to jump in and scream at you so much.

His arms got unfolded.

It started and it was Alice and Moya sort of dancing in place.

And then Vince Clark literally just like pressing play on a keyboard.

And I was like, okay, this is going to be the most boring concert I've ever seen.

Unless I dance as hard as I can the entire time.

And it did make it better.

I saw Erasure Love.

Another Vince Clark.

Two other situations.

Andy Bell running around in tight leather pants screaming his head off.

Vince Clark, I assume, writing a patch for Linux on his laptop on the back of the stage.

But what a bunch of tunes love.

But man, how was he able to do it for even more than 90 seconds running around like that?

I couldn't do it.

Oh, I couldn't either love.

Oh, is that a problem with your band?

Very much.

I'm not physically conditioned for any sort of musical exertion.

Really?

Yes.

I play only two chords, E minor and G.

It's all I need.

Because I get tired to make a barcode.

What does E minor and G sound like right next to each other?

Any, any, any, and, it's, Oh, the opening of a, Mr. Perfect Pitch.

Yeah.

It's very punk rock to be good at your craft.

Yeah.

Yes.

My favorite punk rock band was Dream Theater.

Yeah, what a punk rock band Dream Theater.

Yes.

A million notes.

Oh, look how much.

Mixalodian modes.

Love it.

Music theory nerds.

Very punk rock.

Steve Aye.

Baby.

Shut up, be das available.

Exclusively out of the trunk can be Honda Civic or refuse to use streaming services.

Yeah.

Or even press them on the vinyl.

Is that because you don't know how to get on to the streaming service?

I don't know how.

I've tried to log on to DistroKinder.

It's a mystery to me.

I can't remember passwords.

It's too, it's too mainstream.

You used the same one for each one.

I know they know you had to do that, but.

No way.

People try to hack into your shit.

Keith Star.

Maybe these guys.

What?

It was to be password.

That's why Keith Star.

Yeah, sorry.

No, I've got to change me.

ATM password.

From the credit union.

Give us a little picture on the spot and I can't stream it and I guess I can meet you at your car.

Meet me at my Honda Civic.

I think he gave us a little taste.

I've got a cassette.

Yeah.

I'll give you three tracks and you pick one, alright?

You give us a little picture on that.

Shut up, me, Daa.

I'm going to give you a good old spoonful.

Keith, Keith.

Would you like, shut up, me, Daa?

Maybe.

Would you like, ripples in the reservoir?

Getting better.

Oh, would you like, um, too many hats?

I thought it was going to be too many cooks.

I'm going to go.

I would love to hear.

I'd love to hear ripples in the reservoir.

Ripples in the reservoir.

That's the love ballad.

Okay.

Okay, and why did you write this song?

It was about me first love.

Who was that?

Megan.

Molly?

No.

You think I wouldn't say?

If it was a silly movie.

I don't know.

I have no idea.

It's just a little girl from the iSchool love.

Okay.

Yeah, we were each other.

Not the Duchess of York, right?

What's her name?

No, not the Duchess of York.

I'd be confused to date.

Megan McKean?

No, it's not Megan.

There's nobody famous.

All right.

Quick kissing famous people.

Oh, okay.

I wouldn't take it.

When you live in LA, you're so used to everyone just dating famous people.

Yeah, can we do one or two more, Megan?

No, no, no, no, because it's wrong.

Okay.

I wouldn't date a member of the royal family or a cast member of suits.

So I never would have dated Megan Marloff.

So that intersection, yeah.

She would have disqualified at all times in a career.

Is she the only one in that, uh...

I would suit.

I mean, unless you look back in like Prince Andrew snuck into a cameo in season one, I'll feel that Megan Marloff got the suits royal family Venn diagrams.

There's way to Epstein's island.

I'm not pretty loved.

Epstein's island, pedophilia, and obscure celebrity cameos.

I didn't talk about that.

The pedophilia overshown his luck of getting the royal family in the D-list roles.

All right, so this is about Megan, you cheat.

This is Ripples in the Reservoir.

She broke up the reservoir.

Looking back, she was all right about it.

She lost her feelings for it and she told me, you can't really fault someone for being honest.

But at the time I was quite heartbroken.

So I tapped into that for this song.

Okay, great.

This is Ripples in the Reservoir.

Ripples in the Reservoir, my Keith Keith.

All right, here we go.

Ripples in the Reservoir.

Now, I hate to put pressure on the musicians.

Corg, it's just a slight, slow mid-tempo beat.

Because I don't mean, yeah, just like that.

Here we go.

Hey, Megan.

I miss you.

I wonder where you are.

Hey, Megan.

I miss you.

Remember, in my car, we kissed and hugged and I said, I love you.

I think about you lots.

I'll see you outside at the store.

That's it.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, that's my song.

Ripples in the Reservoir.

Please come from Ballad to Megan.

This is based off of true events.

Did that actually happen?

Did you hear the real story?

That's for you.

Yeah, is that poetic?

Oh, never say.

Art is for the beholder to examine.

Yeah.

I gotta say, the what?

I got Ripples.

Yeah.

Not incredibly punk rock, I'd say.

What are you talking about?

Well, I'm in a way kind of a really punk rock.

I mean, it's a lot like when L.O.

Cool J.

Ladies love Cool Jams.

Did I need love?

Thank you again.

I was gonna scream me out off if you didn't properly attribute his name.

You know, when you did, I need love.

People were like, this is a rap song, is it?

You know, but he broke the mall.

How long ago was this?

This is a love.

It's high school.

It was high school.

How long ago was that?

Let's see.

Twenty-two years.

You keep in touch?

No.

No, I don't know where she is.

You know, she moved out of town or?

Yeah, she left town.

Yeah.

That's Connecticut.

She went to Danbury.

She went next door.

Oh, Danbury.

So you do know where she is?

No, roughly.

I know what block she lives on.

I've seen her.

So I don't know which it has has as a song.

I don't know which house.

No.

Our respective boundaries and the police department requires to not get within a hundred yards.

So I do respect that.

Okay.

Are all the songs sort of like that, by the way?

No.

Very different.

Do we want to hear?

I don't know.

Maybe not.

Let's hear a different song.

What do you say?

It's not one of yours, but one of Silverstone's pickets.

Because we have to take a break, but before we do, I want to hear one of their songs.

You're interested in music, aren't you?

I love old music as an audience member on an omnivore.

Oh, interesting.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'll devour anything like a beast.

All right.

So it gets blood and steal its ideas.

Do you have anything that sounds like that?

Yeah.

We actually have the perfect song for you, Keith.

Oh, okay.

And is this something off the new record?

This is physical thrills.

This is something off the new record.

I love the titles.

Thank you.

Even though you yourself are not big into physical thrills, you said.

No, I'm scared of intimacy in all ways.

So this is kind of maybe this record is the kind of physical thrills for you, Keith.

Yeah.

Okay.

So what song is this?

What do you guys?

It's all scared together and Keith, I need you to look me in the eyes this whole time.

The entire song?

The whole song.

Okay.

And you're not going to mess it up.

We're not going to break eye contact.

It's a long song.

No matter what.

Nikki promised me because we've rehearsing.

There's no way she's screwing us.

Okay.

All right.

Eye contact happening during this song.

I'm already close.

Close your eyes for a second.

All right.

And then you're going to need to open them because of the song.

Okay.

You can't blink after that.

This is about a three minute Scott.

What is it?

You time it for us.

Okay.

I'll time it.

Yeah.

Okay.

And here we go.

Yeah.

Okay.
