---
layout: page
title: 772. Bridger Winegar, Paul F. Tompkins, Lamar Wood [630c0af7552ddd001372ca58].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ The enemy of my enemy is my enemy's anima.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Hmm, thank you to Lily of Vaky Vaky, okay?

Or Lily Lama 101.

Thank you so much to Lily, and welcome to Comedy Bang Bang for I don't think that one's gonna stick, by the way.

That is not gonna be the permanent one.

We are still on the hunt for a permanent catchphrase.

Lily, sorry, but that will just be the temporary one we use today.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

Last episode of Augie Doggy, we are done with the Comedy Bang Bang tour last night.

If it all went well, way before that, if it didn't go well.

We will see, but we are back in Los Angeles and ready to serve you once again with wonderful episodes all throughout the year.

Did I say my name is Scott Ockerman?

I hope I did.

Coming up a little later on the show, we have, this is exciting, we have a manager slash producer.

Then we're getting a little look behind the scenes of show business.

This is exciting.

We also have, and this is what he wanted to be described as, a young player making moves.

So we will be talking to that young player making moves, but before we get to them, let's talk to an even younger player.

If I'm, I used to work in a carnival doing this and I'm guessing he is a little bit younger than our other young player, but similarly making moves, I believe in the podcast sphere.

He is, and you know, I don't like to talk about other podcasts on this show because I don't like the competition.

But I made a rare exception for this gentleman.

He has a wonderful podcast out there right now entitled, I said no gifts, which is celebrating, it's probably a year at this point that you've been doing it now.

Is that right?

Two and a half.

More like, we call that a podcaster's year.

That's a classic podcaster's year.

Especially during the quarantine.

Certainly. Yes.

But two and a half years, a lot of great guests, and I pronounce that guests apparently.

And we'll be talking to him about this.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Bridger Weinegger. Hello.

Thank you so much for having me.

It is my pleasure.

Well, it's nice to meet you.

We have never met before.

Is this your card?

That is my card.

My God, it's been years since I saw that card.

What I do for a new guest.

It's been about a podcaster's decades since I snuck up on you and asked you to pick a card.

You were just a wee young lad, where you're not walking down the street. I said, this kid's going to be somebody.

And I thought that Ace of Spades.

I'm going to keep that in mind.

It's the only card I know of.

You've been dreaming about it.

Every single night before you go to bed.

Ace of Spades.

Absolutely showing my card knowledge right now.

It's a true thing.

Ace of OK, what cards are mentioned in songs?

Ace of Spades.

Welcome to the show, Bridger.

So nice to meet you.

It's nice to meet you.

My wife or my ex-girlfriend, the widow Halap has met you, has been on the show.

She's been on the show.

And she says great things about you.

And she was on the show.

And I heard an earful about you when she was on.

And then this opportunity came up.

I said, I got to meet this guy.

I heard this earful about here you are.

Get your eyes on me.

Yeah, Koolop gave me maybe the most things I've ever gotten on the show.

Oh, really?

Yes.

We did not talk about that.

What did she get?

But OK, before we get to that, let's talk about the premise of the show.

It is a competitive podcast, competitive meaning with mine.

Of course.

I'm going to take a huge bite out of your audience.

But you are a little background about you.

You are a very funny writer and are you a performer as well, other than the podcast?

It's 2022.

I'm just everything.

Yes.

But what is performing even in 2022?

It's right.

So you've written for what shows at this point?

I started at Jimmy Kimmel.

I wrote on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt.

What else have I worked on?

Two Emmys?

Shimi?

Kimmy and Kimmy.

Did you say two shimmy's?

I heard Emmy twice, and I thought maybe I'm next.

He just talked about shows that.

Wait, did you say to Emmys?

I don't even know.

Or you were just talking about shows that have it.

I heard Kimmy and I heard Jim and I thought, surely I'm next.

I'm sorry, this is Shimi Bridger.

This is Shimi.

Hi, I got to go.

Hey, Jimmy, you be OK.

Well, Shimi, I need business advice.

Shimi's just been wandering around the first he was wandering around my backyard for months.

And then somehow he followed his ear and has been wandering around the studio.

He always has to go immediately.

But yeah, I've worked on a variety of things.

You also were on the Craig Kilborn show.

What was your position there?

I was on the Craig Ferguson show.

Ferguson, I'm so sorry.

One of the Craig's.

I was kind of a permanent production assistant.

You were a PA, but he would have you on the show every time you would fuck up.

Is that what's the story there?

I mean, it's a really, what is the story?

It was just four years of complete discomfort.

At some point, I crashed his car, and then he put me on the show basically.

Two embarrassing.

Two weeks, yes.

This was another time when you could kind of bring on a closeted gay man and put him in a bikini for two straight weeks.

Maybe he was doing you a favor trying to get you out of that closet.

I don't know that that was the plan.

I don't know.

He plays five dimensional chess sometimes at Craig Ferguson.

But at the time, I thought, look, I wrecked his car and I'm making.

How did you wreck it again?

Because I don't think a PA driving someone's car other than to another parking spot in the lot is apropos for a work relationship.

Yeah, right.

It's not part of the.

Do you have you driving from Las Vegas to LA or something like that?

That's another time I was driving a car.

That's a fully separate situation.

When you're at Craig Ferguson, fly your car on the private jet.

Absolutely.

Driving onto one of those big military planes.

Like Fast and Furious 7.

And have the rock drive it out of parachute out of the plane.

No, the time I wrecked his car was a much larger SUV.

I was driving.

He was driving.

He had several cars.

Wow.

This man owned so many cars.

And this one, I was driving out of his house, which had a very narrow driveway.

And I turned.

I mean, my spatial reasoning skills are less than a bug.

I meant to say, you're not even looking at me.

You're looking at the other wall.

I'm over here, brother.

I do not know where I am at any time.

So when I'm driving a car, especially a large car, it's just in constant danger.

I turned the corner, ran into a pole immediately.

Was this on his property?

Or this is on his property?

This was on Ferguson.

I have so many poles on it.

Like if I were Craig Ferguson, I wouldn't be like, oh, what a view.

What I'm going to try to do.

I'm here we go.

What a beautiful place I have.

So many poles.

What does his motherfucker have like 18 poles on his property?

Not poles.

He's building a career on it.

But I ran into a pole.

At the time, I was working basically a minimum wage job that immediately I thought now I'm going to lose the job.

I began to freak out, backed up, hit the pole again.

And the car was so large, there was no way not to hit the pole.

So then I just had to pull forward and hit the pole again, and then drive back to the studio.

So you hit the car in two different places?

I did $6,000 of damage to this car, all on my own.

No other drivers were involved.

That's about one episode for him, right?

Maybe the first half hour until the commercial break.

Right.

That was a coffee break for him.

He handled it pretty well.

But then put me on the show for two weeks.

But in my mind, I thought, well, I'm going to get paid for every one of these years.

Yeah, because you get a SAG minimum, like $1,300 bucks to be on the horse.

Well, I wish it was $1,300 bucks.

It might be $700 or something, right?

It was about $400.

Yeah.

Just because you didn't speak is that?

That's a good, I think it was an under five as well.

OK, yeah.

So it was like $400.

The under five is such a scam.

We used to like, when we would cast people on the comedy big, big TV show, they would have six lines and we would just go, let's put a comma in between these two.

That's all a television.

Truly that you have four people on the show who get more than five lines and then everyone else gets a lunch for the day.

So you were on for like two full weeks at $400 or so.

So let's call it $450.

You are probably getting $4,500.

You're getting a little less than what the damage that you cause.

Yeah, a little less than the damage and the satisfaction of knowing I had damaged the car and gotten away with it essentially.

And just was kind of forced to become comfortable with my body on television, which truly was probably the most valuable thing of all.

Was this ever a, could you have said no?

That's a really good, that's an excellent question.

Could you have said anything but the bikini?

I don't think I could have.

Interesting.

I don't know that I could have.

I mean, I can't speak for anyone involved.

That's Weinstein, this Ferguson guy.

What do you say?

Maybe I could have said no, but at the time I was making so little money and was so desperate for any time.

I would get in a bikini for $4,000 right now.

Of course.

Are you kidding me?

I would get in a bikini right now for $100.

And I'm not kidding.

I'll give you $100 not to get in.

What do you say?

OK, I'm not in a bikini.

So go.

All right, here we go.

I gotta pay you.

I'm going out to different now.

I just paid you $25 bills apparently, because they didn't for them.

That's not a bad idea for an amount of bills.

Not bad, because the 50s too much.

But you're often out there like valet parking or whatever.

And it's like 20 bucks of valet parking.

You're like, I need to put a five on this.

But you don't want to break another 20.

Right.

Let's start the $25 bill.

Who would be on it, Richard?

Who at this point would be?

I feel like Jimmy Carter is a classic 25.

Jimmy Carter should be on something.

Should he not?

We've got to remove somebody from a bill and put Jimmy Carter on a bill.

We were talking about this on Never Not Funny about a month ago.

The other presidents must hate him, right?

Because he's making them look so bad.

I bet they want him to die.

Of course.

They all want him.

Absolutely are ready for his death.

So, Bridger, did he have you on other times to embarrass you or was at the end of it after the two weeks?

So I had been working there for, I got hired there as a temporary production assistant.

At the time, I was like, I had just been turned down for a job at the C's, Candy Warehouse because the woman thought I couldn't live 50 pounds.

Is there a C's, Candy Warehouse here in LA?

There is on the way, if you go down Le Brea pretty far south, there's a giant C's.

And my fifth.

I don't know.

How do they size you up to see whether you can live 50 pounds or not?

Do they have like a big dumbbell that has like 50 LB on it?

And they go pick it up.

No.

What happened was, I would estimate like a 70 year old woman looked at me and said, I don't think you can live 50 pounds.

I'm not kidding, I'm not exaggerating.

And that was the end of the discussion for me.

So I was applying for that type of job, I needed a job, and I had interned for David Letterman who produced Craig Ferguson.

And so they called me and said, there's a temporary job for like a month.

Do you want to take it?

And of course I took it.

And a week in, Craig for some reason, decided to put me on TV.

And...

Is this because of the car accident thing?

Or this is before that?

It was literally years later, I was there for far too long.

So he just took a...

I mean, we would do this on the CBB television show sometimes.

We would find an interesting PA or whatever and go like, hey, come on, be on the show and have a little part or whatever.

Yes, it was kind of that.

Right.

And he put me on once and then...

I don't know what clicked, but suddenly I was on every, almost every night for like a month.

Wow.

And so the show was kind of forced to hire me as a permanent PA.

Because I was a part of the show.

So you're just making money, hand over fist, these $25 bills just coming in here.

Flying!

Amazing.

The name is a storm of bills.

Is this like the richest you've been in your life?

Oh yeah, I mean, I'm broke now.

It was all done.

I was very irresponsible, loose with cash.

And after that PA job, I've kind of just been scratching for money.

Yeah, you're like, every job is like this, right?

You take any job and the host puts you on TV and you make thousands and thousands of dollars.

But yeah, I was on the show for a bit and it became a permanent job for too long.

And then it was just miserable.

Oh, I see.

For the last...

When you stop being on TV, was there a certain point where you were like, hey, we're putting you back just to be PA at this point.

I mean, the entire time it was...

It was...

PA by the way stands for production assistance.

Production assistance.

Can we agree on that as much?

Love us the question.

Can we agree on that?

We can absolutely...

All right.

This thing.

One thing we're gonna agree.

Okay, very good.

It was a dark period of my life.

Understandable.

I hate to bring it up.

But let's move past that and into the podcast.

At a certain point, you're like, I'm tired of being on television.

Let's go try to fuck with the place that Scott Ockerman lives, try to take some of his money.

Knock on his door.

Yeah, exactly.

And so you started this show, it's called I Said No Gifts.

And what is the premise of the show?

The premise of the show is that the guest has been told not to bring a gift.

And every episode, they show up with a gift.

They bring me something and then we end up talking about it.

I see.

Or we don't talk about it.

Some people kind of miss the assignment and bring something that's deeply uninteresting.

And we talk about it for a few minutes.

It's been the worst guest.

Let me know because I don't want to have them on this show.

I'll write it down for you and let you know later.

Because there definitely was one.

So this is based upon the thing you would see in an invitation, which is like, please, no gifts.

Right.

Which is always like...

What are you saying?

Yeah, who said I was even going to bring a gift?

I can't believe you would assume I would give anyone a gift.

Yeah, exactly.

So you thought that was a funny thing to see on an invitation.

And so you decided to make a podcast out of it.

Exactly.

And it felt like a nice little comfort.

I mean, it felt like the guests could bring on something they wanted to talk about.

It gives them the opportunity to talk about whatever they want.

And I mean, before the podcast began, I thought I'm going to get some good gifts.

There are going to be some great things.

Is it usually just something someone found 10 minutes before they had to leave?

I would say like one out of four times it's that.

Because on a Doug Benson show, Doug loves movies.

He would always be like, text you a half hour before.

Remember to bring a prize for the winner.

And it's like, so I would bring...

Usually I would bring screeners that I had.

Oh, terrible gift.

Terrible gift.

Unless it's for a parent back home.

A lot of times I would bring CDs that have just been unwrapped sitting in my car that I would get as promo CDs or something like that.

Usually a comedian like, hey, here's my free copy of my CD or whatever.

So yeah, so I can only imagine that people are just giving you terrible, terrible things.

There's a lot of clutter.

There are occasionally very thoughtful good gifts.

Are you able to throw them out if you don't like them?

Or do you feel like you can't?

I've kept almost every gift.

The comedian Jamie Lee gave me a chewed up dog toy, which there was some miscommunication with her assistant who said that she wanted it back.

And then I asked Jamie, do you want this back?

She's like, absolutely not.

So that was thrown away.

So she asks her assistant, hey, get that back for me.

And then when called on it, she feels like, no, why would I want a chewed up dog toy?

Of course not.

I leave friend of the show, but apparently I'm not going to have her back because of this.

Do not.

Yeah, that was thrown away.

And something Koolop gave me was thrown away, but not my choice.

She gave me a Panda Express candle, scented candle.

Cented as what?

I believe it was orange chicken.

Oh, that actually sounds, I mean, I don't know.

It was okay.

It was truly disgusting.

And I would have kept it.

But, what do you think about that?

I knew if I called you, what do you think about orange chicken scented candles?

I don't know, man.

I'd have to smell it, I guess.

Okay.

I mean, I know what candles smell like.

No, no, it's chicken smells like.

I don't know if I put them together.

What do candles smell like?

They smell like candle wax.

Well, gotta go.

Bye.

So, so how did that get thrown away?

Not by choice.

It cracked the glass of the candle crack and it smelled so terrible.

I would have kept it sealed.

But you have to start giving this or throwing it out.

I've considered a yard sale or something.

Just throw things away.

You'll feel so much better.

I think I would feel somewhat guilty.

You've trapped yourself in this thing where, like, and I know people, I think my parents are like this, where if they receive something as a gift, if they don't want it, they have to keep it there in their house.

Because if ever asked about it, they don't want to say I threw it away.

Of course.

So they have stuff for decades in their house.

And you've trapped yourself with the whole premise of the show and you're receiving a bunch of junk that you don't want.

Just throw it all away.

Like, here's what I would do if I was doing the show.

Someone comes in and goes, oh, I bought you this orange chicken scented candle.

I go, thank you so much and immediately throw it in the trash can in front of them.

That's what I would do.

I mean, I will say, like at the year anniversary of the podcast, I made a video of me putting all of what I had received into a trash can.

Burning.

Oh, good.

But you threw camera trickery didn't actually burn the.

But the internet backlash was shocking.

People were furious.

There were so many people who were like, you could have donated those things.

You should have.

That's like, there was a clear cut in the video.

I did not.

What do you think I am?

But that's part of what I'm sensitive about.

And also, what if a guest comes over and they ask, where's the- That will never happen.

It has never happened in human history where a guest comes over.

There was that thing that I bought you.

It has never happened and everyone's so afraid of it, but it has never happened.

I'm going to start doing that.

I want to become that first.

So you, people talk about the gifts.

What else did my ex-girlfriend give you?

She gave me an enormous bag.

I think she gave me a white claw that might still be in my fridge.

I guess I remember all this.

And she was on in November of- Couldn't get rid of those.

Could never get anyone to drink those.

Thank you so much for taking it.

Yeah, she was on the podcast like November 2020, so it's been in my fridge for quite a while.

But yours than mine.

I can't even remember.

I mean, it was so many items.

She's wonderful at gift giving.

She gave me some good gummy bears.

Or maybe gummy bears were post podcasts, actually.

She then she bought something like nine pounds of gummy bears and gave me half of them.

This does not- It's not ringing about nine pounds of gummy bears.

Okay.

All right.

They were excellent gummy bears.

A life separate for mine a lot of times, where she does things and I never hear about it.

So this is fascinating.

It's amazing to me you didn't see this amount of gummy bears because the half that she gave me was an alarming amount.

Wow.

So then- Have you eaten any of them?

Have you eaten any of them?

Say that again.

Have you eaten any of them?

I ate all of them.

I'll say you eat a third time.

Have you eaten any of them?

I want to hear it one more time, Scott.

Have you eaten any of them?

Answer the damn question!

I ate all of them.

I split them with my boyfriend.

They were delicious.

They were like- I think- I believe the brand is- I want to say all of the nape, but I know that's not right.

Oh, but- It's like- There's something like that.

It starts ALB and then foggy.

All of this tumbled door.

And his secret gummies.

That tastes like boogers.

Well, this is wonderful.

I said no gifts is out there.

Anyone can get it at their favorite podcast app.

What is your favorite podcast app?

My favorite podcast app.

What else?

I asked good questions, right?

That's an excellent question.

And you know, everyone's passionate about their favorite apps.

Sure.

The tech- Okay, two- Sound.

I want favorite podcast app.

I want- Then I want favorite app.

You got to go Apple Podcast app.

As your favorite app or favorite podcast app?

Favorite podcast app?

Okay.

Apple Classic.

Classic.

Classic app.

One of the first- Favorite app?

Yeah, let's go macro now.

Let's zoom out.

If we're going- Actually, the measuring app.

I love the- What do you measure?

I'm measuring everything.

Really?

I'm pulling that thing out and measuring spaces in my home.

I'm measuring objects.

What do you do?

It takes a picture and goes like, it's probably this.

Have you ever used the measuring app?

I don't believe I have.

You're going to turn me on to the measuring app.

Absolutely incredible.

Like, takes a point in space and then- Point time.

Point time.

It measures time.

It's whatever referring to as my watch.

I see.

235 B.M.

Ah, the measuring app.

No, you kind of move it around so it gets a sense of the space.

Yeah.

And then it just for however can measure whatever amount you want.

It just chockages.

It just chockages or estimates or guesstimates.

It moves into the app.

I mean, into the phone.

It comes free.

And I'm here as a representative of an Apple, of course.

Okay, you're on the street team for- Yes, street team.

The measuring app.

If you have an iPhone, the measuring app is somewhere in there.

Okay.

So how many times are you just really like measuring your boner?

It's constant.

Not stopped.

And it doesn't ever be like, come on, man.

I wasn't made for this.

Please, just leave me alone.

The poor measuring app.

I was invented for such great things, and now I'm just measuring boners over and over.

I was supposed to tell you where you could put a couch.

No, I love the measuring app.

Okay.

I recommend it to everyone.

I love it.

I prefer it over the flashlight app, which is now just constantly being turned on by accident.

Yeah, you hit it the wrong way.

And suddenly like three minutes later, someone's like, hey, your flashlight's on, idiot.

It feels so embarrassing.

It's so humiliating.

I hate it.

Parties.

I hate it.

Well, I said no gifts.

Is out there on the Apple Podcast app, as well as any other podcast app, regardless of whether it's Bridger's favorite or not.

We need to take a break.

When we come back, we will have a manager slash producer, a young player making moves.

We'll be right back with more Bridger Weinegger, more comedy bang bang after this.

How many bang bang were back, Bridger Weinegger?

Have I said no gifts?

Who have been some of the guests recently that you've had on the show?

Recently.

And this is something I've been working on.

By the way, you can lie.

I'm not going to lie because I'm not going to lie, Scott.

And this is why.

But you said to like, recent.

My memory has been failing.

Don't give a shit.

Just saying.

I know I want to challenge my brain, and I know your listeners loved hearing me try to challenge my brain.

No one's going to be like, he mentioned people who are on six months ago.

They're going to look at the receipts.

Tony Hale, Darcy Carden.

I love Darcy.

Those are the two that I can pull from my mind.

I love both of them.

But I remembered them and that's what's important.

Incredible.

I love both of those guys.

Tony, never been on this show.

I believe.

Excellent podcast guests.

I love them.

Anytime I see him, I have great conversations with him.

And you gave me a beautiful gift that he made himself.

What did he what?

A rope bowl.

A rope.

A bowl.

Oh, made of rope, not full of ropes.

Not full of, that would be a good bowl.

Well, wonderful.

I got to hear this show with this rope bowl.

This sounds incredible.

I said no gifts.

Bridger Weinerger is here.

Let's get to our next guest.

What do you say?

Are you ready to back me up here?

Bring them in, please.

Okay.

I need you at my side and at the ready.

I'm already there.

All right, wonderful.

He is a manager producer.

Oh, good.

This is great.

Our old friend is back.

Let's welcome him here.

This, please welcome Sprague the Whisperer.

Scott, what a pleasure it is to see you.

You do range human being.

I spray.

So wonderful to see you.

You're, of course, wearing your cloak.

You always wear.

I always wear my cloak when I go out in person, making appearances as the Whisperer.

Yes.

Bridger, this is Sprague the Whisperer.

He.

Bridger Weinerger, is this your card?

That's not my card.

No, it's the Queen of Hearts that Juice Newton sang about in his song.

How many cards have been sung about?

Ace of Spades Motorhead.

Ace of Spades.

Queen of Hearts.

Dave Edmonds, of course, wrote that.

But then I found that.

Jack of Diamonds.

Who sang that?

It's an old rockabilly song.

Okay, Jack of Diamond.

We'll give you that.

What else?

Like two of the ten of clubs.

I love the ten of clubs.

I listened to that my way here.

It was the least charted song.

The least of all time.

Yes.

Too boring for top 40.

Bridger, I brought you a gift.

In keeping with your podcast theme.

Oh, I brought you a gift.

Yes, here it is.

It's a bowl for your ropes.

Oh, God.

You have any spare ropes?

This is embarrassing.

Keep the better boat.

I have a rope bowl.

Which I know I understand.

Yes, you do because I gave it to you.

I understand.

I just got rid of all of my actual ropes.

No, that's too bad.

Oh, what a war.

So this bowl is essential.

Why'd you get rid of your ropes?

Because I had the rope bowl.

I was going to build one of my own and then Tony Hale comes to the podcast.

What do you engage in some light BDSM?

I put that life behind me.

I appreciate it.

That's very nice of you, Sprink.

Sprinkles.

By the way, if you don't know anything about Sprinkles, Sprinkles.

Hey, I'm Sprinkles, the Whisperer.

Nice guy.

He's from England, obviously.

I am a Whisperer.

Yes.

He...

John England, I have a client.

He's a Shondisten.

Yes, he's a Shondisten's manager, but he's also a super producer.

And he and I host a different podcast called Scott Hasn't Seen Together.

We talk about the turtles.

Yes, we talked about the turtles about a month ago.

Wasn't that fun?

Yes, I remember it.

Because I was there and we had a good time.

Yes, so good.

The turtles.

Leonardo.

I've got him the rest.

Do you remember what he does?

Leeds, as far as I remember.

That's right.

About a month ago, we took a big test of what I remember from the turtles.

And how well did you do?

I got a B average.

That's right.

Deranged.

I am a deranged human being.

But of course he's a producer.

He's Shondisten's manager.

Yes.

He's from England.

England.

And we're writing.

Yes.

No, I'm just making, maintaining my voice.

Oh, that's right.

Yes.

Scott.

Yes.

Anytime I hear that by an English person, I sometimes think that I'm going to hear a Rick after it.

Like, Scottrick.

But why?

I don't know.

Some other English person I know.

Tax like that.

That's nothing English-free.

Sprague the whisper.

So Sprague, what are you up to?

It's so great to have you on the show again.

What do you do?

I mean, you know, I see you every week obviously for the other show.

But.

Well, I'm here to announce my retirement.

What?

Yes.

From what?

Everything.

What?

I'm no longer going to be the whisper.

And I'm no longer going to be a manager or super producer.

What about podcast host with me?

Nope.

I'm quitting.

What?

What's going on?

You're too deranged.

That's what triggered you.

You knew I was deranged when we started this.

Scott, after doing the podcast with you for so long, I finally concluded you're too deranged to cause the podcast with you.

Oh.

We saw a month left to go before our year anniversary.

I know.

That's why I'm twisting the knife.

No.

We still have a great episode coming up on Friday.

I thought where we were going to talk about Romain and Michelle.

Scott.

Yes.

I'd like to talk about me and my secret dreams.

Okay.

Well, I'm sorry I've never asked you about these.

Is that a sticking point with you or?

It didn't help.

Scott, I want to be a famous equestrian.

You want to be a horse?

Not only are you the deranged.

You might be dumb.

We know that's a person who rides a horse.

That's correct.

For money?

Yes.

Oh, ideally.

For fun?

Both.

Okay.

You know, if you love riding a horse, you'll never ride a horse for work a day in your life.

That's true.

Boy, I saw that.

Do you ever see that show?

What was it called?

Kava or whatever?

In Burbank.

And all the posters around LA just said, Larry King.

The best show I've seen in my life.

I forgot about the book.

And it made me buy a couple of tickets.

People don't know this, but Larry King was addicted to the smell of horseshit.

Well, that was part of the great part about the show, is every once in a while, the performers would take shits on stage, which I've never seen in any other...

No, they've got to go to Gigi Allen for that.

Of course.

Oh, Gigi.

Do you think that movie Gigi was about him?

I think the movie Gigi was about him.

Thank you.

For little girls.

I take your shit off.

Make sure you do the hand and throw it at the audience.

So you want to be in a questoring?

You don't want to do any of this stuff anymore?

No, I want to ride on a horse.

Have people pay me to do it, and I want to be on the cover of every magazine.

Horse magazine.

No.

Just magazines in general.

Us Weekly.

Architectural Digest.

Cat fancy?

Forbes.

Yes.

Man, I'm trying to think of other magazines.

Obviously, the magazine business is not what it used to be.

The ones about Princess Diye they put out every 10 years.

Did they wait the 10 years?

Man, that must be the...

Admirable restraint.

The lean years.

Scott.

Yes.

I would even like to ride a horse that is too main in a horse costume.

Really?

Yes.

I could probably put that together.

The horse costume part is probably the most difficult part.

Getting the two guys is easy, I would imagine.

What?

Why is...

Have they stopped making those?

No, I just like, I don't know.

I don't know.

Do they have them on Amazon?

I'm going to look on Amazon.

Wait, keep talking.

Keep talking.

I'm going to look it up.

This idiot thinks I'm really spraying.

This is my crowning dream.

Horse costume.

I will destroy him.

Horse costume adult?

Yeah, adult.

I'm going to infiltrate his organization.

See, this is a one man horse costume.

Where people are used.

Scott, the fake legs.

I'm going to look up two...

Two person.

I don't...

You know, Sprague, I can't find a two person horse costume.

You know, I did find as a two person adult peanut butter and jelly costume.

What does that look like?

It looks like this.

Oh, that's terrible.

You think it's terrible?

Is that a tandem costume?

Yeah, a tandem costume.

You see a couple rolling up to your Halloween party in this.

You're not going like, hey, that's really good.

We're going to have to talk to both of them the entire time.

Is it like one of those shirts?

You only like one, that is right.

He's like one of those shirts that you put two kids in when they're fighting and they force them to get along.

Where did we talk about that?

Never.

I thought on three of them.

We've talked about it.

Nope.

I wasn't on three of them.

I sprayed the whisper.

Scott.

Yeah.

Oh, here's an Adam and Eve costume.

I don't know about this one.

What do you think?

Oh.

Scott leaves over the private parts.

If you're going to go for it.

It looks like a stethoscope around his neck.

No, it's a snake.

Is that a snake?

That's the devil.

Yeah, it's a devil.

That's the devil.

I imagine the devil being a little more imposing of a snake than this.

And I don't know that he wrote in on Adam's shoulders.

Like, yeah, it's just like, hey, since you've taken a bite of this, I'm just going to chill.

Oh, yeah.

Sprink.

What's up?

Would you buy me those costumes?

Sure.

For some previous spray games.

I'm a little low on cash at the moment.

Sure.

How do you want me to pay for it?

Do you want me to give you Apple gift cards?

Scott.

Why don't you give me 100 Apple gift cards?

Oh, sure.

Then I will sell them.

Okay.

For lower than they want.

How does?

Yes.

You give me the 100 gift cards.

Got it.

Then I sell them for a friction of the price.

I've made a profit because I didn't pay for the gift cards.

Okay.

Yeah, sure.

I'll give you a 100 $1 Apple gift card.

Yeah.

You're all social security number.

Oh, sure.

Yeah.

Just to keep things honest.

Well, anything for you, Sprigg.

I mean, and obviously you- I'm Sprigg.

There's no question about you, the fact that you are Sprigg because you're wearing the cloak.

That's right.

And- Or that you can't see my face.

Even the- And be happy that I can't see your face.

Don't worry.

And be happy that you can't see my face.

Here's a little song I wrote about not seeing your face.

You might want to sing it.

No, I don't.

About seeing your face.

What's a presumptuous song?

No song in history has ever started that way.

Like, hey, here, look, I got a song.

By the way, you're going to want to memorize this?

Exactly.

Why didn't they put that at the end?

That was a little song I wrote.

You might want to sing it open.

No, for no, goodbye.

Goodbye.

More songs need to say goodbye.

You are, we need link.

Goodbye.

What happened to her?

I don't know.

I presume she's dead, but I don't know.

Do you think that was said at her funeral?

You were the weakest link.

They lowered her into the ground.

Those dirt hunters said goodbye.

When you think about that, Ivana, Trump's grave.

Have you seen that?

What happened at the grave?

No.

Okay, this is news from a month ago.

I'm sorry.

Just check it out.

Check out the pictures.

It's insane.

How often you find yourself saying on the show, check out this grave I'm saying.

It was just, I was on Zillow for graves the other day.

Saw Ivana's just pop up and I was like, this is a little bit sad.

Now these are graves that you can purchase?

Graves other people are in.

Oh, it's comps.

I see, I see.

Yeah, for your own grave.

Yeah, exactly.

So, you, all right there, Sprague?

Yes, I'm.

Yeah, I'm.

All right.

Just take it back through.

Yeah, let me clap you on the back here, if you don't mind.

Oh, there you go.

All right, is that better?

Yes.

You fool.

What?

What have you done?

Sprague, you have learned Jydus?

No, I don't.

You idiot.

You utter doped.

Sir, this isn't Sprague.

Who are you?

Reveal yourself to me.

You don't recognize me.

You sound a little like Richard Harrow, but I don't know.

No, I'm not Richard Harrow.

Take off your hood so I can see you, or say your name that might be better.

I don't know.

It is I, the Prime Minister.

The Prime Minister from the Tears for Fears episode.

As I have returned.

Years ago.

From maybe 24.

I don't care.

I'm concentrating on what I sound like.

I think this is it.

I think you have a handle on it.

The Prime Minister, you were kind of even seen you in so long.

I forget all of your details.

Yes, it's been a while.

Yeah, we used to say that around that era.

Yeah, you're right.

You're going to say that anyway.

Well, we sort of phase it out.

I'm getting too popular.

It's been a while.

Nope.

Not doing that either.

Sorry.

Bridger, this is the Prime Minister.

And you snuck on to announce Sprague's retirement.

Yeah.

Yeah, so Sprague is retiring.

And he hired you to announce it.

No, you idiot.

But how is everyone so stupid?

I'm trying to bring Sprague down.

What?

I want to be the only English guest, not comedy bag bag.

You're English?

Yes.

I'm the Minister of Vise.

Well, we have Andrew Lloyd Webber, so that's another English guest.

That fool.

He is a fool.

He won't be around for long.

He's crazy for this one.

What do you know?

No, I'm in the Broadway community.

Oh, that's true.

I'll just say the message boards are lighting up.

Never mind.

Really?

Oh my god.

Then I won't have to match greatest him to announce his retirement.

So you want to be the only English guest?

You were on once maybe eight years or so ago.

And you are trying to bring down Sprague who's on the show regularly, because you want to be the only English guest.

Yes, you finally grasped it.

And what is your deal again?

You were sort of like the cake boss, but for pies?

I'm the Prime Minister.

Minister, as in like the Ministry of Pies or Ministries?

Yes, I am the Ministry of Pies.

All kinds of pies.

Sweet, savory, cutie.

Sweetie.

Hair.

Yes, if you must.

I must.

So you came on the show and tears for fears were on the show.

Dance.

And then I saw and they loved you, by the way.

I saw them maybe five days later when they did the television show and they were imitating you.

They loved me.

They loved you.

Really? What did they say exactly?

They were just like, Oh, I really enjoyed the pie, Minister.

They just were talking like it, like all day.

Well, that's very gratifying.

Yeah, well, tears for fears are big fans, but they're English as well, so.

And they haven't been on a game, have they?

I'm not even though they have a new album.

No, my plan is working.

Damn, so you're playing the long game.

Yes.

I see the game was you were on once, then never came back on and let other British guests be on multiple times.

And then now we're trying to force one of them on.

Yeah, what triggered you into being on the show?

I mean, we've had so many English people on since you were on my list.

I finally listened to it.

Then I discovered there were many English guests.

What'd you think?

I was not a fan.

Well, then what do you care?

Because I get, I cannot have these other English people guests take on this podcast.

Do you let other English people on other shows?

Do I let other people...

Yeah, I suppose so.

But it's just my show you don't want English people on?

It's the only show I've ever been on.

Oh, that's right.

You've made one appearance on this show, and then it was almost like you disappeared.

Oh, that's right. You don't know.

I keep up with my former guests.

Do keep up with other podcasts.

As much as I can.

Maybe I was on iWay with Jimmy Lejimil.

Maybe Conan had you on.

Maybe I'm gonna ride you to be a different.

That would be very funny.

One week just suddenly as the prime minister.

People are like, this show used to get Martin Short and people like that on something.

It wouldn't be that funny.

Really, you don't think so?

He could do a lot worse than me.

He has done a lot worse than you.

Yeah, this comedian on one time, no one has ever heard of.

Did he get a lot of flack for that?

I hope so.

Probably the least rated episode.

Well, prime minister, I'm sorry to say.

Prime Minister.

We have an open door policy on the show.

People are welcome to come and go as they please, and I can't keep there from being English guests on, especially Sprague.

I need Sprague on my other show.

Who is in charge of this open door policy?

It's kind of like the norms in the government.

Do you say that every time anyone mentions it on TV like I do?

Are governmental norms?

No, harm.

It's kind of like the norms in the government.

They're not laws, but we just adhere to them.

It's like a tradition.

A tradition started by whom?

We left the door open one day and it just all fell into place.

Everything clicked into place.

I have a suggestion.

Yes.

Close the door.

Prime Minister, I don't want to close this door.

What if someone shows up wanting to be on this?

Prime Minister, I don't think so.

I'm so sorry.

We're going to leave this door open.

It's like, I'm too old and to set my ways to change it.

I almost said ugly, but I thought that would be bad.

You were going to say ugly?

You said I'm too old and I thought it would be funny to jump in and say ugly.

Then I thought that's bad.

That'll come off bad.

Oh, really?

That's the only reason you didn't want to do it is because it would come off bad.

How about the feelings, the hurt feelings that would ensue?

The secretary of consideration.

Prime Minister just catches up briefly.

What have you been up to in the last eight years?

Because we're coming up on a break.

Obviously, ministering to many pies.

Sure.

What's your favorite pie at this point?

Meat.

Meat has gone into the number one position.

I look when pie is your thing, there are many, there are many ups and downs currently as meat.

What about pot?

Pot pie.

We don't say that in the ministry.

What do you say?

A meat pie is what you would call a pot pie.

Oh, it is.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

But is it the same ingredients?

Is it turkey and carrots and not any?

Well, sometimes onions.

Potatoes.

Peas.

The gravy.

The gravy is searching for.

Gravy is like the sounds more like a shepherd's pie.

Oh, okay.

What is a traditional meat pie?

Meat.

Crust.

The end.

Filling.

What is filling?

You're talking about one of these pies with the layered deer meat that you see on the paper.

That's exactly that.

Just kind of a wet, like, foot tall.

I love deer meat.

Cake made of deer meat.

No, not venison.

Deer meat.

You have to think meatloaf's kids at some point address a letter to them, to him.

Why would his children call him meat and not father?

I thought he asked them.

And I know one of his children, by the way.

So a full disclosure.

But I bet he asked them.

He's like, don't call me dad.

Call me meat.

Who's this child, Josh Loaf?

Josh.

Well, the pie minister.

Pie minister, not prime minister.

I said pie minister.

It's prime.

You've got Amazon on the brain.

Just look at the costumes on Amazon Pie.

We have to take a break.

Can you stick around?

We have to take a break.

We have a very exciting guest coming up.

A young player making moves.

Do you want to stick around?

We can talk to him together.

I do think I get to stick around.

Oh, because of the voice?

Yes.

Okay, see you later.

All right.

We'll be right back with more Bridger Weinegger.

Thanks, Pie Minister.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

We have Bridger Weinegger.

I said no gifts here with us.

So what do you think of the pie minister there?

I was a little uneasy.

Yeah.

I felt like I was sold something with the cloak.

And I was looking forward to some sort of career advice.

Yeah, a guy shows up in a cloak, says he's a manager.

You trust that person.

Yes, of course.

You say this is somebody I could take home.

And then suddenly it's this kind of scratchy voice person with a plan that I didn't quite see how it was going to add up.

An unpopular guest as well.

People hate it.

Like never took off.

Right.

Other than with the band tears for fears and is difficult for him to even speak much longer than 15 minutes.

So I don't know why.

Have you suggest, have you considered doing a spin off of this podcast that's exclusively for tears for fears?

It's just the members of the band.

I would love that.

I God, God please let them call me as they when they pass through LA.

I would love to have them back on the show.

Right.

Then they're listening to this thing that's for how many members of the band are there for?

There are two.

Oh, tears for fears is a two man band.

There's tears and then fears.

Is that that cannot be true?

I almost believe.

And tears has a little teeter-op tattooed because he's killed a lot of people.

They've both been through a lot of prison time.

Wait, who's that?

Oh, I heard you laughing into the mic.

Oh, sorry.

Sorry, man.

I was having a good time.

Yeah.

Hey, stick around for a bit if you get.

Okay.

All right.

You know what?

Yeah.

With that's all it took.

Yeah.

I mean, I realized I got some time.

Oh, great.

Well, why?

What do you have to do a little bit later?

Um, I got to pick up friend from the airport.

Which airport?

John Wayne.

Okay.

It's a bit of a trick.

I know.

He's my friend.

Why didn't he fly into Burbank?

I don't know.

They're big movie, but.

Okay.

Well, you don't like Bob Hope as much as they like John Wayne.

I can see that.

How come L.A.X isn't named after a movie star?

No.

Bing Crosby or someone like that.

Look.

I'm a Turner.

Okay.

Now you're talking too much.

Come on.

Go back.

No.

Stay.

Come back.

You're so agreeable.

Sure.

I'm a good guy.

Yeah.

All right.

Let's get to our next guest.

Uh, he's a young player making moves.

This is exciting.

Ooh.

You're excited by this.

Yeah.

What about you, Bridger?

Young board for this.

I'd like to meet him.

I'd like to hear what he's saying.

Reserving the right to hear what he's saying.

I got burned once already on the episode.

I understand.

I apologize.

But I am willing to hear.

I don't like to run this type of podcast where we're doing the whole shell game kind of thing.

The beat and switch.

I apologize.

You come in here nervous enough.

Exactly.

And somebody's lying and there's the deceit.

It's uh, come on.

I'm so sorry to make you so.

I hate it.

Thank you.

Thanks, Shimmy.

Appreciate that.

Sure.

Well, let's bring him on.

He is a young player making moves.

Please welcome to the show for the first time.

Dre Wonka.

What's happening?

If you want to be somebody, if you want to go somewhere, you got to wake up and pay your attention.

Ah, what's good?

Y'all what's happening?

Dre Wonka and his motherfucker.

Yeah.

Dre Wonka.

What's up, dude?

Man ain't ain't not changed but the address, you know.

I swear.

I'm sorry.

I'm still in flex right now.

They're still looking.

Checking out some properties.

Oh, cool.

What's good.

How y'all doing?

Yeah.

Dre, is that short for Andre?

Or is that short for Dreia or?

Yeah, no, Andre.

Yeah.

Andre Wonka.

I look, I have to ask.

I hear a name like Wonka.

Oh, I know what you're going to say.

And you're right.

Yeah.

So basically, you know, I'm a young player.

I hear making moves.

I mean, I'd make a lot of moves.

What type of moves are you making?

Okay.

You know, some dance moves, you know, like what happened?

Oh, what happened?

Young player making moves.

I didn't assume that they were dance moves.

I moved dance in the career.

Why?

Yeah, I like to dance.

But I make moves too.

Like, so, you know, I'm a, I play with, that was going to sound, I was going to say I was going to play with kids, but I'm not like that.

Like I'm the soccer referee.

So, Oh, so you're not even playing with the kids.

Yeah, I'm regulating.

And like, we're in G.

Yeah.

And for the game starts, I go, Regulators.

And none of the kids get it.

No, they're kids.

At this point, I mean, even 40 year olds don't get it.

Yeah.

And then, so, I don't really know shit about soccer, but I just, the kids are too good.

Make it up as you go on.

Yeah, they can barely kick the ball.

Red car.

Yeah, it's just, they're having fun out there.

Yeah.

You want to give everyone a red card experience, at least once during the game too.

But a couple years ago, I sort of sell a psychedelic if y'all want something like that.

To the kids?

No, that would be disrespectful.

That's the reason that they get to the game of soccer.

But you don't know.

Yeah.

So a couple years ago, I did the 23andMe, you know what I'm saying?

Found out the Wonka family, Olmots family and slaves.

So I decided to take my slave name back.

So my name before was Dre X.

So now I'm Dre Wonka, because I want to take my slave name.

I want my slave name back.

So you're saying Willy Wonka, wait, are you a Nupa Loompa?

I'm half a Loompa, half black.

Oh, so you're half Loompa, half a Loompa?

Wait, no, I'm half, I'm half Wonka, half Loompa.

Oh, oh, okay.

So but Loompa is, you know, they basically from the Caribbean, so they black.

Yeah, got it.

Okay.

So wait, so Willy Wonka fucked a Nupa Loompa?

Yeah.

And you're the...

And I'm the descendant of that.

And so when I did the 23andMe, I found out.

And it's crazy, I'm already, I'm pre-biabetic, I'm pre-diagetic, I'm pre-diabetic.

I'm pre-diabetic, I can't even eat candy right now.

So I'm losing my goddamn mind.

So I said, let me take the name and get as much candy as I can.

I got about four years for the diabetes kick set.

And then we go get it in.

You know, chocolate, sour candies, all types of shit.

But, you know, that's what I'm doing.

And I'm making moves out here.

And I'm trying to get my hair inheritance.

I'm trying to get the Wonka inheritance.

And they owe me money, they owe me money.

And I'm saying how they treated my family.

Reparations.

Yeah, that's right.

What'd you say, Black?

Reparation.

Yeah, say it one more time.

Reparation, yeah, like that.

She misass reparations.

If you wanna be somebody, if you wanna go somewhere, you gotta wake up and pay attention.

What is that you're singing?

Man, that's an old tune from a great legendary singer, St. Mary Clarence.

St. Mary Clarence from the Sister Rats.

Oh, it's a no.

Right, right.

I saw that reason.

You did?

Yeah.

Yeah, you saw it on your podcast?

Yeah, oh, I didn't say, but apparently you know about my podcast.

Man, I know about all the cast.

I know about the Bridges podcast with the gifts.

You know what I'm saying?

I do a couple gift parties sometimes.

We sit around, give each other gifts.

You can gift parties.

Yeah.

Is this like Christmas change?

On December 25th?

No, it's not on a holiday.

It's on a Sunday with a lot of ladies.

Sometimes Christmas is on Sundays.

Anyways, go ahead.

No, it's with a lot of ladies.

It's true.

Sometimes Christmas is on Sunday.

For real?

Yeah.

Of course Christmas.

Yeah, they're terrible.

Nobody likes Christmas on a Sunday.

No.

Yeah, yeah, that's not tight.

You wanted on a Tuesday.

You wanted on a good Tuesday Wednesday.

Yeah, exactly.

Christmas is good about it on Sunday.

You don't got to go to church twice.

That's right.

Oh, yeah.

No, sometimes you do, right?

You go to church and then you go to the Christmas session.

That's right.

The Christmas session.

Yeah.

Hey, where you from?

Well, me?

Yeah.

I'm from all over the place, man.

That's what I'm talking about.

Ain't nothing changed but the address here.

Exactly.

Oh, that's where you took the word for it.

I'm about.

Yeah, where are you from?

Yeah, I'm from Bridgerton, Connecticut.

Is that one of those that show Bridgerton is about?

Yeah, it's a Connecticut.

Oh, I didn't know it.

That's why I'm a fan of the one because they immigrated over.

Oh, okay.

Set it in Bridgerton.

And I grew up there.

Yeah, because he was in England or something, right?

Yeah, yeah.

So I'm kind of English too.

So I'm like, you know, I don't know about your boy.

I don't know.

I heard that y'all not one English people on the planet.

Oh, he took off.

I'm the Prime Minister took off.

You know, I'm from Delta.

Delta, maybe Rhode Island.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I used to get money down there.

But yeah, man, I tell you what that means.

I do.

Yeah, keep talking though.

Oh, yeah.

So, uh, like I was saying, I'm making moves.

I do self-psychadelics.

I do soccer refereeing with the children.

Yeah.

But right now I'm trying to get on more podcasts and talk about my situation with the Wonka state.

Oh, okay.

And try to get my money back.

Yeah, you're hoping to get your money back.

It's a candy.

Have you filed some sort of civil suit against the family?

No, I haven't done anything yet.

I'm, uh, this is my first, I think I did.

Let's come on here.

Oh, this is your first.

Oh, okay.

So you're trying to get on more podcasts and you started here.

Yeah, yeah, I figure, you know, maybe, uh, this is a good entry-level podcast.

Yeah, it's a nice launching pad.

So yeah, you know, if you guys know a lawyer, if somebody can help me out, that'll be down for it because I'm trying to get out here and make these moves.

Yeah, have you ever had a lawyer on the show?

No, I can't.

Yeah, I don't think we've ever had a lawyer on this.

Really bad.

Oh, I know it's only out of Jones.

He's a lawyer.

He's more of a defensive.

He's like, no, he does lawsuits.

Oh, yeah.

He'll pass the bar.

Yeah, I hear a corn.

Yeah, it's all you need here.

Yeah.

That's all I need.

Yeah, he's driving.

I'm trying.

How far back does the Wonka family go?

Then it goes back to the like 14th century, you know what I'm saying?

Yeah.

Yeah, and Willie Wonka was like, he was an anomaly, you know what I mean?

And like, them cast was out there causing problems, you know, going around state to state, pillaging and all that.

But now that, you know, they try to change their rep, making candy and shit for the kids.

It was all bullshit, you know what I'm saying?

I had a 50-lifting drink, a 50-lifting drink, a 50-lifting drink, a 50-lifting drink.

You know what I'm saying?

I ain't flying nowhere.

I ain't go up.

I ain't go down.

I just had gas all day.

Some bullshit right there.

I heard your podcast, Bridger.

What was your favorite?

Man, you had a funny dude on there.

He came to Nae Lamar on that show.

Never having him back.

Oh man, what's wrong with him?

It was a difficult conversation.

What kind of gift he gave you?

Truly cannot remember.

Yeah, that's what I'm talking about.

Man, why you going to put out the content?

It has been years.

How are you going to put out the content?

But you don't believe in it.

You know what I'm saying?

putting out this content.

I need you to remind me.

You listened to it recently.

On the way to this podcast.

Oh yeah, I listened to it.

It was, I don't remember.

See, that's what I mean, Bridger.

No one cares if you throw away these gift-casting shit away.

Hey, Dre, will you come on my podcast when I start it?

Yeah, yeah.

Shimi, you're starting a podcast?

Yeah.

W say.

It's, I got two concepts.

Okay.

And I don't know which one to do.

Okay.

One is lit, shimi.

And the podcast takes place where we're dancing the whole time.

Me and my guests.

Oh, let's shimmy.

Let's shimmy.

Oh, yeah, you should have a lit shimmy.

Like, a loud shimmy.

Lit shimmy.

Yeah, I thought you said lit shimmy.

Like, we all going to look at it right.

Yeah, yeah.

But that's also, I guess that works.

Well, here's the other concept is, swimmy with shimmy.

And we're swimming the whole time.

They're the interviews.

Oh, I love that.

Or splashing.

Well, they'll be splashing because we dog paddling.

We're just, we go out, we get dropped off in the middle of the lake.

By an helicopter.

We're just treading water, trying to stay alive.

Like the Marine Corps.

Yeah, I could tread.

I'll tread up in there.

I could try for like 45 minutes.

I don't know what he wants to show.

I'll show.

Oh, well, I include my intro.

I do like a ramble monologue for 15 minutes.

Oh, man.

Do people skip past it?

I hope not.

I haven't started yet.

How does the drowning guests feel about the monologue?

Oh, that's my timer.

Got to go.

Oh, Jimmy, what happened?

Your apple watch went off.

How did you get an apple watch, Jimmy?

Is that what this is?

Oh, where did you find that?

I found it on the ground.

On the ground.

Yeah.

Who left one there?

Oh, man.

So you got a Coke right out of here.

Oh, man.

That's, yeah, that's a nice apple watch.

That's an apple watch.

Oh, his bio rhythms are fucked up.

I feel bad for this guy.

All right.

Yeah, I like that.

I like that.

I know it's going to complain.

I had a couple pies, a couple snazberry pies.

And let me taste some now.

Taste like snazberry.

Hey, so the Wonka empire expanded into pies?

Oh, yeah.

That's what I was just saying.

So we know the Wonka is known for the Everlasting Godstoppers, the other stuff.

But I think like, I'm like, We all know what you're talking about.

My goal is to take the Wonka name and expand it.

You know what I'm saying?

Because I don't play or make it move.

So what do you want to do with it?

So past candy or?

Yeah, past candy.

I want to create a Wonka theme park.

You know what I'm saying?

I want to be the first Black man with a theme park.

Yeah, I can't think of a, I mean, do Malcolm X have one?

No, not Malcolm X.

No, yeah, yeah.

Malcolm X, he had a little go-kart thing, but everybody.

They had a dress code.

The best thing I've ever seen is a dress code.

The dress code killed it.

Hey, got no bacon up here.

That's what, when you go to drive go-karts, you want to bake it.

I want two strips of bacon and I put on my certain towers, my bacon.

Yeah, and I want a whole last theme park.

So I want it to be in Chicago.

That's one of my favorite cities.

Okay, so you want the first one?

Yeah.

Sure, there will be many.

Yeah, once we get that one and we'll set up them up all over the country.

Yeah.

Are you going to have a boat that goes through a terrifying tunnel?

Oh, yeah, it's going to be great.

It's like a worm crawling on the guys' face.

Yeah, only this tunnel is going to sow the history of the oppression from the Waka family.

And how it's brewing all of our oompa-loompas and everybody.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, it'll have like a Willy Wonka crawling on your mother.

Yeah, yeah, exactly.

They never bring that up.

That's it.

That's in it harsh.

Sorry about that.

I'm sorry.

Yeah, that's just a lot of trouble.

I was making an illusion to the worm crawling on a face.

And then it came out of its own.

Everybody got it?

Yeah, I know.

It sounded bad after us.

No, it just reminded me of the trauma.

I'm in therapy for it.

But yeah, was this an unwanted advance from Willy Wonka?

Oh, you know, I don't know.

Like I said, I got the paper work and it said that's what I'm from.

But I don't know.

They gave me paperwork on 23 of me?

Yeah, it was like a book.

It's like a big-ass book.

I guess there's a box you can check.

It's a big-ass book.

Hey, don't send this to me via email.

Just give me a book.

I want hard copies.

Let's see how I said a paper list.

Just paper.

Paperful.

Paperful post.

What about that?

That's a business, right?

That's just letters.

Yeah, so it's a book with a bunch of pictures and it has the whole history of like all my- A bunch of pictures.

Yeah.

He's like, you can get the pictures in your phone turned into a little photo album.

Yeah, it's like that.

For me, you can get them sitting in a hardbound coffee.

Yeah, and they'll play like a good folk song behind it.

Yeah, it's beautiful.

If you want to be somebody, if you want to go somewhere, you got to wake up and pay your attention.

I love that.

Why do you like that song?

Why do you keep singing?

Yeah, that's my mantra.

You know what I'm saying?

I'm saying it keeps me motivated, you know, because a lot of people that ain't out here making moves and they ain't playing.

Where do you stand on the theme park?

Are you going to break ground soon or what?

No, I got first.

I got to get my inheritance from the Wonka estate.

Once I get that, I already got the land over in, it's in Inglewood, California, Inglewood, Chicago, Inglewood, California.

That's a different Inglewood.

Hey, Dre.

It's another location opportunity.

Yeah.

Who are the current custodians of the Wonka estate?

Yeah, who's still alive?

Yeah, that's a good question.

Because Willie is, I remember him from the 70s.

Yeah.

And then he changed his face a little bit.

And he got all the makeup.

He went kind of Michael Jackson looking.

Yeah, right.

And then the little kid, he then he became a little kid for a bit.

Yeah, right.

Pretty ass kid.

Yeah, but who is he like, is he passed on now?

Who's?

Yeah, he's gone.

So right now it's a Weser face, Kurt Wonka.

Kurt Wonka.

Yeah, he's a what's your face?

Yeah.

Hey, look, I don't know what genders they are.

So then there's Kurt and then the little, the other sister, Chantel and Jason, Jason Wonka.

So those are the three and they all live.

And they're all official children with Mrs. Wonka.

I think Mrs. Wonka was on the show once before.

Oh, yeah.

So they all, you know, they have, I'm in a fight with them.

So they all are getting the money and the chocolate and the blueberries and all that.

So, you know, the violence, it's bullshit.

You know, it's really upsetting to talk about because they owe me money.

I know, but you know what?

That place seemed like a dangerous place anyway.

Like, you know, like, kind of a hazard, you know?

You know, like a one kid ends up on TV instead of as a real life human being.

One turns blue, you know.

Yeah, but that's because they disrespecting the rules, you know, if they follow the rules, they won't happen.

That's how my part's going to be.

You follow the rules, everything goes well.

I like that one child got hideously transformed because she liked gum.

Yeah.

But you like people who follow the rules.

If you find, and this is what I say, when people get pulled over by the police all the time, just follow the rules and you'll be okay.

Excuse me.

Yeah, you know, I actually got this one ride.

You reminded me of Mr. Ockermann like, so there's going to be, this had a whole theme park.

So we got, we got had a cop land and then we go on a land.

So, so, Vessar Stallone and Janine Graflow will be in there.

Oh, yeah. Janine Graflow, she welcomes you in.

She'll be like, well, and she'll do it like her thing.

But I welcome the cop land.

It's the cop land.

Sorry, I have these notes.

Yeah.

And then you go in there and then they got a nice stick, nice stick ride where you got to dodge nightsticks.

And they got the one ride where you got to like, see if you can like run away from the cops without getting shot in the back.

It's really, And if you can film everything, you got extra points up here.

Yeah, no, yeah.

And then, yeah, you have your camera phone, but they give you a camera phone.

You can't suggest.

Are you going to have the tower of Taser?

Yeah, yeah.

You try to scan the tower without getting Taser.

Let me put my glasses back on.

Yeah, you take them off in horror when I said that.

But the police, I just want to go back on.

20 to see my soul for a second.

Yeah.

Yeah, man, you know, the tower of Taser gets in the top, but it's a good experience, you know, and it's a good thing.

It's only for white people.

They go for that, you know, but yeah, it's to give them, yeah.

Yeah, give them experience of what it feels like to be a black man in America and take the, and then you get to, at the end, you get to get to find out your slave, who owns you as slaves and take your slave name.

Amazing.

I think it's a clever idea to have like a ride in a amusement park that says white, totally.

They think it's going to be slaggy.

Yeah, they're going to be slaggy.

Thank God.

We brought this back.

Yeah.

And then suddenly it's a bad situation for us.

Absolutely.

We'll have a bunch of apple pies up front, like a guy in a Yankees baseball uniform, and make them feel real at home and then turn it all over the head.

It'll be crazy.

Well, it sounds like a great move to make.

I think I can make money.

Yeah, I've got to get my money first.

I mean, you got to make sure that everyone signs an NDA when they go in.

Yeah.

They can't talk about the experience, so it doesn't spoil the surprise.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Excuse me.

Yeah, all right, it's a big swig of water.

That's a talk about it.

Right?

You took an urgent swig of water.

Shh.

I'll just talk about money, make me thirsty.

I really need to get in touch with the Wonka estate though.

And you know, I'm a little worried that they got a couple lawsuits out there.

Yeah, who's suing the Wonkas at this pile?

Well, Charlie Bucket must be.

Yeah, Charlie Bucket.

I mean, he's following this picture.

First of all.

Yeah, he was supposed to take over the whole thing.

Right, with the grandfather.

Yeah.

The grandfather dancing around.

He's a goddamn nitro.

Let me tell you, I got no love for the bucket family.

You know what I'm saying?

The bucket's they out here trying to take my money, you know what I'm saying?

They get, they know better than the Wonkas, you know.

Yeah.

Yeah, they think they cool because they pour or whatever.

Were you poor, right?

They kind of trade it on big and poor.

Yeah.

You know how much money I make for me in soccer again?

I make 40,000 a year for any soccer game.

How many are you doing?

As of all, it's once this week, every Saturday.

Just once a week.

Yeah.

All right.

So it's uh, so that would be.

Yeah, that would be a volunteer position.

No, I would never do that.

Kids, kids are crazy.

But yeah, so that's all, you know, I'm just trying to get my moves, Bridget.

So that's all.

Yeah, that's all.

You're wrapping up.

You're packing your soup.

Right.

Yep.

If so, whoever, you know, hit me up at a high five.

You have like a go bag that you're like putting, an extra change of clothes in right now.

Go on sunglasses.

Give me a screw business card.

And you're letting me take you some of this candy real quick.

Man, that tastes good.

Let me tell y'all something, man.

Which kind of was that?

That was a.

Got a suburb?

Yeah.

I mean, I will say, Drake, even though you could write off it.

You're not, your knowledge of the line of products is.

Yeah.

It starts and ends with one thing.

Yeah, but you can't expect me.

I'm just found this shit out.

You know, I think it's back.

We didn't know the whole research.

That's true.

I got to learn it up, you know.

So that's why I got to get in touch with the family, get a tour of the factory and all that.

I think it's time for your song.

You know, if you want to be somebody, why don't you sing it with me, y'all?

If you want to be somebody, if you want to go somewhere, you got to wake up and pay attention.

Oh, man, that's great.

Yeah.

Highfiving.

I remember what the what the dude gave you, Bridget and Lizan.

It was a biography of Britain by DJ Cal.

Of course, the keys.

Yeah, the keys.

They gave you the key success.

Did you read it?

Obviously.

I've looked at it.

I mean, I think it's very clear.

You just look at the past two years of my life and you're like, well, this person's succeeding.

I think we should all work on this theme park.

I dare it together.

I mean, yeah, yeah.

We've already got.

What kind of record would you have?

I only have my copyright and the tower of taser so far.

I mean, I came up with that to be fair.

All right.

I know I don't want no problem.

I want no problems.

What about you, Bridget got an eye?

You got any pictures?

There's a candy themed for.

Right.

It's just other than the cop-flanned part.

No, it's themed about justice in America.

Justice in America.

Okay, well, other than candy.

Yeah, there will be candy there, no.

How about like the swinging scales of justice?

Like, you get on them and they like.

Like a pirate ship goes back and forth?

Yeah.

Or like those things that go around and around and use like, oh, yeah.

Yeah.

I like his version of it.

Shit.

I'm on fire.

I think you two, you're on the same wave light.

Yeah, you work together.

Also, yeah, we'll have.

You got to be prepared for Shimi to just leave suddenly though.

I promise I'll stay to the end.

Yeah, you're gonna work with me.

You're gonna show up to work.

Yeah, I'll play that bullshit.

But yeah, so we, and how much will we charge?

Probably like, you know, 400 bucks to get in.

Yeah, that's used a little steep.

Yeah, man.

It's the Wonka estate.

I know, but Disneyland don't work.

If you only charge 150 for parking, that's a deal.

That's right.

Yeah.

I like where your head's at.

Thanks, Ray.

And I think, you know, we'll do, maybe we'll do a little deal.

Like, you know, like my forefather's dead, where we'll put out, you know, a special ticket.

You know what I mean?

And then, oh yeah, the golden ticket is what they call it.

I don't know if you know that, but yeah, they called it a golden ticket.

If you got it in an actual chocolate bar, then you got a trip to the Wonka factory.

That's right.

So yeah, like maybe we could do something like that.

And maybe we'll put it in a bean pie or something.

And then it'd be a black.

I'm worried the pine minister is going to come back.

We start talking about bean pies.

Oh yeah.

Well, I'll be back.

How about like for another attraction, the No Knock Nebula, where it's like, you enter in there, you try to just mind your own business.

Because you walk in, they set you up with a blanket, and go to sleep.

It's kind of like the reverse of a haunted house.

So you're really good at when someone else comes up with an idea, like, adding to it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

That seems to be your strength.

It's kind of my life.

You know, it's like I had nothing going on.

Then I found out I was related to this fortune company.

Yeah.

And now that's who I am.

Yeah.

Great.

It's the plan until then.

Just as I had to soccer thing, you know, right.

My goal is eventually like, you know, work myself up to like younger basketball.

To younger kids.

Hey, I like kids, man.

That's why I want to do a theme play.

Put it on the makeup.

It makes sense that the younger the kids are, the more they need a referee, because they're just running around.

They don't know what they're doing.

Yeah.

And unless I have to know about the sport.

Exactly.

They don't have to know about basketball.

If the kids don't know, you know, then I could just do whatever rules I want.

It's crazy, you know.

It is crazy.

I think like the parents get mad though, when I call them, make the wrong call.

Because they're like, this guy doesn't know what he's doing.

It's really sad.

Isn't that all parents though?

Yeah. But they be giving me an orange slices in a capri in a bag.

We only have time for one final feature on the show.

That is a little something called plugs.

I was walking down the street just the other day.

I was so confused.

I don't even know what to say.

Why are we wasting time?

When are water hugs?

We only have time for one final feature.

That is a little something called plugs.

♪ Da da da da da da da da da ♪ ♪ Da da da da da da da ♪ ♪ Da da da da da da ♪ ♪ Da da da da da ♪ Tootootoot.

Hall of Bard.

Wonderful.

Hey that was great that was Toot Toot for plugs by Chris Finkey.

Thank you Chris.

All right what are we plugging Bridger obviously?

The podcast.

That's it. That's it.

I know you have still like plugging.

I know you're a young player making moves.

I've heard about some of your moves that you're making, but those are future moves.

That's it.

In November there'll be a new show on Netflix called Blockbuster.

Okay.

That's what people have heard about this.

Yes and you're a writer on this.

I'm a writer on that.

Wait Blockbuster's moving to Netflix?

They've moved to you.

They imagined?

They finally caved.

Yeah.

What's up?

You know my man Chris, he found out his family was on by the Blockbusters.

Oh, he got to get money.

Really?

Chris Blockbuster?

Yeah Chris Blockbuster.

You know what I'm saying?

You tell him, you know, so I'll let him know.

Come find you.

You know, we're gonna get lunch after this.

He's gonna come after me.

Yeah, yeah.

I feel like just barely related to the family.

And for me to be the subject of a lawsuit, you'll be unfair.

You're benefiting from the slave.

Yeah, you are.

I agree.

I agree with Dre.

I'm thinking Mr. Acama.

All right.

So I said no gifts.

I don't get the podcast anywhere.

They get podcasts and shimmy.

Anything you want to plug?

Hey man, you know, I've heard about this comedian.

I never heard of him before.

And Conan O'Brien needs a friend.

And I was like, he's not famous, but I guess I'll listen.

And he's got a show in Los Angeles on September 4th at Loudroom.

Really?

Who is this guy?

Don't ask me.

Sorry.

Yeah, I know.

He's not famous.

So why would you know?

But the show's called Varietyopia.

Oh, okay.

And it's called The Tickets at PaulFtumpkins.com.

.com-slash-live.

Maybe his name will be there too.

And also, if you can't see the show, they put them up on Vimeo so you can watch them there.

Wow.

And that's September 4th, you say?

Sunday, September 4th.

Special surprise guests.

You won't want to miss him.

Oh, this is incredible.

All right.

And Dre, what do you want to plug?

Oh, I just want to plug.

So that dude that was on your podcast, I followed him after that.

And he got this one podcast where him and the homie watched Gossip Girl Time.

It's called, I think it's called XOXO Gossip Kings.

And they talk about Gossip Girl and stuff.

Oh, yeah.

And other money things on the headgump podcast, I think.

Okay.

That is a headgump podcast?

Yeah.

Yeah, they got the headgump.

And then the other thing that dude also, he'd be rapping too.

He'd be making music.

I heard he's one of the best UCB rappers.

Yeah.

You know what I'm saying?

I heard him all.

I listen to every UCB rapper there is.

And nobody's as good as this one.

You know what I'm saying?

As a matter of fact, he got the award for best UCB rap at the Franklin.

There's some stiff competition.

There's some.

Ooh, Franklin.

Not even sunset.

It's a big, it's pristine microphone as an award.

It's awesome.

Wow.

Do you think headgump was made by the Walker family?

Man, I bet, you know, I wouldn't be surprised, bro.

You gotta go after them.

You gotta go after newcomers.

Yeah.

Everybody.

Everybody's getting.

What are you, him?

No, he gets it.

You know what I'm saying?

He's infectious.

I'm gonna say we gotta get our money's back.

What'd you say earlier?

We gotta get our money's back.

No, it gets with our reparation.

Yeah, that's it.

So I just want to represent that.

That's my, I'm plugging reparations today.

Yes, thank you.

Finally.

Cool.

Finally, they're happening.

If only somebody that plugged them on a podcast, everyone ain't did a whole thing about it.

If he's like, okay, what's gonna happen?

I was getting, nope.

Oh, the government did send everyone 18 under bucks once, didn't they?

Another two?

Wasn't something like that?

That's right.

Yeah, I spent that in a week.

Really?

I saved my money.

I'm gonna send you $2,000.

Now, you already did get the $600.

So real sneaky situation.

I want to plug, hey, head over to CBB World.

We just ended this big comedy bang bang tour.

People can listen to every show that we did over there at CBB World and listen.

I mean, they're all, in fact, last night should be up maybe today or tomorrow.

We had a good time.

I hope.

I was on one of those.

I bet you were.

Yeah.

You might be on all of them.

I had a great time.

No, I'm not on all of them.

Who knows?

But I popped up.

So head over to CBB World.com.

You can also get the archives of this show.

Previous episodes are all there as well as ad free episodes.

As well as the Andy Daley podcast project.

We have the archives and ad free episodes of freedom.

We have CBB Presents and this Friday on Scott As and seeing me in the real spray are going to be watching Romeo and Michelle's High School.

Why did you look at me when you said that?

I don't know.

But we did watch the house party recently.

Oh, how you feel about that one?

I feel really good.

We've talked about it since that episode too.

I really liked it.

Yeah, man.

I'll tell you what, man, that movie is dope.

You know, and the one thing they do in that movie, they move.

They make moves.

They definitely make moves.

They were young players making moves.

Yeah, that was the cast that called what it said.

I ain't get cast in anything.

I mean, you were too young at the time.

You might not have been boring yet.

I'm 57 years old.

What?

You look great.

Yeah, man.

Damn.

I took too long to do the...

I should have done 23 of me way back.

Not when I was 23 or something.

Yeah, you're supposed to do it when you're 23?

Yeah.

Is that the age that I'm at first?

When you turn 23, you're eligible.

Yeah, you might have gotten the wrong results because you weren't 23.

Yeah, I might be...

Shit.

Shit indeed.

Oh, no.

Are you reconsidering your whole thing?

Is your deal changing?

Faceless lawsuit.

Oh my God.

I'm going to go check some things out.

All right.

Well, before you do, let's close up the old plug bag.

Yeah.

I'm going to go check some things out.

Yeah.

Oh, no.

Okay.

That was closing the oh no bag by Danny California, spelled with a D-A-N-N-Y California.

I'm like the normal spelling of D-A-N-I, of course, that the red hot chili peppers, of course.

They're saying about...they haven't sung about a playing card.

Not yet.

They should.

That feels like it could absolutely be in the red hot tub.

That is right there for you.

What card do you think this thing about?

Probably the seven of...

What's the dirtiest card?

Well, Ace of Spades.

Yeah.

The motor had beat him to it.

They certainly did, man.

What do you think the dirtiest card is?

They're Dre?

I would say the Jack, you know what I'm saying?

They're always trying to jack you.

Yeah.

What are you gonna say cause of jacking?

All right.

Jacking people off?

No.

People off?

Who's gonna say yourself?

No, large groups.

Like say it large groups of people.

Yeah.

For both.

For 40, 20 at a time.

For raids.

Yeah.

Yeah, I ain't with the Jack, you know.

Always playing games.

I get it.

I like the Queen.

No, Queen of Hearts.

Good.

Yeah.

King is always good.

Always good.

Like the King.

Oh, and that.

Watch the throne.

Run the dude.

Dreher, you're shutting down.

You're not talking anymore?

He's just shucking his head.

Oh, he's shaking his head.

He's shaking his head.

He turned shy.

Oh, no.

Hey, Dre.

Yo, let me tell y'all something.

I'm about to make it happen.

You know what I mean?

Cause if you want to be somebody and you want to go somewhere, you got to wake up and play.

I'm taking it.

I saw that's all I got to say.

Yeah.

My motherfuckers, but you know, find out your shit.

You know what I'm saying?

Cause you might be on your, you know, I know Malcolm.

You're losing it again.

Yeah.

Malcolm X wanted us to take the X, but I'm doing, I'm saying the opposite.

Take the wall.

Take your slave master's name and get the money.

Yeah.

Get your money.

Very good.

You guys support that, right?

Of course.

Look how it's worked out for you.

Well, guys, I want to thank you so much.

There's Bridger so nice to meet you.

Thanks for being on the show and continued success with your podcast.

Even though you're my competition.

I don't just love that.

I love that.

One or two listeners to come on over.

I love that one or two.

That one or two.

And we won or two.

Wait, so you want them to stop listening to this show?

Yes, that's me.

The condition is they leave this show.

All right.

Yeah, I got it.

And, uh, Dre, great to meet you.

Yeah, it's nice to meet you guys, man.

Yeah.

And Shimi.

Yeah.

Okay.

We'll see you later.

Thanks, bye.

Bye.

You I'm going to go back to the next one.
