---
layout: page
title: Best of 2020 Part 1 [fe8934f8-a512-48f2-83e7-ac980009e4d9].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Guess who's got two thumbs and yes I am thinking of one specific person welcome to comedy bang bang Thank you to 2D but 2D but for that For that wonderful catchphrase submission and welcome to It seems a hive of scum and villainy is that a more wretched hive of scum and villainy You will be hard pressed to find is that what it says in your you will be hard breastified on your neck of the woods And then your neck of the woman ounces who's turned a hundred on Obi-Wan Kenobi pretty lady Welcome to comedy bang bang the best of 2020 part one that's right part one Question mark at no out of four oh That with an exclamation mark though sure sure I like to say exclamation point. I say exclamation point two, but during one of our clips I Pointed that out to a person saying why do you say exclamation mark because I thought it was just point and then I looked it up And you either are fine and so I felt stupid either I cut that out of the clip either smart Either are fine, but if you if you already have mark for question you don't say question point That is a good no one's question point. I mean point question. That's a good mark Hi mark Oh hi point sometimes I'm in this room I The room of course we're talking about Boy those bears fans they never quite got into that Dinka you went to the movies one to see I the movies not quite as enjoyable. I remember what I saw at the first time I was like this is a new rocky horror. I'm gonna come back next month when they show it and then it was boring the next month Yes, terrible. Yes, just it's it's not a fun watch No, it's not a fun rewatch and you know what it bothered me that people tried to rocky horrify it Yeah in theater because I saw it once in theaters and it really bugged me like you got the rocky or part of it Yeah, you can't just make this that's right the rock rocky horror is a unique thing You can't just say I will do that with this Well then again, I mean the person who invented Elvis or invented rock and roll. Yes He invented rock and roll then suddenly everyone started copying it and now we have a bird, you know wonderful Scott.

Yes Scott What's that he did not invent rock and roll? Certainly he did Elvis Presley I can't think of a single person Elvis and Iraq before it is our Presley the brother of Jesse Garren Presley that guy who's dead at Graceland Yeah, he did not invent it He is he is the room to Little Richards rocky horror picture show Little Richard and the Rocky Horror Picture show have a lot in common now that I think I would love to have seen him started They're there their similarities are greater than their differences. That's right the little V Is is eating up little Richard rather than?

Rocky Horror Picture show is that what you know V you know the greater than and less than thing the way I learned it in school was That imagine it's like Pac-Man or a or a monster. Yes, and it's eating the big thing. Mm-hmm. Does that make sense?

Yes, it does Okay, very good. Yes. Is that how you remember it? Yeah, remember my teacher once asked me How do you how do you tell the difference between?

Lowercase D's and B's none of your classmates can and I said I don't know that one's a D and that one's a B You're being a D and calling me a B D and a B So get out of here you dick bitch Ever thoughts to dick bitches The immortal bird By the way, I am Scott Ockerman. This is the best of comedy bang bang part one of 2020 And we are outside to a Paul F. Yes. Hi. Oh Jesus Christ I mentioned your name you reach back into the midst of time.

I never said that we were outside You know not that part you read you reset that is the best of 2020 before you even introduced me Guys All right, that's good with the new thing for 2021 that is gonna be the new thing I do want to well I want to set the scene and tell you what is going on. This is the every year with Marvin Gaye. We play Oh mercy mercy me the ecology I tell you what a beautiful song and then for it to be about the ecology Mmm turns out it was important. Yeah, it's important, but I remember what I heard it I was like we should have listened to that song. It should be a love song. It should be to the ecology And what like I've never seen such a boner drop of a parenthetical like mercy mercy me That's such such passion filled like what a relation to what an angsty you know romantic relationship and then it's like no No, no the ecology wait So it's mercy mercy me parentheses the ecology. Yeah and parentheses. Is that song not called what's going on?

There are two different songs. Do you think all songs are the same aren't they?

Let me let me sing. I like song. Let me sing one word sure happy birthday to you happy birthday I thought that was what's going on wait doesn't he say Mercy mercy goes this way. Oh mercy mercy me Well, no, no, no, no, no, they used to be yeah, which sounds like it should be about like a one You know oh no you and I broke up and we need to get back together This is this is fucking with my head. Okay. All right, so how is what's going on go? And don't do the course? Don't do the course. Okay, it goes I've been really dry that's saying no. That's not what's going on. Let's let's get it on. Oh, you're right What's going on is No way it is isn't it wait? Oh, no, that is what let's get it on. What is what's going on? What's going on?

What's going on? What's going on? What's going on? Yeah, that's the chorus on the song doesn't start what's going on Do I need to find this on the Internet? I think you do otherwise we're gonna have unfinished business I'll finish business. Um, and then we'll be like ghosts I was perhaps not quite prepared to play clips on the Internet But talk for a second while I look for this I like I'm very prepared to play clips on the Internet And it's weird that Scott's doing it because I'm over here You cannot even imagine the setup that I have on my side of the patio. Okay, here we go. I'm going to Press. Oh no, I can't do it. I can't I you can't do it. I can't after the fact Record a clip but I can put the computer or my phone up to the mic Put your phone up to the mic put your phone up to the mic put your phone up to the mic put your phone up to the mic Put your phone up to the mic. All right. Here we go. By the way You know him from no you shut up. You know him from That show where she's tattooed fantasy island You know him from his own podcast the neighborhood listen the Star Trek directive Star Trek the pod directive Star Trek the pod directive stay at homekins stay at homekins Freedom Paul freedom. That's right. That's one that we do together along with she who shall remain nameless Paul of Tomkins is here. Hi everybody. It's my pleasure to be here at the year end This is an ad before him. Oh, I was gonna say I don't remember this part December to remember Remember we are taping this in December and it is December when you're listening to this perhaps maybe you'll remember Okay, here we go I just want to ask the question. Oh good. You got some the weirdest version Ah 2019 all right. Let me find it differently Let me guys here's we we've really been slacking off. We got to make an official video for Marvin Gaze. What's going on?

Yeah, everybody's talking. Okay. This is from the this is from the album I believe Mother mother okay now I remember that's right. Okay. I Got to hear mercy mercy me now. Okay. Here we go. I think it just it doesn't start with mercy mercy me All things ain't what they used to be Too bad. No, not too big. Too bad or not too bad Now you can understand my confusion. Yeah, they sound identical Wow All things and what they used to be Good question mark question mark Whoa So But anyway, my point being like shouldn't that song be about love doesn't it make it a little more?

Shouldn't we love our planet? Oh Snaps Uh, Paul of Tomkins is here and we are we are outside We are in my backyard usually let me explain what you're listening to every year we count down the top choices from the listener votes of the episodes of comedy bang bang that occurred in occur in the previous year The listeners vote for them. Uh, we count them down from an indeterminate number And paul of tomkins and I uh paul of tomkins is a frequent guest and collaborator on this show collaborator. Uh, he uh, shaved my head He comes by and we uh listen to these clips and we count them down every year and uh normally we do this in the studio but uh due to um Circumstances occur in in the world this year. Uh, we needed to do it outside. We needed to do it socially distance We are about 20 feet away interesting. You didn't say circumstances beyond our control. Uh, I had nothing to do with this Now here's where I have a little confession to make okay I started COVID You you started it back in 2001. I am responsible for the novel coronavirus COVID-19 sure I didn't mean to do it But i'm also not ashamed of it And you're not sorry about it like it turned out. I'm not even sorry. Not sorry. I'm just not sorry By the way, paul if you ever need to move any of these umbrellas to give you more shade I I guess I set them up For the time that we were starting and the sun moves. I don't know if you know how the the earth Uh revolves around the sun. No, what?

Uh, great big ball of fire in the sky. You never see that.

It was gracious You created rocket roll Um in any case we are back in my backyard this year We gotta get back in yard 20 feet away from each other. We are uh, we have not touched Uh like we normally do before we start almost we're almost four scott ockerman's apart That's right. Well, that would be 32 feet would it not do you think i've got four?

I bet if I look i bet i'm I bet we're three away. We're like 20 feet. Oh because you're over six feet tall E oh how many would be four? Oh, yeah, it would be six times four is 24. Right?

Yeah, you're right. Okay, 24. Oh my mask goes away. So about 25. Yeah, we're about we're about three and a half of me maybe three Uh, and um this on this episode. We are going to be counting down Numbers 16 through 13 Can you fucking imagine?

We are going to be hearing four episodes on this and then why can I ask turp?

Why 16 is it is it to make it like equal?

Four over four episodes when i'm pulling the clip because four times four 16 Right when i'm pulling the clips. I Take a look at the whole show in general and figure out uh, what has a lot of variety Right in the clips and diversity hires and then No, no, no And then I uh, I also if if some episodes have really short clips I can fit more into Uh, the the countdown so I don't know how many we've done in the previous years But sometimes it's been 12 the episode really be that can the episode really be that good if the clip is short That's that's a good question, but sometimes a short clip is really all you need because that's the part everyone remembers then the rest of the episode is shit So how did it get in here now we're talking math skills I of course, uh, and our producer kevin Bartlett are the only ones who uh, and I guess july as well four times seven But you know 28. Yes, uh, our producer not producer july, but our collaborator july. What is your how do we figure?

I don't know. I've never known what he does and I never will know well he for years now a little Uh top of sometimes he's on an email thread sometimes he's not top of show shout out to july July for years now has listened to almost every episode that I think the entire network puts out And writes the descriptions that can comes up with the title. Yeah, he did it for the entire network for a while Maybe now he only does it for certain shows, but uh, he's uh, uh, uh, uh, definitely a Uh, I'm searching for a word a part of the show a Important part of the show. I was going to say we can't do it without him. What is that word that i'm searching for invaluable?

invaluable That word I tell you why make it oh these words Not a car it's not a pet word. Oh no, I do not remember that as I believe bob oden kirk's, uh, Oh imitation of george carl, oh thank god or maybe it was rick maryna's his imitation of george carl, uh, Either one rick rannas is so funny. He's so good. He was so funny Until that guy hit him and it's all gone. I don't like that that guy hit him. I know well. I guess we all get hit What do we like this turn all of us on camera events. Can you name a human being who has never hit Who's never been struck? Yes?

Man, I don't know. I mean some people are liars. That's true So they're what they're lying about being hit or they're lying about it. Oh, they should oh, okay I'm using process or okay, so you're thinking of all the people who should get hit. Yeah, okay, uh rich expense or That's right.

Famously man those videos of him were the uh phil collin song blades. I so fun. It was so good Do do do do do do boom boom. I would love to see those, you know those kids who listened to songs They've never heard before I would love the the one time the first time they ever listened to in the air tonight It was attached to that video. I think it would be great Because they would get a double treat. Did you ever see the one somebody?

Uh Did it they said the music to Um this deer that is stumbling through a backyard playground No, it's because the noises that the deer makes tripping over this plastic stuff sounds Very close to that that drum breakdown. Oh, they use the air tonight. Yeah, so they use the actual In the air tonight up until the drum break and then it's this deer I've seen other videos like that like the deer when you're saying where they use the drum break In the air tonight where it's like it works every time one of the best I haven't drum breaks of all time one of the best DBs of 18 Well, of course, well, this isn't a break it starts the song, but of course b might uh little baby Has one of the most famous drum openings of all time Doong doong doong doong doong doo believe you're thinking of sexual healing That now that song should have been about the ecology Like if you're gonna pick a song to be about the ecology sexual. Oh sexual healing. Yeah Like if we all have sex we'll heal here Because that way we're not driving around in our cars unless you're getting a little roadhead Like night moves Does he talk about roadhead try to make the front page driving news?

You think that's the only thing that could happen to put you on the front page of the driving news They're fucking in a car. Come on. They go to the drive in and they fucking the car Sure, but I mean look at the cuz scala don't be no you so every single day when the when the driving news comes out The front page is someone fucked in a car X-rags, bro fuckers caught Who would have to be caught for it? Otherwise there's no evidence that sounds news all news is somebody being caught So the people who get away with it. Yes, they're not news.

They don't want to end up in the headlines. No, I understand. Yeah uh, so we're gonna be listening to 16 through 13 Today and about we you got a mouse in your pocket And then uh on thursday part two will come out and that will be 12 Through nine and then uh a week from today monday We will hear eight through five and then a week from thursday on new yer Z if we will hear the top four And these are all voted on by you the listeners and This was a great year. We have some great clips. You are going to want to stick around and listen to all of these Inordinately long episodes. Here's what I like is that everyone gets to vote And then scott picks the ones that he thinks are best Come on that only happened once And there was one year where you got in there and started gaining the system and started uh, not only voting for yourself I almost did it again this year really what before we even get to any of these clips Do you remember what one of your favorite episodes to perform in was this year?

Oh jesus But what would you have asked uh people to vote for if you can if if you would have voted uh yourself into this Count man. I honestly don't this was so seer has been a blur has a new year's been a blur amazingly though uh this has been And there were a lot of challenges this year and we'll talk about those a little later, but uh, this we will talk about the challenges We this has been one of we'll talk about the road rules challenge. This is going to be the reality show We will not talk about the real world. We will eventually turn into hollywood handbook The reality show show But uh, this has been one of the comedically, I think one of the better years for comedy bang bang It's been uh, you disagree even though they're interesting.

I don't know why you're here hahaha Even though there have been a lot of challenges, uh, this has been a Listening back to all of the clips as I was compiling them uh, this is uh a lot of good stuff this year and a lot of stuff that was not voted in that was really good and uh Things in episodes that we don't even have great stuff in episodes that we don't even have time to listen to the clips for So uh, this this is a really good year and I think people are really going to enjoy it and uh And paul if you had to guess out of the top 16, how many episodes do you think you are featured in 12?

You're so comfortable. Honestly, I don't remember how many episodes I even did this year. I Don't either. I feel like in normal times. I would average like one a month. Yeah one a month So you'd be in about 12 including our tours, uh, not include not including our tours not including those because That wouldn't be included of course Um, but yeah, you're in about I think you did about Between 10 and 12 this year. Really? Yeah, I think you did.

Yeah, I should look but uh during one of the breaks I'll take a look and see how many that you were actually in and how many you ended up in and we'll see what your uh hits to miss is ratio is Misses. I mean mr. To miss it He dicks to bitches All right dick bitch you ready to do this? Yeah dick bitch All right. We are going to start the countdown now and this is uh final episode This is final. This is my final answer. We're going to start Uh, this is the episode that you voted on your votes. This is your episode you did it I cannot be blamed for this. This is your episode number 16 Number one six All right episode 16 Uh, this is episode What I usually do is I usually say the number and I say the date and try to see if paulkin Remember what it is in this year. You never can never can this year. It'll be impossible because you don't even remember doing this She's all one long date. It was me sitting in that same chair Looking at my computer screen. Who did again? That was 2020 then again in other years. We're sitting in Just the studio doing the same thing. So true, but not always same seats. Yep, that's true Uh, this is episode 672 Uh, yes, 672 and this occurred on September 7th AKA labor day Okay, no idea from paul and this is an episode called busy Burgies There we go busy burgies and paul would it surprise you to know that you are in this episode?

Scott it would not surprise me because that title does ring more than a bell Well as we established last week a bell is just a cup until it struck Uh, and uh, i'm glad that you're drinking out of this uh cup because this was a horrible This uh, this episode features the performers first of all we have a cup is just a bell until it's turned upside down That do you like it?

Wait, you couldn't just turn a regular cup Into a bell just by turning it upside down because you can't hit like a plastic cup and have it be a bell It's a cup It's a cup until you hit it always a cup till you hit it then it's a bell It can't be a bell because it will not have a like a dinging sound exactly I don't think you're making the point that you think no that expression is ridiculous A bell is just a cup until it struck a cup is just a what is it a bell is just a cup until it struck Yeah, that's ridiculous. It's not ridiculous. No one's drinking out of a goddamn bell How do you know well, I might start it has a stem it does it has a It's actually if you take out that little dongle dinger in the center. What is the clapper?

If you take out the clap off clap off clap off clap off the clapper Ah such a good commercial. Remember when we used to talk about commercials on this show?

We talked about commercials a lot until People started here's what I think that you could turn a bell upside down And if you were drinking something that's not clear like the chocolate milk sure or wine Um, I like how chocolate milk is the first drink that you can think well. Here's why Because then the clapper slowly reveals itself. It's fun Like a child Almost like an olive in a martini you're trying to get down to you like you're you can see the all Sure, but I guess what I mean is is that you're just enduring the martini until you can finally eat that olive Well, I'm not gonna eat that clapper. It's gonna break my teeth off. What about the worm and tequila? What about it?

Did you ever see the movie urban cowboy?

You know what I just bought it uh because they put out a new restoration of it because I'd never seen it and uh, I was I saw that you did a uh watch along. Yes, my wife, jane and I I don't think the first time I watched it. I want to put on the watch along. No, you shouldn't although We watched it for the first time doing watch along I guess but it would be kind of then I thought about it would be just like going over to your house and Doesn't that sound fun? It does sound fun. Yeah, I haven't been to your house in uh over a year at this point I know now I've turned you around on it, but in the movie, uh, just this is a spoiler. Do you?

Uh, I mean, is it a plot spoiler or it's is it one of the best parts No, okay. Go ahead. Uh, scot glen. Oh, eats a tequila worm.

Whoa What a spoiler. I wish I didn't know that Wait, he just like takes it out of the tequila. That's not a plate Like he's christmas carol. He slices it real then What did I eat in a mikki's christmas carol? I think a bean.

I think i've been yeah, i've never seen it But I feel like i've seen a clip of it. You've never seen it. I've never seen it. I used to watch that every year Uh around this right around this time of year mikki's christmas carol. Yeah, I used to watch that every year in march Um This episode number 16 of course busy burgies has uh the performers busy phillips Uh our old friend from uh, you've worked with her for many years in uh thrilling adventure hour. That's correct You know her from uh, she was formerly on freaks and geeks and dawson's creek and kugerten And frequent spontaneous guests very first guest and very last guest we have and uh apparently there was a lot of unresolved issues Between us that we settled on The episode of uh, are you talking talking heads to my talking head which came out last week So apparently I said something to her backstage at a thrilling adventure that she Uh took offense to interesting not offense necessarily, but she I heard her feelings. Hey, I think it insulted her I was apologizing and during the break of our the episode that we taped i was also apologizing and uh, I think she she brought it up in order to highlight how uh Just like insecurities back in those days of like anything anyone could say to you would sort of set you off into a like Wait, where's my place in?

Because basically what it was was uh, I was doing uh the The interstitials on ifc that they gave me in order to test me out to see if I could get a I could host a talk. You were on the list. That's right.

And uh, I was mentioning That picture from that shoot really hanging in my home of you and I strangling each other. Oh, yes Yes, I remember that. Yes, I were smiling big smiles on our faces strangling each other, right?

uh And and I think I was mentioning those to her of she asked what I was up to and I mentioned Oh, yeah Well, I'm doing these for IFC and we're having a lot of the stars from uh, uh shows that they That they have incindication on there like shows like, you know, larry sander show and freaks and geeks and she was like Well, I was on freaks and geeks. Why aren't you talking to me about on it?

And I think what in my memory I now realized that I At the time I had to watch so many episodes of television in order to Because I hadn't I'd never seen freaks and geeks. I'd never seen larry's uh, all of the larry sander show I had to watch all of them in about three weeks straight jesus in order to prep for this. I remember we went to I say this no you didn't I know That was a but I didn't know I didn't know anything about freaks and geeks I never watched any of them and so and I believe jud and paul phi were both on and seth rogan Yeah, and so I I I think during the break busy and I what I established was busy I think when I brought that up. I didn't even know you were on freaks and geeks And I haven't even watched it yet Right and I and then I felt bad and started saying like oh no Yeah, we'll get you on or and she she was like, but wait shouldn't I be on anyway?

So that and she she brought it up on the show Uh this last week why didn't she bring it up on this episode busy burgies? I don't know I think maybe maybe we did this episode busy burgies which came out in september and we just taped this Talking heads episode at the end of november I believe and maybe she'd been thinking about it because that brought it up in her mind ever since I see In any case we hashed it out. We're the best of friends again and uh, I'm glad that has been restored We're best friends now best friends who just got each other's emails And uh in any case. Yes, she was on the show. Was she promoting something? I don't recall Well, she's got a new pod relative new podcast. Yes. Yes.

She was promoting the podcast So, uh, she's doing her best. Yes, so she was on to promote uh her podcast and uh, we also have uh, Ego wodom is on the show who yes people will know from saturday night live they should She is currently on the cast and just uh scored big a week ago with her uh, dion work talk show Uh, very funny sketch uh, and uh the clip so she is she is playing okay. By the way, this is the only These are the only episodes if you listen to comedy bane being just on any normal week Uh, you will not hear the behind the scenes Aspects no you're forbidden. It's none of your business.

That's right We want you to just remain confused as you listen to it, but what happens on the show is uh, I usually talk to Uh, uh, uh, one person one or two people as themselves, which in this case would be busy phillips, correct She is uh herself a celebrity and we're talking about her projects correct and then we have Other guests who come on who are comedians who are playing fake people So, uh every episode and we don't talk about this when you listen to the show Uh, we just introduced these people as the people that they're playing and uh, then during the plugs they usually Mention their own name and what they're plugging but during the show, uh, so this this leads to a lot of people thinking a little bit of subterfuge This leads to a lot of people thinking that we actually have these, uh, weirdos are real people and that they're on the show Sometimes in a lot of cases, paul you've played celebrities that exist. Uh, you've played Uh, uh, uh, the one that i'm thinking of is vernar hersag who a lot of people thought vernar hersag is funny He's on comedy bane bang every week And uh, that was you of course doing it. It was me the whole time The whole time? Yes, uh, there was one episode where it was vernar hersag Yes, we don't want to say which one that was you'll never see if you can pick it up. He was doing your impression of him. Yeah, that's right. You did a great job So in any case in this episode eggo is playing, uh, the ceo of red lobster trisha sea water Correct, uh, which she said was a name, uh, thought up by carl tart. Uh, she told us during the break Um, and uh, you'll hear her and busy chime in during this clip Uh, but the two people that uh, uh are going to be prominently featured in this clip are yourself paul of tomkins and dan lipert Yes Now do you remember what happened in this show? Yes, I do Uh, and should I give the the backstory? Yes all the backstory Um, I I can start if you want And then and because I think I have even further backstory if you if you like let me let me tell it from what I know Okay I do an episode of this show comedy bang back Sure. Do you want to talk about exactly what it is and how there's fake people? Yes, uh, what it is is there's a real celebrity then Somebody a comedian playing a fake person and there's credits at the end where they say Uh, thank you to our our guest celebrity and so and so as the fake person. I know we don't do that actually And I'm the star and uh, oh, that's also not I mean someone so here's the thing I do this episode and I I am trying to think of a character to do And I think oh I could do The brother I could do a relative of one of my existing characters You used to or maybe still do You used to do an impression of uh sully sullenberger captain Chesley sully sullenberger the hero of the hudson and and why did you want famous airline pilot?

The brother was it because you're trying to phase out doing real people in in your impression?

Yeah, I was like how everyone I do an impression of is elderly And they end up passing away And you can't do it anymore. So what if Uh, what if I were to do an impression of so just make up somebody and have it be adjacent You know that could be kind of fun and I saw zucas I beg your pardon. I said adjacent men zucas adjacent men zucas if I did uh You know, I so if i'm doing sully, what if I do his brother and there's a rivalry there and he's the opposite of sully He has a different nickname that's related to his name Um, he has a different occupation, you know all this but he sounds basically the same Well, though he did try to pitch it a little higher Than the sully voice that I do but i'm sure it it like within seconds and drop right it probably dropped right down And so we do it and it's a lot of fun And then immediately afterwards I get I get not immediately but well after the episode drops Uh, no, no actually it was uh, let me so let me cut in Uh, and okay tell you about the tell me what I heard about tell me of of my backstory Uh, so A lot of times I don't listen to the episodes back now that has not been the case Uh, since we've started here in quarantine because Now I need to listen to all of the episodes back in order to because doing the show on zoom is inherently a little awkward sometimes and so I need to listen back to cut out like any weird awkwardness like every once in a while There will be one performer who is hearing everything five seconds after Because their internet is slower and so we need to like sort of work out That and kevin our producer kevin has been uh, really good about that this year Uh, uh, cutting out all of the awkwardness before it gets to me but um A lot of times before the pandemic started I wouldn't listen to the episodes back They would just drop and I would immediately forget them as soon as we Uh finished the actual episode. Mm-hmm. So About a little over a year ago or maybe a year ago right now Uh, the comedian dan lippert who is in the um, he's a good Improviser and comedian on his own, but he's also part of the uh, he's great when he's with big grande He came on the show And he did a character, uh called, uh, Berge solenberger who was a bus driver Who crashed into a bunch of people or something like that.

I can't recall He did it. It was very funny, but I of course forgot about it immediately So when you came on the show and you pitched hey, I want to do, uh, Berge solenberger a bus driver I thought oh, that's a funny idea now people have to know we we have to pitch to scott What our ideas are don't know when I say pitch You just told me how to be introduced There's a lengthy audition process It's like a chorus line where i'm in the back. I like michael douglas. That's right. Um, dance 10 looks three How are your tits and ass by the way, not great So we did the episode and I did not remember down doing the previous episode And so I totally forgot about it And we did it probably on a tuesday before it was going to come out the next monday And then uh the afra mentioned july Who listens to all of the episodes back?

And retains a lot of knowledge about the previous episodes He on sunday usually the episodes are dropped at 9 p.m But they need to be uploaded at 5 right At right I get a text from kevin saying by the way july wanted to mention that dan lipord also did bergie solenberger on the show About six months earlier And I said oh no Uh, and there and it literally was dropping in 15 minutes and there was nothing to do about it And I texted you sunday night was like hey man Uh that character you did I guess dan lipord did it as well and you wrote oh no Can we cancel the episode or something like that?

I think that you I think you were saying maybe we shouldn't put it out and I was like no It's like you know the the deadline is like in five minutes And then uh, we wrote to dan with you as well on a on an email thread where You apologized and and said how it happened and dan thought it was really funny And we thought that the only thing really to do was to do an episode where both bergies came together Uh, and we're on may I may I just say this?

I had listened to that episode right that dan did I definitely have listened to it right and I also completely forgot Right that he did that and he was we were not saying that both of us forgot because he was not memorable No, it was very funny. It's just when you listen to so much stuff or when you perform so much stuff You can immediately forget it so was there some sort of Un or subconscious plagiarism going on do you think or was it because it's really easy to get to maybe Sullenberger. Yeah, absolutely from where you're from where you started. Yes. I I there there may have been but it seems weird that it would be so Law that That it would be so long afterwards Right. Do you know what I mean? Like that's what's so strange about it That's this is where I think it was just purely parallel thought is like you got to it from wanting to do Your sully sullenberger character. Yes, but without doing the real guy. Yes And the first it's just so the the awesome coincidence of it is is that you both came up with the name bergie Taking the other driver and bus driver taking the other half of his name, which is so easy to do Uh But you both came up with it. It's so funny. So I don't think it was plagiarism. I just think no I don't think it was plagiarism either I mean, I'm I don't think it was conscious plagiarism I think it was a george Harrison my sweet lord. Yes, that's what I think too that I was trying I was trying to Right my sweet lord. I was trying to write my sweet lord and I accidentally wrote he's so fine Um and now they're both mad at me Um, yeah, I was trying to come at this from a different angle. I ended up doing somebody else's angle Right, but it does but it's also the first thought angle when you're trying to do a sully I feel like those two things are very Once you once you arrive at sibling rivalry, right like okay. Sully's got a brother Who's jasmine like and what's what's like the opposite of everything?

And it's like I love the idea though that bus driver is definitely the opposite of air life I Well, the first episode that dan did was funny. Uh, you should go back and listen to that the first episode that paul did was funny You should go back to listen to that, but this is the one where the two bergies come together Uh, this is busy bergies. This is your episode 16 While we need to get to our next guest. He is a bus driver and oh he's been on the show before he was on uh, about a month ago Very interesting guy. Please. Welcome back to the show charlie bergie solenberger Scott. Thank you for having me back so soon. I appreciate it My pleasure. It's so good to see you. It's good to see you as well. Uh, I apologize if uh, our last Meeting was a bit contentious. It was I know that I was accused many times of getting quite heated and yet My voice remains the same Uh the entire time so I don't know how people are able to determine that I'm getting heated it wasn't necessarily the Volume of your voice as much as the word choice that you are using this is again the terrible species argument that was used the first time See terrible and species those are two words that popped out. Well, it's just it's just an argument like you are getting heated I'm I'm not getting heated as you can see Tona my voice is not changed. It's not Saying nothing to do with the tona I mean if I were getting heated, I think the tona my voice would change and I think only a Moron would say that I was getting heated if they were listening to the the tone of words like moron Just a stupid idiot Would accuse me if any of the voices is raising I don't I don't think that is You have been on this show for 60 seconds and already you're starting your shit I'm not starting any shit. I think uh only a stupid person would accuse me of doing so because the tone of my voice has not changed Visitor you hearing this this is this is one of this is a problem I had with our guests last time I mean it doesn't sound like his voice tone is changing to me at all Thank you very much Why is no one on my side on this show?

Please go back to reading your magazine. There is there is no There is no change in my voice. I am not getting heated Is that a colloquialism? I don't know please go back to reading your magazine It is it is it's a thing we say in the bus driving trade Also, you are a bus driver. I'm no I'm a bus pilot Okay, because last time you were on the show about a month ago And we found out you consider yourself to be a pilot. I don't consider myself to be a pilot I am a pilot. I have a class j license to prove it I am a bus pilot. Hey scott. Sorry. I'm like a scott. How's it going?

Hi Hey scott, it's but it's burgy. Sorry. I'm late. I just having trouble with the zoom. I'm sorry. Your name is also burgy Yeah, I'm burgy solven burger. Sir. I don't believe bang bang wait a miss is This is crazy My name is burgy solen burger. You're right. Yeah, okay.

Wait a minute I'm sorry. Let me let me unpack this for a second I put out A request for my my uh a booking person to get burgy solen burger on the show because you were on a month ago burgy And here I am. Yes. No, I was on in november That yeah, I sort of remember that now you were on the podcast in november with mietra d'hari jolkin booster and a uh tofer the boogie border Right. Yeah, I remember I don't know why I didn't remember that when you were on the show a month ago But you your name is burgy solen burger and you are also the yes my name is burgy solen burger No, I'm talking to this burgy over here. You are also the brother to sully sullen burger No, I'm the brother to sullen Okay, you know, I don't want to jump I don't want to get anything here with these two two people But one of them sounds like a narc Um, which one which one?

One of them does sound yeah, I would say like a narc I would say the the first one who was talking sounds like an absolute not yeah, he's he's got a nark Kind of I don't know why you would accuse me sound like a narc the tone of my voice has not changed the entire It's nothing to do with a tone of your voice It's your word and maybe it is the tone of your voice because that flat de-escalation voice that most cops use That's the one you're using yes cops are very skilled at de-escalation and uh, they are Constantly using those flat voices all the time Video after video cops calmly de-escalating a situation Well, hold on hold on. Okay. Here's the situation I am now remembering that that burgy number two the second burgundy to come on you were on the show november November November And then I forgot you were on And then burgy number one you were on about a month ago and I didn't remember the I didn't remember earth to burgy Although I don't know why he would get earth to burgy and you would get burgy prime when you're the second one to appear I mean, this is a lot like I guess the flash of earth one appearing after golden age flash and he's relegated to earth too Anyway, we're getting in the weeds about this, but um I want to discuss the speed force Scott I I I don't know what's going on here. This gentleman He calls himself by my name. We we don't look anything alike. He claims to be I think we could agree we do look exactly the same so there's something going on. We cannot agree. I'm very tall I mean, I don't know if you can tell look at me, but I'm probably about your height I mean, we're in different rooms right now, but yeah, we've got the same chisel jaw I don't I don't know what you're seeing I look I look remarkably like my brother sully sully solenberger my brother I look you was telling the truth here. I know look you both claimed to be the brother of of hero pilot Plain pilot. I guess I should distinguish sully solenberger who Not a hero who on that fateful day landed on the hudson saving all those souls on yes he he staged he staged an accident he threw a dead goose into a into an engine and Forced a water landing so he could look like a hero. He'd been planning it since we were kids I know what's happening here scott. I know exactly what's happening here What's happening? Please explain to me because I have no clue space time rift. It's a space time rift Things have been a little odd for me the past few months uh, I Going to be honest. I tried to bring back um some dead people with a time machine Oh, no, who let me ask you the other burgy Were they souls that were lost on a bus In a bus crash. Yes, it was the 81 souls I lost when I drove a bus into the hudson river while watching the movie sully Oh, that's right. I forgot that about your first appearance Every bus driver knows that there is a risk of a rift in the space time continuum We've all lost souls, but we wait every bus pilot has had someone die on board Every bus pilot has had would feel safe going on a bus anymore if that were the case Well, i'm sorry to tell you Scott you're rich. Please. I went on a subway back in march That's not a bus Scott It's a bus under the ground subway is it that's absolutely it's a train under the ground And I went to a subway sandwich shop Are you probably in 20?

Talking about subways because Scott was looking for Jared.

He was trying to get Jared's autograph. Okay I forgot that you were a jared I do see scott and he always has a huge pair of pants in his trunk in case he runs into Jared That's right So he can see if it's the real jared Pants It's a dual purpose Well, okay, so you try you you you just hold on a second.

Sorry. Sorry The tone of my voice has not changed I want you to understand and this is something that I'm sure other burgy can attest to and we'll figure out who we are Every bus you've written on Someone has died on that bus. Wow haunted bus Well, they're not haunted. It's just that people die on them So you don't think the souls who were lost stick around on these buses No, you're thinking of a ghost bus, which is much like the flying Dutchman. There is a There is a ghost bus Who travels cross country?

Is that one that only appears at certain times of you know of the monster? That's exactly right?

That's exact certain times of the month And that's so bus pilots often say well that time of the month again Oh such a funny clip the busy burgies it was really funny.

That was fun to do In fact, I would almost say you both should come back Together as a team can I tell you we almost did that for the the most recent holiday up Okay, but we were so far apart in the lineup and then I had to go because laurin lapis and I had her improv show that night Okay, um and so we could not do what did I don't know what Dan ended up doing Dan ended up doing what did he do?

Again this is one. I have not listened back to yet and I've totally forgotten it But he did something really funny. Yeah, and uh, I don't recall what it is That was an interesting one in that because of the the nature of doing it over zoom Um a lot of people left after the the first half of the break which actually made it more controllable It had to have been It was almost like doing two separate episodes in a way Yeah Because a bunch of you left Halfway through and then a bunch of different people came in as opposed to the year before where everyone stayed the entire time. Yeah Uh, which on zoom is really tough to do all right. We need to take a break When we come back though, we will have episode 15 and this is really exciting paul any guesses I think this is going to be one for the books. It certainly is all right when those books come back We will have episode 15. We'll be right back with more of the best of comedy bang bang 20 Do what he after this Comedy bang bang we are back best of 2020 part one And paul f tomkins is here with me and we are in the back books our back, baby Paul adjusted the umbrella Uh during the break. I had to adjust the ombrella and now he is completely in the shade other than Uh his haunches. I've got it made in the shade my hunch.

Are you?

Sunshine um And uh, we're in the backyard There's no other way around it. You know what I mean? I mean, uh, you know what I mean by backyard All the the neighbor. I I will say that when we were here uh last time because we tape uh our uh other podcast freedom here Uh, there were people watching us from that house. No, really? And uh, I kept getting distracted by it But uh, but you didn't tell us because you didn't want us to be distracted exactly. Yes, but you also didn't want to chase them away That's right. But never not funny. So Uh, uh, because uh, when they tape Uh, there's a podcast never not funny great podcast with jimmy parto He still used tape and uh When they were taping in their parking lot, there's a uh, uh, uh apartment building that overlooks the parking lot that there was a fan I guess who was was watching them from from his porch or his patio Anyway, but do you think those people watching us were fans?

No, I think they were neighbors wondering what the fuck is going on It was a mystery. Why people are trapped? It's And uh 2020 we're doing it. We're uh, uh Getting through it. Are we not we're doing it and we're getting through it And right now there is uh some sort of uh, I don't know whether it's a single engine plane above us or uh, I don't think it's a helicopter Can you see uh, it's a little plane? It's a little plane Speaking of tattoo The plane the plane The plane What were the what was the audition process like?

Was it people doing that? I wonder just you know, thank her vay got the offer Well, what did you think like billy bardy was in there?

Was it well, that's the question. Was it always a little person or was it just like?

I know I'm not what do you add in mind for this?

But just let me read and then you make a revision all I have for is a chance That's not bad. Thank you Um, not good either, but uh, man. What the fudge?

You don't do any impressions and then you I do impressions.

Oh around the house. Name it. Name it You got living room balls That's from mr. Saturday. Oh, it is Uh billy christal yells at his brother david pamer Oh boy, you got living room balls? Yeah, because he's afraid to go out and you know on the stage But he's gonna critique mr. Saturday night mr. Saturday night himself The only thing I remember from that movie is uh, I remember him constantly saying see what I did there And then I remember the year it came out. It didn't get nominated for anything But billy christal was hosting the oscars and in his big pre Uh, I remember this in his song in his song medley Uh, he suddenly went where he sings the titles of all the the movies that got nominated He threw a mr. Saturday nights and everyone applauded like yeah, you should have gotten nominated for that or yeah, were you wearing you Here's what's so funny about that movie is that he did that character on s&l during that that strange Was it one season two seasons? It was one season Where it was christopher guest billy christal martin short harry shearer harry shearer pammo stevenson, of course jim ballucci jim ballucci as my my dad used to go blue ji um And rick rich hall rich hall. Yeah rich hall. Yeah doing uh, david bernell so wild um And sniglets and he did and sniglets and the rest and he used to do this up billy christal used to do this update character Which is an old cat skills comedian, right?

And it was like making fun of cat skills comedians, right?

And then he was like i'm gonna make a sincere movie about this character What so weird it's so strange It wasn't weird like it martin short was like ed grimley is a tragic figure and i'm gonna make a dramedy for Nathan about her I know that why do you think I wouldn't know that we see him like him going to law school And even therm famously based on a real person that that's right one of the wardrobe people right? Yes, that's right in that But the person who uh Told that story or something uh Got in trouble for it. I can't recall anyway. You can look that all up on the internet. He's told that story he's told that story and I think the person who There's something about the person who who let it slip that that was a real thing I can't remember exactly what it was but that person gets in trouble anytime anyone tells that story And when martin short's book came out martin short's book a really good book Uh, you can read uh he'd tell that story and the person got in trouble again But martin short never gets in trouble No martin short blameless He has guys in trouble just for saying that's based on you something like that At a christmas. I can't remember the I can't remember the thing, but I think I I think maybe i've met that guy anyway in any case We are counting down the top 16 episodes this year of 2020 we already heard number 16 And uh, we're out to hear number 15, which is really exciting. We're out to hear it We're out to you know I said about it. Oh, did you just I I uh probably mumbled it But we're out here thick orange county accent Yeah, bro I am of course from orange county uh and paul is from Philadelphia p.a, which has been in the news recently what happened more bad things?

No, just I mean over the past. Oh, yes. Okay. Yes. Okay.

That guy under the microscope. You scared me for a second.

Um, Do you think there was like another 9-11 style thing that might have happened this morning? I didn't think while you were driving here They quite on those they blew up the line belt on that scale The liberty college feeling last night Um to liberty cup until it was broken that it's cracked Uh, all right. Well, let's let's uh, all right terry no further. Let's get to it. This is your episode 15 All right episode 15 don't you remember a beautiful plan to get all of our singing compadres together to record Jingles for this Did we did we talk about that last year? We did I don't maybe two years ago. I don't remember how we got to do that We're like, yeah, there's a there's a bunch of us that can sing. What if we all got no well?

Yeah, because I've been using these ones. I I downloaded off the internet 12 years ago. Yeah, that only went up to So wait, how far how what would we go up to a hundred? I think just to cover No, no, it's gonna no, it's gonna do that But if we went up to if we went up to 20 I think that would be great. Okay, and you know what? We could do it over zoom We could we could we could keep keep passing it off Somebody starts and then they forward the track and then they add their vocal to it How would they do it because you know, there there's companies that do it We've talked about this before we could be that company you you could would hire this company to to Sing jingles for your radio station. I don't know how much you would pay them, but it would be like kfi 640 blah blah blah But I wonder how much it costs and and what the process would be for doing all of these like do they have a tune that they already go back home It literally looks like the same plane flying back the other way But when they have a tune that they already knew that they would just swap in the details for or where they come up with a new song every Single thing I think because those things all sound kind of the same. I think if you go to that company They have a way of doing it, right?

And it's just like and how many parts is it like how many how many parts would we have to do is it like three parts probably?

number So it's like number one and then the other part is like number one or something. Yeah, I don't know Uh, we figured out we can do it. We'll figure it out. We can do as many as five five part harmony. That's right We'll do it. We'll do it. We'll definitely do it whenever that will be the first thing we do with the vaccine is administered into our arms But I'm saying we could do it now That's true, you know safely safely and soundly and it would be a fun project Do they put the vaccine in your arm? Do you know or is it your butt?

I think it's both really yeah Are you sure that it's the second one where they do something to your buddies?

Just the doctor being a weirdo. No, no, no, no, because I've every doctor I've gone to um, they also spray something in your eyes You have to open them like, uh, I was gonna say catch 22 for somebody like catch 22 Unfilmeable as George Clooney found out. Um, all right twice unfilmeable. This is episode 646 and this is from Let me say this date and please maybe this will tell you what was going on. Thank you. This is from march 23rd Oh shit. So it's uh Close to a week after st. Patrick's day So everyone's feeling a certain way. Well, what happened thanks or uh, thanks St. Patrick's day this same Thanksgiving what happened in st. Patrick's day. Do you remember? Uh?

Yes, all the stuff that normally happens. It doesn't normally happens was canceled Why?

Because of the novel coronavirus that's right being that I created So this was uh put out march 23rd, but it was recorded on march 16th So people were mistakenly doing st. Patrick's day material that they should not have been doing But it was the very last day that I went anywhere Uh, the studio the earl studios was the very last place that I went to before uh suddenly Everyone started taking this shit serious. Yeah, I can't remember when tom hanks. What is the actual date tom hanks?

Uh came out and said that he had it. That was the turning point when people like well if he got it Well, I think some sports and every man some there was there was it was like a series of dominoes Sports were canceled and then like an hour later fat's domino got it Uh an hour later tom hanks said he had it and this all happened on one day Uh and uh, I don't Know what day it was but i'm looking it up but that but I remember that was because I remember we were talking about it It was march 17th So what st patrick's day?

Okay, so Literally we taped this on march 16th and we were sort of taking it seriously. I remember because uh shawn distan came in hot Of course he oh he always does but he came wearing plastic gloves Wow And because none of us knew how it was transmitted or how to get it so we were like I don't know do we send away? What do we do?

So he came in wearing gloves that disintegrated the entire show Uh And none of us really knew what was going on and then march the very next day march 17th tom hanks said that he had uh, coronavirus and We were all like, oh, I guess this is really serious. We all need to uh stay in our homes And so this was the very last thing I did so this has a uh a wonderful uh, uh, sort of uh Reminiscent quality to me of being the last time I ever was anywhere the last place I was before lockdown. Uh, huh LAX I was coming out. I was coming back from vancouver. Oh, that's right. Yeah. Yeah I remember you wondering if you should go to vancouver was that part of it?

Yes, I was like, should I well, this would probably be okay and then um, it got things got right things really, uh, Snowball very quickly that week, right?

And so when I got to vancouver, I was not shaking hands with people and people were like, oh, okay And then by the end it was like they were i was on a set and they were sterilizing pens because i'm on tracks Well, I um, i'm looking at my calendar. So on the 14th I had a meeting at like, uh, some restaurant That I was going with, uh, a friend of mine and uh, it was a business meeting. Yes, build on bill for jerk. Well, you bill for sure. Uh, and I said to everyone, hey, we need to do this over zoom on the 14th because we shouldn't be like going extra places And half of the participants were like, oh, come on. You're taking this too seriously And so they all went to the restaurant and my friend and I zoomed in to the restaurant. Yeah, so I already was being a little cautious Uh, but I know like a few days earlier. I was on the subway Like a cool up and I took the subway Yeah to downtown la which seems insane knowing what we know now about how it's transmitted In any case, this was uh, a march 16th and uh, this is an episode called ninja Nordstrom Now we know that shawn distance involves shawn distance is involved and he is playing sprig the whisperer Sure in this episode sprig the whisperer is a Okay, it was a character. He started out as pretty much like a a send up of those Those guys on game of thrones who are the advisors to the oh is that what it was He started as yeah Who are those characters? They're the they're like the guys who get those or whatever. Yeah, they get their balls chopped off and they're You know the one bald g- ball the eunuchs. Yeah the eunuch who's bald who gets bald eunuch So he started as one of those guys bald and debald An interesting conundrum and oxymoron perhaps um But uh, so he started out as that and then he I think even in his first appearance like segue into being an agent or a manager Actually in his first appearance And to where now he doesn't whisper anymore. I think he started whisper like he started that first episode Yes, he had a very stylized way of speaking and then it's just a vague english accent so and then uh uh, so so he's been on the show many times and Also on the show are lily Sullivan making her first appearance on the countdown who uh, oh an accountant. Yes on the countdown and uh, she plays uh, the mr. Nordstrom's assistant whose name I believe is Susie. Uh, and uh, then we also have making his first appearance on the show ever And unfortunately at this point the last uh due to uh, this being the last episode We did in the studio, uh, jacob wysocky who was very funny on this episode. He's very funny and he uh, did Uh Griff hedgley the diamond guy. He was really funny. I really enjoyed having him on the show and want to have him back Uh, but due to process that we'll talk about later or we've had to sort of contain and have less people on the show So, uh, the clip we're going to hear is Just though, uh, the first part of the episode when i'm talking to sprig the whisper and, um This is uh, we are Talking about a subject matter that seemed to pop up a lot Uh on the show This year i'll, uh, leave that, uh, for, uh, real heads no for the clip Um, but this is it. This is uh, uh, your episode 15 But, uh, yes, scott i'm pretty pissed because my announcement sort of got trump Like everything in hollywood got pushed a couple weeks So you got to push the announcement or are you gonna announce me?

I'm gonna make the announcement scott and i came here because i was looking for a director Sash writer What are you announcing then?

I'm writing that i've acquired the rights Oh, you've acquired some rights scott i have acquired the rights to the holy ninja grail scott Oh my god, what could this possibly be? Let me think, uh, the teenage scott Wait a minute, are they mutants?

They're mutants scott Do they happen to be turtles and scott of course They happen to be turtle teenage Turtles they're turtled They were turtled Is that part of the i've never read nor seedy The canon is they are turtles they are turtles from outer space yes Are they not from outer space now scott there's two sort of cannons in the turtle universe Okay, and one is that there's sort of they are they more of the ninja verse Oh good question Do they straddle just got the rights maybe i gotta read i gotta read a lot of this stuff, okay I gotta make sure but of course no better time when you were self-quarantining I'm sitting around self-quarantining now scott of course i've acquired the ninja rights Of course you have And it's a it's not the animated CGI rights not the michael bea bea of it all okay What kind of rights do you have i've got the live action turtle rights, baby Live actions is that akin to the movie back in the what was it the 80s or the 1991 scott ninja turtles one Highest grossing indie movie of all time Independent film i love it scott and we're going back to our roots this is an indy Yes, not indiana jones movie It's not an indy although if you could get the rights of ham Shit, you know i've tried ninja ninja ninja jones i've tried hard You tried hard Why why can't that be an alternate you never spin off why can't ninja ninja jones be like miles morales of the exactly He's got a general universe yes i'll work on a jones i've got time i'll work on it nothing but time i got nothing but time but my turtle's movie and pitch you know it's it's gone scott I don't know what to do with it. Yeah, this pitch is not perfect scott Here's the thing i need a writer You've got some time i do have i get you involved scott Where what are you looking for you're looking for someone to totally reinvigorate the franchise Let me walk you through the premise give you a sort of oh you already have a premise We have a hard premise scott we actually have a lot of scenes though Can you say a hard premise is that like a hard out or a hard no it's sort of like it's sort of like we're gonna do notes It's difficult we're gonna do rewrites but the premise the premise is never changing Oh hell those those are hard okay this premise is good as okay so here's the premise scarred hit me Opening scene you have an opening scene. Yes this transcends a premise. Yes into an opening scene I guess we have sort of the whole movie So maybe you can do punch up and direct that's something that's something yeah certainly we could do that Non-union of course now Yeah, it was over that in a second. Okay scott we're opening scene We're walking through the streets of 1992 New York City. We're walking. Who is this weird?

The camera the camera is walking when I say we the cameraman is walking a lot of the movies to the perspective of the cameraman This is POV really It's not the POV of his camera. No, it's his eyes You know, I guess I guess all movies are for the POV of the cameraman It can come between angles It's probably the POVs of several camera people The cameraman are always like the next you know, that was like the next character scott They all that's right I mean New York is like the fourth character and this one the New York is the first character New York is number one and camera people are number two one on the call sheets Scott. Wow. We're getting in a lot of trouble Sorry is opening scene where we the cameraman are walking through the streets of New York And of course Scott We see April O'Neill She's older now. This is someone from the uh, yes April O'Neill is there is their friend Yes, she's got a different. Let's see. Let's put this in terms. You might understand You're gonna have to explain friendship to me. Okay, so it's like they sort of hang out and they like they piece it together How are you gonna be okay? They saved her life multiple times. Is that what friends do?

I think so Mind injured world of course of course. So so we see April O'Neill big yellow jacket. She's walking down the street Just the other day. That's right. It's going wow So this is set one day in the in the past. It's it's no, it's one day in the future It's going wow just when just the other day. It's the day in the future Just the other day for well with the cameraman's perspective. He's in the future The cameraman's walking through the York. He's sort of remembering all this stuff happening Okay, so he's in the future, but he remembers it as just the other day meaning today. Mm-hmm. Okay, great. Scott.

You're getting it So all right. So we're walking in the street the ables walking through all of a sudden The the foot clan take over the streets of new Manhattan the foot clan the foot clan that shredders gangs Oh, okay shredder is who shredder is the bad guy for big journals. Okay. Is he a turtle?

Is he a turtle? No, he's a shredder. He's a shredder. Okay.

He looks like a cat opener. He's like a rat, isn't he?

No, that's splinter splinter. Okay. I'll keep you through the whole canon That's a big splinter. It's creepy like a dumb asshole who's never seen any of the teenagers. Okay. Okay, so in the first one They they're underground. There's like some for some reason there are four turtles that are wrapped in the sewers Here's my hanging out. Here's my impression of it. This is all like and all I've seen is the Oprah interview with them.

Yes, this is good Check that out if you have it. That's actually a pretty freaking great For some reason we were watching that on the bang bang television show trying to figure out how to parody and I don't know whether we were ever Successful, but here's my impression. Here's what I think happened in the movie Because I need to focus group this thing. Okay. Here's what I think happened in the movie at some point They pick up a manhole cover and they think it's a pizza and they try to eat it and their teeth break No, no scottnacks. That never happens? No, but you you you have okay. That is what I think happened in the movie So you were right you were right for like three words.

Right manhole cover. No. No, no, they pick up a Like forwards they pick up a pick up a some point something gets picked up Yes, but instead of manhole cover it's a canister of ooze scott ooze The secret of the ooze, of course Oh, I have heard of the secret of the ooze is ooze something that they use Ooze is something that they use they put the ooze in use they put the ooze in use Because they used it they put the ooze in use Exactly. Okay. Now scottnacks. This is in New York, right?

This is of course in New York of course It's the first character So the ooze of course turned them into turtles then they learned we turn them into turtles?

No, no, sorry that they turn these they turn these four like pet turtles which must have been flushed out of the toilet Separately and then separately so they weren't brothers. I don't think so. I think they all gathered at separate So there are four different children exactly who and these they're alive turtles or they're alive So so I don't want this this pet turtle anymore even though it's alive. I'm going to kill it by flushing it So four separate children do this They all gather in one place next to some ooze next to a little rat next to a little rat And the backstory of this rat is that the rat trained in Japan with a guy named erokusaki Okay, this all makes sense. Okay, so the rat sort of trained and this is separate from the ooze. Yes No, no, no umatoyoshi That's the guy you trade with erokusaki is splinter scott.

Oh, okay got it So they trained and then they got the ooze and then they became teenagers So they became teenagers not ninjas at this point. No and for some reason splinter became an old man Oh, okay, but they mutated they mutated and then takes care of the teenage and the mutant and then splinter Tom the turtles were ninja So he taught them how to be ninjas. So that's okay. So everything it would have been a simpler story if they mutated into ninjas as well Because then it would have you know This was an indie movie scott because they were really digging into the sort of carrot kick. You know, pretty good So he teaches them uh and then and then the film ends and then no the film starts Because then their turtles aprils there they save april big thing. They kill shredder right kill shredder Heal shredder so there's dead. So this is like manslaughter or murder or what is it?

It's pretty much murder kasey jones crushes The kind of kasey jones he fights people He got a kasey jones. He's i'm lost He fights people with hockey sticks and he like wears like a jason mask Is this kasey like kasey in the sunshine band like k dot c dot or is it kasey like c Freaking great. Hold on. Let me flip through the ip here You have a whole ip. I have the whole thing right here.

Hold on Okay, it looks like you are moving your hands like it's minority report by the way. It is sort of a visual. Okay.

It's a digital IP. Okay. Here we go Show me kasey jones enhance Bring closer show name All right, it's k dot c is k-dots. It's true with a dot after the sea. I hope as well. No, no It's just an open ended baby. I think that sea might be his middle name. Wow. Okay So anyways kasey jones all this shit is cannons Scott This is all cannons from the first film So now in the second one they learned the secret of the secret of the use the third one they time travel now. Okay, Scott We're walking to the street. April. Oh deal big yellow coat.

Okay. She's a big reporter She's a report. Oh, that was that's part of it. She's a reporter. Has she become a reporter?

She's always a reporter. She's always been a reporter great.

That's part of it She winks on the she's like i'd like to thank michael angino on well, you know, whatever Anyways, she's on TV on TV. She's like, when do we interview reporters now on TV?

She on msnbc or something being interviewed about the interest piece where she's like, I got beat up the other day And I was saved by just the other day and I was saved by rafaela some shit And she winks like she winks and then they'll like so I think yeah, you'd never see it I don't think I've ever seen a reporter wink You never see like vangi and say something on sean and be like, yeah, you know These black people need to get it together. They do winks I would think if you go to pay Jones do that. I would think that was some sort of secret code like I don't actually mean it You've got to pay attention scott van Jones dropping the winks nascar first of all, I haven't gone to the inciting incident Well, so far we're just walking down the street walking down the street aprilodio Merded it Why she's killed immediately by well the foot the foot that's the gang that works. Oh, oh, got it She's killed she's killed. Hey, bro. No, Neil's dead. What how do they kill her?

Well, it's sort of like a sword or something No, source. So she's disembowel. This is what you're gonna be writing. Oh, I see you got to figure out how she gets killed Okay, so maybe in the stomach her guts fall out I think so maybe like a you know like a cut down to something like a game of thrones Suddenly her her coat turns red Yeah, or I guess red plus yellow would be uh more of a lighter red maybe or green I don't know red plus yellow Orange baby. Yes, which is of course the color of Orange is a langelangelo Scott they all wear colors and stuff. It's fun color Remember iced tea cook colors is iced tea involved in this?

We gotta get him back on the show. I loved what he was old the show Did you really I did and I do remember people might have thought that that was not great People thought maybe iced tea shouldn't be on the show in this but how do you feel about me as a person who's I don't know pretty Pretty much an authority on all things iced tea. I think it's pretty cool. Okay I kind of like the voice. I thought you know, yeah Was it like it wasn't offensive anyways. Oh, so so anyways ne April O'Neill's dish She's dead. So you're expecting the four turtles gonna pop out, you know kill everybody Avenge yeah kind of like a then the real Avengers. Yeah, but then guess what Scott?

I I couldn't even presume to guess April O'Neill at her funeral only one turtle shows up what that's right Scott Did the invite get lost for Turtles this turtle is not wearing any colors. You can't tell which one it is And he's crying. He's crying. Is he mutated in teenage as well? Well, let alone a ninja. He's he's a teenager. So he's emo And he's mutated. So he's got like big traps. Oh wow and he could do a backflip But this is not one of the canonical turtles is his got but the mystery is we don't know which one one That's right. We can't tell them apart because they're wearing masks or the colors or what?

Well, they were originally all gray masks, but then they were like we can't tell these characters about we gotta give them colors the toy company of course Right, okay, so the turtles have similar faces. They do they look exactly alike. Okay, to be honest. They must be twins It's crazy. I'm not gonna say all turtles look alike because that's racist But I will I'm gonna say it. Okay. Thanks. So anyways, there's only one turtle and he's there man This kid is you know, Casey Jones. He's that the funeral he walks up to him. He says, hey, which one are you?

And his turtle he looks back at Casey Jones and he says, I'm no one the turtles are dead The turtles are dead, but he's a turtle and he's alive That's right. It's got in this world three of the four turtles are dead. So they died in between the last movie That's right. Wow. And here's the review. I guess that makes sense. Michelangelo is a party dude Okay, sure. He's fucking dead from heroin. Okay He fully oh, deed fully. Oh, deed. Well, here's the thing you find out splinter left. They were like the dad was soon as splinter left Oh, he's the glue. He's the glue. They're lost Michelangelo did the heroine donatello audio Rotic Fixation really yes. It's a doorknob or uh, it was a closet.

It was like a closet hanging thing Oh, okay, he was tied up to a thing and then uh Leonardo died of uh, testicular cancer Testicular cancer Easy being a vigilante didn't go to the doctor. Oh, you gotta get those checks To get your balls checked. That's a big part of the movie It's amazing to me that you can pay someone to feel your balls And they have to do it Is that Scott? That's pretty amazing When you think about it, it's illegal I want everyone to just take at home take a second think about this If you have balls if you don't if you're a woman or if you don't have balls imagine What it's like to have balls imagine it I'm sure they're around our upcoming guests Griff hedgely the guy He might have something to say about that He may walk around these two things between your legs. You're like, oh, they're balls here Sometimes they're not even between the legs. They're a little like a little front Sometimes you get old and they're always behind in between the legs. I think that would be very painful Great, but then uh, you remember when that guy from bongy bruister sat on his balls. Oh, yeah Yeah, what was I guess? It's not the guy from punkies Brewster.

But what?

Punky's Brewster is is that uh the plural of punkie Brewster?

I think it might be it's a punkies Brewster No, it was mr. Belvedere there mr. Belvedere sat on his balls Is that what he said?

Well, that was that's the duck Benson joke Oh, don't you? He doesn't impress you mr. Belvedere sitting on his own ball I gotta get the ball I gotta get duck Benson on the phone Get him involved in this is easily jicai So anyways, you find out it's funny this time travel time travel. Yes, okay. Wait, which one of the turtles is this?

Well, that's a mystery. We don't know wait, but you just imagine Three of them are dead so it has to be it's rafael. It's gotta be rafael The outcast of the bunch. He's the outcast Bodey dopplesius. Oh, whatever the fuck that song scump. I have no idea. It's an outcast song. Oh, okay Oh, is that from the turtles movie? We're gonna be using that song exclusively throughout So scott there's one turtle left. He goes to get his time travel lantern, which is from the third one Okay, he travels back in time to save time Exactly. We use that song to great and he saves his brothers from killing themselves whoa So he goes back stops the hair technically the testicular cancer didn't kill himself No, but he takes to the doctor. He wants him to the surgeries in the tree He goes back very far. He goes back away. He got to go back three times kind of like endgame So anyways this part they're going back and then they bring all the turtles back to the future Okay, so so instead of leaving them where they were and letting them age gracefully No, he brings them to the point where raffael is not that time travel works anymore Have you done seen endgame, baby? Okay, so so raffael then is considerably older than the other three during the movie That's right. So now we've got three ninja turtles and sort of like, you know chill older turtle. Okay, chill older So raffael is is not teenage He's no one teenage, but then you find out at the end of the movie post credit scene They go back in because raffael's got to die in this motherfucker, right? Sure Post credit scene they go back in time get a teenage raffael from the past Whoa, and we're rebooting the franchise with a teenage version of the terms So the teenagers who were back in the 90s They have been transported now into the 2020 it's sort of like a days of future past timelines Yeah, well, we're creating a new turtle this of course now.

That's got how do you feel about this? You want to write?

Yes, of course Yes, I mean, this is great, right?

This is I mean everything you can kill it for low kneel right away You know, it's the part I'm most excited about it's so fun You get to write a death scene in the first you get to refer to your April O'Neill That's really tight, but then guess what you've got the power time travel you bring your ass back Bring her ass back and make her teenage Oh, that she could make the turtles scott We are fucking vibing right now This coronavirus thing is kind of a fucking opportunity We go right to the drawing board. Anyway, I'm on molly right now. Are you?

Of course, it's canon that I love rolling And I love going to vegas every weekend on her view. I took the are you are you upset that all the casinos are closing?

I am scott, but you know, I'm doing my own little home casino. See, oh wait a minute. So people are going over. No, no, no I'm gambling online. Oh, you're gambling online I'm doing molly and I'm sort of just like every few minutes throwing money up by windows So you're putting all your food out on the counter. So it's a buffet. Yeah, but I'm walking. I'm grazing. I'm like, oh, that wasn't So I don't know, baby. I heard someone bring you free drinks. Exactly. So it's it's going pretty well at home.

Okay, great Well, I created my own Vegas and I'm rolling all the time.

I may work from home. I hope you don't take offense at that Scott, that's let me tell you something before you were saying you didn't want to demand that people stay home Take it from sprig to whisper, baby. Let me whisper a little something in everyone's ears Stay home, baby. Stay home. That's like us. Watch ninja turtles one. They're it's on Netflix. It's pretty good Where where are the other two? Where do they reside on?

They're all on Netflix. They're all on the flex these well you've got to catch up if you're gonna watch I feel like I did watch them though. You described them pretty well. Yeah There you go. There you go. There you go again the teenage mutant ninja turtles The teenage mutant ninja So I think what happened since this episode is then the teenage mutant ninja turtles came up on a few episodes that that Sean was not on Yes, and he was listening to those and getting enraged because I was getting all of the details wrong And so that is why we decided to do our spin-off show Which is called we've got to stop talking about CBB. No got to stop talking about TMNT on CBB Which is our teenage mutant ninja turtles podcast where uh sprig the whisper takes me through uh, all of the movies and a lot of the cartoons and We I believe our final episode is this week this Wednesday And we've had great guests on that yourself paul of tompkins great to tiana mislani and christian broon Uh michael leon black talking about when he played one of the turtles Um seth green who's played one of the turtles as well Do you know what I think about a lot is michael leon black talking about when the kids would want to fight him And he would say whoa little dude. I came here to party Would that always deescalate the situation? I wonder I wonder if they were so bigger like, you know what i'm sorry I'm here to party as well You know what I I guess I just saw you and I thought that he likes to fight i'm gonna fight him But you're right. This is a party situation. I apologize But also one thing he talked about was he was doing the voice while ben garrant was doing the body right But then he said that sometimes look you can there you can listen to go back You can do your own research as david gregory said people can get Those episodes at shawn distance patreon, which is patreon.com slash shawn distant Uh, he's a really funny guy. Obviously. We just heard that thing. I'm also getting my patreon. I've been what i've been Saving the episode like stitching them up on my patreon.

Yeah, exactly Remember that my patreon is a it's a podcatcher and uh, I just put other people's podcasts up there and charge you for it All right, let's take a break when we come back. We're going to be hearing Episode 14 very exciting. We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang Comedy bang bang uh, we're back. This is best of 2020 a year that uh, everyone will remember for the rest of their lives Look, I probably remember all the years i've lived through You don't remember you remember 1981 sure no it was uh january of 1981 through december of 1981. Oh shit. You got me You know why i stay corrected. I remember all the years 2020 2019 2018 2016 You don't remember you don't remember 1995 Oh man. This is a stumper Uh Oh, yeah. Wait. Wait. Wait. That started I think january 1st 1995. Yes when did it end Except No I think it was december 31st of 1995 damn this guy's good It In any case 2020 we're gonna remember the I remember every year i've lived through We'll probably remember What happened in 2020 this will be a demarcation point i'm i'm sure i can't remember these episodes I guess what I mean is we will remember 2020 it's going to be a demarcation thing of like remember life before 2020 Yes After 2020 right but 2020 itself is a big long blur imagine the children growing up right now Who do they won't remember what it was like?

Will have to tell them but they won't know imagine as many children as you can they can you imagine 30 I can imagine 31 these children won't they won't even know they met you crazy. They drove their parents They'll just think that a regular ass life no and then 30 years from now mom and dad will be complaining about this Tortured me It was a living hell We would trapped with you That's how they're so long they waited That's like talk glasses joke about how we were a kid and you were like imitating a 50 year old you'd be like hello I'm 50 and now when you see 50 year olds it's like hi i'm 50 i'm in a band i'm in a band come see us this right Todd i didn't sit on forever. I know he texted me the other day. It was just like hi scott I just wanted to say hi. Isn't that nice?

Do you know he texted me and I owe him a text and I feel bad about it, but it's like feel terrible I feel I do feel terrible. So thank you mission accomplished but this year like we're it's it's a weird Uh thing where some simple correspondences fell through the cracks Yeah, where it's just like I even though we're just sitting there at our computers and not doing anything. Yeah, yeah The the act of Of just communication between people seems so futile and hopeless does it not?

Yeah, I mean, I like to call it clinical depression Well, that's why doing this show is so uh stupid stupid.

Yes. Why do we keep doing it? No, but uh I am happy that we were able to keep it going this year me too when everything seemed stacked against us Yeah, uh, but speaking of keeping it going. Why don't we keep this countdown going? Uh, this is episode number 14 four Do you remember 14? No, of course you don't you don't know what it is. I don't know what it is. All right This is episode 634 And this is from january in the 600s. Okay, we're still in the 600s. Yeah, okay. That gives me a clue I believe we will be in the 600s Okay This is from january 13th. So this is pre-pan dam. This is peepee scott poo-poo scott grow some balls grow some living room Uh, I like the idea of david paymer anytime he leaves the house he gently takes his balls off and puts them in a container in the living room You don't think they like just shrivel up inside his body Um Need it worse. Okay. So this is january 13. I believe this is the second episode of the year if I had to guess For you waving a squirrel squirrel great. Um, don't get to do that in the studio. Hi. He's looking at me like are you a predator?

Oh, he's getting a little closer. Are you one of the predators?

He's a little bold. I like it. Oh, I see him. Yeah, I like when a squirrel is how close is a squirrel ever gotten to you?

Oh my god a griffith park. Yeah, you can walk right up to them because people feed them all the time and they want the food And it's kind of it's it's unnerving because you get closer and he's not running away Yeah, and then you get really close. They're like, what are you doing here? They can rip your balls off. They will rip a paper style That's what happened to him They can rip your balls. Let's popularize it that david paymer has no balls. Oh, come on. He's nice He's great. He's one of the best, but we shouldn't get it out there that he has no ball We should get it out there Can I tell a story really quickly that I told on twitter and it's not it's not about david paymer but for whatever reason this david paymer reminded me of this story my uh wife janey and i and uh my old friend buddy fits patrick we were in manhattan We were having dinner in manhattan the dinner ended early one club We were probably at the 21 club knowing how broke you were probably more like this 13 club Hey, man. I told you that in confidence Please don't look at my dead birth Um And so we were we finished dinner earlier and we're like what did she we do now?

And then for some reason we looked to see if there was any any a play that we could go see Um, now there was a play that was happening nearby walking distance from the restaurant And we said we we had heard like a little like it got positive reviews. We didn't know anything about it really We're like let's go see it right now. It was it was a one-act play. No intermission. It's like this is great. Let's go see it From when saw it was great. We really enjoyed it and afterwards we're talking out in front of the theater And you know like think eventually the cast comes out one by one people trickle out and we were saying oh you're great The thing well One of the guys who was like had one of the the biggest roles in the play Walks out of the theater and we say to hey You were terrific in the show and he is saying thank you But he's looking at us. He's got this strange expression on his face like he's humoring us like It's so weird and we keep saying like almost like he thinks he did a bad job and he's like oh, okay No, he's you he has an expression on his face like he doesn't know what we're talking about. Oh, but he's trying to just be like oh, okay Yeah, great job in the play He was so strange and he kept doing you were like no it's really you were so good. You were fantastic. He was like, uh, uh, uh, okay Thank you. Thank you Walked away and it was so strange to the point where we were like Was that the guy like we just saw him?

Absolutely was and we saw him walk out of the theater and it was so his and if it was his twin brother Who's like a stagehand he should be used to it. Yeah Exactly so I later found I put that story on twitter And uh, it's not and people were like was it this person they're guessing all these famous people It's not a famous of course. It's not a famous actor right so Then a friend of mine in in New York, um, said by the way when you put out something anonymously and I I've gone through this recently Yeah, you don't do it so people can speculate no online and bring up Cool people's names into yeah, you know what I mean?

Like what if this guy is on the guy's banner I told a story recently on a show about an actor that I did not care for and people were speculating like all these wonderful people And and dragging them into it and I'm like no I kept it anonymous for a reason now of course I hope they were tagging them as well. Oh boy. Were you talking about this person? Hey, this guy may be talking about you Um, but it's like I thought well if this guy's on twitter, I don't want people like yeah, given him a hard time or whatever Um, and the point of the story was not that it was a famous person It was just a little story that I was telling right but uh, so my friend in New York said which play was it?

And I told her the name of the play and she said was it this guy?

I was like yes it was And apparently he is famous for being extremely socially awkward Like he's known for it and I was like wow that makes sense and what a relief to have it confirmed Well, you know, you never quite know what People are going through and uh, that's true too, you know because I I believe there was a person that I knew who was Very odd and strange anytime you talk to him and you kind of go like what's that person's problem?

And then you find out they actually do have something going on so it's like you never know You know, I worked with a comedian years ago in Philly who was at the time Was not a um was only a comedian. It was not known for anything else. He was just like a Uh, a very he was a well-known roadcomic really funny guy And I was excited to work with him like I'd seen him on tv like back in the days of you know Short attention span theater and the a-list and stuff like that on comedy central And this person was it this person?

And I he was Having like a hard time that week With something and I don't know it was like you're really funny on stage off stage like I remember him making a phone call and uh Like there was a payphone in the lobby of the club And I think the middle act was on stage. I think I was I'm seeing that week the middle act was on stage and he was trying to make this phone call and he like Was something was going wrong and he kept angrily like hanging up the phone and then he would have to put in This is this is like the days of payphones, right?

You know, wherever he was calling he had to put in so much money like five dollars It was fucking crazy. I remember those days. Oh god And so he's like he's on he's like he put in like 50 quarters. Yeah And then I said hey, um, I have a if you want I have a calling card that you could use You know and he just he like half turned to me and went no I was really bummed out because I really liked this guy And then I felt so I always felt like and then I I met him again Years later in total in that story, right?

And He was kind of shamed by it. He was like, yeah, I think I was probably having a hard time that week And then I felt so stupid like why did I tell why I wasn't trying to shame him I was like you're just like hey, remember this is like a funny story from you snapping me This is a funny story. Yeah, and then I instantly realized yeah Why would he want to hear the story right? Yeah, and so I felt bad about that Right then I heard a story about him that I I then didn't feel bad again. Oh man. The story and everybody was Somebody somebody told me a story about him that they had worked with him on something Uh, and this was like they this person was uh was on the crew of this this project And they said yeah, he told me a story once about You know being in vegas and he was in a limo and he was being taken to the airport and uh you know, uh He he was getting to the you know, he's chatting with the driver and then when they got to the the airport He said what's the biggest tip you've ever gotten to the driver?

and the driver said um $200 and or $100 And then well, here's 101 he gave him $200 And said who gave you that $100 tip and the driver said it was you And and they then so this person's telling me the story like isn't that like an awesome story Yeah, and I was like that's a frank Sinatra story. Right?

That's like an ancient story for the 50s or whatever And and then I made that person feel bad that told me the story Oh geez the cycle of everyone feeling that Well, because of me. Why do humans interact with each other?

This is the question Humans are so curious we do here But here's the here's the moral of this story if I can take a moral from what you're saying and sure do it Do it because I don't have one Well, it's just that we need to give each other uh more breaks and uh be more lenient with each other And and be kinder to each other and remember that everyone's going through something I won't go that far. I think we can give each other breaks some people are assholes and we should Yeah, then through cancel culture. We should give each other breaks do not be kinder to each other Cancel people when you are able If you're ever able to cancel someone take that opportunity because it may not come around again You've got to just to cancel someone you gotta do it do it for me. It's fun It's fun It's fun to cancel people that nobody stays canceled. No Take six months off ryan adam's just put out a record there you go She's a little color the only person seems permanently canceled. Yeah, unfortunately Had the best For america like the rightest reason oh Not that she was that not that she was wrong, but that they what she did was right. I think yes exactly I'm phrasing it poorly, but she was like we're on the side of the angels with as far as she needs goes That's right and she needs an angel. That's it isn't she though. Oh, don't all angels have shaved heads That's the first thing that happens in heaven. Yep. The same thing gets out the clip first thing that happens come here you Just like in stripes Trevor strives everybody got their head shaved, but then bill mary and heraldry. Yeah, I decided not to get nice haircuts Yeah, there was no explanation of it. This is like tommy lee jones and batman Uh who showed up to work and saw the two face makeup that would have taken an hour Oh, no three hours to apply and then said i'm not doing that and so they had to come up with like A face covering that they could put on in 20 minutes for him, which is why i never read that story That's why it looks terrible. No, I think just make me half purple It's not gonna end he was right. It didn't it didn't matter.

It didn't matter Uh, it just doesn't matter. What do you think of stripes and meatballs? What if uh, that's true. What?

What if that meatballs spaghetti? What if B of meatballs Oh, that's too early too early brother really i'm getting too old for this shit Uh, or as dokbenson was saying his joke i'm getting too old for this shit Um, okay, so this is january 13 ball. Okay, so this was pre pandemic and this is an episode called wane scotting Peanure and ditalia no jones Now this of course of course Has uh our friend david wane from stella and the state and director of great movies Like they came together they came together role models, etc drummer uh wet hot american summer of course, uh creator or co-creator of children's hospital all that i mean He is a drummer not that he directed whiplash uh one of our favorite guests to have on the show uh our senses of humor, uh really a line and uh Anytime he's on the show we call it wane scotting because his name is david wane and i'm scot And uh, you get it and this has uh two performers This has the aforementioned Eggo wodham from saturday night live and we're going to be hearing Uh clip of her and it also has carl tarte Uh another one of our favorites to have on the show now we're going to be hearing both of these people And eggo is playing on tre pea newer Who she's been doing on the show for a while who is an inventor and uh At a certain point we heard uh carl play her brother appetizer pea newer But carl yes i remember that i I remember that episode where the end carl is looking at his phone And they're doing the plugs and everybody's yelling at him.

He doesn't realize Because they're calling him appetizer. Yeah, we're like appetizer. He's not an appetizer And he's reading something on his phone. We're like appetizer and he doesn't respond He's like huh Um carl so funny carl He's not playing appetizer pea newer on this. No, he is playing a tally ono jones Which is the first time he did this character. It's really i think of the last Um really uh funny. We're going to be hearing two clips from this First uh, we're going to be hearing david You David Floor We're going to be hearing david and i talking to entree pea newer and then uh tally ono jones will come in This is your episode 14 number one four um Our next guest is a small business owner. Um and they uh have been on the show before Oh, yes, uh, please welcome back to the show entree pea newer.

How you doing scott?

I do it really well. How are you? I'm all right a little perturbed This is david wane by the way. Hi david nice to see you david little wane entreepreneur has anyone ever called you that David little wane that i love it. Can that be my new moniker? Yes. Do you rap?

Of course. Do you have a little penis? I got a little penis scott have you seen the way suggestions scott have you seen the way dick Have i seen little wane's dick i'm presuming why would you call it the press?

Why would you call yourself little anything unless you had a little dick and you were proud of it?

Maybe it's a stature thing little bow wow Little dick you've seen all these dicks Well you saw my dick in the locker room before we started recording That's right. We have a locker room here where we all shower before the show and we change and a lot of times We take a steam and sometimes we'll be doing the show just in towels Uh today we uh we're wearing uh You're branded by nike i can tell uh you have the swoosh everywhere scott's wearing a robe, but his dick is poking out Look that's Look, I know that with wine stein and all that he's finally on trial But give me something. I can't change that quickly That's okay scott. I'm not holding it again. She just wants your listeners to know how you work I like to hold it against you. Okay. How are you on tree?

Oh, okay. Do you scott?

Yes, i'm not interested in relations. You're not well you said you had a bone to pick with me speaking of bones bones Another bone a different bone a different bone to pick. I don't think you want your bone picked Do you think david boryanna's Anyone ever on the set of bones?

Oh, yes from bony went up to him said I got a bone to pick with you and then they laughed and they high-five david take this one I thought that was your new nickname for me david boryanna four moments there. I did it boring wayness. Hey, wait a minute This is too close to come here. I'm the one with the small dick. Oops. Oh, no Hi, entree. Uh-huh, you know scott my bone to pick with you that you called me a small business owner I'm not a business owner. I'm an inventor. You are an inventor. I'm sorry I'm sorry. You have never you don't have a small business where you have the capital in order to make these i'm seeking capital You need the capital and david wane by the way, I got a lot of passive income from his various projects I do a lot of seeding financial seed money that that I put in escrow until you yeah, you basically like A few seeds watch these babies grow but if you have something to pitch I'd be willing to put in a couple million dollars to hear the pitch. Okay, just to hear the pitch Here the pitch. I have lost a lot of money this way I typically accept bitcoin, but I will take a couple million I will take a couple million a couple of talking to you It's gonna take me just a little bit to put together the cash that's a lot of money You have a lot of uh, you have like we mentioned passive income, but uh, you're not really entirely liquid you are telling I want aggressive income. Okay. Yeah, I don't know that i'm that liquid. I I do I have sir I have hobbies, but go on Okay. Okay. Now entree. Yes. I should warn you david that entree has been on the show before Okay, and entree tends to have wanted Why does that require one Consider myself warned you are a whore. Why do you why do you feel you detour them? Well Well, I I just your your ideas have never born fruit necessarily into Have you born fruit? I don't know exactly what you're talking about I don't know what you wouldn't understand. Do you want me to part this road? You were a woman You wouldn't know what it is to bore fruit and just to be clear david huang. I'm not a woman Okay, there's a there's a bit of Discrepancy in our memories about that Of how whether you're a wall woman. I believe if i'm not mistooking. I believe I am a man Okay, and the and my my belief is that may not have been established You know, well scott consider an establishment for 2020 2020. It's a new decade entree p newer is a gentleman who Has come in here and has pitched us various things and my my the one problem that I would say Entree is that you tend to pitch your hater Not from that problem what else?

You tend to pitch well, I don't even want to spoil it because I want david to just have a fresh fresh ear pitch fresh or else that Fries my judgment fresh pitch for you david the way okay, so I'm thinking of something. I'd like your two million dollars. What it is is something that is Rectangle and shape base the base excuse me hear me out.

Okay, everything's a bit of a rectangle Well, you seem to you seem to focus primarily if I may be so bold on rectangular things Because I think when you pitch just a hospital sure it was basically a rectangle. Was it a rectangle?

I think it was no offense got a lot of things are rectangular. Thank you very much Thank you very much Many things are born of a rectangle. Many things are born of a rectangle Rectangular base. Okay. It's gonna be connected to the ground Okay, okay, or maybe do some mold in around it connected to the ground And then another rectangle upright on a different on another side. So it's like an upside down T I'm just sketching this out exactly exactly then we're gonna go like the titans tower from the teen titans But upside down right like an upside down time outside on a sports field, right? Okay. Okay. So you know what a sports field is You know the rules so that there's a time idiot. Okay. I'm not a stupid. Okay. The top of it is an oval A top a top of the upside. You're so focused on shapes What do you have in this shape?

I'm trying to figure out what this is. It's a rectangle and then another rectangle. Then you know We have an upside down T and the oval is kind of the oval is kind of On is not upright per se. It's on its side. Oh Sort of like the basis anyway, are you pitching the leaning tower of pizza? No, no, oh, scott No, I would never that exists already. Why would I pitch that?

No You're gonna sit on top of it and let your dukey out Let your pee pee out Now let's see Talk about rectangles when you're pitching a toilet. I don't have a name for it, scott. Thank you That's brilliant. I love it toilet It exists already never heard of it. Never heard of it. You don't use a toilet never heard what do you use to do what?

You just said the dookies to dookies when I dookies to dookies.

I do it right where I am Wherever I find myself wherever you lay your hat wherever I lay my hat is your home. Yes, which is never near a toilet I don't know what that is. If y'all want to call it a toilet. What is your house like? You don't have a mattress You don't have a toilet. Where do you live? Where do I live?

Well, my mother Well, she's that explains that she's dead. I don't own a home. She's dead. She's dead But she still lives there. No, I just call it her house So, you know what a house is because I think you pitched me those ones. Is that what that's called? Yes, okay I love the sound of it. I love to see it What kind of house doesn't have a toilet? David just drew one. I can tell you that David drew It's beautiful. It's beautiful. It's a bird house Thank you, David. You're right. You're right. A bird house doesn't have a toilet David drew what looks like a vanity mirror So, you know what a vanity mirror is? Why is that so alarming to you, Scott?

What is your bathroom? What a vanity and that's it. A vanity. What about sinks? A vanity and a sink. One sink. So, you know what sinks are?

Sure. Yeah, you know what plumbing is?

What is, no, why do you have to complicate things?

What, where does the water go in your sink?

I don't know. Do you know? It just disappears?

What is your water going in your sink?

It goes... Where exactly does it end up, Scott? Go, you have two seconds. In the Pacific Ocean. Oh, interesting All I know is if someone said to me describe a toilet, I would say an upside down tea with an oval We need to get Dornick's guest. He is a lawyer. Please welcome to the show Italiano Jones.

Hello. Thank you for having me. My name is Italiano Jones and I will fight for you.

Oh, it's so nice to meet you. Mr. Jones. I will join the law offices of Italiano Jones and the associates and other miscellaneous items. Mmm. Okay. That sounds great. What type of cases, by the way, this is Entropy Newer. How you doing, young sir? How are you? I'm Italiano Jones of Italiano Jones and law services and miscellaneous other items.

And this is David Wayne. Hello, David. Of Wayne's got him.

Jimmy 2 TMZ.

It seems like your law firm changed its name in the last couple of minutes.

How dare you? My law offices never changed their name. We will fight for you.

I heard that you came here in an amylapse. Yes, I did.

Would you like... Did they... Can you spell amylapse? I was spelling for you absolutely. Amylapse. A-M-B-U-L-A-N-C-E.

Amylapse.

He's right. Whoa. Blackberry. Amylapse.

I was in a law office, Jones. Like I found my lawyer. Would you not agree? An ambulance is a very rectangular vehicle.

Yes. They mostly are rectangular. But in Europe... I don't know what those exist.

You know about those. Yeah. And you're... They are oblong.

Are they now?

Yes. I would know. I am from Italy. You are? Yes. I wondered.

Italiano Jones is out of Nick. Why do you sound like you're from Chicago?

It is a family name from Italy. I am from Italy. That part of Italy are you from?

Tescuely. And why is your family name your first name?

That's how we do things at Italy. Oh, I see. I wasn't aware of that.

Can you spell it? In other words, everyone in Italy is called Italiano something.

Can you spell it? Can you spell it?

I-T-A-L-Y, Italy. What type of law do you practice, Italiano?

I practice all types of law. Do you have a case? Are you in any type of trouble?

Have you been injured in an accident? Have you been injured in a self-inflicted wound?

Self-inflicted wound. Who am I going to sue if it's a self-inflicted wound?

We can sue thousands of people. We can sue so many people.

Who do you say the makers of the weapons that I use?

We can sue Smith and Wesson. We can sue just Wesson cooking oil.

Italiano. If you slept on a bottle of Wesson cooking oil.

On the bottle itself? Not the product?

Yes. You shot yourself. How ironic would that be?

Think about this. You are holding a gun and you are also frying something in your kitchen. Why would I do it then?

Are you putting the bottle in there? Am I trying to defend myself while I'm frying?

You live in a rough neighborhood. You can't find a spoon and you've got to stir with something.

Okay. You live in South Italy. Like me.

I grew up in a rough neighborhood. The streets was tough.

The pointy toe of that boot? The pointy toe of the boot.

Absolutely.

The pointy heel of the boot. You grew up with the godfather.

I grew up with a godfather. His name was Roy.

Not Italiano. My name is Italiano. It's a family name.

Italianos, you sound like Mike Tyson.

Este Johnson and Wax. It's a family company.

You sound like Mike Tyson. You ever heard of Mike Tyson?

Mike Tyson, yes. I love him.

Yeah. What are you loving for? I love him.

What part of his career? Be careful now. What do you love?

You know, I represented him in a case. Oh, no, which one?

I will tell you. Please do. We have a deal.

He wants bought a tiger online. Oh, and when the box came, the tiger was not in it.

It was just a skeleton. Oh, no.

Skeleton of a tiger or a human skeleton? Human skeleton.

What? This is way gets weirder.

So we went and found the company that sold him the tiger box.

Skeleton tiger box.

And he got to keep the skeleton too.

Oh, who's skeleton? Did you ever feel?

It's great. You fought for him, but where did the human skeleton come from?

We did not know.

We did not get that.

How do you find that this is the mystery?

We did not get that evidence.

All we did was get him a real tiger and he got to keep the human skeleton.

And now it is up in his living room and it wears a doctor's lab coat.

I will fight for you. Thanks to you.

Thanks to me.

So the Italiano Jones of Italiano Jones Law, Miscellaneous Services and Items of Law.

So he has a skeleton wearing a doctor's lab coat like he's in a vaudeville sketch.

We all love vaudeville.

We go to watch vaudeville movies at Mike Tyson's house all the time.

You do really? We're in his private theater.

Oh, I'll tell you. We watch The Producers.

Well, you ever seen this, entree?

The Producers.

Yeah.

Never heard of it.

No.

We watched The Director.

All we did was see this.

I guess I was talking about a movie theater.

Oh, a theater?

Yeah. You ever heard of that?

Describe it to me.

Rectangular.

Definitely.

Okay.

There's a rectangular thing in the front.

I follow.

And then there's a rectangular thing.

There's definitely a rectangular thing.

So you go through it in order to get there.

I follow.

Okay.

And then what happens?

You sit down on what I could only describe as a couple of rectangles upside down.

Everybody knows what a chair is.

You dumbass.

Have you been injured in a chair?

Have you stood on top of a chair and tied a rope around your neck and jumped off?

Well, I will fight for you.

That you would be dead.

I think you would be dead.

Did you, I want to sue this ambulance company that let me get out of the ambulance on the way to the hospital?

You want to sue the ambulance to do a podcast?

What is the company called?

It's called, I think it's called a Grands ambulance.

Oh, they have that same brand in Italy.

Okay.

I have sued them before and I will sue them again because I will fight for you.

But I am here from the law offices.

Yeah.

We know where you're from.

It's Dally, I know Jones.

What kind of money am I going to get out of this?

I can get you thousands.

I can get you hundreds.

I can get you millions.

How much money do you want David Hwang?

Thousands.

You want thousands?

You want the thousands instead of the millions?

Yeah, just tons for the million.

You're a big lady.

David Hwang, all I need is the evidence.

I have an idea.

If you, maybe you and I could go into business together.

How dare you?

We're already in business together.

This is how I dare.

Okay.

So maybe you have people to sue.

We could go to a place to have these kind of suins and trials.

All right.

You know what a lawsuit is, but you don't know where they take place.

A lawsuit is a silk suit you wear to a rectangle.

I do all of my suins in one courtroom.

Which one?

The LA Municipal County courtroom.

Okay.

Why?

All my cases here.

That's a rectangular room.

I've been there.

Yeah, very rectangular.

It's almost like...

Y'all have been to this place.

Yeah.

It's called LA Monicipote.

It's like six rectangles.

Six rectangles.

Yeah, just like the Olympic logo.

And then what?

Okay.

I understand.

So some of them are stacked upon one another.

Have you ever been injured by the Olympic logo?

They wanted them fall off the Olympics and hit you in the face.

That actually did happen.

I will fight for you.

That happened to you all.

It did happen to me.

That happened to me.

It did happen to me.

I was hit by the Red Ring.

Was it Alberta 1988, the Winter Olympics?

Yes.

Yes, and...

Perfect.

That is the only Olympic I am allowed to preside on.

Yes, and...

You're not allowed to preside over any other Olympic.

Any other Olympics.

Okay.

Why is that?

Well, I have been banned from all other Olympic residuals.

Presiduals?

So you were allowed to sue that particular Olympics if especially if the logo falls on somebody and luckily...

Also Lake Placid 1982.

Oh, okay.

Well, I was.

I was.

I'm looking for a quick check.

A little late for Lake Placid, but great.

I was.

How birded?

I was.

How birded?

Were you bitten by the big alligator in Lake Placid?

No.

There's a giant alligator who lives in Lake Placid.

His name is Steve.

Steve.

If he bites you, I will fight for you.

How many people has Steve bitten?

Oh, Steve has bitten thousands of people.

Thousands.

Everybody who goes to Lake Placid to Icegate and the ice is never hard enough.

And they fall through.

But just for conflict of interest reasons, I have to ask, have you ever defended Steve?

I have never defended Steve in the court of law.

I have, however, defended Steve to his mother when he came out.

Are you closet?

Yes.

Yeah, I'm like...

What did you say to Steve Smother?

Like, what a good friend you are.

She was very upset with Steve when he came out because she's at home afloat.

And I said...

She's...

They're both alligators, right?

Yes.

And she said...

What is your point, David, that alligators can't be home for?

Well, now, wait a minute.

Don't get, don't drag me into this.

Drag him, Scott.

Drag him.

Cancel him.

Drag him, Steve.

I feel like all alligators can do what they please, as long as they don't eat me.

Drag him.

So you think they can be home for?

You want them to be home for boobs?

Now, wait a second here.

This is the trapman.

Somebody is about to get canceled.

Italiano, can you ice soup, Scott, for entrapment?

You absolutely can.

Oh, no.

Where are you going to do the suing?

Do it.

I have a new space for you.

A new space, it's a rectangle.

I won't do six because that is excessive.

We only need one rectangle.

You can enter in that rectangle.

There'll be other rectangle.

Why would you need to enter if there's just one on the ground?

Well, it's going to be sort of a three-dimensional rectangle, which I have now learned thanks to your wonderful listeners.

It's a cuboid.

Cuboid.

All right.

It's a cuboid.

Cuboid.

Cuboid is a cuboid.

It's a cuboid.

Oh, cuboid.

Boy, please get on your mark.

Okay.

Cuboid.

Boy.

Anyway, we don't need to bother.

I said, look, boy.

But it's a cuboid.

You'd enter inside.

There will be a judge.

Yes, I've heard of a judge, Scott.

Don't you dare start to ask me.

I've heard of a judge.

Where do you think a judge usually works?

A judge usually works from home.

From home.

Judge works from home.

Until your innovation, which you're in the middle of pitching.

Exactly.

Why would a judge who gets to work from home, want to travel to another place?

I would think that's one of the benefits of being a home-based judge.

Scott, most judges are unsuccessful.

The legal system is going to shit in this country.

She is a lack of cuboid rooms.

Because there are not enough cuboid rooms in which to hold suins.

So you think the legal system is going to hell here?

The legal system is going to hell just like you, Scott.

You are going to hell in a hand basket with gasoline draws on.

Luckily, light them up.

I am friends with many judges.

Sis.

You're friends with many judges.

I am friends with many judges.

Spell judges.

J-U-D-G-S.

Do you feel like the judges' problem is that they're all working from home?

That's the problem with our legal system.

They all work from home.

I'm so sorry.

Speaking of winning the suit, I've been meaning to announce this.

There is going to be a suit that I'm going to be giving away to one of your lucky listeners.

You're giving away a- And you can win the suit.

Meaning a dress suit?

Yeah, it's a three-piece suit.

Three pieces.

So we're talking vest, pants, and jacket.

Pants, jacket.

Wipe me down.

It's a two-button suit.

Yeah, she's already all wet over there.

He is.

Come on, David.

At least I'm just kidding me in 2020.

I said he will represent you.

I'm going to take you to court.

She.

We're going to court.

If any listeners do want to win the suit.

How do they get involved in this contest?

We're going to be the fifth caller we're taking right now at our 800 number.

We're taking calls right now?

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

Let's go to the phones here.

Caller, are you there?

Hello.

Hi, your caller number one.

Ah.

Sorry, click.

All right.

Let's go to the phones.

Hello.

Fifth caller.

Hey.

Caller, your.

Hey.

Hey, your.

Caller number two.

Hey.

How cool.

You don't win.

Bye.

Caller, are you there?

Your mother's a jerk.

My mother's a jerk.

Well, fuck you.

You're caller number three.

Where have you been?

You're caller number three.

Click.

Caller, are you there?

I'm on a radio with t-bang.

No, t-pins not around.

But your only caller number four.

You were so close.

All right.

Bye.

Click.

Caller, are you there?

911, what's your emergency?

Hey, this is caller number five.

I think the phone lines got crossed here.

911, what was your emergency?

We accidentally called 911.

What's your emergency?

We.

What's your emergency?

Damn, can I get your name?

Because you have just won a suit.

Sharing.

I hope well, that's amazing.

What's your emergency?

It's a three-piece suit.

Does that change your tune at all?

Oh, okay.

Best included.

I love that.

A lot of suits are only two pieces these days.

Okay.

All right.

But do you have an emergency?

Oh, I guess it's an emergency that we get this suit to you.

Isn't that right?

I called you, isn't that something?

Wait, is this Sharon?

Yeah.

Sharon from 911.

It's Alliano.

This is Italiano Jones of Italiano Jones Law Services.

I thought you were never going to talk to me again.

I'm sorry I said that.

I'm pregnant.

What?

It's got a hang of the phone.

It's not hanging up the phone.

This is juicy shit.

Tell me I'm pregnant.

I'm seven and a half months pregnant.

I've been trying to reach.

You're ready to go.

I'm ready to go.

Is it Italiano's baby?

I do believe so.

I've only ever slept with him.

I believe so.

I've only ever slept with Italiano.

He told me he was shooting blanks.

That is correct.

I do shoot blanks.

But this day, the blanks fired.

Just like if you were cooking, you'll get it.

What is it?

Every one of your lawsuits cooking release.

What are we going to do?

Well, now that you have the suit, I think that solves it.

Then I didn't get married.

I'd love to marry you in this suit.

That suit is worth thousands.

You're there for the babies.

Got to make up the phone.

Not that you have the phone.

Tell me I'm- You're a deadbeat dad?

I know.

I liked you.

You told me that every woman you met to this point thought you were stupid.

Didn't take you seriously.

And that you appreciated that I saw your worth and your intelligence and what made you unique and special.

And then you left.

I did appreciate it.

He confided into me that he did not want to feel like he was associated with a 911 operator as his main squeeze.

Oh, really?

That is what you call it.

Are you kidding me?

I help people.

I also help people.

How?

Do you have a main injury?

How is that a conflict of interest if you're both helping people?

Because I work against them.

I am suing 911.

I am going to sue 911.

I'm getting calls for other emergencies at this point.

So if you could take my number- You have an emergency.

Yeah, Italiana, please take my number down.

Comment again.

It's 911.

I will not be able to award the suit.

I'm sorry just looking at the bylaws until unless you give me your full address right now.

Okay, my full address.

Go ahead of the phone.

My full address, Italiana, I'd love to see you.

I'm located at 5959 Emergency Lane.

Emergency Lane.

How are you?

That's where the dispatch- It's helped funny and goofy.

Emergency Lane.

It always makes 911s.

Got to be fun.

Los Angeles, California.

91169.

All right, you'll expect that- I'm 911 and then a 69.

Is that what you guys were involved in?

Yeah, it was an emergency.

He called me.

He said he had an emergency.

This is how he actually- It turned into a full-blown 69.

I'll let people tell you that you can not get someone pregnant.

Doing a 69.

You absolutely can't.

This just went down the wrong pipe.

It went down the wrong pipe.

She started to cough and now she is saying all of this now.

Oh no.

Number one, four.

Oh, so good.

Italiana Jones.

We heard it.

It doesn't get better than that.

We heard it.

Hey, what about the stuff that I do?

I mean, it's not better.

It's different.

Oh.

I knew it.

Well, look, there's 13 better than this, according to the listeners because- Well, then you lied.

That's true.

This is my opinion.

And speaking of 13, we're going to get to episode 13 after the break.

We'll be right back with more best of comedy bang bang.

2020 part one after this.

Yeah.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

And that same plane just flew by.

And we had a good bit of business where we off mic, well, I mean, it was on mic.

But it was while we were doing the break.

But share it with the people because I think they would enjoy it.

It was funny.

A Paul was imitating the playing guy.

The little play fight overhead.

And then we, I imagine that he was saying, I forgot my phone charger.

And then I was saying how funny it would be that he was shouting down to the people below.

And then Paul said, what if he had a banner that he was dragging behind the plane?

And then I said, I remember the banner, but I forgot my phone charger.

I run.

I guess.

Right.

That's the thing.

It loses something in the translation.

I feel like.

No, that was funny.

And if you don't think that was funny, fuck you.

Also, if you did think it was funny, fuck you.

Hey, fuck all y'all.

Fuck all y'all.

That is the message of comedy bang bang every year.

Hey, you know what?

Because we got so caught up talking about Sprig the Whisperer.

Caught up.

Yep.

I want to share.

Is that a song?

You want to shit?

Yeah, it's an Usher song.

Oh, okay.

I wanted to shout out Lily Sullivan.

It's her first time on the Countdown.

It was her first episode.

We didn't hear her clip, but we may hear more of her a little later.

Yeah, but Lily is so funny.

Now I feel dumb because we're going to hear from her later.

Maybe.

I don't know.

We I don't want to give anything away.

Well, now you've put me in a very awkward position.

What?

Everyone knowing that you think she's funny?

Yes.

You didn't want anyone to know that?

Well, she doesn't show up later in the Countdown.

Then there's no proof that she has.

She may show up later in the Countdown.

I know you're playing a KG.

KG is fuck.

KG is Nick.

That's right.

All right.

Let's hear.

Let's do it.

Let's get to it.

Let's get it on.

The last clip we'll hear of this episode.

This is.

Ecology.

Episode the Ecology 13.

Number one.

Three.

All right.

Episode 13.

The Ecology.

This comes.

This is episode 644.

Oh, the Ecology.

Yes.

Of course, the Ecology episode.

This was released March 9th.

9th.

March 9th.

Moth 9th.

So this would have still have been in the studio.

Okay.

And this is an episode called Fall Olympics.

Ringing any cups?

No.

Turn upside down.

Any EEC cups?

Come on.

Let's boobs.

Turn upside down like the calculator.

Ha ha.

Boop less.

It was that like, I know it was funny that it would spell that, but would you like insult anyone by saying, hey, check out what you are.

Let me do some calculations.

I think yes.

And then turn it around and go.

This is you.

I believe that was the idea.

I never did that.

To do it to members of the IBTC.

Any bitty titty committee.

This is an episode called Fall Olympics.

And let me tell you who the participants of this are.

This is John Gabris, who's been on the show for many years now playing.

A variety of characters.

Most famously, Gino the intern.

Yes, of course.

Gino the intern who is a, an intern from Long Island who is sort of a parody of like a certain type of radio fan who likes Opie and Anthony.

And he's like a real Long Island kind of bro character, which is 10% different than John Gabris in real life.

I think it's very generous.

Okay.

I like to be generous.

It's the holidays.

Ah, dude, dude.

I do.

So he's on this.

And then we have, we also have a coming up after the clip.

Well, here is Dan Lippert, who is back.

That's right.

Dan Lippert doing.

And unfortunately, we couldn't play a clip.

We don't have time to play a clip of him doing Bill Walton.

But that was one of his breakout characters.

That's a really funny clip, but we're not going to hear that.

We're actually going to hear the clip from the middle guests who are Darcy Carden and Brandon Scott Jones.

Both of them actors on The Good Place, which is the NBC show that just ended its run.

And Darcy got nominated for an Emmy.

Yes, she did.

Well, sir.

After this episode.

Yes.

She plays Janet on The Good Place.

And Brandon Scott Jones plays John Wheaton.

Can I say you made it sound like she got nominated for an Emmy?

For this episode of Cover Comedy Bang Bang?

Well, the Emmy should cover Comedy Bang Bang, should they not?

Yeah, they don't, though.

By the way, I was nominated for an iHeartRadio podcasting award about a week ago or so.

Mm-hmm.

And first of all, no one contacted me to let me know this.

How did you find out?

I found out because I have a Google Alert for Comedy Bang Bang.

Wow, mistake.

Well, no, it just is just for like news.

I know.

News articles about it.

I get it.

So a news article popped up and it was like iHeart Comedy podcasting awards or whatever, a podcasting awards, nominations, and comedy bang things in there.

I'm like, did I get nominated for an award?

No one from Earworld for anyone contacts me and has not contacted me since.

Ha ha ha.

I open it up and it's not for the show.

It's for ad reads.

What?

I was nominated for my ad reads.

That's bizarre.

That's B-Zar.

Because all of the good comedy shows that were nominated are, of course, you know, Conan Ryan doesn't have any friends and all of the wonderful comedy podcasts that are out there now that are so funny.

Oh, his show is really funny, but I think the other ones I'd never heard of, maybe.

Anyway, they were all nominated and I got nominated for ad reads.

What?

It's wonderful to be nominated and can't wait to go to that ceremony.

I never got nominated for ad reads.

I used to do multiple characters.

You, your ad reads are good.

I don't know why I'm getting nominated for them.

No, you're not.

I don't either.

You're average.

Terrible.

They're bad.

Hollywood handbook also nominated.

Theirs are probably better than mine.

In any case, they do.

They do get all the sponsors to cancel their sponsors.

That's true.

I'm aiming for something in between.

Do you know, they left Earwolf and I was told about it by someone the night before they were going to announce it.

Yeah.

And for a split second, I was like, what if I just announced it right now?

You should have.

But then it's like, don't do pranks if you don't want pranks to be done on you.

That's a good motto.

Because people might do them anyway, but if you do a prank, people will do them.

They will definitely do.

Yeah.

We talked about that with Nick Thune and Brendan Walsh.

Yeah.

Their prank were escalated, unfortunately, where I don't think they enjoyed it.

There was a loss of life.

That's right.

One of them died.

So we're going to hear from Darcy and Brandon Scott-Jones.

This is Brandon's first episode ever on Comedy Bang Day.

Do you think it'll be his last?

It may be.

No, we'll figure that out as next year comes.

But this is two new characters and this is your episode 13.

Number one, three.

All right. Well, let's get to our first guest.

This is incredible.

Have you ever met a lobbyist before, Geno?

Yeah.

That's like one of those dudes in like a white shirt with a tie that's- That's a Mormon.

No, no, no, and they have like a little hat and they sing a telephone.

They're sitting at a desk whenever you enter a building before you get on the elevator.

Mm.

That's a secretary.

Okay.

But someone in the lobby is right here.

Oh, that's what I'm thinking of.

Yeah.

Are you thinking of a security guard?

I don't know.

Does he like- It looks like the dad from Family Matters.

Okay.

Yeah.

That's specifically the security guard from Diard.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

That's what I'm thinking of.

Yeah.

Okay.

That's not a lobbyist.

Yeah.

No, that's not a lobbyist.

He just hangs out in the- He actually never made it into the lobby, I believe.

He was always sitting outside in that cop car and then a guy fell on his cop car.

And he was like, oh, shit's going down.

That's bad news.

They are lobbyists.

Please welcome to the show, Chris and Chris Starbo.

Hi.

Hey, how's it going?

Hi, y'all.

It's great.

All right.

Hi, guys.

Thank you so much for coming.

No, thank you so much for having us.

This is Gino.

Don't let him distract you.

He's going to be constantly fiddling with the levels.

I'm going to be fucking with the levels and I have a sleeveless shirt on.

Just deal with both of those things.

No, I noticed.

Oh, we noticed.

Which one of you is Chris?

I'm Chris.

Hi, Chris.

Nice to meet you.

Now you're also talking to me because I'm also Chris.

Okay.

Now that's the funny thing is both our names.

They do happen to me, Chris.

Spelled exactly the same.

Exactly the same.

Exactly the same, but stand for different things.

They stand for different- That's right.

Meaning they are nicknames for something that is- A little bit.

A little bit.

Like Scott is short for- Scott.

Scott, Scott Trick, probably.

Exactly.

It's a nick name for- John is sometimes short for Jonathan.

No, Gino is short for Gina Vani.

Right.

Now.

So you have different names.

Oh, yeah.

Are you related?

Can we talk about that?

Well, we are heavily married.

We are heavily married.

Deeply married.

Well, that's- Then that's not too weird because I think Chris could always, you know, date of Chris.

And I'll tell you.

I'm not worried about the name of the change of it.

We did.

Oh, we did.

Oh, oh.

It was one of- You know, I remember our first date, you remember it.

Oh, I remember it.

I hope she does.

I know.

I have a bad memory.

Mommy brain.

I know she got mommy brain.

Yeah, you guys are lobbyists.

We are.

Well, you say lobbyists as if we're some sort of big government.

No, no.

But we are not that.

No.

We're thinking global.

We have a little dream and a little team.

Oh, we have a little team.

So it's a little dream with a little team that's global.

That's global.

Well, it's starting little.

But to grow, you need little first.

You do.

You're telling me.

Listen, look, the world's biggest plan starts as a seed.

That's what I'm saying.

And what is the biggest plan?

I guess maybe India Rubber?

I don't know.

Redwood?

Yeah, sure.

One big cactus.

Redwood is- I guess the world's biggest cactus is probably the world's biggest plant.

There you go.

Exactly.

So that's what we're about to grow into the world's biggest cactus.

And we're about to announce a campaign for something that I think is going to shake up, not only the world.

Wow.

You're about to announce it.

I'm going to announce it.

We're going to do it here.

You're going to do it here.

We're just going to do it.

It's a smart move.

There's a huge audience on this show.

Exactly.

I've been doing it for fucking seven years.

And I've- You've already had- Absolutely taken hook.

And you've already had one show behind a paywall.

Yeah.

And go look, keep looking up.

I'm going to make almost $10,000 in 2020.

Exactly.

Well, if you- Here we go.

Here we go.

Okay.

We want the Olympics to be in wind score.

A-S-A-P.

Wow.

Okay.

We are trying- We are starting the campaign.

As soon as possible.

A-S-A-P.

To get the Olympics in wind score as soon as possible.

I mean, how about 2020?

That's- Well, we haven't heard that it is spoken for.

It is spoken for.

Sure.

In 2022, 2024, 2026, 2028.

Right.

Yeah, they're all locked down.

But 2030 is not locked down at this point.

As far as we've heard- Do you guys know if you want winter or summer?

Because that kind of depends on- Now here's the thing.

That would be winter.

Here's the thing.

We don't care.

We will take them all.

We'll take fall and spring.

I guess you want made up Olympics to happen.

No, not made up of the first annual fall Olympics.

And you want your Olympics to be every year.

That's your first annual.

You heard that, Rat.

This first annual- So the fall Olympics.

Official Olympics every fall in Iowa.

That's what we said.

That is what we said.

That's what we need.

What are some of the fall sports?

Because usually the summer sports are hot.

Yeah.

And the winter sports are cold.

Okay.

Oh, hey, thanks, Scott.

That's what you pay a host for.

Yep.

That's how we're all- I'm merely trying to contextualize there.

Imagine you've seen- Fred is.

You've seen a ski jump before.

Have you seen a ski jump before?

Let me think.

Let me look back through the recesses of my mind.

Yeah.

And comb through all of my memories to see if I've ever seen a ski jump.

Oh, there's one.

Yes, I am.

I went to Lake Plast at one time to blow a guy.

And I saw a ski jump up there.

Oh.

So you're- You are bisexual.

He is bisexual, yeah.

I mean- That's good guess.

He's also on the spectrum.

Yeah.

I'm on the sexual spectrum and I'm- The emotional spectrum.

I'm on the emotional spectrum.

On the neuroatypical spectrum.

I'm on a lot of spectrums.

Oh, right.

Right.

Roy G. Biv.

Of course.

So, though.

Are you an ENFP?

What are you?

Yeah.

What?

You know- Those extrovert maniacal fingering pirate.

Oh, boy.

My goodness.

Oh, no.

Gino, you're grabbing your little- Yeah.

I almost peed there.

Well, it's not- I have a huge- It's hard for me to know the rips.

I have to- I have to put a WAMO Frisbee in- Perpendicular in order to clog up my urethra.

Understandable.

Good.

You're- Yeah.

Oh, it's fine going in, coming out's the problem.

Yeah.

The Frisbee?

Yeah.

You have to squeeze the base and pop it off the top like a pentanist ball content.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

Great count.

Yeah.

We can all agree.

I'm good at production, COD.

Shit.

Ooboo shit.

Good dog-woof.

Good dog-woof, baby.

So, how do you think- I mean, Iowa, especially Winscore?

That's right.

Winscore.

It is not a large town.

I've never heard of it.

That would have happened.

You got that one, right?

Sioux City maybe would have more of a possibility or- Uh-oh.

You think so, but we got the land.

We do have so much- We have so much land.

And we were- We were driving around the other day.

And we were looking out.

Cool.

Thank you.

We have a truck- We have a truck- We have a truck.

We have a truck.

Great.

We have a truck.

We have a- Toyota.

Toyota.

To Koma.

Awesome.

It's a dark green- It's dark green- It's a kasher.

You want a payment?

Wow, you guys are answering all the follow-up questions I had.

What color, what model- Did we pay in cash?

We did.

You did pay in cash?

How'd you get that much cash available?

Well, we've been saving it up.

A lot of people in windscored, we put our cash into a- A Folger's cans.

Oh, okay.

And we put it into the ground.

Into the ground, okay.

And then it comes time at Easter every year, we all- Say, I want- Thank you, too.

Say one thing you want.

You did get- Like on Good Friday or something?

You just dig up all the- Yeah, that's exactly- The Folger's cans and everything.

You've been there.

I've not been there, but it sounds like an amazing tradition.

Oh, it is.

It's the resurrection, the way we do it.

It's dollar bills coming out of the ground.

Just like Jesus came out of the ground.

Everyone names one thing that they want, and they buy it.

And they buy it with the cash that they fund.

And we bought a dark green Toyota Tacoma.

Guess the color of the seats.

Brown.

That's right.

Oh, okay, great.

That's right.

Well, we would have also taken tan.

We would have taken tan.

Bage?

Yeah.

Bage.

Okay, yeah, anything within those earth tones.

Yeah, definitely.

Correct.

I said I would have taken tan after I fucked Anthony.

Okay.

So how do you guys expect to lure people into wind squirt?

I mean, it doesn't sound like there's a lot to do, but you say you were driving around the other day?

We were driving around the other day.

Thinking of ideas.

Oh, it was cool.

Thank you.

It was cool.

We have a car.

It was a Toyota Tacoma.

It's a truck.

Guess what color?

Tan, that's red.

The seats.

Yeah.

So we were driving around.

We were driving around.

I remember.

We were listening to the radio and you nudged me.

I mean, we looked out the window and you're going to look at all that space.

Oh, just miles of it.

Miles is the radio part of the story.

Oh, I'm just listening to a song that we first made.

Our favorite song.

Yeah.

What is that now?

Oh, it is absolutely.

You can say what we can answer.

It's a production card for absolutely.

They're playing that on the radio?

Absolutely.

So you're listening to the radio.

You take a look at all this space.

We see a big, big pile of leaves.

We see a big, big ball.

Is that common out there in wind score?

Absolutely.

Because we have trees every which way.

We have up, down, way.

That's right.

Exactly.

Left, right.

You look up, you look down, you look to the right, you look to the left.

And there's just trees everywhere.

Oh, there's some.

Rotten with trees.

Rotten.

Rotten with trees.

Right.

And we thought to ourselves now, wouldn't that be fun?

Wouldn't that be fun?

To just ski right down that hill.

Just ski down a hill.

And then you just let loose.

And you just fly through the air.

Oh, like a bird.

And then you have the skis on.

And where do you land?

You don't land in snow.

No, because we don't get a lot of snow.

We don't get a lot of snow.

It's an unusual vortex of climate.

Interesting.

Yeah.

That's wind score.

That's wind score, baby.

Let me guess you land in the leaf.

You got it.

I'm sure it's a crutch.

Yeah.

I saw it probably right from when you mentioned the leaf.

Right.

And we will listen to the radio.

Right.

I just found it.

I just felt this from the beginning when you said fall Olympics.

Yes.

Nice practice.

So we're all on the same page there.

So a lot of leaf related sports.

Leaf related sports.

It's all on the same page, page 110.

That's right.

Exactly.

You know what I think that's exactly.

Pumpkin carving.

Part of it.

When you think of a pool, what's your favorite thing to do in a pool?

That's a great question.

Swimming, probably.

You'd say that.

But the real fun stuff is clear in the leaves away so you can do it.

Oh, OK.

The free fun.

Skimming, skis rats, skimmons, skimmons.

These are some of the events.

And they have to be fall based, but based on summer and winter Olympic sports too.

You got it, Rat.

So cornucopia, what would you do with something like that?

You would fence with them.

OK.

Cornucopia, we could also, yeah.

Yeah, you could fence with them.

You could also throw them like some sort of javelin.

Oh, yeah.

Shot put.

It would be nice to throw like a javelin.

We would like to throw them like a dang javelin.

Right.

Well, so.

Right away.

Yes.

By the way, is that what you said?

I said up, up, up.

Oh, I thought you said by the way, I was very excited.

By the way.

For like a detour.

OK.

Isn't that a fun lure?

We were all excited for a detour.

OK.

So, but how are you going to lure the Olympics?

Here's the thing.

Olympics, when you think of the Olympics, you think international.

I think seven rings.

Seven rings.

International.

Seven rings.

The Roy G. Biv rings.

That's right.

Seven rings.

What are those seven rings represent?

They represent in all of the continents.

Yes.

And each color, this is real, each color of those rings, at least one of those colors is in a nation's flag.

Now, that's something that you may not have known.

But there's something that you learn when you're trying to get the Olympics to come to your hometown.

Hey, all right.

And so, we were looking at the food court in this mall.

I'm sorry.

What did we just learn?

That each color of the ring is a color that corresponds to a nation's flag.

A nation on one of those continents.

Yes, right.

Oh, it's just black.

We're talking red, orange, yellow, green, blue, not to mention purple.

Wonderful flags all.

What does the Antarctica flag look like?

Is it purple?

It's under eyes, so it's difficult to see.

I got to go claim Antarctica.

I don't think anyone's ever claimed it.

I want to do it.

The flag is under eyes.

Just like your mama.

Oh, hey.

That wasn't meant to be like...

We're not going to start doing snaps on this show, are we?

Hey, what's the difference between ane arnica and your mama?

You get me started.

I love it.

You're mama, yes!

Man, have an easier time finding my mom.

Oh, you guys have chemistry and it's thick.

It is thick.

You guys are not stopping staring at each other for 21 seconds.

Oh, my God.

Oh, my goodness.

It's thick.

And I'll tell you, we're open as hell, so live your life.

Oh, hey.

As everyone knows, I'm Polly and I like to fuck white people.

That's why I say Polly want to crack.

Jesus.

Listen, we're God-fearing, folks, when we come from Jesus fucking crap out.

It's too much for you guys.

Oh boy, episode 13.

Lucky 13.

Right?

Lucky number?

Sloebid.

Slirp-teen.

Like a number slurp-teen.

7-11 should have a promotion slurp-teen.

Yeah, shouldn't they?

Absolutely.

I don't know what it would be for it, like on the 13th of every month.

On Friday?

You get free slurpies?

I think on whenever it's a Friday the 13th.

Yes.

Friday the slurp-teen.

They should make that slurpy day.

Free slurpy day.

Free scary slurpy day.

Yeah, it's scary.

There might be glass in there.

The sequel to there will be blood.

They will...

They might be glass in there.

Where Henry Plainview's descendants Henry.

What is it?

Daniel.

Oh, that's right.

Okay.

Come on, Christina once.

Henry Plainview.

All he saw at once and saw Judd Apatow and Daniel Day-Lewis doing a talkback after very bizarre.

Judd Apatow!

Yes, interviewing Daniel Day-le-le-le.

Of all the people.

And he asked Freaks and Geeks questions.

Freaks and Geeks!

Which is partially why busy was upset of me, because I called it Freaks and Geeks.

Yeah.

Daniel Day-Lewis on to talk about it.

Yep.

Not very.

I have seen her sittles.

Please don't write to busy and bugger about this.

But that was a really funny clip.

Those guys are funny.

And of course the Olympics were postponed for a year since that episode.

So maybe they might come back on to talk about that.

Maybe they will.

Hopefully the Olympics will not be in Los Angeles, but they probably will be...

Are there...

They're supposed to be in Japan this coming year, and we were all like, is this actually going to happen in the summer?

Yeah, but it was stopped by Japan droids.

That's right.

That is Japan droids.

A lot of people don't know, but a lot of bands are out there fighting the good...

The Foo Fighters obviously are out there.

Japan droids.

Shown in life.

Shown in life, yeah.

They're armed.

Load it for bad.

And you will know us by the trail of dead.

Of course, yeah.

They're all out there.

Doing the Lord's work out there.

While you sit in your houses.

Do you know who's not doing anything soft-sell?

Oh my god.

They're not even a sleeper cell.

They actually are.

Are you fucking me?

They're going to wake up and be soft?

Someone's going to turn the Queen of Spades.

What was it?

In Queen of Hearts, I think.

Queen of Hearts.

Is that what the song playing with the Queen of Hearts is all about?

Juicyun, absolutely.

She loved that movie.

Hey, Dave Edmonds originally wrote it.

What?

Dave Edna.

Dave Edna wrote Queen of Hearts based on the mentoring.

That sounds weird as Paul Shaver writing, it's writing man.

That's right.

Hallelujah.

What is keeping Obama's sleeper cells?

What is happening?

I've been trying to trigger them to wake them up.

It's been like four years.

Has this been out of office?

Come on.

Thanks, Obama.

We're supposed to have Sharielaw.

We're on a break.

What if it happened with Obama's sleeper cells?

What did Sharielaw say?

Sharielaw, Sharielaw, Sharielaw.

Weird material.

Boy, Shariel.

Ever since he landed on his head after toppling out of his garage.

One of his garages.

Wait, what?

He's been talking about weird shit.

I'm saying, I mean, in an alternate universe.

He's one of the cosets.

Oh, what if, Sharielaw?

Yes, of course.

I will walk through the watcher.

What if Jerry Seinfeld fell out of one of his garages?

In his head, it started talking about Obama's sleeper cells.

Why are there superheroes in this?

Be quiet.

Know what ever said.

I only observed reality about superheroes.

How are you able to talk on the moon?

How can I hear you?

I will walk through the watcher.

All right.

Well, that's going to do it for this episode.

That was really fun, but the clips only get better from here.

I want to shout out Lily Sullivan again.

No.

She's extremely funny.

No.

We'll talk about her later.

That's going to do it for us.

Got you.

Damn it.

That's going to do it for us.

Rebel Stiltskin.

We'll see you on Thursday.

Strondigold.

Speaking of strong gold.

We'll see you on Thursday with part two.

And until then, keep smiling.

That's going to be our post-show gets right.

I like it.

Keep smiling, everybody.

Keep smiling.

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Bye.

I can do it.

Do do do do do.

Do do do do.
