♪♪♪ Beer before liquor, time is a flat circle. Licker before beer, time is a flat circle.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang. Thank you to Alan P. Williams for that catch phrase.

A bit of true detective inspired, uh, Mirth. Coupled with the old rhymes about how to not get hung over.

What is it beer before liquor never sicker? Licker before beer, you're in the clear.

Okay. Beer before liquor, never sicker. Oh, that's what I did the other night. Right.

You started with beer? I had two beers and then I switched over to vodka and guess what?

Not good. Never mix, never worry is another one. Yeah, that's good advice.

But you know what? I was kind of like, I'm not feeling it with this beer.

Beer is is, uh, by the way, welcome to Comedy Bang.

Oh, oh, oh. Scott Ockermann, this is Paul F. Tompkins. I am.

Welcome to the best of 2014 Part 4 Happy New Hope New Year edition. Sure.

A new hope. Happy New Year, by the way, Paul. Happy New Year to you, dear.

Do you have any resolutions or do you have any revolutions?

I would say you want one.

My resolution is to join the revolution and, and bring and restore them to their rightful places, Princess Backing Band. What's more? So you got to gather together Wendy, Lisa, Dr. Z.

That's right. The whole gang. And the rest. Wendy, Lisa, and Dr. Z.

And the scrubs. Why wasn't Dr. Z in the TV show Scrubs? I, if I could ask Zach Braff one question, it would be that. If I could ask Zach Braff one question, I'd ask him why Dr. Z never appeared in Scrubs. He's the most famous guy in Scrubs of all time.

Well, are you forgetting Hawkeye Pierce? Yeah, why was an Hawkeye part of that as well?

They should have gotten, they should have gotten everyone who's ever appeared on screen in Scrubs to make a cameo in Scrubs. You have to think that the writers brought that up at least once.

Can't we get every single person who's been on screen in Scrubs from the disorder leaves?

That's right. But Bill Lawrence shut it down to the young doctors in love. Hey, now you're talking my language. Gary Marshall. Oh, goodbye. Oh, he's gone. Wow. He just wanted to say that we were talking his leg. Yeah. Yeah. You have to think that they talked about it. I have to think that. So what are so happy new year and all that shit. Do you have any resolutions?

You know, I was talking about this on a podcast which will be out in a couple of days, I believe.

I'll be on Tony Voldemort's podcast. You can't say the name.

I was just about to say the lame. The lame. The lame. The lame. Is it totally lame? It is totally lame. They're winding down.

They're almost done. I'm on one of the final apps and that'll be out later this week, I believe.

Did you get to meet their baby? I've never met their baby.

Their baby is very adorable. Yeah.

Teddy is her name. She has gigantic cheeks. What did you my what could you possibly have thought I was going to say? I don't know, but it seemed a typical of you. But yeah, what?

I was taken quite a bit of back. Oh, what I believed you were about to say. I like the idea that it's atypical of me when I didn't say it. So so far, I'm still on brand.

Which is why I was surprised. But you were surprised at the thing you thought I was going to say.

Yeah, I don't I don't know why you would go into that kind of thing. Well, luckily I didn't.

Hey guys, hope you're listening. Hey guys. No, but I was talking about resolution. Reson Reson. Reson is a great writer. I was talking about Auslan.

Yeah, from Narnia.

And you know, I would like to be more present in my off hours. I doubt you know, I tend to work a lot. And when I'm not working, I tend to like to have time to myself yet the time I am not working, I should be spending with my loved ones. Yes, it's true. So I would like to be more present during those times. Do you know what else worked too much?

Who's that? Jesus, the carpenters? Yep.

And look what happened. A lot of houses out there spend his time doing all that carpentry. Yep.

Then when he finally he built a community center. Yeah.

Yeah. Yeah. Then he finally takes some time to himself to go out and just like give speeches. Yep. And they fucking nailed him to a tree. So what kind of lesson can we learn? Are you there when they crucified my lord?

Were you there when they crucified my lord?

Sometimes it causes me to tremble. Trembles tremble. I don't know this one.

You know a surprising amount of it. Well, it's kind of a very similar melody to some other songs. I was able to do harmony for a bit. What is that?

That's it sounds like another song.

And we'll all come out to meet them when they're shall we come around the mountain? Yeah. Yeah.

That's it. Look, any you know what? You're right. Any coming around the mountain song. I can nail and it was feed in ancient times walk upon England's past. Which one? The were you there when they crucified? I would say it's probably a Christian song because I grow up in the Christian church and I don't believe I ever heard it. I think it's what they classify as an old negro spiritual. I could be wrong. But we did sing it in my church from time to time. Really?

Yeah. And how did you feel? What is the question it's asking? I felt who was an asking it by the Holy Spirit. It's asking people, hey, none of us were there. Were you there when they crucified Jesus Christ? None of us were. Yeah. That seems like a pointless exercise.

I think it's an investigation. It's like a CSI. Yeah. I think. They're trying to find out.

Shunk, shunk. Look, I got a lot of work to do, Vistip. Hey, look at this guy carrying boxes back and forth from a truck. Were you there when you think crucified by the Lord?

Look, maybe I was. I don't know. A lot of people got crucified that day. If you don't mind, my break is coming. Shout out to John Mulady. That's right.

God bless him. God bless him.

Hopefully he'll be on the show in 2015. Was he on in 2014?

I don't believe he was.

He was a bit of a busy person. Really? There's a bit of a busy bee.

Bigger than a busy bee, but I would like to get him back in 2015.

Which speaking of 2015, we are going through the countdown of 2014. That's right.

We're looking back. A fond look back as a new year begins.

A fond farewell to the previous year.

What are you writing on your checks, by the way? Your checks mix.

Responsed by checks mix. On my checks mix, I'm writing hands off. This is Paul's checks mix.

Still in 2015? Yeah, I read it on the food. Paul and I, this is episode number four of us counting down the top 15 episodes of Comedy Bang Bang for 2014. Now we've been through a lot of different emotions. We've been through rage, denial, anger, except bargaining.

Bargaining. That's my favorite. Tell you what? Tell you what? Okay. If you don't kill me, how's this sound? You bring my mom back from the dead.

We've been going through a lot of episodes and this has been a lot of fun. We've done 15, then we went to 14 and then 13, Smash Cut to 12. If I'm not much mistaken, we continue to 11.

Then two, fade to 10 and it'll leisurely stroll over to nine. Flashback two, eight.

Flash forward to seven. And then number six with a bullet.

Number five is alive. Number four on the floor. Number three, don't tell me. Don't tell me because we haven't done it yet. We're about to do it as a matter of fact. This is how we do it. Science.

And we are going to do episodes three, two and one on this episode. Three, two, one. Blast contact is the season for the reason.

Were you there when they crucified Jesus? Oh, if only three, two, one contact or without. The crucifixion of Jesus every week and the science behind it.

Science. They crucified me with science.

Can you imagine the scientists behind crucifixion? You know, we put nails in this guy's hands.

Were there people that consider themselves scientists that use that title like an ancient Judea? Yeah, in Bible times. In the term scientist coined.

When was science itself coined?

When was it? During the Renaissance perhaps. Oh, they're in a. I fancy myself a bit of a Renaissance man. I don't know if I've ever told you that. No, I you see that movie.

Renaissance. Which one? Danny DeVito. Is that Renaissance man? Yeah. Oh, okay. No, I'm thinking it by Centennial. You like joins the army or something. All right. Uh, bullshit. Should. Pulsion. Pulsion. A new contraction. Oh, so glad we came up with one.

PAULSH. That's right. We were talking about new contractions with the both on an episode a couple of weeks ago. That's right. And I realized something.

I realized that there is one never is kind of a contraction, isn't it? For not ever. And however, is also for how and ever.

How and ever. Yes. How and ever. Have you ever heard Bob Odenkirk talking about Jeremy Irons?

Yes. Yes, I have. And he has that tape of him saying how and ever. Do you don't think that's Jeremy Irons being a bit fun? I don't think he was in the mood to be fun.

That particular story. Do you think it was it was in that story he was aware that he was not being fun at all. And then he's like, this'll, this'll light the mood. I think I should probably mix up a little bit, but never is not ever. But they've taken the apostrophe out of it.

What's ever not meaning? Is that a contraction else and ever else and ever another new contraction else and ever. What's the shortness and ever contraction?

It's. Yeah. Yeah.

The shortest contraction. I believe that's the shortest one.

I mean, there isn't.

I don't believe that there is a two letter. What about eyes like eyes going down to the store.

That is still three letters, I believe. I apostrophe S E.

Oh, I thought it was just. Oh, I'm I'm I am I a poser I am I meet a dog food at that point why bother?

Yeah, I'm yeah. Just say I am yeah Is it just for song lyrics so that they can fit the meter?

I think even with I am you can I am there when they crucified my Lord?

I am there when they crucified my Lord She'll be crucified my Lord. She'll be crucified my Lord She'll be crucified my Lord when she comes She'll be layin him We're about to get into the details we really were that's all but we're not scientists. We're not science All right, Paul Paul should Paul should move on to the next clip. Let's do it. Let's get up a sword Let's do another grip episode. Oh, I love these. These are all by the way These top 15 I think they all fall into the category of graphics episodes they certainly do did we get to the one that you were talking about yet by the way the No, we haven't oh maybe in this top three or maybe it missed the countdown maybe it did. Why don't we kick off our countdown?

Why why don't we do it? Why don't we do?

We should just do contractions for everything yeah any anything that starts with one of the seven who what where why when and how Who what where the reporter questions six six? I thought there were seven. No, those are deadly sins We have six senses and six reporter questions. That's right.

Mm-hmm and eight crazy nights All right, let's get into it. This is on your countdown.

This is number three Number three number three it is this is one that I believe is close to your heart, Paul This is episode 289 the exorcism of cake boss I'm I'm thrilled that it charted so high yes, that was a fun episode That was a very fun episode. Let me give you a little bit of details Let me give you a little details magazine. Please do First of all I thought details magazine went out of circulation many years ago and it never did many moons ago We were walking down by the stoovers path The sewers path yeah or the stewards path the stewards the steward of the sewers ah boy Who is that guy that used to be a very important position in Elizabethan, England yep?

And now just killer crock does it yeah, that's where Batman can always find him. That's right attending to the sewers yep The exorcism with cake boss our old friend Cake boss revisits comedy bang bang. He's not feeling so well well a couple of things happened previous to this episode Previously on comedy bang bang two things happen and one needs to be set up because we don't go into it in the clip me hitting you You hitting the ground Yes, you hit me I hit the ground that's right and then I got up and said let's record this fucking show that's right No, something happened two things happened pre in the week that we recorded this number one number one number one for number three number one was The Star Wars the keepers of Star Wars. That's right Whoever whomever they may be yeah the people who decide the I guess the politicians of the Star Wars universe right the mayor of Star Wars came out and with a with a press conference where he said that Anything that was not one of the six Star Wars movies was no longer canada Canonical canada everyone laughed at him then he said what what then somebody said it's canonical So we in these cake boss episodes have talked quite a bit about the Star Wars books Wherein Chewbacca died that's right because at one point Cake boss communic because with his using his gift to communicate with the dead cake boss buddy Velastro on Previous episodes go back through the recess going way back But he's one of his first episodes in in the first year I believe he talked about how he had been bitten by a cake bug and had gained the power of second sight Yes, and then he was bitten by a cake scarab. That's right and he was able to communicate with the dead now those dead people could be either Real-life dead people I guess that's a contradiction, but people in the real world who had died I don't mean the real world TV series. I mean people but if any should any of them die and you would all know that our IP some of them have but also fictional people if they died in the actual Work of fiction work of fiction or if we could presume that they are dead because they could not have lived that long Uncle Barry Finn is the classic class. How could huckleberry Finn still be alive?

So in this appearance and this is maybe four years ago Four and a half maybe cake boss communicates with Chewbacca Because Chewbacca in one of the at the time Canonical books of the Star Wars universe passed away He was hit by a car I believe Timothy Zahn was the author I can't recall but you got you're up on me in one of those books that was supposedly set in the canonical Star Wars universe one of the sequels to a New hope Empire Strikes Back and Return of the Jedi Chewbacca passed away. So cake boss had quite quite a bit of a conversation now Flash forward four years later the mayor of Star Wars comes out and says those books are no longer canonical How about how about flashbulbs flashbulbs People started sending us this fact as in what is cake boss going to say about this we were Both Scott and myself received many many many tweets from people. Yes. Yes I am lucky enough now to be tweeted anytime anything happens about the bands you two fish Cake the person cake boss Andrew Lloyd Webber anyone who has appeared on the show I receive several tweets about anything that happens in the news regarding these absolutely So I have a similar condition. So this happened at the same week The artist German artist no, he's not German. He's he's Swiss. He Swiss Swiss artist H. R. Giger passed away now our good friend Matt Gourley Mm-hmm who is one of the minds behind the super ego podcast of which you are now a member That's right. Also the host of I was there too on the wolf hop network. He's a very funny guy He had only been on the show a few times at that point and I believe only when you were there I don't think I had ever had him on the show myself. I wouldn't allow it otherwise But I I said let's get these guys together because Matt does an impression of HR Giger and that was one of his most beloved characters and so I I had the idea of what if Cake boss cake boss were to communicate with HR Giger from the dead and we could say goodbye to it now HR Giger had not been on the show before but For some reason Matt agreed to have his goodbye on this on this podcast now We spent quite a bit of time talking about the non canonical nature of Chewbacca Yes, and the clip we are about to hear The more we talked about the non canonical nature of Chewbacca the more cake boss got very distressed You're saying that very method. I'm sorry by the way He got distressed and he he started to feel ill yes, and we're gonna drop in with him now This is episode number three on your countdown. This is the exorcism of cake boss You still feel poorly when before we went to break you started feeling like the non canonical nature of Chewbacca's status you say that makes me feel I don't know I feel I never felt like there's before it's very strange you think it's because You just received this news about I feel like it's gotta have something to do with it Okay, well is there anything I can do for you? Can I?

No, you know what I'm gonna I'm gonna shed the text to afraid the mind. Okay. This is a just in case kind of thing Okay, I think I'm gonna be all right, but uh someone's gonna come pick you up is that what you're saying?

I don't matter of speaking. Yeah. Oh, don't you worry about it study your business? Oh, all right Well, send your text in the meantime. I just want to welcome everyone back. What's your address here? Okay, and shed Send great. Okay, so in any case, I just want to say hey everyone welcome to the show and hey everyone welcome to welcome back to it Or welcome to it and if you started this podcast in the middle welcome to you Welcome to you. Are you okay? Can I feel like that good? I feel like I need to do something here for you Maybe you could shut up All right, that would that would help Whoa, yeah, I feel uh You ever get that feeling where it's like you you like you your limbs shut out your own Like they belong to somebody else like like you're a doll and someone took off the your arms and legs and attached different doll parts on you or something Boy that's very specific So you're a doll sure but she'll wear sure you're sentient and so somebody has like your R2D2 Cake oh my gabell That was a disaster. Yeah And so you're a doll somebody plucks off your legs they put other doll object legs on you sure and then you as the doll you're like oh this feels weird sure I mean sometimes it's a good thing like you get like Hulk Hogan doll arms on you can lift you know You're in a better weight class. Yeah, you have the proportion of doll strength to a whole coke and doll Yes, of course So sometimes it's a good thing but most of the time you're a mutant doll that has just different odd parts Yeah, I guess I feel like that mutant doll. Yeah, do you I'm so sorry. Yeah. Thank you. I accept your apology. So What right now you're just stipulating wildly what it was yeah, I don't know what that's all about Are you doing that? I'm not trying to do it. Why are you waving at me? I'm not trying to wave with you It's like somebody else is trying to show you a load to you.

What do you mean? Why are you waving at me?

I don't want to be back what hello hello who's Buddy what are you nobody nobody? I'm not your pal nobody How did I get here who my name is HR Giger?

HR Giger the recently deceased artist yes the proudly deceased I Don't want to be I'm a narco sculptor. Yes, you're a narco, but you you're the author of the narco Necronomicon Yes, and I am not meant for this world. I had gone on I think that's the way I would have wanted it Wait a minute wait a minute wait a minute This is insane because you're in buddy velastros body. Oh am I yes And yet your voice yeah, you sound exactly like HR Giger that is who I am Channeling no doubt brought back to right some wrongs Finish unfinished business my okay, so let me explain who you are yes If you don't know who HR Giger is you're an artist a narco artist narco sculptor narco school What does that mean I sculpt the dead okay, and if they're not dead I'm They are well I'm done with them. Okay. Yeah, so you are most famously you created the alien in the movie series alien There's no more. Yes, no more of course. Yes and You passed away last week. Yes, I just did and I go to heavens There's no there's women's there Make me suffering the women's there no segregate so I go down to hell okay, and I say to mr.

Devil you're the devil Can I work for you, and he says let me see your work I show him my paintings Necronomicon one through four one of a lady Just getting fucked in half with something that looks like a vacuum hose okay great And he says that'll do pig and then I'm hired okay, okay, okay, and then I guess here I am I I was so happy did he did the devil have to check with his boss yet?

He he went back I died in kick it upstairs yeah I died in Georgia bad deal long story okay. Yes. Yeah, I did know you died in Georgia I knew your Swiss I just a crazy vacation last minute sort of thelma and louise thing, but That's how it's went down So now I think I have to figure out my quest before I can go home okay, so wait a minute you you are working for hell currently Hell incorporated okay. Yeah, it's big business down there now okay So what when you say you have to finish unfinished business before you go home where is home hell okay?

So you want to go to hell absolutely I've been hired as the art director for hell because it was like still Dante type stuff down there looking a little dated I think and I saw I put the new spin on it everybody seems much happier or Opposite of happy, but the same correlation sure yeah successfully No doubt yes successful in your work So but so what unfinished business do you have before you go return it to hell?

I don't know I'm trying to figure out probably something to do with my wife Carmen Marius chef a leg eager my wife your wife wife please don't joke because The laughter is the enemy of creativity. Oh that's right if people don't know you're aesthetic. Yeah, it's very dark.

Yes your favorite color Is no color the absence of color black very close brews cloud whatever You're in buddy Velastros body currently the cake boss Oh You're he's not saying cake boss interesting okay okay Boss oh Hey, did buddy just Get retained his sentence just to say cake is a bit like a whale or a sea mammal where every so once in a while He has to come up for a cake bus air So you're you're a very dark artist you you passed away in Georgia and I hear it was it was the result of complications due to a Like some sort of Chewbacca style car crash was that what it was yes, that's exactly right And it is honorable in both Wookiee species and Our call sculptures to be hit by a car. Do you regret?

Doing the designs while I have you here by the way if I could ask you a few questions by all means first I want to say just two things yes great to be here Okay, thank you and also wouldn't it be great if our rib cages were a second articulating Mandible jaw that we could vanquish our foes with Fant I love your ideas. This is what this is what your art is all about but do you regret making the?

designs for the alien series and not Star Wars oh Well Chewbacca would be so much more interesting if you would design yeah all that fur gets in the way I I think better to have someone with a bisected rib tube and lots of darkness blood exoskeletons are The new endoskeletons, you know of course yeah, do you Darth Vader is maybe the closest to what you do?

He's a pussy So yeah, yeah, well how would you do Darth Vader differently?

Well no samurai looking armor because mine would be biomechanical come natural if he needs to buy it Who among us cannot be Darth Vader?

This chosen few with an exoskeleton those are the men we put on our shoulders of giants You're on my mind like a song on the radio I'll Stuart great artist you're an else to a child who isn't oh?

Why do you think that you're possessing the body of buddy Velastra the cake boss?

I think the way it's explained to me by the devil. You didn't say cake boss Women's Is that it has to be a yin yang matter antimatter where cake boss brings joy into Buss brings joy into the life of many people my goal is to take it away And if I were to say go into morrisi or Hieronymus Bosch it would the universe would implook a bus implode so The theory then is is that cake boss is the happiest person who brings the most joy to people in the world It is not theory it is proven fact His cakes are just amazing and they the Smiles and the faces that light up when one sees them except for you know the cubs yeah They make me happy which in turn makes me sad. I don't which then that makes me happy And it is a negative feedback loop I you know I started doing paintings because for therapy for I had night terrors And this is true and so then I did paintings of my night terrors which gave me greater night terrors Which gave me greater paintings and that's how I became all powerful Why did you keep your paintings right above your bed? Did you I read that you put them on the ceiling as well?

So you can stare at them right before you went to bed. That's true. I painted them there on the wall I didn't even hang them. It's like a Michelangelo kind of alfresco thing Yeah, it was the agony and there was no ecstasy because I would not have it now listen Oh, okay. Yes master. I also made my own bed out of the Ossified skin leather of a lesser race. Oh my well. I guess you have to lie in it. Yeah, you made your own bed Listen, we don't have to talk about that Mike so this is so interesting to me because I had expected to do a show with buddy Velastro who the Okay, well you preempted me a little bit. I didn't eat it.

Oh, okay I expected to do the entire show with him But now I have HR Giger with whom I've never spoken I've always wanted to I've been a big fan of your work Yeah, yeah, nine years old and the alien movie came out and xenomorph xenomorph. Yeah, of course. Yeah face hugger face hugger Yeah, of course. Did you see Prometheus? Yeah, that was shit. I Mean I worked on it at all, but I did not sanction it. Mm-hmm.

What about many questions?

Yeah, I've enough answers to answer questions not answer a couple and then raise a whole bunch more see girlfriend because I am an artist and I should be like all about questions Mm, but even that was bullshit because I don't think they have the answers themselves Yeah, and who are those statue of Liberty-looking motherfuckers?

Yeah, exactly You see grown-ups too. Oh, I own it. I Did I did the production design you did on grown-ups, too.

Yeah under as you did that just the whole general feeling about it I Production about it. Yeah I production designed its general reception. Yes, okay.

Yeah, and I think it's in my finest work. Yeah, I really do Oh, God So my goodness. Well, the world lost a great artist who you oh, yeah, oh geez. I got frightened Why who's your favorite artist?

The painter of Rockwell. Oh, yes Thomas Kincaid. He's dead, too And I've got to have a great time with him. Is he down in hell? Oh, oh, oh dear He's running shit down there. Really? Let me tell you he was a drinker to be sure And so we've thrown back some fire me And are you drunk right? I mean a buddy's drunk. Does that make you drunk? Yeah, I'm 50% drunk right now. Oh my gosh.

Wow Oh, I know normally drink because it brings out The angels in me and I don't like not the demons. Do you see how I'm a opposite guy? Yeah, I get no I understand your game That's part of my deal. Yeah. Yeah, okay, so Your great your great artist the world lost you. It's such a shame We just recently lost you but it's such a pleasure to talk to you I I really want to take the most of this opportunity because we've never spoken before you've never had you on the show So I just want to sit down and really bring out your actors pain And you and just you know, I mean who's that?

Hello sir, oh I already don't like you Sir, are you Scott Akserman?

Yeah, I'm Scott. I got I received a text on my mobile phone first So come down to this place and talk to a Scott Akserman I thought that he was just pronouncing it that way. He actually he typed it that way. Are you talking about my friend?

Mr. Velastro. Yes, your friend who's right next to you Buddy are you in there? No, but you buddy is gone from this place Oh, it's happened. He was worried that this would happen someday worried. What would happen?

Well, let me let me tell you who I am. My name is the Reverend Robert persimony and I am an Exorcist like wait like the movie the exorcist what's that?

famous film series Like grown-ups My work who wait a minute now you're you're the Your you look like my friend, but I feel as if you're being Taken over by a by a strange spirit. Is that true? Buddy Velastro is dead. You will not find him here Well, who are you speak to me demon?

I am Hey, our gig are born Hans Rudolph gigger, but my spiritual moniker is hey really gigger Wait, are you the the the the the the Sydenmardi Croft puppet guy?

I'm not a term puffin. Oh, I'm sorry. Make that mistake. Oh, they will you understand?

Yes, of course. I did would do some more famous HR's, huh?

Yeah, how many more are there? Do you think just human resources?

Well, that's done in dust it that's number one with the bullet You know so far. This is not so bad this exorcism. Well, I haven't even started yet. You'll know where Wait, when I'm gonna exercise you you'll know it don't threaten me. I wanna get to lay the land here I've done over I've done over 40 exorcisms. Oh my god. Yes, that's right And all of them went off pretty much without a hitch very few resulted in the movie hitch by the way, HR Oh sure. Will Smith is one of our great treasures. It also stars. Oh, one of the stars of grown-ups Kevin James. Yeah frequent collaborate and grown-ups to Oh, there's a second one. Oh, I can't even see those film series without no I just assumed that there would be I was waiting for it to come out. I was a consultant on mall blart Paul Blart. Oh Listen, I didn't write it. Okay. Are you saying we were the person that his occupation was mall blart So it was Paul Blart mall blart. Yes Originally conceived and it would have been something help what did mall blart goddamn studios again?

Now look here. You're not going to distract me I want to find out all about you. What was your name by the way, sir? Reverend Reverend Robert Parsonini Robert Parsonini.

Welcome to the show Oh, well, thank you very much. We've never spoken before.

My name is Scott Ocherman Scott Ocherman. Oh, och och Ocherman, but you know how buddy speaks. Yes, I do. I assume that he that was just his dialect. He's from New Jersey Sir is a curious where you from dialect. Oh, I'm from the Middle West. Oh And how did you guys get to know each other? Well, I have a Move my parish. I have a parish out here Paris the thought Coastal Man of the cloth and I have a parish here and a parish in New Jersey and then I also have a parish in Iowa I'm still here. Yeah, so now What what is called you demon to take over the the form of my friend? I have had to do unfinished business on the earthly realm What is this business spirit speak to it something to do with women's?

I for I am a field of them. They make me have a quam my heart turns into a squall Now, how do you expect to take you over my friend's body who's a married man by the way?

Don't go off and try to like have sex with any other women because I really should be getting home to New Jersey Wait a minute. I know I forbid you to take my friend's body back to New Jersey You will remain here and then I will cast you out and I will condemn you to a lake of fire Is there any way to make sure that he doesn't leave the room maybe a circle of some of our let me just get the door Oh, okay. Yeah, just lock it. There we go. I'm a little confused. Why did buddy think this was going to happen?

How did he know what was happening to him? Well, he knew when he was cursed By Satan himself with these supernatural powers that are against God by the way make no mistake. They're against God The only person who could see in the future is God and he's not telling anybody He's keeping it to himself. So wait is the devil in town to Georgia. Is that the future?

Yes, God God is narrating that song. Yes, it's said in the future eventually when God dies and the devil has a new boss Okay, so He he knew that he was cursed by Satan and so he thought he would be well He doesn't see it that way. I certainly see it that way.

These powers are unearthly and unnatural and the on Kola and I feel that Cola nut Chris McLean no caffeine that never had it and never will He feels that these powers are also a gift, but I feel that they're nothing but a curse curse from a hell itself So he thinks his powers are a gift and yet he thought that he would have his body taken over by He thought there was a possibility If things became ever became a non canonical in any way, he's very concerned with Canon Okay, now we're getting to it. So you he sent that text to you and you're here to protect it. He said let me read his text here Reverend I'm feeling queasy Umm Q you e e c y You were able to interpret that as queasy though come to earwold He was typing very fast. No, I think that's just his dialects coming through his thumbs. I'm on a podcast How do you spell that P O D C A O D C A S H T Great Contact there Scott oxerman Mm-hmm a u x e r m i n mmm, okay, that's easy a lot of people spell that as O X e R m a n so that's the official how do you official canonical spelling of it? How do you spell it?

I never knew I just had heard it pronounced but anytime people talk about it on Twitter. They that's what your name How do you spell it a uk er m a well? Where's the X?

That's the point. Yeah in any case. So he asked you to come to To protect he knew shut up son. He knew that there would be a time when this might happen and he might need my Exorcistal services. Well, this is exciting Are we going to see am I going to see and then the listener is going to hear a live exorcism on the show?

You will see it the listeners will hear it if you keep recording. I will also hear it I would imagine you will hear it as well as see it the listener will not see they will only hear I would imagine I would also feel the vibrations of The sound in any kind of loud noises and stuff. Shall we get into all the senses?

You smell whatever is occurring in the room at the time. Is it gonna smell bad? No, reportedly That was a close one. Okay Guys, let's get to this exciting esque exorcism I've been hearing about this for for what seems like a half hour. Are those clanking chains? No, those are your keys I thought there was some sort of like Jacob Marley fettered situation. Oh, just get my keys out of the way Why would I have clanking chains for an exorcism? I don't know All right, here we go. How do you need any assistance from me? Yes? I'd like you to shut up Spirit You are trespassing upon this soul. I abjure thee Vacate this vessel and banish ye back to hell from whence he came By the power of God the father the son the Holy Ghost all his saints and apostles the ground team out there people on the streets of course Rob Janie What's that guy's name? Oh, I always forget his name Victor Everybody in the whole organization. I banished you to hell the power of Christ compels you the power of Christ compels you The power of Christ compels you come on get out there be a sport My ultimate plan which is I'm getting me back to hell I don't want to be here It's a type of hell as it is and I gladly go back all I needed was permission from an official Well have a nice trip and see you next fall of man Okay before I go, let's be friends and shake hands. Oh sure.

Okay come with me Scott ochterman The reverend was Are you back what do you mean about back what happened?

Exactly what you thought was happening your body was taken over by a spirit did I get possessed you got possessed but It was gonna happen someday. Thankfully you texted your friend. You were a lot like texture. Oh, yeah, oh text. I love that show. Yeah um He was you're possessed but your friend came by the reverend persimony. The reverend persimony came in extra I'm going to say good. But then it was the strangest thing he was sucked into your mouth What he was sucked into your mouth and went down to hell with HR gigger. Oh you shake the hell a shit by belly I think I hugo Is that just something that you're saying with your dialect that I don't understand?

No, I don't know who you're talking about. I thought HR huger was something that you were trying to say Um, it's a long story. Anyway, I'm glad you're okay You know what I'm not that curious about it. You know the listeners heard it. Just go back and listen to the show Look like I would have a do that There we go. There we go indeed. There we go fun app That was a lot of fun. That was a masterpiece app in my opinion fun and due to the work of you and matt From front to back. I thought that was a lot of fun. Uh, we we only played about 20 minutes of that but it's about an hour and 20 long and there's a lot of great stuff before and after that It's a very fun app multiple characters Uh, and it was the for me was the debut of the the Revan Robert parsimony on this program another new character The new character. Yeah, and he has not been back since No, I thought he no he turned up again on the the super ego episode. Oh, right?

tight ends and loose beginnings. Yes, that's right. That's right We did uh an episode after that tight ends loose beginnings with the rest of the super ego crew and uh, Revan parsimony returned. That's right. And I hope he returns in 2015. He's a fascinating guy We'll see Knock wood three times on the ceiling if you want Revan Robert parsimony to return All right, let's take a break when we come back. We'll have number two. We're all I get there. Leave this Company bang bang we're back. Yeah, we're back get used to it guess who's back back again Comedy bang bang your favorite song would you say that?

Absolutely I would Why do you ask? I know you're a lover of a weird question.

It is definitely my favorite song. You're a huge fan of You know what I could take or leave all the rest of his work, but that is my favorite song of all time. Yeah, guess who's back back again Guess who's back guess who's back guess who's back guess who's back? Yes, who's back? You're old. Oh, you're old enemy m&m from back at the MTV Oh, it's fun when you squirm. Thank you. You're really 12 guests of christmas. That was a fun episode on Doug Doug Doug Love's movies the recent you listen to it. Yeah. Yeah, people try to make me square. Yeah, I I weird wild stuff. This is this is why I still can't do God damn it. This is wild That was of course Johnny Carson's review of the new Reese with a spoon movie did that continue did your Carson The Carson impression continue on the latest season of comedy bang bang the tv show because you were telling me that you were doing it people were People are like getting you to do it like they couldn't get enough of it like they seem to enjoy it every time gosh I don't remember that but I guess well the director There's there's a couple things that director ben berman who by the way moved on from the show He does he has about 10 episodes left to go Uh, he constantly wanted me to do woody alan first of all So he would constantly say hey do a woody alan take and then he would always use those in the cut And you know what they're funny Um, but I don't remember the Johnny Carson stuff Maybe that was uh season two and I've forgotten it because of how many have done since then maybe so maybe so that is weird Um, he's fun to do although. I think uh was dana carvie.

Maybe the first one to really do I mean, I know rich little Did it but was dana dana carvie took it to the stratosphere?

He kind of does the one that ever that we all do. Yeah, doesn't he does weird wild stuff weird wild stuff. Yeah, absolutely I love dana carvie. I would love to work with him We've tried to get him on the tv shows several times dana if you're listening you won't come from uh meringue county No, he moved he moved here didn't he? I believe so. It's just the time he has not worked out yet Right, um, he has wanted to do it apparently, but I would love to be at him I guess he is. Yeah, what the fuck else is he doing?

He has a fucking kid in me. Hey, what are you in this car?

fucking king?

I'm a character. I'm a fucking Furious right now Hey, paul, will you listen to me dana carvie?

He has a f- he has a f- get down off your fucking high horse. He has a family He has a punch on your broken heart. She'll face this engagements to do Paul come on This guy's riches creases and he's still going out there on the road still can't get enough money Weird character. It's us like this guy. It's terrible carvie is a national treasure. He is of course he is Uh come on this podcast too dana. I would love I don't mean to I don't mean to presume to call you dana mr. Carvey I would call you how long do you think he's had that same haircut really long time, right?

Really long time really long time really long Long long long long long long long I have that in America. Did we go to a break or have we yeah, we've come back from it. Are we dead?

Hey speaking of which let's get to On your countdown. This is number two All right. This is number two. This is episode This is an episode entitled oh golly. Oh boy. Wow. Wow. Wow.

Wow. Wow. We wow wow. Yeah Yes, this why we wu wu wu wu wu This is oh golly. This is this is a very special episode.

This is a very special episode Let me give you a little bit of background regarding this um Jason man tukas whom you will hear on this episode uh, he is uh You've heard him on the countdown previous to this he was doing gutter balls. Eric gutter balls. That's right now it can be told and uh he's uh a great friend great friend of the show and we have a lot of fun when we do the episodes and uh, we got him to a bit of a rhythm with him Where he wanted to do it with Andy daily a lot. Mm-hmm. And we did quite a few episodes together Including one of my favorites of all time number 200 Which was with chip gardener honorary mayor of hollywood.

Yes um who Wanted to become the mayor of hollywood and uh, we just naturally through us talking Jason and I Uh pushed Andy into this convoluted mythology of where chip you really did you really did push him into it He did not expect to do that but we we came up with a storyline where Jason and I were child actors on A television show called zap that chip gardener hosted And the I believe 33 other or 31 other children there were 33 of us all banded together to form a vultran-like um vessel for satan to return Okay, that sounds complicated, but it's a really fun episode and uh one that we just kind of uh lucked into After that we tried to uh, Jason always likes forcing Andy into situations in which he is uncomfortable and unprepared. Yes to This is called in the tray. This is called pimping. This is where you in improv You put you really verbally push someone into a corner and make them go down because you have to yes and you make them go down a road You make them go down a road which they are unprepared to go down and you don't know whether they'll be able to get out Yeah, yeah, yeah one of uh Since episode episode 200 we did another one with Andy where uh Jason uh Said to me before the episode was recorded. Hey At a certain point let's Force Andy to be himself Let's make him drop character and ask because uh if you haven't heard the show before every time Andy is on the show Uh, I was pimping him to commit suicide with every one of his characters And because uh because a lot of his characters do have suicidal tendencies It became a running joke where one of the first ones he ever did on the show was suicidal and then the next one They did We somehow got into suicide as well. So it became a running joke where every single one of my Uh, every single time Andy was on I would casually bring up suicide and Andy would Admit Andy in this character would admit that he was suicidal. Yeah, so in this episode Uh, uh that i'm talking about Jason said hey, let's try to get Andy to break character and ask why every single one of his characters But he said this Andy was not here for this part of the conversation. He was not there for this part of the conversation He was a surprise to Andy And so when did Jason ask you this like before before Andy got there before Andy got there was actually a couple weeks before he said Hey, let's do another couple weeks before said let's do another one with Andy and pull this surprise on him And if you listen to that episode, which I believe I forget What number it was or who was the guest but uh, uh, just look for Jason and Andy in that one Andy turned it around and had all of his characters come in and all Do a cavalcade of suicides. They all jumped out the window up the window So that was a lot of fun. So, um, we Were going to do another episode and and this was episode 274 and this was just going to be a regular episode And let me give you a little bit of background of what happened before this clip Uh In this episode, Andy is playing gill a ventriloquist And golly His ventriloquist dummy and that was all Andy came in with And he said hey, I just am going to play, uh, this ventriloquist and his ventrilo ventriloquist dummy And the dummy is going to be a little bit weird and you're going to find out he's weird. We said, okay, great. Um, we Uh, talk to him for a bit his catchphrase is oh golly. Oh golly. Um, And we find out that golly is actually just a cardboard box.

He's not a ventriloquist dummy. He's a he's a cardboard box and um That gill is basically a schizophrenic who hears satan's voice And and he's saying it himself, but he's he's basically saying He's listening to satan communicate to him and he's saying through the guise of this ventriloquist dummy what satan is saying to him He supposedly met golly on a boat in international waters during murder club as well Of course, those are things that you need to know before this clip. Yeah, now We did not know we were getting Going to get into this but sometimes when jason and and he and i get together it becomes this weird thing So this was episode 274 this is number two on your countdown and you'll hear exactly what happens With the rest of this episode. This is oh golly number two number two So now gilling golly is our by the way, we're here with jason man zukas and uh gilling golly is our special guest here on the show today and Are our special guests?

Ventriloquist act uh from the streets of los angeles literally from the streets of los angeles and uh You've always wanted to be in show or you always have been in show I've always been in show business ever since the day of that murder club Yeah, that's right ever since I ended up back on shore me and golly and I said good bye to him because he was a fish I said goodbye. Now golly. I wonder if you'll ever return to me in another form You said that so you had some awareness of it. Well, I know I didn't expect it. I just wondered Just wonder will you ever return to me in another form? Is there anything that you've ever wondered that has come true?

Uh, I like I wonder if the people in this murder club are going to make it out of here alive. I did wonder about that.

Yo Yeah, yeah, I'm wondering me personally I'm wondering if you're wondering is actually you're taking the pains to make these kind of things happen Well, you're blinking a lot. Yeah, you're blinking like an amount of times that I'm I'm finding unnerving. I've always been a blinker I mean the amount of like blinking and licking your lips.

You're doing is kind of freaking me out Oh, uh-huh. Well, who knows what that's about? Okay, you know, yeah And yet you've done nothing to address your runny nose Yeah, I mean the blinking you're obviously taking care of it. There's no no point the dryness of your eyes No point there's no point dealing with the runny nose. It just keeps running doesn't it?

I wonder No, I wonder okay. I've got a pocket full of worms Okay Um, is that a is this a setup for a joke? Does does golly do the rest of this?

Golly, I've got a pocket full of worms. Yes, you have a whole golly. Okay, so you really did your self a pocket full of worms, don't you?

Um, let me I'm fascinated by I can now I'm looking and there is a pocket that is Riving yeah, not all of them are alive, but some of them are yeah 75% I don't know about that I'm wondering about this murder club. I you know because first of all, and we were gonna let Gil do some of that Okay, wait, it seems like too much of a coincidence that the unwitting dupe who was invited to be murdered out there in international waters would also Rise up and kill everyone else. I mean it just seems it seems almost as if I'm a little confused Did did yeah, go ahead. Sorry. I didn't kill everyone. No.

No. Yeah, that's what I didn't think killed it Golly. I mean I got I mean your friend golly though took care of everyone. No no no no no no absolutely not I didn't meet golly until after that and golly was a fish.

Isn't that right? I was on the boat Gil Wait a minute. What are you talking about? I was in the murder club guilds. Stop it. This is remarkable what I'm learning here Sky, that's right So you were you were part of the murder club? No, absolutely not. No, no and no and what are you talking about golly? Oh golly I put the murder club together. It was a deal with the ship captain Let's snooker some people out here and kill them. Oh golly So this was not a murder club as much as it was you Bringing a bunch of people out on a but or golly sorry The only two members were me and the captain and he died too. Oh golly so just as a let me just say At the beginning yeah golly and the captain brought how many people aboard the ship to be murdered Well, uh, I don't know personally. I don't I don't remember how many people were on there with me I thought that I was duped into it wasn't I golly? Yeah, you were duped into it God how many people were out there? How many other people?

I'm very confused right now. Yeah, you should be There was 33 people out there on that boat 33 people is that because that's the year that Jesus Christ was murdered That's right. It was all part of a plan to bring Satan back.

Whoa Back this is all news. Holy cow. So this was some sort of satanic ritual what's going on Yeah, do you remember?

You were gonna conjure Satan out in the water Oh remarkable. Jason. Do you remember something?

There's some sort of satanic ritual that you and I were involved in. Is that right?

I don't think so. I mean we were on that kid show together.

I don't remember any of the details about it anymore I'd slightly forget the details of being on that kid show almost like every six interviews someone I will say this We we were doing it. We were interviewing someone together.

So by side Gil. I have a question for all right. I'm happy to answer This is very illuminating. I think I know what you're talking about. Gil. Do you remember the ship captain's name?

Did you buy any chance? Well, how would I remember the ship?

You're right. I barely even met him his name was chip guy Oh my god. What? Oh my god. Wait, chip gardener. Oh my god.

Chip gardener. That's ringing a bell for me Of course it is. We interviewed him. Wait, you and me side by side? You and me that we were sitting across from each other in the other studio actually Oh, I thought we were side, but why do I think we were side by side? No, no side by side Sorry chip gardener is the guy he was run over by a jeep Do you want it to be the mayor of Hollywood? It's ringing son. It's very foggy. It's very foggy But I am now wondering if he wasn't this ship's captain because he also was a devout Satanist. Oh That's ringing and I believe I can't help you with it. I can't That's why I'm thinking of side by side. I am just bewildered The plan was to slaughter 33 people by cutting out their hearts And then to kill captain chip gardener so that Satan could take over his soul and it worked beautifully My goodness wait, so you worked you killed chip gardener?

Golly, what are you telling me? So you're saying at a certain point on this boat. Oh god. It is 34 dead bodies and you I all I remember is jumping overboard at the urging of a fish because it seems to me like for this plan to To be put into action part the the final step is to kill chip gardener, but we've seen chip gardener I don't think I don't think he does sound that way. So it seems to me like maybe plan didn't work unless chip gardener is Satan on earth and we just didn't get that. Oh, okay. Oh Figuring it out That's precisely what happened on that boat. Wait, then who are you?

Well, that's golly. Yeah, I'm golly. Who are you?

As we you must you know all the answers golly, so why don't you just explain who you yourself are?

I'm just a cardboard box. Oh, okay. All right. Well, I guess that does make sense. That tracks. All right. Hey, hey, gill. Hmm Are you at all nervous that golly's here?

I'm very afraid of golly What are you afraid of golly is the source of all evil in the world? What golly is Is that is he higher than Satan?

What are you talking about? Oh golly. What are you talking about?

I know you didn't give me ears, but I don't need them to hear Oh golly What if we put the box outside would that make you more comfortable?

Just Okay, my goodness, how do you feel now?

I can speak freely now if you're a little bit better Yes, I have reason to believe that golly is Satan's commander. I'm the glass of water now Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, that was freaky Just drink the glass of water drink it. I'm gonna really quickly Okay, good golly's god. Oh wait. No now golly's inside of you I didn't even think about that. It may take him a little while to assume another form, but he will soon enough Well, let's see anything we want to say without him here would better get to okay What should we say? How did you leave things with chip gardener?

Well, how did we leave it with chip gardener? I don't really remember No, well, we were interviewing him side by side. Yeah, we realized okay. We realized then we were side by side, weren't we?

Yes, we were side by side interviewing him in the other studio That's what I remember. I honestly don't remember a lot of it by remember side by side No, we're not side by side. Oh, no. No. No. No. No. Is that even mean? I all I remember is two sets of genitalia next to each other Oh, no, we were we're not that no, but then why am I thinking side by side?

Because now that I remember I'm picturing it you we were across from each other. Okay, we were across from each other But I think you just remembering the phrase side by side, but what I think you're focused more on that and I think what you're forgetting is Yes, that we had been on Chip gardener's TV show. Oh wait that TV show that you and I were on? Yeah, wait. Okay. Hang on scott the zoom like Scott Scott Scott Hang on. What what what do you oh? Oh my god. What's wrong?

Do you remember when we were on that show?

We went out on chip gardener's boat Wait the chip gardener the guy the guy who was in charge of that show the chip gardener who was in charge of that show He had a boat. I don't know. He was a high priest of satanor I mean what we're led to believe now is that he was in cahoots with uh with gill here If golly chose you to go out on a boat with chip gardener I think you mean the other 31 cast members exactly that's exactly it. We were on a boat All I'm all I don't remember any of this. I just have a sick feeling got I have a horrible feeling. I think I know Oh god. I feel like I'm about to throw up from the c-sixness right now Scott I think that we might be dead what Dead Scott I think that Maybe perhaps let me just put this out there. Maybe perhaps we We weren't on that boat golly slash gill And chip gardener murdered us in an effort to bring about satan's reign on earth And then that has come to pass and we now just exist on an earth with a satan ruling I mean look outside. It's the middle of the day and it is pitch black. You're finally figuring it out Okay, okay, this is freaking me out man freaking me out you guys are you dead?

I am season's high commander And you guys are dead and you are in another world between heaven and hell because there is a great battle Commencing between good and evil. What is that determined yet where the dead will go to heaven or to hell?

Wait as long as if heaven and hell are closed heaven and hell are currently temporarily closed temporarily While the battle determines where the souls of the departed will go okay here forward well who is okay?

Okay, okay, okay, okay, so I understand now i'm starting to piece it together Okay, so you've got and and bizarrely scott we are connected to a lot of these people We're we're a chain in this in this uh, we're a link in the chain I think so I think it is our souls Allowed for satan to arrive on earth in the form of chip gardener cactus tonic where does don't amillofit into all this?

What I wonder is my supreme commander what what no holy cow wait you're your satan supreme commander And don't amillos your supreme This is rich he is the administer of all evil for all creation throughout the known Universes and perpetuity is that why he can't commit suicide I guess so I feel like oh my god. Okay, so cactus tonic this john's about the forces of evil are amassing scott what we need are heroes We need heroes. We need people. We need strong Like who's like strong strapping people people who like who like exercise their bodies to the point where their muscles are pure and good like trainers We need trainers. We need you know, well, you know, you know, who else we need we need like we need some like a man to ride off of the range Like a horse like a horseman a horseman who's been out in the leathery skin route in the out in the sun No, but I also have to have a wonderful way with words.

Where would you find someone? Where would we Like a horseman of the apocalypse almost perhaps it is the apparently it is the apocalypse We need we can't let golly win this Point in what you're talking about if you're talking about putting together a personal trainer In the hero of the west to take on the forces and maybe maybe a singer maybe Maybe a singer or a wannabe singer. Yeah, somebody who's somebody who's who's such with fifties do what mu's who is and it has such a Positive point of view on the world. Uh-huh. This sounds like a difficult team to defeat, but I have a secret weapon Wait, what I mean the you have a secret weapon golly at the very least golly you're being held back by your physical form at this point Yes, that is correct. I have out lasted the usefulness of this body. What does that mean? I'm like, yeah No, why are you standing up that time has come wait? What is happening?

Oh my god Okay, okay, listen to this what just happened was That was gill slash golly jumped out the window. Okay, which we have never seen anything like I don't remember. I can't remember ever seen somebody jump out the earwif studios window I don't think I'll ever see it again, but interestingly Interestingly, he his his his gills buddy hits of ground body split into nothing Yeah, it's just so like it went into dust and a winged demon Flew off into the darkness because even though it is two o'clock in the afternoon It is pitch black with like like red skies Yes with like lah it looks like lava is dripping from the sky and he grew like leathery skin Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, like jutted out of his body with like sharp spikes and then I don't know if you caught this scott I may have but he said as he was flying off into the distance. Uh-huh. Hail dondamillo Hail dondamillo. He said hail dondamillo. I did miss that I didn't but I didn't know if the mics caught it so I wanted to say it Thank you and i'll be honest with you that filled me that made my blood run cold Oh my because the idea that somewhere out there dondamillo is running We need to amass a team of heroes I'm a team because this is bad for a battle is coming for the for the souls of humanity It's being waged right now. Look at these skies. I know this is terrible. This is terrible. Wait. Do you hear that outside?

I hear like a clangy clangy outside Yep, I hear the sound of someone walking or the sound of keys on a wood table. Yeah, I'm not sure what but it sounds like spurs Oh, yeah, come on Did I just call the booking agent or what happened gentlemen is me?

Dalton Wilcox poet laureate of the west Thank god. That's right. I want you to know that my book you must buy your wife at least as much jewellery as you buy your horse and other poems and observations humerus and otherwise from a life on the range is now available for the kindle Okay, all right. Well, that's not very long. Okay, it's all time. Yeah, secondarily It sounds as though the time has come for the great battle between good and evil. Yeah, what it says It's all I mean, it's clearly the time is not the evil Chiamaret and dondamillo and satan in the form of chip gardener.

So you know all golly. Oh, yes Bill Carter and I have known about this a long time you have because we were gonna catch you up on everything no need You've been fighting vampires this whole time like almost like demons on earth. So is that why you're so experienced at this?

That's right. Bill and I have been training and uh, he's been training you. He's not a physical trainer. Holy shit Holy shit. He's been training stars for the battle to come between good and evil Wait, but what can we do? How can we help?

What can two dead people do to help you this space that you are in right now is a Conduit a meeting place for the forces of good and the forces of evil And if uh, if we you can convene here in this place all the forces of good we can put our We put our army together and rise up. Let me ask you this.

Yeah We've got you. Yeah, we've got um, we've got bill, uh bill Carter We probably have hot dog Do we have hot dog? I hope hot dogs part of this battle. I don't I don't I mean his hot dog have value I'm not entirely sure what an ass dead hot dog would be well doesn't he have such a beautiful singing voice that the The demons of hell would cry at the very oh, I know who we need what's that? We need that guy who's a comedian for kids parties Which one is that i'm not remembering him a comedian for kids party He has a comedy act, but it's it's it's completely inappropriate for children's parties. I don't really Oh I don't recall. Oh my god. Okay. Forget it. Forget it. Not him. Not him. Well, uh, I really thought everybody's gonna get on board for that one Nope I don't remember him. Okay. Let me tell you this. Let me solemnly swear to you You Jason and I will ban these people together and we will fight this battle alongside of you. We Know no limits. We are here. We will I will die again For this to come. I will I'm like I want I will be the agent colson to your avengers I will happily lay down my life I do not fear death as I have already died once and from this moment on We shall wage this war with you. What do you say?

I'll get to work on a poem Oh, maybe that's it. Maybe that's not necessary, but we will wage this war bet We need a battle cry. Yes. You must buy your wife at least You buy your horse Another pose in observation, don't it?

Puporous or otherwise I'm bad. I'm bad. I'm bad. I'm a kid Her battle cry cannot be a promotion A blog for your book. Why not? I'm gay Especially on the on the kindle. I'll say it. That these are the end times Throw available on the nook wait Somebody's at the door. Oh my god. Is it good or is it evil?

Who is that? Oh my god? It's To be continued To be continued BBC we have never done that before on the show Yeah, I remember how strange that was when I was listening to it Yes, we basically got into a position where we knew we were at the end of the show. We didn't know how to end it and so We had something very dramatic end and then we all screamed and then we looked at each other and said I think that's it. Maybe this is a cliffhanger And we didn't quite know how to end that particular episode So That was episode 274 and You know, that was the end and people expected on episode That we were then going to do the second part, right? We did not do that. It works. We did not know what to do So that was number two on the countdown. That was a you know a great tour de force of Andy daily, of course and Was that was it in this episode or was it in the sequel to this episode Where he kept saying he didn't want ogolly to be the name of the episode That's the sequel sequel. Oh because ogolly you devil So Uh, yeah, there is a sequel to that episode, but we don't need to talk about that Um, when we come back because no one liked it obviously no one liked it when we come back We'll have number one on the countdown after this Comedy bang bang we're back. Oh, yeah, we're at now. Yeah Oh my god, I'm after a perfect picture And not a picture a no sure why wouldn't he shatter when he tried to break through the Well, think that the wall would be stronger than this picture Isn't that his arms he's leading with his arms his arms are so powerful. Maybe his arms are made of diamond Got on like a diamond got i'm like a diamond And you know diamonds can cut brick They are the sharpest that's right thing known to man Um, where are we talking about? Oh, yeah, I hate kool-aid Let's talk about him for a little bit more. Um, we're back here. This it's that magic moment That magic moment When we're at number one in the countdown Terrible now we're singing just to do it. Yeah, we are right. I don't know, but I enjoy singing I enjoy singing too scott You know, jimmy parto and I've talked about an all singing episode of never not funny We have never done it before what would that be?

I think it would be an hour of us just like the Chicago songs Yeah, probably and that one many patinkin song these things Which one is that coffee in a car?

Coffee I think she said coffee. I know she said Wait, wait, what's a car boy?

What is that?

Are you doing a little song from uh home?

He does that in that song in the recorded version. Why?

He goes back and forth from all these different characters.

So one of them is a monster What one of them I believe is a new york gentleman who's probably a fry cook at this place And when he's going coffee that is a woman. I believe a waitress who works at the place Oh, I say so he's going back and forth from these two voices Because that's what people wanted out of a man. He patinkin song at the time was him Much like in follies if you've heard his buddy's blues from follies sure I have I guess she really loves me I love her she says shallover Shallover twist Do you like all of her twist but you think that uh, you know, he's not shallow enough So that's the bottom shallover twist Uh more gruel kindser and what about a little bit of gucci I I'm so glad I am glad for the listening audience so they couldn't see the gesture that you made when you said a little gucci A little gucci hey a little gucci a little bit gucci Well Welp, this is it man. This is it before the break. We heard number two. We heard uh, oh golly which was a cliffhanger and uh, you know what?

That's the end of that, you know, we're probably like those we're never you'll have to go investigate the resolution of that And you should on some other episode of this podcast because we have to get to number one on our countdown That's right number one. What do you think this might be?

Well the best episode Right Are you saying this is prize upset and the worst episode has been voted number one I'm doing my Nate dog rip Impression from the the next episode is that famous song?

Do you wait a minute? You know that what you're talking You know that m&m song really well, but you don't know the next you don't know the next episode. No my favorite song Hold up Yeah Yeah, so who's back back again? I can lose that forever and ever and ever I lose interest. You really ought to get into more gangster rap, especially the west coast variety if you like that so much Bebo Baldroid A worthy successor to low box the only other bald person in the star wars universe. What a mace windu Oh, that's true. Yeah, and I guess was grandma tarkin was he bald grandma tarkin at a wig The gray wig With a knitting needle stuck in there I guess see three p.o's bald For that matter arty-doo-two As well as baldroid, um All right, let's get to number one Everyone's wondering what could it be what could it be? I know I am Well, guess what it's episode 300 Oh golly you devil oh The conclusion of the cliffhanger so you don't have to investigate what you don't I was this is it right now. You got me. Uh, you got me because I didn't know I had no prior knowledge What any of the episodes were you know and you never will So Even if I listen to these best episodes you will never In your dumb brain you will never put the pieces together what why dumb brain dumb brain dumb brain another solid droid and dumb brain They're a new c3b on our 2d2 dumb brain I say I say dumb brain wait, so that's baldroid the one that we saw in the trailer as the english accent. Where's my twist? Where's my toupee?

You just look baldroid just looks like a person if baldroid doesn't talk like that now in the new stars I'm gonna be really disappointed. Do you think now? Do you think that baldroid?

He's he's a piece of beef boop robot, right? I'm imagine he would be yeah. Oh if he's not called baldroid And he doesn't talk like that JJ you have made a mistake come on to jaybrims My improv mate that's right your old scene partner You don't know what i'm talking about uh Ben Schwartz Had me on his show snow pants where he has non-improvizers Improvise with improvisers we talk about it a lot on the solo bolo and It was me and jj Abrams and guess who was great at improv jj Abrams great at everything uh that be Good ball droid i say there is a guy named frank palesky who is the third Yeah, I believe so who puts together he does these really wonderful uh videos videoizations he calls them hmm of uh Of this very podcast a lot of times the freestyle rap he'll he put together a super kind of amy polers raps i believe and he does uh What other ones does he does oh he did the yes the one you're about to talk about he has done on numerous occasions he has taken audio of us doing the star wars cantina theme and uh Put that over video and i star wars yes, and i have in various other things And i have on my on my youtube channel Uh paul f tomkins go to my youtube channel. I have a playlist that's called the cantina And it's everyone that he has done. Oh, i gotta see that i didn't know you're watching I gotta get one of those while i look forward to your text on how much you enjoy it I'll text him he's the one who made it You're just the server i collected them all into a playlist Don't i get credit for that i ball droid i got a roll on out of here Oh if he would have he sounds like that hey i balled i wouldn't like that i thought i'd over he think there'll be anything weirdly cute like uh Jar jar in the star wars things I can't imagine there would be think they have to be going really far on the other i'm there will be some comedy though I think they'll be they'll go far the other way and something that's just disgusting Like a thing you don't want to look at just a thing that's like got pustules In weeping sores and constantly mucus is coming out of its like no strolls jabber the huts mom Uh will be there and like with our open lab and mabba and jabba will be coming out of the mabba that will see his wide vagina See his birth even though it's in the future. Well it'll be video Yeah, they're good look at they're gonna gather around look at a video of shop Han and jubaka yeah, there you go. See this hey chewy get over here Do you think that the the the actors will reprise their performances from the original star wars movies because they've changed their personalities a lot Yeah, kerry fisher is now like sort of a little more sardonic than she was back there. That's right and han Uh, uh is more of a grump. Yeah now But I guess he was grumpy in the star wars movies Yeah, but but he was young he was young enough that it didn't seem grumpy It seemed like he seemed like a cool dude. Is that what it is?

Han Solo's performance hasn't changed. He's just aged to where now he just looks like a grumpy old man. Yeah, that's exactly right Well, I look forward to that 45 minute scene where they watch job Yep It's pretty easy as labors go. Yep. That's not so bad. Not so bad. Do you think it was natural?

No, I think it was a c-section. Oh You have to you know those huts. They're a lot like boston terriers. They cannot be born without a c-section Is that true? That is true my friend. Why can't boston terriers be born natural?

something to do with their The proportions of their body. It's an unfortunate part of the boston, which which it's not that they're like biting on the way out God But they're puppies. They're like little tiny puppies. No, it's something to do with the the way the the mother The construction of their body. I believe I now to be fair I'm talking from a position of ignorance. Oh good on this.

I own a boston terrier. Oh, let me say stuff Here's what I heard it was is that a gypsy cursed boston terriers They know directly to the uterus Yeah, but no, that's that's one of the unfortunate things and why You shouldn't try to get a bread boston terrier because it's kind of inhumane to To keep making them as far as I know this is what I've heard and I if I'm wrong correct me and I will by the way speaking of corrections Uh from episode one are you opening the department of the correction? I can correction to department office um Kansas in mountain time. I looked it up. Mm-hmm. Remember when we sang of course I do remember uh that wonderful song look it up scottie look it up scottie look it up scottie Look at the scottie look the best part was you as you were typing singing you were stopping to clap Well, you gave me the encouragement I needed to look it up And the very first thing said Said canesus in mountain time and I assumed that man all of canesus was in mountain time Apparently what I had looked up was the fact that only four counties Where in canesus are in mountain time? Otherwise, they're central timers. Why is there a scent? That is odd Isn't that is very odd weird weird wild stuff?

Why why bother? I wonder yeah, and I wonder if the people in these counties just say can we just please be intent all of our neighbors Hey You know what all of our neighbors get their tv earlier than us can we please just be Please please It's very bizarre how bizarre how bizarre as omc once how bizarre Got engineer kody salmon that one. Ah, he loved it. Um, it's a rare Currents when the engineers laugh at the show usually they stare with hatred at us. That's true shaking their fists We're just very distracted. It's a little distracting All right, let's get to number one on the fine. I don't fucking care scott. Oh golly you devil This is the klemecta conclusion to the ogolly saga now When we left off Uh, there was a knock on the door who was behind that knock we won't hear it in this clip, uh, but it was chip gardener Candidate for honorary mayor of hollywood. We talked about him before that's right now. He admitted that he was satan incarnate He admitted that He offered that as a matter of ideas. We did not need to torture him No, he can see it information. Yes. I gave it up willing.

Yeah Uh, he told us he told Jason and I that we have been dead and we're dead ever since we were we were on that zap show as children That's right in 1981 we died and hell was closed And everyone who had died since 1981 resided within a twilight nether region That included kirk kobein and everyone else who had died since 1981. All right. That's what you need to know. Um, What's that don't tell us don't tell us I thought you said tom deloise. Yeah him too One has to assume that dom's father was tom Yes, and that he wanted to name him after himself, but the doctor misheard that's right i wrote down tom classic story Once the name is written down on a birth certificate it cannot be it cannot be changed fomoly So we then uh dalton will cocks who we heard in the last cowboy The poet laureate of the west of the west he wrote a poem to commemorate the battle He recited it then in came hot dog who is a uh, uh, uh Erstwhile singer who wants wanted to join shana na that's right and a skier in the sixties Did you greet him when he walks through the door? I did I said what's up hot dog right there in that very clip Uh bill carter trainers to the star seeking stars.com came in Uh very old man with big muscles Cactus tony came in who is uh shadowing mysterious figure.

Uh, yeah, I kind of sort of an ad camp of don de mellow Yes, and he wears all uh, snakeskin. That's right golly was there the puppet uh he cardboard box puppet and then biren deniston who the royal watcher the royal watcher from a previous episode who I believe bob odenkirk was on that episode who uh wanted to He was not a royal watcher in the sense of he followed the exploits of the royal family He literally was uh perched in a tree across the street from buckingham palace with binoculars Trying to see when the the baby when the royal baby would be born so he could steal it and name it beetle bailey After one of his favorite comic strips He came and he brought the royal baby right now, uh at some point They were going to slit the baby's throat and pour the blood upon a magical stone to funny show from which ex scallibur was pulled Yep, and uh, they were going to bring back the end times Now jason and i bring bring back the end time. Yes from the future. Oh, I see Do go on. Yes They were gonna pull them from the future into the present.

That's right They were residing in the future. Mm-hmm. They were going to back towards us here in the present. Yes Because without a little help they would always just stay there in the future. You've done due diligence put in prekenton So when we pick this back up, uh, all of these people are here and this was uh This we're going to hear this until the end of the the conclusion of this saga We we several of these characters are in the forces of good several of these characters are in the forces of evil And there is going to be a final battle, uh, which we will hear right now This is yes, may I say if you are a new listener?

You're about to hear the end of this episode. Yes. Yes. So not the end end. Yeah, okay, but still you might want to Just go back and listen to the boss listen the whole thing Uh, but we're going to hear it now. This is the klamakta conclusion to the ogali saga This is episode 300 ogali you devil your number one Well, I have to say dalton. It's now looking like the forces of evil are gaining momentum here Let's take a look at the teleboard who's on what side well you have dalton will cocks hunt i count for three Because i got count for it's oh boy because i have a strong powerful i am gotta count me three times I don't will cocks don't will cocks we we count mirror and then you You will be anytime but chip you count for three because your chip your gretchen and the lizard oh and satan for For count for four you're outnumbered at this point dalton because you don't even have any aka's You're doing you're not even like in the wooting clan. Yeah, that's okay. I'm just pointing that I think you need more people I mean I think who's showing up right now?

What would you mind? I'm gonna open the door. I don't know if this is for good or evil This is the minute the person talks though. We'll know exactly who it is. Okay. Hey open it Patrick McMan Oh Patrick to be here. Hello. How are you? How are you doing?

It's been our favorite limerick writer. That's right Yeah, you and I had a real limerick off that one time. That was a fun. Was it? Yeah, yeah, how are you?

Nice to see you. I'm great. It's so great to see what are you doing here?

I've been so much here for a battle. Who are part of this as well?

What's the battle between good and evil?

That's right on which side do you find?

Stauncely undecided the good because I've recently been named Irish person of the year.

Oh the ancient order the happy years. I heard about that.

Yeah, you were there with a really interesting Irish guy. That's right. That's right. That's so incredibly uniquely Irish.

Yeah, authentic. Well, that's right. Well, absolutely.

The president of the ancient order that beary and so it gave me the great honor Irish person of the year and that's a Catholic order. It's an organization of them, the Catholic character. So I feel that our honor bound to be on the side of God. Absolutely. So, so Patrick Dalton here recited his epic poem about the forces of good in you.

Well, I haven't prepared a limerick if that's where you're going.

But since you're so amazing at it, I think you never claimed to be any good at that limerick.

I'm an Irish storyteller and then limerick are a sideline at best and I really don't want to the whole that often. I haven't prepared one or anything like that. Now, here is Patrick McMahon's limerick about the battle between good and I can't believe this. Oh, this is going to be good. I have to remind me so that this is not true. This is not part of it because I haven't got one and I really just came here to fight. It's a well, you know the structure there.

All right. Well, that's the rhythm of one. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.

Okay.

I guess it's time to come over the limerick. I might have done this ahead of time. All right.

I might have known it was going to come up and a great battle is being waged. Oh, in the twilight nether round is where it staged. Oh my gosh.

Is that part of it? Mm. Evil might win.

Which would be a great sin. Oh boy. I tell you what, I really like that greek yogurt by phage. Oh boy. That was a rallying cry. Yeah.

I'll take another crack at a little later. I'm going to have your purpose. Oh, you're going to eat a sec. Is that your purpose? That really may be hungry, legitimately, maybe hungry.

You expel a lot of energy. Okay. Wow. Patrick McMahon, this is so now. Now.

Now. The force is a good starting to take. Yeah. This is scale.

Scales have been tipped a little bit. Where we going on our side now? Okay. You've got your Dalton Wilcox times three. That's right. That's right. That's right. You have hot dog over here.

Here I am, man. What are you eating hot dog? I mean, not hot dog, man.

Yeah. I should have. Bill Carter. Yeah. Also. What are you eating?

I'm having a Luna bar. Oh, I thought you were.

For women bill bill those are for women. That's what they tell you. Yeah. Yeah. No, no, no.

Those like, those are like estrogen in the right. You should not eat those bill.

The estrogen attacks the testosterone and the testosterone builds itself up to do battle with the estrogen in your system. I got 10 times the testosterone challenging the testosterone to make it fight harder. It always. Yeah. It's always making it fight, which you always want your testosterone active. All I eat is Luna bars. Now I'm gonna do that. I'm gonna do that.

He's very on that. On many levels. Very on. I'm at a bowel movement in nine months.

We have a Texas Tony, of course. We have a Texas Tony who moved from the forces of evil to the forces of good. And listen, I might go back. There's no telling. I'm gonna go back to the forces of evil. Texas Tony, you're lady in the tramping that hot dog with hot dog over here.

You're at the other end of it. We're all having a snack. I think that limerick made all of us hungry.

It's like everybody shares a mic and everybody shares a hot dog. Everybody shares.

Oh, God. I am the microphone. Oh, golly. I'm so here. You devil. We have golly.

Again, please do not make that the name of the episode. I will not. We have chip gardener, aka the lizard aka Gretchen, aka Satan on the side of evil.

We have golly. We have Byron Deniston. Here I am. And Beel Bailey, the royal baby. And baby Bjorn. Did we ever figure out where that stone was? Oh, yes. It's on the way. It's on the way.

Someone's bringing it now. Oh, someone's bringing it. Hey, I'll answer that. The fuck I gotta bring this fucking rock all the way from God damn England. Jesus Christ. Is it this is go ahead. You know who I am. Ben, no, come on.

Any more in your life at a party incorporated now. You can recognize him because there's many coats. Yeah, that's right. From where a couple of different coats. This one right here is the heaviest coat commercially available. Anyway, if you want a heavier coat than this, you got to have a chain mail. It's a chain mail coat. It is. It's interwoven with metal in a coat.

I haven't seen you since you did commentary on our season one DVD. Oh, that's right. Yeah, I did do that. How did that turn out? Great. People enjoyed it. Oh, good. All you ended up doing was retelling the story of the batteries, which you were telling there on the episode. Well, let's see. What is that? Is that not what you're supposed to do with commentary? Your commentary on what's happening? We never got anything new. You just re told all those details. This is the situation. I got a boombox. Okay. Now when I show up to work a party, I bring a boombox. I've had this boombox going on. I mean, I've had it since the 80s.

It's a good boombox. It's a Panasonic.

We've heard this. It's a high quality boombox. You can do it. It's got cassettes. You can't buy these now. It's got success in DVDs. You could literally do these or whatever they're called.

They're fucking CDs. CDs. Huh? CDs. CDs. Compact discs.

Sure. You can literally, if you want to, you can't go cassette CD, but you could go CD to cassette on this thing. I don't know what the difference would be. Huh? In terms of mixing? You could take a CD and record it onto a cassette on this machine. Likewise, Ditto on the radio. You could do regoogoo taper cord. Okay. Things are a three. Okay. But it runs on D batteries. Do we know how many batteries? This thing takes eight batteries at one time. It runs on eight batteries. He's got a bag full of yeah. No, no, I'm a wicker. I got a gym every all day. Yeah.

One, two, twice. I have accidentally put the old battery battery. Not even accidentally, not thinkingly, because I'm in the middle of a thing. I'm like, you know, I'm in the middle of a party and my boombox goes dead. And everybody's looking at me like, what the fuck is going on? I was rolling his guy. You don't want to leave batteries on the floor in the middle of the party. What are you playing on that boombox?

I'm playing, you know, see music factory. I'm playing, uh, Lisa, Lisa and Colchum. They're naked ladies. They're naked ladies? You can't dance to that.

No. Anyhow, uh, yeah. So a couple of times I emptied the dead D batteries in a gym bag. Yeah.

We know this. Quite quite well.

1632 batteries in there that are that are dead mixed in with like a battery battery in a bunch of eight. That's a problem. And you can't figure out which one it is. No. Do you ever get a bat?

From looking at it, whether he's a battery tester, a what?

You see, this would solve all of your problems with battery. A battery tester. A battery tester.

How does it work? You put it up against the thing. And if it's got a charge, it'll tell you the thing. Are you making this up?

No, let's call it battery. There's literally a battery. I'm gonna go one step further. All right.

Get rid of the boombox. Okay. Get rid of the batteries. I only want something like an iPhone with a Bluetooth speaker that has a rechargeable battery.

That's fuck that. Okay. Okay. Damn it.

Not now. I'm not gonna do that. This is a bad attitude.

What about your iPhone? Let's have some lattes, you know, all this bullshit. You know, this is the kind of attitude that I feel like tells me you are on the forces of evil. I look, I was told to pick up a giant rock from England and bring it here. Yeah. Got paid three times. I paid for a party to do this. I says, fine. I thought I was going to go to England. I thought that sack contained your boombox, but that actually contains the giant rock. This is so bad. From what I'm told is the rock that decks caliber was pulled out of. Okay. Yep. And I'll tell you, they get obviously a rock sack. Okay. I can not have bought a box, boom box sack. I hope to God this fucking rock doesn't take batteries because no, I think I did not even bring. I didn't either. Did I bring my box in my suit? In a sense, it takes batteries. The blood of beetle Bailey here is its battery.

Yes. I am ready to shed the blood of this royal baby. Oh boy. Into the environment. In the next kind of a Byron. I think, uh, but you're open the gates to hell.

Byron, you're not a licensed medical practitioner at all. I would think that the only person who could really open up a vein would be some sort of, uh, who's this at the door? Some sort of medical, nurse Andy Callahan. Hello. How's everybody doing? Who are you? I'm with Andy with an eye. Oh, yeah. You were on with Gilean Jacobs.

I don't know. But yeah. And I'm a nurse and I work in a long-term care unit. Oh, yes, of course.

And I take care of senior citizens and, you know, a lot of these people have dementia and they're not doing very well. I mean, these are folks who are not going to get out of the hospital. I'm saying, nurse, this is a last stop for these guys. Oh, of course.

Yes. Uh huh. You're here to draw the blood of the, uh, beetle Bailey. I assume. Huh? No. No. No. No.

No. No. No. I don't want that blood drawn. What are you doing here? I'm here for the forces.

Good. You guys.

Oh, my goodness. No. Nurse Andy Callahan. Yes. This is of good. I'm actually here. Thank you, dog. You did a wonderful job. So far, I'm going to lead the forces of good. I'm going to lead the forces now. I don't know. I'm going to be charged. I'm going to organize you guys and we're going to get into a single file line. Oh, boy. I'm going to, you know, because I have a lot of experience organizationally, you know, with, you know, planning out the shifts of the nerve. You know, I mean, listen, the nurses shifts are complicated, you know what I'm saying? Because it has to be a transition between one, one chip ends. You got to pass off information about waiters everywhere.

This sounds very complicated. It has to be more of an overlap. So the person leaving can have update the person who's coming out. All of the waiters.

Hey, I'm working on this table.

Take a little different way to be honest. Very administrative nurse Andy Callahan.

There's going to be a lot. Listen, in this battle between good and evil, 90% of it's going to be administrative and the paperwork. And there's a lot of paperwork. I guess you do. You got to book all the different people into all the different fights.

Plus I'm God. So that's part of it.

It's part of why I want to lead the forces of good because I'm God. Wait, what? What? Yeah.

Oh, yeah. You're God? Yeah. I'm God. Nurse Andy Callahan, arguably the most annoying character.

How do you figure? We haven't heard of. I haven't heard from you for your like, yeah, I know.

You barely registered. Oh, oh, yeah. Yeah. People never talk about you. Oh, is that right?

No. People never talk about you. No, you weren't part of the pilots. I don't think like none of it.

The pilots. Yeah. None of it. Nothing. I don't know. Yeah.

No, I've been over there in the long term care unit of this hospital just watching old people get sick and die and I would just like God. And wow. Just really enjoying, you know, just laughing and laughing. God. This makes sense.

Yeah. Yeah. Whoa. So you've been here on earth this whole time since the gates of heaven.

Since 81. Yeah. Since 81. Yeah. Yeah. I've been here and I'm aware of what happened there where nobody who dies. He can't go to heaven or hell and just dwelling in it. And I said, I don't want to get involved. You know, I mean, let's let it sort itself out. But here we are now in the battle is being joined. So why not? I figured, you know, we've got to come down here.

I'll see if I can help out, Joel. Oh, thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank.

I was going to say thank God, but thank Andy. Thank you. I guess that's it. Andy is God.

Wow. Andy is God. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Wow. Well, I guess all that needs to happen is we need to prick the blood of young beetle Bailey and pour it into this. Wait a minute, but I feel you can't do that. Why not? I'm ready to prick the blood. Well, I mean, your Supreme Commander isn't here. The Supreme Supreme Commander.

Yes. He's dropping command is Supreme Commander. Yeah. No, no, one of us can pretend to know what he's going to do.

I mean, he comes and goes as he chooses. Are you waiting for him to, for him to, you know, to give to go ahead? Yes. That it's time. Yeah.

Yes. Oh, fuck. What?

I just watched Danny Mahoney and Ben Alterman become one character. Oh my God. Holy shit.

Oh my God. The forces of evil are all combining like a Megatron.

They are all melting together.

Oh my God. Byron Dennis and just melted into the Danny Mahoney Ben, Alterman beast.

Everything is cut. What? How is this happening? There's a, there's a all the forces of evil have joined into a giant. They turned into one singular person.

Don D'Abello theatrical director.

Good morning, gentlemen. Oh, this is chilling. Now there is only one.

I'm Satan's Supreme Commander, Supreme Commander. I am the embodiment of all evil and known and unknown universes throughout perpetuity. Since you're doing a time and forever for all time.

Whoa. Don, I should have known that about you. You've been a disgusting human being the entire 300 episodes. So do you separate your essence into these, these minions and these people on earth?

How does, do you divide your body? Is it like a Horcrux?

Oh, is it like a what? A Horcrux from the Harry Potter books. A whore crux.

This is something that appears in these Harry Potter books.

Now that you mentioned it that way.

Or crux. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I have, listen, I know a lot about the crux of a whore.

Yeah. Okay. But yes, I am capable of dividing myself into any number of people to carry out my wishes here on earth to confuse people. That's been largely what I've been up to.

It's just confusing people.

Well, that, uh, Cactus Tony is so mad right now that Don DeMillow is in the room.

You've sort of, bitch, you set me up for that rot water thing.

The police was here and I had no choice but to jump out that window and then, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah.

Oh my God, Cactus Tony, you're being absorbed into Don DeMillow's body.

Oh no! Come to me.

Oh my God.

Hold on, let's turn, let on, let on, let on.

He wanted to be on the forces of good but he's actually just another essence of Don DeMillow's personality. I have the power to subsume people. Oh, now Don, do you have any productions coming up?

Oh yeah, well I'm very glad that you asked me. I mean, I know everything's going to end.

Things are dark. Things are bleak. But do you have anything you want to plot?

Well, you know what they say, the show must go on. Yes, this great battle between good and evil is commencing but I'm still in previews right now for Don DeMillow's production of Disney's Frozen.

Oh boy. How's it work? Frozen? One of the most popular movies of the year. Oscar winner, it's for Best Song. Yeah, for Best Song. How does your version of Frozen go?

Well, we got some girl in there. She's a real hot lady and she's one of those topless princesses and she's locked in a castle and her parents won't let her out because she turns things into ice or some shit or whatever. So she's a hot lady who turns things to ice?

Sure, okay. And you know, she's up there and she's got a song. We gave her a song that we're hoping wins something like Let It Go.

Wins in a wood. No, she's got a song that goes, I'm locked in a castle. I can't fuck anything and nothing can fuck me. Okay. And meanwhile down in the town, there's these trolls who hear the song and they go, we'll see about that. Oh dear. Okay. Any snowmen that come to life or anything like that?

There's a snowman that comes to life. This is just a guy covered in whipped cream.

Oh boy. Hey, fuck this girl. Yeah. Okay. I don't know. And it's a great show. We covered this whole stage of whipped cream during a... Oh wow. That's unslippery.

There becomes an eternal winter and a bunch of girls come out there, snow fairies or something and they look at the whipped cream off each other. You will beg on these details.

It's just really well early in previous. Now the whipped cream, I feel like having food on stage.

Now do you still have dogs in the theater? Yeah, this ride while is upstairs.

See, I feel like the food is going to attract those dogs.

Well, not only that, but I got some real live reindeers that I trapped up in Canada. Oh no. With bear traps. Oh no. Their legs are all fucked up, but they... Oh yeah. Those are only meant for bears.

The bear traps? Yeah. They'll fuck up a reindeer leg. I was looking for reindeer traps.

They don't carry them. Yeah. Over there, black and decker doesn't make one.

You're supposed to be by black and decker? He has the voice of a black and decker, Sande. Oh, that's true.

Anyhow. Anyhow, wow. I'm glad all the voices have got to be so quiet for this because...

Yeah, I mean... I do want people to come down to the passage of the Ufairy Tail Theater and check out my production of Disney's Frozen. Andy, what do you think about this? Andy Callahan, Nurse Andy. Callahan. Well, I'm very glad to finally beat the ultimate evil here, you know, and because, you know, I mean, I really think it would be things would be better if he was gone.

I'm just being honest. All right. Well, the forces are good are here and you're up against Don D'Amel. Oh, Patrick... Don D'Amel just pricked the baby.

The baby is bleeding.

The baby... a drip of blood is dripping down the baby's leg.

Who's getting horny?

If the blood enters the hole that is in the rock, it will open the gates of hell and...

Wait, Patrick McMahon, recital Limerick to join, to rally the troops. It's time for your Limerick, Patrick McMahon! The only thing that can stop this drop of blood dropping into the hex caliber hole of the stone is a powerful Limerick that can combine all the forces of good into one.

Here we go. And once again, I've not had time to work on it.

All right, but...

You're the best at taking a break. That's why you're here.

That's why I'm here. Oh my God!

The forces of evil are one. This battle ain't gonna be fun.

But we've got your prevail. You stamps.com to help with your mail. Oh boy, they're gonna be thrilled.

They're gonna be thrilled. What was the first life? Fun.

Thank you so much.

2000 pounds. A Limerick is more powerful than a gun! Like a gun robber!

Don't... how does that make you feel? There's a poem that a Limerick I just heard. I feel like I'm being subsu-ed. Whoa! All of the forces of good are combining!

Is there any Callahan? August Lind? Oh, hot dog! Get out of here, hot dog. Yeah, we're not doing that. Screw you. You shouldn't have been here anyway. You must be a weapon! I'm not sure what is your weapon! They're all combining into a nurse Andy Callahan.

Well, here I am and all the other guys are a part of me now and that's how it works. And so I am God now and I've combined all the good parts of me. Yep. And so listen, I'll tell you what's gonna happen right now. You can't stop it!

Are you gonna wrestle? I'm grabbing the stone and I'm going out the window!

Oh my god! There's... We're in the new earwool studios where there is no window.

All of the sudden Victor the Giant reached first! First his head through the wall, created a window. Meanwhile, we're on the fourth floor up here and nurse Andy Callahan jumped out.

Jumped out. Jumped onto the back of the giant. Oh, jumped onto the back of the giant. Did not...

Yeah, we thought that nurse Andy Callahan was committing suicide. He just jumped onto the back of the giant. And they flew away. The giant turned into a griffin and they flew away.

So you have a shapeshifter too? They do, yeah. They do.

They do. They do. Sorry, Don, you're the only one left. It's just me here stuck with a bleeding baby.

He grabbed the rock and he flew away with it before the blood could drip down into it. Yeah, I should have known that the creation of a window by a giant was going to be the thing that destroyed me. I mean, this has been a long time coming this battle. Yep. All I needed to do is get one drop of blood here in the hole. You really took your time with it. At any time, anybody, you let Patrick get through the whole limerick and he labored over it. I know. You could have at any point just shoved the blood in the hole. Well, like everyone else out there, I wanted to hit a limerick.

That's the power of a limerick. And that's why he's the best. Number one. All righty. Truly insane.

Very insane. I believe, by the way, a lot of sharp-eared listeners were trying to shoot. And nose for tattoos.

Nose for tattoos. Why don't you come to your senses? You've been out loud in fences.

You gotta whip sweet wind and go to go jing-tongue. It sounds now like the text.

Ray-fabe. What if somebody loved nose for a tattoo? That could change everything.

Exactly. Exactly. That's all. It's not all vampires. Nose for a tattoos want anyway.

It's just a girlfriend. It's just a girlfriend. And a girlfriend.

Will you be my girlfriend? I can give you a little bit of your blood on the side.

How about this? How about every 30 days? Every 30 days. You sucked me into that.

Like I'm turning along inside of blood. Blue. Okay. So I believe sharp-eared listeners were trying to bring up the fact that we should have gone in our improv down a certain route that Jason, I believe, was trying to steer us into, which was Dalton Wilcox, cowboy poet, laureate of the Old West, who has a wooden penis, trying to stick that penis into the hole in the magical rock to block the blood from going into it.

Let's see.

That's what Jason was trying to lead us to. Neither Andy nor I picked up on it. And when I listen to it back, I say, of course. Of course, that's the way it should have ended.

But your green-blooded listeners, they knew. They knew they're smarter than I... They're screaming at their tablets, their smartphones, and their laptops.

iPads, iPods, I don't know any more.

But you know, Andy was trying to juggle all these balls, all these characters. That was a tour de force from him. I believe he does 12 characters at the same time. Now we ask you this.

Yeah. Shut up. How much of that did you plan in advance?

Because, as I think most people who listen to the show know, really nothing is planned out.

Nothing is planned. Nothing.

Like tomorrow is not promised. That's the unofficial motto of comedy bank banks.

You leave it all out there on the podcast because you may not get another chance.

There will be people, if they're bringing a character or something, they may give you some beats.

Like, here's what this guy is talking about. Sometimes you do that, especially on the TV show, will lay out five beats sometimes. That's the most, any anyone, anything, anyone, any who, anywhere, anyhow. Because for me, I think, and I would imagine for most people who do that a similar thing is that it feels like you have a solid jumping off point. If you come in with an idea of, here's what this guy is, here's what he wants to talk about. Then it can go anywhere.

And we found that out, I believe, on the last tour that we did together. I think the, was it the very first night at Largo? I think you were doing a cake boss.

Cake boss, and you didn't have anything to talk about.

I did have something to talk about, but I didn't tell you.

And I thought, well, we'll just get to it. I'll get it in there. And I never could figure out how to lead into it or something.

Is that? Yeah, but it was more like, I never got to it. We were just doing what we do. And then there was a signal to Andy Daley, who was also on that show.

He was supposed to come out. Just come in after 10 minutes.

Oh, well, in 10 minutes, I never got to the thing that I wanted to talk about.

And so he just came on and I was like, oh, well, now I see the mistake that I've made.

But it is interesting. I thought about that, especially for the TV show, because every once in a while that happens with the TV show of someone will come on and say, oh, well, I don't have a thing to talk about, but here's my behavior. And that doesn't work as well as someone who has behavior, but has something they want to talk about. There's something about the momentum of that that can lead us forward into a thing. Well, it's also, it does. And on the TV show, you don't have as much time as we have here on this to just goof around. It's like, this has to be because somebody has to be in a good five or six minute chunk and say, yeah, there needs to be some momentum. Okay, so, okay, okay, okay, let's stop talking about enough of how the bread is made. No, but we know I'm going to get into that. I'm going to answer your question. I'm in more of a Mr. Ockerman, more brain, how about a little Gucci?

We have not talked about the process behind this other than with ourselves, Jason, Andy, and I, but yes, that first episode, the O'Golly, we thought it was just going to be a normal episode.

And then we just started pushing it into these mythological, well, also Andy kept, Andy has a few things that he talks about a lot, which are international waters. He likes to make references to these other characters that he's done. The Dailyverse. The Dailyverse is just, they all share a new and drew universe and drew universe.

Yes. So he makes little references to chip gardener or side by sides or cactus Tony or someone who quotes international water, someone who, someone who works at the arclight, he'll make these little references and Jason and I cannot help but pick up on them. And then it, in that first episode, O'Golly, it got very convolute, not really convoluted to us, but we didn't know what to do with it. So we just ended it and said, okay, we'll do it as a cliffhanger. Then people, and we assumed that people would know we would do it at some point down the line because we don't have a million years to sit around doing these podcasts like you and I do. That's right. Somehow. So then it came out and people really loved that episode and said, oh boy, the resolution to this cliffhanger is coming next week. I can't wait for the episode 275. I didn't even, I assumed it would be the following week.

I don't know why we thought that it would be okay to just not follow up on it and do it down the line, but we thought that people would get it. It did not come the following week and the anticipation for it started building and building and building. And then at a certain point, Jason, I said, let's just do this for episode 300. Let's make it episode 300. And we kind of put it out there on, or I'd put it out there on Twitter because Jason wasn't there, that we were saving it up for episode 300. So, but the pressure was there, the pressure was there to figure out what to do with this. Now we, we're hearing track 15, the buzz saw. I don't know if you people can hear it, but I bet I could do better than that. Pretty good. I thought that was cake boss for a second.

Oh, the laughing buzz saw. That's a great children's book.

There it is.

So, the pressure kept building up and building up and Jason and Andy and I would talk about it.

We would say, guy, there was a lot of stress hanging over us for months regarding this.

And just that underlying stress, you know how when you're like, oh, I got to do that thing, that errand, it kind of felt like that for us of like, oh God, it's going to be so hard and so difficult to follow up with this. But we have to at a certain point, when I went out there to Chicago to do the AV Club Fest, Jason and Andy and I talked about doing it out there, live for the fans and just and, and you know, me not announcing who was going to be out there and Jason coming out and then Andy coming out and us picking it up back there. But then Andy, Andy was going to do it and then his schedule got too busy. So, and I'm glad we didn't in a way, you know, Chicago would have gotten a great show, but I don't know if it would have been good as good as it turned out. Chicago still got a great show. That's true. The ban Chicago? Yeah.

When you go see him on tour? Yeah, yeah. They still got a great show, man. They did. They did get a great show. So, yeah, it involved me. It involved me going back and doing a beat sheet of everything within the O'Golly episode.

And I sent that email to everybody and it was nuts. And then Andy had to go back and listen to every single one of his appearances. That's what people don't know. He went back and listened to every pot, every comedy bang, bang podcast he had done and wrote notes for every single one about who each character was and what their connection, because we couldn't remember the connections that he had made in them. He listened to every single one and sent us a document about that. How many episodes was that? It was probably a good 20.

Jesus. He listened to every single one and made all the notes. We got all those notes. We set a date to do it and we waited as long as we possibly could. I think we waited to the week before episode 300. We finally said we have to do this.

We looked at Jason and Andy and I looked at each other right before it like, oh man, we are really nervous about it. We didn't know how it was going to turn out.

And we were like, all right, well, let's try this. We can always and I think we said to each other, like, if it doesn't come out well, I guess we could just try it again.

And Andy, of course, really came through and did all those different characters at the same time. Jason and I just at a certain point just started having fun and just sat back and watched Andy and tried to push him into all these various things like having him recite poems and limericks.

And by the way, while he's doing 20 characters, one of his characters is saying, I'm writing this poem. He's not writing the poem. He's juggling all these characters. So then when he goes, okay, I'm ready with the poem. That's only because he thought of it in the spur of the moment. So a great performance. And I think that kind of puts a close to the continuity of the daily verse, I think. I don't know that we're going to go back to that well.

Yes. I don't think you should. Do you smell burnt toast?

No, I think that, yeah, I think that it would be, you mean you're not going to attempt something similar to that? As continuity laden with those characters.

Yeah. I think I'm looking forward to getting back to just doing regular Andy daily episodes.

Because the thing is the continuity stuff, the building universe, and I know that Jason Manzukas is a big fan of that stuff because he enjoys comic books and sci-fi and fantasy and stuff like that that does build out a world building, if you want to call it that, of sellers of Catan. He's probably read the sellers of Catan books. And I can see, I can always hear in his episodes, especially the ones with Andy, where he is like, he's delighted to push it in the better. He's delighted to make the world's collide. He is delighted to tie everything together.

As am I, I'm a big fan of that as well. Yeah, absolutely.

But I think Jason takes a particular delight in making and doing that and also at the same time making it difficult for Andy.

Right. Now we've done that, I believe, with other of, if you listen back over the almost six years that we've been doing the show, we've done that of course with the Timebobbies. We've heard that. Cake Boss certainly has a convoluted history, not all of the canonical. That's right.

And so we enjoy doing that in Marissa Whampler, of course, and Tracy Reardon has a very convoluted chronology now in Victor and Tiny have one. And so we're Gary Marshall and Gillian Jacobs.

Of course, yeah. And we're going to hopefully continue that come the new year.

That's a problem. So we're going to keep doing that kind of stuff. But at the same time, what with, you know, I've talked to the Farts and Procreation people, I think we're going to do, you know, we're going to continue to do those things and also continue to do new things.

I like the mixture of it, if that makes sense. And it's really nice that so many of the top 15 that people voted on were continuations of that mythology because it tells me that they're popular and that we didn't fuck it up. In other words, yes. We did we the fact that Ogali and Ogali, you devil were one and two tells me, Oh, good, we we were able to pull it out.

Right. So I'm very happy.

You didn't waste your own time or anyone else's.

Yes. So we're going to continue doing some of that stuff and we're going to continue Paul, you've, as we've talked about, you've been wonderful about adding some new characters to the CB Booneverse. And we're going to continue to do that in the new year. And we have come to the end of our best ofs here. And I want to thank some people I want to thank. First of all, I want to thank the staff here at earwolf, who from the engineers who record the show and put it together.

Hey, hey, hey, I'm talking to you.

What do you say? Oh, thank you.

No, I thank you. Mother fucker. What do you say? What do you say when someone thanks you?

All right. There we go. Phew. That's all. I just wanted to hear Sam say you're welcome.

No, I want to thank the staff over here who, you know, help out with the ads and who sell the ads.

And of course, July, who does all of the descriptions, July Diaz, a lot of people don't give him enough recognition, I think. And I want to thank everyone who's been a guest on the show this year. I, you know, the show, I don't believe it would exist without guests. I think that's the format of it.

Why don't you try that though? Why don't you just one, why don't you just you talking about talking?

Yeah. Yeah. I don't think anyone wants to talk for an hour.

Oh boy. No, thank you.

Once do it once. I mean, the dedicated to the people that said, please don't ever do a solo ball. A true solo. Solo no ball. Oh, this solo no ball. I want to thank you, Paul. You've you've been on the show. I think more than anyone has ever been.

You had maybe true. That may be true.

Didn't you have your 100th appearance? Yes. I have. I wanted to the parents, which and and and, you know, when I came here for that, the people here at your wolf had flowers laid out and also a very nice gift for me. And I was very touched by that. That really meant a lot to me because it's it's I think it's very easy for those of us who, you know, had been doing this kind of thing for a long time before podcasts were a thing to sort of think of podcasts as something that's very easily dismissed. And you and I have had discussions about the disposable nature of nature of podcasts. Yeah, the ephemeral, I should say.

Yes. What with cereal now, I'm finally being taken seriously. It's changing lives. But it's it's something that for me has been a has been such a such a source of real joy. It really has. And like to listen to and to do.

It's been a huge thank you. It's been a huge part of my life and an unexpected gift.

After I've been doing this for a long time. Podcasts weren't invented in the alternate universe where they didn't exist and where they didn't start. I don't like that.

Are you? But can you imagine? I mean, I don't know that we would have had the interesting careers that we've had. We maybe would have had different careers, but I probably would have just continued as a film writer and maybe gotten one of my goddamn movies made. But I just would have continued mainly as a writer. You would have still been a great stand up, I'm sure. But all the character stuff you probably wouldn't have gotten into and probably not. I mean, I don't know. I don't know that I would have been able to reach people the way I wouldn't. I do know. I would not have been able to reach people the way that I have through this podcast. And I want to thank you for having me on so many times. But of course, it's true. It's so much fun. It's so much fun to have you and thank you so much for being a big part of it. And I would also like to thank the audience.

Yes. I was about to do that, motherfucker. Well, I'm sorry.

I thought you had already.

Oh, did I? But I maybe not. I don't think I did. I was going to close with and the most important part. Yes. But you go ahead. Well, Scott, of course, is you're always very grateful to the audience. And I think you always make a point to recognize that what a great audience you do have for this podcast. It frightens my day so much to receive notes saying how much people really like this show. People send mail to some really touching mail. It's very gratifying to feel like you're doing something that is making. I don't want to say making a difference because it's not that important, I guess. It's just a thing that helps. Life is kind of hard. And it's nice to hear from people whether they're saying, hey, I have this awful commute every day and you guys really help me out with that. Or people saying, I am going through a very bad time.

And I've heard from a lot of people like that this year, some people in hospital beds who have discovered the show. And it's very gratifying to know that this is helping them through a hard time. I've heard from several people who got the clap and it helped them with that.

So they can turn their legs off from from bed? No, not the clapper. Oh, I'm sorry, I misunderstood.

No, but you know, from the people who just enjoy the clap. They got the Spanish flu. You know what I'm saying? No, but from the people who just dip in occasionally who don't have a lot of time. I'll tell you the clap. Hey, baby.

To the people who listen every single episode that comes out, even the bonus episodes.

From the bottom of my heart and I am going to speak from Paul's. I wish you would.

Thank you so much for listening for another year. I keep saying, can I do another year?

And then I keep doing it and it gets more and more fun. So, you know, maybe I'll stop this year. Who knows? Oh, it took a sharp turn. No, I hope we don't because this is the most fun I have.

People have said, hey, when are you going to stop doing the podcast? And it is the most fun I have in the week. So I want to continue it and with your listenership and your your support, I definitely will. And who knows what to to 15? 2015 is coming back around. Hey, call me when it's 420 ran out of a new years and we are repeating old ones. We'll see you on Monday with a brand new episode of 2015, all new episode on Monday and Paul, any any final words of your life. Yeah, I'm about to execute you. It was the best of times. The end. All right, we'll see you on Monday. Track 19. Thanks, bye.

This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman. For more information, visit earwolf.com.

The world's dead.
