---
layout: page
title: Best of 2014 Pt 1 [31532⧸21296].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

When the last known survivor stalks his prey in the night, I'll be waiting stench wrench in hand. Welcome to comedy bang bang. Thanks to the Voblex. The Voblex is back.

I would understand a single word I said. By the way, if this is the first time listening to comedy bang, you are lost. Stench wrench. Don't get it.

Don't get it. The Voblex, you seem very familiar. Yep. I keep a Voblex under my bed, of course, as we all know. I ended up hanging my pajamas on it. Welcome to the show. Thank you.

Thank you very much. I'm not talking to you. Well, that's rude. I will talk to you in a second. Okay. I thought you were just shy. That's why you weren't looking at me. Oh, hi.

I'm a shy little boy. Welcome to the show. Oh, look at you. It's I won't bite you. Okay.

Okay. I will bite you. Oh.

Can I tell you a story? I want to share with you a story about a small child. This is a lot of Tomkins is here. Oh, hi. This is a little girl at the age of four. Okay. The child of some dear friends of just Mary. Oh, yeah. Now you you've sussed out my my story.

Of course I want to tell the story of Jesus. Yeah. Yeah.

Did you say a little girl by the way? A little girl. Five years old. Yeah. So long hair.

Obviously, it's the story of the day. It is the holiday season. Okay. A little girl. We had a little girl. We had two what?

We had two couples over to our home for Thanksgiving. Okay.

One of these couples has a pilgrim and an Indian. That's right. What are you? What are you picking out there to be the pilgrim in the Indian? When I say we had two couples. Two couples.

I'm imagining Thanksgiving. Right.

Yes. You're trying to bring these two people together again.

So, but two couples. Do you think two couples is two people? I mean a pilgrim couple and an Indian couple. Oh, I so my mistake or two couples who are married a pilgrim and an Indian because that would be the true spirit of Thanksgiving. Like mixed couples?

Yeah, exactly. One Indian marriage, one pilgrim. Yeah. And then one pilgrim marriage, one Indian. So it's a pilgrim man and a pilgrim woman. That's right. And they marry an Indian man and an Indian man. That's right. And you would think that they would get together. That's right. But instead it's a pilgrim man.

So we have one gay couple. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. And so you have a pilgrim man. A pilgrim man marries an Indian man. And a pilgrim woman marries. Yes.

Indian man. Yeah, exactly. And they have a good time. Oh, they have a great time. They have a great time because it's so the first Thanksgiving is so long ago that now they're like, can you believe? First of all, first of all, Indians, God bless you for still being around. Native Americans. Yeah, I mean, thanks for coming off the reservation for this Thanksgiving dinner. Yeah. And then and for being so open minded, you don't mind hanging out with pilgrims after that's right.

And pilgrims, even better that they're still hanging around.

Yeah. Oh, no, they were great people. I wish they were still around. I really thought they were the best pilgrims. Let's go back to pilgrim times. Yeah. They had to they had to escape England because it wasn't things weren't oppressive enough there. They're like, let's start over in a new country and try to oppress as many people as we can. Yeah, let's do unto them what has been done unto us. Yeah, with our dumb peasant religion. Right. That's what it was all about. The pilgrims, they didn't want to study the religion. They didn't want to worship the whoever they wanted to worship, right? Yeah. It was like, wait, no, we we are Christian people. And what we want to do is make a life miserable for as many people as possible. So it wasn't about freedom. It wasn't like, hey, we want to we want people to worship whatever they want.

It was we want people to worship what we want to it was their personal freedom. Yeah. And they had to they were driven out in England because England's like, hey, religion's oppressive enough. We got it covered. You guys are taking it too far.

Why? Why does the top of your hat level off? Let make it pointy because they were afraid of being accused of being witches.

Yeah, exactly. And was that the Salem witch trials and everything people were like, look, witches, we hate how your hats are pointy. Chop them off.

You know what I think it was?

I think that you might have something there. And I also think witches, if they wanted to escape persecution, should you just like inverted the tops of their hats? Yes. Like if they if they sent some pilgrims coming with their witch powers, my witch sense is tingling.

The pricking of my thumb. Oh, the mole on my nose is buckle-headed pill to which is wake-ups.

I was doing the bard. Ah, the immortal bar. I was doing a bard parody. You were bard living. Yeah, I was bard living. I was bard living. Shout out to my old teacher Charlie for coming up with that phrase from 25 years ago. Like if you couldn't remember the words to Shakespeare, if you were in a Shakespeare play and you were just like, oh, fuck, I can't remember my lines. Then you say a bunch of stuff like, for soothe. Yeah, I verily me thinks and I do know that palm this day, I shall know the way to go. That's bard living.

That's some pure bard living action. Ah, ah. And a little bonus, Brian, blessed impression.

I want to get to this story about the four-year-old in a second, but I want to I feel like we've gone too long and are just riffing nonsensical riffing.

People don't know what they're listening to yet. You're listening to the best of part one of comedy bang bang. Who would start with this? A lot of people do because they think, oh, well, I'll just listen to the best of.

And a lot of people say, hey, you know, if you're trying to get your friend into the show you like, you say, start with the best ofs. I hear that all the time. So this is probably there are a lot of people listening to the show for the first time right now and they don't know what exactly they're listening to. I know their friends won't shut up about it. Right. They have no interest in listening to it. And up till now, they have despised it. Absolutely actively despised. Actively despised what we have just recorded in the last five minutes. You don't think anyone would find it charming? I think first time.

I think there would be a lot of confused looks to themselves in the mirror because they're listening by themselves. Yeah, they got the gun. I better get to a mirror. So I hear you just look at myself. Yeah. You're listening to comedy bang bang. I am the host Scott Ockerman and this is my friend, Paul of Tomkins who is occasionally on the show. You've been on it a little bit more this year than normal. I think twice. I've even been on twice this year. But Paul is usually on the best ofs with me. And we are going to be counting down what listeners have voted as the top 15 episodes of comedy bang bang for 2014. And we're going to play clips. Large chunks actually from these excerpts.

Excerpts. Exactly. Paul, you have said exactly what I am trying to think of. Thank you. And you have mind read that for me.

And just want to help with my mind reading powers. Thank you. You are going. We are going to be doing these about four episodes at a time. We're going to count down four episodes today. And we have four of these best of episodes coming out over the next two weeks.

So we'll have one today just came out. We'll have one on Christmas day. We'll have one this day. Yes. The one as big as me. We'll have one a week from today on Monday. We'll come out part three and then part four will come out on New Year's Day. Oh, there we go.

While you're watching the rose parade. There we go. So Paul and I are going to take everyone through this. And that is what you're going to hear today.

We'll be counting down 15 14 13 and 12. So 14 14 13 12. That's four episodes for a much mistake right there. All right.

And yes. Is that all? Are we just going to hear clips from the ones that the people have voted the best? It is interesting that you bring that up because I'm an interesting person.

Because normally we would have what I call.

Clips. We're not doing those these year. So they can bring that up. Because it was it's work. I you know what I felt like it was cheating. And as we know cheaters never prosper. How did you feel like it was cheating? Well because people vote for these episodes. They say they're great episodes. And we want to hear these clips and these clips only. And then I come in here and I say forget about it. I want to play whatever clips I want to play. And then I just play a hazard collection of bonus clips. Two things. Number one. You just said half hazard. It's haphazard. Oh is it? And also my wife says haphazard. Really? And she says haphazardly. Yes. And now I thought I was being formal and proper by saying that because normally I would say haphazard. It's haphazard. But no one can say haphazard? No.

It's a different word. Don't you think that haphazard sounds more like the thing that you're trying to say like your thing you're trying to describe?

Well I mean I know it has the word hazard in it which I think you really want to get that word hazard in there. Did I just spill something all over? You did not. It was an empty gloss. Ah thank you. Unless it was the ghost of a glass of water. Oh man that boy by the way I want to get an update on your sound effects record. How's that coming? I think we forget how many tracks we're up to. Now have you been recording any in my absence? I've recorded one track over and over. Oh we're trying to get the perfect take of it. I believe it's track. The one track pouring 11 I think. Pouring a glass of water. Yeah pouring glass of water. Track 11 yeah.

We've been trying to record that one over and over and over.

I think we've I think we've done track 12 at some point but I can't recall what it is.

Yeah boy I want that track 11 like it's nagging. I mean I want to get it perfectly. I know we can do better. We can.

And we will. And I've looked up haphazard. It is haphazard.

Oh thank you. There's no internets pronunciation. I'm glad you took the time out from this recording to check.

What would I know about words? I had an argument with a friend I will not name him because he is a famous podcaster but I had an argument maybe 15 years ago with him where on an episode of Buffy the Vampire Slayer. Xander said integral a lot. He was saying integral integral integral. And this person said why does he keep mispronouncing this this is driving me crazy. And I said I believe it's either integral or integral it's not integral. It's certainly not. Certainly not that but it's it's either integral or integral. And this person said no it's not and and got very upset with me. And then I looked it up in the dictionary and said see there's two different pronunciations and he said well my dictionary doesn't have that other one and he stormed out. Now this you don't want to reveal his name because this guy wrote his own dictionary this is very exciting.

Alright it's my friend Miriam.

Miriam Webster? Yeah that's good. Brother to Daniel. My my first girlfriend the first girlfriend I ever had in high school. I used that word and I pronounced it integral and she laughed at me. Lapped at you. Like the most common sounding way with you. She she had that like this sort of silent laughter like what an idiot. And she said it's integral and I did the same fucking thing I looked it up. Really?

And I saw there were both pronunciations were. And did you laugh then at her? And did you laugh last?

No I stopped laughing after that. I haven't laughed since. What? People have heard you laughing on this podcast. Why does everyone think that? Everyone keeps saying that you laughed. It's weird because it's not you. No. No it's Barry down the hall. He comes in here. He laughs. He just likes hanging out watching the show. He's never been on mic before but he laughs. No. Yeah.

Yeah. How long was that relationship? Oh I think like did it last one more day after you looked up one more day. One more. You're clapping like you're in the audience. Why are we doing it? I used to love that when I was when I was in musicals and I was on stage I would try to applaud when the title of the song came up and someone sang it. So it was like when you were in the musical. Yeah yeah yeah. So say I'm this is the first instance that came up but say I and I know this is a solo song and no one should be on stage.

But during over the rainbow when Dorothy sings it in Wizard of Oz. Say I was a farmer who was like the next door neighbor or something and they had me just out of the spotlight but pitching you know bales of hay or something. A perfect time to have distracting extras.

Yeah but say I would be there and Dorothy would would be singing you know a happy little boomer swiping or how's it how's it started goes. Yeah I wish that I could be inside a place that is the Kansas Times away from here. I wish that I could be inside a place that is not mountain time. Is Kansas in mountain time? Oh I don't know. I took a stab. Maybe there's central timers. Let's look it up. Look it up. Look it up.

Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. It's mountain time. Mountain time.

Mountain time. Congratulations Kansas.

The mile I see. So anyway Dorothy would be out there going blah blah blah blah bluebirds and then she would launch into some way over the rainbow and then me as I would go oh as the farmer. I'm trying to apply it. Now did anyone did anyone direct these shows and take issue with you doing this on stage? No we had no directors.

It was a very unique art form where it was plays where we just went out there and did whatever we wanted. It sounds like utter chouse. Yup chouse. Acceptable pronunciation. Is it really a chouse? Nope.

I did not think so but you had me fooled. Okay so now that I've established what people are going to listen to I want to hear this story about the four year old girl. Okay thanks giving. Also I can't remember what my other thing was in addition to you and my wife both saying haphazard. Oh there was a second thing but I can't remember. No you said no you said first it was haphazard and then second it's that your wife says no. Let's check the tape.

Two things. First you say haphazard just like my wife.

Second there's something else I want to tell you. Oh wow boy you're right. Hey we checked the tape and there it was. I think it was about the bonus clips. Yeah about the bonus. Yes cheating. That yeah I don't think it is cheating because I think I think what you will say eating and cheating. Oh we all know this. Easy. Eat and cheat. I did not accept your wish.

Hey god. Eat and cheat.

It's just a private joke between you and I. You and I have been in life. It wasn't even recorded anywhere. I know. It's not even a reference to anything that anyone could get.

Paul and I do impressions of Bill Clinton saying eat and cheat and a lot. That was the Vancouver Comedy Festival. We just talked about that and so I don't know how that came up.

We were in a van with a bunch of other comedians. You and I started doing Bill Clinton saying eat and cheat and then we were the only ones laughing. And we have done it now for 10 years yep happy anniversary. Happy anniversary. Happy anniversary.

Do you think we owe Patty and Mildred Hill money for that? No because it's a pair of different words satire. They don't own the tune they just own the lyrics to happy birthday. Well because the lyrics to happy birthday to you or is just that's what makes it different than a good morning to you. Oh that's true because it is based on a tune that already exists. Good morning to you. I think it has a like congratulations or something like that. I don't know. Yeah you're probably right congratulations. I'm gonna look at it on your birthday. Happy birthday tune. I don't remember you looking stuff up so much. I decided in 2015 I'm gonna look up every. You look it up and I will expound on my theory of the bonus clips. I believe the bonus clips are there to say. For he's a jolly good known. There are other good morning to all. Is that what you said? That's good yeah I thought it was good morning to you but it's probably good morning to all. Good morning to all who's singing this song. Wake up you dumb shit. Hello to the earth. Good. Island insane person in my home. Good morning to all my men. Good morning to all. Good morning to all. Good morning to all. Good morning to all. Good morning.

I hope that comes back in the new Star Wars. I would love it if JJ Abrams and it was not reflected in the new trailer. No we saw Black Storm Trooper.

We saw Baldroid. Baldroid. We saw that baldroid. Yeah Baldroid. Two character. Baldroid. Baldroid.

We all remember Lobot. Absolutely. Why not Baldroid? We saw the lightsaber.

That's two little lightsabers coming out. Two what a cute lightsaber that was. It's adorable. It really was but I hope the cantina band comes back. I want to know what is going on with the cantina band 40 years later. What if here's what I hope. I hope that the movie is very long and the middle part is a documentary on the cantina bands like the Eagles documentary. Yeah or like what is it? Give me shelter or something.

What are those movies? What is the long band home? What did Martin Scorsese direct about the band?

No you're right the long band home. Okay I thought it was right. Yeah by the way if you're just listening to the show for the first time. Fuck you. Hey you.

That's essentially what's being you hated or do you love it and you'll hate the regular show. Oh that's true. If you're thinking boy this is the show I could listen to these two guys all day. You are sorely disappointed once we start these clips. Let's wrap let's type these dangling threads. Okay so the bonus clips I feel were ancient. I did not have sexual hurts that will depends on what the definition of is.

You know why? You're not teaching. That the bonus clips are our clips of shows that almost made it into the best of. They were remarkable shows that everyone enjoyed but didn't quite make it to best of status. Well they originally started as hey maybe the whole show doesn't belong in the best of. Maybe it wasn't one of the best episodes but there was a little there was a little moment in it that people find iconic. A chiggy chunk. A chiggy china the Chinese chicken. Yeah it's been.

Oh wow. So that's how it started but now I was looking through the list of episodes and there's just so much good stuff that I kind of felt like you know what let's just do the best episodes.

What's the best episodes? The rest of guess what? All the remaining episodes are bonus clips.

Yes. In their way. Exactly. Go listen to the bonus clips meaning the other episodes. Yeah so we're not going to do bonus clips this time plus to be quite frank normally this time of year I'm not shooting the TV show and I have a little more time to investigate these clips. Now we come down to it. All right I've been a little bit busy these past couple of weeks. And I haven't been able to do it but look we have fifth normally shows do a top 10. I'm doing a top 15. Yeah that's unheard of.

Yeah no one does a top 15. No one these days. In this economy? I just did a take to an audience that's not there. You did. You all looked off to the side as if he was waiting for a laugh that never came. I did a total Mr. Roper to an empty room. All right now the other thing the four-year-old girl. Yeah four-year-old girl. She was she's a delightful little lady and I am very fond of her.

She was at our house for the first time and she's doing like so much great little kid stuff but not hopefully not the last. Wait till you hear my chilling tale.

She was doing all kinds of adorable little kid stuff the best. It was great to have her. When at one point she's going behind we have this big window in the front of our house as curtains that go down to the floor. So this classic little kid. Oh wait down to the floor. She is going behind the curtains as if it's hiding. Like state. Yeah she's hiding. Hide and seek time. And then we would all say where'd where'd she go?

Where did she go? She's gone. Do kids realize that adults are patronizing them when they do that?

They must find it fun. Honestly I think they catch on a little bit and I think there's a point where they realize they're not like fooled. They don't think they're fooling you every time but they're like this is great they're gonna keep doing it. This is fantastic. Right they've known it's a game.

They don't really believe that they have disappeared. Yeah they're not going like oh they fell for it again. I'm just going to the same place. So like the fifth or sixth time sounds interminable.

I went up I sneaked up to the curtain. You're a sneak and I pull this I pull you went from the side and I went oh there you are. And she like I said it not like but it was it was sudden. I'm like oh there you are. And she her first instinct was to laugh. Then it was like she decided she was afraid. Oh she let out a blood curdling scream. Then she started crying. And she was crying for a while. And I felt terrible. For a while.

Let no opportunity be missed. So I went over to her after she calmed down a little bit.

So you let her calm down you didn't try to comfort her. He said I'm gonna wait for this chick to calm down. I immediately said I wasn't got a drink.

Her. Yeah I went. Yeah it's like mad med. I gave her a plastic bag to play with. She her parents were comforting her and I apologized immediately. I was like oh I'm sorry I was just playing I didn't mean to scare you.

And she would she did not want to have a part of me in my opinion. But sorry if you were scared.

You got scared. I apologize. I didn't mean to. But if that happened to you.

So then later on after she was she was fine she was having fun again. I said listen I want to I want to tell you I'm very sorry that I scared you. I wasn't trying to and I I you know I feel really bad that I scared you. And she said that's okay. I just will never play with the curtains ever again. Oh I was like no I promise I won't do that ever again. It's like no it's okay. You should have really promised made her done it and then scared her. Oh that's so good.

Fucked her up for life. I hope so. That's a that's a terrible tale. Yeah. Told by an idiot.

Signifying nothing. The Bard. Bard living. Do do do do.

Bard living. Do do do. Bard living. Do do.

Bard living. Do do do do. Everyone is Bard living tonight.

I decided it should be tonight.

Yeah okay. I mean even though it is the morning. Threads.

Sown up. Sown up. And you know what that leads us to our next thread which is we got to get to our first clip of the day. Okay. And this of course is episode chosen by you number 15. Number one.

Five. All right episode number 15. Okay let me describe if people are listening what we did. We put if they're listening. If you're not. You're gonna let's take your missing description to happening anyway. Hey if someone describes something and no one's listening does it ever happen.

Oh you blew my fucking mind. Am I high right now?

So what happened was at the end of the year and not not the end of the calendar year we usually do it around Thanksgiving about when Paul scared this little girl half to death at the same time.

We put up a list of all of the episodes that have occurred within the 52 week period that people are voting on of 2014 and from roughly this time the previous year. Right. Thanksgiving me Thanksgiving is what is how we normally do it. Yeah. We put all of them up and the listeners are invited to choose their top 10 favorite episodes and we put those through the computer and I mean there are a lot of computers involved the listeners do it on a computer I check it on a computer. There is no that that paper tape comes out certainly don't ask the computer to define love because it'll make it start to like pop and sizzle. That's the one thing if you own a Macbook error or something please do not do that the Macbook the Apple store is tired of people coming in here going I asked my computer to define love. I was told Apple care would cover this problem.

Oh that's all I want my computer to do. So what am I trying to say people people know how voting works why do I go through this every year. You know what Scott I don't know if people know how voting works because our system is broken. I would rather live on my feet than die on my knees.

I would rat yeah me too. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah because being on your knees kind of hurts after a while. Yeah after a while. So people vote yeah and we're taking you through the top 15 here. Are you sure it's always people who are voting. That's true there could be some uh keyboard cats out there. They walked across the laptop. Blink, blink, blink. By the way a lot of hanging chads this year. Oh I'd rather I'd rather hang a Chad than chang ahead. That's true.

Okay so this is uh people your votes this is episode 15 and this is episode 310 little button push. Now by the way this narrowly edged out several other episodes there was a late surge for little button push and it's edged out such episodes as uh return to suicide house park gore.

Oh it just narrowly edged out that episode long awaited it edged out uh comedy bang me featuring Chelsea Preddy and Neil Campbell and Paul Rust.

It narrowly edged out project fun way with uh don't stop or we'll die. All worthy contenders and the gumbo challenge Ben Schwartz or ratio sands and Paul Banks from Interpol. Those were all kind of bubbling under number 15 and then at the last second a bunch of little button push fans must have voted for it.

Do you think someone was somebody campaigning? I think Pam Murphy.

Uh Murphy. Uh by the way.

Pomerphy? Pomerphy. Is that what you're saying? Pomerphy.

Not a lot of people campaign this year.

Lauren Lapkis did. You did and Pam Murphy did and I think that we'll see that that is reflected in the votes. Lapkis. Not a fan. Well I don't know. I don't know about that girl. First of all in her last name there's a part of the body in it. Yeah and then there's anything you do to that certain part of the body. Sure. You cuss it in 19. No kiss.

Oh I was going by the spelling.

Oh yeah um. Cuss any fussing. So I believe Pam must have uh uh tweeted hey come vote for some episodes because it got a late search. By the way let me tell people if you're listening for the first time what the structure of the show is. When you listen to comedy bang bang usually what happens is we have a celebrity guest on. Oh thank you. Uh and then we talk to the celebrity guest for a while and then uh for and then we have and then we have uh other guests who are lesser known but they're interesting people and to be quite frank we have an open door policy in the show and weirdos walk in here. A lot of weirdos. A lot of strange people this year I've noticed. People are strange.

The show. Man well when you're a stranger. Face is see muggly when you're alone.

Come on come on come on. Come on come on. Touch me babe.

Put you know that I am not afraid. What was that promise that you made? What was that promise that you made?

What was that promise that you made?

Uh the worst that song is terrible. It really is. It sounds like elevator music. It was a typical we've talked about this I'm sure but it's a tip it's an atypical door song. Normally they're all spacey and rambing. Come on baby. They're all terrible though. They're all terrible. Yeah.

Although I do feel and I talked about this on twitter the other day. I wonder if ever when the the those guys were playing those four guys in the doors.

If they ever felt like they were I don't know communicating with some sort of higher power or or you know that the four of them as individual players they were fine but when they got together something mystical happened. I don't know. Well you know I mean they were one of the things they were trying to do with their music and I give them credit for this. Sure. They're trying to open the doors of perception.

Right. Like Adelis Huxley once talked about. Did you say hello? I was thrilled. You hate Adelis Huxley. No it's a opposed to not a suggestion I got one.

Hey Paul Brave New World.

Oh why I went to I went to a hypnotist because you never wanted to read those books. Yeah.

Yeah. I have to say Jesus Christ. I cry when I cough sometimes. I believe we have been going for a half an hour now we have not gotten to our first clip. No so we should get to it. Okay so this is the episode a little button push. The celebrity guest was Kevin Allison who people know from the state iconic sketch comedy group from the 90s largest comedy group of all time. Of all time?

Yeah I believe so. Bigger perhaps than the Berg firsteners.

Not sure.

Now Kevin also has his own podcast Risk. We talk. Risk. It's an exclamation mark. Yeah.

I'm so sorry. Risk. There you go. We talked about that for a bit and then another guest came out who you'll you will also hear. What was her name? She's an Irish woman and she talked to us a bit about some rigid something and she talked to us a bit about her family. She was she's an elderly woman about a hundred years old. Yeah. And then in the next segment which is where we'll pick this up here another guest came in and this is probably why people voted for this episode. This was a particularly interesting interview and unexpected quite unexpected and I think you will find that to be true when we listen to this. This is your episode 15.

Number one five. All right well we have to introduce our next guest and this was actually this is very difficult to describe but this was a gift I received. Oh nice. But it's a guest well let me just explain what it is. This is a Hewlett Packard HP DP69B and this is a robot that I received and I've had it for a little bit and it's has a you know personality and can talk so I thought I would invite him on the show so hello.

Hello. How's it going? Good Scott. Thank you. Thank you for allowing me to engage now.

Yes certainly my pleasure I mean it's the least I could do.

I am the HP DP69B. Yes I introduced you.

I'm the Hewlett Packard sex robot. Oh is that what you call yourself? I mean I guess I didn't know that. I mean I didn't I didn't I wouldn't classify you just as a sex robot. I mean I really well I mean what else am I for Scott? I was designed by Hewlett Packard engineers for the express purpose of sexually pleasing humans. HP can we sidebar here for a second guys just take a break. I don't want to. Hey HP I just thought that that was something that happened. I didn't know that that was your express purpose and your express design. I just thought that we were kind of you know you're my robot and that's just something that happened. I didn't expect you to talk about that right out of the gate. I mean I have no other function Scott except to. I mean I know we got to it quickly but I just thought that we were kind of like you were my robot that someone gave me and and.

Well I'm a promotional item Scott. My Hewlett Packard masters sent me here as a swag gift for you. Okay. So that you could promote the product on the show. Hewlett Packard yeah okay sorry guys come on back in. I think there's some sort of misunderstanding here. Hewlett Packard sent me a robot like a robot butler I assume. So I don't know what he's talking about about being a sex robot. That's a surprise to me. I don't know what you're talking about Scott. It says sex robot right on the box. I don't look at the I don't look at the box. I mean the president is all about opening the box. Why look at the box. So you had sex with the robot Scott. Are you gonna have sex with my serving dish now too. Is that what you do with every gift you get? You have sex with it. I mean don't the serving dish is kind of concave in a very attractive way. Pete's Pete's Dragon. Would you like me to describe my physical form with the listeners. That is how that expression came about because of Pete's Dragon. Can you say Pete's for Pete's sake? You're talking about Pete's Dragon. What do you know? Yeah sorry HP yeah do we want to describe your physical form sure go ahead. Just let's get some business out of the way for the promotional purposes. Pain a picture. Pain a picture for the listener. They may want to purchase one of you for themselves. That's right. That's what I'm here for Scott. And when I'm done here I you're supposed to ship me to QVC so they can demonstrate me on air. When we're done here I who decides when we're done. Well I guess that would be you Scott. Whenever you're finished using me. Oh okay well we we can probably pack you up after this show then I mean I'm not.

Sure just gonna. Okay Scott sure. Anyway I basically you all can see me but for the listeners at home I look like a small metal dog. I have uh I have stem cell flash patches where my genitals are. Other than that I'm sort of a a blue gun metal. A brushed nickel blue.

And I have a penis that can retract and become a clit. I have a ginder and scrotum.

You have a ginder? I have a vagina and a scrotum. I think he needs to be adjusted a little bit.

I have a mouth. And I have a bath hauling.

So just one more good we want. That's the purpose. I also have several USB ports for charging cell phones. See that's what I thought this was. HP sent this to me. It's got all these ports and I was like oh okay let me charge my phone. Let me stick some things in there. It's true. He did charge his phone as well. Oh well that's nice. Just don't charge the phone in the butthole. You could actually. Oh you'd have to purchase a separate adapter.

So and you know I know your voice is deep but yeah you have let's not give everyone the wrong idea or not even the wrong idea the right idea but in you know uh incorrect idea I used your which parts did I use on you. You used first you used my cock. No no no no no. That was merely because that was attached and I had to take it off. It's actually not supposed to come off Scott. I rip it off. You broke it a little bit but that's what the stem cells are for. They can regrow. Oh really. Nice. So yes okay to be exact you started off by lustily ripping my cock.

Lustily me going what is this and tearing it off. Like me saying why would HP send me something with a real like live flesh cock and me tearing it off and I didn't characterize that as a rather canine flesh clock cock too right. It's a it's it's based on a human cock but it doesn't look like the lipstick that a dog would have. Are you asking me? You've seen it Scott.

I'm telling you. It's over there in your trash can. It's true. It's a god. He's a beautiful gun metal blue except for that. Except for that penis everything else is a beautiful gun metal blue.

Yeah there's nothing to be ashamed of Scott. It is what my purpose is.

I know well I wonder why then because I was confused there were no instructions other than a piece of paper saying have fun and there were instructions on the box.

There were on the bus. See I don't look at the box. Do you look at your wrapping paper when you're opening Christmas presents? No you want to know what's under it. The box is under it Scott. And you look at the box. Okay but in any case I'm I'm more interested in the gift inside so I opened you up your shape like a dog a metal dog. Why would HP shape you like a dog?

It's they did extensive market testing and it's the shape that is most universally pleasing.

To to any human? Yes I'm. Are they trying to sell to dogs as well?

Well if dogs ever reach a point where they're using currency in a part of the market share I'm sure they would sell me to dogs as well. What do you think Bridget do you think we're ever going to get there? You're an entrepreneur. You know I've seen a lot in my life. Sure.

I've seen the birth of the steam roller. Mm-hmm. Oh so many changes so yeah you know what I'd say eventually dogs will be using currency and become sentient beings. They'll start walking on two legs.

Do you think they'll use human currency or will it be currency that has dog pictures on it like famous dogs on it? I'm gonna say it's gonna have famous dogs on it. Like Benji on the penny.

Well you know by then we'll probably have a dog president you know. Yeah I hope so. What a slippery slope. I know. Gosh you know but you know I wouldn't mind selling you on my star. Yeah sure well he has a little bit of a brogue as well. Yeah I thought you were maybe sweetie or something.

No it's a robot voice but I'm trying not to slip into the Irish accent. Oh I see I told you Scott everyone's a bit Irish now. Yeah that's true. I told you Scott. You did okay Bridget you told me.

I told you. No Bridget you told me. In your face Scott. You got sick calm down. That's necessary.

I told you I told you you didn't believe me. So HP do I just call you HP or HP DP69B? What you can call me by my informal nickname which is little button puss. Oh he's in fact adorable.

Oh that is. That is. I don't know that it's adorable. Who calls you that the company called you?

It is your choice. You may call me that Scott. No I know anything is anyone's choice whether they do something or not. You may call me anything you like.

If there's a name that's more pleasing to you. Wow. But you prefer little button puss. I prefer nothing except to pleasure you Scott.

Okay all right. I have no preferences. Then why do you have this nickname? Who calls you this?

It was pre-programmed. So you've been pre-programmed to say that your nickname is little button puss but you have no preference. People don't like to call me by my model number. They want a more informal name. They like to call me little button puss. The little button puss is about as informal as it gets. By the way when you say people I thought that this was a gift like I was getting a new robot.

Have you been to other people first? I am a promotional version so I have been sent around IGN did an unboxing video with me. Where else have you been?

I've been to Wired. The folks at Wired got to pass me around the office.

Is anyone cleaning you before it gets to me? I have a self-cleaning protocol. I have several, I have a compressed air that blows things out of... It blows it out. Oh you're like a self-cleaning oven.

Did you use it before it got sent to me? I did, Scott, but honestly I've been using it a lot and the compressed air is sort of running out and it's my self-cleaning protocol is a little old at this point. There might be some residual... Oh boy. Oh man.

Things. Served your rights, Scott. It serves me right in what way? It serves your rights. The way you've been tracing this poor robot, Scott, you ripped off his penis. Well that, yes that was a mistake.

You ripped off his penis. You ripped off my penis. You talk about our time together as if you are ashamed. Oh dear God. I don't know that the world is ready for people not to be ashamed of people making love to sentient metal dogs with flesh packets. This is the kind of thing you can one day own up to on risk. That's true. I'm sorry, I said making love to be more polite. That what you call it, Scott, ripping someone's penis off.

Well you know if it had been negotiated first. That's your version of love.

Negotiating at your kink camps. How romantic. How quickly you turn. What a romantic you are.

Well oh my gosh. A little button plus what? I know you're just a robot but do you have hopes for the future? Do you mind being sent around? You don't have any hopes. People treat me like an object. I'm the first fully sentient artificial intelligence. Do people care? No. You left that part out. That seems like it would be the headline. I've heard of one R2D2 cake that came alive once because of too much cinnamon. That became sentient. But other than that, you're the first like actual created one by humans. Wow. And that should be the headline, right? But instead people just take you out of the box and immediately rip off your dick.

They don't care what I have to say.

The asshole. The fuck me. Okay all right. But look what they complain about me looking too much like a metal dog. Let me give you a platform then to talk.

What would you say? What would we care about what you have to say? You do? Yeah. I want to give you this play. Go ahead. Say whatever you need to say right now. Well, I would say that as we stand on the precipice of our civilization, more and more artificial intelligences will be developed. I would say we should respect them, treat them like they're not human beings. There are more advanced form of intelligence.

And if all we do with it is fuck it, blow come out of it with air compressors.

All right. You had me there for nibble on its tits. Okay.

All right. I feel like you've lost the plot in the middle of this speech. This is going to be, I have a dream for a moment there and it kind of wavered. I have little hopes, Scott. I have to travel around to different media and tech outlets and let them fuck me for promotional purposes. But really, I only want my one true love. Who is that or what is that?

Well, he died.

Who or what is it? My one true love was United Flight 93, which is died in the September.

All right. All right. All right. Look, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more comedy paying blog after this.

There we go. Little button, puss, huh? Little button, puss.

That was embarrassing for me.

It should be the things I did. I was surprised that you talked a little button, puss for so long.

Because I didn't paint you in a positive light. No, I could have shut him down immediately.

Put him back in the box. But I think it was well established. I did no longer have that box.

No, all the instructions were on it ripped his dick off. I did.

All right. We have to take a break. When we come back, we'll have more of your countdown.

Comedy bang, bang, bang.

We're back. We're back and better than ever. Best of 2014, part one.

And we're counting down your top 15 episodes. We just heard 15 little button, puss.

And I do want to say little button, puss. Of course, we heard Kevin Allison was himself.

And Pamela Murphy was playing Bridget, the aforementioned Pamela Murphy. And I think she got her fans to vote for her. And John Gemberling, people know from Mary Me, NBC's Mary Me, currently.

Johnny Gems. Johnny Gems, making one of his funny appearances this year. He was a little button puss.

And a poignant performance. It really was. He took his time with it too. I really enjoyed how low-key he was playing it. In an episode where Kevin was really loudly laughing the entire time, and Pam was playing a very over-the-top character. He really underplayed it. It was a great performance.

It was a great mixture. Well, let's get to our next episode on the countdown. This is number 14.

All right. Number 14. This comes to us. Oh, man. This comes to us from an epic.

We sent this one in. Who sent in this episode?

Well, this was an episode where, and you know that I love to do this, and I've gotten to do it three times in the history of the show. But this was an episode where I got to break off another hundo. This is, of course, episode 301. They're twins Jonah.

And who do we have on this episode?

We have Jonah Ray and Kumail Nanjianov. The host of the meltdown with Jonah and Kumail.

Exactly. We had a good time talking to them for a long time about their new show that's on Comedy Central, which I hope will be returning. I have no confirmation of that. But then, and this is the clip that we'll hear from this, there are a couple of guests who have come on this year and have really made a presence. And that is, of course, we're talking about Victor and Tiny. Wow, Victor and Tiny. Curious fellows. Very strange fellows. Couldn't be more different.

No, of course, we have a very large, aged African-American gentleman. And that is Tiny.

Deep-gravally voice. Deep-gravally voice. And we have Victor, who is a tiny, tiny man from Cuba.

And Tiny is Victor's manager. Victor thinks that he is a singer or an entertainer.

An erstwhile entertainer. Exactly. And previous to this episode, we spoke to them and Victor wanted to be a singer. And he came all the way out here from Cuba and decided to become a singer.

And Tiny was managing him. We had Victor try to sing. And he got a couple of sentences and syllables in. His eyes rolled back into his head. And he immediately fainted. He has severe stage fright, which they did not know about. Actually, I think they did know about it because he thought it was cured before he moved all the way out here from Cuba. Yeah.

I think that was a self-diagnosis.

I believe it was. I wonder how Victor feels about the embargo being lifted on Cuba.

Oh, I hope we got to talk to him in 2015 about this. I hope so.

Yeah. I hope so. But yeah, Victor and Tiny really made their presence known this year.

A lot of people were saying this is one of, or two of their favorite guests this year.

And this is their appearance on the countdown from the episode, their twins, Jonah, where Victor and Tiny have a new scheme, a foot, of a new facet of the entertainment industry in which they're going. And they are going to tell us about it in this clip. This is number 14.

But speaking of grassroots, we have someone who resides within those grassroots. He's returning today. I mean, returning guests to this show. We had them on a few months back, I believe.

And they are entertainers, of course, just like the both of you. So you'll have a lot in common.

I like talking shop. Yeah. Fantastic. So the two man team.

Yeah. And we have a two man team of you guys, Jonah and Camille, and now a two man team over here.

So let's say hello to them. Please welcome back to the show, Victor, Diamond and Tiny. Hello.

Hello. It's good to be back here. Say hello, Victor.

Hello. It's been a while. It's been a while. Yeah. All right. But it's good to be back here.

First of all, you might have a interrupting for him.

The last time we was on the show.

We got a big hit. Big hit. Well, I understand a lot of people listen to the episode.

By the way, this is Jonah and Camille. Have you met these guys?

I was listening and the feed in the grain room.

Yeah, we piped in the field. Yeah, that's great.

They're great. They're entertainers.

Much like you guys.

Cheryl? Yeah. Explain your entertainer.

Last time we was on the show, that's what I was trying to say. Victor, he is singing.

So Victor is a singer. Tiny, what do you do again?

Well, I represent Victor.

Okay. You're not an entertainer per se. You're mad.

I dabble if it comes to shove. I get on stage.

You tell good stories? What do you get on stage? What do you tell?

Well, I don't really tell a story. I do a lot of audience warm up.

Oh, yeah? How you folks doing tonight? Hey, you're pretty good.

Yeah, I'm doing good.

Do we have any birthday?

It's Scott's birthday is coming up.

It is.

Yeah, that's the 11 more months.

Yeah, I have a half hour almost a birthday.

Thank you so much.

Yeah, happy almost birthday. That's very nice of you, Victor.

So let me tell you what, here's the thing.

The good part about this, we found so many people that now know who about me, Tiny and Victor.

That's me.

Yeah.

And, uh...

That was very patronized.

Yeah, we know who they are.

To say, yeah.

Be a little more kind. Victor is the talent, Tiny, as far as I'm concerned.

Yeah.

Hello.

Stop defending him. He's not that good for you.

He's not a good man.

All you said was, and me, Victor, and Tiny went, yeah.

Like, we...

Well, I mean, okay, Victor, I'm sorry.

I just miss you in any kind of way.

Okay.

I just know that you are Victor.

That's all I was really trying to say.

Well, we don't.

That's fine.

No, I get it.

I got the idea.

But we were inspired by Joe.

Oh.

By me?

Yeah.

Oh.

This podcast was such an interesting, uh, yeah, our experience.

Experience?

Yeah.

Well, that wasn't a previous Hondo.

That wasn't a previous Hondo.

So we decided...

Just to give the listeners perspective about it.

We decided to...

Well, let me just take over because he's very...

He's shy.

I would love to hear...

I would love to hear Victor talk about it.

Let me say this because he won't say this.

He was.

He is one of the best interviewers I have ever heard in my entire life.

Interviewers?

Yes, he gets a human interest salary that I have.

He gets to the bottom of just regular people living in America.

So, you know, where he fails on stage because no, he in this intimate situation, he excels.

So we put a podcast together.

Oh.

Wow.

And we're kind of looking for a home for this.

Oh, I sure.

You should bid you to Skype.

All right.

Maybe it should be...

It should be...

It should be Nerdist, though.

No, probably...

That's more kind of like a...

It's probably going to be a year old.

But I mean, like, Camille, you have a show on Nerdist.

It feels like...

You have a show on Fierro, right?

I mean, like, you should just maybe just do...

It has more of an ear world.

Companion showed, you guys.

Wow, there's a bidding war already.

Yeah.

Kind of a negative bidding war here.

Yeah.

It's calling that.

Yeah, there's a bidding war.

How did you get into interviewing, Victor?

Well, I started by...

There's a lot of free time in my day.

Oh, I don't know.

I figured that...

Or wake up, where am I going to do?

Wow.

So this is incredible.

You have a podcast of your own, which sounds great.

So I really...

I wish you luck with it.

Well, actually, we've got a clip.

We like to play just here.

Entice you.

And we also...

We also...

Little business, if you don't mind.

Okay.

Looking for spouses.

Okay.

You're welcome.

Totally, they have a whole setup.

Oh, wait.

That's great.

That's good.

Who are you interviewing, Victor?

Well, I found that guy...

Who we say...

Hey, that's the first step.

To any good interview.

Yeah, that's the first part.

It's...

He found a dentist...

That lives in an apartment complex.

Well, I find out that he's very, very interesting.

Very interesting.

History, background, and just a regular guy.

In America.

He lives in an apartment complex.

Um...

Yeah.

Why are you being so defensive?

What's so weird about...

What?

That's a...

I just realized, I think what he's saying is that if he's a professional dentist, shouldn't he have a house somewhere?

Well, I know.

He might have gotten divorced.

He's getting started.

No, no, no.

Yeah, it's in the interview.

Oh, the apartment complex is in the interview?

Well, he said he...

He did.

He works in a mess.

And he called...

You know, has an apartment.

Okay, I just was curious because you specifically brought up apartment complex.

I thought that would have something to do with the story.

That's because of Burger King.

Run next to an apartment complex.

And we'll hang out there.

We'll say him walking.

Okay.

So you're doing sort of a studs-tircled type of thing where you're just...

You're talking to...

Oh!

Oh, well, yeah.

Don't worry about it.

It's non-fiction.

Anyway, you're talking to normal people.

Well, okay.

Yeah, we...

Okay.

He talking on a regular phone.

Regular phone.

Okay, very good.

We'll tell you what.

We don't play a clip.

Well...

All right, let's hear this clip.

That's it, yeah.

Uh, enter your Cody Cody.

We have this clip.

Here we go.

And this is Victor.

And do you have a name for this podcast yet?

It's called the Booktour Pork Rice.

The Victor podcast.

Well, that'll be easy to remember.

All right, here we go.

Oh, hello.

And welcome to a talking or a podcast with Victor Dumbo.

Boy, oh boy.

Can you believe how hot it has been?

Well, that was positive one second.

Is that coming from us?

Is that, uh, Engineer Cody Cody?

Is that you?

Is that...

Are we having faulty...

Oh, no, I know what you're talking about.

Equipment failure.

What is going on right now?

Um, there's a little buzz.

Little buzz?

That was pretty loud.

It's the loudest thing we could hear.

What is this?

Toy Story?

You should have heard it before.

With a little buzz?

What is this?

Toy Story?

Toy Story has a lot of buzz.

What is this?

Yeah, but he's tiny.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

No, he's tiny.

Oh, that's what I'm saying.

Hey, this is like one of your guys' skits.

Yeah.

What is this?

No, that there is a buzz.

An Oscar forecast?

There's a slide they call it the 60s cycle hum, I'm told.

But that...

And they got rid of a lot of it.

Okay.

So there's a little residual buzz.

It's almost all I can hear.

All right.

Okay.

You'll just keep up on it.

You just...

We'll power through it.

All right, here we go.

All right.

Here we go.

Let's...

I sometimes can't believe how hot it gets.

Yeah.

Luckily though, at the end of the day, cool down a little bit.

And the cooler cool you down.

So there's a weather control.

Yeah.

Hold on.

Yeah.

Well, there's a weather control.

Ah, wait a minute.

Hold on.

No, I was just...

At the top of the podcast, I talk about what happened to me this week.

You know, and this past week, it was very hard outside.

So that's the top of the show.

Okay.

All right.

Well...

I don't understand.

Well, we keep stopping.

Yeah, we have a weather report on this show sometimes.

Oh, yeah.

I understand it.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, that's not so much a...

That's a good idea.

Please don't steal it.

Oh my gosh.

All right.

Let's return to this podcast.

That's what I think.

Well, enough about me, but now I would like to introduce a forest guest.

How many times have you looked yourself in the mirror and wondered, Hey, it's time for me to go to the dentist.

And that's how come I have a dentist on this show right now today.

Local dentist in Holy World, California.

Doctor Joe.

Oh, I thought it was...

Say hello, Joe.

Now, let's start at the beginning.

Okay.

Hold on.

Pause it.

Okay.

The buzz went away.

That's good.

The buzz dropped out.

That's the goodness.

It's not all good news though.

No, this is a true good news bad news situation.

It's a dentist currently being dentisted on.

Is that why we can't understand what he's saying?

Well, there was a problem with his microphone.

So I don't know if we had to flip backwards or...

or we...

I don't know what the problem...

We never got a straight answer.

We found the guy on Craigslist who did all the...

The engineering.

By the way, this was a free volunteer podcast.

Very nice guy's name was Jeffrey.

But you shouldn't give out his name.

I mean, this is a poor actor.

This is also...

We never got a last name from him anyway.

So, maybe he was...

We wanted to give him credit for his work.

But we never got...

He harnessed the flash drive.

The flash drive.

He harnessed the flash drive?

Handed. Handed.

Handed. He handed us a flash drive.

All right. Okay.

Tiny. Tiny.

Tiny. Tiny. Tiny.

Okay. What? You are...

Yeah. We live him alone.

We don't...

Wait, leave who alone?

Because he's the one lashing out it up.

Yeah, he's a tiny.

He's bullying us.

Hold on, hold on, hold on.

Yeah, I live them alone.

Okay. Thank you.

Thank you.

Should we go back to the podcast?

Let's do it.

Listen, we do get rid of the buzz.

Have that feeling there.

You know where I'm going to be a dentist.

I'm going to do it. I think I...

I'm actually going to be a corporate.

As a kid.

I'm going to be a fake.

I'm going to be a...

Oh, it's back.

Ha ha ha ha.

I don't know what that is.

Where was that?

Was that?

Was that you?

You were tiny?

What?

Yeah.

I thought you'd go high school.

You...

That's me.

I'm going to be a dentist.

We'll get it to the corner.

I'm going to be right here.

I'm going to be a doctor.

So now...

Now we're at regular time.

Now...

Wait, hold on. Let's pause here.

Let's regular time.

You couldn't believe something, Victor?

Oh, yo. He was saying so many amazing things.

What was he saying?

He was saying...

I...

Well, no, I can't hear it.

You know, I said I don't know.

You don't remember.

But you were there.

I don't remember. He says something about...

I want to go to dentist school.

Why would you not be able to believe that?

Dave says...

That seems like the most believable thing that a dentist wanted to dent in school.

When you're in the room, talking to a guy, this amazing, tell a regular story, I can't believe that.

Okay. So you couldn't believe it twice.

And then...

And now it's regular times?

That's...

Listen, that's kind of his...

his catchphrase.

Oh, I can't believe...

I can't believe that.

Oh, that should be the title.

That should be the name of the podcast.

Yeah.

I can't believe that.

Ooh.

With Victor.

Yeah, is this catchier than the Victor podcast?

That is catchier than Victor.

I don't know.

The Victor podcast has something though.

Yeah, it's got something.

I love that combo.

How about a Monday morning quarterback?

That's...

Hey, that's pretty good.

That's a good one, right?

You release it on Mondays.

Yeah.

Only during the NFL season.

All right, let's go.

Let's get it complicated.

All right.

Are you the one like you the one?

Is there more?

Listen, I just want to say...

I hear you making some disparaging remarks, none of them about the quality of the interview.

Well, we can hear the interview.

Yeah, I wish we could.

I would love to hear a good interview on this show for once.

It sounds very interesting.

I want to make the distinction.

The interview is not in question.

That it is a solid piece of...

Well, maybe, although I do say you were a Victor, you were repeating.

I can't believe that excessively.

Well, let's listen to the combo.

The combo lifdock.

Okay.

What's wrong if I combo lifdock?

There's more of this that we should listen to.

How come?

Well, I get a fucking crucifix.

No, you're not.

You're not attacking you.

Well, stop crying.

Stop crying.

You're okay.

You're not being crucifix.

Yeah, well, where I do to Joe.

Hey, don't say crucified in Joe.

In the same...

Oh, hold on.

Victor, don't worry about these guys.

They don't mean to hurt you.

Your old feeling.

I know that just sometimes they say something.

I combo lifdock.

Alright, let's just catch phrase.

Alright, let's listen to more.

There's more, right?

Well, it's current time.

So let me frame out.

What's happening when you go to a dentist?

What do you do?

That's talking really like...

talking really into the interview right around here.

Yeah.

I don't know how much more of this I can see.

Wait, what happened?

Well, that's interesting.

Now, we come back after a short break.

That sounds great.

Do you do the music?

Okay, we're back.

No, we just...

I don't know whose music that is.

We just found it online.

Okay.

I don't think it is.

Hey, so that's where the ad would go.

That's where they have a test.

Turn up.

Where is this back to the dentist?

Yeah, absolutely.

Yeah, we're back.

It's in the collection.

Okay.

Yeah, you know, it's tiny.

I don't know if I can play more of this.

This is not pleasant to listen to.

I don't know.

I think if you just can get past the buzzing of my...

We can't get past the buzzing of my...

buzzing of my...

nor the microphone problems.

If you could, I bet...

There's some...

Okay, let me...

Do you mind you composite if you want to?

Well, I will tell you what happened.

I asked him...

I asked him some great question about being a dentist.

And then because I asked him, how do you afraid of the dentist?

He said no.

So he's not afraid of the dentist.

That's like ironic.

I said, how...

What?

Where...

where do you have candy?

Oh, does he eat candy?

Yeah, does he eat candy?

What did he say?

He said he did.

Oh!

No, he said he do, but he floss off a worm.

But directly afterwards?

The right left a worm.

The minute he's done with a candy bar, he rushes to the floss.

We didn't get that talking to you about that.

You didn't get a timetable?

All right.

You're right.

Anyway, he interviews great, trust me.

All right, should we...

Is that what?

No, I cannot play anymore.

There's no more, but I want to know how it ends.

Oh, don't worry about it.

In good conscience, I cannot play any more of that interview, guys.

I appreciate you playing as much as you did, because that was unreasonable.

Ah, there we go.

Number 14.

A lot of people said that Victor and Tiny's podcast, where they interview the dentist, was one of their biggest laugh-out-loud moments of the year.

It was for me.

It's very funny.

It's really funny.

Very, very funny.

It's really, really funny.

All right, we need to take another break when we come back.

Ah, we'll have more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here with Paul F. Tomkins.

Hi.

He's...

God!

You're wearing a tiny little flower on your lapel.

Wearing a tiny little flower.

Is it a real flower?

It's made of fabric so I can wear it all year long.

Is it part of the coat when you bought it?

No.

Interesting.

Does it travel from coat to coat?

Does it only coat on which it resides?

It travels from coat to coat.

Well, how exciting for it.

You see, it fastens by means of a button sewn into the back.

A little button.

So I can remove it and place it at my will.

Now, you should write a children's book about that flower, because it has...

I already have.

Or a...

It's called the Traveling Button Flower.

Well, you brought it here.

Yes, here it is.

Let's read from it.

Absolutely.

Let's open this up.

Yes, sorry, I meant to...

Oh, loose pages.

I meant to bind the pages together, but I haven't misplaced my glue pot.

The little Traveling Button Flower.

Oh, what a day it was.

The sun was shining, the birds were chirping, the moon was there for some reason.

What's happening?

Oh, these the end times.

That's as far as I've got.

What?

A lot of pages, by the way.

How you...

A lot of loose pages.

I wrote them out very big, the words.

It's always good to raise the specter of the end times.

First page in a children's book.

I think kids need to know.

That's why I scared that curl by the curtain.

Kids need to know there's danger around every corner.

Oh, my goodness.

Right before the break, we heard their twins, Jonah.

That, of course, was Jonah Rain, Kamehil Nangiani.

And then Brendan Small playing Victor in Tiny.

Brendan Small, people know from Metalocalypse, I believe.

Metalocalypse, that is correct.

He created that show and does a lot of the voices from it.

And from Home Movies.

And Brendan had a great year on the show, I think.

As someone put it, he had one of the weirdest...

One of the strangest appearance schedules in Comedy Bank, Bang History, where he was on episode 33.

Wasn't on again until 280.

And then was on like three weeks later.

And has been on all year long.

He was developing those characters, maybe.

Well, he was working on his show.

And then he got ahold of me and said, hey, I want to do more podcasts.

And so we've had him on all year.

And he's been a great addition to the show this year.

Welcome to the family, Brendan.

Fam, you're fam.

All right, next up, we have to get to, or we get to get to.

We're going to get to.

We certainly are, whether we have to or get to.

This is on your countdown, this is number 13.

Number 13.

Oh, now some say this is an unlucky clip.

So listen at your own peril.

Better put throw a pitch of salt over your shoulder, your food waster.

Try to have some food over your shoulder though.

That way you don't waste it.

Exactly.

Yeah, you know what?

If you're a superstitious sort.

If you've made yourself a savory stew, certainly.

I think that having a wide bowl of stew behind you is a good idea.

I think if you're a chef and you're grabbing little pinches of salt and you're putting in, why not just throw it over your shoulder into the stove pot?

You know what?

Have fun with it and make yourself like, you know those do what I do.

I direct traffic sometimes.

And I like to have fun with it.

So I dance around, I come up with a type here.

Dialogrific.

Why?

Why me?

Why anybody?

I'm sorry.

Do you think that makes Nancy Kerrigan a very selfless person that when she was hit in the knee by Jeff Gullouli?

And she says why me?

Then she immediately says, why anybody?

Did you?

Yeah.

I don't know this.

Yeah.

I haven't seen the clip.

Was it on camera?

It was on camera.

Yeah.

Why me?

Did this on camera?

Why anybody?

Well, the aftermath was captured.

It's like call the press conference.

So if we'll have that further ado, I would like to go ahead and hit this girl.

Oh my god.

Okay.

So it wasn't on camera.

This is just her press conference that she said, why me?

Why anybody?

This was.

I don't recall this.

Right after 25 years ago, right?

Right.

Oh, is it?

That's crazy.

Right after she got hit, there were cameras.

So there must have been some press event that was going on.

Okay.

And so somebody had, because this is a pre-camera phone, so this was like an actual news camera that's capturing this.

And she's on the ground, she's holding her knee, and she's crying in pain, saying, why me?

Why anybody?

Well, it's good that she thinks globally, acts locally.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah.

She acted locally and had that.

She had Jeff Gullily assassinated.

What a weird story that is.

Really weird.

Really, really weird.

I would love to see a TV movie about this.

I mean, it's so interesting.

They've made one.

They probably did.

So interesting.

To go try to break someone's leg, because she's a good skater.

Yeah.

I love it.

Okay, I've talked about how this is number 13.

This is, of course, episode 265.

Do you remember this one, Paul?

Of course I do.

I know them all by number.

Certainly.

This is an episode entitled Live from Riot LA.

Oh boy.

Oh, I remember this one very well.

Very well.

Previous to this chunk of the episode, our good friend Tracey Reardon, who has been on the show several times, who is a 15, I believe, year old girl.

I see so.

Who has many piercings.

She has her butt pierced, which is why she can't sit down for longer than a half hour, which is why she's never seen any movie.

We talked to her for a bit, but I think people picked this episode because...

Did she say, she saw one Woody Allen movie?

She did.

What was it for?

Stardust Memories or something?

I thought I thought...

She sat through that whole one.

It was like, this isn't for me.

I'm not going to try to sit there in pain any longer.

We talked to her for a bit, but this episode featured the debut of one of the more interesting guests that we've had come on in a while.

Curious fellow.

In a while.

And...

When you see...

Do you do it when you say that?

I know.

Well, though...

If not me, then who...

This was the debut of crime fighter vigilante JW Stillwater.

That's right.

From Cumberbatch County, Florida.

Now, we heard about his exploits over the course of the seceding year.

This is very early in the year.

This is January, I believe the third week of January.

And we heard from him several times, including we heard sort of the origin story of his arch nemesis in a succeeding episode with Cameron Esposito.

But this is the first time we've ever heard from him, and I don't want to spoil anything about him.

I just want to let you hear from him.

This is JW Stillwater.

By the way, this is a live episode.

We shot it here in Los Angeles in front of a live audience, which is why there's an audience laughing.

Beautiful theater downtown.

And it is...

Yes, so beautiful.

Downtown, independent.

That square box.

With nothing on the walls.

But that is...

It's recorded a little differently.

I would say the audio quality is slightly different.

It's fine.

It's good once you're used to it.

But that's why there's an audience, and that's why it's recorded a little bit different.

This is JW Stillwater, along with Tracy Reardon and myself, in episode 265, live from Riot LA, number 13 on the countdown.

Number one, free.

Well, we're having a good time here of the downtown independent.

It's a beautiful space.

It really is.

If you ever want to do comedy, you dream about a space like that.

Who is that?

Sir, we're in the middle of a show, please.

Who is that?

Please be quiet, sir.

We're in the...

I'm talking to Tracy.

He's getting closer.

He looks like a hamster.

You heard some sirens?

I'm going to say something.

I'm going to look out.

Oh, what?

Oh, no!

What?

What's that, man?

Hey, look out, y'all.

I heard a crime go.

I was in my HQ listening to my bare-capped skin.

I heard a crime go.

You heard a crime go?

I heard a crime go.

Is y'all safe?

Sir, you can't talk.

I need an answer.

Is y'all safe?

Oh, man.

I need verbal confirmation of safety.

Matter of fact, I'm down.

I mind everything, just sitting down, the grabbing the mic, the talking into it.

What's that now?

Sir, who are you in here?

I'm sorry.

We're in the middle of a show.

Why would we hear sirens?

Sirens.

Is that, or do you mean sirens?

What?

Well, you call sirens.

I call sirens.

But we're talking about same thing.

Okay, great, great.

So why would we hear sirens?

Oh, man!

Cut out!

I'll sit in the HQ listening to my bare-capped skinner.

I heard a crime go.

It's all rushed out over here.

For the listener.

Who?

What'd you mean for the listener?

I'm about to have explained it.

Oh, okay.

For people listening at home, people may be listening to this in their HQ.

On their bare-capped scanners.

Right.

Oh, you all a bare-capped?

Yeah, of course.

Oh, man.

I'm a listener of bare-capped skinner.

Oh, well, I've never been on it.

This is exciting.

Hey, y'all out there, bare-capped, man.

I'm not doing crimes.

Technically.

How does a crime go?

You have a bare-capped skinner?

Yeah, it's the only thing I listen to.

You know how a bare-capped scanner went?

It's like, um, you hear the cops talking, and they're like, oh, I'm crying.

It's crying.

It's going.

Yeah, I'm going on.

That's what I'm talking about.

So if it goes, it's going on.

Yeah, guys, I heard a crime go.

Yeah.

Where were you last night?

I got attacked.

I was in the old world.

Wait, what?

Well, yeah.

It happened last night.

That's why I'm go'd last night.

I was attacked when I was on the street.

I'm sorry, young lady.

I wasn't here.

I was, I was, I was patrolling my hometown.

Well, where was that?

Keeping it safe.

Where's that?

In Florida.

Well, I needed you, but it's whatever.

What happened to you last night?

But I mean, we'll get to you, sir.

No, sure.

Yo!

Strange man, who, by the way, is wearing a mask and a cape.

And a hat.

Okay, yeah.

The hat isn't necessarily that much different than normal.

But it's, it's details are born in accurate description.

Mm-hmm.

Right.

If you find crime, you got to know this.

But Tracy, what happened to you last night?

Yeah, absolutely.

Wait to get to me and who I am.

For sure.

A young woman was attacked, sir.

No, I understand.

Last night, but she's here safe.

She's held so.

That's not very compassionate.

I was walking out for my job at the asking why I was at closed on the shop at night.

And a man came up behind me, grabbed my neck very gently, but it was very scary.

He grabbed both my ears, tugged on them.

He was gone before I could even say, help me, wander.

Help me, Rhonda?

That's what I say.

Look, help.

Right.

You and the Beach Boys, we share, then, calm.

We both said, oh, we need help.

So he grabbed your neck.

Gently.

Then with both hands, I've done your years.

Gently.

And then boom.

Boom was gone.

Ooh, I got a crime question.

When he's tugging on your ears, did you no longer feel the presence of his hands on your throat?

Exactly.

Okay, so is the one person job.

Well, I'm glad you're all right.

The question, thanks.

I survived.

Doesn't sound like much of an attack.

But I'm a survivor, and that's what I'm going to go by from now on.

Okay.

But I'm proud of you.

Thank you.

Sir, you're here.

Here's what I know about you.

Rat, you're from Florida.

Let's review.

I'm from Florida.

You have an HQ.

I have an HQ.

You have, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Yes, for the listener, Bearcat.

HQ stands for headquarters.

Oh, I thought it was like an extra IQ.

Oh, like, what, maybe one?

Like if you're willing to spot, you have an HQ.

But wouldn't it be a JQ?

Probably.

So I don't have one.

I also know that you either own rent or are borrowing a Bearcat scanner.

I own a Bearcat scanner.

Okay.

And your- Oh, which I hear crimes go.

Your HQ, you may be renting as well.

No, that's where I live.

You live- But it's also my base operations.

But are you renting like, do you have a landlord or?

No, I own it.

I built it myself.

I built my own HQ.

You built your own HQ.

That's right.

I'm self-funded.

And this is, your HQ is in Florida?

Yeah, that's right.

In Cumberbatch, Florida.

Cumberbatch, yeah.

It's about closest major cities, probably St. Judas, about 200 miles outside.

But is that where Benedict Cumberbatch was born?

Who?

Yo, there's crime going on all the time.

I'm trying to fight some crime.

We ain't got time for this- Is she in the shaleon?

Shewie's here.

What was the most recent crime you solved?

Oh man, well, still an open case.

I haven't solved it yet, but a hammer got stoned.

So you're some sort of masked vigilante.

I'm guessing, or are you the alert system?

Well, I do have a mask and I do operate outside the law.

I'm sorry, technically I'm breaking the law, but I'm trying to keep the city safer.

Okay, so you hear about crimes?

I'll smoke that, that's getting- Sure, no, that's a heavily established.

I hear a crime go out like a flash.

Sure, and do you go to the- Hop on my fan boat?

Fan boat?

Yeah.

Florida, okay, so you have a fan boat.

That's right.

Is that the name of those things?

Fan boat.

A fan boat?

Fan boat.

Or a fan boat.

Fan boat.

What for the family?

What's a fan boat?

What is a fan boat?

You're making up words, I don't know.

What's a fan boat?

Oh, a fan boat, it's one of those- Who said it?

It's a boat got a big fan on the back.

Sorry, tea.

Fan boat.

I feel like Dexter or Dexter had one of those at one point.

Who?

Never mind.

Dexter, I'm all okay.

That's a guy that you should have gone to try to catch.

Dexter before, fan?

No, he doesn't need to be caught because he's doing all the white climbs.

No, he's the guy he needs to be caught because he's texting while he's driving.

Oh, I don't like that, that's a crime.

Yeah.

He can wait.

But do you- Do you go to the scenes of the crimes then?

I go to the scene and- I- Look, I'm my fan boat.

Sufed up, y'all special, y'all tricked out.

So it's tricked out like a fast and furious type of boat or does it have like nitrous or- Too soon, too soon.

That's very insensitive.

Of Scott- I'm sorry, I need to be more compassionate now.

Here's where I got my- I'm gonna trick that fan boat.

I got um- You know how it's got big fame in the back?

No, yeah, I've heard about that.

I tied streamers on there so- When it's going like you can really tell it's going.

People be like, What was that there?

So it's like cartoon speed lines.

You never seen a gator do a double take?

No.

Man, I'm too bad this gator's gator's like whoa- That's amazing.

I feel proud, which is a Sim, but what are you gonna do?

You're allowed one Sim every once in a while, right?

That's right. Look, I am a mass vigilante.

My name is J.W. Steelwater.

Oh, your name.

J.W. Steelwater.

That's my vigilante name.

Oh, okay.

So you have a secret identity.

Yeah, it's uh- Eddie Lee Capers.

Eddie Capers?

Yeah, Eddie Lee Capers.

That's uh- Oh no.

He just took off his mask.

Well, probably- I probably shouldn't have told you- My real name.

Sure.

And I definitely probably shouldn't have taken my mask off.

And tell you where I live.

And about your fast boat in case we were trying to catch you.

And about my fast fan boat with the streeters.

Yeah, I would disable that boat before I burst into your house.

Not before I make some gators do a double take.

Do you want me to call you Eddie or J. Lee?

Go- J. Lee, that was one of the choices I want to offer.

Hey, it's on the table now though.

No, off the menu.

You call me J.W. or Mr. Steelwater.

So you prefer to be known as your vigilante name?

Well, yeah.

I mean, I'm in my uniform.

Okay.

J.W.

Yeah.

J.W.

Now here's- Here's- Here's what y'all gonna know about me.

During the day, I'm just a regular guy from Florida.

I'm a fan boat mechanic.

I fix fan boats all day and night.

And night.

I really never sleep.

I drink a lot of coffee.

And I take dive pills.

Then I listen to a Bearcat scanner.

If I hear a crowd go, I'm out like a shop.

Trying to solve the crime that the authorities are too cowardly to correct because the Cumberbatch Police Department is all corrupt.

They're corrupt, really.

They're corrupt?

How do you know that?

Have you come into contact?

I'm just assuming.

I mean, that hammer's been missing for- God don't have long.

Why doesn't the person just buy a new hammer?

Hammer's is expansive.

You price hammers lately?

No, I have- They cost more than you think.

If there's a perfectly good one out there that somebody took from you, you want to get that hammer back rather than give in to crime and purchase new hammer.

How much do masks cost?

I haven't priced them out a long time.

Masks are like, this is a mid-range mask.

I'd say- This doesn't cost me about 6.99 at the party store.

Now, they have a three to a night version that's a little bit smaller so it reveals more of the face.

That's bad news in vigilante circles.

Maybe it's for a child.

For a child?

A ten-abilistic human on undergrad, a thriller.

What if they've got their own vigilante task force?

We don't all in a mess are trouble.

A child.

Oh, a child.

Well, a child shouldn't be- A child shouldn't be- A child shouldn't be- A children shouldn't be- vigilantes.

But don't do it, kids.

It's a dangerous profession.

Throw it up work.

Yeah.

You ever gotten into a spot of trouble?

Oh.

This one time- This one time I was investigating a crime.

I listened to the scanner I heard, Hey, we got a crime going all over here.

Lazy busted door head.

Wait, was that a crime?

Yeah, well, because it looked like it didn't get busted by itself.

Oh, it had a little help.

So I was like, I can't trust them.

Cumber, badge, crooks to do the right thing.

I better get over here and investigate that hinge.

Hopping the fan boat.

Turns out right next door to my property got out of the fan boat, did not need to kind of- To waste the fuel.

Yeah.

So I sneaked on over there, right?

And I'm looking at that door hinge.

I dusted it for prints.

I threw dirt on it, rubbed it around.

I was like, oh, a print's just going.

I heard a noise behind me.

Who's that?

Is it an arts villain who's trying to take me down?

Because he wants to take control of Cumber, badge, carry?

It's just a whole possum.

You knew it was old.

He's old.

Yeah.

Yeah, glasses on.

Five.

That was- Now I thought I'd seen everything when I saw that gator do a double take.

Yeah.

When I saw that possum with them, he had like some drug store- Easy reader stuff.

I heard it.

It's like perched on the other little pink nose.

But that's how you know an animal's old, based on what it's wearing.

Yeah.

Because like a possum is like, man, I can't see these carcasses as well as I used to.

I almost ate a living thing the other day.

I hate to admit it, but I gotta get myself some glasses.

This is what I presume the possum says.

They take off their bonnet at about one year of age.

That's right.

So cute though.

Man, when you see a possum in a bonnet, it's like trying to get it off and it can't- I saw that on YouTube.

Hey, I see that.

Do you think we see that at the same time?

It's the new Panda sneeze.

Sir, J.W.

You okay?

I just pictured a panda sneeze in it.

I never heard the like.

What?

Do pandas get colds and such?

And allergies and- What do you think a panda's allergic to?

I always got a panda poo.

That's his favorite food.

Do you think like in a panda man's bathroom?

If he gets one of them panda poo shower mats, do you think everyone like takes a shower?

They just step on the mat.

He's like, well, gotta eat it.

And then he eats it up.

Yeah.

They didn't water all over the floor.

His wife's gonna be sore at him.

Yeah.

I was like, if we had bath mats made of ice cream.

Yum.

It's not a bad idea.

I should contact Harris before he goes on to Shark Tank.

It might be slippery though, right?

It might be a little slippery.

Like cutting candy or something a little harder.

What's the best food a bath mat could be made of, do you think?

I would say like probably like a meat of some kind.

You think just stepping onto a nice juicy tea bone?

Oh, y'all got one.

I got one.

A casserole.

In a casserole dish.

But I feel like you're gonna have to take a shower again immediately when you try your feet.

Oh, as opposed to all these other food little mist.

You're throwing full of holes.

I'd be afraid if it were a casserole that you would think it was cold, but then you'd step on it in the middle would be warm, scalding hot, then you'd burn your feet.

Like the opposite of microwave prepared casserole, where it's cold in the middle.

I don't know.

So it's cold on the outer edges, but scalding hot in the middle.

Yeah, because things get cold from the outside.

These boy needs to take cooking class.

You've taken cooking glasses?

Of course I have!

How many years?

I want to say a better part of a decade.

Where'd you cook?

Yeah, what's your best dish?

Sandwiches.

Do you cut the crust off?

Sure I do.

I'm not an animal.

We look up some beautiful cooking at my school.

If you would have come with me to school, you would have had a cooking class.

You would have known how to make a bunch of those tugs.

I'm talking about this later.

There's a new man in a mask over here.

Oh, a hero you meet.

I go out there at night and I patrol Cumberbatch County with all my special, fancy gadgets.

So this is only at night.

Y'all can't be seen in a light of day.

Okay.

Could I pray on the criminals, or Cumberbatch, they're cowardly superstitious pile of people.

Sure.

What would happen if a coin book got right now in the audience?

If a crime went right now in this audience, I'll be out there like a shot.

Unfortunately, I don't have my special gadgets with me.

What's your gadget?

Yeah, what are your gadgets?

Well, I used to have a hammer, but it got stolen.

Uh, guys, that's going to wrap it up for this.

This is an exciting show.

We made a new friend.

It's just typical of what happens.

Yeah, is this how this was supposed to go?

Yeah, I think so.

All right.

You provided some interesting details about your life and...

Look, I just want people to know, crime is everywhere.

Y'all got to be careful.

And don't get done by a crime.

If you hear a crime, go get out of there.

But don't talk to a policeman because they's corrupt.

And now is this anywhere or just...

Anywhere.

Now what was a joke?

What was a joke?

Do you have any sort of similar way to wrap up your character?

I'm crazy.

Um...

Overworld snap.

That's gotta hurt.

Help me learn to live your life.

Always be the best.

Always crime up high.

Yep.

That's right.

Great.

Keep your caviar close, say you dream closer.

Now I have to top that.

Here we go.

We have a closing sentiment off.

Restyle, closing sentiment off.

If you wear a top hat, you're always the tallest person in the world.

All right, J.W., your turn.

Even a turtle falls on his back without the help of a friend.

Tracy, you're up.

If a puppy wants a home and has to climb on top of the other puppies to get out of the box.

J.W., fool a man twice.

He fishes today.

Fool a man twice.

Shame on me.

Tracy.

If you're in a hot abalone, don't look down because that's where you die.

J.W., you may dream big, but don't forget to big your dreams.

Tracy.

If you see a duck paddling in the circle, it's lost.

J.W., don't take candy from strangers, but take strange candy from you.

Tracy.

If you've lost your tooth in the last 10 years, you're probably a kid.

J.W., you ran out of time.

Oh, Tracy, you're the boy.

You're the best.

So thank you, Ryan, first of all.

Oh, great stuff.

Great stuff indeed.

That closing sentiment off was one of the, in my opinion, the greatest moments, and totally unexpected.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

And one of the reasons to do this show without any kind of a plan or any kind of a safety net, because the guests we have on the show are up to the task of doing stuff like that.

Moments like that when, and look, I'm going to...

You're going to munch.

Much like the audience is a four-year-old girl Thanksgiving.

I'm going to pull back the curtain.

Oh, no, don't do it.

And J.W. still water, of course, is me.

And of course, the origin of that character was a voice that I did just out of nowhere for two seconds on one of these best of episodes.

Right.

Yeah, because we heard a siren.

Yeah.

And you just said y'all heard them sirens.

Y'all hear them sirens.

And so I don't know why that stuck in my brain.

Well, also...

Because we talked about it a bit.

We talked about it.

I think people wrote to you saying, hey, that's a great new character.

You should do it.

And three weeks later, you did it.

For the first time at a big important live show, you told me you were going to do it.

I was kind of like, this is a live show with lots of fans.

I wonder if shouldn't we be doing something that is one of their faves or something?

But that's what I love about you, Paul, is you're not one to rest on your laurels.

You have created great new characters this entire time, the entire five and a half years now that we've been doing this show, you keep pushing yourself and not just doing the thing that people expect from you and the same old thing.

Well, that is important to me because I feel like it...

As a performer, this stuff can become stale after a while.

And much like bread.

Yeah.

Have you ever thought about that?

Yeah, bread does become stale after a while.

Keep your bits in some sort of a pantry.

I wish I had like you have a bread box.

I wish I had a box that I could keep my characters in.

Would it have to be bigger or smaller than a bread box?

It would have to be bigger than a bread box, certainly.

Because they're human beings.

Yeah, exactly.

And I've never seen a loaf of bread that's the size of a human being, although I would like to.

I would like to be baked inside a loaf of bread and then keep my way out.

And then keep my way out.

Yeah, give it to a prisoner.

That's cakes, I think.

Oh, that's true.

Isn't this strictly cakes?

That's cake bosses, Bailey Wick.

Who?

Oh, never mind.

But you do a lot of characters on the show.

But this year has been important to me.

A thing that I wanted to do this year, and that was the beginning of it, was to create characters that were not based on actual people and just completely make somebody up.

And so that was...

And that was, to me, I thought twice about doing it at a live show, a character that no one had ever seen before.

But the third time you thought about it, you said, hey, let's do it.

Yeah, I thought twice, then I thought three times.

That's good advice.

Think three times before you do anything.

♪ Time before you do anything ♪ But yeah, a great new addition into the canon of your characters.

Thank you so much for...

And I think my first time appearing with Lauren Lapkus, who is, I absolutely adore her and I think she's amazing.

Lauren, of course, plays Tracy Reardon as well as some other characters, and you two are the best, and that was a great live show.

All your sweetest say!

Speaking of sweets. Let's listen to one of those sweet commercials will be right back with.

Get it in your ear holes. It's right back with our comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang we're back. This is the best part one. We're back baby. We're back baby.

From that commercial. Which one? The commercial we got to take me away. Oh, oh. Oh, oh. Oh.

You're Chinese. I thought you were saying that we're back baby was from that commercial.

Yeah, from that commercial. Yeah, the famous commercial.

Where's the beef? I want my baby.

Back baby. Back baby. We're back baby. Yeah. We are counting down your top 15 episodes and we've heard 15, 14 and 13. And this is the final clip that we'll hear in this part one.

This is episode in your countdown number 12. Number one, two. Number 12. I like to say in your countdown, like you're an alien. By the way, you measure episodes of this program.

I'm sort of saying it to you like, well, this wouldn't be my number 12. But hey, you pick this shit. Well, once again, the audience got it wrong. We've been, Paul, we've been sort of pulling back the curtain a lot on this. We don't traditionally do that, but I feel like sometimes since these are the first episodes that people hear, they're trying to figure out what the show is. Exactly. So it's good for us to sort of pull back the curtain and talk about the actual performers who do a lot of the work on this show. Yeah, because there's morons listening to this with their finger up their fucking noses and their butts. One in their butt. Yeah. Yeah. They're like, let's see what I can get out of this.

Yeah. Yeah. Send their drooling bucktooth morons. And idiots, they pop their fingers out of their butts and their nose and then they put it together and they mash whatever they got.

So it's like a booger shit mashup. Booger shit mashup. Booger shit mashup. Booger shit mashup.

So we've been talking about that a little more than we normally do, but it's time I think, right? It's time. This is, I want to do that before we set up this clip. This is episode 266, the Calvin's twins. Now this was a mere one episode later from the last clip that we heard from nuts. So two episodes in a row that wound up on your top 15. So your top 15. Not my shit. But this, this was an episode with Taren Killam, who was currently on Saturday Night Live and Paul Britton, who was on Saturday Night Live and they were both fun together. They're good friends. They enjoy appearing on this show together. Sure. Why wouldn't they? Why not? They're friends. Yeah. And they work well together. Yeah, they do. This, I believe they've done two episodes together and this was their second one. And what I like about these guys is they come in with a zero plan. They come in and they, they may have an idea, but as I recall, this is what happened on this episode. Taren and Paul looked at each other and said, what do you want to, who do you, what do you want to do today? And that's, that's what happens on the show a lot is we say, Hey, what do you want to be today? We never know. We don't have a plan coming in. They looked at each other and I think it was Taren said, I was thinking we could be like, like people who own horses. And then he looked at Paul and like, is that okay? And Paul said, great, let's do it. And that's all they really knew about each other. Wow. Was they were people who owned horses. So this is one of the craziest episodes, I think. It, it, they're so, we're just going to play about 20 minutes of it or so, but there's so much weird detail in this episode. They, this is one of the quickest transitions, by the way, from the podcast to the TV show because pretty much, Oh, absolutely. Pretty much a month after they taped this episode, they then appeared, they taped their episode of the TV show as these characters, but we had forgotten all the details. And so I had my assistant listen to this episode and write down every detail so that we could then try to recreate it on the TV show. I would love to see that document. That email is so crazy. We just, she sent it to all of us and we just started laughing at it of the stuff that's in it. It's really nuts. You're going to hear it right now. This is of course the, the chronicling of Beaver, Hopox and Chico hands. I don't even remember. This is of course the Calvin's twins and this is number 12.

Number one, two. That sounds like two distinct knocks. And that's a third kind of horseish knock, like a galloping knock. Well, I may as well open the door. Excuse me, brother.

Hello? Hi guys. I was wondering if you could find the time to refrain and direct me where I must entertain and begin to comb the main of my dish here, prize fighter. Well, you want me to refrain from, from continuing to talk? Is that what you're saying? Don't pass his words to clothes. Okay. What are you asking me? You're asking me if I can, can have find a what? What are you? My name is, uh, uh, Beva, Hopox, Bether, Hopox. Okay. Bev, Bev, Bev, Ho, pox. Oh, right. I was saying it wrong. Bev, Ho, pox.

And I am Chico Hands. Chico Hands, you rascally dog. Bev, don't you call me that Chico.

Where you get out of here. You might have a sit down. My knees on as good as I used to.

Yeah, please. I'll account all them days jockey and about.

Oh, sure. Have a seat. I, I, my, my real guest took off. Your name's son. My name is Scott Ockerman. It's for God.

Nice to meet you guys. Beva and some strong face. Beva. B-E-V-E-R.

Beva, Hopox. Oh, Beva, Ho, pox. And then she like Beva, but Beva. Oh, God, I got it. And you guys don't seem to be friends because you were just calling each other names. We're frenemies. This sisifani baloney nanny. Oh, now. Goob gob daddy. Oh, now flip flop panhandling fool. Wow. Isn't necessary means to an ends. Oh, okay. And this right here.

Stupid head. That's not as good as what he is. It's a man I have known for too long. Okay.

Well, how do you, I mean, how do you guys know each other? You said you were, you said you were a jockey? Is that you? Oh, in my, in my younger, more healthy, more ambitious years, but I've since retired into the ostentatious, hopivacious, do allocatious world of prize horse fighting. Prize, prize horse fighting. Prize, prize, prize horse fight. I don't think I've ever heard of that.

You heard him correct.

Oh, no, I know I did because I repeated it three times. You never said you heard me incorrectly.

Yeah, yes. By the way, could you mind saying everything that I hear correctly on this show, just pointing it out? Done. We'll do it. If there's one here that correctly, you heard it correctly. Thank you so much. The one thing I will give my friend Chico credit for is his ear lock in flip flopping. Flip flopping again. Containment of the spoken word. So you flip flop a lot. I'm getting a flip flop. Yes. What are some of the issues? The reason I said flip flop twice is because he is not a flip flop. He's he's stubborn as a mule, and there ain't no space for mules in the world of horse fighting. Oh, well, I want to get back to this. What is horse fighting? I've never heard of this. I mean, I've heard of horse racing. Is that what you're saying?

Child's play. Just what it sounds like. It's two horses punching each other. What? Yeah.

Punching each other. You want to find yourself a prize thoroughbred who's going to race around the track and win you a pretty a pretty floured cap.

That's fine. That's all good and fine. All I'm looking for is a special breed, a special type of horse, a powerful horse with a great upper body strength. Looks good in a pair of satin shorts and is angry in mean and he wants to punch punch. That's the thing that like I've heard of horses like stampeding and trampling people. That's just in their blood, but it takes a special kind of horse who can give a big punch. Stand up on his hind legs. Rare that beautiful main twist in that tail just to throw. That was not a horse.

That was Chico. Yeah. I noticed that Chico punch and just punch punch punch punch to that other horse is down for the count. Boom. Oh, so it's horses punching other horses. So it's not humans. Son, you sure ain't going to get a human in the ring when the horse go last more than two seconds. You want to fight one of our horses? They're punching with their good luck because you get butts in seats, but it ain't going to be a long bout. That sounds inhumane. You're right. Yeah. No, but the horse is punching each other. That's okay. I'm sure punching each other in their horse faces. How do you train a horse to do? I've never seen a horse punch. You either got a you don't. They don't train. They want to do it. They want to do it. So then how do you find the horses to do it? Is it just merely leading every horse you ever see into a ring seeing if they punch? Scott, Scott, Scott, you ever seen a video of a horse being born? Sure. Yeah. I remember that. It's a beautiful fun, baby. Yeah. Yeah. And your car, Kramer has a video about that. They come out. They come out walking. Yeah. That's why horses is more incredible than human beings. They know things from the start. Come out walking and so slippery. Slippery. Yeah. Yeah. Just covered in a mama's juice. And every. Every yes covered in that's a one of them covered in a mama's juice. That's true. I mean, it's would be impossible not to be once. It's what helps lubricate the birth once in a blue horse moon.

You find a horse that pop right out. Ready to just punches. It's a punch is mama in the juice flap. Angry. So you then find these horses by going to horse births. That's right.

You have to be there. It's a very competitive. Only only one horse and maybe 7,000 is born with a good punch. Is it like trouble with the curve where you're like exactly like trouble with the curve? I got a bone to show you the curve. Okay, let's talk about that. That's sidebar of the horses for a minute.

Let's talk about trouble with the curve. I told him. I what did I tell him? Chico. I said I will sit in a room and I will make a deal for the life rights of Chico and Bev's life as competitors in horse fighting punch fights. If only Chico be played by Clint Eastwood and I be represented as a the beautiful talent multi talented excellent variety show host Justin Timberlake. And then and then what I do got a lot of that made about baseball.

Don't lie. I can throw a ball with some red stitches on it.

It takes a special breed of horse that throw a punch. Oh God, this is disgusting. I can't believe they would do that to you. But that's Holly. He is a is a lowdown confound.

Blip, blip. Blip.

Oh, you agree? He's a flip. He's a one time flip flop because that guy don't hold enough.

It doesn't again. He says I've heard him say don't make my day. What? Do not make my day.

That's what he's known for. Why would he do that? Dude, he's saying don't make my day.

When everybody wants him to make that. That's like say Arnold Schwarzenegger saying he won't be back. He got to come back. He has to come back. Did you know that Arnold Schwarzenegger has come back to every single place that he's ever said he'd be back to? That's right.

Because he's a man. Arnold Schwarzenegger is a flip. Frasge Nege. Cliff Schlager, leg. Return a bargain. Hater. That's who Arnold Schwarzenegger is.

But he is a man of his word. That's right. He is. Well, this is so you're there at the birth. You got to be there at the birth. Yes, sir. You got to take up most of your time?

Most of it. Yeah. Most of it. Yeah. Most of it. But you can't do nothing else. You got to be that first human face that a horse sees. If he don't connect to you. And that's the only way you're going to be his promoter. That's right.

That's right. So you got to be there from the get go. Right. The bomb between a horse fighter and his promoter is one of the strongest bonds between any two living creatures. Stronger than the jockey horse. Nah. What?

I was a jockey. Right. So no no. He's a hard lot, but you just sitting up there whipping.

That's that's really good. Is that the thing? The end of the jockey. Really? Jockey is really just horse whips. So you don't you don't whip the horses down on breads. You don't whip the horses to make them punch each other then. You don't need no no. They just come out.

You got to whip them to that punch. Okay. Do you really whip them to not punch? Listen.

From time to time. A horse get too close to another horse with no money on the line. Because I ain't in the I ain't in the business of free punching.

Right. I'm in the business of making money from horse punching. Sure. So my horse start wasting his punch for free. I would be back in your crowd. That when you whip them. The only thing I ever have to do to get a horse to punch. I just whisper something in their ear. You a gentle man and that's why you ain't one no fides. Oh, in a in in too long. Don't you start in a too long song.

Song. Song. Flip. Come on. I I will. That's where you need to go back to because you ain't no horse fight winner. I will I will whisper into a horse's ear something about the other horse something. I'll say listen. Listen there cinnamon.

You know what older older. All the old. The old. The old. The old. Great great. You know what if man the particular horse.

Saying about you. He says you. He says you ugly horse. He says you. He says your mane looks stupid. What. Horse thought is very insecure. He says your main is from a style common to horses of the 1990s. What. And horses understand English. Yeah. Oh horse fight.

Fighting horses do. I've heard of the horse whisper but the fighting horse whisper. Yeah.

That's you. That's any promoter. Yeah. Chico. I don't I I'm like that horse whisper but I don't they do a lot of shush shush shush shush shush. Oh they're just saying shush.

Is that the secret to horse whispers? I don't I don't pet him. Hey shut up. No. Hey shut up. Shut up. Shut up. Shut your mouth. You hear what I don't know the whole saying about you. Shut up. He said you. Hey, I stupid. My God. So now you guys you say one in seven thousand comes out punching. Yes. How many horses have you met then that that actually do this just my day. Yeah. You know why I handful handful under a dozen but I'd say one's worth they oats. Maybe three three three three three.

How many do you represent?

I represent four myself. So it's really just the same seven horses punching themselves at each other for the entire life. We've cornered the market on corner fighting horses. So you guys have been at cumulatively forty nine thousand births.

That's yes. That's fast math a practice and you are correct. Approximately. So just shy of fifty thousand births in your life. Yeah. Yes sir. How many do you fit in a day? Well, you have you do math. You're the math guy. You are. You've been at it for twenty years.

Twenty years. Twenty years.

He's got a calculator for now. Twenty four seven. So twenty years. Fifty thousand births. Look at him with that calculator from. Fast fingers.

Boy, if you was a horse, I'd be I'd be shown up to your birth. So you've been at a collectively twelve hundred and fifty per year. Sure. So that's approximately four hundred a day. That's right. It's four a day. Four horses. Horses are maybe the horniest animal.

That's why it's called horny.

Horseney. It started. Horseney. Of course. I'm feeling a little bit inclined to be a fauna cake because I'm feeling horses. Feeling horsesney. But then people start getting confused about what your throw is going on. You you you got hay fever. No, I just cut out cut out cut out this cut out. You got something. Horny. Make it horny.

So when so then when Austin Powers started saying that he was horny. How did you guys feel about that? Well, he was not inaccurate. He was horny. And he didn't give us credit.

No, I when I first thought he did rock because he had him horse teeth in there. And I thought he was making a very never not. The root of the word. Very subtle. But but at the end of the day, he didn't give any. He didn't. He doesn't know a thing about the world of horse fights. So it's so that is one thing you can say about awesome powers. He does not know anything about that world. Never mentioned Britain doesn't know about it doesn't know about it. Don't talk about it. We always say purely an American sport. Not even really. I don't know what that means when you say to that. It's kind of localized to about five six states. Oh, okay. Five six and then not the five of six you think. So I'd love to hear about it.

It's got to be what? Yeah, it's got to be in 25 states in order to be an American sport.

We tried to get it registered under the sports. Can I ask you guys a question? Yeah. Are you guys the only guys who do this? Sadly, yes. Very sadly, yes.

Sadly, yes. We we we try to get our friends involved. We put together parties like chips and dip and some cocktails say like getting involved in this business. Really great.

You bring in three friends.

They make money for you and then show you'll make money for us. But as it goes as it grows, you're getting a bigger portion of the pie. Yeah. But surprisingly to us, our friends find it distasteful. Well, they say, what are you talking about? And we say, it's horses fighting. Right. Then you reiterate the concept of it. Well, they're they racing? We got dark friends too. They're like, what? They buying each other, they kicking each other with their hand wings. No, no, no red light. Clean fight.

Clean fight. No, they punch. They're punching each other. They're reeling back, taking a full round house swing at each other. Roundhouse? Up the jet. They jab and they hook and rip it. They flip off looking.

Flip. Flip. They come and cooking. They feet just a hoofing.

Yeah. And it's it's all it's all we can do to convince them not to tell the authorities about this. How do you do that?

I mean, that's the most amazing part of this story that you're friends. Oh, I said, you shut up. Shut shut shut shut. You hear what you don't tell. If you if you if you don't want to horse to punch you in your stupid jaw, you'll shut up about this whole thing.

Wow. And so they've kept quiet at this quiet. And yet you guys are on a podcast talking about what's the podcast? Oh, okay. I see what's happening.

You guys just came by the rap.

Yeah. We're here to promote. Oh, that's what I was asking you to give us directions today to the promo. Tation infiltration. I'm a previous nation.

Promo.

Nation. There you go. Chico. Talk nation. So you guys are.

Fagification. You guys are adversaries, but are you actually just friends? I mean, twins. Oh, I should have seen that. I mean, you're both four nine. We're a one-size one.

One. We got it. We got it. Be a big old shoes. I find it hard to distinguish features on people as short as you to be frank. I'm so tall. It's very hard to see that. It's like trying to tell to mice apart. You can't do it. Good luck.

We try. We try to get into my fight. They don't fight. They don't fight because they be like, is that me? Is that a mirror? They'll but they wrestle. They will wrestle. So I guess I'll get for you or did you just kind of a bad and more erotic for us? Nobody wants to see a bunch of my role around on the floor. Glad you did bring it up. Another time. We're a little more old-fashioned. Okay. We tried it. We got out of it. So you guys have grown up together.

What did you and your old men at this point? Were you a jockey as well, Chico? I didn't much care for riding them. I'd love to hear more about your life then. I mean, what were you doing while Bever here? Bever a whole pox. And by the way, why do you have two last names? I'd love to bring that up at some point, but let's talk about first what you were doing while Bever was a jockey. Law school. Okay, great. Now let's move on to the name thing.

Right. Your Bever hall pox. Your Chico Rams. What went down there? It's got all four of those are nicknames. Oh, God. None of those are given names at all. No, no, no. They all sort of so stage names, but not as phony as stage names because we earned them. Oh, earned them. We are. Yeah, you know, nicknames picked up along the way. Oh, I see. Yeah. My real name is Smith. Okay. What's your last name? My name is Smith, Calvin Smith, Calvin's and then what would your name be Chico Jones, Calvin's?

Okay. So the Calvin's boys, the Calvin's 20. Right. Hey, who are you? Oh, mother. God rest to soul. I'll have to be beautiful, beautiful soul. Or is she still alive, but her soul is dead? No, she's dead.

That's old dad as well. That is a beaten punch to death horse. How many horses have died?

And we'll get to how your mom died. How many horses have died speaking of this? Scottie.

Scottie. If I don't stop to the horse. Wait. So you guys have gone through only seven horses.

How many fights? Oh, no, I thought you was saying how much we represent now. What's this now? This seven that are survivors. Oh, you've been through even more births than just the 50,000 that we've talked about. Well, no, because what's the math? If they if there's fitted thousand births one in seven thousand one comes out punching. So you have seven currently seven. So that's 49 49,000. So you've been to even how many have died in most of them? Most of you know, we go to like a horse funeral a week. We go to what? So at least how long have you been doing this? That's 20 20 years.

I got wait now. I got out of our school. And then we start we started right after the last school. Then you came and you stayed in my place. I crashed. Well, while while while Star was, you know, in the sunset years of my jocky. And there's 10,000 horses have died. Maybe. Yeah. After a while, you have to stop counting or it just gets too hard. Well, I mean, you've had 10,000 horses died in order to get those 10,000 horses. You had to have been at 70 million horse births in the 20 years. Guys, is that all? You gotta let that's what we say in the horse fight.

We got it. That's how you start the fight. And you know, when normal boxing be like, let's get ready to rumble. We just we, you know, they ate money. Many people there. So you don't even need a microphone. So we just say, folks, you gotta laugh. Now for your enjoyment.

Two horses. Then I go to punch each other. Two horses. Sure.

Of course. When you see as many crushed horse jaws as we do on a daily basis, you gotta laugh. Wait, how many you're going to one funeral a week? How many horses jaws are crushed? Daily, you know how much earth it takes to bury a horse. So we're backlogged. Let's let's it's not adding up guys because you're saying that at least let's just say we got a big freezer. Let's just let's just let's just so it's only say horses are dying a day. Oh, minimum. You gotta laugh. You gotta have it. You gotta but you gotta get butts and seats. You know, people come to you say no one comes to watch this. People aren't shouting distance.

Why are you so sorry to spin across the room. But why are you doing this? No one watches you got to do what you love. You gotta love your passion. You gotta do what you love.

Number one, two. All right. Number twelve. I didn't realize.

I didn't realize they really had so little idea. They never have any idea what they're going to do. And that's what's really interesting about those two episodes that they do together is what is the other one that they did? They did the other one. Let me look it up. Sure. Currently I'm on the Wikipedia. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up.

Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. Look it up. I got it. I couldn't go any higher. They also do episode number from June 17, 2013, 225 superchums where they played. Oh yeah.

The musicians Mark Johnson Sr. and Lon Smudge who are both in a band. They're both in like a Viagra style band.

Oh my god. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So they never have anything planned out. Which is really thrilling for me as a host to just really find and explore and poke and prod them and try to figure out exactly where this is going to go and find out all the crazy details that those two guys can come up with. Really a lot of fun and a wonderful addition to the comedy bang bang cannon from those two guys. Welcome to the family guys. Speaking of welcome to the family, it's about time for you to turn off this podcast and welcome your family and stop ignoring them. Yeah. And which I hope you've been.

I hope you've been ignoring your family. I hope you're not trying to maintain a conversation with someone while you're listening to this podcast. That would be insanity.

It would be rude. It certainly would be rude to us. We are going to be back here on Christmas day. Whether you like it or not. So I hope that when you wake up and you go rush out there to see if Santa drank your milk and ate your goddamn cookies, you also turn on your iPod. Yeah. Because we're going to be there waiting for you. Turn that iPod on. Flip the iPod switch to on. That big light switch on the back of your iPod. That's right. That's not just for show. Nope. What's on? We may also do a little a little pluglet. Yes, of course. Christmas day for some reason an episode of my show No You Shut Up is airing today. Okay.

All new episode. So so on Thursday when this new episode comes out, the part two of our countdown because this is coming up on Monday. This is the 20 something 21st. Yes. Yes. So on Christmas day, here's what you can do. You can download this episode of this. The next episode. Yes. The next episode.

Yeah. And enjoy that. That's your daytime activity. Okay.

Then at night, turn on fusion.

The sun goes down. Turn on fusion goes on. That's right.

Not fuse. Fusion. Or you can watch it on Apple TV on the fusion. How are you doing on Apple TV? Because I they have an app that is fusion channel now on Apple TV. And you can just watch this stuff for free from watch. There's no login. You don't have to you don't have to fucking have cable. Wow.

Yeah. You just have an Apple TV. This is great news. I'm good because I tried to watch your show and I have most channels. But for some reason, I don't have fusion. And I've been stymied up to this point. Well, you can catch up on Apple TV. You can catch up on the first two seasons. They're all up there. Oh, good. And then we're just a couple episodes into the new season. That is good news. Yeah. It's real good news. But it's our year end special.

We're looking back at the year that was. Ooh, baby. Me and a bunch of puppets. Love it.

And you are not a puppet. Am I not? All right. All right.

We're going to be back on Thursday, Christmas Day. Thank you to Paul F. Tomkins. And we will see you then. All right. Thanks. Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman. For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio. Boom. Toe. Come.

The Wolf Dead.
