---
layout: page
title: Best of 2021 Part 3 [61c4ce06682a650012eadc8e].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Oh, the weather outside was frightful, but now it's so delightful.

It's so delightful. I'm delighted.

These are not catchphrase emissions, by the way.

This just means talking extemporaneously.

This is just God has a problem where when he starts the show no matter what, he has to talk that way.

And now I'm through it. Oh, it's finally over.

Nothing through it, but to do it.

By the way, we have flex wipes here.

Yeah, isn't that great?

Why are they called flex wipes?

Well, what do we... is it a flex that you would wipe things?

Or is it like, are you supposed to flex while you are?

Both. It's both.

Oh, maybe they're like for gyms.

Remember gyms, restaurants and gyms?

I didn't know I was cursing them when I talked about how shitty they were.

We also have gobylabs, microphone spray.

Microphones.

Someone actually put like, what they put?

Like a little bit of alcohol and some water.

Yeah. And they figured out that there's going to be a lot of podcasting during the pandemic.

And so they're like, hey, let's call this microphone spray.

Yeah, we'll make a mascot too.

What, is it a little microphone?

No, it's goby, a fish.

Oh, okay, that makes a lot of sense.

Yeah, you know how fish are clean?

Sure.

So your microphone can be just swimming around in water.

They're the cleanest thing there is.

Let your microphone be as clean as a fish with goby.

Should we dump soap in the water just to clean everything up?

I think if we did that, I think it would help.

B, it would also give fish the experience of what a fish is.

It would give you the experience of what it feels like to have a bath.

A nice bath.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah, you can make some bath bombs in there.

Bath bombs, light some candles.

We just light some candles in the ocean.

Dump a giant like three mile wide bath bomb in the ocean.

Yes.

And you got something.

Oh, you've got more than something.

You've got everything.

You've got a clean earth.

All these fucking green bees, people.

Hey Ted Danson, get your head out of your ass and listen to this.

Dump.

That's a huge bath bomb.

You're dumbing?

How would you have thought of this?

You're rich.

I assume somebody of Ted Danson's wealth, he must have bath bombs all over.

Any near any wet producing mechanism.

Anyone who's rich, by the way, must be coming up with ideas all the time.

All the time to stay rich and get richer.

Once you get the taste for money, you want more?

Oh, the almighty daughter.

Like I bet almighty daughter.

It's a daughter.

It's not a thing the almighty daughter.

It feels familiar to me.

I'm going to look it up.

Yeah, look up the almighty daughter.

It wouldn't surprise me if that was something we've said on the show before.

It would surprise me.

I'd be surprised.

I'd be startled.

Almighty daughter is a song by the Paleo Paranoid.

Oh, yes.

My favorite band.

They're probably great.

I'm going to look up almighty daughter, comedy-bang-bang, and see if we can get any hits.

Absolutely.

Take a look.

See if we can get any hits.

Some stuff is coming up.

I don't know.

Anyway, I don't know.

Anyway, why do anything?

Hi, I'm Scott Augerman.

Hi, I'm Paul Lefthankins.

And we are here.

It's a Monday if you're listening to this on the day it came out.

Sorry Garfield.

Sorry, but back to your lasagna.

Fat piece of shit.

What are you so miserable about?

You dumb asshole.

You're a cat who eats human food.

And you're not having to have sex with a pig, are you?

Not for now.

Until I die.

And this is the best of comedy-bang-bang 2021, part three.

And we have already lost our minds.

Yeah.

And we still have another half to go.

We've only been doing it for half the time.

It's true.

But what are we doing?

This is a show comedy-bang-bang.

It's a comedy podcast.

And this is us counting down what episodes the listeners of this show have voted upon in order to be ranked, certainly.

Insta-quenchy.

Good to leave.

In order.

Do you think there's also people that don't listen to the show that are voting?

Oh, man.

I don't think anyone's cracked that yet.

It would not surprise me if at a certain point, like, someone's like, hey, I found this stupid thing.

Let's go fuck them up.

What was the guy's name, Sanjaya?

Sanjaya, yeah.

We'll make it a Sanjaya.

We pleaded with people not to Sanjaya.

Please don't Sanjaya.

You can Zendaya us, though.

Please.

I wouldn't mind that.

I wouldn't mind being Meeji.

What's up with Sanjaya these days?

I wonder where he's at.

We'll look him up.

No.

Yeah, sure.

Hope he's okay.

I hope he's not an anti-gay activist.

I bet he's a good other person.

Everyone you look up, eventually they become an anti-gay activist.

That's a callback to a previous thing we were talking about on part one, probably.

Honestly, if you like this at all, you should listen to all the parts of the best of us.

You should listen to all the parts because you'll know what we're talking about because I'm sure we're going to make several references to things that you won't understand.

Because it's all one day for us.

It's one day for us and hopefully it's one day for you because you're listening to these all in a row.

You saved them up.

You little Bingey.

Yes, you little Bingey.

You little Bingey.

You little Binge.

You saved them all up.

You little Bitchy.

Oh, God.

So we're counting down these episodes.

Comedy Bang Bang, we've been going.

This is our third.

We're in our 13th year.

We had our 12th anniversary this year.

It's a show, certainly the show where we talk to interesting people.

I've talked about that for a while.

It's humanity's podcast.

Thank you so much.

Could even span a career further out than humanity.

Animal humanity?

Animals definitely.

I mean, as far as I know, no one's claims that they're animals' favorite podcasts yet.

So why shouldn't this show be?

Do you think an animal has ever listened to an episode of Comedy Bang Bang all the way through?

Definitely.

I'm sure mine have while they sit there who's like wishing they could go outside instead of being forced in my office.

I bet they're listening.

You think they're listening?

I think they're listening.

They hear you talk all day.

So I mean, they have to be listening because you can't shut your ears off.

But there's a difference between listening and listening.

You know what I mean?

Oh, you didn't say listening.

Oh, it should have been.

Do you think there's ever been an animal that's listened to a Comedy Bang Bang episode on their their their?

I don't know.

That's an interesting question, but I'm just going to claim it.

Like paid attention to it.

Yeah, I'm going to claim that, yes, this is every, it's the Animal Kingdom's favorite podcast.

Wow.

I'm just going to say it.

If not, if not your show, then who's show?

What other show could it be?

Certainly not Joe Rogan.

You don't think an animal would enjoy Joe Rogan?

Well, okay.

Maybe only animals enjoy Joe Rogan.

Like one of those pop belly pigs.

Yeah.

What show would a pop belly pig listen to and really think about it?

Like don't don't make a joke.

Hmm.

Like assuming they understood English or?

No, not even assuming they understood English.

Just thinking that they find this sounds pleasant too.

Yes.

And retain all the knowledge or.

Yeah, like if you played it again, they would know what it was.

They would know what it was.

They'd have a memory of hearing it before.

Office ladies.

Yeah.

Pigs are very smart animals.

Pigs are very smart.

Look, they want to have sex with cats.

They're smart.

If you're smart, you'll want to have sex with cats.

When you hear the noises a cat makes during sex, you're like, oh, this is going to be wild.

I went in on that.

Oh, we have a good.

Oh my God.

So we're counting down these episodes.

Yes, we know.

Comedy bang bang.

Episodes.

Your.

Should we get to them?

Yeah, man.

You want to get to it?

Yeah.

This is what we're doing.

It's Monday.

We just had a.

What if I took over this part?

We just had a Holly Jolly Christmas.

You don't want to take over this part.

You're surprised by everything that happened.

But what if I weren't?

I don't know.

This plan, suppose, is what if I weren't?

Okay.

Wait, you want to switch roles?

I want to switch roles just for one segment to see how it goes.

But you're going to peek ahead.

Yeah, I don't care.

Who gets a shit?

Tell you what.

You're the listener.

I'll take.

Holy shit.

Am I supposed to be the standing for the listener?

Yes.

You're the audience surrogate.

No.

You're a total dumb shit.

I didn't know that.

I want to be the God powers.

Do you want me to send you a pic of what our next episode is?

No, I'm like, read all the shit.

I want to treat you the way you treat me.

Yeah, I'll send you a pic of all the info.

All right, great.

Okay, but that way I don't have to hand you my phone and that way you can't peek ahead at the, I'll just give you the info of the next.

We're going to peek ahead, Jesus H.

I know you would.

All right, texting you everything and we'll see how you do it.

Okay.

We'll see how you do it.

Do it.

Friday night and a 100.

Alright, here we go.

This is your episode number seven.

Number seven.

Alright, number seven.

Okay, Scott, this is episode 728.

Oh, from October 18th, 2021.

Okay, no, don't you look at your phone too.

I know what the thing.

Okay, go ahead.

This is called Phoebeing for some Phoebs.

Oh, yes, I remember this.

Do you remember who was on this one?

I remember it's Phoebe Robinson, the second Phoebe that we had on this year.

That's right.

Can you imagine a year where two Phoebe's co-existed?

Oh, that can't happen.

It happened on this show.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, two Phoebe's can exist in the same year, but not in the same week.

That's true.

That didn't happen.

What's really sad is knowing that Phoebe Robinson and Phoebe Bridgers, like one of them is not alive for a week.

Yeah, they switch off.

Out of existence.

Yeah, they bla- and it's not like they're dead or anything.

They just think out of existence.

No.

Yeah.

It's a shame for the loved one.

It's a shame.

So Phoebe Robinson, who else is on this one?

I know Casey Faye, right?

He plays your former dare officer, Officer Dreary.

Dreary, yes.

And then isn't a young man named Paul F. Tompkins on this episode?

Well, yes, that's me.

And I played a character on this show called an English person.

And English person.

And you only wanted to be introduced as an English person.

Yes, that's correct.

That's correct.

You didn't even tell me your name, I can't remember.

No, and you honored my request?

I did.

I really had to think about it though.

I think I gave you the name though.

Oh, you did.

I introduced you as your name.

I believe you did, yes.

This is a funny episode.

People love this.

Wait, there's somebody else you're forgetting.

Shit.

This is fun.

I like this role.

Oh, it's Gabers.

Yeah.

He's playing Geno.

Okay, yeah.

I was going to see if you knew that.

All right.

And Phoebe's on promoting her new book.

And Gabers was Geno, of course.

I did this character, a new character where I was narrating everything.

It's like a David Attenborough impression, but it turns out he's not David Attenborough, but a relative.

All right, and we'll hear exactly who he is.

And let's talk about the process behind it when we come back.

Yes, but just know, in this clip, there are spoilers for many Saints of Newark.

That's right.

Well, this came out and I think a few people were upset that there was a spoiler for the very beginning of many Saints of Newark.

And I would counter, didn't that movie come pre-spoiled?

Right.

You know, because the spoiler is something that you already saw in the Spreynos.

I mean, if you're just playing on watching just this movie.

Oh, I just meant that the movie was spoiled.

I just would just say, Scott, that's very clever.

That's very clever.

It's fun.

Not a good movie, that's what I was saying.

But in any case, yes.

There is a, so if you're really touchy about this movie that came out months and months ago, at the time this episode came out, it had just come out.

And by now you've heard is not very good.

And people may have had expectations of like, I might like this.

And then, oh no, this was, but it is a spoiler for the very, very beginning of the movie.

Which, can that even be a spoiler?

It can be a very beginning.

Well, I can understand it.

You want to go in with just fresh eyes and not even knowing what you're going to see.

I saw a movie the other day that I was like, I had no idea what it was about.

And I liked it more for that because I had no expectations about it.

Titanic.

Yeah.

I had never heard, I'd never read a history book.

I don't know much about history books is what I said at one point.

What about biology books?

Love them.

All of them guts.

All right, let's hear this clip from episode 728.

This is going, I believe this is going to be.

Is this me?

Yeah.

This is the clip is of you.

Yes.

Okay.

It's just as, it's his first time.

And then no longer loves Halloween.

All right.

Yeah, no way we go.

Here we go.

Number seven.

It's his first time on the show.

Please welcome for the first time Kevin Attenborough.

Having been introduced, the guest approaches the microphone and says, hello.

Oh, hello, Kevin.

So nice to meet you.

It's very nice to be met by you.

Thank you so much.

Of course.

Having me on this program.

Yes.

It's wonderful to have you.

It's a full, rich voice you have.

I was going to say luxurious and that didn't fit.

Then illustrious, that doesn't fit either.

But your voice is great.

The confused compliment is received and appreciated.

Of course, this is Phoebe Robinson, by the way.

I don't know if you've ever met a best-selling author.

A best-selling author appears.

She is engaging, warm and friendly.

Ooh.

Nice.

Now do, now do Gino.

Oh, yeah.

This is Gino.

Nice to meet you, Kevin.

I don't know how to explain him.

The Gino speaks a greeting, perhaps.

It was.

The guy's good.

I mean, he nailed it.

Exactly what you are.

I'm going to say technically a greeting.

Yeah.

So, Kevin.

Creatures such as this Gino must not vanish from the earth.

I don't think there's any.

I think he might be the one person with that opinion, but I appreciate it.

Well, I think what he's trying to say is probably what your aunt and your mom say, which is like you got a procreate.

You know?

You got a procreate.

You know, I mean, you're getting up there.

At this point, you've been in college for 10 years or so.

Yeah, it's putting me well into my, you know, so I'll have to be in the next week.

You got to freeze your business.

Oh, I forgot two deep freezers full of cum blobs.

What?

The planet is to survive.

Measures must be taken to reverse the half.

So Kevin, what?

Well, you're on this show.

What all I have is you're an English person.

I'm sorry that my booker screwed up.

I think he just wrote down English person because he doesn't know, you know, anything about you, but tell us a little bit about yourself.

Approaching America for the first time from the air, it appears to be nothing more than a massive clouds, but soon those clouds recede and you see the brown and green that make up a continent.

So, okay.

Yeah.

So you touching down on the tarmac, one realizes that the earth is bigger than what is merely in front of our eyes.

Oh, good.

Good.

Okay.

So you came here from England making his way to the podcast studio.

The guest notes the parking structure, how to enter, how to exit the ticket that must be saved.

He's going to do the parking stuff.

He did it.

That's amazing.

Wow.

I want to hear this guy describe everything from the, from the earth, which he already did, the macro to the micro.

You know what I mean?

Like bugs and stuff.

Holy shit.

The earth and the parking structure.

Fucking shattered me.

There was nothing in between I noticed.

There was the earth.

And then I guess California he did, he did parking structures kind of cell phone is produced and a photograph is taken of the number of the parking space.

This is done for future reference.

I mean, it's not that big of a parking space structure.

I have to say it's one level.

So I secure that the information has been filed away.

The guest leaves the parking structure and presses the elevator button.

Oh, he's going to do the elevator boy.

This is incredible.

So how did you, did you have a nice trip up to the studio?

Entering the tiny chamber.

The guest waits until the doors once again make their presence known.

A sudden lurch is felt as the elevator rises into what can only be described as the air.

Holy shit.

That's exactly the feeling of the elevator.

Right now with a shuddering stop, the doors again recede and the guest exits.

I've never heard it broken down exactly.

I've never been on an elevators and now I know exactly what it's like.

You've never been on an elevator?

It doesn't register my body weight.

It always says anti-elevate anytime I try to do it.

I usually have to sneak in underneath like one of those platinum serving things.

You know, a close.

Thank you.

Kevin.

So one thing he didn't ever see.

He just corrected you.

Fuck man.

I don't have to narrate everything.

It is just something that my family does.

I wanted to say your voice and your speaking style sounds a lot like a certain person by the name of Richard Attenborough.

Is that or David Attenborough?

David Attenborough.

Who is of course the brother of Richard?

Yeah.

What is Richard Attenborough's deal?

What did he do?

Welcome to Jurassic Park.

That's right.

If nothing else, he made his mark with that.

And doesn't he do?

He's the guy.

Could you imagine Richard Attenborough working at Walmart?

Welcome to Walmart.

Because he's the guy outside the Jurassic Park ride that you see on the videos, right?

Yes.

Dino DNA.

So you're the nephew of that guy.

I am his great-great-grandson.

Oh, you are.

I am but 14 years old.

Oh, you're 14 years old.

Very excited to be leaving school and traveling to America unaccompanied for the very first time.

Really sorry about trying to get into the bathroom while you were in there before.

Why are you pounding on the door?

He brightens the occupant of the restroom.

He cows and waits for the knocking to go away.

I got to ask Kevin, why were you in charge of the parking ticket?

Weren't you driven here by someone?

No.

In America, I drive myself.

What?

No, I mean, maybe in England, that's okay.

I don't know.

They do everything on the opposite side.

So maybe like you can drive when you're a baby and then when you're 16, you can't anymore.

Is that how they do anything?

I feel like it has to do with your foreskin.

Yeah, okay.

I don't know.

You're driving a department of motor vehicles.

There is an exemption for one such as me.

14 year old from England are permitted to drive really if they drive on the opposite side of the street.

Wait, so you're a 14 year old and driving on the opposite side of the street.

This sounds like a traffic hazard.

It isn't so far.

Okay.

Well, what time did you arrive here?

4.30 AM.

Yes.

Okay.

Well, yeah, that explains it.

You're going to have a tough time getting out of here.

So do you want to be a famous narrator much like your great, great, great grandfather?

If the clan is to continue, someone must teach the young ones the work of the family.

Okay.

Now we're talking the clan, your family, right?

With a seat.

Okay, good.

That just wanted to make that clear with the seat.

Certain words have been ruined.

They really have.

You've got seven groups of people.

I know.

Like what?

Like he's British.

And he gets cigarettes anymore.

Oh.

Yes, we only call it the one thing.

So you want to be a, you want to do what your family did?

That's a no.

No, I wish to carve out my own life for myself.

Really?

At the risk of being shunned by the others.

I will go my own way.

So they would shun you because you don't want to narrate things or welcome to people to Jurassic Park.

I guess the family circles tightly.

They will not let the young ones leave for fear of the danger outside.

Oh, no.

But one young one breaks free.

He makes his own way across the continent to find himself in a podcast studio.

So wait, you landed in New York then and came all the way across the, yeah, of North America.

How did you travel across the plane would have crossed the continent to?

I guess so.

But across the, yeah, I guess I don't expect you to narrate every little step of it.

I, you know, thanks.

So you want to do your own thing though.

I want to do my little Kevin to become the next Tony Hawk.

That skateboarder Tony Hawk?

Like as an actor or skateboarder Tony Hawk.

There's a skateboarder named Tony Hawk.

Yeah, that's, I mean, that's the guy I'm thinking of.

He's a famous skateboarder.

He perfected all these weird tricks.

Phoebe, you must know Tony Hawk, right?

I mean, yeah.

You might know him.

Tony Hawk pro sked it too.

Yeah.

I mean, you're of the generation that idolized Tony Hawk, right?

Yes, he was my favorite.

Yeah, of course.

He's what made me get into comedy.

Of course.

Yeah.

Discovering there are two Tony Hawks is surprising.

I don't know about there.

Resiliently the young one forges ahead.

I don't know that there are two Tony Hawks.

I have to say Kevin because.

What is your Tony Hawk?

Yeah, what does he want to emulate do?

He is a super marionation puppet who rode on a rocket ship in a poorly received BBC pilot.

I guess I didn't see this, but what was the pilot called?

It was called Tony Hawk Flies Under the Moon.

Okay, so that's the only that you have an hour.

That's the only thing you know, Tony Hawk.

21 minutes.

The title of the show itself is sort of an undersell.

He flies underneath the moon and flies over it or around it at the very least.

He doesn't even look up.

He didn't even look at it as he passed it.

He goes under the moon and just sits there.

I wouldn't at least tilt my neck up.

Then he dictates a letter to his wife saying, this is dull.

Why did I do this?

It wasn't worth our marriage.

When he returns to earth.

When he returns to earth, he finds his wife has died.

What?

In the arms of another man.

Oh, okay, so he knew they broke up.

They all buried in a huge coffin.

What?

Together?

Yes.

You can do that?

No, it was a TV program.

Oh, okay, okay.

Wow, so God, I haven't heard about this show.

True, but fearing moral decay.

Picketed the BBC for years and years.

Years and years because of this 121 minute program.

And you saw it and you said, I want to do what part of it exactly?

I want to fly under the moon.

Yeah, okay.

Well, this time I will look up.

Yes, I've had great big ball of cheese.

A spacecraft equipped with a window in the ceiling.

Like a sunroof.

A moonroof probably.

Yeah, I guess it would be a moonroof.

Yeah, because you don't want it to open and be you're going to look at the moon.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah, that's a good point.

Well, I mean, people are flying up into space all the time these days.

People are people.

So why should it be?

Big Depeche Mode fan.

Wait, you're just talking?

You never sent the BBC pilot starring Depeche Mode?

Allah Mode.

They were they working in ice cream shop?

It eventually evolved into the TV show The Young One.

Yeah, that's right.

The entire band was fired, replaced by actors.

Incredible.

So you, I mean, people are flying up in space these days.

Incredible.

Yes, thank you.

It's almost like you're a member of the Church of Commercials.

People are flying up there like William Shatner.

He's going to go up there and he's like almost dang 90 years old or something like that.

He's going to fly up there.

Jabizos is going to buzz around up there.

I mean, much like Buzz Aldrin.

He was the original buzz up there.

I didn't realize how many boring old people were flying into space.

Yeah.

It's starting to lose its appeal.

It really is.

We need young blood up there, you know?

Pass.

You're not going to do it anymore.

You've talked me out of this.

This is your main life stream.

I mean, you're 14.

I understand like these things change.

Yeah, when I was 14, I wanted to be a Navy SEAL.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

But then Obama, then you know, Obama got elected.

I'm sorry.

I refuse to fight on his side.

I guess I'm an Osama got killed.

I can play in the dude.

What is he doing?

I do that all the time.

I never realized that those two names sound so similar.

Well, then I've got a bunch of flags on trucks among islands to show you.

Okay.

So you don't want to do it anymore.

Well, okay, great.

Maybe you should just narrow things because you're great at it.

Narration.

Why does it exist when the medium of television is show not say?

I know.

Yeah.

It is interesting.

Anytime Narration pops up in something like, I watched this Hugh Jackman movie the other day.

I didn't say he.

No, not jappy.

Is he?

Is he a Jackman in that?

I haven't seen that.

Ooh, put that on the list.

But I saw whatever just came out.

It was like, reverie or reminiscence or reminiscence.

Reminiscence.

Is it reminiscence?

The minute it starts, it's like, so I work at this place and it's like, he's just explaining everything.

The many scenes in Newark starts with a dead character from the Soprano series, Christopher Moltasanti, knowing the setup of the voiceover and even saying, and I'm going to hell soon.

Oh, no.

He's aware that he's dead.

Buried in a Catholic cemetery, the character describes his own murder at the hands of Tony Soprano.

Oh, no.

Because he's talking about working on Sharktale.

Because he was great.

I did a V.O. session with him.

He was amazing.

Moltasanti?

No, whoever plays him.

Empyreoli.

Yes.

You ever play.

You had life on a great session, it must have been.

You had life on Mars, Christopher.

Tribute to a wonderful actor, whoever plays him.

The guy who plays Christopher, my favorite actor from life on Mars.

And the Emmy goes to the guy who played Christopher.

Did he win?

He showed off.

He's great, whoever it was.

Oh, well, yeah, just nary things now.

This is great.

I mean, you know, your family will be happy.

I'll be happy.

If you see.

If you see what?

If you see.

Oh, a seal on a beach and an orca comes out of the ocean and bites the seal in half.

Do you need someone to explain what's going on?

I guess not.

That would be kick-ass if I saw that though.

Pretty obvious.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Now I want to see that.

Do you know where I can see something like that?

Yes.

Where?

There is a nature program that's all about whales called Secrets of the Whales, narrated by Sigony Weaver.

Sigony Weaver from Alien.

My gosh.

And there is a long, long section where young orcas are practicing how to snatch a seal off the beach, practicing to the point where the viewer feels as if it's supposed to root for this gigantic monster to destroy this tiny dog of the ocean.

So they're practicing so they're just like picking them off one by one or they're practicing on rocks?

Not at first.

You watch them getting good at it and then eventually they get the seal.

Oh my God.

That was the thing that I didn't want to be a Navy CL after I saw that.

That orc thing.

Because once that could happen, if that could happen to a baby seal, it could happen to a Navy.

Exactly.

Of course.

The baby seal admiring its grandparents grows up and enlists in the surface and becomes a Navy seal.

Yep.

Do you think a seal knows its grandparents or is it just like other animals?

You know what I mean?

What?

No, I understand the first, he looks at his grandparents and says other animals.

You know what I mean?

It's at his extended family and says other animals.

But you know, do they have relationship like obviously there's no language between...

I don't think there's like a seal grandma putting $5 in a card and giving it to the seal every birthday.

That's my question is like there's no language between them.

So the concept of a grandparent like with you...

The seal suffocated by his mother's desires has no choice but to stay at home and take care of the family.

You'd know your mom because of all the...

All the... he wanted to go out and star as Sally Bowles in a revival of Cabaret for seals.

Are we talking about seal the singer right now?

He wanted to star in Cabaret.

Seal who loves Halloween, now estranged from his former wife Heidi Klum.

Yes.

Puts on an elaborate costume all by himself at home, turns off the porch lights and watches the remake of Candela.

This I want to see.

See this is a documentary I want to see you've picked my interest here.

I'm just telling a story that hasn't happened.

I'm not narrating anything.

It should happen.

God.

Hopefully it doesn't snow because did you know that when it snows his eyes become light.

You know what we do of course we know.

We all know what happens to...

Poor guy.

See, be you a seal fan.

I do.

I do like you.

Yeah.

He's great right?

Amazing.

To think about him on Halloween he used to go to all those parties with Heidi Klum.

He just got to sit around the house.

God, you're really making your break in my heart here.

Do you think seal's not getting invited to Halloween party since he got divorced from cool?

Well, I mean she seemed like the one who wanted to do all the big like, haha I'm a super model but I don't dress, you know, like sexy.

I put bolts in my neck isn't that cute.

You know, so that seemed like her thing.

And now like if he goes, he could kick it up like eight notches and be like, no, I was the mastermind behind all this.

And his thing is comedy movies.

Yeah, that's true.

Yeah.

You have pop star.

That's the one I know.

And somebody else that was good.

Oh, the mass singer too.

He was in that maybe the most recognizable voice to ever be in the mass singer.

Like the minute he did he opened his boy.

Everyone was like, Oh, this is seal.

Yeah, he was dressed like a seal.

That was the other part of it.

Everyone's like, is it craft?

Is it craft?

And was like, no, it's seal.

That's a modern reference, right?

I got it.

Thank you.

Gino, it's timeless.

Well, Kevin references.

Crusted in age.

Lost on the listeners of the podcast.

Well, yeah, probably.

Kevin, I feel bad for you.

A thousand people flock to Wikipedia to see if they can understand their favorite program.

It's usually to change someone's page because of something we talked about.

Seal his page altered.

Now no longer loves Halloween.

We're seven.

Now Scott, I know this one took you by surprise because the rhythms are a little different than one of my own characters.

This is what I wrote down of what I was going to talk about.

Yes, it did, Paul.

I don't know if you felt that when we were doing it.

No, I felt great.

You've felt like you had trouble figuring out what to do with it.

A little bit because Paul, we have such an easy rapport, usually with our characters where I'm not saying easy rapport in the sense of like your characters like me or anything.

No, they don't.

But I normally know the rhythms of what to ask.

Here's the thing.

They're more conversational.

They're a little more conversational.

That probably is what it was.

You were narrating things which is not as maybe as active in a way.

It's about talking about something that happened in the past.

Maybe that's what it was.

Well, what I was trying to do and what was tricky about it and more tricky than I...

trickier than I imagined it was going to be.

I was trying to narrate as if I were having a conversation and saying things, not just recapping what is going on, but also describing my characters' thoughts and feelings as if it's something that I was saying to you.

Does that make sense?

Yes.

Does that make sense?

Yes.

Is this something that you were doing at home when you were watching a particular documentary that was being narrated?

Oh, I will always imitate him any time I see a thing.

Yes, but any time I see one of his nature docs, I will always imitate him.

For the next day or so, you'll wander around the house narrating what you're doing.

No, don't do that.

That's insane.

Like a fucking crazy weird.

No, I'm not crazy weird.

Oh, you got to believe it, guys.

Don't let Scott turn you against me.

No, it was interesting because it was a little like...

The rhythm was...

Just the rhythm was a little different or something.

So I was a little set back on my heels a little bit of like, am I dealing with this right?

And so I couldn't quite tell if I was doing a good job.

Because you don't want to fuck up the bit.

I don't want to fuck up the bit.

So I'm trying to lay out a little bit, but also, so whatever.

But I remember in the first five minutes of it or so going like, am I doing okay?

I can't quite tell.

And so I left from it going like, I thought it was really funny, but I'm not sure if I did a good job.

And then to have everyone receive it the way that it was received.

Yeah, you did a perfect job.

Well, I wouldn't say perfect, but thank you.

Yeah, a very funny episode and people...

Universal acclaim for what you did on that.

It was fun, yeah.

And it was very different.

It was a slower character for sure.

And everything was very deliberately said and so forth.

But it was a lot of fun.

And I was glad I was able to do it on the show.

Now, let's talk about Casey.

Casey Faye.

He...

This was his first episode.

He's still on stage with Susie Barrett.

No, I didn't.

No, Susie mentioned...

You're just reading my notes and they make sense to me.

Can I just say what they are?

Susie mentioned during her plug, so you asked for his email.

Oh, God.

No, here's what happened.

Before the pandemic, I went to the UCB.

I can't remember why.

Oh, no, we were having dinner next door.

We said, let's pop in.

Franklin and company?

I think it was.

And this was back when you could have dinner and just go out and walk to a place.

This is before everybody got a trophy.

So, we pop next door and there happened to be a funny improv show going on that Mike Mitchell was in.

Who did he do a scene with?

It was so funny.

It was...

They were both Lighthouse captains.

I can't remember who it was, but it was really, really funny.

Will you have the phone?

It was...

I mean, it was the month that that was out.

So, it was like sort of based on that or something.

But it was really funny.

And then I saw a whole bunch of other people and when I see someone that I think is really funny, I would like look them up, like try to hear their name or whatever or look up who was on the show that night.

And then for a while, I was keeping like in all of my tabs that I have open on my, like Safari on my iPhone.

I would have a tab of like, hey, I got to somehow figure out how to contact this person.

And so Casey Faye's like bio was in my phone for years.

His bio...

His bio material.

His DNA was in my phone.

Dineau, Dineau.

Yes, by the way.

I want to mention that's...

It cracked me up so much when you said dineau.

I think I wrote that down.

You did right.

You just wrote down dineau DNA.

Dineau DNA.

Yes.

It's so funny.

Dineau DNA.

Listening back to the clips.

I was dying of that.

Okay.

So anyway, I had Casey Faye's like biography as an open tab in my phone for years, right?

And I didn't know how to get ahold of him or...

For years.

And of just like, oh, that was a really funny person.

I should try to figure out if they can do the show.

I need a better system is what I'm trying to say.

I don't know.

It seems to have worked.

But then the pandemic hit and I...

We had to sort of close ranks.

Maybe I talked about this.

And test.

But we had to close ranks a little bit and use people that we knew had good microphones.

And so the amount of people that we could have on the show, and like I said, it's hard to have more than three sometimes on a zoom.

So it just...

It became a little more insular.

And so it went years where I just was not following up on these people that I thought were really funny that I was keeping on my phone.

And then we opened back up and Susie Barrett, who's been on the show a couple of times recently, she just played the potato a couple of weeks ago, which was really funny.

And also was on with you in a different episode.

She in her plugs mentioned him of something that she's like, I'm doing a show with this person, this person in K.C.

Fay.

And I like grabbed her after the episode and was like, do you know K.C.

Fay?

Do you have his email?

Look at my phone tab.

I was like, I can solve this problem that I've had for two years.

But he was really funny and I want to have him back on the show.

But yeah, anyway.

How many times do you have right now?

Okay, well...

I...

Let me see.

I've now...

It was in the hundreds, I think.

But I...

The fuck?

I finally figured out that you can arrange them in by subject matter.

So now I only have 26 in my name.

When you say tabs, do you mean like Safari?

Yes, Safari tabs.

Like I mean like open web pages.

Yeah.

For stuff that I refer to all the time.

Yeah.

Okay.

I know.

Hey man, it's your life.

Well, you know, like probably about five of them are just things that I was looking at right before the show.

But then they're a good...

Fair.

A good 25.

A good 21 that I am constantly going back to...

Wow.

I'm gonna be like, oh okay.

And they're just like it's easier than closing them.

Also I don't want to lose them.

I don't know.

Anyway, there's got to be a better system.

But anyway, that's why K.C.

So you can mark them like you ordered a book.

I've tried it.

I tell you what, I did that one day and I bookmarked all my tabs.

And I was trying to find one the other day.

This is at home on my home theater.

Just the other day I was walking down the street.

A pretty lady came up to me and I was like, I don't know what to say.

Bill?

No but I went to go find it and none of it had worked.

I did like a hundred of them.

That's horrible.

And closed them all.

And none of it had worked.

I didn't say any of them.

And I was just like, well I don't know how to find this thing anymore.

Anyway, I'm an idiot.

Scott, don't talk that way about someone that I love.

I wasn't talking about Jamie.

I'm talking about myself.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Oh wait, whenever we mention Jamie, you get a bonus.

Sure.

But funny episode, any final thoughts about that episode?

Now it's time for my final thought.

I thought this was a good episode and everybody liked it, including me?

Yes.

Take care of each other.

What did he sign off with?

Jerry Springer?

Jerry Springer.

I don't know.

What could he possibly sign off with?

I can't imagine him saying take care of each other.

I can't get the hosting the show.

Take care of each other.

So I don't have to do this anymore.

I think he did have some sign off, but I can't remember.

We'll find out.

We will.

We will definitely find out and we'll sign off with it.

Okay, we have to take a break.

Or did you want to do this part too?

Nah.

No.

Yeah, I got it.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to be, we're going to be, we're going to be at number six.

Oh my gosh.

Number six.

That's going to be exciting.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

Boy, oh boy, we're back.

Comedy bang bang boy, oh boy, we're back and there's nothing you can do about it.

You can't stop us from being back.

You could stop this episode, but we'll still be back.

Oh shit, that's true.

They could stop it.

That is, please don't stop the episode.

That is sort of like they stopped us.

We want you to.

Please.

Have a look at your.

Look at your heart.

Listen to this episode.

It was a good movie.

That movie's good.

It's good.

That movie's good, Millie's crossing.

You just watched it again.

I could watch it again.

I haven't seen it in a while.

Every time I think about it, it makes me want to watch it.

Very good.

I'd say about that, me and some friends were watching three Cohen every weekend we were planning on watching three Cohen brother movies.

Oh, you know what they say, make a plan and watch God laugh.

And he did.

What a weird thing for God to be.

God's a, it takes us joy.

He doesn't have anyone talks about God.

He's usually an asshole.

He sounds like a real bad dude.

He's a real dip.

He's a drip.

But we did it one week.

We watched the first three Cohen brothers movies.

Chronologically.

We're doing chronologically and we're going to do it for eight weeks in a row or something like this.

So we did the first week we watched blood simple, raising Arizona and then Millers crossing.

Great.

Next week.

We decided to do it again and we were we did Barton.

We had Barton Fang, Cud Sucker and then Fargo, I think, was after that, right?

Sounds right.

But what happened is cool up made barbecue beef in a big crock pot.

Sounds like a problem.

And our good friend Paul Rust laughing and joking in our kitchen was laughing and having a good time and took the serrated knife.

I remember this right now and was cutting open his role to put the barbecue beef on and sliced open his hand and blood went everywhere.

Ceiling refrigerator in the barbecue beef everywhere.

And I can't tell you we he was the first like none of us had gotten the our own beef.

He had he was the first one there and I was just like our mouths were salivating for this beef.

Of course I had to take him to the hospital and and the whole time I'm gaming out like where can we get barbecue beef in this area?

Like whenever whenever my responsibility of taking Paul to the hospital is done.

Yeah.

Wait.

Did you try the hospital?

They didn't have any.

Oh, okay.

Weirdly enough.

Just lunch time.

We had just watched the we had just watched.

Barton Fink Barton Fink and oh my God.

And we didn't end it like we ended up just getting fast food or whatever.

Well, because you know you can't eat that beef of it as human blood and because then you get the taste for it.

Yeah, exactly.

And then I'll put you down.

Just a rabid human.

But great day.

And then we never picked it back up.

That was the thing we had a plan.

We had a ruined it.

Of course.

Of course you never picked it back up.

Ruined it.

He did.

But we did go see Fargo for Neil Campbell's birthday.

His girlfriend rented a theater and surprised him with his favorite movie.

Oh, that's wonderful.

Yeah, the list feel is three over there is.

So we've had some good Coen brothers times, but.

Sure.

Is that the end?

No, it's not the end times.

I'd love to do that again at some point, but I never will, I'm sure.

But anyway, it was a good idea while it lasted.

I think I've seen every one of their movies.

The only one I've never finished was.

Can I finish?

Yeah, I want to never finish was.

What is it?

You're reconcilable differences or whatever.

Is that what it's called?

Intolerable or cruelty.

Yeah, that's the truth.

I do this every I have to go there for.

You never finished that one.

Never finished it.

That's on the theater.

So I.

We walked out.

You walked out.

Yes.

Walked out.

Interesting.

I just saw the final one I hadn't seen, which was the Billy Bob Thornton barber one.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Great performance by Richard Jenkins.

Yeah, Richard Jenkins, by the way, great performance in a new movie Nightmare Alley.

I just read that book.

Oh, you did?

Yes.

It's a good book.

It's from the 40s, like from 1947 or so.

Well, the original movie I've owned for a while.

I didn't know there was an original movie.

There's a noir, like 40s or 50s version of it.

That is really good.

They had to tack a happy ending on it, I guess.

But that was the aforementioned movie that I didn't know anything about.

So I came in without.

I think if I had known what it was about, I would have been expecting the quote, plot unquote of it to start a little earlier than it does in the movie.

But I was just like, didn't know anything about it?

And fully expected the first half of the movie to just be what it was about.

And then like, does a switcheroo?

That sounds pretty faithful to the book, actually.

Yeah.

And I will say that after I've read the, after I finished the book, I looked up the cast because I just heard that Guillermo del Toro was doing it.

Right.

And I was in it.

And then I was very excited.

It was like, this is great casting.

It's great casting.

Richard Jenkins is really good in it.

Yeah.

And good movie.

I enjoyed it.

I mean, I know a lot of people are like, well, it's not as good as the original or whatever, the original movie.

Because that's like classic.

But whatever.

Fuck yourself.

I've never heard of it.

Fuck yourself.

And fuck me.

Fuck your head.

Fuck me.

And if you're a pig, fuck a cat.

Fuck that pig.

Fuck that.

Fuck your cat.

Fuck a cat.

You're pig.

Fuck a cat.

You're pig.

I don't know what we were talking about, but we were talking about the comic.

We were talking about looking at your art.

Okay.

Yeah.

Got it.

I'm back.

Okay.

We have to retrace every time.

Why were we talking about something so we don't skip over anything?

Okay.

Let's get to it.

This is your choice for episode number six.

Number six.

Okay.

Number six.

Paul.

Hi.

Your name is Paul.

I am Paul.

And we've never met before.

Is that correct?

Yes.

Is this my card?

All right.

This is episode 709.

Okay.

From June 7th, 2021.

It's 2021.

6, 7, 2021.

Okay.

But just all right.

Think about what was happening in the world.

In the world.

In the world of June 2021.

By the way, Devin and Ryan have switched seats.

I don't know what's happening.

It's really, they did it without.

Ryan was like, I want to sit in your ass heat and vice versa.

I want to sit in your ass heat.

I mean, nodded too.

Yeah.

That was the conversation.

Is it in there?

Is it the same temperature in both rooms?

Oh boy.

Get a space heater.

Hey, get a space heater.

You too.

I love it.

And is it, is it, is it, is it, is it, is it, can he shacker?

Is it just another ruddy danger field movie where he's like, hey, you two get a room and then you just get a warehouse.

I'm not familiar with that.

No, I think it must be another movie.

Okay.

Maybe a back to shoe.

It's something like that.

Yes.

Okay.

So this is, this is June 7th.

What was going on in the world?

I don't know.

Well, I'll tell you one thing.

I can't remember.

This is an episode called Sprigs Survivor.

And what was going on in the world was we were back in studio, baby.

Oh, that's what was going on in the world.

Well, no, the vaccines had rolled out and I don't know if you remember, but many of you remember, but may, mid may was when everyone started feeling like comfortable.

I do remember that.

Yes.

And I believe you and I and our significant others went and took a little mini trip this week as well.

Took a little trip.

So us going on a trip was what was going on in the world.

That's what was going on in the world.

We took a trip.

But this was our, I believe this is our first episode back in the studio completely back in the studio.

Wow.

So we had done a few hybrid shows where we had some guests from New York and such booked.

From New York City?

That's right.

Where the chili is bad.

And isn't that what that commercial is about?

I thought I got hot sauce.

Is it hot sauce?

Hot sauce.

These two switcharoo.

The switcharoo gang over here.

This is agreeing.

But I bet the chili is bad too.

There's no way there's any good chili in New York.

Name one good chili restaurant in New York.

Name the most famous New York chili restaurant.

But yeah, we had done a few hybrids.

I know there was one with with a cow.

Yeah, we put together a man with a cow's head.

And then a cow with a cow's head.

That was just a different cow.

A different cow's head.

No, but this, we had done a few and this was the first one where everyone was back.

And the excitement is just, it's just giddy energy.

It's pal pabale.

It's really us just like we hadn't seen each other.

Like we hadn't seen anyone in person for a long time.

And so to be in the same room doing this show that we love to do, it was really exciting.

So that's what you're going to hear.

The people involved are John Gabris, who's playing Geno, of course.

We have Sean, although I shouldn't say, of course, because he played a different character earlier in this countdown.

Yeah, you never knew with him.

You never knew one time.

One time.

Sean Disson is here.

Sean, this is his first appearance on the countdown, I believe.

Is it really?

No, Rudy North, I think they can't be the first to be.

No, I think this is his first appearance on the countdown.

Really?

Wow.

He is playing Sprague the Whisperer, of course, a person with whom I host another show called That's Right.

That's Right.

We have Will Hines.

Yeah, for mention, Will Hines.

We talked about him on the podcast earlier.

He is playing a character.

He came in and said he is a chair salesman with the name of Andy Mander's.

And then we have Mike Hanford, who lives in New York now, but he was in town that week.

There you go.

And he's playing someone named Zubie Kondereno.

And listen, I just want to take this time to give a special shout out to Lily Sullivan.

Please don't.

That'll come later.

So this is, we're going to hear clips from every segment of this.

That's my character's name again.

Zubie Kondereno.

Plus some other characters that they have done will drop by.

So we're going to hear a bunch of selections from this show.

This is what you chose to be number six.

Number six.

Well, we have to get to our first guest.

And, Gino, are you sticking around?

I can not tell.

I'm going to stick around, but I'm going to be quiet because I'm going to let other guests shine because I'm just an intern.

Okay, good.

All of you do that.

But we have to get to our first guest.

And he's someone who I've held dear to my own heart.

We were roommates for a while.

And during the pandemic.

And we watched a lot of movies together.

But I just got cried.

The entire Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Uvra together.

And we had a falling out.

I moved out and got my own place.

Yeah, I want to go to my house.

But you can still cry.

But welcome back to the show.

He is a producer over there at Whisper Studios.

Please welcome back Sprague to Whisper.

We're coming by ride back to the earwolf studios.

Hey, Scott.

I don't know what that was a parody of.

I was sick.

I think Wild Wild West or something.

But truly I pulled the trigger on it very late school.

Yeah, well, also you seemed to have forgotten it after three words.

What you were doing.

I'm like, I'm going straight.

Uncertainty in your eyes.

It was terrifying.

Yes, a lot easier on Zoom.

I could have notes in front of me.

I could have the backing track, the count in.

Two.

One.

I have to share your screen though.

So it would have been all the same.

You know, I fucked that up a few types of course.

Oh, history.

Oh, I fucked up so many shit screens.

Welcome back.

Do you know Gino?

I don't know whether you've ever been on the show.

I think we may have met on the show where there was maybe 40 with their deal.

We've crossed a couple of times in real cluster fucked times.

We really have.

And I do want to do.

I think you guys will be friends.

Listen, Gino, in a minute, I'm going to have a proposal for you.

Whoa.

Is it going to be indecent?

We'll see.

It might be.

I hope it's Ryan Reynolds, Sandra Bullock vehicle.

We'll have to figure it out.

Scott, can I do something I'm pissed about?

Oh, sure.

Is this a segment?

It's a segment.

Okay, great.

Yeah.

Spriggy's piss, baby.

Do we have to think some of the things wrong with the music?

I used to live downtown.

What's good about being a good student is you could sing and you're not hearing a delay.

Yeah.

That was really incredible.

Well, Spriggy's piss.

You know, Scott, me and Scott were working on the Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles reboot.

Of course.

Yeah, which turned out to not be a reboot.

It was actually we didn't have the rights to it.

We didn't have the rights, but we were doing something called Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, which I think we could have got away with on the posters.

I said, let's make them turtles.

Let's just make them, you know, 20, 25.

I wanted misspelled turtles.

That's the way to get the new book.

Okay.

All right.

So we were in pre-production.

We were working on our stunt coordination.

Pre-pro.

We were in pre-pro, of course.

But I found something out that blew up the entire project.

What happened here?

We'll tell everyone.

I know what happened, of course.

I'll tell everyone.

Did you guys know that it is illegal in the state of California to have nunchucks?

I did not know that.

I did not.

But you know, they just legalized it in New York.

Did they legal?

So we could shoot this in New York.

Turtles in the city.

Wait, who we can put the Ninja Turtles in New York city?

I like it.

That's idea.

This is an idea.

Oh, they gave pizza.

Yeah.

You guys are on fucking fire.

This is good.

Manhole?

I figured it out.

Oh, wait a minute.

It's going to be like, maybe Mr. Big could show up?

We might have.

And he just shows up and he's just like, getting the limo.

This is the end of the show.

We don't know if he's Mr. Big or if he's the dude from Law and Order.

I think he's a great idea.

So for right now, the California production has been shut down.

So I'm going to cast it.

Yeah, well, I mean, the surfing scene.

Oh, yeah.

It's not really, it seems more of like a set piece.

It was a big set piece.

You know, it was like a giant 25-plus set piece.

Giant.

He's going to cost us $3 million just for this.

Yeah, it was a crossover with Sharknado as well.

It was a lot.

I and Zearing was there.

And the fact that we had Michelangelo sort of doing his Nunchuck thing on the surfboard, we have to cut the whole scene.

Well, we also learned there is no eye in I and Zearing.

There's just an andzearing.

I mean, maybe you learned that.

I don't know if that was something I learned.

But here's the thing, Scott.

So here's the thing.

Okay.

Wait, is this a segment?

Here's the thing.

Here's the thing with Frankie, baby.

Here's the thing.

Baby was Frankie, baby.

Wow, wow, wow.

I used to live downtown.

Now, I, of course, because my turtle project is down the train, I've been...

No pun intended.

We made a lot of those jokes.

That's why we had to really clamp down on them because we were laughing too hard.

No pun intended on that.

We would laugh for like 15 minutes and then we would go like, what were we even talking about?

I'll declare this pun accidentally said.

Thank you.

Now, I have been watching Scott.

I've been watching a lot of survival.

Reset.

Okay, thank you.

You said my name.

Good.

Scott?

Okay, great.

That kid character.

Good.

I've been watching a lot of survivor episodes.

I've been watching a lot of survivor Scott and you know...

Not the band survivor.

No, no, no.

Not the eye of the tiger.

Survivor.

And that is what brings me to my proposal for Gino.

Oh.

This is unprecedented.

This is exciting.

Why am I going to get naked?

No, no, no, no, no.

Roll around and some money on a bed.

We can talk about that later.

We can be the indecent side of the proposal.

But right now Gino, I want to propose an alliance between our two characters.

Oh, he didn't have any characters.

No, I know what you mean.

Are you an answer character?

Oh, yes.

The way you are as a person.

If I think if Sprague and Gino form an unlikely alliance here, we might be able to win the best ofs this year.

Oh, this is a...

I like that.

Because usually it's every person for themselves.

It's so important.

We just do other episodes and just totally throw them.

Like we get there.

We start at this plan and I enacted it big time.

Any other episode you're on, you just throw the episode.

You make it a little weird.

You maybe say something that throws someone else's character off.

And then that way when the voting comes up, it's me and Gino strong in the end.

You know what I mean?

We can just make a big campaign for this episode.

No, we got to do that as well.

Oh, okay.

So the ones you're on together, you do really well on.

But the ones you appear on other people's episodes separately in you tank.

Listen, what's the stop you from making this same deal with some of these other fucking people?

Okay, no, so listen to me, Gino, Gino.

Right now, Gino, listen, we got the numbers.

Okay, right now I've got Rudy North.

Whoa!

I've got Mike Ruby the no-stay...

Oh, yeah, the no-stay bummer!

I've got a huge, huge fucking...

The two goats, we're going to take them to the finals.

Me and you, Gino.

But then it'll just be the two of you in the end.

It'll just be...

It's just an on your Patreon, is it Sprague?

No, okay.

Not, yeah, I'm game.

I can maybe get a slice here.

All right, I'm in.

It's making me a way.

I don't know how.

If we could make this a thing, then it feels like my Patreon.

Oh, yeah, wouldn't that be convenient?

That's like it's pretty good.

But I'm telling you, Gino, look, Gino, historically, your episodes don't get as many votes as they should, because you split the vote.

You're in so many...

Yes, you're in so many great episodes that people don't know what to vote for, plus everything you say kind of runs together.

Right, right, right.

Yeah, and a huge part of it is that I don't give a shit.

You're not voting hard.

That's the thing, Gino, that's the best thing.

No one will ever suspect it.

Yeah, so if you're a dark horse.

Me and you make it a alliance right now.

Okay, exactly.

Me and you make it a alliance.

We just get those two Sully-Sully-Sullenberger guys out of the fucking...

Yeah, you gotta get them out first, because they're the biggest threat right now.

Okay, what do you think?

Can I choose...

Is the voting open?

No, no, the...

No, we'll be open till November.

No, no, no.

If we can get through the...

You gotta lay the groundwork.

So this is just a five-month heads-up for the whole whole whole...

Yes, but what we've got to do today is we've got to vote what are these characters out of the episode at the end of the episode.

Oh, at the end of this episode, we're voting on someone else?

At plugs, me and you, Gino, we just got to hold strong.

Any of these other guys come in, these new characters.

So this is the survivor part.

This is the...

At the end of your fucking spiel.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So at the end of this episode, Gino, as long as we vote, it's got...

You're obviously playing all the sides.

Well, I'm probes.

You're probes.

In this situation, of course.

As long as we stay strong.

Greg?

Greg, Greg for him, of course.

He does.

But this is a good idea, right, you know?

This is a fucking wonderful idea.

Sprague, it was.

Yeah.

Well, this is fun.

So this is good stuff.

This is great.

I'm feeling really good.

I'm feeling like I can trust you guys.

Oh, of course you can trust.

Can I talk to you for a minute?

Oh my God, who's this?

I don't mean to interrupt.

Oh, he's just trying.

He's just trying.

I'm just trying to talk to you guys about me.

I left behind a DVD before the pandemic.

Oh, wait, which one?

The Blind Side DVD?

Oh, I've had the worst pandemic.

I haven't been able to watch my favorite movie.

Wait, I actually have...

It's not a DVD.

It's a Blu-ray.

It's not yours, I'm assuming, but it's the steelbook of Blind Side if you want that.

It's a Blu-ray?

It's a Blu-ray.

I don't have the equipment for that.

It's a DVD.

I'm looking for a DVD.

You don't have a Blu-ray player?

I do not.

No, you know, a rig.

It seems like you would need to get into all this stuff.

I'm letting a guy...

Could get a Blu-ray player, really.

Sure, I could, but I like the quality of a DVD.

Okay.

Well, you know what I'm...

Do you have an HDTV?

Is that...

Uh, an HD...

Not HDTV.

I...

Okay, now...

Yes, I do.

Okay.

You do have an HDTV?

I do have an HDTV.

Okay.

It's just got a lot of third time.

I know what this means.

Okay.

It's a TV.

It's a digital TV.

It's a TV with plants on it?

Okay.

Yeah, and so you don't have my DVD.

I don't have it.

I'm sorry, but come here for a second.

Come here.

Hold on.

Let me crawl into the...

What's going on?

Don't crawl into the neighborhood.

You brought this little weird dog tunnel thing.

Why have you got to put it down and crawl through it?

Are you doing agility classes after this?

It's, you know, I'm getting on an age and it's keeping...

Spry.

Okay, I understand.

Come here for a second.

Spry.

Oh, spry.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Different guy.

Come here for a second.

Hey, we need to vote out these two assholes.

We were all...

Yes.

From what I overheard, it was at the end of the episode.

They're too powerful.

We can't wait till the end of the episode.

And you overheard this?

I thought we were being so quiet.

No, I was behind that big steel door.

I think you got ripped off.

Oh, no.

In fact, some of the other studios here...

Oh, shit, this is just aluminum foil.

What are they doing?

Some of the other studios are complaining that you're bleeding into that.

Oh, no.

Are you in?

Do we have an alliance?

I'm in, but I'm not going to be here for long.

I need to take...

I know you had to take my DVD and a lunch I left before the pandemic.

Okay, but you can come back at the end of the show.

Was it in a ball?

Or by the door?

Yes.

It's gone.

Oh, from an iron.

That damn four-legged intern...

No, the three-legged intern, me.

Just kidding, I only have two.

His nub.

My little nub.

If I lay down, we don't have to get into it.

That's not...

You know, I'm going to sneak out of here and go away.

All right, John.

We'll see you at the end of the show.

She wants you...

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

Come on.

Don't get me started with that.

You are all asleep.

You've all fallen asleep.

I'm the realm of the dream lord.

Oh my gosh.

Well, to all of you, John Lennon.

Thin man with the big shirt.

Dr. Jean Alambardo, you can call him.

That could be John Lennon as well.

You really should specify.

Movie producer and host...

I won't be long.

I'm just starting to have you guys fall asleep.

I just...

What made us fall asleep, by the way?

I made you fall asleep.

I need to get a kick.

Oh, okay, it wasn't at all.

I am sorry or anything like that.

No, no, no, I'm just...

Hey, dream lord.

Can I talk to you about something?

Oh, okay, yes.

Sure, I am the master of this story.

I'm going to go play with these flying caterpillars.

Yeah, well, I'm going to titty-fucking Katy Perry.

Again.

Hey, dream lord, dream lord.

Hey, you're a good guy.

You know, I can talk to you.

I think I can trust you.

There's something about you that's very trust real.

I appreciate that.

You know, you're sort of a lord and I'm also a sprayer.

Yeah, sprayer, right?

Yeah, right.

Those are sort of similar.

Listen, we've got a beard.

You've got a blind.

We're going to split the fold and we're going to blindside Lennon.

We've got to get this guy out of here.

He's too good.

He's too fun-loving.

Without any context, I'm going to say I understand and I'm in.

Okay, good.

I will let you guys wake up now.

I'll see you later.

Woo!

All right, well, we do need to get to our next guest.

He is the aforementioned salesperson.

We're going to find out what he sells.

Please welcome to the show for the first time, Andy Manders.

Hey, Scott, thanks so much for having me.

He's so great to meet you.

Andy Manders.

This is spray.

Oh, spray.

Oh, you wanted to say, chair sales doesn't matter.

I introduced you to your chair.

So you sell chairs.

I'm Gina Lombardo.

This is Gina.

So you sell chairs.

You seem like you wanted to quickly get out of your thing.

Just real quick.

I think this is a smart idea.

Before anyone could disrupt it or...

I don't know why I would worry about that.

I've never met any of you before.

Just I just traditionally when I'm meeting with people, I try to get my thing out pretty fast.

It's just my time.

We would remember you.

In 2021, it's smart.

Just people's conversations are really accelerating.

I find in society.

If you don't get your thing out fast, it gets taken away from you.

Of course.

Where's your grow up?

I'm growing up in...

Oh, please, Miss.

Please, Miss.

Ohio.

Northern Ohio.

Right outside of Cleveland.

Oh, right outside.

Really?

Yeah, Parma, Ohio.

Why not just in Cleveland?

Well, it's funny when you're born, you don't pick.

So I guess I should.

I guess.

But you know what I mean?

I get your parents picked.

I just like that's a good T-shirt.

When you're born, you don't pick.

Yeah, and then it's a baby picking their nose.

Yes, this is good.

You're like Lady Gaga.

You were born that way in Northern Ohio.

Yeah, just outside of Cleveland.

I was born that way in an uninteresting town.

Here we go to that baseball museum.

Yes, I have.

The one in New York.

The one in Cooperstown.

Yeah, that's it.

Yeah.

Why?

Yes, why did I go there?

I know it's looking at his coat like he's out of his mind.

It's a fair question.

I went somewhere and defended.

I am a fan of baseball unrelated to anything we've brought up.

Like how big of a fan?

I say medium plus.

Medium plus.

What's up with the chairs?

Yeah, we actually wanted to know about the chairs this day.

Enough with this baseball bullshit.

Tell us about your chairs, bro.

You're going to must have had a lot to say about the chairs.

I feel compelled to finish the sentence on baseball.

Yeah, yeah.

I'm like go to see it.

You ever catch one of the like home runs or anything like that?

Yes, I have.

I caught one of those home runs, but at a minor league game.

Oh, it's soft.

Oh, it was a softball.

It was a softball.

Drug free.

Yeah, probably drug free.

That's probably what it was.

Some non-sterile.

Still, that's got to feel good though.

I mean, catch one of all.

Yeah, man.

I was in the bleachers by myself.

The home run gets hit.

I yourself know no other fans in the sand.

I went just to get my mind off things.

I sat there in the bleachers.

This single-lay guy comes up.

This guy looks like he's not even going to be in single-lay for more than like half of the game.

Oh, yeah.

Hits it right on the screws.

Oh my God.

He's face light up and sails up into the bleachers.

I'm there by myself.

Reading a book happened to look up.

Which book?

Which book were you reading?

Heidi.

Heidi!

Oh, yeah.

About the Swiss girl.

So you went to a baseball game.

Isn't it?

I read a book.

Isn't that ironic?

He was depressed.

Shit happened.

I was depressed.

I was trying to get out of my head.

And manifest in different ways and different people.

I totally understand.

That's so empathetic of you.

My therapist says that's why I'm so depressed.

You go to therapy.

Well, he's not my therapist, but he's a therapist that I can hear because you watch him all upstairs.

Oh, listen to somebody else's therapy.

Your problems apply to their advice.

No one has the same problems as me.

That's weird.

I relate to this because I read other people's horoscopes and I take bad advice.

I like that.

I like this Harry's get good words.

Maybe your parents didn't tell you when you were born.

Exactly.

Maybe you're like a month off or something like that.

That's true.

Maybe I was lied to.

You know, maybe you switched at birth or something like that.

That's why you like chairs.

Downtown Cleveland one month earlier than you thought.

No, fuck, Parma.

Who knows what's a lie.

Yeah.

I think lying is sort of the worst thing you could do.

Oh, thank you.

Why are your eyes shifting back and forth?

I just wanted to say that.

I don't know why.

Where did you get a cape?

No.

You're holding it up over the blinds.

I've always had a cape.

He's always had a cape.

I've always had a cape.

Okay.

It's interesting.

It's ironic because the movie Heidi interrupted that football game back during the 70s.

Yes.

And then it's a different sport.

You're reading Heidi.

I'm interrupting it with Heidi.

Yeah.

With a fly ball that you end up catching the whole run.

Yeah, the game interrupted Heidi.

I really did.

Did he get called up to the show or what?

He never made it.

He never made it to the big leagues.

That's the guy who killed himself from the Northern Ohio water dogs?

Yes.

The guy who was the water dog.

I guess that was the high point of his life.

And then he...

I had read something about how the guy who caught the ball wouldn't throw it back to him.

Yes.

It was a bonset.

He came out.

Oh, it's you.

Yes.

I was the only one of the one he was for.

He was as stated.

He came up to me right after the game.

It's very nice.

He's like, hey, I've never done that before.

It's kind of big.

My kid was watching.

Would you mind if I had a car?

I said, no way.

This is the only good thing that's happened in a while.

And by the way, what was going on with you?

It's fan protocol when you catch the ball.

Sure.

You keep it.

Unless it's the opposing team.

Yeah, you throw it back.

But that's your opponent.

Was he on the opposing team?

He was on the opposing team.

He was like, just throw it back.

So everyone was pissed.

So everyone was executed.

You're fan-given right to throw it back.

What was going on with you that nothing had good at happening?

It just lost a ton of money at a carnival.

So wait, what about this?

Yes.

I saw you about the circle back to your business.

Wait, this isn't about the carnival?

This doesn't have anything to do with that carny worker in Northern Ohio.

Kill themselves.

Yes.

What the fuck?

I've gone to a carnival bet on the Ferris wheel, which you normally hand hide.

Why?

They don't let you do that anymore.

They don't let you do it, but I sweet-talked it.

I was like, I got to feel it about it.

What was the bet?

Which one would come in first?

Oh, man, you're going to get fucking hammered.

This is so bad idea.

Yeah, but I've said I feel it.

I got a good feeling about blue five.

And so I put a ton of money down on blue five.

All these side bets started forming.

That would be all the side bets like, is this guy insane?

I've seen this happen.

What is he going to get committed right?

Will someone commit suicide?

Will they force him to pay when this bet doesn't work?

Because it's, well, they feel so bad.

They let him go.

We do need to get to our next guest.

He is a film reviewer.

This is very exciting because I love the art of film.

And he is a guy who reviews them.

Please welcome Zuby Kondereno.

Hey, Scott, it's fantastic to be here on your audio podcast.

Right.

Zuby Kondereno, so, so great to meet you.

It's great to be here.

I'm so happy to be here.

I don't know why these guys are laughing, but I might.

My name is a little unique and people sometimes find it particularly entertaining.

Both parts of it.

Zuby Kondereno.

Your name kind of sounds like what John Lennon said when he flew away.

Yeah, he did.

Yeah, it's got him a little bit.

It's got him a little bit.

Sort of into these days.

We don't have time to catch you up on how John Lennon is alive and here and all that.

I've listened to the show before.

I'm pretty, pretty first in what's going on here in the CBB universe.

Okay.

All right.

Fantastic.

Well, Zuby, you're a film reviewer.

That's right.

I reviewed the film.

Interesting.

Yeah.

That's what a film reviewer does.

That's right.

I do not critique them.

I simply review them.

What does that mean?

You don't critique them.

Meaning you don't offer any sort of criticism about them?

I don't do any type of scholarly critique at all.

Okay.

You're more of a man of the people.

That's right.

I'll tell you what movie you open the paper.

I'll tell you what movie to see this weekend.

Okay.

And that's because of the quality of it or?

Because of what sort of struck me with the film.

Oh, okay.

Well, do you have an example?

I mean, we have a lot of films coming up this month.

Sure I do, Scott.

Okay.

Fast and the Furious 9.

I saw this in theaters mask off.

Now.

Okay.

Good background, info.

All right.

Can I take a second to swallow some spit in my throat when I'm going to be talking constantly on the spot.

Whatever.

Take a moment.

Go ahead.

I wish there's enough smell on the spit before you start talking.

I don't do it.

Before you're into doing stuff.

You do things.

Yo, what do you do?

I'll do things my way.

So fast and the Furious 9.

Visually, this is one of the most exquisite designed and executed films on the modern era.

One thing I didn't appreciate is the last scene of the movie.

Oh, I don't know that we didn't want to do this.

Whose idea was it?

To have all the fast and furious folks.

Oh, we've grown up within the series and love.

Chir-dum.

Talking German accents for the whole final scene.

Whoever made that decision, I'd like to find them.

Bear hug them.

And twist their neck off their body.

Okay.

Really?

I'm going to upset you.

I've got a lot of questions here.

Yeah.

I got a package of Oreos.

You guys had Oreo cookies.

Yes.

You had to cream in the inside.

That great cookies.

Visually, the packaging is exquisite.

Sure, of course.

One of the most exquisite designs and execution of a cookie package we have today.

I actually don't think the Oreo cookie package is anything remarkable.

I think like Pepperidge Farm has a more remarkable packaging because it's like an squared thing.

You want to name again?

My name is Andy Manders.

Andy, I would.

Don't worry.

I wouldn't.

He's not coming back.

This is the only tab you'll see me.

I did get the only time we'll see both of you.

We don't really need to keep track of a lot of retirement party for Andy Manders and Zuby Condorado.

No, call me Andy.

No, for this conversation.

Andy and Zuby, I don't think that's true at all.

I think you guys have a way to keep playing in this game.

That's right.

You know, like what?

Just trust me.

Just stick with the plan.

Well, let's get to it.

It's time for the final vote.

Oh, every episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

Usually we don't do it on Mike, but I thought the listener might be interested to hear who we vote off this time.

All right, so I guess we need to do public vote.

So why don't we start with Zuby Condorino, who- I vote for that bleeding, rock and roll guitarist over there, who would never be on the show again.

John Lennon, never be on the show again.

John Lennon, never come on this show again.

I'd like to see that.

Okay, that's huge.

I don't know.

Huge.

All right, Andy Manders.

Let's put the plan.

I would like to cast my vote.

That's Sprague the Whisperer, never comes back.

Oh my God.

Okay, this is- I'm scrambling.

I'm scrambling.

You know, who are you voting for?

I would like to cast my vote.

Here we go.

I think the chances were formed, freaking out.

Drama was had.

We saw some exquisite visual spectacles.

They were exquisite.

But I'm going to have to vote Gina Lombardo off.

Do you know what yourself?

Yeah.

One vote for yourself?

Wait, can you vote for yourself?

I think- Yeah, I guess.

Yes, you can.

Yeah, I think so.

Andy, you could have voted for yourself.

I should have.

All right, John Lennon, who are you voting for?

Get out of the tube.

Who do we got?

Well, I'm feeling much better.

No one asked.

Just vote.

You didn't think that was- I vote for the chair guy.

The chair guy.

Oh, yeah.

All right, so we have one for the chair guy, one for John Lennon, one for Sprague, and one for Gino.

Okay.

And I have the final vote.

Oh, well, what about my vote?

Oh, sorry.

I thought you were Jeff, but okay.

Yeah, it's your vote.

Oh, well, I think you were trying to get my alliance.

I think you were trying to get my alliance.

It just makes sense.

That's fair.

John agrees.

That's fair, John.

I'm going to call you John now.

Okay.

So right now, every person has a vote except for me.

And for the person that's a vote, and I'm the final vote.

Except for Scottie.

I, of course, had all the power all along.

What?

I played an incredible game.

And, of course, I have to vote for Sprague.

I mean, oh, he said Sprague!

But you're all asleep.

You're all asleep.

Thank God.

Just I'm Morpheus.

Was that a dream?

Oh, I changed my vote.

Yeah.

I changed my vote.

Morpheus?

Yeah.

Wait, wait, wait.

I changed it for Morpheus too.

I'm doing it.

No, no, no, no, no.

It's the only one I bring back.

Morpheus, you're out.

No, what?

All right.

We'll see you next time.

Thanks, bye.

Number six.

Yep.

So, uh, Zuby Condorino.

I know, I know it's serious.

Okay, so, you know, Sean came in with the whole survivor angle because I think he started watching Survivor recently or something.

That seems to be happening to a lot of people.

Yeah.

I've heard that from many people.

From a few people.

Yeah, it became like some sort of pandemic thing.

He surprised us all with the angle of like voting each other off.

And then, uh, at the end of the episode, you just heard it, we voted off Morpheus, which is the only recurring character that will have.

Right.

No, he's done the, he did the one, he did the doctor guy a few times, but it's his like most known recurring character.

Yeah.

And he got voted off and will took it so seriously that he has never, he had not done it since then.

He, he was like, no, he was voted off.

I've asked him if he's like, oh, you're not going to do more.

He's like, no, he was voted off.

So he's taken it seriously.

And Sean felt so bad about it that he asked him to be on the Speedforce Thanksgiving special.

That was just going to say, yeah.

Okay.

That's what as the alternate universe is morphing this in order to bring him back in so that will could play him again.

Right.

And so he's back in continuity, which will took it very seriously.

Wow.

And of course, Zuby Kunderino.

And John Lennon.

But so such a fun show to do.

And we all like, we walked out of it just tingling like, whoa, that was fun.

And I, when, when I have a little group chat in our neighborhood, we happen to be friends with a bunch of people that, that either we moved to the neighborhood that they already lived in or other friends of ours moved into this neighborhood after we had lived there.

And so we, we chat a lot and we see each other for this and that occasionally.

And when we were getting the vaccines, we made a chart of when everybody was getting their vaccine and when they would be in the clear.

And then we had a party at our house and we, like the energy level was at a hundred and it never dipped.

Right.

It was like we were on drugs.

Right.

Like everyone was talking so, so loudly.

Yeah.

It was, it was great.

But that, that feeling of being, feeling being normal again with other people was like, it was indescribable.

Yeah.

It really was.

And so that, that's what you were hearing.

And I'm glad that one ended up so high on the countdown.

Um, all right.

We need to take a break.

We need to.

When we come back, we are going to hear your choice for number five and then we'll hear your choice for number four.

We're getting so high up on this countdown is, I mean, these are good clips.

Don't forget we will play the snowman game and we will sign off the Jerry Springer sign off.

That's right.

The most exciting moments in podcast plus Jerry Springer sign off.

All coming up.

You don't want to miss this.

We'll be right back with more comedy, Ben being after this.

Comedy bang bang.

Okay.

Great review.

Comedy bang bang.

Okay.

All right.

Let's get to it.

We're cracking the top five Paul.

I mean, Scott, I feel like this was inevitable.

Does he get any higher than this?

Does he get any higher than cracking the top five?

I don't think so.

I'm gonna top three.

Oh, yeah.

Top four who gives a shit who gives you put the top three.

That's big.

Anyway, let's do it.

This is your choice for number five.

Number five.

Okay.

Number five Paul.

Yeah, I know.

Number five.

Guess what?

Johnny five is alive.

What number episode do you think this would be?

A thousand and ten.

Close.

Thousand and nine.

Even closer.

Nine.

Dead on the money.

No, it's episode six hundred and eighty six.

Six eighty six.

Fun to say.

We're back in the six hundreds.

This surprised you to learn it was from the year 2020.

I'd be freaking freaked out.

You would, wouldn't you?

But that is exactly what I'm about to say.

It's from 2020.

We're counting down the best episodes of the year.

I know.

But if you'll recall the best of period.

Yes, no, the best of period because of the way voting works and how I need to pull all the clips.

It's from Thanksgiving to Thanksgiving.

So the last few episodes of the year, the last few episodes of 2020 were eligible.

And this is one that made the cut.

I can't believe I missed this.

Yeah.

Wait, you missed what?

I missed this loophole.

Oh.

Yeah.

How would you have exploited it?

Evil.

This is from December 14th, 2020.

So what episode do you think it is?

I think it's the holiday extravaganza.

Yes, you are right.

It's the 2020 holiday spectacular.

Can I let you know who's on this show?

Yeah, I wish you would.

Jason Manzukas.

Paul F. Tomkins.

Jesse Daly.

John Gabris.

Lauren Lapkis.

Her final appearance.

Her final coming back back appearance.

And in her final comedy back appearance, Lauren Lapkis.

Ego Wodum.

Ego.

Karl Tartt.

Karl.

Lily Sullivan.

Can I give a special shout out to all these all of them?

Now is when you can do it.

Okay.

I did it.

Great.

Tim Balz.

Shondisten.

Shondesto.

Dan Lippert.

Danny the lips.

Stacked.

Great tits.

Man, those bizongas on every single one.

Those are jugs.

This was another Zoom episode.

Jugs is so funny.

Jugs.

Hey, jugs.

Well, that's not funny.

The way I say it.

This was a Zoom episode.

This was, you know, in the middle, I mean, still in the mid.

Oh, yeah.

We were feeling it.

This is when people were really bummed out, I think.

This was a very depressing time.

Yeah.

For us and our household.

Yeah.

I'll tell you that.

It's a real drag.

I mean, everyone, it was the holidays.

No one had seen each other in a few months.

I think, you know, people had maybe expectations of the holidays and maybe this will be over by then.

It was not.

This was kind of around the time where you were feeling like, oh, this is forever.

Yes.

This is just life now.

Yes.

Yeah.

And yet this many people being on this episode and showing up and having a good time was a little, a little beacon of joy in the midst of all that happening for us.

We hope it was for you.

We're obviously, this is such a long episode.

I think it was a two and a half hour long episode or something like this.

We can't play all of it.

We're actually going to play just the clip.

We're going to play just the clip.

Oh, we're not going to play the whole episode?

Was that ever on the table?

We can't.

What if we just played every episode back to me?

Okay.

This is just the clip where Jason and I are talking to a man by the name of Santa Claus.

And Santa, even the depression of the pandemic has even hit Santa Claus.

I sort of remember when you'll hear a little bit about it.

Let's hear it.

This is what you chose to be your number five.

Number five.

He's been on the show a few times.

If I don't mind saying it, I don't believe I mind saying this.

He is one of our more combative guests, at least to me.

Please welcome to the show though.

He is the king of Christmas.

He is the deacon of December 25th.

Please welcome to the show Santa Claus.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

Oh, wow.

I am coming in very low energy.

Hi Scott.

Hi, Jason.

Coming in freezing cold.

Ice cold.

Yeah.

Hi guys.

You OK?

You all right?

No, I'm fine.

I'm fine.

You know, good health.

All that.

I'm just I have an announcement that I have to make.

Oh my God.

It's kind of embarrassing.

OK.

Go right ahead.

Yeah, please.

Do you need us to set you up at all or how would you do that?

Do you need a podium?

Should we call the press corps?

I know that's that's fine.

I guess some other special introduction.

Hopefully, ladies and gentlemen.

Hopefully, this will get picked up by the AP or something.

I don't know.

OK.

I hope it's nothing to like life threatening or anything because we're weak at Christmas.

No, no, it's not life threatening.

It's not everything.

Everything's fine.

I just, you know, health wise.

I just I have to tell everyone and this is this is really hard for me to say and and you know, I know it's going to make people mad.

I didn't I didn't do anything this year.

What do you mean?

Well, you know, with the pandemic and it seemed like there was a lot of talk about canceling holidays and so I thought, OK, I guess we're not we don't need to do this this year.

And so I am just flat out.

I don't I don't have anything.

You don't have anything meaning you didn't make any of the toys you gambled that Christmas wasn't going to happen.

So are fully unprepared.

I didn't OK.

Now, hold on.

In my defense, I don't think I gambled.

It was that a lot of people were saying that they were canceling these holidays.

Who are these people as Jerry Seinfeld?

It's just the talk, you know, the government officials on the talk.

Yeah, I saw it on the talk.

Melissa Gilbert told you this.

Melis, Sarah Gilbert.

I'm sorry.

I'm a bit of a bit of a talk.

Super fun.

Sorry.

Are they related and should they be called?

I was just going to say is Melissa Gilbert or Melissa Gilbert and Sarah Gilbert related?

Yes.

Everyone named Gilbert is related.

Gilbert Godfrey.

Yes.

A filbert, a filbert nut is a cousin.

So so I'll just move past that.

So Santa, usually you start making the toys.

You give yourself one day off.

I know that December 26th where you sit in a hot tub and God, I love that hot tub.

That was the best investment ever made.

It's a bug.

I love it.

It's a above ground.

Yeah, it's way above ground.

I have to climb a ladder to get into it.

It's about it's about I would say it's like 16 feet, 16 feet up.

Yeah.

Well, I think deep or yes, it is.

Wow.

You can drown in.

So I'm holding on to the sides for dear life.

It's more like a plunge hot tub.

Well, it's a saltwater hot tub.

So I float and and but also it gives me a lot of privacy because no one can see me and I could just be hanging out there and look, I I'm a kind of guy where it's a t-shirt to pull.

So, you know, to be able to really to really just be myself, let it all hang out.

You know, in this 60 16 foot high hot tub, it's a it's a goal.

In the North Pole where no one is.

Yeah.

But let me tell you you have the what the else.

Oh, they must have to climb like a waterslide level ladder to get into the tub.

It's pretty high.

It's pretty.

Yeah.

But it's safe.

It's not like action park or some shit.

Like I really I worked it all out.

I'm sure I'm sure it's very safe, but that seems excessive.

Yeah.

So what about like an elevator or one of those, you know, how if you have older parents that seems decadent, that's a little seat that kind of the motorized seat.

Who's older than me and I'm not using one of those, you know what I mean?

I remember we used to have family friends when I was a kid and when we would go to their house, they had one of those seats that would go up the stairs to bring their to bring the grandmother up the stairs and we would always ride it.

It was a kitsmai slinky reference.

Yeah, it was great.

It was great.

I mean, you're the guy who makes them.

Yeah.

That's a reference that you make.

Yeah, I just need to acknowledge.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

I mean, listen, toys are some of my favorite stuff.

I just am so sad right now to realize many children will not be reciting.

Yeah.

What I was going to say is you usually start back up again.

You ramp up production.

Oh, I guess we're talking about that again now.

Yeah.

So I mean, you don't have any toys that you made from December 27 through March 15 or so.

I don't like to allow this much of a peek behind the curtain, but here's what happens.

We don't really start up production again until March.

Whoa.

What are you doing between December 27th and March?

I'll tell you exactly what I'm doing is I'm giving kids a grace period so that for January and February, nothing counts towards naughty and nice.

So you're not even so you're not only are you not manufacturing, you're not even you're not checking in.

You're not no peeking.

No, it's very.

You're telling me it's a no peeking?

It's very, it's very loose.

It's not as strict as we are throughout the rest of the year.

Obviously, we check in to see if any kids are like a bad seed murderer or something.

They're not getting, they're getting cold for sure.

What are you?

Are you just checking the papers or the police blotter?

How are you checking on?

I check the papers.

Check the papers.

Where are you, Santa, on clean coal?

No such thing.

Fair.

It's cold.

It's filthy as hell.

Yeah, okay.

Good.

Good to know.

Yeah, it's dirty.

So, so, so kids can do whatever they want.

I mean, this is just going to be pandemonium.

Within, within reason.

It's not like the purge.

Is it like, is it like that?

By the way, the next purge movie is a kid purge.

Really?

It's, it's, it's a preteen.

It's a YA purge.

It's a purge.

Oh, okay.

I'm into that.

I would watch that.

Is it set on that reality show where the kids took over a Western town?

Yes.

What was it?

Utopia?

No, that's not it.

I don't, I don't believe it was called Utopia.

It's not called Utopia.

I can't remember what it was called, but yes.

Lord of the horse flies.

So so you've done nothing.

This is going to be such a blow to children all over the world.

Yeah, I mean, it's, well, not, I mean, you know, there are, there are kids in certain, like week.

I would say we got in a week's worth of production before the lockdown.

Okay.

And it just, I've, I've been around a few pandemics in my day and this just seemed like I kind of saw the writing on the wall that people are going to fuck this up.

And there's no way it's going to be over before Christmas and sure enough, I was right.

And so all, you know, all this time I was thinking, well, I made the right call.

I made the right call and I got to tell you, I reconnected with my wife in a way that I haven't since we were first married.

Oh, well, I got to know the, the elves in a way that I haven't before.

Which way is that?

As friends.

Oh, that's very lovely.

What did you think I meant?

I had no idea.

It's just you had no idea.

Boy, oh boy.

You know, I come on this show and I'm coming, uh, uh, uh, erm, and trimmed hat in hand.

And uh, uh, to, to give this very embarrassing announcement and then you're striking the news on this show, much like Todd Glass broke this news.

Oh, that's right.

This is an exclusive.

And then I get the BB exclusive.

I get the same old bullshit from the host.

You know what I mean?

I, I apologize.

I just, uh, you know, I mean, do you mean it?

Do you mean it?

I guess all I'm saying is you've known those elves for thousands of years at this point.

What else is there to get to know about them?

I get to know them as individuals as opposed to a boss worker relationship.

So did you kind of go through and did you go through like an undercover?

What are you talking about?

Was it like, yeah, Jason, I did an undercover box where I, I, I, thank you myself as a gigantic elf.

Did you like it?

Do it.

Yeah, I could see it happening.

I stood on my own boots.

I kneeled on my own boots.

Dore love that you do so.

Dore from the north.

That's right.

Whatever that means.

Now we're just free associated.

I'm on.

I'm doing this.

This is what it always devolves into this show.

I know.

I'm sorry, uh, uh, Santa.

I forgot your second.

So look, so what's your plan?

Oh, you're laughing again.

That made me laugh.

The bowl full of jelly is back.

The idea that okay.

I don't mean to comment on your weight.

Yeah, you did though.

Well, it's a famous poem.

I yeah, everyone likes to use that excuse.

Like I wrote it.

Who wrote it again?

I remember a podcast.

I heard a podcast where the name is.

The Nutritis slave owner.

That's right.

That was a good show.

Yes.

Oh, well, Santa, this is terrible.

I mean, this Christmas day is going to be a national day of morning.

We made we made about in that week in March, we made about, I'm going to say 75 toys.

Okay.

And we're going to go to the very top of the nice list and see who deserves it.

But I have to wait as the nice is the nice list in order of nicest to worst, really?

Well, yes, we would not only naughty and nice, but we also quantify how nice and how naughty and how.

Wow.

So, so who like who gets the top score and what is the percentage?

Is this like, you know, Jesus Christ, the year that he was around, he was 100% nice, other than that, that money lenders thing.

Well, and he also cursed that fig tree.

That's true.

So you got a 99.96 maybe.

That was wild.

I mean, talk about angry quite a lot.

A lot of your job sense, it sounds like it's a lot of like statistical analysis.

Oh, absolutely.

I mean, every look, it's a vast operation.

Everyone's got their responsibilities and myself, Mrs.

Claus and a few trusted associates.

We are the ones that are going through and quantifying the niceness and the naughty.

And it's, it's, we've got it down to a science.

It's pretty easy at this point, but, but yeah, only 75 only 75.

Who are the top 75 this year?

Can you announce any of them?

Yeah.

Anybody are excited to give some of these gifts to anybody that you're like, ah, these kids really deserve it.

Like a Greta Tunberg Greta Toon bark.

Yes, she's gets one.

She's going to get an easy make of it.

Oh, really something that he's up?

I don't think you should give her something that he eats.

Malala, of course.

She's a bit.

She's going to get all those Barbie heads where the hair grows.

Okay.

Turn the crank and the hair comes out.

Okay.

This is a year.

So all of the 75 toys you built, they seem to, two of them seem to be from the 1970s.

Yeah, that's correct.

Well, here's the thing.

There's some weird kids that get into weird stuff.

Yeah, retro towing.

Yeah.

We start making those first because we don't, we don't have to make a lot of them.

It's like, let's get, this will be fun.

Let's get this out.

Start off with something fun.

You know, future gay kids.

They love this kind of stuff.

It's sketchy stuff.

Yeah.

So, yeah, yeah, yeah.

It's not a lot.

And look, look, just so everyone knows, of course I'm embarrassed.

I'm mortified.

I should have just honestly, at the very least, I should have been, I should have kept in production because even if Christmas was completely cancelled, I would have had a jump on next year.

But it's very hard.

Yeah, it's very hard during COVID to, to motivate yourself.

I would have.

Can I ask you, can I ask you this Santa?

Is there any part of you that thinks like, Oh, at the very least, you should try and deliver gifts.

You maybe you could buy a lot like, I mean, I'm going to buy stuff or there's like, I've been buying stuff like on Amazon.

I've been buying stuff, you know, rather than make stuff.

First of all, first of all, there's no fucking way.

I'm going to ever read gifts.

Okay.

Let's get that out of the out of the equation.

I'm not looking or I'm not looking around my college in North Pole saying, uh, uh, uh, that's not what I do.

What do you do with all your old crap?

Do you donate it or I donate a lot of stuff?

Yeah.

Okay.

I do a lot of stuff.

Like if you get a gift bag with like a with a throw blanket, what do you do with it?

I sometimes those blankets are nice.

What about moisturizer that you're allergic to?

Well, that I see if anyone likes it.

You know, I wouldn't, I wouldn't wrap it as a gift, but I would like, okay, I'll hold like your, you're playing fast and loose with the re gifting.

Rege, re a gift is when you, a re gift is when you take something that's in your home, you wrap it up like you bought it and then you give it to someone.

But just going up to someone saying, do you like this?

Is this something that you would do?

But do you do this?

Have it.

Christmas.

No, I don't do it.

No, on crap.

Jesus.

Do you have any concept of what my Christmas is like?

Well, you're done by Christmas.

What is it like?

Well, I have to go all the way to fuck back home to the North Pole.

How long does that take you?

Here's the thing.

You can get everywhere in one night.

That's in one night.

I can do that.

But then the journey back to the North Pole is in real time.

Oh, yeah.

Because by by midnight on no one ever talks about that.

Do they know what talks about that?

You clark more, you slave one son of a bitch.

Do you have to travel commercial back to the North Pole?

No, I have to travel with that goddamn slave with the rain.

Oh my God.

And we can't fly.

We have it.

It's it's land based travel.

Just over the hills and through the woods.

Oh, that last that last leg, it's like fucking Fitzcorral.

I'll tell you to try to get that.

Try to get that boat over that boy.

Oh boy.

It's a real drag.

It's a real drag guy.

And my understanding is Werner Herzog is trying to do a documentary about that exact trip.

Yeah, you know, I'm I'm open to it, but I don't.

Are you in talks with him?

We've talked we've talked about it on enough for years and I feel like the time is not yet right.

But eventually I will I would like to do that, especially now that that Prancer has been replaced by Klaus Kinski in the in the reindeer line.

That's right.

What happened to what happened to Prancer?

Prancer's just taking it easy.

You know, he broke he broke his leg.

I didn't want to shoot him.

Oh, okay.

You didn't want to.

I didn't want to shoot him.

He's he's he's he's a good guy.

He's a good guy.

And, you know, I don't know what it is with these creatures.

And he anything that's got like a great big body and then the spin the little legs like yeah, what is that design?

You know, how about do you have a rifle just in case you do need to put one of them down?

Well, I have a rifle in case anyone breaches the North Pole.

Wow.

So you are armed.

You are a are you a second amendment, right supporter?

I'm not an absolutist, but I do believe in protecting my home and and of course, protecting the mystique of of Santa Claus and my legend of the North Pole.

Of course, I buy this is obviously what we're doing now is.

Can I ask you to say is the North Pole a stand your ground state?

I mean, it's just us up there.

So yeah, I guess if you make your own rules, right?

We make our own rules.

I mean, it's it's so we haven't had anyone try to to to break in a really long time.

What was it?

Yeah, when was the last time DB Cooper?

That would happen to him.

His parachute.

It caught some wind and he drifted all the way to the North Pole.

Wow.

Did he have his suitcase of full of money with it?

Yes, he did try to buy his way out.

I'll go to the down.

Oh, no.

Number five.

Ah, yes.

Good times.

Great oldies.

And that's just the beginning of the that's the first 17 minutes of the episode tip of the episode, Berg.

Just the clip.

We I know you met that dirty.

I did.

It was interesting because then Lauren came on as Ho Ho who is Santa's naughty elf and she she had not heard the beginning of our episode and she came with the exact same thing of her being depressed and it seemed like every character was coming on with.

Oh, I've been depressed this year.

How interesting.

Yes, it even hits us even as characters.

I mean, so many great.

I mean, you got Chino came on.

Diego was playing the kid who saw mommy kissing Santa Claus.

The chief car was playing chief.

Great.

Listen to the whole episode.

It's fun and good time and I'm glad that people thought so well of it because I'm sure they were going through the same things we were going through and it's hopefully we provided a little bit of solace.

Sav.

I hope we provided a quantum of solace for you.

It's hard to quantify, but perhaps the quantum work.

Can we give you even a quantum of solace?

What the fuck is going on with that title?

Like it was it was it a title that Ian Fleming used originally?

I don't know.

What am I Matt Gorley?

I'm I have no fucking clue.

You ever want to be back, Gorley?

Sometimes I wish I was back.

Sometimes I want to.

He's got it all.

All right.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have your choice for number four and I'm not even going to say that's all that's coming up because we also have the snowman game.

That's right.

Plus we'll be signing off with Jerry Springer's sign off and we'll know if Jerry Springer is still on the air or not.

We'll figure all of that out.

Yes.

Oh, you do not want to miss this.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this comedy bang bang bang bang bang and we talked about before we're going to crack the top four who gives a shit.

Yeah.

Hey, wake me when we crack the top three.

I will.

Are you going to sleep really?

Yeah, I got to sleep.

I'm tired.

Well, it's his four in the morning.

We've been doing this all night.

Holy shit.

The show.

It's Jerry Springer.

We have breaking Jerry Springer news.

Twenty eight seasons.

God.

Started in 1991.

God.

Final episode 2018.

God.

Where's your God now?

How much money do you think that nets Jerry Springer?

A huge amount of money.

Let's say he gets paid.

I mean, if he gets paid like $100 an episode, that's a lot of money.

$100 a year.

Let's just assume that.

Okay.

Twenty eight times a hundred.

He does a hundred episodes a year.

He gets a dollar each.

Dude's fucking rich.

Okay.

I'm lost in the conversation of what we were talking about.

Jared, mere seconds ago.

Let's start a new one right now.

Okay.

Hi, I'm Scott.

I'm Paul.

It's me.

What do you do?

This.

Oh, no.

We're back.

Okay.

We're talking about Jerry Springer.

He's rich.

Yeah.

Good for him.

If anyone were to be, I'm glad it's him.

I saw Jerry Springer the opera in London.

In the opera or at the opera?

There was a show called Jerry Springer the Opera.

Oh, I see.

I think you're saying you saw him at the opera.

How was it?

This is fine.

Okay.

Oh my God.

Let's get to it.

This is your episode four.

Number four.

Okay.

Four.

Now look, who gives a shit about number four, right?

Who gives a shit?

We're going to listen to it again.

We're going to listen to it.

We're going to talk about it.

but oh my God, oh my God.

Number three.

Oh my God, by the way, yeah, episode four.

We're gonna hear this clip, but we have the snowman game coming up and signing off with a Jerry Springer's full sign off.

He's full sign off.

This is number four.

Okay, so this is episode 700.

On the nosy.

On the nosy from April 5, 2021.

What do you think this episode is?

I gotta assume it's got Jason Menzukas and Andy Daley.

That is exactly it.

You got it in one.

I got it in one.

I got to assume and I got it in one.

This is, we traditionally have had, I think ever since 200, we've had Andy Daley and Jason Menzukas on.

I think it was coincidental on the 200 one.

And then it became a thing.

And then it became a thing where we're like, let's do this on the hundreds.

Now I think we do them on the 50s as well.

I'm gonna just do it every episode.

Fuck all of you guys.

I'm out of here.

He, you're on some of them.

For now.

But what did he start to decide to do on the 25s?

I know.

So this, yeah.

So Andy and Jason are traditionally on the 100 episodes.

For the show.

The episode before we break off another, Hondo.

Because that, some people will think that's breaking off a Hondo.

It's not.

It's concluding that's wrapping up a Hondo.

Exactly.

You're breaking off a fresh Hondo, you get into like a seven to one.

Exactly, exactly.

So this, Jason Menzukas obviously is himself.

And then Andy is returning as Byron Deniston who we heard from before.

Now we heard an episode that happens after this one earlier on the countdown.

So this is a little pulp fiction, out of time, kind of non chronological.

Like all entertainment is now.

Yes.

Because everyone thought like, oh, that's a way to seem smart.

Yeah.

How do we stretch the story out?

Keep flashing back to things.

Do you think Jason is being himself though truly?

Well, as we all know, he is played by an actor.

Jeffrey character, we at East, yes.

Yes.

So that's, that's, I mean, we talked about that, I think, on one, Jeffrey came on one episode as himself.

But he always, he usually does this character, Jason Menzukas.

And this one was earlier in the episode, Andy is playing Byron Deniston, the royal watcher.

Earlier in the episode, we, some things I have to set up, we talked about how he had been over the past few months impersonating Prince Philip.

Right.

And he had been collecting eyeballs because he'd been looking through the paintings with his own eyeballs to stare at all the royals.

And when you leave the painting, you can't replace it with painting eyeballs because everyone would be able to tell that they, so you need to replace them with human eyeballs.

So he'd been getting human eyeballs from corpses and replacing them.

So I just, it comes up in the clip.

So I feel like, I feel like, and then he teased plan one, which is a thing that we talk about in this, I believe.

Okay, so let's hear it.

This is what you chose to be number four.

Number four.

So Byron, hit us with this explosive news.

What is going on with the royals?

Well, all right, here we go.

As you know, that American Meghan Markle and the poor man that she's led astray, Prince Harry.

Meghan Markle from Suits.

Yes, the woman from Suits, the Suits Princess.

They gave an interview and absolutely infuriated the royal family, absolutely disgusted and infuriated.

And they are very angry with the entire public for everything that they're reading about themselves and furious.

And so they have, I have now learned, ever since I've been sort of posing as Prince Philip and Buckingham Palace, they've begun talking about instituting plan one.

And this is something they've been talking about all the time, plan one, plan one, plan one.

And I have finally determined what precisely plan one is and it is going to absolutely change all of your lives and starting now, are you ready?

And they've been saying they're gonna put this into action at some time, has there been conversations of like, should we really do plan one and people doing it? Oh, yes.

There's been a lot of that and there's been a lot of phone calls and meetings and Zoom calls and whatnot.

How did they start plan one?

Is it like a double key situation where two people are 20 feet apart and they have to simultaneously turn two keys?

A plan one will, everyone has to converge upon the Netherlands as step one of plan one.

Oh my gosh.

Wait, everyone, everyone.

That's plan one.

Not everyone in the royal family or everyone in the world.

Allow me to explain.

Please, please, please continue.

All of the royalty of Europe, that means absolutely everyone who is titled throughout Europe is going to converge upon the city hall in Alphana, on Don Rine, which is a building that looks like a spaceship and is a spaceship, gentlemen.

Whoa, it looks like one in, here's one.

And it is one, the city hall in Alphana, on Don Rine.

Because, you know, you're talking city hall, at City Walk there's a big spaceship that crashed into one of the restaurants there.

That's not a real spaceship.

Oh, this is a real one.

This is a real one.

Shall I share my screen with you gentlemen and show you the place in the book?

I'm leaving, yeah.

Oh, are you looking at it yourself?

I googled it, but please share it because I'm not finding a very good thing.

Share it with all of our listeners too.

So if you're listening to this podcast right now, you'll suddenly- Share your screen.

Share your screen with us.

Yes. Wow, that looks like a Disney Hall-ass building or something.

That does, that looks like, that looks like the ship that the Mandalorian uses.

It truly does, yeah.

The Mandalinian, depending on who you are.

What's that dude who had the Mandaline from movies?

From movies?

Yeah, there was a guy who had a Mandaline in a movie.

Captain Corelli?

Captain Corelli, that's the guy.

He's the right Captain Corelli's Mandaline.

Captain Corelli's Mandaline, yes.

Dude loved his Mandaline.

He did.

This is right here.

This is the spaceship that will be taking all the royals and as it blasts off into the heavens, it will fire several nuclear weapons which will destroy the entire planet of Earth.

Whoa!

Only the royals will get away.

Only the royals will survive.

Yes, indeed.

Do they get plus ones?

Yes, absolutely.

They can bring whoever they want and that is why, well, these are some of the people who'll be going along.

Oh wow.

Can you fill up the sixth of Spain?

Oh, okay.

Oh wow.

Carl the 16th Gustave of Sweden.

Right.

Yes, all of these, yes, yes.

And the Philippe of Belgium, so many.

Oh, the royals will go, but the rest of us will be left behind and that is why, gentlemen, I am currently, I don't know exactly when they're doing it, but it's happening very soon.

They're already talking about flight arrangements to the Netherlands.

I'm going to- Oh, it's already- I mean, if they're that step, it's happening very, very soon.

I think it's happening very soon.

So will you be included as Philip?

I will only be included.

Oh, wait a minute.

Yes, perhaps I will be included as Philip.

Oh yes, I've been thinking that I need to marry a royal and I have a list of potentially available royals.

But here I am.

I mean, aren't you in person?

I am in person.

Did they forget?

You were in person.

I did forget.

I could simply go as Philip.

My God.

Well, I mean- But not if you've wandered off today and suddenly they find Philip's body.

Well, no, oh, trust me.

There's no finding Philip's body.

Okay.

There's no finding Philip's body.

I mean, if you've gone too long, though, they may presume you did and then you will have to marry one of the royals.

Well, listen, maybe I can pass this on to you because there are several eligible, all- Well, look, I want on this ship.

Well, it sounds like to me, like it's a futuristic Noah's Ark kind of situation.

Wow.

So you would abandon Koolop to marry someone else?

Hell yes.

Just to get on- To go to space.

Just to get on a spaceship?

Wow.

Just to get on- Just to get on this spaceship.

Not even taking it off.

Good to know.

Yes.

So who's out there available?

Or are they on Raya?

Well, number one.

The number one choice.

Are they on Raya?

What's that?

Raya, it was never mine.

I don't look, I don't even know.

Yeah.

No, it's Lady Amelia Windsor is probably the most desirable, as soon as this podcast drops, everyone is going to rush to try to marry Lady Amelia Windsor.

Where is she from?

She is from the UK.

She was voted or named the most beautiful royal by Tatla magazine.

Wait, the most beautiful UK royal?

Or the most beautiful royal of any royal family?

Because you're talking about royals from Spain.

Yeah, I mean, we can marry any royal from any other country.

Yes, yes.

No, the Tatla magazine, which is a British tabloid, simply called to the most beautiful royal.

Perhaps they weren't, they're speaking of the- Okay.

How old is she?

25 years old.

Oh, well- I don't know if I could overcome the age difference, but I'd try.

Well, she's very sophisticated.

She's 39th in line to the British throne.

Hi.

Okay.

And yes, she's out there.

She's a model.

She works for Dolce and Gabana.

Whoa.

Yes.

I mean, this sounds perfect.

Look.

I mean, let's set it up.

Can I ask you- All right.

Byron, are you yourself married?

No, no, I myself have never managed to be married.

So really, it's just going to be about if you follow through on this extricating yourself from this Philip situation in order to plug yourself into being potentially married to this new younger woman.

You know, the moment I heard this plan, and I was dressed as Philip and in full Philip makeup.

All I began thinking is I've got to marry a royal to get on that spaceship.

Well, here's the deal.

You don't want to be constantly putting on this makeup in space.

I mean, what with the different air compression and quality and all that kind of stuff.

Like, it's so much easier if you just marry this hot 25-year-old model.

You're right.

Also, you're not going to be able to bring your team on the spaceship with you.

Yeah.

I mean, your makeup is just going to decompose out there in the pressurized compartment.

So here's what you need to do.

Yes.

You're going to need to kill your prince Philip.

Yeah.

What do you mean?

Well, I mean, you can't just disappear.

He's going to have to have a very published book.

Here, they'll be looking for him.

So you're going to have to present a death narrative for him so that you can then put not have to participate in that anymore so you can go ahead and woo the princess that we were discussing that I can't remember her name.

Maybe you could be up there in full makeup at the top of Big Ben and then throw a dummy off of it into the Thames and then he's presumed dry.

I don't think here's the thing.

I don't think that's going to work.

I think you're going to have to have your team one last time put you in the makeup and you're going to have to take one of those drugs that makes your heart stop.

Yeah.

You're going to have to take one of those mission-impossible drugs that makes it appear as though you are dead.

Also, if you're going to do this and you have a full makeup team and I'm presuming they're the best in the biz.

Oh, yes, they're wonderful.

Why not outfit yourself with squibs, get some stunt people involved, get some movie prop guns and stuff and just have a big like heat style showdown in the middle?

Scott and I are successful Hollywood screenwriters.

We could script this in an afternoon.

So it's a scenario where Prince Philip is perhaps robbing a bank and is one last time.

Or if you want, you can flip it.

Prince Philip stops a bank robbery.

He's a hero.

He goes out a hero.

He's heavily on bank robbers, covered head to toe and body armor, running out of the bank.

Yeah, you as Prince Philip come in and John Wick, TikTok, Mr. Wick, John Wick your way through all of the bad guys.

Yes. Rescue the day, but then there's one bad guy gets one shot in and you go down.

Yeah, we probably want to outfit the bank robbers in something unique.

You know how in the town they're in like nuns uniforms and masks.

Oh, something unique like New York?

Yeah, something like New York, but like, you know how in baby driver, they have the Austin Powers mask.

We want this to really stand out.

They're going in style.

They have the Gracho Mox, Schnauz and Mustard.

Exactly.

So we need something iconic.

In a coin break, they've got the Reagan, the president.

Yeah, the president mask.

We need something really iconic for this to really pop.

And yeah, should we spitball some ideas here?

I mean, you could have them all be like the various members of the Scooby-Doo gang.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, like the bank robbers are a bunch of Velmas.

We may run into licensing issues with that.

We don't want that.

Well, but we're not producing anything.

Well, this is going to be there's going to be fictional movies about it years and years down the line.

Right.

That's not our problem.

They're going to have to.

That's them.

They're going to have to lie.

It's not our problem, but we have a, I mean, we're getting points on this as screenwriters.

So you think you should choose something in public domain?

Yeah, you know, like Robin Hood or a Christmas card.

Everybody wears green hats.

Ghost of past, Ghost of Christmas present, Ghost of Christmas future.

Everyone's dressed like that in Scrooge.

It's the Scrooge gang.

Sure.

But also don't like this.

You got Ebenezer in his nightcap.

You got Jacob Marley with a bunch of chains.

This is how bank robbers, heavily armored bank robbers are choosing to be to dress up like this.

Oh, in the town they're in their nuns and they bring out guns from underneath their robes and stuff.

But they're nuns with guns.

I mean, that's fucking killer, man.

Ooh, that's not true.

That's not true.

But listen, you don't have to worry about how this is going to appear to people in the future because all of Earth is soon to be destroyed, lads.

I know, but I'm hoping we can get one of these projects off the ground before that happens.

You'd have to move fast.

I mean, I'm already wondering if there's time enough to do all this plus.

I've gone to woo a princess.

Look, we're the fastest screenwriters in the biz.

We can get this done by the- And the furiousest.

We can get this done by the end of today.

Let's put this into production tomorrow.

Can you call your stunt people and- We don't- We don't- We don't- We just- Not your stunt people.

We make up people.

Well, sure, but we need- We need- I mean, you and- We'll handle that.

We'll handle all the stuff.

We'll handle that.

Okay.

You know, you just need to show up and we'll give you the script.

We'll walk you through it.

We'll block it quick and then- Yeah.

Because yeah, we- We'll block it on into- We'll block it on into- You need to prioritize- Right. You need to prioritize- Roll on rehearsal.

Roll on rehearsal. Yeah, exactly.

And then- And you know, I mean, maybe we rent out the bank.

You know, we'll need a location manager for that.

Right.

But we can work out all of this.

And you have access to the Queen's jewels, so we can pay for all of this.

But yeah, we're going to get you totally squibbed up.

Like, how do you want to go?

Like, you- Oh, I just thought of something.

Yeah.

I just thought of something that could be great.

Oh.

I just thought of something that could be so good.

Because also, it uses something that you're not going to, for much longer, have use for.

What if you are robbing eyeballs?

Robbing eyeballs.

What are the robbers rather?

What if the robbers are robbing eyeballs?

There's a safety deposit box in this bank filled with eyeballs.

Filled with valuable eyeballs.

Suddenly, in the getaway, they trip and these bags of eyeballs just spill out all over the ground.

Some people are like- They're moving and sliding around the eyeballs.

Because they're frozen.

They're frozen eyeballs.

Yes.

They roll.

They roll all over the place.

It's like an animal house mobiles situation, but with eyeballs.

Yes.

But with eyeballs.

Frozen solid eyeballs.

And you've got the eyeballs, because you've been collecting them for so long.

Yes, and all of them blue.

Yes.

This is good.

And then I'm presuming they wanted- It's the classic blue balls.

The blue balls robbery.

The blue balls robbery done by the Scrooge gang.

As it would come to be known if the entire planet would not be destroyed.

Scrooge gang is making it in.

Okay, we'll talk about this when we get to the final draft.

But I'm presuming that you want to die with a headshot so that the body will be on- And a resume.

And you want to swap out a body.

You want to do a body switch.

At the end.

Oh, I see what you're saying.

What about- I'm going to be- Well, we'll need a real corpse, is what Scott is.

Yeah, you'll need a corpse and you'll need a double for all of your makeup to put on the corpse.

No, no, you want a corpse who can pass as Prince Albert, right?

That's who we're talking about.

Phillips.

Phillips, sorry.

Phillips.

I'm thinking of my hand.

But Prince Philip, you want like an old guy who then you shoot in the head so that all the teeth are gone.

You want to file off the fingerprints.

I don't know whether you have a guy who can get you a body like that.

Oh, yes, of course.

Yes.

So that's no problem at all.

I can have three or four and we can choose.

So we can audition five or six of them if we like.

Who's this guy who can get you this kind of stuff?

He's from America and he's just probably the same guy that hooks them up with the eyeballs.

Yes, that's right.

Wait, does he wear snakeskin pants?

Oh, that's strange that you would guess that.

Oh, God.

I never seen the doctor working in snakeskin before, so it is interesting.

With a full snakeskin doctor's rope?

He's in a robe or a coat.

It's a coat.

Yeah, all of it.

All of it.

Snakeskin doctor strange cloak.

He's in a snakeskin gloves and a snakeskin hair protector.

It's on his head.

A snakeskin mask.

Wow.

A snakeskin mask, of course.

This guy sounds like a really interesting guy.

Well, I think this is a better plan for you, but do you have a plan then to sidle up to this lady immediately?

Lady Amelia, possibly.

I may.

I may decide if time is really an issue to go simply go after Princess Elizabeth of Thurne and Texas, who is 39.

She's 39.

That's not so bad.

Right, right.

Yes.

She's a member of Germany's denubility and Germany.

Okay.

Yes.

Okay.

So you're marrying into German royalty?

I mean, right.

I mean, it's not just desirable, but it may simply be a bit easier.

It may get you on the ship.

And that's a right.

What you on the ship, that's what you need.

Do you have a plan, though?

Because obviously this romance needs to happen quickly.

Do you have a meat-cute in mind?

You're both walking down the street and you bump into each other or anything like that.

You have to have a plan in order to woo this woman.

My only thought was to do an extraordinary amount of surveillance and then present myself as someone who is interested in all the things she's interested in.

I mean, this is the plot to a lot of teenage rom-coms.

Right.

Byron, I really hesitate to tell you this.

I just googled Lady Amelia Windsor.

Yes.

She is engaged to be married.

No.

She's engaged to be married as of last year.

She is engaged to be married.

No.

Oh, we got to take her off the table.

You have to be kidding me.

And this is the source is, I hate to say it once again.

The tablet. The tablet has got this before you have it.

That's extraordinary.

And they've had it for a year.

You have a book on this.

And I have a book on it a year ago.

It looks like less than a year.

It looks like July 2020 is when this came out.

I don't know when they got engaged, but this is when this article is.

Oh, I spent most of the summer hiding in a crypt at Westminster Abbey.

In the Prince Philip makeup.

No, this is the case they found you?

This was before I'd started dressing as him.

I was hoping to you.

I was hoping to overhear some bereavement.

Oh, okay.

So you didn't hear that news?

Well, that's too bad.

I mean, you got to scratch her off the list unless you can sort of get in there in like a rom-com situation where you're like, that guy's not right for you.

What do they say about the fiance?

What do you want?

Yeah.

Hold on.

Okay.

Jason, by the way, is moving things around like minority reporting from these.

Princess Diana's enhanced.

Enhanced.

Enhanced Quadrant 1.

Enhanced.

Facial recognition.

Quadrant 1.

Enhanced.

This is a relative of Princess Diana's.

Is it a Spencer?

What?

Princess Diana's glamorous niece is engaged to her longtime boyfriend, Greg Mallet.

Greg?

Greg, Mary, Greg?

No.

It wouldn't do it.

It would have to at least be Gregory or something posh like that.

You're a pirate.

Guys, I have an update.

Whoa.

Enhanced.

Okay, ready?

Enhanced.

30-year-old Mallet, parenthesis, nicknamed Grisel.

What?

Close.

Grisel.

Is this guy hanging out with Kavanaugh?

Who is this guy?

You are Grisel.

We will not have a Prince Grisel.

You're not being overlooked for a man who goes by the name of Grisel.

This is outrageous.

This cannot happen.

This will not stand.

Not on my watch.

The Gris.

That's the update?

That's all?

That was pretty significant.

That's a bombshell.

I know, but I was hoping that was...

That was going to be played on news programs.

That was mine, Paul.

I'm going to be on big Grisel.

I was like, actually, I do know more about him.

They call him Grisel.

Yes.

Number four.

Yeah.

Yes.

So, okay.

So, as you heard, Andy thought of...

He thought of this whole thing, by the way.

Like, when you hear these episodes, Andy's not telling us what he's coming on to talk about.

He had planned out the whole plan one and all that kind of stuff beforehand.

But he doesn't tell you that.

He doesn't tell us what he's going to talk about.

So, he had planned that out and he had planned out the whole...

In the whole plan one thing, as you just heard, he had planned out the fact that in order to get on to the spaceship, you need to start dating one of the actual royals.

But he had forgotten that he had been portraying Prince Philip the entire time.

So, as you heard in the clip, when we mentioned, why don't you just go on to spaceship as Prince Philip?

He had not thought of that.

So, that put a hiccup in what we were doing.

And you heard us figure our way out of it and finding it in real time of what was going to happen.

There may be an update to this story coming up a little later in our countdown.

Oh, I think I know what that means.

But, yeah, that was a really funny one.

I listened to the entire thing, not just the clip, but yeah, really good stuff.

I enjoyed it, but anything else you want to say about that one?

Absolutely not.

I didn't think so.

Because the reason why is because we need to get to this.

The most exciting moments in podcasting, it is time for the third edition in as many episodes of The Snowman.

That's right.

Now, we leave The Snowman where he was.

Where he left.

And he is with his back to us all currently.

Yes, he's looking at nothing into the inky blackness of the...

And the studio.

Yes.

The expanse of the studio.

So now, we will press his fat little hand.

We will.

And we will see exactly where he ends up.

And hopefully, he has not looked at any of us yet.

But hopefully, he is back to staring at no one with his back to us all.

He's turning again.

He's now looking directly at Paul!

But that is only the second of four turns.

He's over Paul's left shoulder.

This is it!

No, almost did Ryan, but he's over Ryan's right shoulder.

Sorry, Snowman.

Better luck next time.

And we'll be back in a couple days.

On Thursday, we'll have the top three episodes of the year.

Yes.

You do not want to miss it.

Great clips.

We've had so much fun.

But for now, it's time for us to go.

And as always, take care of yourself and each other.
