♫♫♫♫ But the corn, but the corn, but the corn, but the corn!

Okay, for the listeners out there...

♫♫♫♫ For the listeners out there, if you were to hear and you just did, just the lyric, but the corn.

Let's sing... What song do you think it's from?

Let's set up the scenario.

You've heard a thing.

Let's pretend you've heard a thing that you actually just heard.

What do you think?

And go.

But the corn...

Oh, by the way, you texted me the phrase, take care of yourself and each other.

I did not see that.

And that's why you paused and looked at me like, Aren't you going to say the thing I texted?

Yes.

I thought we were going to say it together and then I was saying by myself...

I got scared.

I didn't know it and then I was like, God, I hope I get this right, but...

I thought you would get a notification that I texted you.

I did not.

I...

Weird.

I mean, I did get a notification.

I just hadn't checked my phone when we...

I was in it.

It's weird too.

It's weird.

But the corn.

What is this song about the corn?

But the corn.

We're fondly reminiscing about when we played the snowman game.

Oh, so fun.

And we were singing the song Let It Snow, which is what the snowman sings.

I was wondering, was the guy who did the voice for the snowman toy still alive?

Probably not.

The voice sounds a little old.

It sounds a little old.

A little old timey.

Not that the man sounds oldly.

He's not going to be like, the corn.

But he's almost there.

You know what I mean?

Oh, no.

He's like a day away from it.

And yeah, like one day talks like this and I say, oh God.

What in my voice?

Showman punched me in this room.

I'm 59.

And so I was singing.

It doesn't show signs of stopping.

And then Scott picked up on the next line, but sort of jumped ahead with...

But the corn.

And it stopped.

Because it's, but I've brought some corn for popping.

Oh, okay.

I thought it was right.

But the corn.

Sure be popping.

I thought it was, but the corn is good for popping.

It is.

I mean, you're not wrong.

I am well, but you're also wrong.

It's a great middle ground to be in.

Being not wrong and wrong at the same time.

But the corn.

But the corn is fine for popping.

Oh, no, it's fine.

It was good before.

You're really downgrading this corn.

But the corn is perfect for popping.

I like it.

Oh, but the corn.

So I guess I was not right.

If you heard but the corn, you would say that's not a song.

If you heard but the corn, you would say it's not a song.

By the way, but the corn.

Good freedom episode title.

For sure.

We should just name one of our freedom episodes but the corn, even if we don't mention it.

We should have had Lauren on this, so she could have been on an episode.

No.

This year, no.

She'll never be on this.

This is just you and me.

She'll always be on freedom.

There will never be an episode of freedom without the three of us and there will never be an episode of freedom with Mary Holland.

I was thinking the other day we've had scheduling cornflakes.

Cornflakes.

Corn is flicked.

Recently for freedom and I was thinking like at certain point, if I couldn't be there, would you just say like, oh, that's cool.

We'll get.

No.

Someone I like.

Not that I.

And I wouldn't have minded either.

I would have understood.

I'm sure.

Well, I'm sure any of us.

No, I'm not the one having the problems.

It's true.

That's probably why you wouldn't mind.

I'm doing my shit.

Good luck, everybody.

I wouldn't like I wouldn't want to do it with with anybody that wasn't you guys.

And I also wouldn't want you to do without me.

I wouldn't want to do it with anyone but you.

Come on.

If you were big enough to catch.

Yeah, but that was a pig.

If you were a pig, if I'm Darren South.

And I was a cat.

Would you fuck me anyway?

Oh boy.

What are you listening to?

You're listening to comedy bang bang best of 2021 part four.

We are at the end of our count.

I mean, we're not at the end of our count.

But we're in the final episode of for the top three finally cracking the top three.

This is the most exciting.

This is I mean, I am giddy with anticipation regarding what we're Frank.

Hi, Fertr.

I caught that.

Okay.

Little Easter egg for the Rocky Horror fans.

Well, Halloween Easter egg.

Well, I never.

I think I'm going to go on a limb here.

I'm going to say and tell me if you agree.

Okay.

Cracking the top three is more exciting than revealing number one.

There I said it.

Probably.

Okay.

Because I mean, by the time number one comes around, you realize there's only one thing it could be.

When you get down to number one, it's like this thing you've been building up to and then by the time you get there, it's anti-climatic.

I just feel empty.

But the top three, it's like, whoa, I wonder what order they're going to be.

Yeah.

These are the three.

Obviously, these are probably the three that are the top three, but what's going to be three?

What's going to be?

Yeah.

But then you crack.

Then you're at number one, you're like, I just heard three and two.

There's nothing.

There's nothing more to reveal.

Yeah.

I just heard three and two.

Wait, wait, wait.

Now we're at one.

I just heard three and two.

What are we doing here?

This makes sense, right?

This is what people experience.

Why should I listen to one when I've already heard three and two?

Oh, God.

This is what we're doing.

We're hearing the top three episodes of the year as voted on by you, the listeners.

Every year we put out a poll.

You're invited to participate.

You can choose up to 10 episodes, which are your favorite episodes of the year.

We then tally them, tally them, tally.

Tally those bananas.

And they are bananas because these are crazy episodes.

Oh, I gave that in match.

Let me say something real quick.

Yeah.

And this might affect the voting next year.

Okay.

I don't think people should be voting for their favorites.

I think they should be voting for which ones they think deserve to be at which number.

So meaning episodes that you, they didn't like, but they feel like they deserve.

Yeah, they don't have to like them.

They just, I'm not sure I understand this content.

I hate this one, but I think it deserves to be number 10.

But why do they feel like it deserves that?

Well, because they even though they don't like it, it's clearly it deserves it.

Yes.

Okay.

They got to give it up.

Understand.

It's the rules of they got to give it up.

I get it.

I understand.

It's like Tony Spero said, you, you, you may not love me, but you will respect me.

Is that a spoiler for many scenes of Newark because eventually not seen that move?

Eventually it is.

I'll eventually.

All of the Sopranos is spoilers for many scenes of Newark.

Because it happened as a prequel.

That's the thing.

Exactly.

Whatever you do, don't watch the Sopranos.

Don't watch the Sopranos ever.

Watch the Sopranos ever.

Oh, God.

Can you imagine?

Can you imagine that being your first experience with the Sopranos?

You would never watch the show.

You would never see it.

No.

Oh my God.

Speaking of which, this is your first experience listening to this.

Good luck.

Yeah.

And you're never seeing it because it's an audio medium.

That's right.

You will, if you had it, turn this on expecting to watch us do this.

You should have a look.

You're SOL.

Did you throw this shit up on your Roku or your Apple television or your fire stick?

Yeah.

I'd love to see you try.

I'd love to see you.

Oh my God.

I would give anything to be there.

I'd give you any amount of money to be in your house right now.

I'm not good at trying to get your body cooking.

I would love to be petting your dog.

Please can I live with you?

Please.

Please, I need a place to stay.

Please can I live with you?

I'm scared and alone.

Oh my God.

We have, I don't want to hype it too much, but we have three great episodes that we're going to be discussing.

Whoa, whoa.

But even more than that, we have the climactic conclusion.

Something that can only be described as the snowman game currently so we can build the anticipation.

The Superman is looking at nothing.

That's where we are.

We are over three.

Over three is not end.

The snowman has not ended his cycle looking at any one of us, which has never happened before.

We even have an extra person in the booth.

It's crazy, but I.

It's bananas.

Only anticipate the snowman will be looking at one of us by the end of this episode.

I agree.

There you go.

Hey, hey, I want it to be me, but it's not me.

I hope it's you.

I want it to be me.

And if it's not me, I hope that it doesn't look at anyone.

Okay.

I just want to go home.

Okay.

Upset.

So we're going to be doing that.

And that is very exciting.

The most exciting moments in podcasting for the animal kingdoms favorite podcast comedy bang bang.

That's right.

This is you are not going to want to miss a second or a millisecond of this because that is coming up at the end of the show.

Don't just skip to it.

No, don't.

And don't read the episode description where we tell you exactly what's number three, number two and number one.

Yeah.

And who the snowman looks at.

We shouldn't put that in there.

But we did it.

We did it.

Don't read it.

Don't read.

Don't.

In fact, learn how to not read.

Oh shit.

I never thought about that.

Can you unlearn that?

I mean, if you can learn something, you can not learn to not learn anymore.

Yeah.

I've heard you can't unsee things.

I hear that a lot on sitcoms.

I think that's only like, like if you see some eight millimeter film.

Oh, right.

Of something horrible.

Yeah.

Right.

That's or if you walk in on someone having sex.

Well, that's what's on the film.

Oh, right.

And someone's filming it.

They're filming you walking in on someone having sex.

Is everything film nowadays?

Yeah.

Everything.

They should have done film.

In front of a live studio audience?

Yes.

The sopranos?

Yes.

They should.

Isn't it weird to think that they shot the sopranos in front of a live audience and you don't hear them and you don't see them.

I know we've talked about this on a show before shooting a drama in front of a live studio audience.

They're just silent and occasionally you hear them going.

I know we've talked about it.

I know.

I'm sure.

I don't know.

I'm sure.

Still, we should do it.

We should do it.

Um, this is so exciting.

Even better than the three episodes we're going to hear, whatever, the snowman game is reaching its conclusion.

The final time we will be doing this in 2021.

I know.

And we know this is why you tune in and we're thrilled that you're here to close out another snowman here with us.

We're also do these countdowns.

We are thrilled.

Let's, let's get loose.

Let's get loose.

Yes.

Mommy, me, mommy, mommy.

Mommy is a sweetie.

Hi.

That's a good one.

That's why I can't even be positive.

Yeah.

My dad is a provider for our family.

I respect my brother too.

By the way, I'm Scott Ockerman.

This is Paul F. Tomcat.

Hi, by the way.

I don't know if we mentioned that, but if you're hearing the fourth episode of this, and why shouldn't you be, this is the best one.

Yeah.

Because it has the top three episodes.

But we're not doing our due diligence in introducing who we are and go back and...

We're not doing our due diligence.

Go back and listen to the previous episodes.

This is of course December 30th when it comes out.

Of course it is.

Right.

On the cusp of 2022, we'll have some final thoughts about the year coming up.

New Year's Eve Eve.

It certainly is.

Yeah.

We should celebrate it just like New Year's Eve.

Yes.

Countdown, everything.

Yes.

I think from Christmas Eve to New Year's Eve should be the same party.

Every night, there's a countdown.

Every night there's a countdown.

I'd love it.

I wouldn't mind it.

I'd love any party at this point.

Aww.

I wouldn't have a party.

I have a party.

That's our other show.

I wouldn't have parties.

All right.

Guys, we have so much good stuff to do.

So much.

Why are we wasting time?

We gotta get to it.

Let's...

We don't mean morally good.

We mean fun.

Yes.

Although it is morally good.

I think it adds some positivity to the world.

Okay.

And it's certainly not to the world's detriment, I think.

Other than maybe the energy involved used to create it.

Oh shit.

Maybe we should stop.

Whatever you do, don't break it and I'm fungible-token.

I don't want to be non-fungible-token.

I don't want to be unfungible-token.

Number three.

Oh, episode number three.

Give me them stats.

I want to hear it.

All right.

Are you ready for this?

Six hundred and ninety-one.

So high up in the six nineties.

Yeah.

Okay.

What date?

From February one.

February one.

Twenty twenty-one.

three and. 20 blackbirds. Yes. Big to the pie. Yes. Would that be good. I don't know. I don't I mean I guess. 24 blackbirds. I guess it's like. That's a lot of blackbirds.

The whole bird or is it the meat of the bird? Probably the meat of the bird. I guess they're stripping the bird for its meat, right? I hope so. But that's a lot of blackbirds for one pie. Unless we're talking like a giant pie that like you dive into off of a diving ball. Oh, well I assumed.

Right. That's enough. That's enough meat for for that.

Please don't make a diving board too high. Please. It's a pie. 2022. Let's make it a nice six foot high seven foot high in the new year. Any big giant pies we're going to dive into lower that diving board. The board. We're elderly gentlemen. Come on. I'm not just bringing chicken anymore.

And if you put chicken in a pie, please let me know. Cause I'm diving with my mouth open. Oh, shit.

Can you imagine? I guess you can. Yep. Um, do you want me to hit you with the episode? Give me that type. Hashtag.

One of our only episodes starts with a hashtag. And it is a hashtag. And in fact, it starts and ends with this hashtag hashtag. No stink. Okay. I have one. Yes. As to who is on the show. Sure. I bet you do. Who is Sean distant? Sean distant. Yes. Making his.

Is this his second? Well, no, he was on. He was on one of the big one or two of the big gang episodes earlier. Yeah.

So Sean distant is playing a character named Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber. That's right. We also have Tim bolts.

Sure. Is on the show. I'll just count on quite a bit playing Randy Snuts. I would like to give a special shout out to Lily Sullivan. She's also on this episode. Glad I did it. So there you go. So the three of them. It's just the three of them. No celebrity guest. Nice. This is one of the episodes.

The episodes during the pandemic where it was just like, you know, less people on the zoom of the better. Let's just do one with all of us. Absolutely. So yeah, this is really funny. This is the debut of Mike Ruby, the no stank plumber who was on the holiday episode. That's right.

Which if we can talk about that one, it's not eligible for this year's. It may be next year, but did you both in real time realize you both had characters named Mike who were in a custodial service? No, I had been thinking about it.

We actually this is very rare, but I texted Mike. I texted Sean the day before knowing that we would be the first two people on wanting to see what character he was going to do because I was thinking about doing Mike the janitor.

Oh, okay. And you wanted to stay away if he was doing. That was the initial one. I didn't even occur to me. He would do Mike Ruby. That was not when I was thinking. I was thinking of Rudy. I was thinking of Sprague Whisperer.

And then he said he was going to do that. And I was like, okay, and then I had a couple other ideas of people to do.

And then it was at that moment. I was like, I'm going to do Mike the janitor.

Yeah. Well, it was very funny because it led to the whole, like, you know, me introducing Mike. It was a great bit. I thought it was really fun. But it was one of those things where it was just like not planned kind of in the moment.

It was definitely something I was trying not to do the day before. And then you're like, I think this would be funny for both. It was great. Well, this was the debut of Mike Ruby. So we'll hear about his thing. And we also have Randy Snuts, who is a character that Tim does. Tim, by the way, Tim bolts from a lot of people who know him from the righteous gemstones. He plays Edie Patterson, whom we've mentioned before, who is the daughter of the gemstones. He doesn't play Edie Patterson. He doesn't play her, but he is Edie's fiance on the show. I forget his character name, but that show is coming back in a couple of weeks.

And they're both really, really funny on it. And Tim, Tim's very into Randy Snuts. We'll hear. Let's just hear the clip.

Let's just hear the clip we'll talk about after. This is what you've chosen to be your episode number three.

Number three. Randy, remind our viewers why I'm talking to you. Who are you again?

So I'm just like a laid back chill dude. I like to mix it up with my pals. I've been on the show like five times before. So this is...

I know. I remember talking to you, but I guess this is an interview show. This is of course humanity's podcast, formerly known as the show where we talk to interesting people.

And you are sort of interesting, but I'm wondering why a new listener would be interested in... I mean, most of our guests have something unique about them, unique New York.

And you can say, last week, we had a bus accident victim.

It's like, oh, not everyone in the world has survived a bus accident.

But what is it about you? Why did I first talk to you in the first place?

So the first time that you talked to me was because I worked at your favorite restaurant, The Domios.

And I used to fill the urinals with ice. And the reason...

Was that your one job?

That was my one job at The Domios. But I got fired for filling it with ice while people were peeing.

It seems to be a hard job to fuck up in that way, but you did it.

Yep, I'd be like, excuse me. And then I pour the ice into the piece.

Sure, no, we know. Yeah, we know exactly how...

Into their pee stream. And the fun thing about peeing on ice is you get to watch it melt. And it gives you a sense of accomplishment.

Were you trying to do that so it would melt quicker so you would have more to do so there would be more reason to keep you on the payroll?

Yeah, exactly. We worked on commission. You'd get paid for however much ice you got melted by people's pee.

How would they quantify that? I don't know how they would measure it.

So you were on the show and I found your lifestyle to be very intriguing.

Essentially, as you described it, you hang out and chill with your buddies, right?

That's true. And I tried to avoid needless drama and scandal through the exploits of my girlfriend who's a known provocateur Carissa.

That's right. Carissa, you're still with Carissa. Is that true or is that false or something in between?

Currently, Carissa and I are on a break because she kept breaking quarantine.

No, what was she doing?

I mean, she was just trying to live her best life while everyone else was staying at home and trying to keep people safe.

But what else could you expect from a duplicitous, devious person like Carissa?

That's right. For our new listeners, how long have you been with Carissa?

Right now it's probably going on like seven or eight years.

Okay, and what was it two years ago?

Probably, well, let's see, seven or eight minus two, five or six years.

Okay, I just I don't know why you said right now. Am I asking at some point in the past or the future? No, I'm asking right now.

You know when like one person in a relationship has like a hard start time for the relationship, but the other person is like, I didn't think I was serious for the first four months.

Sure. Okay. So you what was your first date though or your first encounter?

Our first encounter was hanging out in the backyard of my friend Mark Padavano's house.

Okay. Was he having a party or were did you guys just hop the fence or what?

How did this backyard meet meetup take place?

He made flyers for what's known as a bags tournament.

And we do you know the big game bags?

I don't know the game bags is it's similar to what am I thinking of Donkey Kong? No.

What am I thinking of the corn hole?

Yeah, yeah. It's corn hole for people that live outside of Ohio.

Oh, okay. So it's okay. Got it. So you were having a bags tournament?

Yeah, we're having a bags tournament and doing a doing bond beer bongs off of.

Do they call those rips beer, bong rips? Yeah, beer, bong rips.

Oh, so we were doing beer, bong rips. He lives in a one floor house.

So the beer, bong started on the roof and then people would pour multiple beers and we'd be doing rips.

And then if you survived the rips, we were doing whippets.

And that's when Carissa walked in the back and I had kind of a dream weaver moment and then I passed out.

Oh, okay. So you did you pass out from seeing her or the whippets or what exactly happened?

Most likely the whippets because she's probably like a seven and a half.

Okay. And a seven and a half in what city?

Oh, Chablogan, Wisconsin.

Oh, okay. So a one out here maybe.

Ouch. God damn.

Coastal elite laying it down.

So, but a seven and a half out there that you, wow, amazing.

And then when you woke up and you opened your eyes, was she there or was it a different day and your boys were there?

It was a different day and my boys were there and they were like, you made quite an impression because she loves tragic cases.

And I was like, uh oh, this could spell doom for Randy and a D O O M.

Yeah. So, uh, uh, and then when did you actually get together with Carissa?

Probably like a week later.

Okay. Yeah.

So that's not going to affect the seven or eight year thing.

Just a week.

Yeah. But I mean, a week later we hooked up, but then like four months later, she's like, like, why are you acting this way?

We've been dating for four months and I was like, deaf, who.

So you didn't know that you were exclusive at this point?

No, not at all. I mean, I wasn't seeing anyone else because my prospects were dim.

So, so it was not that hard for you to say, okay, well, let's keep it.

From this moment on.

That's right. So Carissa got the Scloozy and then we've been like seeing each other ever since, but it's been filled with drama.

That's right.

And then it will list off some of the drama we've talked about a little bit of it on previous episodes, but remind us what what exactly, I mean, Carissa is scandalous, as you say.

Yeah, absolutely scandalous, duplicitous, devious as hell.

Right. And what are the things that she's done?

Uh, she poured tequila on my Xbox one and set it on fire.

That's a combustible alcohol tequila.

She does a really good impression of me.

And she called my mom and said I was in the hospital with lupus.

What is her impression sound like? Can you do an impression of her doing an impression of you? Yeah. So it sounds like this.

So this, this was what she, she called my mom and she was like, Hey, mom, it's me, Randy. I'm in the hospital with lupus.

I got on.

Okay, that's pretty good. I mean, sounds like you, you were pinching your nose to do that. Does she have some sort of, uh, is her, are her nasal cavities sort of filled up or why, why the pinch knows all the opposite? She blew out her septum doing cocaine.

So it's just free and clear in there. Easy breezy. Yep.

Easy breezy, but it kind of collapsed in on itself. It's a real George W. Bush situation.

Is that what took her down from a 10 to a seven and a half?

Yeah, probably her collapsed septum. Okay. So what took her down from a one and a quarter to a one out here? I'm just doing, I'm doing the math.

God damn these left coast of leonists.

Shitting all over the heartland.

So I'm just saying it's a different scale. That's all. So, uh, so you've been with her for quite a number of years and she's done all these things to you. And has she flirted with your boys? I can't recall.

Yeah, it's nonstop flirtation with my boys. You know, it's always like she, cause she tries to keep me jealous. She thinks that I'm my best self when I'm just like filled with rage and jealousy and I'm trying to win her back.

Do you agree with that assessment? I mean, it drives me frickin crazy and then I go like, buy her gifts and stuff. So yeah.

Okay. So yeah. All right. And it turns me into a voracious lover.

Oh, okay. Great. Well, I don't know that we need too many details about that. Well, let me give you a couple. Usually I'm just trying to get the job done. But when I'm filled with jealous rage, I'm hitting all the bases.

So, a kiss, second base, some tongue, third base, hands, groping, consentually, and then home base, the hit in the dinger.

I maybe that's the Sheboygan home run. But out here, I think third, first base is the kiss. Second base is the hands. Oh.

Third base is something else. Well, it's everything but if you know what I mean. Give me the deets. I need this stuff.

I gotta go back to the heartland and use this information.

I'm just saying that. So, so you're kissing her first when she's wrong to you and then you're adding the tongue. You're going through all the steps. You're running around the bases. Yeah, absolutely out of respect.

You know, you're high-fiving the first base coach, the third base coach. Uh huh. Yep. I'm doing the safe sign to the ref at second base. When I slipped the tongue in.

And what is that in the metaphor? Exactly. Well, it's kind of like a power move where you're kissing someone and then you add the tongue and then you take your hands away from the person that you're kissing and they're like, dang, no hands.

Okay, so that's the safe sign to the ref. Got it. And then it, once you cross home plate are all your boys coming out and you're high-fiving them.

No, it takes me probably like five minutes after I've ejaculated to calm down. Is that what you mean? To calm down. Oh, really? What did you mean? So you're hyped up.

You're, what are you pacing around the room? What's going on? No, all my brain cells have evacuated my body and I need five minutes to remember who the hell my name of my...

Okay, so you're a blank slate. Oh, absolutely. I'm a clean slate. You're in tabula, Raza. Yep. Wow.

So, so we've established then what you and Chris have been up to. So now you guys are on a break. And how did that come about?

It came about because she kept breaking quarantine and then we'd come back and I'd be like, so where were you over the last eight hours?

And she'd be like, I was here. I was here. I was here. I was doing shots with my girls. I was at another like, you know, bachelorette party.

I was visiting some of my relatives who are near-do-wells.

So you don't like her relatives? You, her...

Yeah, and hopefully a lot of them end up in jail because they stormed the Capitol for sure.

Oh, really? So she's okay. Her relatives are of that persuasion. Absolutely. They tried to stop the steel and I was not having it. You wanted the steel.

Huh? No. What? Don't turn this around on me. You're okay with the steel? No, I'm not okay with the steel. I respect the Constitution. I wanted a peaceful transfer of power.

Okay. And that's what you got, isn't it? At the end of the day? At the end of January the sixth? No. At the end of a different day, January the 20th, yes, we did.

Yup. Absolutely. We shan't get into those details.

So how did she take the news? I mean, were you guys quarantining together?

She took it lying down because I set it while she was asleep and then I ran out with all my stuff.

Oh, okay. Did you leave her a note? Did she know where you went? I texted her later.

Yeah. Okay. Yeah. That's the end of that story.

I mean, I could go into detail about what the text was, but it was pretty brief.

The thing is you don't want to awaken a sleeping beast. And in this metaphor, Carissa is the beast.

Sure. And the sleep is sleep. She was sleeping. Yeah. And not wanting to wake her is not wanting to wake her. So everything but the beast.

Yeah. He's a one-to-one. Yeah. Okay. I got it. Yeah. I packed a duffel bag full of my stuff and then a second duffel bag full of like some things for my quarantine hobbies and some like puzzles and games and things.

So now, where are you living? At my friend, Mark Padavano's house. Oh, with the backyard where you first met. I mean, that's got to be bittersweet.

Yeah. He's a good friend. Yeah. What's he up to during the quarantine? He mostly shit posts online. He's kind of a libertarian.

Okay. But a great friend. Yeah. A great friend. Blood is thicker than water. Sure. And he's okay with you, even though technically you didn't quarantine for two weeks before coming into his residence.

He's okay with you staying over there? No, I stayed in my car outside his place for two weeks and then I came inside.

So do you have a job? I mean, you haven't been working, right? I mean, if you've been that tight on quarantine.

Yeah. No, I've been working from home.

Doing what though? Well, initially, I was helping Mark Padavano with his website. Oh, what's his website? What kind of website does he have?

He has a website that makes online ads for sports websites that redirects people to draftkings.com.

Okay. So if I'm getting this right, you're on a different sports website, like say, Barstool Sports or something like that.

You click on an ad that then takes you to draftkings.com?

Yeah, exactly. But it's not an ad for draftkings.com.

No, it could be an ad for like, are you concerned about your elderly parents and be like, I'll click on this.

It's like draftkings.com. There goes my afternoon. Okay, so you're making the ads. So how do you...

You're essentially tricking people into clicking on things.

It's a trick click. So we'll say it's a trick click.

Like I'd say it's targeted marketing research that hits at people's deepest fears. Okay. So what are the types of things?

All right. Well, definitely worrying about your elderly parents. Sure. Then sometimes we'll use the Chase Bank logo and we'll be like, uh-oh, something's happening with your account. And people will be like, huh? And they'll click on that.

Oh, my God. I need to bet on this. I need to bet on this December, Minnesota, Timber Wolves versus Sacramento Kings game ASAP.

What about the one about the cops hate this one trick to get you out of a DUI? Do you make those?

Yeah, that was one of Mark Padavano's first ones. Along with the picture of a fat guy and then the picture of that guy skinny.

And he'd say, this guy lost 145 pounds. And here's why trainers hate him.

So Mark Padavano is like a pioneer in this field. Oh, yeah.

He's a devious guy. He has no scruples or morals.

So he's devious as well. I mean, he and Carissa would be perfect for each other. Yeah, but he's loyal to me to a fault because we're childhood friends.

And we've never let sexuality get in the way. Okay. So he's never gotten sloppy seconds off something you've been with.

Or vice versa. Well, not with me. I mean, he's hooked up with Carissa a ton of times every time I break. Yeah.

Every time we're on a break, he hooks up with her. Wait, so he I mean, to me, that violates the broke code.

Oh, man, you're right. I mean, he's not loyal to you to a fight.

In fact, I wonder if he isn't with her when you're not on a break and then suddenly when the you're on a break, veil is lifted.

You know, he's able to keep it out and be open. Oh, no, Scott, don't do this to me right now.

I'm going to start spiraling on this podcast. You haven't thought about any of these issues?

No, I'm just happy to have a friend during quarantine. Wow.

Well, how much is Mark paying you to do this kind of work?

I got like, I get $15 an hour. Oh, okay. How many hours does it take?

I mean, sometimes it takes 12, 13 hours a day. Wow. I mean, this is not a bad gig.

I'm making really good money right now. Every time I feel insecure, I'm like, hey, that would make a pretty good ad to get someone to click trick.

I mean, maybe maybe he's paying you just to keep you occupied. Maybe it's worth the $150 to him. You know, I mean, you know, it's better than paying for the other way.

Dang. This is devastating, Scott. I mean, I don't want to bring this kind of stuff up to you, but how many times has Mark Petavano has he been with Carissa?

Like in the past? Or the future? I don't know why you keep asking this. Yes. Are we talking about the present? Is he with her right now? Yes, in the fucking past.

Dang, I knew I'd get shit on on this podcast. I'm sorry. I do every time.

I'm sorry. It's just my nature to push back on people.

Maybe I was hurt myself. I apologize. I shouldn't lie to you.

You're naughty by nature. And you're naughty by nurture.

You were raised that way.

Yeah. That's right. I'm Catholic. We're all naughty by nurture.

So how many times in the past then? I mean, I break up with Carissa at least three times a year, and Mark's been with her every single time.

Wow. Seven or eight times. Seven or eight years. Seven or eight years times three is 21 to 24 times.

Yeah. And he doesn't have a girlfriend or a wife, Mark.

Uh-uh. He's famously celibate. Celibate. Other than when he's with her. Yeah. Yes. Yeah, that's right.

Okay. Yeah. I don't know. This is very fishy. Was he surprised to see you when you came by the house and slept in your car outside his house for two weeks?

Yeah. His words exactly were Randy Defuq. What are you doing? That's an exact quote.

You could quote me on that. Okay.

He is, I already said he's a plumber, but apparently he is commonly known as the no-stank plumber. Please welcome Mike Ruby.

Hello, Scott. It's me, Mike Ruby, the no-stank plumber, Scott. How are you?

I am very good. It's very good to have you on the show.

I'm so glad to be here to be advertising on your show.

I don't know that you're advertising as much as you're on the show. I'm going to talk to you if we...

If Mike Ruby's appearance is an advertisement, you understand me, Scott? Do we need to hashtag this as ad then right now?

Yeah. Yeah. We should probably do a quick ad read. All right. Here we go. Here we go.

Well, I was about to have a dinner party only to discover my bathroom was covered in shit.

So I called this plumber named Randy and boy did he give me the run around.

He was talking about estimates and he couldn't guarantee his price, but then I called Mike Ruby.

Hi, it's me, Mike Ruby, the no-stank plumber, and I guarantee I will fix any bathroom situation with zero-stank.

We're not going to give you the run around on whether it's going to stank or not. It's not.

And it's the Mike Ruby guarantee. Hashtag no-stank.

Hashtag ad, of course, as well. Wow. Incredible.

You like how I kind of Michael Winslow that I do all the voices. I do the sound effects.

Yeah, I don't know that you were fooling anyone with it. I could tell it was you, but just putting on a little bit of falsetto.

I don't know what you're talking about. That was sort of like a fully fledged character.

I don't know. Usually, like I've seen Michael Winslow in person and, you know, when he does the helicopter, you'll be looking at the sky going, is there a helicopter right above me?

So you weren't looking around going, is there a woman who's evident in a party who needs a plumber? You weren't thinking that?

Not really. No, I was thinking, oh, Mike's doing a funny voice, but that's okay. I mean, I just think comparing yourself to Michael Winslow.

That's a high bar that I don't necessarily think you cleared.

Well, you know, you didn't hear my flush sound, so I don't know why you would go ahead and judge you didn't hear my flush sound.

I mean, I was pretty fooled. I thought there were multiple people in the room, and I ran to the bathroom to see if the toilet was stanking.

You got up and spre- like his hat spun around in a circle as he ran to the bathroom.

You may have missed it then, Randy. Mike Ruby over here was talking about a plumber named Randy that this client called.

Yeah, but that's not you, right?

Because Randy is sort of a silly name. You know, you think about Randy, you're like, this guy probably smells.

Yeah, no kidding. And so you agree with him, Randy?

I mean, I'm not disagreeing. Yeah. It's short for Randall.

That's not a name to be trusted.

Yeah. Well, it could be short for Brandy, couldn't it? Yeah, Brandy, a fine girl.

Sure. What a good wife she would be. My wife, my lover, my lady, and the toilet stank.

You guys do it a song.

We know the song. We probably know more than that to the song, but we're not going to get into it.

We're not going to get into it.

Let's not get into the weeds.

So, Mike, you, you promise in your commercial that it's not going to be stank.

What are you going to be stank? What do you mean? Because this woman in the commercial, and I'm being generous when I say that. You mean me?

Oh, whoa. Randy, you took off again.

Don't say Randy, don't worry. It's me. It's me.

Oh, okay. It sounded like a sexy lady was in my bathroom.

So this woman, she, what a strange experience for her to walk into her bathroom and it's covered in shit and she had no idea.

So it's somewhat of a worst case scenario. Someone else's then or someone.

That's a great question, Scott. You know, those are the kind of things I get into.

For me, it's just, you don't care why. I don't care. I don't care what it is.

If you want me to deal with your shitty bathroom situation and you want it to not smell, you got to call Mike Ruby, baby.

So, what's not smelling about, do you clean up the shit that you want to be there?

Do you want me to walk you through my panting? I don't know how many steps, maybe nine step process?

Sure. Yeah, nine steps. Let's go.

I love that you chose the number and you go double digits, which I respect.

Sometimes Scott, sometimes you over, you say it's like a 30 step process.

Then you're fucking locked in on coming up with 30 steps.

Sure. No, under promising over deliver.

So Scott, first things first, I got to start at my home, Scott.

So you, okay. Yeah, that's where the process starts is you're at your house.

Somebody gives me a call. They say, my bathroom's covered in shit.

Don't worry about it, Randy. That's just me.

Okay. So receiving the call. I received the call.

Okay. Okay. Oh, we're going to answer the call as the lady ghost process.

That's going to be part of the steps. Okay. Hold on. Let me recalculate.

I think we're at an 11 step process. Oh, okay.

All right. So I answer the call and then step two, hop in the shower.

Okay. You want to make sure that you're not stinking.

The first step to being a non-stank plumber, Scott, is to make sure you are not bringing any stank into the stank situation, Scott. You don't want any additional stank in there.

So do you rub your additional stank?

You have a beautiful voice.

Thank you, Scott. That is for one of our radio ads.

Well, then I do do all the voices, of course, by go, Winslow.

But yes. So I do shower.

You shower. Do you rub yourself with soap, essential oil?

So I got a Ghana, if you Ghana, if you're a decent there.

I got a Paul Mitchell, shampoo, and condition is, you know, Scott.

And then I also use Tom's of main bar soap, Scott.

I don't know about that. I think I would switch out.

Well, that's just exfoliation, Scott. I get that real. I get that in the crack.

I go deep, deep, deep exfoliation that I wash my hair a couple of times.

As you have a flowing mane of hair.

Yeah, it is lying. I didn't want to say it.

But you know, on the zoom, it looks like it was that down to your butthole or right now?

Right now without a butthole because I'm sitting.

But when I stand, it's right above my little butt crack.

Okay.

But when you have this much hair, Scott, you got to make sure you clean.

So and you know, as a plumber who showers all the time, you could tell that my hair is healthy, nose blend ends.

Yeah. You know, if I were you, I would be like a cyclist.

I would shave my body entirely so that there is never any doubt that I would be stankless.

You would think that that Scott is a good thing, but actually it's not Scott.

It's true. It's true. The more you shave yourself, the stankier you get.

Thank you. Snuts gets it.

Once you shave, you start releasing some of the like really stanky understand like the things that get baked into your skin as you sleep.

You know, you shave. It's almost like poking at a dead horse, you know?

Oh, okay. I thought it would be trapped in a beard or in the hair, but no, it just releases the toxins.

Well, then you just got you got to clean that bit. So I brush my bed over a hundred times before I leave the shower.

By the way, your beard is super long too. Is that that's down by the pee hole I see?

So my beard is not only on the ground. It extends like three feet in front of me.

Oh, wow. So this is like a princess Diana in reverse.

It's like a princess Diana. Reverse. I don't even know what that means, man.

She had a train when she got married. Oh, yeah. It's like a wedding train, but in reverse.

Oh, you're right. Okay. So that's step two. All right. Step three. Okay. I drive there.

Now, this is a really important part. I get it by car. I put up all the windows.

There's a lot of mini steps within this. So if we're doing like an outline, you know, this was like a and now we're down at the eye section where it's like, oh, you know, you did it a little more.

Why do the windows go up because you don't want any of the outside air? Any outside smell, Scott.

So not only does the window go up, but I do spray heavy chemicals inside the car.

Okay. So it smells like that new car kind of thing.

No cost smell, Osmell, bleach, for breeze. I spray it all, Scott. And the windows up and I keep from passing out by holding a small cloth over my face.

Okay. Wow. Counterintuitive, but that seems to work. It is counterintuitive because that is sort of the chloroform sort of the way your chloroform.

But if you want to make sure that you don't get chloroform, you just have a clean cloth.

So like, like, what's like, what is the smell of all those things combined to like make you smell like once you step outside of the car?

I call it the Mike Ruby signature smell.

Wow. And it is. It's trade marked. And I'll tell you, it's not over yet because it's not over yet.

Because when I get out of the car, the final step is I take off all my clothes and spray myself head to toe with X body spray.

Wait, is this step four then at this point or step four?

Okay. Great.

All right. So we show. We show.

And then we drive there and drive there, which has a lot of many steps of the rolling of the windows stepping out of the car, et cetera.

And now we have sprayed the body with X body spray. And now we are at the we are at the customer's home, Scott.

So wait. So no one is smelling the Mike Ruby signature smell other than you because not yet.

Because once you get to the doorstep, it's X body spray all the way.

Well, the reason I do that, Scott, is I want to train my nose to be, you know, it's it's trained for a good smell.

So any bad smell, I'm going to pick it out immediately when I walk into the house.

Okay. Do you have a do you have nasal cavities a lot like chorizo there where they're just blown out and you can smell everything?

Oh, yeah. I did what they call a cocaine simulation with pixie sticks in order to blow out my my symptoms so that I could smell better.

Okay. Cause you were you're a strict don't do drugs. Oh, I would never do drugs. God, I signed that dare contract and I would never go back on that.

When you were 13, I was 13, but I was still, you know, my parents were there. So they did a grief. It was legally binding.

Oh, okay. Well, okay. So we are now at step. You should get emancipated from that dare contract.

It's really tough, Scott. We could talk about that, but there's a lot of legal red tape to go through at least nine steps.

All right. So step five step five. Now I'm in your house step five. I'm going to say point me in the direction of the stake.

Okay. So you just want to you just want the directions.

Yeah. I just want the direction because the east south or west.

Just sort of actually hold out two arms and sort of do it at an angle. And I know that the message within that angle.

Okay. So essentially like a 45 degree or at least you could maybe widen it out. If you put your arms behind your back to like 190, 200 degree.

You want to really be up to us with it. You can go ahead and do that. Sure. Of course. So Scott, at this point, I flowed off the ground like Pepe Lippie.

No way. You love the steak. Yeah. You love the steak. Well, see, I don't love the steak, but you're just a tramp.

I'm revolted by the steak. It's just my job is to find it.

So I find to me. So what's step number is this?

You're floating off the ground. This is six. This is six.

This is six.

Now, of course, I float my way. Now, typically we're getting to a bathroom, Scott. And typically this shit everywhere.

Typically. So why should be surprised? You know, you're not calling a plumber for like a simple clog.

Like you're calling a plumber for what like an act of God is God.

You know, I wanted to say that I think a plumber would, you know, and I don't want to tell you how to do your job.

But I think a plumber could advertise as like the no judgment plumber. You know how like, right, you know, you're ashamed when you call a plumber because of what they're going to find in there, you know.

Well, Scott, I could advertise that because one of my steps is to disassociate.

Okay. So you're outside of your body. I cannot take the smell or like the looking at even talking about poo poo and anything like that.

You've been doing it now for 15 minutes. I'll puke. So when it comes down to the time to actually clean, I disassociate.

But before we get there, Scott, before we get there, I'm of course going to hop in their shower.

Oh, okay. You want to hear. So that's step. So step seven, step seven. You find the shitty bathroom.

Step six is I float like Pebelip you to the shitty bathroom.

Step seven, hop right on in the shower. And of course I'll use whatever they have in there. God name for you.

Tease. You don't bring your own stuff. Yeah. No, no, no, dove body wash. You know, even if they have like a sort of like a manly one that's like a curse. You know, these are the things that can be found in other people's bathroom.

Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So you know that I wrote a magazine article that is 10 things your crush might have in their bathroom?

Oh, no. I didn't realize you wrote that. I don't know why I would have. That's a real manageable number two.

Sure. I mean, I don't know that I necessarily want to hear all 10, but we can circle back around.

We have time at the end of the show. But we are. We are at step seven. And of course I am reshowering, which is of course rubbing.

To get that X body spray off because you want the X body spray when you go to the door because you want to smell good for the humans.

Right. You don't want to leave the X body spray smell there.

Because some people might consider that a stank, Scott.

I don't know who, but yeah, they've been some crazy people.

But, you know, Scott, I shower again. I wash up all those smells.

I don't need my smell heightened as much anymore. I hop out of the shower, Scott. I look down at the shit everywhere.

Is this where the disassociating is? Of course. Disassociates.

And that's why it's step eight because I disassociate. That's how I remember it.

Oh, OK. So it's hard to remember with hard to remember that you always disassociate. What do you do? Blame it like what's step eight?

I've just showered. What is that? I disassociate. And then I start looking around and things get blurry.

And then I sort of fall over and hit my head on the side of the sea. Oh, God. Wait, is this step? Step nine? No, this is a step eight still.

This is disassociate. Step nine is hit your head on the side of the. Oh, OK. That's a huge, that's a huge part of it.

OK, well, that's all the steps there are. No, but there's 11, Scott, because we were going to go out there. I'm sorry.

Yeah. OK.

So two more steps. So step 10 is wake up and hope the bathroom is cleaned.

OK, well, how often 1% of the time is it clean? 100% Scott is my guarantee. I don't know what it is about me, but once I disassociate the bathroom, I'm on plugging drains.

I'm pulling out. Oh, OK. So you're waking up and you've done the work. I guess. I thought you meant that when you woke up, you hope to the owner came in.

No, no, no, no, no. Like I do a lot of the work, but I'm sort of drooling and bleeding out of the side of my ear and I sort of clean things up.

And then, of course, Scott, in the event that the bathroom is not clean, step 11, I will burn the residents to the ground. OK.

How many times has that happened? Well, you know, Scott, I'd say it happens around, you know, was it twice a month? Oh, OK.

Because that's is that part of the contract they signed when you. Oh, yeah.

If you want the Mike Ruby guarantee, you got to be OK with the chances.

The one of 10 chance that I will have to burn your house to the ground because quite honestly, it's just too far gone.

Number three.

Yeah.

Yes. Very good. That was, of course, Sean doing the 12 step process, which we cornered him into.

And I guess when I say Tim is into doing Randy, that's his like, I think that's his favorite guy to do. It feels like to me.

Right.

Because he just, he's really in it when he does it. Like he knows everything about that guy. Yes.

That's true. Yeah.

You know what I mean? Like sometimes when he's playing Darren Maticheck, like he, he's in it. I mean, he is, he was in bajillion dollar properties with you, Paul.

And there was a, you remember one on the call sheet, but there was another list that I want to bring up, which was the list of everyone was ranked of who would break the easiest.

Wasn't there? Yes. The editors had compiled a list of the cast who broke the most who broke the least. Right. And was he not the least?

He was the least. He was the least because he is, he's really into it when he does improv. And that's not like to.

And right above him was Mandelmond, who I only ever saw break once.

Yes. She is also, she's a great actress and stays in it.

And those two are very much like, they know what they're doing is funny, but they are also like, that's their process.

They don't want to ever laugh at anything that's happened.

Yeah. Yeah. So, so Tim, and by the way, where were you on the list?

I think I was, I was kind of in the middle. In the middle, who was it Ryan was the absolute worst? No, I think Dan Adude was.

Oh, okay. Yeah. That makes sense. I think Dan Adude was number one. And then Ryan and Tim.

Ryan and Drew, in some order. Yeah. Ryan on the between Dufour's movie was definitely the worst of it.

Yeah. So Tim is just very, any character he does, he's very into it when he does it, but I just feel like Randy is the one that he feels the most kinship.

Yes. I wonder if it's based on someone he knows very well.

I think it might be. Yeah. We also, we didn't get to her in the clip, but Lily Sullivan was doing that.

That's a really solid one. Diana Deep. Perfect time for a shout out for her. She was doing that her name. Yeah. She was doing Diana Deep a little later on the show.

You can hear if you listen back to that episode. Diana Deep is a character that she originated for her own show, which is called Going Deep with Diana Deep.

That's a really funny show. It's really funny. Both Scott and I have been on it with our spouses, all playing characters.

And she has a new show called This Book Change My Life, which I've... You were just on episodes of It. I was just on it.

Yeah. But man, it's really funny. It's really good. Yeah.

So check out her stuff.

And wow, we did it. We cracked the top three, but I'll tell you what's left. Two and one. I know.

But then the snowman came. Then the snowman came. Yeah, okay. Okay. I'm back in.

All right. We're going to take a break. We'll be right back with episode number two, but also in the snowman game.

We'll be right back. And we're back. Minimum. Minimum. And...

And we're saying things that we just said off mic, and then we come back and we say them on mic right away.

And why were we even saying it off mic? We don't know, but we said the word minimum.

You know what we know is Beach Boys. It wasn't like it was the final word of a sentence we said.

A full sentence? No, we just said the word minimum. At some point, we just start saying single words.

And we say them at the same time. And we don't know why. We don't know where they come from.

But minimum. What's weird is like a lot of the times the single words that we say at this stage, I will never say again after I live here. No, I crossed them off the list of words I've said.

Oh, for me, it just doesn't happen anymore. I didn't know you actually feel... No, I make a list.

If you'll notice, if you listen to all of these episodes one after the other, you'll notice that I never repeat a word.

That's wild. I just got to kill. This is the first time I'm saying this one. The.

Are you... I haven't said it in any episode before this.

That's... I'm freaking out right now.

Yeah, it's crazy. Anyway, so yeah, I'm kind of a savant.

Some would say idiot savant. Very funny.

But yeah, it's just something I think that's funny. I think that's mean. I don't like when people are mean to you.

Thank you so much. You're my biggest defender. Scott, I would kill somebody for you.

Who? My wife?

They planned a murder on a podcast.

A noir movie or someone misinterprets what someone said and gets arrested immediately.

He didn't even wait for me to answer. He just ran out.

All right. All right. You pieces of shit.

Hey, what's up pieces of shit? We are counting down your final two best old...

Let's throw some pearls before this swine. Here we go.

Listen up, piggies. Stop fucking that cake for two seconds.

With your crooked ass dicks. Here we go.

This is what you've chosen as your number two.

Number two.

Okay. Number two-dolls.

Number two-dolls. All right. Let me give you some numbers.

704. Okay, so we're in 700s. Yeah.

Early on. Pretty deep in the 700s. Pretty deep.

I mean, four. Yeah, four is a lot of anything.

If I had four dollars right now, I wouldn't be unhappy.

I wouldn't be here.

Where would you go with that four dollars?

Take a bus somewhere.

Take a bus somewhere else.

And then not get back.

You stay there.

Remember I have started new life.

As a bus driver.

I killed a bus driver. I take over his life.

Okay.

704 from May 3rd, 2021. This is when- What does that tell you?

This tells me I'm almost fully vaccinated.

And I'm very excited about it.

But when did this show start?

It started at 4 p.m.

And it's 3 in the morning now.

No, when did comedy bang bang have its first episode, my dear boy?

Oh, probably in May a while ago.

Wait a minute.

Yeah.

This is a born on a verse.

Sorry?

This is the 12th anniversary episode.

Holy moly.

Number two.

Good job, everybody.

Wow.

Number two.

Who are the participants?

Jason Manzukas.

Andy Daly.

Paul F. Tompkins.

Me.

The band Manchester Orchestra.

Mancho.

Karl Tartt.

Dan Lippert.

Ego Wodham.

Sean Diston.

Jessica McKenna.

John Gabris Lily Sullivan.

This is another stacked episode.

Yes, a McCain.

Jessa McCain.

This was right at the cusp, but when people were like getting vaccinated, but we still, we just, it's when the anniversary happened to be.

No one was comfortable being in the studio yet.

Nobody was.

I think that I was past my two weeks at this point.

Yes.

But a lot of people.

I don't think I was yet.

I think the towards the end of May I was ready to rumble.

But still this one turned out so great.

It's so great.

It's funny all the way through Manchester Orchestra, the band.

Mancho.

They're probably listening to this right now.

Hi guys.

Shout out to them and they're big fans of the show and they did beautiful songs on the episode.

And then everyone just brought their A-games on it.

You have the aforementioned Randy Snuts.

And he brings his girlfriend Carissa, whom we heard from for the first time.

Very scandalous.

Sprague is on it.

Geno, Charles Barkley, Rabbi Bill Walton, Charlotte Hornet.

But we're going to hear two clips.

We're going to hear Jessica McKenna is the second clip doing Marjorie Kershaw, who is the park ranger, the character that she does.

One of the most wholesome characters.

Extremely wholesome.

Jessica is a big practitioner of wholesome comedy.

100%.

It's a delight to listen to.

A refreshing change of pace from the usual filth of this show.

So that is the second clip.

But the first clip is the follow up to an episode that we heard in our last best of.

I remember.

And I'll just recap it a little bit.

In the previous episode with episode 700, which was just four episodes previous.

Jason Mazzougas and I and Andy Daley, we hit upon the Scrooge gang where Prince Philip was going to die.

And everyone was going to be dressed as the characters from Christmas Carol and Rob the bank.

You heard that.

And then Prince Philip was going to die.

And so then what happened was I think literally three or four days after that episode, Prince Philip actually died.

Right.

And every suddenly one day on my phone, everyone started saying, you guys did it.

You guys, the plan went off without a hit.

Just 100 year old man suddenly died.

So we realized that we had to address this somehow and thankfully the 12th anniversary episode was coming up.

And so this is what we're going to hear.

We'll talk about the behind the scenes of the other part after the clip.

How's that sound to you?

Okay.

So let's hear it.

This is what you've chosen to be number two.

Number two.

But here's where things went.

Gentlemen, I'm afraid.

Oh, they were reshaped.

Yeah.

Yes, exactly.

The person who we had hired to play Scrooge in the gang simply didn't show up, but it was fine.

We went ahead with it anyway.

No, we waited.

We waited for like five whole minutes.

Well, yes.

And I had argued for giving him the more traditional 15 minute grace, but a bank robbery is a moral size in show business.

Yes.

You have to be five minutes early, and that means on time.

So the fact here's I just we just walked away.

I have a question, Byron.

Yes.

In setting this up, did you hire bank robbers so as to make the bank robbery feel real or did you hire actors to play bank robbery?

Jason, were you not paying attention this hard time?

I wasn't.

I forgot.

What did we do?

We were there every day of this.

We were.

We were part of I so forgot.

We wrote this script right off the episode.

Oh, right.

I'm so sorry.

Damn it.

And so as you know, cut that out, Devin.

I'm not going to redact.

You just redact it.

I demand the rule is if you say I want it redacted, it has to be redacted.

If you want it redacted, it has to be enacted.

Yes.

So I'm enacting, redacting.

Well, anyway, it was a bunch of actors who had starred in the production of the Christmas Carol.

And we had got this great guy for the ghost of Christmas yet to come who all he had to do, you know, in Christmas Carol, all he does is point at a grave.

He's wearing big long robes.

All he had to do was just show the teller the note.

He didn't have to say anything.

Yes.

But somehow we got this chatty caddy.

Chatty caddy.

We got a chatty Cathy actor out there who wanted to like beef up his role or something.

It was crazy.

Well, and of course they did not realize that they were going to be shot for real.

Right.

Well, that was we didn't tell them.

Dressed as Prince Philip.

And so that was that ended up being really.

They kept saying like, Hey, where are my squibs?

I see Prince Philip has squibs.

Where are my squibs?

And we kept saying like, yeah, I don't worry.

We also told them that the police that were showing up were also actors.

Sure.

Yeah.

And everyone in the bank was an actor.

They would be totally safe and they should feel free to the time.

We had told them actually that we had built an 11 to 10 scale Lloyd's bank around the real bank.

So the whole thing was a set.

So it may be that the Scrooge fellow was suspicious of some of this and therefore did not show up the rest of the time.

Can we just say who he was?

It was Patrick Stewart.

Yes.

All right.

Let's say that.

Yes.

We were going to kill Patrick Stewart.

Yes.

The plan was to kill Patrick Stewart and everyone else who starred with him.

That didn't start out as the plan.

The plan was to get Prince.

Sure.

Get the public to believe that Prince Philip had been killed.

That was just a side benefit.

The benefit on the other side of it was that we could get rid of Picard.

Sure.

Right.

That was just incidentally.

But as it turns out, gentlemen, because there was no Scrooge in the Scrooge gang, when the police got to the scene, they saw the dead body of what was meant to be Prince Philip, this body that a dog and Wilcox had arranged.

With the rhymes, that is.

Yes, yes, yes.

And they assumed that this was the Scrooge and that this was a bad guy.

And then when they determined it was Prince Philip, there was this terrible panic inside Buckingham Palace that Prince Philip had joined a bank robbing squad.

Wow.

As Scrooge to the Scrooge gang.

Now it didn't help that he was wearing like one of those night caps that Scrooge has when he throws open the windows and goes down.

That was the real blunder.

Yeah.

Well, because we had thought that perhaps Prince Philip would have heard the gunshots who jumped out of his bed and all that.

We thought that made it more heroic that he jumped out of bed just to go down to the bank.

Just to go foil this bank robbery.

Yes.

But instead it looked like he was, if anything, the ringleader, which is a very compelling narrative, I'm sure, that the tabloids picked up within ran with.

So this, we've never seen anything like it in London.

This was the greatest clamping down of a news story you have ever seen in England.

You've never seen such a message discipline on the part of the royals or such cooperation on the part of the, of reporters.

Anyone who came within a mile of it was threatened with their lives and ran away.

Probably a kilometer.

Within a kilometer.

Probably.

Within a kilometer.

That's just how you, that's so polite of you to translate it to the miles.

You don't have to say for our sake.

No, I assume that Americans are far too stupid to even understand that word and that it is a unit of measurement.

This was the biggest clampdown on a news story since Princess Di was abducted by aliens, wasn't it?

Yes, exactly, exactly.

And even bigger because apparently you've heard of that.

Well, sir.

Piers Morgan told me.

I mean, I think the clash wrote a song about it.

Yeah.

About the clampdown.

Oh, well, anyway.

And also I thought the law was vaguely about it.

Yeah.

Absolutely.

And London calling because they had to, there was a lot of calling in the city of London.

Long distance calls are very expensive.

That whole song people realize that the long distance rates.

Yes.

To space.

Yes.

Well, they put out Buckingham Palace, put out the story that Prince Philip had died peacefully surrounded by family.

And of course, that's what everyone thinks happened.

And I'm furious because all of our wonderful efforts have gone to naught.

They've been sort of sewn up tight by the palace.

Well, it was unfortunate because we had an airtight plan and we had the branding of the Scrooge gang that was going to be just dynamite and take over the world.

And it's unfortunate.

It's unfortunate.

And it's also really inter like completely interrupts your entire plan to get on that spaceship.

Were you able to go to escape Earth?

Were you able to go to the funeral though and cozy up to one of the royals?

Well, the funeral itself was rather small affair, but there was an after funeral party, which was very, it was huge.

Was that in the hotel lobby?

You've seen a lobby of Windsor Castle.

Yes.

And it was really, it was like a three day bachanal.

But here's where things get only more complicated.

Okay.

If you'll remember Lady Amelia Spencer, right?

She is single right.

Single ready to mingle.

Is she the one that's engaged to the Gris?

Yes.

Okay.

Well, this is what we're not when I asked Dalton Wilcox, where did you get the body to swap?

He said, this is the Gris.

Whoa.

Yes.

Dalton Wilcox.

And this is one of his own volition.

Well, he came to feel that this was a Dr. Mallet, Mr. Grissell.

Sorry, right?

That's right.

And so...

That's right.

And it was his duty bound to kill a monster.

Yes.

And so he shot the Gris through the heart with a silver bullet.

And just to be safe, also shot up in the left thigh because...

Who knows where his heart is?

Sometimes people's hearts are in their thighs.

People's hearts can be moved.

Yes.

Wow.

Well, Gris is gone.

So, Lady, what's her name?

Amelia Spencer.

She's...

I mean, the Gris has dropped off her radar.

So, maybe she's ready to party.

The Gris is buried in Prince Philip's grave.

Wow.

How are you in prosthetic makeups?

Wow.

Yes.

That's what's going on.

Crazy.

So, how does this affect Plan 1 and you getting up there?

Well, now, how to fix it?

Is it I?

Now.

I am trying my best to woo Lady Amelia Spencer.

And to become a new...

How's it going?

Husband.

Well, it's been difficult because she doesn't accept that the Gris is gone.

She says, oh, no, that's just the Gris.

He...

He disappears for a while, you know.

He goes to the Gris.

Yes.

He's that kind of guy.

The Gris goes off the Gris.

You know, this is typical Gris Biz.

Right.

So, she's, you know, I mean, all of my sort of...

There's no Grisness like show Grisness.

Sure.

So, so she's not receptive to your charms as of yet.

No, she keeps saying, I'm engaged.

I'm engaged.

Well, what would the Gris say and all this?

And I...

Of course, I have this inside information that he's been buried, he's dead and buried.

But I...

At my point, do you just drop this information in her lap and say, look, I know what's really going on and I'm your best bet right now.

That's what I'm trying to figure out at some point, just take her aside and say, listen, your fiance has been murdered.

Don't just take her aside, take her to the grave itself and exhum the body and take off the prosthetics and show.

You know, you might have to show her.

Oh, that's not fair.

Don't just tell.

Show.

I have to bring along some alcohol swabs to get the prosthetics over.

That's probably the least of your concerns with exhuming the whole body.

Not at all.

Can you imagine?

Now, can you...

And also prepare her.

Tell her there's going to be quite a lot of spirit gun you're going to see.

Yes, it's...

And don't worry, we're going to be able to take that off and you'll see the Gris underneath.

Can you imagine going through all the effort of exhuming the body and digging it up and then being unable to take the prosthetics off and prove what you wish to prove because you didn't bring along alcohol to get to the spirit?

Well, if you could, perhaps you could bring like a thermos of drinks, like a slow-gen fizz gris, which is...

Which you could be drinking while you're exhuming the grave, you know?

Oh, yes.

There would be drinks involved, you know.

This is a nice little date, you know, out there in the cemetery.

This could be romantic.

Yeah.

Uh, I suppose so.

And prompt some closure for her and then, boom, you're right there to be the shoulder she cries on next thing you know, you're in outer space.

Yes.

Well, that's fine.

Which is the end game, right?

Being in outer space.

Being in outer space is the end game.

Well, I think the end game is killing Thanos.

I'm getting people back from the blip.

Right, of course, yes.

Well, this is...

This is...

I mean, when is Plan 1 happening though?

Because it was supposed to happen this week.

Well, yes, it seemed very imminent, but I gather that the funeral rather sort of threw things off a bit.

And now I wonder if perhaps they're considering...

They're wondering what will happen with the rock and roll hall of fame, you know?

Oh, so they're waiting for the rock and roll hall of fame to see if Shana-Nog legally changes their name and gets to the stage before Tina Turner.

Is that what it is?

Because if in fact Shana-Nog does not make it into the rock and roll hall of fame, then they're in the clear.

Maybe Plan 1 would be called off and...

Right.

Well, I mean, this all just depends on, of course, the gris being gone and the gris being...

If someone makes you my name...

What?

Wait.

Well, well, well.

Oh, no.

Why are they...

Denniston, as I live and breathe.

Who says then?

Oh, you know it is me, old Shana.

Sir, announce yourself.

Who are you?

It's me.

The gris!

Wait a minute!

How can this be?

We've just been told you were killed.

Don't Wilcox murdered you with a silver bullet to the heart of the leg?

No one kills the gris.

Oh, wait.

So you're unkillable or he just didn't steal some sort of immortal?

Are you sort of immortal?

How do you work?

I mean, I don't think I'm unkillable, but that blow didn't kill me.

Oh my.

So you...

So far I'm unkillable.

So that was you then with the prosthetics.

Oh, it was me with the prop state x1D.

Wait, so was it also you who was buried in Prince Philip's grave?

Were you buried alive?

Not the first time, Derry.

And it won't be the last.

Oh my God.

So are you here for revenge?

I'll tell you what I'm here for.

I'm here to defend the order of my girlfriend, Lady Amelia.

Wow!

This is the shocker.

They did all of this for love.

For love and for sex and for money.

Where's the money coming?

Oh, I guess she's got a lot of money.

She's a Spencer, yes.

Money's...

She's a Windsor.

So you know everything you know about the Scrooge gang?

I know everything.

The Scrooge gang's not going to work.

Wait, did you listen to episode 700?

Me and Byron like it.

Anytime, anytime I'm spoken about I manage to hear it.

I watch the world with the eyes of little birds.

Well Grizz, it's a pleasure to have you on the show.

Welcome to the public.

I'm sorry, be Grizz.

And by the way, I would like to thank you, the Grizz, because I also was against the name the Scrooge gang.

I thought...

At this point, it's a tie and you're not even part of it anymore, the Grizz.

It's a bit whimsical.

No, I'm not part of it.

And I'm not.

I never once part of it.

This is all a fantasy of your making.

Just so I understand, Dorton Wilcox did shoot you and did cover you in prosthetics to look like Prince Philip and did lay you in the street in front of Lloyd's bank.

And you were buried in Prince Philip's grave, but none of that had killed you and you managed to claw your way out.

Now here you are.

That's right.

You got anyone.

Nobody beats the Grizz.

The Grizz is shocking.

This is a shocking development.

It's shocking, isn't it?

Nobody beats the Grizz.

Are there T-shirts?

Because I'd love to make some T-shirts.

That's gotta be a T-shirt.

Well, the Grizz, this is incredible.

Did you claw your way out of the grave?

What exactly happened?

The easiest thing in the world is to escape from a coffin, whilst we buried underground.

Are you some sort of David Blaine type illusionist?

No.

The guy that goes in a glass box and says, I'm going to go in a glass box for a while.

Yeah.

So you have no aspirations to be any kind of magician or...

Why do I don't do for show?

I do it to some point.

He's a royal.

He doesn't have time to be doing magic.

He's engaged to a royal.

What's your marriage?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

So you have no time right now.

No time right now.

Sorry.

No time for magic right now, mates.

I've got to be on it.

I've got to survive to make it to the royal wedding that I'm going to have.

Have you announced your presence?

Have you returned back to your fiance at this point?

I've been communicating with her through a series of birds.

Through a series about which birds?

Which series is this?

Do you mean actual birds?

Are you in the sense of like in Game of Thrones?

Like the little street urchins are the gossip network, those little birds.

The little street urchins carry actual birds.

That's the expensive.

Wow.

That's the exact waste of the birds' natural talent to fly.

These birds is all wounded, buried, dead east and they can't fly no more.

Look at this crew prick.

Things that you should just be put to death.

Wow.

It's summarily executed if they ever get an injury, Byron.

What are you the producers of luck but with birds?

You're saying you've written little notes to your fiance and tied them to the legs of birds who are injured and cannot fly and handed them to street urchins who then carry them to Lady Amelia?

Did I start?

No, you didn't.

Honestly, I think it would be more merciful to kill the birds.

Oh, you were it, wouldn't you?

I do.

Well, that's you, isn't it?

I'll post off like you.

All you think about is, is it low and in me?

Really?

I mean, Byron Dennis and I have to say this is like, this is as a royal watcher.

This must be huge news for you, not only that the Gris is alive, foiling.

Gris is alive.

But also hearing about like a specific royal method of communication here to for unknown.

Oh, it's not a royal method.

It's a method from the streets.

I'm a commoner, you might say.

Oh, interesting.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

Oh, you didn't?

No, I sound like I come from Oxbridge, mate.

Your accent is British, so very posh.

The Gris, where, where, where, what's your background?

Where did you come from?

We don't know anything about you.

I come from the guy.

Are you some sort of like Oliver Twist or Fagin style con artist out there on the streets who's ingracing himself?

Oliver Twist was not a con artist.

He was an orphan, wasn't he?

And Fagin was not a con artist either.

He was a pickpocket.

And he ran a ring of little kid pickpockets.

I know, but he was conning anyone.

People were just taking people's wallets.

So would you say, are you a con artist, kind of like a Danny Ocean or a, I can't remember what Brad Pitt's character's name in the ocean.

But he ate a lot.

He certainly was always eating something.

Yeah, I think his name was Shrimp Cocktail.

His name was Shrimp Cocktail.

It's not a bad name.

Brad Pitt played a character named Shrimp Cocktail in the ocean.

I was Danny Ocean.

This is my best friend.

This is my best friend Cocktail.

And at precisely 1145 Shrimp Cocktail, you're going to move to the blackjack table.

How long does it take to sing the song God save the queen?

I mean, Shrimp come from the ocean, so it's not that big of a stretch.

Do we all might as do we all?

That's true.

So say we all.

Battle star, Galactic.

Oh, are you a sci-fi fan?

I'm sorry for that.

Oh, really?

What's your favorite?

You and any recommendations I'm looking for something new to watch sci-fi was.

Blake seven, of course.

You've got to watch Blake seven.

Well, okay.

Doctor who.

Yes, Doctor who.

That's the only sci-fi that really matters, isn't it?

These are really getting wrong.

This we agree Byron, that is the man.

Oh, right.

Good, good, good.

I mean, do you have a, I guess, you don't have a problem with Byron here.

I mean, the guy who shot you is Dalton Wilcox, right?

I mean...

Oh, I've got a problem with Byron.

What's your problem with me?

Dalton Wil, you're full of questions.

Hey, you're Byron.

All I'm trying to do is steal your fiancé away.

And if killing you to do it is what's needed, I'm perfectly willing.

Do you hear yourself mate?

Do you hear yourself?

You're shouting.

Are you even aware of the dreams?

I actually can't hear myself that well.

That's why I do tend to shout sometimes.

Oh.

I do, mates, let me just say, I do have a bit of tinnitus and so I often cannot hear myself that well.

And so sometimes I will speak more loudly than I realize I'm speaking.

So if that does happen, I do a lot of times.

This makes sense to the gris.

But there is also anger.

Are you even aware of the gris of the plan to take you up into space?

Do you even know that that's happening and that that's one of the side benefits of marrying a royal?

Are you even aware?

Indeed I am aware.

Oh really?

And no one's going to keep me from marrying Lady Amelia and going to space or deep under the ocean or whatever she wants to go because I'm in love with her and that's the truth.

What are you going to do out in space, the gris?

Oh, those space things.

I mean, I can see rocks.

Does it sound that exciting?

I don't.

It was exciting to me is being by the side of my lady love.

Wow.

You know, it's what's kind of wonderful about being able to, because, you know, previously when we were speaking to Byron a couple of weeks ago, previously, we got this whole story and I got really wrapped up in Byron surviving the apocalypse on earth and living in space.

But now that I'm talking to the gris, what I realize at the heart of this is a love story.

You know, at the heart of this is a story about Lady Amelia and the gris and that their love is true.

That is true.

Well, he did mention money and sure.

And money was number three.

And also that was number one.

Sex was number two and money was number three.

Yes.

For me, space is number one.

You have romantic ranking.

What are you going to do with money out in space?

Are you going to turn it into space box?

Bye rocks.

Can I ask?

That's the answer.

And now here's an interesting question.

Well, we'll be the first one.

Yeah, of course.

Byron, knowing that you had faked Prince Philip's death using what you believed to be the corpse of the gris.

Yes.

Have you been trying to woo Lady Amelia as a new, a new person or as Byron or or as the gris?

Have you been impersonating the gris?

And if so, I'd like to hear how that's going.

Well, no, I have been a new suitor, but rumor has reached my ears that Dalton Wilcox has been impersonating the gris.

Oh, man.

The man that he believed he killed to try.

Why would he do that?

Because don't you all want the gris out of the way?

We got to get through.

Is Dalton available?

I have no idea where he is.

And he's daunted around.

I have been trying to present myself as a new suitor, but Dalton who believed up and said, well, it still believes that he killed the gris, has sort of stepped into his shoes and tried to take his place to marry Lady Amelia.

He literally stepped into my shoes.

And you know what's funny is that my shoes is bigger than Dalton Wilcox's shoes.

And so he's had his stuff newspaper in a toast.

Wow.

It's very funny.

Wow.

You can tell that on his feet.

All right.

They look ridiculous on his body.

Just infuriate.

That must infuriate Dalton Wilcox because newspapers are usually from the city.

Yeah.

You must hate that.

He must hate.

He does all that city type.

He would prefer just manure strewn rags instead of newspapers.

Yes.

But that's all he could get.

Carisene's so sure.

He's like equivalent newspapers for cowboys.

He's manure strewn rags.

They get delivered on your porch every day.

And they're like they're wanted posters and stuff.

Did you see the manure soaked rag today?

Yep.

Looks like it's going to rain.

Well look, this is an astounding development in the Byron Edison story and the Prince Philip story.

And unfortunately we have to take a break.

And the Grease story.

Well, the Grease story continues on.

That's perhaps the most astounding development at all.

I will say based on the theme, this is a bit of a Christmas story.

That's true.

I mean, the Scrooge gang is ready.

A Grismas Carol?

A Grismas Carol.

Well, we have to take a break.

But can you guys stick around?

Is that...

Oh, I'll be sticking around.

Okay.

Wonderful.

I do have a tea later with Lady Amelia, but I can give you a little more time.

Oh, I'll be great to inform you, your lordship.

That day has been canceled.

She is a park ranger.

She's one of our wonderful park rangers out there in our national parks.

And last time we talked to her, she was up in the St. Louis Arch, which Byron and Jason, we mentioned, I believe, the last time you were on the show.

And we'll see what's going on with her now.

Please welcome back to the show Marjorie Kershaw.

Hi, Scott.

Thanks for having me.

Happy anniversary.

1, 2, 1, 2.

Yeah, check 1, 2, 1, 2 here.

Thanks so much for being on the show.

You remember, Jason, I don't know if you've ever met Jason.

I don't think we have ever met.

Oh, my gosh.

It's lovely to meet you, Marjorie.

Nice to meet you.

And of course, Byron Deniston, who's from Mary Old England.

Yes, indeed.

Hi.

You know, the Sheriff of Nottingham, et cetera.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, great.

Hi, nice to meet you.

Pleasure, pleasure.

Famous Denizens of England.

I'm lumping you in with.

I've never been to the St. Louis Arch.

But now I'm excited to visit you.

Now that it's a national park, I wouldn't go with the St.

Louis thing.

Oh, yeah.

Gateway to the West.

And of course, we have the Gris here.

I don't know if you've ever met the Gris.

Gris, have you ever gone to the St. Louis Arch?

Never been.

But it's a pleasure to make your acquaintance, my lady.

Nice to meet you.

Well, Scott, I'm actually not at the arch right now.

No, what's happened to you?

I'm at arguably the jewel of the NPS Yosemite.

National Park System.

That's right.

Thank you.

You're in your semi?

I'm here.

Um, didn't get transferred, not working here.

Just took my personal time to come out and look at it, because, you know, it's been my dream for a long time.

That's where you want to get to.

That is where I want to get to.

That's the big show.

That's the game.

That's, uh, I thought you'd been called up, but no, you're just there on the big leagues.

That's the big league.

So the arch is kind of triple A baseball and, if that.

Well, yeah, you know, I've been sort of, um, I've been making my, making a name for myself through some of the lesser parks, Jason.

So I, um, got it.

I started at Pinnacles in California as I call them, the jazz hands of central California.

Sure.

Uh, then I was moved up to the gates of the Arctic, least visited park in Alaska, dry tour to goes in Florida, which is just a big fort.

Then the arch during COVID where you couldn't go in the elevator, but I'm here on my personal time at, well, I would say the best park in the city.

The crown jewel.

Yeah.

The crown jewel.

Yeah.

This is where this is where you want to get, but you're just there on PT.

Yep.

And I did suffer a mild ankle injury.

Um, just as I was going through the South gate at WoWona campground, you know, I say, don't ever take a social trail, but there was a gum wrapper I wanted to get and, uh, Oh, no.

So you bet, you know, what happened?

You stepped on a pebble or just took a, I just took a, I took a route the wrong way.

And, uh, timber.

Did I go just like, just like a big old general.

Yeah, it started off, it started off great and interesting and then was terrible at the end.

That's right.

That's so far my experience here at old South gate.

But you didn't, you didn't like the freshest day.

Oh, Colleau, it didn't work out.

I chortled with my not joy in this.

You didn't like to fly away again.

Oh, twas grilling and the slidey toes did.

Oops.

Here I trip.

I'd be a fun prank for lumberjacks to play.

They'd be like, Tim Burton.

And then suddenly Tim Burton walks in, everyone's ducking and trying to get out of the way.

And instead of a lumberjack, it was Edward Scissorhands coming down the train.

It would be funny.

That would be funny.

Oh, well.

Thank you.

Better than the Scrooge gang.

Wait.

So Marjorie, are you like, are you down?

Are you like out of commission?

Do you need us to send help?

Oh, wow.

Well, that are you, are you broadcasting from it within the art?

In the actual park?

Do you need help?

Well, just barely within the park.

You know, I didn't make it to a tunnel view.

Haven't seen El Cap or Half Dome yet.

Haven't gone on a hike to the Cathedral Lakes.

Nope.

Just sitting here.

Just can almost see the grove of sequoias.

Just can almost barely glimpse it from where I am.

But you can't see even an inch of it, can you?

No, I'm just still just in the gate.

You're just in the, just in the, just right with the name.

The promise of it makes you happy.

Oh boy.

I'm almost there.

Mrs.

Is it true that Americans drive through trees there?

Oh, well, not within the actual park.

It would drive through within a tree?

There are drive through trees, but none of those exist within park boundaries.

Is that good for a tree?

No, no, certainly not.

Certainly not.

I mean.

Oh, look who cares about living things all of a sudden.

Yeah.

Birds are in trees.

Do you care about them?

Byron.

I like birds as long as their wings work and they don't snap.

Got a lot of rules.

Just that one.

So do you need assistance?

Have any of the Rangers come by and see me there?

Oh, I've been trying to make some inroads.

You know, I'm connected with all these folks on LinkedIn, but I just...

Sure, but are they not refusing?

Well, you know, Scott, I don't want to, you know, I don't want to, I don't want to spill any tea, but they are Yosemite park rangers.

So, you know, they're a bit of, you know, it's sort of like their seniors and I'm a freshman, you know, they're a little bit untouchable.

Oh, hazing.

Okay.

So if they came by, would you even let them know that you were hurt or would you try and be cool and play it off like everything's fine?

I have so far.

I've been trying to keep it very cool.

Yeah.

Have they swan by?

Have they driven by?

Couple people have driven by say, hey, do you need any help?

And I, oh, no, just getting rooted to the ground, just trying to...

You should help them.

Getting rooted to the ground.

Just connecting, just, you know, just trying to reconnect, just trying to surf those frequencies.

How long have you been out there?

About 18 hours, but I have, you know, always carry water.

So I'm all right so far.

And to be clear, you're not stuck.

No, no, no.

127 hours type situation.

No, this is right.

You're at about a...

It's an 18 hours type situation.

This is just frozen by my own anxiety and pride.

Just trying to make a good impression on these Yosemite and...

How far away are you from the car that you arrived in?

So, well, I actually just got dropped off on a bus.

Didn't splurge for renting a car.

You know, don't...

Just trying to make the most of my time out here.

Yeah, you can't afford that on an elevator operator salary.

No, no, no.

Well, this is terrible, but...

Oh, no, I'm in the park here.

We're mirror camped with Teddy Roosevelt and said, hey, hey, please.

This is a great idea.

I mean, I'm right there.

I'm almost at the valley floor.

That famous John Muir quote.

How far away are you?

Hey, isn't this a great idea?

How far away are you?

Isn't that on a plaque at the beginning of the park?

The mountains are calling and I must...

Hey, ain't this a good idea?

How far away are you from the gate?

Are you just on your feet?

Well, there's three gates.

So I am just within the South Gate at Wollona Campground.

So I'm technically in the park.

Just haven't seen any of its more resplendent views.

But if you were to scooch back even like three feet, would you be outside of the park?

I'd be out of the park.

Okay, so you just made it right in.

Just there.

Number two.

Yes.

So let's talk about the gris.

Okay, so a little background.

Again, Andy, you know, when I reach out and I say, hey, you know, Prince Phillip just died, we should address it.

That's about as far as our planning goes.

Like Andy usually then takes it.

This is what's true on the Andy episodes.

Andy usually goes, yeah, we should.

And then he goes off and thinks about it for a little bit and comes in with something and surprises us.

Okay, so, but all of the stuff about the gris and all that was all in the moment.

So then how did you...

And based on real things.

Yes.

And based on looking it up on Wikipedia going, I have big news, the gris, all I can say.

So then Paul, you were not planning on playing the gris.

Is that correct?

That's correct.

I don't remember who I was going to play.

I do.

Because I would have told you, right?

Well, also something else happened.

You were playing a Shevel Knievel.

Oh, yes, that's right.

So here's how the Zoom episodes are put together.

And separately, and on a show like this that has 10 people on it plus a band, everyone is recording their own audio in their own house.

Right.

And the geniuses here at Earwolf, Devin and Ryan and everyone...

He means it in the good way.

Yeah, I was being...

Not quote.

I actually was being sarcastic.

Yeah.

Oh, the geniuses over here.

Oh, I'm in such a situation.

I apologize.

They then have to stitch together 12 pieces of audio and make it sound like they're all happening at the same time.

And everyone's audio is...

Everyone has a different mic and a different room.

And so everyone's like is a varying qualities.

And then they all make it all sound like as close as possible to us being in the same room as possible.

Right.

Now, everyone presses record at different times.

And you, because you were one of the first guests on, you knew you were coming on right after Jason and Andy.

You had pressed record before your entrance.

Yes.

You did my microphone.

You muted your zoom.

So you guys couldn't hear me.

Yes.

I muted my zoom.

So you guys...

So we could not hear this.

You were not on camera or anything.

But you were warming up doing your voice.

Yeah, because I hadn't done it.

I'd only done it once before.

Once before.

And so you were...

Yes.

So I listened to it.

I went back and listened to a little bit of the episodes where I could get the voice.

And then I was practicing it out loud.

And what is your catchphrase that you were saying?

It's...

You're a rude.

I'm bad.

Yes.

You're like kind of going, you're a rude young man.

And you were like warming up your voice.

And none of us could hear that while we were doing the show.

So that was the character you were going to do.

I bring that up simply because this is one of the few snafus, aka situation normal, all fouled up.

Oh, I think part of my fault.

That happened on the show where when the guys put it together, they'll lay out the starting point for everyone's audio and they'll mute certain sections of it.

But the episode got put out accidentally with your warmup unmuted.

And so the first people who listened to the episode right when it comes out before we caught it about an hour in or something like that, an hour in, I started seeing people mentioning like, why are we hearing Paul saying you're a rude young man while the other people are talking?

And then I didn't play in that character.

It was very, I mean, I felt embarrassed.

I'm glad that you had a sense of you were about it to see like your warmup being revealed to the, I mean, it doesn't sound any different than what I do on the show.

Yes, exactly.

Anyway, so we thankfully about an hour into it, we took that version down and re-upped the one where you were muted on it.

But then let's talk about what actually happened.

So we were, you were planning on doing that.

And then we talked about the gris.

And suddenly while we were talking, I get a text from you that says, Hey, should I just play the gris?

And I love those kinds of surprises on the show.

Neither Andy nor Jason had any idea that was going to happen.

So I immediately rubbed back and said, Yes, you should.

And I said, just come in whenever.

And you found a perfect moment.

I mean, just listening to it back.

It's sad.

The whole thing sounds planned.

It's like you picked a perfect moment to enter.

It takes Andy listening back to it.

It takes Andy by surprise.

Aid man, that was such, I remember his face when I started doing it.

He doesn't quite know how to handle it.

He's such a great improviser, but he is surprised to the point where he's a little like, Oh, wait, what?

No, what is happening?

And then your voice is great.

And it's just one of the best moments.

I also don't think I turned on my camera right away.

Oh, I think I unmuted my mic and started talking.

Oh, he started talking.

He was very confused.

So he didn't even know it was you maybe.

Yeah.

So yeah, just a great, great moment and a funny, I mean, it reminds me a little of last year's countdown when Sean as Rudy, I think was talking about being a kick boss, being his sponsor.

And then I, I too, too, surprise in my text.

I'm like, can you, can you hop on this zoom right now and be kick boss?

And you surprised him as playing kick boss.

So it's, it's there were, there were little funny things that we could do like that over zoom where that we couldn't do in the studio where if you had been sitting here in the room, your communication of, should I play the gris would have been apparent to Andy, but it truly was a surprise to Andy.

Maybe, maybe not.

That's true.

Actually, in the studio, I probably would have just done it without asking you.

Yes, which would have been fine too.

But, but he at least would have known you were there.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Like about to do something or whatever.

He wouldn't have thought as he clearly did that the real gris was somehow on the zoom.

Well, that was great.

And then Jessica obviously doing Marjorie stuck there is really funny.

And so yeah, great choice for number two guys, but there it's, there's another one still to come.

There's an even better episode.

Yeah, I know.

I mean, technically it's the best one according to the people that voted, but it's number one.

It's number one.

Like I just listened to three and two.

What?

I'm going to listen to number one.

But look, we also have the snowman game.

We have the snowman game.

Don't lose heart.

So you know what?

Scott, I'm going to up the end.

I'm going to say once again, we will in unison sign off with Jerry Springer sign off.

That's right.

So that is coming up as well.

And do you want to up the ante?

You want to raise the stakes for the snowman game?

Okay.

Keep talking.

Fairly.

Yes.

Okay.

Whoever the snowman looks at, I will, I will personally pay a hundred dollars to.

And if the snowman looks at no one, you give everyone $200.

Oh shit.

If the snowman looks at no one, it's more likely to look at no one.

Yeah, it is.

Frankly it is.

But if it doesn't look at no one, it's if it does look at someone.

That's so exciting.

Shit.

I got it.

Okay.

If the snowman looks at no one, what's the better way to do this?

If snowman looks at no one, you donate a hundred dollars to charity.

Fuck, I don't want to do that either.

So snowman looks at someone.

You give that person a hundred dollars and then a hundred dollars to donate to charity.

Okay.

If the snowman looks at no one, I donate a hundred dollars to the snowman's charity of choice.

Absolutely.

Which will probably be to like extinguish the sun.

Right.

It's something like that.

Oh God.

If the snowman looks at someone, I'll donate a hundred dollars to charity and to that person.

Okay.

And if it looks at me, I'm doing none of it.

That makes sense.

Okay.

I can't agree with that.

All right.

If we come back, we'll have your episode number one.

And the snowman conclusion.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang, bang.

We are back and Paul.

Come out and play.

Do you think there's people that think that's a good movie?

I haven't seen.

It's dull.

It's a reference that I've known my entire life.

Absolutely.

And yet I have never seen it.

I think within the last five years.

Oh really?

Maybe 10.

But as an adult and it's.

It's not good.

Movies generally.

But you know what?

I will say this.

It's worth seeing because it's weird.

Yeah.

Okay.

It's weird.

It's worth seeing.

Movies pre 2013 are pretty bad.

Movies pre 2013 are pretty bad and I don't like them.

Go.

Movies pre 2013 are pretty bad and I don't like them.

And I wish that everyone who's in them were dead.

Movies pre 2013 are not good and I don't like them.

And I wish that everyone that was in them was dead.

That's what I do.

I said, yeah, you just repeat that.

I had more on to it.

And I hope someone pisses on their graves.

Movies pre 2013 are pretty bad and I don't like them.

And I hope everyone that was in them is dead and I hope someone pisses in the graves and I wish that someone was me.

Okay.

Movies pre 2013 are not good and I don't like them.

And I hope everyone in them is dead.

Oh no.

And I hope someone pisses on their graves.

And I hope that person is me and it is.

I'm doing it now.

Oh no.

You're making a mess.

Sorry.

Why do we keep graves in here?

Of all these people.

It's scary.

I'm meant to say this to you.

We've been doing it over years.

It's terrifying in here.

Why are you doing this?

It's freezing cold.

There's cobwebs everywhere.

Oh God Paul, we're here.

Yeah.

We knew this would happen.

We knew it would happen.

I did it again.

Lunch.

Oh you know what?

I think that will help people.

If they say lunch, I did it again.

Like oops I did it again.

Lunch I did it again.

I think it'll because it's like I finished lunch lunch.

I did it again.

What about I did it again.

Lunch.

Which do you think is going to be easier to remember to do every single time you have lunch?

Well I guess when you hear the word lunch you'll think I got to say lunch.

I did it again.

I think also when you think the word lunch we want people to think the word lunch.

Because it's always going to be announcing I'm having a lunch now like a king.

I think that we want them to get to the point where they're thinking to themselves I'm going to eat lunch.

Like final bite they should say to themselves what did I just do?

Oh yeah lunch.

I did it again.

Here's what you need to do.

You need to think to yourself what did I just do.

But don't like lunch.

When I just do it.

Lunch.

You do it?

Yeah.

Then you don't have to again.

You don't have to you don't have to think the words what did I just do.

You should feel that.

You should feel it's emotional.

It's like if we could remind it would just be a jumble of like one.

Oh my God.

This beer pussy.

That was my dog.

What's the beer pussy?

I was like one saying oh I wish my dogs could talk because I would love to hear what they had to say to me you know and my dad was like all it would be is a bunch of random just like food food food food food.

What do you hey Gary Larson take it easy.

He should collaborate with Morrissey though.

I think you've got to agree.

Gary Larson if you're listening to this and I know you are and I know you are.

You have nothing but time on your hands.

He would be who could make Morrissey good again.

You guys are perfect for each other.

Don't you see you fools?

How surprising would it be if they.

You think I'm married?

Well if they got married yeah.

I mean that would be.

I would be famously celibate.

Is Gary Larson married?

I don't know.

Is he still celibate Morrissey?

Yeah well probably yeah.

I mean no no no no I thought there was a song where he was like slyly admitted he got a little.

I'm having some sex and heaven knows.

Guess what hand jobs count.

Okay we got to get to it.

Yeah let's eat our vegetables.

This is your episode number one.

Number one.

Okay okay I got to know.

Episode.

No the stats and the deed.

What do you think is it in the 600s or the 700s.

I think it's in the 700s.

Would it surprise you then to know it's episode 696.

Yeah I guess so because I said fucking 700s.

Now I look like an idiot thanks a lot.

Sorry to embarrass you like this.

Fire off.

Fuck off.

Logan Roy.

Why did you say his own name so much on the show?

Logan Roy.

This is from March 8th 2021.

March 8th.

So it's only been March for like a week and a day.

Yeah I can't.

Is that right?

Yeah.

One two three four five six seven eight.

Nine ten eleven twelve.

Twelve.

This is do you want to know the title?

Yeah do.

This is an episode called Rather Good.

Okay.

Yes that is our number one episode of the year.

The episode called Rather Good.

Let us name the participants.

This has the aforementioned Gillian Jacobs.

Correct.

Finally in a number one episode.

Hey yeah.

She's been in some great episodes in the past.

It's never been number one.

She's been in some great episodes but this is exciting.

She is in the number one episode of the year.

This has Deanna Riesen.

I'm gonna have more than I can chew with that one.

I ran out of breath very quickly in that.

Deanna Riesen over is in this.

This is her first time on the show and she gets in the number one episode.

Imagine that.

This has Paul F. Tomkins.

Me.

And this has Neil Campbell.

That's right.

He of the Rather Good.

The Rather Good catchphrase.

Okay so little background.

I guess all you really need to know is Deanna and Gillian have a podcast together called Empiriotic Talks.

And you brought them in after a little background dropped out.

Yep.

I did a background check on them as well.

Deanna is on NCIS.

That is Jermaine to the clip we're gonna get.

Navy Criminal Investigation Services.

Service A.

She, we talk about, I think you hear this in the clip, we talk about what she plays on NCIS.

And this episode.

I'm glad it's number one.

It is, it's one of the few, especially during the Zoom era, when I would have to listen to them in full.

There's a lot of times I don't like to listen to these back.

But during the Zoom era, I had to dutifully listen to them all so we could edit them together correctly and make them cut out any of the weirdness of like, what'd you say?

What'd you say?

Right.

And this is one where after, but after I was done, it was like, don't want to hear it again until I have to do the best ofs.

And this is one that Koolop started playing and I like about three days after it came out.

And she was wandering around the house playing it.

And I just found myself engrossed back in it again.

And I listened to the entire thing with her.

And we just sat there laughing at it.

It's so funny.

The interview is fun with both Gilly and Deanna.

And then you come in, you have a great character.

And then Neil comes in with another great character and we're going to hear a little sections of all of it in these clips.

I mean, it's number one.

It deserves to have sections of all.

Yes.

You play.

Do you remember who you play?

Is that Alimony Tony?

No, you were Al A. Peterson.

Yeah, the smooth criminal.

Very similarly named.

He's the smooth criminal and we talk about that for a bit.

And then Neil plays Alister Brown, who I don't want to spoil for you, but he plays Alister Brown.

So we're going to hear a good chunk of this and a great episode.

You chose it.

So let's hear it.

This is what you wanted.

This is your number one.

Number one.

And Deanna, we have seen you in NCIS recently.

Have you?

Well, I mean, I'm not 80 years old.

All right.

There you go.

That's a bit.

This is a show that deals with naval crime.

Is that right?

There's apparently rampant amounts of naval crimes happening.

Are there standards of acceptance into the Navy so low that they just are taking want in criminals?

It's not the Navy.

It's never the Navy.

It's always surrounding the Navy.

Where does the Navy have jurisdiction?

Is it just like within 50 yards of a boat?

What is this?

I'm pretty sure they have land and sea jurisdiction.

Just land and sea.

Oh, yeah.

The Army and Air Force and Marines, they only have the land.

Oh, yeah.

That's the great thing about the Navy is that you think you can dive underwater and commit crime you can because we've got sea jurisdiction as well.

It seems like there's a lot of scenes that take place on docks.

Is that fair to say?

Not as many as there used to be.

COVID is really wreaked to have it on our dock work.

It's been very difficult.

Is everyone just taping it in their houses and splicing the footage together or what?

I would love that.

I would absolutely love it.

I have a cat who's constantly begging for attention.

I would love her to appear on screen.

What parts do you play on this show?

Let's list the kinds of parts that are on this show.

You have the brash investigator who thinks first.

Not that.

That's first.

Acts first.

Things later.

Yes, not that.

Not me.

Not you.

You have the RICE ARKASTIC CO-STAR who's there to add a quip or two whenever a dead body turns up.

Ooh, very close, but also not me.

Then you have a computer nerd.

Ding dang, you found me.

There we go.

Did the glasses tip you off?

Yeah, absolutely.

Real life nerd in other ways.

Fake TV computer nerd.

I see.

It's essential you staring down at a computer for long stretches of time and saying like, the guy ripped off the naval handkerchiefs outside of the area where we can track him.

Is that essentially what you do?

I feel like, okay, so she does do some computer work.

I feel like I short changed her and NCIS are going to be, fans are going to be really mad because they're going to say, McGee's the computer nerd.

So I feel like I should have let you have another guess at exactly who I am.

Oh, okay.

So wait, there's already a computer nerd.

Yes.

And you thought you were a computer nerd.

So you are on a few computers every once in a while.

Yeah, I need computers to do my work, but I wouldn't qualify.

A T-person?

Computer technician?

Mm-mm.

Guy who comes in and fixes?

Nope, not yet.

Not the fixer.

Huh.

You usually have like a brainy person in the lab who's looking at evidence?

Okay, that's me.

Yeah.

That is you.

That's me.

Yes.

Okay.

So you're like pouring vials out into the sink going, oh, this DNA is old.

Yeah.

This DNA is so old.

I can't tell what it is.

It's too old and corrected.

Someone called bones.

You know, one of our writers actually used to work for bones and I did the real bones.

The real bones and I several times have asked him to please put a bones joke in the script and he won't do it.

Isn't that weird that David Boryana's, if you take out a bunch of the letters in his last name, it spells bones, but he didn't play bones.

Oh, I just had to pause because you blew my mind.

I never thought about that.

Isn't it weird?

Do you think about this a lot?

Hell yeah.

It's the first time it's come up on this show, but it's a daily thing for me.

Anyway, Gilly ever be on that NCIS?

Not yet.

Emphasis on yet.

Would you go?

What like a, you're off or only I'm imagining when it comes to something like NCIS.

What kind of part would you accept on that?

Ooh, this is such a great question, Scott.

Thank you so much.

I think that perhaps I would like to play, hmm.

Ooh, maybe hmm, I could be a witness.

Yoo-yeee, by the way, is looking around like it's a beautiful mind, just looking at the possibilities flashing in front of her face.

So many different types of roles.

You couldn't see the thought bubbles?

Perhaps a witness.

A witness, a witness to what?

A naval crime.

That'd be good.

Hey, that's right in their wheelhouse.

Yeah, witnesses only get like one scene.

Oh, that's a spin off with you.

Well, usually a witness, okay, here's, I think the formula for these shows.

Go to the obvious culprit first.

Okay.

They say, I was never even there.

Find out a piece of evidence that places them at the scene.

Okay.

Go back to the person.

I think I was there, but not for the reason that I lied because I'm actually having an affair and I didn't want it to come out.

Uh-huh.

I was there, but I didn't do it.

Uh-huh.

Then it's pointing towards someone that they, all of the evidence finally points to, and then it comes back around the first person actually did it.

Oh, really?

Yeah, actually.

You can do NCIS Burbank.

I think that you can officially write that.

If you want.

So who am I?

Am I the person?

Yeah, you're the person.

Oh, look, you're going to be the biggest star on the episode.

Who, whomever is the biggest star on the episode always did it because they want that juicy scene at the end where they're like, oh, yeah, of course I did it.

You got me.

Okay.

That'll do that.

Sure.

I thought, I thought the ocean would wash all the DNA away.

Yes.

Great.

That's me.

That's totally you.

Can I hear a little bit of that monologue?

Okay, sure.

Um, is this my, this is the final monologue?

Third.

My monologue where they're, they're about to slap the Navy cuffs on you.

I don't know whether you have different equipment.

Yeah.

I was going to say, they're ice.

They just freeze them.

All right.

You got me.

Thought I could get away with it.

Thought the water would wash away the evidence.

Thought you'd never figure it out.

Thought I erased all the tapes.

But those darn forensic scientists got me just when I thought I got away with it.

Is that it?

Yeah, that was pretty good.

All right.

Not bad.

What if we added a level to it where I'm not quite sure who your character is, not McGee?

McGee adjacent.

Deanna, who's, what's the name of your character?

Casey.

Is that a K and a C or is that C-A-S-E-Y?

That's K-A-S-I-E.

Okay.

Now they're just getting tricky with this.

Okay.

But say your, say your Casey's best friend.

Oh no.

Betrayal.

Okay, try to add that wrinkle there.

Now you're talking to Casey is the one who actually uncovered the crime because she was in her lab.

She like was in her home lab.

And you left a piece of evidence in your room or like in the fridge in the common area.

You want a little lead in for you, Gillian?

Please.

Great.

Okay.

Marta.

How could you do it?

Casey.

I can't believe this.

I knew you were a forensic genius, but I didn't know you were this smart.

I had to.

You don't understand.

I had to.

They were after me and they said if I didn't do it, then they were going to get me.

And I thought I've learned so much from you as my best friend that I knew all the tricks how I could get a waiver.

But I didn't realize that you had new forensic technology that would catch me.

Oh no.

Take her away, Poseidon.

And then he rises from the deep.

Of course.

Yeah.

He has the ultimate jurisdiction over the sea, of course, as we know.

Stabs you in the butt with that little pitchfork.

Ow.

He is more commonly known as the smooth criminal.

Please welcome back to the show, Allie Peterson.

Scott, thank you for having me back on the show.

It's a pleasure to see you again.

It's a pleasure to have you.

Yeah.

This is Gillian.

This is Deanna.

Hello, ladies.

How do you do?

Oh, Sean, it's better now.

Thank you.

So that's those low rumbles are having an effect on my other guests.

People do enjoy my voice.

It's true.

They don't.

I think it competencies for my appearance, which of course is somewhat grotesque as I am completely hairless.

What?

Well, Allie Peterson suffers.

He's dipping into the light.

Yes, as you can see, I am completely hairless.

You'll be looking for it.

Why are you nude?

To prove my point.

Okay.

Well, you've proven it.

Please put on some cargo shorts.

All right.

I will put on, and you request some cargo shorts.

And a tank top, maybe at least.

I do not have a tank top.

I can't put on this hoodie.

Thank you very much.

You, you suffer from the ailments commonly known as alopecia.

Is that correct?

Well, that is actually not true.

If you'll recall, Scott, I faked alopecia to get out of a long term relationship.

That's right.

I'm sorry.

I've forgotten already.

So I have, I have shaven myself from head to toe.

And I continue to do so out of respect for a love lost.

So there's no current reason why you should be doing this because you faked the relationship with, what was her name again?

I did not fake the relationship.

I faked the illness to get out of the relationship.

Yes, I, okay.

A quick summation.

I know that Scott, you need this every time.

I was in a locked her relationship with my college sweetheart, Carla, for I got cold feet when it seemed that we'd been together long enough that the marriage question was going to come up.

And so in a terrible, terrible fit of misjudgment, I assumed that she would break up with me if she discovered I had alopecia.

But I misjudged Carla first.

She's a bigger person than that.

She's not, she's not a shallow person.

So I had to, I had to face my own stupidity, frankly, and leave the relationship with unfortunately her favorite hoodie.

And she has been hunting me to this day.

But in the meantime, I have helped other people get out of tricky situations by, by means of my business, which is, of course, to help you fake your own death.

So you help people fake their deaths, not alopecia.

Did you start having people fake alopecia first?

No, but if you'll recall, step one and faking your own death is you shave your entire body.

Except the anus, is that right?

Except you retain the hair around your anus to keep some sense of your own identity private to yourself.

Sure.

Yes.

So that is step one and then step two and three and everything we've all, we've gone through many, many times.

Last board's fake driver's license, all that stuff.

But you must, must, must shave your entire body first.

Right.

Can we go backwards a little bit to the romance with Carla Furt?

Do you have any questions about that, Killian or Deanna?

You're currently wearing the hoodie without a shirt on underneath.

That's right.

I just want to ask the feeling of it.

It doesn't feel like I'm having her on my flesh.

Yes, of course.

No, no, no.

I was going to ask the feeling of a zipper.

I really jumped the gun there.

Do you dislike the feeling of a zipper just on your sternum without a shirt there?

I like, I actually enjoy the cold sensation.

I enjoy the warmth of the hoodie with that one thin line of cold on my sternum, especially because I'm hairless.

It's the sort of pleasure-pain principle.

Okay.

Aren't you worried that the smell of Carla Furt is no longer going to be on the hoodie if you wear it next to your bare skin?

Oh, you're...

Oh, I see what you're saying, Scott.

Yeah, like your scent.

Oh.

Because I'm completely hairless, her scent is retained in the hood.

Oh, smell is on the hair!

Smell is on the hair!

That's relating this cure once sound.

I'm a little confused about timeline here.

Sure.

So you were in the relationship and then you started faking Alopecia.

Yes.

Did you do it suddenly?

Did you gradually shave?

Was it a subtle?

It was extremely suddenly.

I shaved one night.

She was asleep, I crept into the bathroom.

I shaved my entire body, standing over the toilet so all the hair would go down.

I could flush it easily.

And I crept back into bed and waited for her to discover.

Well, she's a heavy sleeper.

And so in the morning I had to shout, oh no, I seem to have contracted Alopecia overnight.

This woke her up and she...

Oh, it woke her up.

It woke her up and she immediately professed sympathy and wanted to take care of me.

And I realized, oh no, I have made a grave mistake.

And so she went into the bathroom to see if there were any sort of anti-Alopecia unguins or sabs that we had in the medicine cabinet.

And I took that opportunity to grab the first piece of clothing available, her hoodie, and jump out the window.

So you defenestrated?

I did.

Oh my goodness.

I used the hoodie as a sort of parachute.

Did you wrap it around your fist to break the glass open or did you...?

I just opened the window.

Why would I...?

Oh, I see.

Oh, yeah.

I went call over to knock in the deposit back on the apartment.

Have you ever found yourself in another relationship?

I have forbidden myself to be in other relationships.

I've come close and of course I've had one million one-night stands.

One million!

I mean, that's a rough estimate.

It's a guesstimate.

How long have you been away from Karlover?

Well, let's see.

That happened when I was 25.

I am now...

I forgive my vanity.

But about 50?

About that, yeah.

Okay.

Can I ask, where do you advertise your services?

I advertise my services, of course, on the dark web.

The Silk Road, the Penny Saver, Miskenections.

Very carefully worded Miskenections.

Have you ever gotten any of those one-night stands out of that accidentally?

Most of my one-night stands are people misreading the artfully worded Miskenections.

Can we hear one?

Can we hear one of...

Sure.

You, wanting to fake your own death.

The guy who could do it.

I mean, that's intriguing.

As far as I'm concerned, I would call it up.

Suddenly, just things happen and your bodies are tangled up.

I get it.

Yeah.

Wow.

One time I was able to have a one-night stand with a woman who was also completely hairless by choice.

And it was a magical night.

I just want to say that.

Two completely hairless mole rat-like bodies sliding together.

It seems aerodynamic.

It was aerodynamic.

It's the fastest sex I've ever...

There are like three seconds and you're done?

It was extremely efficient.

Like cucumbers mingling in a bowl.

That's...

Please, Yada.

You're getting me all worked up over here.

Wow.

And, and I...

And, Karlifer, how did she get that name?

Aren't you interested in not Gilean, Indiana?

I think I may have told you this before.

I'm not sure.

It's not ringing any bells.

Karlifer, the name comes from both her parents' names, Karl and Jennifer.

They named her Karlifer.

And I thought it was a...

Although I loved Karlifer to the moon and back.

I thought it was a cune.

But did you though?

I did.

The problem was, Gilean, I didn't love myself enough.

Mmm.

Have you ever written a song about your feelings of guilt and remorse?

All the time.

I don't know.

Gilean, I feel like we were going to get to the bottom of this Karlifer thing.

So sorry.

Which might be my favorite part.

It's funny, it seems that most people are not as interested as you are, Scott, in the origin of Karlifer's name.

I feel like we figured it out though, right?

Combining the parents' names?

There you go, Karl and Jennifer.

That's it.

That's a clumsy poor Manto.

And you told them as much.

Well, I told Karl, Karlifer's father.

This was earlier, and please, Scott, stop me if you've heard the story before.

This was earlier in our relationship and Karlifer invited me to her parents' house for dinner.

And I was meeting him for the first time.

Karl was a spineless, nibbling worm.

Jennifer was a vermouth drunk.

She was an alcoholic, but only with vermouth.

So she was in the kitchen probably on her third bottle of vermouth of the night.

May I ask?

I'm sorry.

What is vermouth?

I don't know.

Vermouth is a mixer commonly used in martinis.

Mm, you pour it out a lot of it.

There's a low amount of alcohol.

Yeah.

So you have to drink quite a bit?

Quite a bit to get drunk.

But she developed a taste for it.

She certainly did in the most terrible way possible.

Dry or sweet?

I think for her, Zeddi, as long as it ends in mouth, put it in my mouth.

Okay.

Ver, truth, mouth, mouth, truth, mouth.

So I was stuck in a living room with Karl as...

Karlifer was upstairs getting ready for dinner, making herself even more beautiful as if that were possible.

And I remember saying to Karl shaking his hand.

He said, and saying, Karlifer is a clumsy poor hand.

So I was doing so.

I was forcing him to crouch before me when she was a force of my handshake.

And he thanked me for telling him I was a clumsy poor hand.

Wow.

Like the sniveling worm he was.

But we do need to get to our next guest.

He is an art critic.

Please welcome for the first time on the show, Alastair Brown.

Thank you for having me, Scott.

That's my pleasure.

This is Gillian.

Oh, are you getting a round of applause?

I guess critics are not used to that.

Not really.

No.

You're used to giving those out, though, to art that you like.

Is that right?

Sure.

Yes.

I offer kudos.

Right?

Great.

And if you were to go see a Broadway play that's customary to clap at the end of those.

Certainly.

Yes.

And that act breaks as well.

Sure.

I don't know if that's the type of art that you cover.

I specialize in the visual arts and painting.

And I thought maybe I'd come on your program and talk about some of my favorite paintings.

And some of your listeners could learn a thing or two about art.

All right.

So we've cleared the table.

And now we're all set for the meal that is Alastair Brown.

Yes.

So I'll describe a painting.

Your listeners can Google it, look up an image.

And I'll also talk about it a bit.

Oh, OK.

Sure.

Do you want us to Google things while you're talking?

Sure.

Yes, unless you're driving.

OK.

And if you're OK.

So if you first let's get a start.

Paul Suzanne's a boy in a red vest.

I'm picturing it right now.

If you just picture his boy in a red vest.

Boy.

I'm picturing a little boy and he's wearing a red vest.

And if you look at this painting, one thing you may notice about it is that the use of color is rather good.

Yeah, I mean, it is very striking.

He's using some brighter colors that one does not normally see.

Yes, it's rather good.

I agree.

Yes.

Moving on, perhaps we could talk about moving on to a different painting.

Yes.

I was going to talk about Van Gogh's wheat field with crows.

OK, if you look up a wheat field with crows, one thing and not many people always pick up on this.

But if you'll notice the brushwork in it is rather good.

OK, the meaning his strokes, his...

Yes, how long they are.

No other way to put it.

Rather good.

OK.

Well, hold on now.

Wait a minute.

Now wheat field is actually a series of paintings.

It's not just one.

Yes, but the first one you see, the brushwork is rather good.

OK.

Should we compare Van Gogh to Cezanne?

He says he had a much different style because he was a post-impressionist.

That's true.

Yeah.

And his use of color...

Well, that was one thing they have in common.

His use of color and his brushwork are both...

Can only be put as good, rather.

So they don't have it in common, their brushwork is not something they have in common.

No, just the quality of their two things.

Much like in a Frida Kahlo's Girl with a Death Mask.

Oh, OK.

Her use of symbolism is...

Rather good.

Like what symbolizes what in that?

Oh.

Oh, the amount and the specificity.

How much, if you had to quantify it, how much symbolism is she using in this painting?

Yeah, percentage-wise and then by volume.

I would say 97% and I guess that puts it at seven liters.

All right.

I mean, this guy knows what he's talking about.

I don't want to sound nitpicky and, you know, I'm not an expert in anything really, but it just feels like these are a little bit of surface analysis.

Really?

I'm not.

I mean, maybe I don't know anything about art, but this is opening my eyes.

No, I can describe some more.

Maybe that'll...

Please.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, I mean, sorry.

I'm chuckling.

I'm thinking of Andy Warhol's soup can painting.

They do make me laugh.

Why?

Well, the use of humor is rather good.

What was it if you could say, what is it that's so funny about these soup can painting?

Oh, it's a painting.

It uses humor.

Just the quality of the humor is what makes it so fun.

Yes, the quality of the shine is through much.

Because if they were a bad quality of humor, that would not be funny.

No, I would be...

It would be grim.

You'd be crying, perhaps.

Yes, yes.

Much like when I watched a grim, I would be crying.

The TV show grim would do it.

Yes.

Why were you crying during grim?

I was worried the monsters would win.

Did you fight for every episode?

Most?

Everyone, yes.

What about the finale?

The series finale?

I mean, the monsters didn't win in that, did they?

No, no.

But again, usually at the second act break, I'm in tears.

But even after repeated episodes where the monsters did not win, you still can...

You just never knew.

That was the genius of grim.

But I'm saying eventually you would catch on that the monsters are not going to win.

Were you worried that just like 12 minutes into one of the episodes they would win and the entire show would be shut down?

Yes, frequently.

I would always check the TV guide listings to see if the next show was beginning at 8.12.

How did you get into art into your appreciation of art?

I don't know.

I...

Just always been a fan, I suppose.

What do you remember the first?

You've never been to a museum.

But you've never been to a museum?

Oh no, I've never been to a museum.

Where are you seeing these pieces at?

Jpegs.

And why can I ask, why have you not gone to a museum?

Do you not live near one?

No, yes, I live on the Washington Idaho border.

Oh, there are museums there actually.

And Newport, Washington?

Were my street addresses?

Or an old town Idaho?

Where the back of my house is?

There's not a museum anywhere around.

Well, I mean, maybe you don't live next door to one or inside of one, but I mean just just short trip you could actually get to one.

Sure, go to Spokane if my dad would drive me, but he won't.

Wait, how old are you?

27.

And you can't drive?

I know, I've never learned how to drive.

But they didn't offer it at Newport High School, go Grizzlies.

But you could.

You could learn as an adult, you can still drive the horses.

Sure, but I don't have a car anyway, so it's a moot point.

But your father does have a car.

My father does a car, but he uses it for his business.

What's his business, do you mind?

He's a house painter.

Oh, so he doesn't use it during his job.

He just uses it to get back and forth.

Is he a car or a truck?

A truck.

With ladders and paint cans.

Right.

Oh, the usual accoutrements.

The usual accoutrements.

Do those cost extra?

Or factory standard?

The cans?

OK, never mind.

If you were to learn to drive, maybe your dad would maybe gift you a car or you could buy your own car.

I don't think so.

He's rather upset with me from.

Well, why?

Because I haven't joined the family business.

Oh, he wants you to be a house painter.

Yes, but you know, you set that eye and then you just kind of trailed off.

Well, I was upset at what?

And my father has a business, Brown House Painting, after our last name.

But people get confused and they think they'll only paint your house one color.

And I always say you should change.

You change the name of the company.

But he won't do it.

Listen, we have terrible rose.

Are there any people that think that he will only paint brown houses and paint them in a different color?

Yeah.

Another misunderstanding.

We could prevent business.

Yes, there are several different misunderstandings, but none of them leave customers wanting to hire.

Right.

Yes.

He'll only repaint a brown house that he'll only paint different color, different color house brown.

But what is his first name?

His first name?

Gothar.

But he could literally paint a house that was brown and he could paint a house brown.

And he does get a little bit of work doing that.

But sure.

He always shows up because what color do you want to?

They laugh.

They go, well, brown obviously.

As he thought about many sort of advertisement or even painting.

Clarifying.

The truck that says we do all colors.

Yes.

I mean, he hired a town crier once, but the gentleman who walked through the town square ringing a bell.

He gave a bell.

He's through Old Town Idaho.

Through Old Town Idaho right into Newport, Washington.

Mm hmm.

No, let me ask you something.

Across the Ponderay River.

Alster.

Just walked across the river.

Sorry.

While he was on the Thompson Memorial Bridge.

Oh.

Of course.

Are you crying out?

Of detail.

I'm getting a little emotional thinking walking at a bridge with Carla Ver.

Let me ask you something.

Oh, I hope it's about the works of George Sarat.

It isn't.

But may I ask the question anyway?

Yes.

You said you haven't gone into your father's painting business.

And this is not to impune your art criticism.

But how do you make a living?

I was going to ask that as well.

Do you earn any money from your business?

No, I've earned zero money.

I'm a dependent on my father's tax forms.

Have you shared your views with any other people?

Or are we the first people to hear your views on this art?

I've published quite a few Facebook posts.

Oh, OK.

Analyzing the works of various artists.

How many friends do you have on Facebook?

Let's see.

My dad.

It's nice.

My aunt.

Oh, you're an idiot.

What does she do?

She runs a business that ferries people across the Ponderay River in a rowboat back and forth.

If they don't want to use the bridge.

Sorry, what?

She takes a rowboat and gets people from one side of the river to the other if they don't like using bridges.

How popular is her business?

It doesn't seem like there'd be a lot.

Oh, on.

Oh, OK.

So does that lead to arguments with her?

Oh, no.

I don't want to.

A forsake any birthday or Christmas gifts.

So I say, I hope it's going well.

I have a question.

Yes.

Seemingly unrelated.

Do you believe monsters are real?

Is that why you're so afraid watching grim?

I didn't until I began watching it.

And then I thought there's no way those could be special effects.

So you are aware of the concept of special effects.

Yes.

But you feel that the special effects on grim are so good that they must be real monsters.

Exactly.

Couldn't have put it better myself.

That was rather good.

So you are.

So do you hope to be paid for your criticism or?

Oh, yes.

Yes.

I'm writing a big paper on Jacob Lawrence on his works.

And what would you say about his work?

Oh, straight to Embary.

Just the use of paint is rather good.

The fact that he used paint.

Yes.

I have a question.

I kind of want to dig a little bit.

I'm an actor.

It's interesting to me that you are an art critic specifically painting.

Have you ever criticized your father's painting?

Yes.

I must admit that I have.

What was your criticism?

What did you say about it?

Well, I once looked at one of the houses he painted and I said, and he said, well, what do you think?

He asked the question.

He opened up.

Why were you there?

And I said, I was just doing my afternoon skip around the neighborhood.

I happen to have to.

It was every afternoon I do a skip around the neighborhood.

And how long does that take usually?

Oh, I would say about half a grim.

So 30 minutes or so.

And I was doing half a grim with commercials.

Right.

Half a grim in real life or half of you are afraid it's 12 minutes, Krim.

No, no, no, half of a full grim that I endured the entire thing.

And I came upon a brown house who was painting.

Did it used to be brown or this was a brown house he was painting?

It used to be snow colored and then he had painted a brown.

So white.

White.

And he did the final.

Did you say snow colored out of your love for the show, Grim?

Yes.

I said, this is a kind of snow.

And he said, he said, he had finished his final stroke.

And he said, well, what do you think?

So you happened to skip by on his final stroke.

On his final stroke, yes.

They said, what do you think?

And I said, I would not describe it as rather good.

Oh, oh, that must have cut him to the queen.

So we had quite an argument and stuff.

Oh, so you an argument followed.

Yes, yes.

It did not precede my harsh words.

It ensued.

What would you say disqualified your father's house painting job from the rather good category?

Too much paint on the window panes.

How much?

That's fair.

What percentage in my volume percentage rise?

I'd go 74.

Oh, that's too much.

That's too much for a window.

Yeah, even 1%.

He doesn't use tape.

He just has paint as a bladders.

Can you just eyeballs it?

Yeah.

On a window?

Oh, God.

Oh, by the way, I just got an email and it's from both Gillian and Deanna's parents.

What?

My mom?

Yeah.

My mother?

Yes.

It says that you guys are like, sa-rah.

Huh?

I'll sell.

Yeah, what does she mean by that?

Each of you is a wonderful daughter.

Oh, wow.

Oh, I get it.

I got it.

Point-alism.

Interesting.

They're good.

Number one.

Okay.

Okay, let's get something out of the way first.

Yeah.

This was number one.

And you chose it.

This was on Zoom.

And yet still was episode number one and...

How about it?

It doesn't feel like a Zoom episode to me.

It really just feels like...

I'm gonna say...

Scott, shut up.

I'm gonna say that most of the Zoom episodes do not feel like Zoom episodes to me.

When I would listen to them.

That's good.

They felt like the show.

They didn't feel like that much different.

I know that other people, maybe it felt more different to them.

But I wonder how much of that is just knowing that?

Do you know what I mean?

Yeah.

And projecting onto it.

Well, even now when we do the episodes with Jason and Andy over Zoom, they still...

They don't feel like Zoom episodes to me.

And that's a tribute to not only the people on the show, but also to the tech team here.

People behind us here.

Yeah.

The producers and the engineers, yeah.

Yeah.

And we'll break down some stats about that a little bit later after we...

Fuck yes.

After we talk about the episodes...

Oh, I can't wait to break down those stats!

But yeah, just constant laughs throughout the entire episode and then Neil's character.

We should talk about Neil's character.

So Neil comes in with these...

He's very expert at these emotionally stunted weirdo characters.

You look too expert if you ask me.

And they tend to have, if I may be bold to say...

Fortune favors the bold.

They tend to have very thin premises.

But that said, he is very expert at then coming up with escalations and building upon them.

And then he has these escalations in his back pocket sometimes that he trots out like halfway through.

The whole painting, his dad painting houses the brown house painting stuff.

I truly, I should ask him, but I don't know whether that was just in the moment or that was something that he was like, oh, okay, if I run as team I can bring this up.

But most of his characters have some sort of weird little thing.

The one we did with Andy Sandberg a little later in the year where he's the question seeker or the answer seeker.

He had the escalation of working at his bully's business.

And you listen back and you notice he's seeding it throughout earlier because he's mentioning this certain product several times early in his appearance.

And then he trots it out of like, oh, well, I actually worked there.

So it wouldn't surprise me if the brown house thing was something that he had planned out.

But it also would, knowing him, it would not surprise me if that was something that he just came up with in the moment.

He's great.

One of the things about Neil's characters that's I think interesting in comedy is that they are guileless.

Yes, like they don't have an agenda.

They're never cynical.

They're just like, they're all these dudes who are like, I'm presenting my thing, which I think is nice.

What do you think?

Yeah.

And then they always have some weird things.

They're not angry.

Yeah.

They're just purely like, this is my deal.

And I also don't think like a lot of people doing these types of characters would know their weirdos and would have been made fun of a lot or something that would affect them.

And Neil's characters are usually like, they're just very into their thing.

And yeah, so that I mean, this whole episode was great.

And that was you just heard a half hour chunk of it.

But the whole thing is really good.

So great pick for number one.

Guys, you did it.

And that was pretty much at a certain point in the countdown, the number two was number one, the 12th anniversary, at a certain point in the voting, it edged up over rather good.

But for most of the voting rather good, just kind of ran away with it.

Congrats to rather good.

All right.

Do you want to break down some stats?

Yeah.

First, I just want to say to everybody who voted for number one, congrats.

It is obviously the most disappointing part of the countdown, but I hope you're happy.

Neil, by the way, okay.

Is it different guy now?

Neil, by the way.

Yes.

Neil, by the way.

Who's this?

Neil, by the way.

He'll kill us if he had the chance.

So that is Neil's only appearance on the countdown.

But he almost had three on the countdown because the other two episodes he did this year were episode 16 and 17.

Wow.

So he almost had three.

But let's break down the stats of like who appeared on the countdown.

Oh, yeah.

So the people who had one episode were Neil, Edie Patterson, Ben Rogers, Jamie Lee, Phoebe Bridgers, Drew Tarver, Bob Odenkirk, Griffin Newman, Phoebe Robinson, Casey Faye, Mike Hanford, Lauren Lapkis, Deanna Reasonover, Jessica McKenna, Casey Wilson, Katie Rich, and Manchester Orchestra.

They all appeared in one episode in our countdown.

And appearing on two episodes, Will Hines and Gillian Jacobs.

Will Hines could have juked his stats up, but he didn't appear on any of the anniversary episodes for whatever reason.

He was busy during those.

Right.

And I actually looked at him again and was like, Will wasn't on those.

And no, he was busy when we recorded those separate episodes.

Busy not getting on the countdown.

Exactly.

Three episodes, we have Carl Tarte, Tim Balz, Dan Lippert, Dan Lippert, very strong showing for Dan.

Very strong showing for Dan.

Yeah.

Relative newcomer to the show.

Relative newcomer, very good stuff.

You can hear a lot of his stuff at biggrondaypodcast.com.

So funny.

Absolutely worth it.

Worth your time.

Worth a peek.

Appearing on four episodes in the countdown, we have Ego Wodum, Lily Sullivan, and Sean Distin.

Shout out to Lily Sullivan.

Perfect time to do it.

Appearing on five episodes of the countdown, we have Jason Mazzucus, Andy Daly, and John Gabris.

And appearing on six of the top 15, we have Paul of Tompkins.

All as our champion this year.

Suck it.

All of you fucking pieces of shit.

You know, he always says it every year.

That's a little tradition.

That's all.

Okay.

So when the voting came in, I was interested of like, because it was pretty, the year was split into two halves, a half on Zoom, half off Zoom.

And when we were off Zoom and back in the studio, a lot of the fans were like, breathed a sigh of relief of like, oh, finally, they're back on studio.

It feels more like the show again.

So I hope they will get COVID.

So no, no, no, no, no.

No one's at that.

Well, they said it to me.

A lot of people said to me, I hope you all get COVID.

Now that you're back in the studio.

So I was interested in like, Oh, what's the surely most of the ones they voted on are going to be studio episodes out of the 15 six in person nine on Zoom.

There you go.

So there you go.

Unlike most years, every month was represented.

Oh, wow.

That's interesting.

There were certain months that were in previous years, there'd be like one or two months, you'd have none on the best of you go, Oh, we had a slump that that was awesome.

But yeah, and, but yeah, and, uh, that's about all, but yeah, I mentioned that.

Oh, that's about all the steps I have.

I look down saying surely I have more stats.

No.

And before I forget, oh, you, you, you, you, um, I think that proves that, uh, even a pandemic cannot stop coming back man, cannot stop, will not stop.

Um, let's, before we play the snowman, uh, just a few words about the show this year.

Uh, first of all, I want to thank our producer, Devin Bryant, who just started, uh, with us, I believe in January.

Was that your yes?

Okay.

So thank you so much, uh, for coming on board of obviously we knew each other beforehand, but you worked on other shows.

So obviously thank you so much for coming on to produce this.

I also want to thank Ryan Connor.

He's over there as well.

He is, uh, putting together, uh, the show every week and editing it and, uh, putting filters on and putting funny sound effects in.

Sometimes we don't want him to.

We're like, can you take all the boing sounds out of a lot of boing?

He's like, I think every joke should have a boing sound and we're like, no, man, come on, take all this out.

I do agree with that.

I think it's just the blings when you go to break that I don't like.

Uh, also want to thank July.

Yes, because he writes all the, uh, descriptions.

That's right for us.

And he listens to every episode.

What is he doing with his life?

Come on, July.

Get your shit together.

Stop doing July.

Stop listening to this.

Uh, I want to thank Colin and everyone at earwolf, uh, and, uh, very excited that we're still here at earwolf.

Um, so many years later, um, 11 and a half years in, I believe.

Dang.

Something like that.

A long time.

Like we were the first year of podcast.

I don't know why I would think that, but it feels like it's true.

Wasn't Adam Curry?

That's right.

Adam, girl, the curry and gorilla together again.

Um, also want to thank Brett Morris over at CBB World.

We started that, um, in October and, you know, check the stuff that we're doing, uh, before you wreck the stuff that you're doing.

You're doing, um, check out that stuff over at CBB World.

There's a lot of, if I've talked about it enough on, on this, but, uh, if you like what you're hearing here, we go even deeper into it over there.

I mentioned the Speed Force Thanksgiving special.

Um, Lily Sullivan show.

Lily Sullivan show.

We have Andy Daly has a weekly show.

Oh man.

That show is so great.

Uh, Sprague, the Whisper and I do a movie show every week.

Also great.

And we have a lot of stuff coming out.

So check that out over there.

Uh, I want to thank all of our guests.

Uh, and like I mentioned earlier, uh, especially during the pandemic, it got to be a very like sort of tighter knit group of people who were, uh, available to do the show.

And I appreciate them keeping it going, uh, the entire time and agreeing to do more episodes than I think they would normally do during the year.

And that of course extends to you, Paul.

Thank you so much for, for being, uh, the most important guests.

Uh, that we have.

The most important guests.

I don't know, at least, uh, to me maybe.

Uh, let's see.

What else?

Uh, yes.

And some of, I want to thank the listeners.

That's right.

I was like, where the fuck did I leave my place?

Thank the listeners.

Um, some of you have been listening for 12 years.

Some of you have been listening for 12 minutes.

Uh, I don't know why you started 12 minutes ago in the.

Yeah.

So you fast forwarded to 12 minutes ago.

But, uh, the last two years, I definitely think the last two years have probably been the most difficult to do the show in and probably, uh, even when I was doing the television show and only had, uh, an hour to do it every week, this still feels more difficult for us.

And I'm sure it feels more difficult for you in your life.

So, uh, hopefully this has provided some sort of solace to you.

Uh, and yes, thank you for your enthusiasm for the show.

Uh, uh, you know, from the fans to the performers, uh, it really does keep it going.

Uh, and I know we said this last year, I'm sure we did, but the next year will be better for everyone.

Yeah, we'll keep saying it until it comes true.

And then we'll be right.

Uh, Scott, I just want to say for my part, uh, I love doing this show and I've said it many times before and I'll say it many times again, I count the hours that I've spent, uh, doing your show.

Decades.

Among the happiest of my life.

Um, so thank you for having me and thank you for being such a good friend.

Thank you so much.

Um, we are going to end the show in a second.

Uh, and, uh, I do, uh, want to play one of Manchester orchestra songs because they made it to the, to the countdown.

So we'll end the show with that.

But before we do that, boy, it's time and there's money on the line at this point.

This is, this is a snowman game.

Like none we've played before.

And whatever charity is out there hoping to get a hundred dollars, it's on the line right now.

Oh man.

Can you imagine giving a charity $100 at Christmas time?

Can you imagine they're going to be so excited.

Have you ever seen a charity say thanks before?

All right.

Now we left the snowman in his previous position.

He's looking over Ryan's looking at the, the, the, the, the switcharoo gang.

Did it again.

Was this because of the bet?

Okay.

They switch seats.

Maybe trying to game out where he's going to look.

And I mean, they're actually, they're sitting pretty close to each other considering like, it's, you know, I, I, well, it's got to be direct.

It's got to be direct.

So even if it splits the diff between them, it doesn't matter.

It's got to be direct.

All right.

Where's his fat little hand?

His fat little hands over there.

This is exciting.

He goes to whomever the snowman looks at.

And if he looks at no one, 100 goes to charity.

And if he looks at someone, 100 goes to charity as well.

And if he looks at me, nothing, I'm not given anything.

Nothing happened at all.

Here we go.

This is exciting.

Here we go.

He's looking.

But the corn.

First spin.

He is looking right at Devin.

Looking right at Devin.

Right down the barrel.

Now he's spinning again.

He's looking at no one.

He's looking right at Devin.

He's looking at no one.

Third spin of four.

He's looking at no one again.

But that usually means he's going to look at someone.

Fourth spin.

Oh, you've shot him a bitch.

Son of a bitch.

Oh.

He hit.

Okay.

So you know that that's not us.

That's the snowman that doesn't want.

No one.

A hundred dollars to go to a charity.

No, it's going to.

He doesn't want a hundred dollars to go to one of them.

Oh, you fucking asshole.

All right.

That is disappointing.

That's really disappointing.

As Kevin Sorbo once said.

Take care of yourself.

Wait.

Oh, no.

Sorry about me, Jerry.

All right.

We're going to we'll hear the Manchester Orchestra song.

Thank you, everyone.

This has been a delight.

Thank you so much, Paul, for doing the best of us.

Thank you, Scott, for having me.

And as always, take care of yourself and each other.

One, two, three, four.

Let my mind you are an old empty apartment.

Sitting on your mother's table next to you, sir.

Carving out our names and to each piece of wood and cotton.

Total, I don't know how I'd be.

I'm thinking of my soul.

Maybe do you want me?

No, no, no.

Linging out my soul.

Maybe do you want me?

No, no, no.

I'm not a kid.

Everyone I know is slowly falling in the ocean.

I don't want to be the next to go.

I never learned to swim.

Maybe do you love me?

No, no, no.

I don't want to be the next to go.

When I'm falling, when I'm falling.

I don't want to be the next to go.

You I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look at this.
