We're counting down the best of 2013. We are counting down number six through four this episode, along with several bonus clips. I'm here with Paul F. Tompkins, all of that and more, all on today's!

♪♪♪ Alright, here we are, Comedy Bang Bang!

Comedy Bang Bang! Best of 2013.

Best of 2013, here we are.

Part three!

We're doing four of these, and Paul F. Tompkins is here with me.

That's right, I am!

And you remarked to me after the last episode we recorded that you thought we had recorded three episodes already.

Yes! I thought that we had!

Well, we've been here for 10 hours.

I've been doing this time.

And late at night.

Yes!

We are Slap-Happy!

Apparently I'm married, I would just look down, there's Ring on my finger.

We've been slapping each other as well.

And we're happy about it!

What, Slap-Happy, I guess implies that you've been slapped so many times that you're...

That you're just out of it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But I guess to me, it sounds more like you are excited to be slapping people.

That's right.

Right?

Which I am.

That's true, I guess we're all slow, a little bit slap-happy.

It cannot be denied that it's fun to slap people.

It is, I slapped Casey Wilson the other night on stage.

It was planned.

Sure.

But she had that kind of thing in rehearsals.

She was like, I don't really take to...

Like, that kind of physical thing.

Like, she was worried I was going to escalate.

You know how some people get on stage with me and Drenaline is in there and like, it escalates...

Oh, you mean assholes?

Yes!

I know exactly what you're doing.

And they escalate it and they actually like...

And I've been in that situation where I've been hit in something.

I've had.

The person in rehearsals is like, oh no, it's going to be really easy.

And then they're just straight up hitting you.

So she had that look of fear in her eyes, but I kept it controlled.

I've had people who...

That I've had to hit, who have encouraged me, like really hit me.

Yeah.

And to the point where I was like, this is a weird thing for you.

You're making me the unwitting pawn in your weird sex fantasy.

You're talking about pageant?

Oh, god!

From the thrilling adventure hour.

That's all it is.

It's people slapping each other.

Yeah, you guys...

Well, because it's a podcast, it's an audio podcast.

They got it.

Yeah.

People need, they need the noise.

That's what beyond belief is, right?

You're just slapping each other.

It's a married couple slapping each other.

They're freaks.

Listen to that podcast.

That's a great podcast.

I've been on it several times.

That's right, you have.

You'll be on it again.

Quite often.

We are, in this episode, counting down numbers six through four.

We have four, five, and six.

Delicious anticipation.

In our final episode, part four, we are going to be counting one, two, and three.

So we have four, five, and six this episode, and it is getting tight.

I mean, it's cut-throat now.

It really is.

I mean, we heard some great clips up till now.

Super great.

These have to be the best of the best.

If they're not, I'll be disgusted and appalled.

Angry and ashamed.

I'm going to catalog that.

I wish you all four of those.

I'm going to go through the five stages.

Oh, is it five?

Of countdowns.

Disgusted, appalled.

Angry, ashamed.

Except the end.

Oh.

Yeah, I would have said the end.

The end, like, right.

It's never said.

Ah, you turned into a monster.

My own face, like the guy, a vulture guy.

Okay, so let's count it down.

We have some to get to, and this...

6 through 4.

Are you excited?

This is a good one.

I'm so excited.

Can you hide it?

I'm hiding it from you right now.

Okay.

We may have talked about this on a previous episode.

I'm doing a bad job by telling you that I'm excited.

That's not good hiding.

All right, this is from your countdown, people.

This is what you voted as number six.

Number six.

All right, number six.

Paul, this is from episode 199.

Oh, so we're going way back.

We've been waiting for hundreds for a lot of these.

Mm-hmm.

You're Mr. Peabody.

That's right.

I'm peppermint caddy.

Who else is in that?

A little abner?

Probably.

Hi, Lois.

Jaime.

Travel?

Travel.

All of Dunes, Barry?

That's right.

Um, this is episode 199.

Is this ringing any bells?

This is right before episode 200.

199, are you out of your mind?

This is an episode called Gary Unmarry.

Oh boy, am I familiar with this one.

Gary Unmarry.

Now, correct me if I'm wrong, Scott.

I will.

I'd be glad to.

Well, don't be thrilled about it.

Oh boy, I cannot wait for you to be wrong.

I'm asking you as a favor.

I'm not, this is not like me asking you to slap me hard on stage.

Rubbing my hands together.

This is the first meeting of Gary Marshall and Gillian Jacobs.

I believe so.

We, I believe, I said that really weirdly.

I believe.

So I believe you're sick.

You're signing off.

Good night, America.

I believe.

It's just like Obama.

Um, no.

Earlier in the countdown, we heard what happened after this episode.

But this episode, we hear the meeting between these two.

This is, of course, Gillian Jacobs.

It's like Memento.

From community.

Right.

And our good friend, Gary Marshall.

This is their first meeting.

This is how they got together.

This is how they do it.

Um, we're going to hear just a chunk of this episode.

The whole thing that goes on, several twists and turns.

But we can hear a good chunk of this episode.

This is a really funny one.

You voted it as your number six.

So let's hear that this is Gary Unmarried, Gillian Jacobs and Gary Marshall.

Number six.

So what happened?

I want to hear from both sides here.

Who wants to start?

What?

I'll, I'll stop.

All right.

Well, as always.

As always, I like this.

She likes this stuff.

That's part of the problem.

Every time we go out to dinner with another couple, uh, you know, uh, you know, that point with the two couples sit down across from each other and somebody says, who's going to start talking?

I really draw straws.

You asked the waiter for three regular straws and one straw that's a little shorter.

Yes, but with all friends like all being the operative word.

Oh, all his friends are old.

We'd, we'd go out with Jack Jones and his wife.

I don't know.

He's people are.

He's a singe.

He's a famous singer.

Steven Edie.

Steven.

Steven Edie.

Go away.

I think we're.

Jakes.

You should have married him, Scott.

You'd get along great.

Maybe I should.

Do it.

Not in Bel Air though.

Not in Bel Air.

No gay marriage in Bel Air.

Gillian, what do you expect when you marry a man who's that much older?

Do you, I mean, he's not going to have it on friends.

Flubbing with me.

Go raves.

Sing with me.

I'm set in my ways.

What I can't, I don't.

I got you to murder your wife within knowing you for 30 minutes.

I thought at least I could convince you to, you know, go to sayers with me.

Well, this, I might as well tell you now.

I faked Bobber's death.

What?

She's not really dead.

It was a form of non-lethal curari that I ejected her with.

She is not.

She was just put to sleep.

Gillian, you are.

What is happening here?

She is in a state of suspended.

It is.

Wait, so you.

Are you telling me you Romeo and Julietted her?

Yeah, except they're just Julietted.

Fucking Christ.

So wait, so we were never even legally married.

Where are the laws on that?

In Bel-Air, yes.

I'm not entitled to any of your money is what you're telling me.

In Bel-Air, no.

You shouldn't have married me in Bel-Air.

Oh, I'm not.

The laws on that is if your first wife is in suspended animation, you cannot marry a new person.

Yeah, it's covered under.

No, well, that's the law of the land.

Okay.

But the law of Bel-Air, I'm entitled to as many wives as I do.

Okay, I didn't know that about that.

Never mind.

Then if Bigamy is allowed in Bel-Air, then I'm legally married.

No, we're divorced.

I did the ceremony when you weren't looking.

What is that ceremony?

Bel-Air, divorce ceremony.

How does that go?

It's you.

You have to go to Denzel Washington's house.

Okay, sure.

You say, hey, Denzel, get Paul Rizet again.

Hey, Denzel.

Ha-ha-ha, my man.

Oh, Denzel Washington, just walk it in.

No, that was me.

Oh, Gary.

Your regular, uh, Frank Gorshen over there.

Thank you so much.

So, uh, the Riddler.

So, sure, for them.

Once again, who the hell knows who these people are?

You learned your Hollywood history, young lady.

No, learn my history.

What is your history?

Clubbing, partying, ecstasy, staying up all night, spending a lot of money, jets, drugs.

She spends so much money on glow sticks and jets.

Is she at once?

You filled up an entire jet with glow sticks, didn't you?

And I coded the outside of the jet in glow sticks, too.

Oh, yeah.

It looked like maybe a UFO flight.

I thought he'd be into it.

I thought I could get him out of these monsters and maybe into some alien, you know, hunting.

Aliens, that's a hoax.

That's the other big wage thing is extra-terrest drills.

But the wolf man's real.

Yeah, see, I'm going to find him.

That's the other thing we haven't talked about is Gary Marshall spends a lot of his free time hunting monsters.

Yeah.

What else am I going to do?

I mean, if there were some monsters at Teddy's, then maybe I could get into it, but Jesus Christ, am I going to go to places here, are there?

They're in real place.

Teddies?

Drawing room.

What is that?

Like the brown derby?

That's not the drawing room.

Teddy.

Step on Hillhurst.

That opens at 6am.

Hey, I know a lot of people that are there at 6am.

It's the finest outfit.

I think I know a lot of the people that are there at 6am.

So back to the ceremony, you go over to Denzel's house.

I got it.

The ceremony is you must go to Denzel Washington's house.

You knock three times on the door.

Denzel appears.

He says, may I help you?

I say Denzel, can you summon Paul Riser?

I need to divorce someone.

Denzel walks across to Paul Riser's house, taking care to shield his eyes from Sylvester Stallone's house.

They all live in this radius, right?

Can I interject one second?

Yeah, sure.

She said knock three times.

I saw this on a James Bond movie the other day from Russia with Love.

He said, don't answer the door for anyone.

I'll knock three times.

Knock three times sounds like this.

How'd you know the secret knock?

Wait, that's how everyone knocks.

What do you like a baby?

What are you?

Sitch what?

What are you going to do?

You're going to come up to a door and knock once?

That's what I do.

Who just came in?

How would you hear if anyone just knocked once?

You would think it was a mistake.

People should listen more.

Another thing.

We agree on that.

Yeah, we agree that you should listen to me more.

And we agreed I wouldn't do that.

Fucking worst.

All right.

Anyway, you're on your way to Paul Riser's house.

Yes.

So then Denzel and Paul Riser, they get together and they say, whom do you wish to divorce?

If that's Denzel, one more call from Denzel.

Do you need to take that?

I do not need to take that.

I don't know my terms.

You carry an actual rotary phone.

Yeah, it's a rotary phone.

That you would get from like Sardos or wait, Sardos.

What am I thinking of?

What are you talking about?

Sardos, yeah.

What am I saying?

Sardos.

Sardos, he's fizzing the Green Lantern's foe.

So Denzel and Paul Riser say, in unison, they count down from three to one.

And then do they do three to one and then the thing?

Or do they like three knows one or what do they do?

Yeah, I think it's three knows one.

And then the thing.

And then they say, whom do you wish to divorce?

I say, oh, such fancy grammar.

They say, come on, this is serious.

This is part of the script.

This is all part of the script.

Yes.

This is an ancient ceremony.

So then I say, I got this wife.

She's a pain in my neck.

They say, I hear you.

You are now divorced from her.

You didn't even have to give him my name.

Nope.

I just got to be thinking of it.

Who's the mayor of Bel Air?

It's more of a council.

And it's a council of elders.

Yeah, it's a council.

Yeah, it's a 13.

Yeah, old.

Read old.

Yeah.

Yeah, the elders.

Yeah.

When you expect elders.

There's going to be more people my age in Bel Air.

Bel Air, you thought there would be young people.

But a naive child.

How are young people ever going to afford property there?

And Bel Air.

Do what I do.

Maria, rich old man.

Who put his wife in suspended animation.

Yeah.

That's right.

Go back to that.

I want to hear a little bit about that.

What? Oh, you find that interesting.

Where is she?

She's in an undisclosed location.

Under Disneyland?

Under Disneyland.

It's under Disneyland.

That's right.

I knew it.

In that one restaurant where they serve alcohol.

I knew it.

I wanted you to take me there.

You wouldn't take me there?

Not even a club 23.

No.

Wouldn't do it.

That's why I have to go to the drawing room at 6am.

That's why you're still awake from the clubbing.

Yes, exactly.

That's why the drawing room is the most useful bar in LA.

Is that the only suspended animation facility in the United States?

That's why I guessed it because that's where it doesn't mean it.

It's one of three.

Oh, OK.

Where are the other two in the US?

The original.

Consulental.

Yeah.

The original Chia's bar, the Bullen Finch.

Oh, OK.

Under there.

Or just inside there.

Under the bar.

I can't remember if it's above ground or not.

It might be in plain view.

OK.

That's a big thing about these secret suspended animation locations.

Is nobody can process it with their mind.

So sometimes they just stick them right out in the open.

Oh, really?

You mean if you look at it, you can't actually...

You mind will make up an excuse for what it is.

That's why the other one's on Lincoln's lap in the Lincoln Memorial.

What?

Yeah.

Lincoln's lap.

Yeah.

Just laying across his lap.

Really?

And he's stroking it, like petting it, like a cat?

No, he's still just a statue.

I know, but I mean, his hand is in that position.

No, his hands are on the chair.

His hands are on the chair.

On the arms and the chair.

OK.

But are they or are they on the thing?

Because I've...

Oh, no.

I know what I see.

How did you become so attuned to being able to see these things?

I'm one of the Illuminati.

What?

Yeah.

We are getting some major revelations here.

We already knew that.

That's news?

I think people assumed that...

Right.

Maybe you guys talked about it.

Well, on your uptake over here.

One of your dinners with Stephen Edie.

So who else is in the Illuminati?

Uh, boy, a lot of people.

There's more people than on in it.

It's a matter of fact.

In the United States?

Yeah, it seems like it's an exclusive.

It's like six...

Six people.

A billion or a million people in the United States.

No, I don't know.

Nine.

I don't know.

Neither.

Neither?

Neither.

How many?

32.

Are you going by the McDonald's hamburger sign?

I'm trying to remember because I looked it up the other day.

I hate when you make me laugh.

Yeah, if there's any consolation that sounded like a polite laugh.

I'm looking it up.

How many people in the United States?

Yeah, this is great podcasting.

Right.

You guys have sold on one second.

All right.

Two men.

There's another thing.

We talked about genocide all the time.

It was unpleasant.

I would just like to have, you know, no traffic in Los Angeles.

And if that means killing millions of people, I'm fine with it.

I was way off.

311 million.

Yeah.

That's a lot of people.

It's like six million people in Manhattan.

I knew it was three something.

I thought it was three billion or three million.

That's China.

Turned out it was three hundred and eleven million.

I don't know.

Come on.

Eleven million people are in the Illuminati.

Eleven.

Wait.

Yeah.

Wow.

But that leaves three hundred million who aren't.

Yeah, that's right.

It seems fair, right?

But I thought you said that there were more.

He said more.

It was a figure of speech.

Let's not crucify Gary Marshall.

What would happen if we did crucify you?

Well, you'd find out in three days.

Hey, either come back or I don't.

I'm just as curious as you.

But please don't crucify me.

It's like I wonder if I'm bulletproof.

Do you?

I do, but no one's ever shot me, so I have no idea.

Maybe that will be found out by the end of this episode of Comedy Bing Bong.

I wonder.

Sorry, my blood sugar is dropping.

You know, just being around him sends me to a diet-based shop.

I have a score bar.

Yeah.

It's not a score bar.

What do we need?

It's a think-thin divine.

Yeah.

Is that what a Hollywood actress has to eat?

Think-thin.

It's smart decadence like me.

Jesus.

Okay, so community coming back and you don't know what the plot is and you don't care.

What's up with the Halloween episode?

Is that that's going to be the- That's going to be one of our best of the season.

And yet it's- You're switching it over to- Is this still going to be Halloween or is it Valentine's Day?

No, we're doing Halloween Thanksgiving and Christmas and they'll be airing in March and April and May.

How come you didn't do a Valentine's Day?

You know what, get out of here.

I'm sorry.

Can I get my lawyer in here?

I don't have to sit in a room with him anymore.

You know what?

I think it's okay because when you watch a movie- Say you're watching a nice Shane Black movie, okay?

Like- Love a Shane Black movie.

Iron Man 3.

Can't wait.

Kiss Kiss Bing Bong, right?

And you're watching this movie and it's set at Christmas.

Okay, usually you're watching it what in May.

You could be watching it at any of the 360 days of- Oh, that's right.

It exists forever.

You can enjoy it anytime.

Yeah, tell me about cinema, Gary.

Tell me your thoughts on cinema.

Hey, he is a great- Mr. Marshall is- I'm sorry, I called you Mr. Marshall when you told me to call you Gary.

Please continue to call me Mr. Marshall.

All right, Mr. Marshall is a great director.

Frankie and Johnny.

That's right.

Really, you don't like Frankie and Johnny.

When a- Pretty woman?

When a bachino's greatest head man.

Young actresses love pretty women.

My mom wouldn't let me watch it.

Why is that?

Because it romanticized prostitution.

And what's wrong with that?

Nothing for men.

Could you chew right into the microphone, please?

Your divine decadence?

This is what divine decadence sounds like.

It did so much romanticized prostitution as it exalted it.

And exonerated the Johns.

That's right.

They're just guys that look for companionship.

Please, Gillian.

I would think you would relate because you married me just because I was rich.

I married you first and then I got your money.

Wait, so how much money did you end up with Gary?

I guess that's true.

Yeah, that's usually how it goes.

Why, you don't think that- Listen, when I found out that he was going over to Denzel Washington's house, I tried to grab as many valuables as I could, put them in my car and drive away.

Was it make some office equipment?

The stapler?

I got a fax machine.

Okay, good.

And I got one of his hundreds of rotary phones.

That's all I could grab.

Everything else is nailed down.

Nailed down, really?

Nailed everything down other than your fax machine and rotary phones.

What would you do?

That's true.

Well, I also know things about, thanks to being in the Illuminati, about things that are going to happen to the earth in the coming years.

Okay, and so you want your stuff nailed down in case.

I would say nail your stuff.

Tornadoes.

Take it from an Illuminati.

You'll wish there were tornadoes happening.

Oh my gosh, you should put out a PSA.

Take it from one of the Illuminati.

Nailed your stuff down.

Tie your shoes tight, kids.

No.

Yeah.

Talk to a policeman.

You ever do one of those more things, Kelly?

They don't want me for those, no.

What?

You're one of the bright, shining crown jewels of NBC.

Are they still doing them?

Yeah, they're doing.

Well, more than those.

A vet Nicole Brown from my show has done them.

They've just, they don't want me for those.

What's going on?

What's wrong with your attitude?

Listen, I'm not a rough hero.

It may be that you say listen to people, which is kind of a rude thing to do.

Okay, fine.

Maybe if you feel like it, listen to what I'm about to say.

If not, go about your day.

I don't think you don't need any kind of long.

What?

It's a little long.

Okay.

I've had a really rough year.

Okay, I, okay, listen to this.

Listen to this.

Yes, master.

Listen to this.

I marry a man.

I think I'm set for life.

Sure.

Community may or may not be ending.

No, listen to this.

You're not listening to this.

Listen to this.

I'm worried, you know, I'm worried about my future.

Okay.

I don't have as much money as I'd like.

I have very expensive needs, tastes, desires.

Divine decadence.

I have been to divine decadence.

I am divine decadence.

I marry a man.

I think is very wealthy.

He's going to be able to take care of me.

I am, by the way.

And he's going to die soon.

So that's also true.

Or is it question mark?

And he's going to come back three days later.

Maybe.

Allegedly.

Maybe.

Allegedly.

We'll see.

If I am crucified.

Power powers.

And that'll be even better.

So I'll have a rich husband with super powers.

Right.

Okay.

Not only do we get divorced.

My show gets pulled off the ear ear.

My show was going to air on an ear.

They were going to project my show.

On Mel Rushmore.

Yeah.

That's not happening anymore.

It's not on ear.

They got to buy the Alfred Hitchcock estate.

Yeah.

I get divorced.

I have no money.

No, it's not Rushmore.

Just from Earth by Northwest.

Yeah.

Just he doesn't own Mel Rushmore.

But doing stuff.

Owned to scale models.

Yes.

That's right.

Okay.

I got nothing now.

My show's coming back.

Yes.

Very happy about that.

Excited.

All of a sudden you'll get the paychecks from that.

By the way, a lot of people don't know.

You don't get paid until your show actually airs.

So you've had no money for almost a year now.

Also, I should tell you now on the belly of law, I'll be garnishing your wages.

See?

Who knew?

Do you have a lien on her car as well?

I let that go.

Oh, that's nice.

Yeah.

It was too shitty.

He didn't want it.

That's true.

I don't know what to tell you, Scott.

I'm in a bad place.

You're in a bad place.

Yeah.

I was flying high the last time I saw you.

Everything's gone to shit now.

Well, here's what I suggest.

I think that we should have some sort of a contest to be your next husband here on the show.

That's a great idea.

People love to get involved.

It's interactive.

Yeah.

I think that we could put up some sort of a thread on the comedy Bing-Bong message boards where basically people sort of woo you.

Yeah.

And give a resume.

Could they provide bank statements that I mean?

Yes, absolutely.

I don't need a good idea.

Let me ask you this.

Is there any possibility people would react to this in a creepy way?

I don't think so.

I don't see how that would happen.

I don't even know why I said that.

Okay, good.

Probably not.

What is it you like in a man?

Right.

Other than money.

What are you?

I like a man.

Wealthitude.

Yeah.

I love a terminal illness.

Okay.

I die for a terminal illness.

Okay.

Um, creeping senility.

I also enjoy if he's not going to die.

But they have to have fresh.

They have to have young friends though according to you.

Just be open to going to clubs.

Why can't you go do your clubbing by yourself?

Why do you need to drag poor Mr. Marshall?

I get really drunk and I don't want to get a DUI.

So I need someone to drive me home.

Get a driver.

Uh, I had a young friend she didn't enjoy.

What's the oh who's this?

Thomas Gibson.

Away from Dharma and Greg.

From mom and Greg.

In criminal minds.

In criminal minds more importantly.

He's a fun guy.

Yeah, he keeps me young.

He is kind of young.

What is he maybe about 45 at this point?

Yeah, close to 50.

Close to 50.

Yeah.

I mean that's not bad.

That's a step in the right direction.

He was nice.

You seem kind of in like you softened a bit when you got out of time.

Remember that time?

He asked you if you like baseball.

He's got two shows in syndication.

Yeah.

It's true.

Yeah.

He was nice.

He's older than you.

Sinner than you.

True.

He's not sick as far as I know.

No.

He seems fit as a fiddle.

He could get sick.

Could get sick.

What would you think if Gillian here started dating Thomas Gibson?

Are you more of a bros before hoes kind of guy?

Would that affect your relationship with Giddy?

I don't know what those words mean.

Uh, I would say uh, Tommy is a good guy.

Uh, his life is his own.

I'm not going to stand in the way of two people who are potentially happy together.

I probably would say, uh, hey, don't let her talk you into murdering anyone.

Who would I need to murder with him?

He's not married.

I think he's single.

Yeah.

That would be that would be a smooth transition.

He's got an ex-wife.

I don't know if that matters to you.

Alimony.

Uh, no, see, that's what I liked about murdering your wife is no divorce.

No, no, no, no.

You didn't have to split up your estate.

You don't get half of the half.

Yeah.

You get half of the of the pot.

How, what do you get for like, Darmon and Greg like syndication checks at this point?

What do you think he's getting a money?

What are you getting for those?

Darmon, Greg.

I do it because of ABC.

Yeah.

I made a deal with them.

Very smart back in the day when they said, uh, hey, you got to make your show, uh, multi-camera show instead of a single camera show.

I said, okay, I just need in return for that a cut of every future sitcom you ever produced.

Right.

So, uh, out of Tommy's check, this is how we became friends by the way.

He's, he confronted me and said, who are you to take my money?

I said, I wanted the Bellaire Illuminati.

Right.

So he shut his mouth.

Um, I get, I get a roughly a quarter of every check that he makes.

A quarter of every check he makes.

Yeah.

Interesting.

Twenty five cents.

I still think that I got to kill you.

I mean, really for me.

Hey, you're welcome to try.

Why would you kill him?

Because that works.

Yeah, but if I marry Thomas Gibson, I don't want to be giving a quarter of his checks to my ex-husband.

Goals, you, doesn't it?

Everything I got, you goals me.

Don't marry anybody from the ABC, uh, TGIF family.

Those are my favorite shows.

Oh, that's a very, very, very joke.

Don't don't marry.

Let's, let's list them now.

Family ties.

Family.

Damn.

Hey, man.

That's a family of NBC.

Oh, oh, oh.

Thursday night, NBC.

In your old time slot, your new time slot.

Family matters.

That's what we're saying.

We got family.

That's right.

I get a quarter from everybody.

Our full house.

Full house.

That's right.

That's about, that's all I can think of.

Step by step.

There, sure.

Yep.

What about, do you get, do you get stuff from new shows?

Like don't trust the B in apartment 23.

I still don't know what that B stands for.

Uh, I think it's actual B.

Wait, no, no, no.

Please don't curse on this show.

Bitch.

Oh, I don't like the way you looked at me up from under when you said that word.

I'll use it in a sentence.

It was chilling.

You, bitch.

Wait, how about a, how about a sentence you can't say?

How about a sentence like don't trust the bitch in apartment 23?

No, I like just you, bitch.

So you get some of that though?

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

Great.

How about happy endings?

Get some of that?

That's right.

All right.

Pretty much any of you.

Hey, by the way, did you have a consent to appearing on that show?

I remember Casey Wilson has to.

Yeah, if I would be on that show.

If you'd be interested.

Has not happened yet.

As of yet, but we will see.

It's nice.

It's nice that the writers were speculating.

That you might be willing to appear on a television show.

And have not got got that call.

Do you know this guy named Paul of Tomkins?

I do.

Who's that?

He's a pretty good comedian.

Yeah, pretty good.

He was on community.

Yeah.

That's right.

I remember that in a bar, right?

Yeah.

How did he do?

Was he asked back?

No.

How much control do you have over that?

100%.

100.

Hi, interesting.

Why don't you make your own money?

I don't want to.

It's hard.

Bestments your well paid hard.

I'm very tired.

OK, I just want to sit back.

Listen to this.

It's true.

She does.

At least.

She does.

No way.

She's not telling me to listen to things.

Listen to her.

I don't listen to anything you have to say without you commanding me to.

Listen.

I used to talk once.

I know we've had differences, but if you want him to listen to you, I will prompt him to listen to you.

I think he'll respect it more.

OK, I probably will.

So hear me.

Hear me.

I'm tired.

Scott, listen to this.

Oh, yes.

Yes, sir, Mr. Marshall.

What the?

You guys are sexist.

That's what this is about.

You won't listen to me because I'm a woman.

That's why I have to say listen to this.

Look, I grew up in a different time.

So that's my excuse.

This guy is just a jerk.

He should know better.

Rosa Parks and so forth.

Mr. Marshall, I did want to ask about Barbara.

She was in.

Oh, thank you.

Gary, what happened with Barbara?

She's still in Stasis or is she still in Stasis?

Laying?

Why then you went frozen or no that we're divorced?

It's nice to have the quiet around the house sometimes.

I got the house to myself.

I can watch all my sporting events.

At what point do you think you'll wake her up?

I think what I miss her.

I think I think.

When you miss her.

Well, what I really miss her.

You know what I mean when I feel like, all right, enough of the boys' night out.

It's time to have a little Barbara back with me.

Boys' night out.

You know, all boys' night out.

There's my friend.

So Washington and Euchar.

Euchar.

That's right.

Sweet, Dental and Bob Euchar.

Bob Euchar is very rich.

He was grandfathered in during those tastes great, less filling.

That's right.

And then of course, Mr. Belvedere, I earn a quarter of every check that he gets for that.

Yep, of course.

Oh boy.

Well, you guys, I wish that you weren't going to go to sleep angry tonight with each other.

But he's not mad.

Look at him.

He's happy he's a pig and shit.

I'm the one who's awesome.

This is how I am.

That's right.

On the street.

I'm going around pawn shop to pawn shop with a rotary phone and a fax machine.

That's what I've got.

What is your situation?

Where do you live?

In my car.

That's right.

She's the only working sitcom actress living in a car.

Wow.

What did you spend your money on?

Listen, my wedding dress was very expensive and he wouldn't pay for it.

And I really felt like I had to look great on that day.

I thought it was every girl's dream to buy her own expensive wedding dress.

That's true.

What was it like?

It had diamonds.

It had a lot of glow sticks sewn into it.

Very expensive.

A couple Swarovski crystals.

Some shot glasses that I stapled to the back.

I was like a shot dinosaur, you know?

Yeah, a shot dinosaur.

Yeah, we don't know what they do.

Do you have to explain it?

Come on, stop.

I shot a sore.

It was a fun party.

I mean, people were just, you know.

Hey, it was all right.

Drinking shots off the back of my dress.

Went on too long if you ask me.

Sorry.

20 minutes.

We're at the till 9 p.m.

Well, I got to be up in three hours to start my day.

I feel bad.

It wakes up at midnight.

Wake up at midnight.

Greet the day.

Ask him what he does from midnight to 5 a.m.

Ask me.

Okay.

What's in it?

It is.

Mr. Marshall, what's going on from midnight to five?

I continue to write scripts full of urn and Shirley.

Why?

I'm interested in seeing these characters is still alive.

They're still living with you.

Yeah.

And yet you don't talk to Penny, which is the real life of urn.

You can find out for yourself.

You know, Scott, I guess in a way, I write these scripts as a way of talking to Penny.

Oh my gosh.

Yes.

Can I please kill him?

Please.

Sorry.

We're getting to the good stuff here.

We're getting to the good stuff.

This one always making that noise and saying gag me with a spoon.

It's like you married moon zappers.

Ooh.

Okay. So.

Valley girl.

Have you ever thought that maybe your problems with women are a result of the relationship with your sister, Pat?

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, You know what?

I haven't.

But it sounds, uh, it sounds like you're right.

Okay.

Well, there you go.

So maybe that's the first step in order to, uh...

I'll call Penny tonight.

How much money does Penny have just to go back to?

Oh, she's filthy rich.

All right.

Yeah, that League of her own.

Their own, her own League of his own money.

There.

There was more than one woman.

It was their League.

Yeah.

You're exasperated with everyone.

I don't know how anyone can stand you.

How would you feel if you were living out of your car and your only worldly possessions were a fax machine and a rotary phone?

It wouldn't come to that with me because I'm nice to people.

Oh, it's so lucky.

I'm Ska-na-kamen.

I'm having a pile of money.

You don't, first of all, congratulations on living in that pile of money.

Thank you so much.

Everybody's talking about it behind the gates.

Yeah, I know.

I hope to make it there.

Secondly, you never know what's going to happen.

It's easy to say, oh, that wouldn't be me living in a car.

With a fax machine and a rotary phone.

Never say that you know what's going to happen.

You bet it all on a diamond mine.

Next thing you know.

Wow.

All right.

Well, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

Just, you know.

I had hoped that this might be the first comedy Bing-Bong marriage.

You know, people who met on the show.

That's right.

There's UCB babies, people who meet at UCB and do improv together.

They have babies.

Oh, I thought UCB babies were, it was like a condition where babies are born addicted to pot.

It's also a cartoon in the works with a tiny Matt Besser and a tiny Amy Poehler.

And you just see the mother's shoes and legs.

But yeah, it hopes that maybe- The mother is played by Viola Spolin.

That's a deep cut.

Yep.

I had hoped that you guys would be the first, you know, comedy Bing-Bong marriage that lasted, you know.

I mean, the bachelor has Trista and Ryan.

It's true.

They're still together.

He's crying.

He's literally weeping.

What's wrong?

What's going on, Gelly?

What's the matter, honey?

I can't do it.

What's the matter, honey?

I can't do it.

I'm going to wake up.

What's happening here?

Carrie, I made a huge mistake.

Would you have me back?

Listen, the best I can do, because my wife is coming back any week now.

The best I can do- The best I can do is you can stay in the guesthouse.

Really?

Yeah.

You don't have me in the guesthouse?

Now the guesthouse you should know, it's a modified car.

Okay.

The bum blocks.

It's behind Hollywood YMCA.

Oh, that's so better than what I got it now.

It's got a toilet in it.

Oh, all right.

A hollowed-out car with a toilet in the rumble seat?

The rumble seat, that's right.

Goodness.

Yes, an old packer.

That's where the real rumbles are coming.

All right.

Carrie didn't like that one.

My grandkids sure like this.

They love it.

Your grandkids love me.

They do.

You're not so much.

You know, they talk about your- Ah, you're a good kid.

Come on.

Hey, look, I got- Thanks so much, Mr.

I was a young, please call me Gary.

I was a young guy once and it was fun to, you know, say things you weren't supposed to say.

Back when you were with the outsiders with the- That's right.

We used to go around stabbing each other.

Yeah, you know.

The Essie Hinton rumblefish years.

Yeah.

You know?

Boy.

The woman author.

Yeah, the woman author.

We know that's a woman author.

Of course it is.

Yeah.

I don't even know why I said that.

Why wouldn't we know she's a woman author?

Because you two friends don't think that women can write books.

Sorry.

Have you ever written a book?

Yeah.

What's your book?

How to get by?

Four wise?

Well, look for that on audible.com.

Who narrates that one for the audible- Gilbellos.

Gilbellos.

Number six.

Oh boy.

Those two.

Something about them when they get together.

It was murder.

More old references.

Older, older, older, older, older.

Kids.

People are shouting.

That was about heart.

That was a reference to heart to heart, which was a TV show about two wealthy people.

Yep.

Who solved crimes in their first time.

They were married.

Yeah, they were married couple.

Name the hearts.

Yeah.

Jonathan and Valerie Hart.

Yeah, there was a guy Robert Wagner, right?

Yeah, Robert Wagner.

Do we say stuff like Max?

Is that your tie or did you throw up on your shirt?

He was rude.

He was just a servant.

He was just a rude guy.

Rude to servants.

Yeah.

And their, you know, servant was this guy Max, who was a senior- Servant or just a friend who like hung out with him.

No, he was like their butler or something.

Oh my.

He like drove them and stuff.

Man, I'm a wizard.

He was so old, but he was their loyal man servant.

What is, what's the difference between an employee and a servant?

Is it they live with you?

I think so, yeah.

I think, well, I think an employee is not doing things for you, personally.

Okay.

They have a job that they fulfill.

A task.

But a servant just like- Does anything- Is literally serving you.

Oh man, I want one so bad.

Oh, of course, I do too, Scott.

I look at, I look at that doubt, Nabi, and I'm like, that's the way to do it, brother town.

That's, I gotta, I gotta do it.

I gotta live that way.

To have like 20 people living down in your basement.

They're afraid of you.

And they think you're a god.

You, like somebody else speaks up and like, they gossip about you, and then there's like, the head dude is like, you watch your mouth.

That man is rich.

I think- I think you'd be a good head dude.

No, I want to be the- Nah, you're gonna be the head dude down below.

You're- It'll be great.

You're at the top of that food chain.

Yeah, I know, but- Meanwhile, I'm in the bottom of the food chain up top.

I wanted to be the- What?

You're upstairs?

Yeah, I'm upstairs.

Who are you up there?

I'm like the, I'm the stable boy who married the chauffeur, who married the, you know, like I used to be the bottom too, with you.

Right.

But then I married someone.

How do you, how do we treat each other when you come down stairs?

Well, you have to afford me the respect I deserve.

I'm part of the family.

But look, speaking of married, that was episode- Number six in your countdown Gary unmarried.

And before we go to a break, we have time for a little- B-b-b-b-b-b-bonus!

B-b-b-b-b-bonus!

Quit.

Oh, I said this.

It's okay.

Oof!

I'm a little thrown by your buzzing phone on the table.

I'm sorry, my wife did not know- It's recording multiple episodes.

Right.

It's like a nightlight.

Firelight!

I'm sorry.

It's very late at night.

But we're doing it.

We're going to plow through until the end.

And we're doing it.

We are doing it.

All right.

This is- We're in touch with each other.

Your wife didn't know about that either.

That's why she's texting me.

This is a tea party, key party.

Okay.

This is a great bonus clip.

This is probably one of the hardest times I've ever laughed.

On this show.

Wow!

And this is from episode 230, which came out right before season two of the comedy Bing-Bong TV show.

And I had my good friend Reggie Watts on the show.

And I had Neil Campbell, who is our head writer.

Neil Campbell.

Campbell?

Yes.

Camptown Bells.

And we decided to have a freestyle rap contest.

And we all knew Reggie would do really, really well.

Of course.

This is his thing.

It's what he makes up songs all the time.

It's what he does for a living.

None of us knew about Neil's skills in this area.

Was this the first instance of Neil's legendary rap prowess?

Yes.

This is pretty amazing.

And I was crying laughing off Mike.

Maybe you can hear me during part of it.

But this is the freestyle rap contest from episode 230 here on our bonus clips.

Boohooohooohooohoo!

Boohooohooohooohooohoooh!

Clip.

Well, guys, we all know what time it is in the show.

I do.

Oh, yeah.

Tell us.

It is time to get down and feel good.

That is right, because it's time for the freestyle rap battle.

Oh, my gosh.

Who do you think will win?

I wonder.

Oh, we have two terrible white rappers.

When I say terrible white rappers, we're not white rappers.

I mean, we're terrible at both rapping and being white.

Yeah.

And you have Reggie Watts, who does this for a living.

Well, I'm, yeah.

Kind of.

Cody, we need engineer Cody's here with us.

We need a subject.

God damn one word.

Oh, you need to think of his one word.

And he gave me a look of fear and then he shrugged.

Come on, one word out of anything.

Back him.

Back him cleaners.

Yeah.

Vacuum cleaners.

All right, Neil.

Oh, no.

Here we go.

Vacuum cleaners.

New Campbell.

When I'm sucking up dirt in my room, I have a vacuum cleaner and not a room.

I need to get clean because my girl's coming over.

I don't want her to see all the shit on the floor.

All the things that will make her realize girls aren't my thing.

I got to get down.

I got to get rid of stuff and get out of town.

When I'm cleaning with my vacuum, I got a girl coming over.

She don't know I'm gay.

I just play it that way.

She will never know I ain't straight.

I was here last night with my mate.

And we did mate.

Suck it up.

Yeah.

Suck it up.

Suck it up like a vacuum cleaner.

Suck it up like a cleaner.

Well, I was sitting in my room watching Darkwing duck.

Then I grabbed the vacuum cleaner.

What did I do?

Suck.

Suck it up the dirt.

Don't hurt.

Cause whoa, why did this music get so loud?

Music got loud from the cloud.

Yeah.

I store my music in the cloud because I don't like to have CDs.

Nuts.

I like data.

Cause I'm a player who likes the data.

I keep all my songs in my cloud play.

Yeah.

I suck up the cloud.

What if you could use a vacuum on songs?

Boy, that would be really cool.

You'd have a ton of songs in your vacuum cleaner.

And then you'd empty the bag.

And throw out all your songs.

See the bag.

Throw out all the songs.

Reggie Watts.

Yo, I'm a kind of guy who likes to keep clean.

But no one ever knows cause I try to not be seen.

I always got my packing cleaner on the clean clean.

Everyone sees me pull it out of my trunk.

I take it out of trunks and I bring it in the houses.

Vacuum all the trums and all the little mouses.

I'll do it just for free cause I love to vacuum.

Everybody knows I like to become a vacuum.

Thank you very much, Mr. Mr. Vacuum.

I think I'm gonna try an orick today.

Or maybe I'll try a dice in today.

Or maybe I'll try another off brand thing.

But I gotta know dirt that was up in my bitch.

Cause I never knew this thing is what you're flipping my flitch.

And if you're my town family, if you're flipping my clitch, you gotta do it everything cause the vacuum is right.

Yo.

You've got a handle and a stem.

And it's got this thing that has a rotating brush that keeps lots of things out of its way.

But it specifically grabs an engineer to get everything on your floor.

Except for the things that you hold dear.

Like gold rings and necklaces and earrings.

They definitely won't suck that stuff up.

Cause it's got an intelligent system that can kind of filter out the types of things that you prefer in its preference.

Through an application you download to your phone.

And that's how vacuums works.

How they always worked all the way from the 50s.

Applications ruled the content of the vacuum cleaners.

And people knew that shit.

Yo.

Which hazel, whatever.

You gotta use that shit as you can't be wished is not enough.

So you gotta stick to the plan.

Because the Sams, the two Sams, I couldn't tell the difference.

But all I knew is one thing that kept them both together.

It was the flume, the plume, the gloom.

Yo.

It was that my fucking vacuum.

Yay!

Yeah.

Let's hear from needle again.

All right.

Here we go.

I use my back, gume, to suck up coins.

I use my mouth to suck up groins.

Man, I'm in.

If I get rid of the dirt.

You know I get rid of my shirt.

And then I'm getting real dirty.

And I speak because I'm getting real flirty.

With all the boys at the pool.

I go to every day after school.

I'm not in school.

I'm 33.

But I like the boys who watch younger than me.

So after they get out of school.

I head on down into the pool.

And I see them with just their trunks on.

And I say, Damn, that's one long shlong.

I want in the locker room.

So you can do the nasty boom.

Up my butt and in my face.

I will do it.

No disgrace.

I like you.

You sweat.

And I like feeling your wet.

Little mouth of mud.

So much younger, but you look so fine.

Man, that when I take your home.

And your mom doesn't know where you are.

No, no.

She was trying to pick you up.

But you're at my house and I'm making you up.

Up, up it goes.

You make it.

Learn to grow.

Then I think you had to do the same to your own body.

Oh.

My name.

You're going to keep saying my name.

My name is Neila Dude.

That's my name.

Say it real loud.

Don't be ashamed.

That's amazing.

Wow.

That's really amazing.

That's the best.

Oh no no.

We're done.

That's not just started over.

That was the best.

Who's the winner?

That was the best.

I can tell.

I think Neila's in for sure.

You'll rhyme a lot.

I have to say.

He did.

He rhymed the most.

I'm going to word this to Neil.

Yeah, it's going to go.

That's going to go.

I'm going to kill myself now.

BONUS!

Clip.

Yeah, amazing.

Good stuff, huh?

Good.

Good stuff.

Wild and weird.

Weird.

Come over.

Sit on the couch.

I play tennis.

I can't do it.

Well, you're not known for your impressions.

That's true.

Yeah, yeah.

You know what?

I'm going to go easier myself.

Yeah.

All right.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we will have number five on your countdown.

And let me just tell you, this was the closest one yet.

Fuck.

All right.

Well, come on back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We are back here with the countdown and Paul.

Scott, I teased it before the break.

I know.

I can't get over that tease.

Oh my gosh.

This was the closest in our votes.

The closest to...

Meaning...

I realize I don't know what that means.

Well, meaning two episodes were mere votes separating them.

So five and four?

No.

The previous one, six and five.

Okay.

Previous one, Gary Unmarried.

So this one just barely edged out, Gary Un married.

Barely edged out.

And it was...

They kept flip-flopping the entire time the vote was live.

One would be at six and one would be at five.

And vice versa, they would flip-flop.

Finally, when I closed the voting this afternoon, let me just tell you that Gary Unmarried had 2,554 votes.

Wow.

And this episode had 2,556 votes.

Wow.

Two votes separated them.

That is some crazy 2,000 year old man shit.

So this is, of course, number five on your countdown.

Number five.

All right.

Number five.

This is from episode 219.

All right.

And this is an episode...

Please choose your words carefully.

The previous installments of this episode have been on our best of countdown the previous two years.

And the first installment of it was number one in our countdown two years ago.

And then number...

The second installment in our countdown last year, I think, slipped to three maybe.

And now they've slipped to five, almost six.

But this is an episode called Farts in Procreation 3.

Farts and Procreation 3.

Now a lot of people said it couldn't be done twice.

Then they said it shouldn't be done thrice.

After they heard it.

That's right.

Yes.

But you said no, we're doing this.

We're doing it.

No one wanted to do it.

Earlier, I believe a day ago, Chelsea Peretti, who was in this episode, tweeted to Harris Whittles, who was also in this episode, Hey, did you vote yet and gave him the link?

And Harris said, I don't think people should vote for it.

Oh!

Harris!

Was he not pleased with his performance in the show?

No, we had a good time.

I mean, if you listen to this episode, it's a really good time.

We're just having fun.

We're just goofing around.

Just having fun?

Heavy bit saturation.

Adam Scott from Parks and Recreation is also on this episode.

And we tape them late at night.

We don't plan anything.

And they're really crazy.

Were they all tape late at night?

They all were.

Was the first one tape late at night?

And then after that, you were like, let's tape.

Yes.

We said we have to recreate the exact experience each time.

How late at night are we talking?

We're talking about as late as this, because we're doing it late at night here.

It's 1 a.m. right now.

Usually Adam will get off of the set around 8.30 or so, and then we'll come over here and we'll do it like, you know, 9.9.30 somewhere around there.

It was like, I heard that it's because Rob Lowe turns into a weird creature past a certain hour.

Yeah.

Well, yeah, 8.15.

Right.

So they everyone has to be gone, because they have to chain them up.

They have to chain them up.

On the sound stage.

Or else Rob Lowe smash.

That's, yeah.

And everyone has to evacuate the building.

Yes.

And their bowels.

But to get out of there faster.

In fear.

Yeah.

As well.

So this is Farts and Procreation 3.

Look, we're just having fun here.

People, I will say these are divisive episodes.

Just disclaimer.

These are very divisive episodes.

People after this came out said, guys knock it off.

And just as many people say, you know what?

They're having fun.

This is fun stuff.

And we have great chemistry together.

Are there any people that say this should be the show all the time?

No.

Well, none of the participants either.

Of course not.

It's like lightning in a bottle.

You try to recapture it.

Sometimes you can.

I think they're all really funny, but I do think that each has been less funny than the previous ones.

But at the same time, this is good stuff.

You know, and we're all having fun.

We're going to try to do another one in 2014.

And maybe that one will stink.

I don't know.

But it's exclusive.

But I have to say, when we get together, we have fun.

And that's what people are listening to.

Hey, you know what?

If you don't like it, seek to talk to the bursar for a full refund.

That's right.

So we're going to hear a good chunk of this.

And you're going to hear a couple of things.

You're going to hear just the beginning when we're just warming up.

And then we're going to go to a section towards the end, where typically Adam and Harris debut new characters.

And so we're going to hear some of their new characters.

This is your episode number five on the countdown.

This is Farts in Procreation 3.

Number five.

Can I ask something?

If Ebert zombified and came back to life, wouldn't it be funny if two thumbs came through the dirt?

Is that full corner?

I guess.

Yeah.

Make it to the phone.

Yeah.

You heard the theme, I guess?

By the way, I need to introduce you.

But let's get to the theme of three.

It's just to be one thumb, though.

And then school.

This school should be the one.

Do you think they're buried next to each other?

Come on.

I know that they're buried next to each other.

Corner.

What?

No.

Come on.

This is the theme song that Harris is on the corner.

It's a phone corner.

Say it again.

Well, it'd be funny if Ebert, if he zombified, and then instead of his hand coming up through the dirt, two thumbs came up through the dirt.

Yes, it would.

What if, um, and like if...

Who's a dead guy with a dick?

All of them?

What?

Other than guys that were killed by getting their dick taken off.

Yeah, so...

Wait, that monkey did tear off someone's dick, and the guy died from it.

So you're not talking about him.

Not that guy.

Process of elimination.

We have everyone else left.

Okay, so we probably have any of those guys.

Like their dick.

Wait, what?

The trick.

Any one else?

What?

Any human male who is dead.

So you would be funny.

You'd be funny.

You'd like to see a zombie dick come up through a grave.

Yeah.

Sure.

What about like a porn star that was famous for his dick?

Exactly.

I guess that is more appropriate.

Yeah, what's his face?

Yeah, like John Holmes.

That guy with a dick.

No, not...

John Holmes?

No.

John Holmes.

Clark Gable?

Who do you think you have?

The guy who's known for his big dick.

But he has to be dead.

Oh, but he will be...

No, you're talking...

So like Ron Jeremy or something?

Yeah, you're talking about Ron Jeremy.

You think he's gonna die soon?

I hope so.

What?

He's a human being.

Well, this is a comedy dick.

Oh, that's true.

That's true.

Say it was me.

Joke Claws.

Let me explain who you guys are.

Unless Adam, you want to say something.

I just wanted to say, has it really been 10 mods since we got together?

No, 10 months that you got to put an N in there.

How many mods has it been?

A thousand.

I don't get it.

I saw...

Are we allowed to say that?

I saw a moth last night at my house.

Really?

Man, it feels like it's been like 20 mods.

Since you saw that moth?

Well, now it's been like three mods since I saw that one.

I don't want to be a conscientious objector to that joke.

Kill me or I'll never tell you that.

What would you do if I did try to kill you?

Like, you were at your house, you heard a noise, you realized I was in your house, and I was looking at you and I'm like, it's not a joke, man.

Oh, is that...

If this happened, I just put myself in that situation, and I feel like I made the connection very immediately of, oh, she's obsessed with me.

That's crazy.

Yeah, because I put myself in that situation and went, oh, Chelsea's obsessed with me.

Oh, no, shit, I got to get out of the house.

But wouldn't you just be like, Chels, are you all right?

And then you look at me and I'm like, dead ass, seriously.

I'm clearly not all right, and I'm holding a knife and a gun.

Oh, both?

Yeah. I think at first I would think that Koolop had let you in, and she was like in the bathroom.

But you see her dead on the floor?

Oh, God.

From the knife or the gun?

Both.

Wait, why...

Why stab then, or what order?

Are you stabbing them shooting or...

Are you asking what I would do if that happened?

I've never seen anyone think anything is so funny.

As this.

Why is this so funny to you?

Because it's going to happen.

Wait, did it happen already?

Have you killed Koolop?

This is her break.

This is her mental break.

Oh, my gosh.

This is the decision happening right now.

I just think it's like really funny to ask them what if you like violently killed their wife, and then we're going to kill them.

Like, that just seems funny.

Oh, that's what you're laughing at.

Oh, I get it now.

That thing we heard you'd say.

Oh, that's all right.

You're right.

That is funny.

Please don't do it.

May I request that?

Do you ever think Chelsea that you might snap?

No.

Okay, so...

So, we just want to...

We have these new characters.

New show.

Okay, great.

So, how do you get into them?

The traditional way?

Classic.

Creek Slam Six situation?

Look, it's pretty basic.

I mean, it's not like we have a whole process we go through.

We're just like, boom, we can just jump in.

It just depends on you and your time, and when you want to...

I have like two minutes.

Okay.

Oh, okay.

We're really running the Amity version.

I got...

I have probably another half an hour to listen to this.

Great.

Okay, great.

It's just like a relaxed sort of thing, you know.

You want us to relax?

Is that what you're saying?

We...

You're required to relax.

But we have a very specific...

I'm a little wound up.

I think that we do, so we would appreciate it if you just like...

Do you want me to sit back in my chairs?

Yeah, if you could sit back and just relax and shut the fuck up.

All right.

I'm way back here.

You're not shutting the fuck up, though.

Creek Slam Sit.

Starting out great so far, I love it.

You okay?

Yeah, that cough is really...

It's still bothering me.

You gotta get that thing checked out.

I know, you keep telling me that, but I'm not gonna go check it out.

You know me, I hate doctors.

I know, but you know, you got kids.

It's not just about you.

Yeah, thanks.

When's the bus coming?

Well, it does...

It's not real.

Seems like it's a minute late.

All right.

I'll sit another minute just to see if it comes.

This bus ain't never gonna come.

You know that driver, oh, Boris.

Hey, what's your name?

I'm sorry.

Wait, Chelsea's in this dude?

Cosleida.

Yeah.

Cosleida...

Andrew's.

Cosleida Andrew's nice to meet you.

We're just waiting for the bus.

Yeah.

Can you cosleve us alone?

Fine, fuck you.

The pinchers running high, the bus stop.

We're on the bus, bitch.

It's quite a mouth on that little honey, huh?

Why are you being so mean?

Really aggressive.

To be fair, you're the person who asked to be cosleft alone.

Yeah, that hurt my feelings.

Oh, we're talking here.

Cosleida's got...

He came over yelling shit at us.

I'm just waiting on the bus waiting.

My friend is sick.

I'm sick too.

Are you waiting for the bus too, honey?

Yeah.

What the fuck else would I be doing out here, you dumb mother fucker?

Just kidding, how are you?

That's a good point.

I'm not sure where your center is.

I'm not sure how to react to you.

Can we get this?

There's almost woman out of the theater.

Is this an interactive show?

No, it's scripted.

Cosleida is scripted.

Yeah, it's always this.

Yeah, what I'm doing right now.

I know that because I'm reading for a script right now.

All right, all right.

Regroup.

Regroup, recreek, reslam.

How's...

Wendell?

You always bring up Wendell.

Well, you never tell me.

Do you think that's going to change today?

No, it's not.

The chances of that are as good as you seeing a doctor, huh?

Just one day.

Excuse me.

Hey, I may be narrating this, but I can make jokes.

Excuse me, what's your name?

My name, my name is Ping Pong.

Ping Pong, yes.

It's great to meet you, Ping Pong.

Ping Pong, Jones.

Well, Jones.

Dr. Jones.

Yes, I'm a doctor.

Why do you say it like that, though?

How old am I supposed to say it?

Well, like Dr. Jones.

That's right.

Are you... you're a doctor?

Yes, your last name's Jones.

So shut the fuck up.

Hey!

Sorry.

I just want to be cosleft alone over here.

Don't treat me like that.

So anyway, that was Wendell.

Listen.

I'm not going to tell you how Wendell is.

Every day we fucking come here.

And I ask how Wendell is, and you don't tell me how he is.

And he's...

He's my...

...two.

You're what?

He's my...

...two.

Listen, you want to find out how Wendell is.

You're going to have to wait for the bus to come, because as you know, he's the bus driver.

Well, don't look like Wendell's coming today.

But he never comes, does he?

You know what I would love if we...

just while we're waiting did our characters.

That'd be great.

Let's do it.

What?

You guys have characters?

Creek.

Slong.

Sart.

Parallel universe.

Hi.

Oh, hey.

How's it going?

Pretty good.

Oh.

Oh, hi.

Hey!

Ping pong Jones.

Dr. Ping pong Jones.

How are you?

Ah, I'm great.

Oh, this guy is so much nicer than the other guy.

Yeah, my name is Jason Forges.

Forges.

My name is Clark Griswold.

You don't say.

My name is Sherry.

Oh, Terry.

Wait, so, Cosleida slipped into character as well.

Oh, I don't know.

I don't know who this person is, but I'm very happy to meet you.

Now, if you don't mind, I'm going to get back to canning this gravy.

Should we put on the rubber gloves to finish the canning process?

Absolutely.

Why is there a woman that you've never met before in this cannery?

I just assumed she was the boss's daughter or something.

Yeah, or a health inspector or something like that.

Wait, are you either of those things?

The boss's daughter or a health inspector?

You wish.

All right, wait, are you the famous Sherry, oh, Terry?

Yeah, right.

Miss, if you'd like to participate in...

I would.

...maybe you should speak into the microphone.

Fine.

Here you go.

How you like that?

A little silly belly.

Well, I like it a lot more because I can hear you.

I'm a doctor.

I'm a nurse.

Oh, we got to stop.

I think the bus is here.

Okay, let's...

Not just...

That was just a guy on a skateboard.

Oh, well, what I'm fine with anything...

I love about California is you can skate in the afternoons.

Then you can like take an eight-hour drive, depending on where you're skating.

Oh, look, the bus is here.

The bus is here.

Nah, no.

Just...

Got boogie boarding.

Just the...

You're boarding down the street.

So we work at the cannery.

Oh, back in.

Back in the cannery.

Cool.

Well, what do you guys do with the cannery?

What was your name?

Clark?

Clark.

You actually can the gravy.

I can the gravy.

And what was your name again?

Jason Vorges.

Yeah, okay.

I'm pleased to meet you.

I'm pleased to meet you as well.

Thank you.

What do you do here in the cannery?

Well, maybe...

Maybe you can just ask.

Clark Griswold and I are in charge of the actual...

Okay.

What happens is you have a can, and this is a canned gravy factory.

Sure.

We're in Dubuque, Nebraska.

Okay.

Just to give you a sense of where we are.

I mean, I know where we are, obviously, because I traveled here.

Yeah, just shut up for a second.

And the can stops in the conveyor belt.

Clark fills it with gravy, and then I seal the top of it.

But what you're forgetting is that sometimes there's what we call drippage.

And you need to take a towel.

And you gotta wipe away the drippage.

Whose responsibility is that?

Your mom.

That actually is your mom's responsibility.

My mom?

Yeah.

And we've been waiting on her for half an hour.

We have a lot of dirty cans of gravy.

I mean, that is why I'm here at the factory to tell you that she is no longer with us.

Oh!

The company.

She's no longer with the company.

Oh!

Okay.

Well, people still got to get their gravy, so...

So what are you just going to hand out drippy cans of gravy?

No.

Are you guys going to come up with a solution?

We need someone to take care of the drippage.

Might I suggest because this is a woman's job.

Yeah.

Shary-o-tary.

Someone right over here who could maybe towel off this drippage.

Do you have any experience tolling off some drippage?

Yeah.

The hell does that mean?

No.

I've never been sexually excited in my life.

Shary?

I think you're jumping to conclusions, but I appreciate it.

Well, I thought he was doing blatant double entendre, and I'm not the type to play games.

Okay.

No.

I've never had an orgasm.

Oh, no.

And as a such, I refuse to engage in double entendre, because it only makes me feel less than.

We have to solve this problem for her, guys.

Yeah.

Hey, Clark.

So, what is the problem?

Clark, why do we have some time waiting for the drippage?

What are you waiting for, my mom's not coming in.

Do you want to try out a couple, our characters?

Yeah, I would love that.

All right.

Go rank.

Slaw.

Oh my god.

Slaw.

Evan?

Here's a game.

How's it going?

Hi, Vance.

Hey, how's your game going?

I'm fine.

How's window?

How's the window is clear?

Perfect day for looking out at the...

It's very beautiful.

Ah, look at all that.

Wasteland.

The world was such a nice place before it ended.

Well, let's go scavenge for water and be aware of the scavengers.

We have a square clue.

There's a scavenger in the midst.

Who goes there?

Who is it?

It is I.

Yes, stage a name and purpose.

My name is Sherry Oterrey.

I'm the grandmother of the famous Sherry Oterrey.

You have lived.

In the future, have we traveled to the past?

I'm immortal.

What's that, Sherry?

How's window?

The window is magnificent.

It has never been touched.

Okay, you can pass.

Thank you.

So wait.

Bye.

Hold on.

In this apocalyptic wasteland, where you're watching out for scavengers, your one security measure is asking how the window is.

If they respond that the window is fine, you let them into your house?

Well, times have changed.

This isn't your world as you know it.

The world can't have changed that much that you're not fearful of scavengers.

Well, windows are the life force that the entire world and what we used to know of as a marika.

Depend upon.

Depends.

And if Lord Shitquiff gets his hand on one, it'll be there in the end or so.

Now hold on one second.

I have to ask about the name of your ruler.

I'm taking it Lord.

Yeah, well the Lord of the Dark Side.

We are the good ones.

Oh, what was his name though?

Lord Shitquiff.

He's the ruler of the Dark Side of the Force.

How did he get his name or is that his Christian name?

It's Jewish name.

Oh, I see.

There's no such thing as Christianity.

Only Judaism.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I knew those assholes would take over one day.

Yeah.

So you guys are sort of fighting against the evil Jews.

Yeah.

We're trying to exterminate them.

I see how many of them are there?

You know, give or take six million.

Oh, okay.

But they're bad.

Sure.

We're good in this future.

Yeah, no, I mean it's quite ironic.

It's almost like a Twilight Zone.

Yeah.

Situation.

Yeah.

Hey, Georgian.

Yes.

Now that we have some time, would you like to try out some characters?

I would love to.

How much time do you guys actually have?

You guys were like going out to scavenge.

Greek slum.

Ugh.

How's window?

Good.

This is a masterpiece.

I really?

Who are you?

I...

They're obviously window loving dogs.

And who are you in this situation?

Oh, I had stepped out of it.

I was Chelsea.

Oh, okay.

You're Chelsea again.

Oh, okay.

I'm still puk-hong jokes.

Doctor.

Oh, Adam's still in it.

Hair's still in it.

Fire.

No.

They seem to be...

Oh my gosh.

Let's go back.

Argh.

Okay.

This is like real acting.

You're all...

shitquief.

Yes.

Wait, are you allergicquief?

You just said yes.

Yes.

Oh my gosh.

So in this scenario, I thought that you were who were you?

We're...

Well, the dogs are living in 20 years past the time of the second Holocaust.

Oh, okay.

That's what you guys call it in the future.

Yeah, Lord Chitquief actually won.

Okay.

So the Jews survived.

And dogs and humans have cross-pollinated.

Yeah.

Oh!

So it's just a bunch of dog men roaming the earth.

Who started that?

Who was the first person to actually have sex with a dog?

Paris Whittles.

He's still alive then?

No, this was like 10,000 years old.

Okay.

How many times did he do it?

Constantly.

Okay.

Starting in the year 2010.

Can I ask you, was this as a result of a wife swap?

Yeah.

Well, the first thought, yeah, it was rocky.

Holy shit.

What?

What are you doing to my dust?

So wait, everyone in the future is a half Boston Terrier, half...

Like a Jewish sitcom writer?

We should be so lucky.

That would be a great man.

How about hearing yourself reduce down to Jewish sitcom writer?

I thought I was the Boston Terrier.

Wait, should we go back to the previous characters?

Yeah, who were we?

I think we're at the dogs.

We're in the dogs, yeah.

Okay.

Sorry, we can't just go back to Harrison Adam.

We have to kind of go back through.

Okay, no, take your time.

Do it as much as you need to do.

Let's go back.

Can I have a ship of your milk?

Is this the...

Who is this?

Oh, it's come.

Wait, wait, the dogs just...

eight, the other dogs come?

Sorry.

Wait, now the dogs are farting.

Guys, I thought you were getting out of these characters.

You just fart screwed me.

You know what?

Fart screw me twice, shame on me.

Oh, wait, wait, come here.

I want you to do go look at something.

Just get your face right up to this thing.

Okay, better be milk.

Guys, why did you fall for this?

Well, what can I say?

My brain is more dog than man.

Also...

Should we go back?

Sure.

How do you keep falling for this?

Okay, all the dog man's in the world.

I'm stuck with his asshole.

You can say that again.

Okay, so now we're back.

Oh, Lord, Lord Shittquith is over there.

We better get back.

Yes.

See it?

Slam, Creek.

Oh, this gravy is not going to wipe itself.

Yeah, we'd still waiting for that person.

Should we go back?

Yeah, looks like a woman's not going to show up to do a woman's job.

Oh, well, what else is new?

Well, let's go back to the...

Creek, Creek, Sit, Creek, Slam.

Or something.

Hey, how's it going?

It looks like this bus is never going to come.

I don't think so.

It's Creek!

The bus is here.

No.

Just a surfer.

I'm sorry, a surfer.

Hey, man, I love my motor S.R. Fords!

Look at him go.

I love wasting gas and throwing it in the ocean.

We'll never find out how window is or who he was.

Never.

Let's go back.

Slam, Sart, Clark, Redswolds.

Wait!

Now we're Harris.

Oh, wait, what was that?

We almost went through the portal.

Do you think...

I'm like, is Lita?

Who was there?

Lita!

The bus is here!

Let's...

Kiton.

Oh, no.

It's a coyote.

Let's still get on.

Okay.

Do you want to come with us, young lady?

Sure.

I'm bored out of my mind.

So you guys are all going to hop onto a coyote and just...

Yeah, fuck it.

Let's get on this, plug it.

You get in the front though, I'm scared.

Okay.

Does it matter where the coyote is going?

No.

We get wherever the coyote is going.

We all want to go.

Oh, yeah?

Yeah!

Whoo!

Yeah.

He's walking, he's walking!

If you jump on this coyote, you may never get out of correct though.

That's true.

You know?

We're already going.

I don't...

I don't want to get out of correct.

Me neither, I love correct!

Crack is not whack in the chest.

Crack is not whack.

Seriously.

Yeah, I guess.

Maybe we just played season get out of here.

No, stay on it, stay on it!

Stay on it, come on!

Stay on it, sir!

Stay on it, stay on the coyote!

Let's take the coyote and can leave a back and candle opera back into regular time stuffs.

Just to prove to everybody that we did this.

Yeah.

All right, here it is.

Come on guys.

Crack, slam, sniff!

We made it!

Whoa!

Yeah!

Oh my god, what is this world?

Oh, it's high in here.

Wait, are you still in here?

No, no, no.

I thought we went through the portal.

Adam Scott doesn't exist anymore.

Whoa!

Who are you people?

Wait a minute, sir.

Are you going to take over Adam Scott's lifestyle?

You've just switched places with a really famous Hollywood actor who was a bit of a poon hound from what I was doing.

Do you mind switching places with him?

Yeah, sure.

That sounds good.

Yeah.

Okay, it does.

I was like, you have a pretty sweet deal.

Meanwhile, what was your life like back there?

I hadn't quite figured that one out yet.

Well, poor Adam.

He's mostly waiting at a bus.

That's all I really knew.

Not seeing doctors.

Number five.

All right, we have to take a break.

That is Farts in Pro 3.

It sure was.

It was indeed.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we will have your number four episode and this is a great one.

So come on back.

We will be right back on the countdown.

All right, comedy bang bang.

We are back here with Paul F. Tompkins.

Hi.

And who?

He had a new voice.

I'm here.

I'm ready to do it, Scott.

You are stern.

I am full of vim and vigor.

And piss.

And vinegar.

And shit.

I'm full of piss and shit.

Piss and vigor.

Blood and bile.

The four humors.

We're at number four on the countdown.

That's right.

Number four, that's right.

And this is a very special episode.

But before we get to that.

Wait a minute.

Before we get to that.

But what are you stalling?

Why don't we do instead a...

Clip.

All right, let's hear this bonus clip before we get to number four.

This was really good.

This was suggested a lot.

And this is from episode 240, which is an episode called hashtag the world's end.

Now this was a really fun episode.

Let me give you a little bit of background.

I haven't really talked about the background on this episode.

You haven't.

No, but Edgar Wright, who is a great film director.

He's directed the Cornetto trilogy.

You're talking Sean of the Dead.

You're talking Hafaz.

You're talking in the world's end.

The world's end.

Now he also has directed Scott Pilgrim.

Versus the world.

Versus the world, great movie.

And he...

And his friends were in the sort of press cycle for the world's end.

They were doing a lot of interviews.

He requested to come on this show, which is amazing because of...

Big comedy fan.

A lot of people, they do the WTFs.

They do the Nerdists, which are just simple interviews where they can just talk.

And that's comfortable for a lot of stars.

But this show is a little more challenging.

Yes, because like you go on WTF and you have the host as like, why should I care about you?

Then you go on the Nerdist and the host is like, I care about you too much.

Then you come here and the host isn't aware of what's happening at all or who the person is.

Right.

And so...

All you want to do is wait for you to say the words of my wife.

And then he'll just jump on that.

And that is what this show is about.

Right.

So Edgar listens to the show.

He watches the TV show.

He gave me some really nice compliments about episodes that he had seen.

He's a big comedy fan.

And he's a sweetheart.

He's a great guy.

He wanted to come on this.

And not only did he want to come on with his stars, Nick Frost and Simon Pegg, two big stars, the likes of which we do not see a lot on this show.

They don't need this shit.

They don't need to come on this show.

No, hell no.

Not only did he...

They shouldn't have.

Not only did he want to bring them, he wanted to do it in the style of this show.

Meaning he wanted them to do characters.

He didn't want it just to be an interview show.

He wanted them to do characters.

He was invoking the open door policy.

Yes, of course.

So he wanted it to be a lot like a normal episode of this show.

Right.

So this is a really funny bonus clip.

This is where Simon Pegg and Nick Frost are doing Sean Connery and Michael Caine.

And by the way, also a little background, those guys Edgar said he had cleared this with them.

Those guys got there and he was new to them.

And they thought he was kidding when he had suggested it.

But they were very game.

I should say so.

They slid right into it and they had a thing where they said in the middle they were going to switch characters, which they do.

So you'll hear that in the middle of it.

So this is your bonus clip from hashtag the world's end.

Clip.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Edgar Wright and looks like Simon and Nick took off.

But hey, I'll talk to you about the film.

So it must be great being a director, I guess, right?

You know, you get to sit in that chair.

I mean, they have a whole chair built just for your profession.

I don't actually sit in my chair that much, actually.

What?

I am, you know, I...

Oh.

Are they back or no?

Excuse me.

Is this where the podcast is happening?

Oh my God.

I cannot believe this. Two giant stars just walked into this room.

I was just outside with my friend Sean.

Hello.

Michael Kane?

Good evening.

I have just been to have an MRI on my shoulder.

It's Sean Connery and Michael Kane have just walked into this.

Edgar, can you believe this?

I never, I mean, I've never met either.

Either than I've met.

You're welcome.

Now let's just get some Naoayo.

I'm the director of a new movie that's coming up to take all the world's end.

Never heard of it.

Well done.

What's that about then?

One of the, um, another one of your, um, James Bond's, isn't it?

Oh.

Yeah.

Can I be a mom?

Yeah.

Do you want to sign my cast?

Yes, I'd love to sign your cast.

So Sean, who are you?

You are a cast.

What are you, you are a cast.

Why do, yeah, why do you have a cast?

I hurt my, uh, um, playing golf.

Oh, you're a big golfer.

Oh, yes.

I'm off the long golf course.

Is that what you do now?

It seems like you've retired from acting.

Yes, pretty much.

I just played golf.

Yeah.

Wow.

That's incredible.

Thank you.

And Michael, I haven't seen you in any film that's non-dapman related in a long time.

Well, you know, you just sort of do what you can to keep the wolves from the door.

Uh, a lot of the time I just stay home with Shakira.

Fucking.

You are fucking Shakira right now?

Yeah, she's my wife.

I had no idea.

I mean, you're a huge star.

I don't know why it's surprising.

Well, what happened was a long time ago, I was leafing through a magazine, and I saw this ready classy bird on page 57.

I sort of out.

The name was Shakira.

We got married.

As your father.

So wait, so you see her?

Where's your father?

He's dead.

Oh, so sorry to hear that.

Mine too.

Sorry, guys.

So you see Shakira, you don't even know what she does.

You don't even know her name.

I just saw her.

She was advertising some kind of booze or a diamond ring or summit.

And I just called her up and she was like, hello, Michael.

And we got it on.

Wow.

Amazing.

And then married.

How many days later?

There was that day.

That day?

Same day.

You fucked her and then you married her this time.

No, we got married first.

I'm not a pervert.

Oh, OK.

This is the hip stone lying woman.

She was in the man who would be king with us in the end, do you remember?

I think she played Roxanne.

Yes.

That's right.

That's a good film, isn't it?

The man who would be king.

That's the only film that you guys have ever started to get.

Yes, that's where we were.

I'm getting my movie trivia first.

That's right.

But we've never spent a day apart since we shot it.

So wait, you were there the entire time that Sean here filmed Indiana Jones in the last crusade?

Yes.

How was that?

Every day.

We used to...

Why weren't you in the film?

I couldn't be bothered to be honest.

I had stuff to do.

It was mine.

So, he's the one that came up with a line, junior.

That's right.

That was mine.

What made you think of that line?

I was thinking of mints.

I wanted a fancy chocolate covered mint and I shouted out for the mint.

Nice.

Junior.

And Sean quite rightly said that's a good line for the set.

I was leaving the trip line I heard it.

I said, that's bloody great.

What if you had said Twizzler?

Twizzler?

I know.

It could have gone either way.

Cinema history would have been changed.

Who was there on Jules for the revenge all the time?

Oh my goodness.

Shouting, Michael, stop it for factsate.

Is that in Rio?

Rio, yes.

Yes.

Rio.

We were there on set for Austin Powers Goldmember.

Yes.

Five days.

That's all you did really, Michael.

It was, but it was a very memorable performance.

I thought the back of your head was really good.

A lot of that was played by some little fucker.

Oh, I never got the meat.

I wasn't happy with the cast in the game.

Oh, er, er.

Oh.

Let's move on.

So can I ask a question?

Yeah, I could.

It was.

So Michael, so Michael?

Yes, I could.

You were very famous for having a book about like your guide to acting.

And I saw on TV when I was a little kid, you're kind of acting masterclass.

That is right.

Like, could you tell us about some of your rules of acting?

There's one key to acting that I've been to.

There we go.

You know this, shorten your yourself with us.

Yeah, you never spent a day apart, I would hope you'd know this.

Oh, no.

They're a great exponent of this particular method.

We, both of us, use it.

Yes, we do.

We don't blink.

We do not blink.

Simply that.

Just watch my performances.

You won't see me blink, not once.

But not even in Batman.

Not even when I'm upset, perhaps because I'm younger.

What has been stabbed?

Like in Death Trap?

Yes.

What about, how do you, I have a question.

How do you stop blinking in like a swarm of killer bees in the swarm?

That was particularly difficult.

But I use a couple of lenses.

I had lenses in anti-blink lenses, which stuff.

It's like a small disk of perspex that hangs above the iris.

That's shown in vintage.

Sean, you invented this.

Yes, I do.

So when you came up with this method, Sean, you said, well, there's got to be a technical way to do this.

Well, I was making my own at home and I had a terrible infection in my tearducks.

And so I contacted the company that made them for me.

Oh, well, of course.

A lot of the time we inform on each other's films.

It was my idea to use the little green bowls full of virus in the rock, wasn't it?

Oh, yes.

Oh, great idea.

Yeah, I thought it was, I thought it was like a bath bomb, but we'll kill you.

Nobody escapes from the rock, except me, and I did it twice.

Yeah.

Well, I wanted to improvise, but they wouldn't let me.

I read that you came up with also the, you're between the rock and a hard case.

Oh, that's right.

That was part of the commercial advertising for the movie.

I've done a little bit of advertising in my time.

I was actually leafing through a magazine once and I came across a beautiful bird.

Have I told this story?

Dude, I don't know.

I'd love to hear it again.

I'm not as sharp as I used to be, but I bloody try.

So are you, are you guys ever going to start in another movie together?

I mean, I would love to see, I don't know.

I didn't know you were a guy.

But they want to make, they do want to make a man who would be king too.

Obviously, sequels are very important these days.

Yes.

Seems to be the only thing they're making in a movie.

You would think it's a lot of furora about the royal baby.

That's what they want us to do.

Yeah.

Are you going for the, um, independence of Scotland?

Sean, I haven't asked you about this.

Oh, I don't care.

I live here.

You live in Spain, don't you?

Yeah, I live everywhere.

We live in Spain.

We live everywhere.

We're a very wealthy man.

Thanks to James Bond.

Can you say the famous line from James Bond, which would you?

I would love to hear it.

Go fuck yourself, Lawfield.

I love it.

Oh, I love it.

Amazing.

For thought.

Oh, I love it.

Incredible.

That's incredible.

That's so cool.

So Sean, can I ask you your opinion of the James Bond that came after you?

Oh, yeah.

I mean, it's a lot of...

Let's go through them, Joey.

I'll see you.

There was the one, that guy that just did one.

Guy, I remember his name.

Lazy B.

George Lazy Brain.

You know, I think George Lazy Brain.

George Lazy Brain is a very brief performance.

It's about two hours long.

Although the only bond to wed.

Who knew what happened?

Yeah, that's true.

That was very sad.

Yeah.

Did I tell you I met my wife?

No.

I'd gladly to jump through this magazine a couple of years ago.

I was on page 57 and there she was.

Beautiful.

Lovely bird.

I called her up.

She just said, she said, yes.

And that's it.

And we're still together.

So she said, yes.

To what?

Will you marry me over the phone?

No, she just backed up the phone and went, yes.

And you took that to me.

I mean, do you know, is that no what she meant?

Have you kidnapped her?

That'll work.

I might be.

That kidnapped her.

Wow.

So did they ever find out who would be king at the end of that first film?

I think.

I've never seen it.

Well, you were in it.

Do you read the script?

Yeah, I read my bits.

Do you have like an earpiece like Marlon Brando used to have?

Were people just say your lines to you and you repeat them?

Right.

A lot of the time he would just drink in and mess it around with Christopher Plummer.

Yes.

Oh, Plummer.

He's great.

Plummer then.

He's a lovely guy.

He's back on top.

Absolutely.

I know Simon Pegg, the actor, beautiful young man, does an amazing performance in the world sense.

He recently made a film with Christopher Plummer.

He did.

Which film is that?

What Hector in the search for happiness out next year?

Oh my gosh.

I've got high hopes for this.

He's a great young actor.

Very promising.

Can I ask you a massive dick?

I mean, he's not a person in the mality.

Oh, just he has a large penis.

Oh, great.

That's impressive.

Michael, do you do any impressions?

Blue.

Yes, I do.

I do an impression of the actor Simon Pegg, funnily enough.

Oh, really?

I'd love to hear him.

He took off.

Hang on, hang on, hang on.

I've got to get the face and the voice right.

You've got red on you.

That's it.

I can only say the one thing.

Yeah, is that a famous line?

I think it's from his film, How Fast.

Oh, great.

Well, that's fantastic.

And there, actually, so Michael, I don't think I'm.

Or are you guys OK?

Sure.

Yeah, just a slight coughing fit there.

Swallow to mouth.

Wait a minute.

Is there an echo in you?

Because all of a sudden, Sean, can I ask you a question?

Of course you can.

So we've talked about Laser Brain.

Yes.

But there's Pierce Brosnan, who's in this film, The World's End.

Hi.

And he was a Bond.

As far as I know, he did four or five of these things.

Yeah, I think he did about 43 of the Bond.

No, he didn't.

Did he not?

No, he did.

Which is Pierce Brosnan.

Is that the little...

The little...

Irish guy.

He's the black one.

I see the black Bond.

That's right.

Pierce Brosnan's not a white man's name, is it?

No.

Very Jamaican.

I think it was timely, though.

I think the franchise needed it by that time, at the end of the board of Porsche White Boys.

I am.

Yeah.

Our will.

Why did you think of Roger Moore, who replaced you after Diamonds are forever?

I thought he basically took the corpse of the role I created and fucked it.

My gosh, Sean.

Throw out the entire eighties, just fuck it.

Don't hold back.

Tell us what you think.

I think in many ways he made a mockery of the character and irreparably damaged it until the long came Dalton, who I did respect.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

And the long came Polly, the movie with Jennifer Aniston, who you are, hilariously plays the part of Polly, a difficult to know girl.

Michael, I had heard that you actually were up for the role in the untouchables that Sean here got, is that right?

Well, you know, we don't really argue about things.

What's good for the goose is good for the gander.

Of course.

That's what we say.

Who plays the goose and who's the gander in your relationship?

I play Richard Goose, a detective.

I play Dave Gander, who is another detective.

A hard-not-cop with a grudge.

Yeah, I imagine the two detectives would get along really well because they have so much in common.

Goose and Gander.

It's our new film, isn't it?

Yeah, what's it rated R4?

Rum jobs.

Rum to rim jobs.

You say rim jobs.

Yeah, I say rim jobs.

Oh, I think you said rum jobs.

I think you said rum jobs.

Rum jobs.

What is that exactly? A rum job?

It's like when you lick around the rim of a bottle.

I think it's when you get an end job from Captain Morgan.

Mm-hmm.

Well, guys, I love your friendship.

I love hearing about your lives.

That's why my life has been great to come in here.

Why did you come in here?

We are going to miss our tea off time.

We were just told to come in and sit down here.

I thought it was a place for a prostate examination.

Oh, I was using your microwave to heat up some soup.

What kind of soup, Michael?

Hines cream of tomato.

You can't get it here.

I have to go down to Santa Monica.

I understand.

And get in the pub.

All right, well, your soup is getting cold.

Yes, thank you guys so much for having us.

Yeah, why don't we take a break?

Edgar, can you stick around?

Maybe Simon and Nick are good at that.

Good luck with your film at Wellland Young Man.

Oh, thank you.

That's actually the name of Pirates of the Caribbean 3.

Oh, fuck you.

Bonus!

S-s-s-s-s-clip.

Oh, very funny.

When was it sprung on them that they were going to be doing this?

In the break, right before the segment.

So not even when everyone was sitting down at the beginning.

Fantastic.

But they were like, oh, okay.

And they did.

They loved doing those characters.

And it was a lot of fun hearing them on it.

And I think that was really funny.

All right, let us get now to your number four episode.

Oh, buddy.

What a number four.

All right, this is number four.

This is from...

Oh man, I didn't write down the number of this one, but I can look it up right now.

This is from the episode 245.

Two, four, five.

Here's a comedy.

Two, four, five.

What song is that?

Come on, baby.

Making the name two, three, four, five, five, five, five.

And times.

D-l-l-l-l-l-l.

What was it, son?

Gloria Estefan and the...

Miami and Michelle Lamese.

Eee.

Miami's on the regime.

Oh, they got that.

Oh, got Japanese at the end.

It is the honorable Miami's on the regime.

It's really...

That is a fine line.

He honorable Miami soundfish.

You have dishonored the sound machine.

You must commit Harikari.

Guys, that's fun to do.

And fun to listen to.

It is.

This is episode 245.

And this is an episode called polar ice caps.

Oh, yes.

Polar ice caps.

Oh, yes.

Now you know from that title that it's got a star, our good friend.

Polar Bear.

The polar bear.

That's right.

A polar bear came into the studio.

That's right.

Mold us.

That's right.

Have to death.

Drink a Coke.

And then our blood.

That's right.

Coke first.

Board your blood into the empty Coke can.

No, Amy Poehler, of course, is our guest on this.

And...

Amy Poehler, let me say this about Amy Poehler.

Mm-hmm.

She's a sheer delight.

She...

She makes the interviews fun.

I gotta say.

She's not only hilarious herself, but she likes to laugh.

She loves other people being hilarious.

She loves to laugh.

And she'll make any bit better.

Yes.

If you throw out in a question, some sort of like, premise for a bit.

Or a lot of times when I'm interviewing people, I will do a ridiculous question in order for the person on the other side to pick up on a bit.

And then we do heavy bit saturation.

H.P.F.

Sometimes people do not know that that is what is happening.

Yes.

And they say, that's not true.

No, that didn't happen.

No, he's nice.

Amy picks up on it every single time.

Immediately.

Runs with it, adds to it, is one of the best at it.

She's the best in the biz.

Yes.

And this also has Neil Campbell, who we heard...

Your Campbell.

And that's right.

Who we heard earlier in this episode.

We heard his rap earlier in this episode.

Now.

His first rap was rap debut.

Little setup.

Amy, this is her...

Is that his rap name?

Mm-hmm.

Neil's rap name is Little Setup?

Little Setup, yes.

Good old Little Setup.

That's not a bad rap name.

It's not bad.

So, Amy, this is her third appearance on the show.

She makes an annual pilgrimage to this studio, when Parks and Recreation is on and is kind enough to drop by every single time, loves it, loves coming by.

Now, in her previous appearances, we have done a freestyle rap battle in each of those times, because I know she is good at it.

She's great at it.

I've seen her rap on SNL.

Yes.

She has a love for it.

She is great at it.

Yes.

She, as a matter of fact, we were calling her goat, greatest of all time.

Paul Rudd did really, really well his time too, as well, a few years back.

He had a really good one too.

And admittedly, the other guys on that episode were terrible.

David Wayne was not bad.

Okay.

David, Ken Marino refused to even do it.

Right.

Maybe that stands out of my mind.

Yeah, that's sticking out.

I think.

But so Amy though, blew everyone away in her previous two appearances.

Now, when I knew she was coming back, I asked Neil to be on the show, because I wanted to see...

Look at you.

You're like the puppet master.

That's right.

I am.

And this is like some dangerous liaison.

Yeah.

Just sticking my hand up all of your bottoms.

Just making, because of your puppets.

Right.

But you can be marrying it.

I think of it as pulling the strings.

No, no, I want to have my hand up your butts.

And make people talk that way?

Yeah, exactly.

That's warm.

Then you have to do so much work then.

That's more fun though for me.

Yeah, but you know what?

Here's the problem with...

The problem I have with that kind of puppeteering is that you're in the middle.

Yeah.

You're a middle man.

You're a puppet on either side.

But if you're the marrying that guy, you're hanging over the side.

So you want to be a hangover rather than a middle man?

Because you can make them walk and stuff.

You can make them do more stuff.

I'm walking here.

Hey, I'm walking here.

I'm walking here.

We heard about Christopher Walken earlier, actually the last episode on The Murderer Heaven with Rob Cordray.

Oh, that's right.

So, okay.

So I wanted to see a head-to-head battle between these two.

We also have in this episode, Alan Thicke makes his inaugural appearance on the show.

The famous actor and theme songwriter.

That's right.

We heard him...

He's of course, he was on Growing Pains and the writer of the Different Strokes theme and Facts of Life theme.

This is his first appearance.

He then returned recently on the Christmas episode and also was on a couple of the live episodes, most notably from Toronto with Sean Cullen.

He's on to some province.

That is a really great episode.

But this is his first time.

So what we're going to hear here is first, we're going to hear Amy and Neil talk for a little bit.

And then we're going to do the clip from that heralded freestyle rap battle.

So here it is.

This is number four on your countdown.

Number four.

You know her as...

Number one on the call sheet.

On Parks and Recreation.

Camera one?

Maybe?

Yep.

Parks and Recreation.

I'm nervous to talk before I'm introduced.

Please don't.

I'm loud.

Okay.

No, you are not.

Yep.

You shall be punished for that outburst.

Parks and Recreation comes on for its sixth season this Thursday.

Probably sometime in the eight or eight 30 or nine or nine 30.

It doesn't matter.

Okay.

Just block out your evening.

Yep.

You know, cancel all plans.

And her name is Amy Poehler.

Welcome back to the show.

Thank you for having me.

For having me.

Very, very excited to be here.

Thank you, everyone.

That was a good investment.

Yeah.

Your applause machine is just like all these mechanical hands.

It's actually huge.

It's not a little box that has the sound of recorded applause.

No, it actually is.

That's as big as a refrigerator and it's for mechanical hands.

And it's not automatic.

That's the other thing.

I have to crank it every single time that we do this.

And sometimes when you crank it, it's like it's conceited.

Because it seems like you think you're going to get a pause.

Yeah.

Let me do it really slowly here.

I'm going to speed it up a little bit.

Oh no.

Oh no, it's out of control.

It's out of control.

That was me making the sound of an explosion meeting.

I'm very excited.

Welcome back to the show.

Thanks guys.

Neil.

Oh shit.

Amy, let's talk about it.

The Emmys were last night.

This is coming out at midnight.

Probably just wrapping up.

You just left the governor's ball.

I just, I just, I'm just coming in from, and I got to tell you, there were so many new fashion trends this year.

Oh my gosh.

I mean everyone just.

What colors are in?

What colors are out?

Well, last year it was really about, from what I read, clean skin, long legs, and just symmetrical faces.

And this year, it was all about just dirty mouths, like smudged, smudged mouths.

Okay.

And crossed eyes.

And tongues of Kimbo.

And a lot of lying down, which we don't see a lot of carpet.

So people were just lying down and like pushed in on skateboards.

Yeah, it was a lot of prone fashion this year.

Just really beautiful poses on settees and stuff.

I noticed a lot of the actresses, they weren't even dressed.

They just went into shops and laid down and people threw garbage on them.

Yeah, the new thing is to just act like you're a bed at a party, and everybody just throws their coat on you.

Yeah, of course, and their keys.

Some of their car keys get lost on you.

Cell phones.

It was just so, there was so many cool things about the MBS this year.

Like, I just thought it was great how everybody won.

You know, everyone who had been nominated won.

Yeah, that's great.

That was fun.

And I loved the Inma Memorial.

Oh, the Inma Memorial.

That's hilarious.

Some big ones this year, some big names.

Big names this year.

Big entire cast of Gunsmoke.

Everyone.

Everyone from Law & Order.

Yeah.

SVU.

Crazy.

I mean, I...

That's an insane accident.

I blame Icede.

And it wasn't, they weren't together.

That's what's weird.

It was like a Rube Goldberg kind of insane.

Yeah, just a bounce all around.

Well, at home it was insane.

I mean, actually scientists will be studying it for years because they all died from that terrible black blood coughing disease, which is so weird to transfer of.

And how do you feel about your category and what happened in it?

Thanks for asking.

I feel okay, question mark.

Yeah.

You know, I feel like some of the things that I said were a little misconstrued.

And I feel like maybe things shouldn't have gotten so physical.

Yeah, now I know.

That was weird what happened between all the nominees.

Just that orgy that broke out.

Yeah.

It was really...

Yeah, because I like my sex to be very mental.

Yes, of course.

With no touching.

Well, as George Michael once put it, sex is best when it's one-on-one.

And he was a gentleman that I truly believed was straight.

And I was...

So did I, until I saw him personally.

I saw him personally in 1994 at a party.

And I truly believed he was straight.

And I saw him in person.

I went, oh, he's gay.

It was just like a light went off in my head.

Truly believed.

Yeah, it was fantastic.

Remember that period of the 80s and early 90s when every song that was about sex had to have some sort of condom reference or just do it with one person?

TLC, you know, Lisa left.

I had to have a condom on her glasses.

Right.

And then LL Cool J and doing it, doing it, doing it right had to be like, are you my lover?

You wear a rubber?

Cares.

Well, because we grew up in the time of...

We all thought we were going to die of AIDS.

And it might happen still.

Yeah.

And it was like that, and it was a whole idea of like, that was sexy.

It was like, I'm going to take care of you.

Bye.

Not transmitting like gross disease into you.

I don't know about the kids these days though.

Do they use condoms?

I don't know.

Let's...

Their audience should let us know.

Yeah.

Call in if you can right now.

Yeah.

We'd love to take some calls.

About...

This is a love line, right?

Yeah.

Of course.

What types of condoms are you wearing?

What sizes?

And Amy, we have to...

And Neil backed me up on this.

We have to talk about Parks and Recreation this year.

We have to.

Okay.

I have to back them up here.

Thanks, Neil.

You're welcome.

Neil.

Um, season six, you have a lot of changes going on.

It's tumultuous at this point.

That's right.

Uh, some ups, some downs.

Yes.

Things are sideways.

Always.

You know?

You have Rashida and Rob leaving after 13 episodes.

Are you going to go with them?

I'm going to...

Well, I'm chaining Rashida to her bed, like misery, and I'm not going to allow her to leave.

And, uh, and...

I think Rob, I've already written off.

Yeah, he's fine.

I'm barely speak to anymore.

I think you should just go with them.

Just be like, you know what?

See you later, Parks and Rec.

Room, room, Carkeys, Screech.

Pull into the left lane.

Yeah.

Apply the break.

I think I had pitched that Jerry...

A little bit slower.

Jerry comes in and just shoots them, like those characters from Lost.

Oh, yeah.

Just kills them.

Wait, which characters from Lost?

Remember, um, the...

Claudia, and...

Yeah, the...

And just buries them alive.

They got bur...

Yeah, well, I've only watched a few episodes...

I have seasons of Lost, I...

Oh, okay, you've only seen the last two episodes?

The only two...

I've only seen the first and last episode of Lost.

It's very cyclical.

Oh, just like, oh, it makes break exams on my...

Yep.

Well, Michelle Rodriguez.

Remember Michelle Rodriguez?

Michelle Rodriguez!

Walt Dad.

Shot them all, right?

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

Spoiler alert.

Yeah, sorry.

Yep.

Sorry.

How long is it before you...

It's not a spoiler alert.

It's until death.

As Brad Garrett once said...

Do you think he ever actually said that?

I don't know.

I hope he did.

I guess...

I hope he said it.

He must have said the title of his show.

I hope he said it.

Someone laughed and someone said, that's a show.

At his wedding.

Garrett?

You've done it again.

Hey, that's a show!

Yeah, you know what?

You're right.

It's worth it.

He doesn't talk like that in real life, isn't it?

No, he does now for me, forever in my head.

Yeah.

So, Parks and Rec, you have Adam Scott.

You got married on the show last year.

That's right.

Is this the season long arc of The Divorce or what...

That's right.

It's gonna be the slow, slow and painful divorce.

Just a real...

Just a lot of us misunderstanding each other.

Sure.

And then one of us is gonna have an emotional affair.

Because you guys got married too soon, in my opinion, you know?

Of course.

I prefer a longer courtship.

Yep, we're gonna argue about money.

One of us is gonna let ourselves go.

So which one...

Because you look great.

Thank you.

Is it Adam?

Really?

He gains 40 pounds this season, I heard.

His character gains it all on his ass.

And it's...

Yeah.

No, this season, Leslie Nope, the character that I play, is going to have to fight to keep her job.

She might get kicked out.

Oh!

And she still gets kicked out.

I do.

Yeah, I can't hope she does too.

It might be fun, but...

Yeah.

So they might kick her out because she's done a lot of stuff.

And people don't like change.

Okay.

So on the season premiere...

Thank you for saying it right.

You're welcome.

This Thursday, what can we expect from Parks and Rec this Thursday?

Tell us the plot of this episode...

We have no idea.

With act breaks, if you could.

Okay.

So, we open on a dusty field.

What is the aspect ratio at this point?

We're in 12, 15, but what's so beautiful about shooting on these new reds is...

You can download instantly.

So the whole thing is uploaded...

Oh, yeah.

And just get it right to the editors.

You download upload switch is just X5, so you can X4 the whole time.

And then you just switch into Dolby Digital and suddenly your analog dependent, which is better for synchronizing your residual stuff.

Okay.

Oh!

So you get your residuals faster.

Immediately, really.

The minute that you shoot a scene, you get residuals from it.

That's nice.

And we're using an alien cam this year, which is just a camera that you point at people to see if they're aliens.

They're aliens.

Much like the glasses and they live.

That's right.

Oh, okay.

Got carpenters they live with...

Roddy, Roddy, Roddy, Piper, I believe.

Yes.

Yeah.

You don't have to believe it.

Take it on faith.

It's like, you know, it's not one said.

Take it on faith.

You got to take it on faith.

The faith, the faith.

You got to take it on...

The cast of they live.

Take it on faith.

Do you guys remember the freedom video George Michael did in all those...

Freedom 90?

Super models in the bathtub and Cindy in the bathtub.

Yeah.

What do you think?

I loved it.

Yeah.

Did you have aspirations of being a supermodel?

I did.

Yeah.

But I got hurt early.

I hurt my vagina bonus so I could...

Oh no.

You couldn't fuck as much as you needed.

Fuck this many guys.

Because you needed to.

Yeah.

I couldn't fuck like slimy model agents.

Yeah.

That is heartbreak pain.

I pulled my vagina bone.

Oh no.

I bruised it.

Oh, I just...

On a horse...

Horse accident.

A horse's dick?

A horse's dick.

I bruised it on a horse's...

And so I was out of modeling for a while.

For a while.

And then I'm gonna...

I'm gonna do it now with that ME situation.

I'm gonna be...

I'm really interested in doing like the over 40 like kind of gray hair.

Like twinkly eyed...

Yeah.

Yogurt stuff.

Just letting your roots grow out.

Just barefoot and...

A real nice pedicure.

Yeah.

Well, guys, a lot of you listening.

Probably when you heard what the lineup is here, you guessed what was going to happen.

Okay.

It is time for our freestyle rap battle.

Oh no.

I'm intimidated to do this next episode.

Little backstory.

Next episode is perfect.

Well, this is...

Don't be intimidated...

It's for me.

Don't be intimidated by Mr. Thiks.

You gotta be intimidated by Neil Campbell, who recently about a month or two ago...

For the premiere of the show.

laid down what many consider to be goat.

You were goat at one time of the freestyle rap battle.

Neil laid down maybe the greatest verse.

Of all time here on the show.

So I want to have just a head-to-head battle.

We'll get involved, of course.

Certainly.

I'm up for new things.

I mean, I'm no usher Raymond, but I'll certainly give it a try.

Ancient year Cody, I'm going to need...

Now, you froze last time I asked you for one word.

And it took a really long time for you to come up with even one.

And all you did was looked at something in the corner and said that.

Clear your mind as they say.

Don't think, right?

Just come up with one word.

What do we got, engineer Cody?

Don't look in the corner, what's over there.

They also say don't look.

Don't think, don't look.

Don't speak.

Don't breathe.

Yeah, don't breathe.

Engineer, what do we have?

Butter.

Butter!

Very good.

All right, so I kind of want to save these two for the end.

So Alan, what do you say you start us off here?

Oh, really?

Or it could be me.

You don't want to warm it up?

I'll warm it up.

My name is Rapin Scott and I'm here to say it's fun to wrap in a butter way.

Creamy, creamy, creamy, dreamy, dreamy.

Spread it on my toast.

Yeah, I love it the most because I like to get fat by eating toast every day.

That's where it's at.

I think that when I spread it, that is where I like to put it on my bread it.

Yeah, I went on Reddit and talked about bread it.

But you know what?

I like peanut butter without nuts because I like looking at butts.

Pretty good, right?

Very good.

I mean, I'm traditionally be worst at it.

Right.

Very good.

All right, Alan, what do we go about?

Butter.

There's a pain that's growing in your arteries.

And guess what guy?

It's because of me.

I'm butter.

I'm going to kill you too soon.

You eat too much.

You eat it with a spoon.

Why don't you slow down?

Eat a carrot for God's sake.

So bad.

Is that part of it?

You yell exclamations?

Yes, of course.

Yeah, advice.

Am I supposed to swear?

Oh yeah, please sue.

Hey, go to help you.

How do you?

You're big and round going to take you to the pound where they take straight dogs.

You know, this is very difficult because it is very difficult.

The cord structures, the rimes scheme, everything is unpredictable.

Oh, of course.

You know, I like things that are very predictable.

Yeah, of course.

Yeah, if you were to sing a song about butter, one of your theme songs, how would it come out?

Well, I don't know if I could do that with this backing track at the same time.

Well, I say give it a try.

Oh, right?

There you go.

Looking for something to spread on your toast.

Well, this is very difficult.

I feel like it's taking me to a dark emotional place.

Oh no.

That sounded very ominous and it made me afraid of breakfast.

Yeah, well, this is a minor key.

It is a minor key.

Yeah, yeah.

And you're usually not afraid of breakfast.

No, I'm doing it.

Does it have any effect on you at all?

No, I'll wake up.

Remember that I'm alive.

Start singing in my head the fact that I've theme song.

Go down, make myself some breakfast.

And then you'll look at it and not be afraid of it.

That's right. I'll have a bowl of sugary cereal, glass of juice, two slices of toast and butter, large glass of milk, and two pop tarts.

Everything that you see on the television commercials.

OK, great.

All right, well, great verse.

Should I give another try?

Sure, why not?

Well, I don't want to hug anyone's time.

No, we have this time.

But is that so?

Yeah.

Time to burn.

Yes, of course.

Well, it's not like we were doing beans.

And here we go.

Jam, fuck you.

You'll never beat butter.

Why don't you come out of a cow's other?

That's what I do.

I'm butter.

And I'll come and send cum.

I'll take it.

Oh, I can't.

I'm sorry.

It's just very, very difficult.

Very difficult.

You're no robin thick.

No, that's true.

Or Pharrell.

That's true.

Who?

OK.

All right, let's go over to Amy.

I honestly have a stomach.

What?

I honestly feel bad.

You're the best at this.

I'm not.

I'm with the best.

Yeah, that's true.

I'm with the best.

All right, here we go.

I'm feeling I'm going to throw up.

OK.

You've had a lot of time to skew in this one.

But that's almost worse, right?

To have time.

Do you want a different suggestion?

I feel as if I did, but how come she gets a different suggestion?

If you want, Cody can come up with something different.

I feel as if Cody had a pet of butter in his pocket.

And he was feeling like the habit.

He was reaching into his hand.

Try cum up with a stall tactic.

The suggestion is butter.

Wait, are you doing a Maya Angelou poem?

I'm just finding my beat here.

Getting my, clearing my space, getting into my rap battle pose.

Here we go.

2013.

Paula Deens, a motherfucking racist.

Makes food and says let's taste this.

Dropping and bombs all over America.

She's got a problem like America Bank, which doesn't have any more money.

No more money isn't that funny.

You can't get your cash.

You can't buy a car.

You can't go to Spain.

You can't travel far because you're broke.

You broke, you broke.

I spoke.

I spoke words of wisdom and nice.

No joke.

Butter in jam, butter for con.

Butter is off.

Butter is on.

Butter be good.

Butter be bad.

Butter be the best motherfucking thing you've had.

And now I'm going on a diet.

I think you should try it.

I'm not going to lie.

It's hard to eat healthy in America.

Cause poor people can't afford real food.

Real food.

I'm in the mood.

So Paula Deens, queen of me.

It's not my zine to be so rude and butter and butter and butter and butter and butter.

I fuck a butter face.

Yeah.

Prank up the machine that was incredible.

Shots fired.

What I also enjoyed about that was that it had the social commentary that is common to hip hop, rap music.

And I like that the queen of me is no longer Lisa Lampanelli.

It's now Paula Deens.

Oh, who had heard of the mantle from Leona Helms, of course.

Yeah.

All right.

Neil Campbell, here we go.

Butter.

Oh, hold on.

I'm coming up with it.

Here we go.

Is that part of the comedy bang bang?

2000.

13, 13, 13, 13, 13.

They say butter comes from milk.

But I'm not of that ilk.

I think butter is a movie and I think that it stars Rob Cordray.

Milk.

Hey, that's a movie too.

It's got Sean Penn.

What you're going to do?

You can rent that one with I.M. Sam and watch them all night.

Yeah, that's my plan.

If you go on a date with me, it's a double feature with those two movies.

And you'll see me make some butter too.

I'll make it in my pants, then I'll put it on you.

I'm sorry.

That's not what I meant.

It may have sound sexual, but it ain't.

It was just about making popcorn.

I make it in my pants because they're all extra worn out.

They got too much room and I put a churn in there and a loom.

A loom like Arachna used when she pissed off Athena.

All those years ago in Greece.

Greece in my pants.

Greece on my face when I learned how to dance.

I did that on Broadway in the musical that I played in all the years ago.

I don't know where I'm going with this song, but I remember we were talking about milk, milk and butter and San Francisco's where it took place.

James Franco was there with his face.

So pretty.

Yeah, hope it don't get roasted, but I think Rogan is gonna do it and it'll eat toasted.

That's what I put my butter on.

Toasty butter and I like to keep it warm.

Well, that's it.

I'll say goodbye.

Okay.

Thanks everybody for hanging here.

Bye bye.

Peace.

Oh, wow.

That was good.

That was so good.

There were so many topics.

Yeah, there were really too many some might say.

Decidedly less about picking up young boys by the pool.

Yeah, I decided to try to avoid that topic this time.

Some great reps everybody.

Oh, good.

Really good.

I think yeah, I think you'll still go.

I think you guys are tied at this point.

Okay.

You know, like I can't come up with a winner.

I think we're looking at the two coach champions.

Hearts are number four.

Oh, good stuff, huh?

Still, the debate still rages on who won that battle.

Who won?

I can't even say.

I mean, you know, Alan thick called him coke champions.

You know, that's that's good enough for me.

You know, Alan thick should be the one to decide that, I think, of anyone.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He decided when when the president will start Christmas season, he decided he decided upon the issue of Hearts beating to one drum.

Didn't he?

It's true.

Well, that's more science.

That's true.

Like the world doesn't move to the beat of just one drum.

Oh, is that what the world moving to the?

Oh, I was reaching for that.

I end the stars almost had it and you didn't get it.

I didn't get either.

And that is a somber note to end this episode.

But I will.

That's the.

What's that thing?

Casey, Casey, some exhorted people to do.

Keep your feet on the ground, but keep reaching for the stars.

That's right.

You'll never get if you keep your feet on the ground.

You'll never get there.

Yeah, it doesn't make any sense, Casey.

Come on.

Campaign, which has a caviar dreams.

I'd like that.

Maybe he should come on the show.

Oh, the reference is open.

I feel like Dana Carvey sealed that tomb.

Maybe.

All right, speaking of sealing the tomb, let's seal the tomb on this episode.

This has been part three.

We just have one episode left.

What is your top three?

The mind reels at what the top three episodes could be.

You're not asking me.

No, I know.

Okay.

Because you're looking at me.

This is hype.

Yeah.

Well, I like to look at you.

That's so wrong.

You.

I love to watch you leave.

All right.

That's it for this one.

Get the fuck out of here.

See you next time.

We'll see you next time on part four.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio.

Boom.

Dogom.

The Wolf Dead.

the Wolf Dead.

.
