♫♫♫♫ Part 2, part 2, gonna take you to part 2.

Can you believe it?

That's right, it's comedy bang bang, best of 2022.

We're putting the part 2 in 2022.

Scott, a lot of people said that after part 1, we would just call it a day.

We wouldn't have the nerve to show our faces again.

That's true.

But here we are.

Here we are, showing our podcast faces.

Oh, we're a bitch, we're a bitch and the bitch is back.

Showing our faces for podcasting.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah.

Get over it.

Get over it, we have ugly faces, who cares?

Sorry, we're ugly.

We're ungose.

Yeah, ugly people can be successful.

Yeah, deal with it.

Maybe we will too.

One of these days.

Welcome, welcome, welcome to best of comedy bang bang 2022.

Part 2, my name is Scott Ochreman and I am joined as ever since the early days of comedy bang bang with my compadre, my compatriot, Paul F. Tomkins is here.

Hi, Scott, do you consider me one of those here since the beginning people?

I think so, yeah.

I mean, I consider- It's the kind of about Jason Manzukas earlier and I was like, I wonder if Scott thinks I've been here since- I think you were probably predated, Jason.

Oh, I would think.

I think anyone who was delicious.

For those of you who are recent listeners, this show started in a radio station.

Can you believe it?

I think anyone- and that was a year, the first year.

I think anyone who was on it that first year that who came into the radio station, I consider that to be from the beginning.

That's the beginning.

Yes, anyone who was on after that?

Yeah.

Fucking newbies.

Lauren Lapkis, who's been doing it, I found the other day, I think 10 years.

I still think of her as new.

Still think of her as one of the newbies.

I hope she'll be able to do some episodes again soon.

I know. I mean, obviously, having her baby- What a wonderful say.

Has kept her- What?

No, forget it.

What did you say?

What did you want to say and what did you say?

I wanted to say what a wonderful way to say- What a wonderful say to us.

It loves her.

That's right.

I said, say it away.

And I ruined it.

I'm sorry, Paul.

And now it's like- If you want to- Who am I?

Do you want to- I want one, but I don't deserve it.

Well, let me find someone to give you one.

Yeah, find somebody who's worse than me.

Do you hear an ear wolf that can give Paul a hug?

You know what?

Can I say speaking of hugs?

Yeah.

And this is how I got here.

Yeah.

I follow an Instagram account called Ahindalu.

And it's this woman in South Korea.

I don't exactly know what she does for a living.

She might be famous.

I don't know.

She could be Instagram- Maybe.

But she has- the account is mainly her two little kids who are fucking- They're off the charts cute, right?

By the way, I saw Devin leave the control room.

I think he's coming to give you a hug.

No, he's still in there.

Oh, okay.

Their names are Ahin and Ra-you.

Mm-hmm.

Her children.

Oh, that was Kimmy.

She's here too.

I don't know what you're talking about.

No, she just- I saw her leaving.

She's been here the whole time, clearly.

Oh, wait.

Is she here right now?

Yeah, it's just- You're in the middle of the hurdle.

You're in the middle of the hurdle.

Um, so these kids are very adorable.

And last night- And I- And so, shout out to Brothy Gupta, a hilarious comedy writer.

She and I are big fans of Babies.

We will share Instagram- You hate them when they get how old?

Um, I think 4 is the cutoff.

Yeah, and then you hate- 4 and up.

Fuck that.

Ugh.

Get out of my face.

Um, but we share- So we share posts of cute babies with each other on a daily basis.

And we're both big fans of this account.

Last night, I had a dream that I was babysitting the younger baby, Ryu.

Wow.

And it was a fucking great dream.

Like in the dream, I was like, oh my god, it's Ryu from Instagram.

Hahaha.

And he was just as delightful in person.

Now did you have to do all the shitty things about babysitting?

Like- In my dream?

No!

No, it did all the fun stuff.

No, my dream was just friends.

Yes.

He was giggling.

I was making him laugh.

It was great.

Yeah, when you babysit for me, it's not going to be like that.

Oh, well, I got news for you.

It will be.

Okay.

You're not going to feed her- No, no, no.

You take care of all that before I get there.

Okay.

Make sure she's got all this shit and piss out.

All the throw-ups.

Wait, is here at Circumstance where you- you would feel okay- You babysitting?

He babysitting.

No.

Absolutely not.

Please not.

Never.

I would be- I'd be so scared.

I'd be so scared.

No, I think you'd be great at it.

I just- I can't imagine you wanting to do it.

That's why I don't think I would ever think of you.

I mean, when a baby is a lump, it's easy.

It's easier.

You know what I mean?

Maybe.

Well, because there's like- they just like sleep or they cry.

Yeah.

And you're dealing with those things.

No, the first two weeks I've found to be very overwhelming and I didn't realize those were the easy weeks.

We babysat once, Jenny and I have four friends of hers and since they had a- God, how old was the older one?

He was like- 18.

Four or five?

Something like that.

He was four feet five?

Yeah.

Wow.

Yeah.

He was probably- He was 18 years old.

He was 18 years old, okay.

Yeah, he was like- Dude, I gotta tell you, this is as tall as you get.

Sorry.

And they had a newborn and the newborn, they were just gonna go out- They just wanna like go out and have dinner and back.

I just wanted to go out- That's all they wanted to do.

To Mexico.

For a few days.

Never come back.

And so now we have these two kids.

But they- But so the baby just slept.

The more challenging thing was- I'm realizing her- I'm realizing her- Your baby's awake.

Your baby's awake.

No, I'm looking at that guy.

Oh yeah, of course.

Okay, we'll do that at the end.

Okay.

And the more challenging thing was the older child who we had to like keep entertained and you know, interact with in a way that it's like, Oh, this is a true glimpse into parenting where- Yeah.

A little kid- A little kid is bugging you.

Just talks about shit that you don't care about.

And you have to be invested in- But somehow you do care about it if they're your own kid.

But if you're babysitting- If you care about it more, yeah.

You may be more.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Maybe like one percent more.

But it was the repetition of things.

Oh my goodness.

That was like asking the same question over and over again, having to- Sounds like- Watch me do this thing.

Oh, too true, mofre.

Too true.

I'm on the front.

Save why.

We are doing the best of comedy bang bang and hopefully you've heard episode one.

What's going on on your watch?

Such as my watch is like- I'm sorry, I didn't understand what you said.

I'm like, I'm not fucking talking to you.

I'm fucking talking to you, bitch.

Stop eavesdropping on me.

Although it has to in order to like, because what's the word that triggers it?

But I don't have Siri set up on the watch.

I don't have like a hey Siri thing.

You know what I mean?

That doesn't trigger mine either.

Good.

I don't think I have it set up either.

I would never use it.

I'm not sure I understand.

Yeah.

You know why you don't understand?

Because I wasn't fucking talking to you.

You know what you don't understand?

Is how to mind your own fucking business.

Tell you what, dildo.

Don't jump into a conversation late.

Dildo.

Call your watch a dildo.

You're calling your dildo a what?

That was like, I feel like when I was in senior high school, that was a big burn to call somebody a dildo.

It's not a bad insult because it's not, I don't think it's offensive to any group of people.

No, it's not, but it implies that someone who uses a dildo is to be shamed.

Dildos are fun.

But it implies you are a dildo.

Yeah.

You're like the kind of thing that gives people pleasure.

It's like, well, thank you.

I suppose.

This is the best of 2022.

Hopefully you've heard part one, which came out on Monday.

This is part two.

On this episode, we are going to be counting down your choices for episodes 12, three, nine.

We said we're going to do it.

No, we're doing it.

We're going to crack the top 10 on this episode.

See the GT?

Yeah, incredible.

Paul, are you excited?

Scott, I have never been this excited in my life.

You're bouncing off the walls.

I can barely contain myself.

Incredible.

I'm biting my own hand so that I'll go nuts.

Paul, you hope to be in at least one episode.

You were in three the last episode.

Dang.

Yeah, pretty good.

We'll see how you do for the rest of the countdown, but are you ready to do it?

We're going to be hearing clips from these great comedy bang bang episodes.

Again, if this for some weird reasons is the first episode you're ever hearing, we are.

Best of part two.

Best of part there.

But the format of the show is I'm the host.

My name is Scott Augerman, and we have great comedians.

I'm the guest.

My name is Paula Tonkis.

We have great comedians like Paul F.

Tomkins on the show playing fake people, AKA characters.

And we're going to be hearing clips from these episodes and talking about the behind the scenes aspects of them.

So let's do it.

Paul, if you're ready, let us get into the very first clip of this part two episode.

This is your choice for episode number 12.

I'm not ready.

Number one, two.

All right, dad, you did say if I'm ready, and then you just we just played the clip.

Sorry.

I wasn't ready.

You said I'm not ready.

Is that what you said?

Yes.

Oh, sorry.

Now I have the bends.

Oh, no.

Yes.

Raptors of the deep.

All right, Paul, this is episode 735.

OK.

OK, so we're in the early approaching mid 700s.

Yeah.

This is from November 29, 2021, and this is the earliest episode eligible.

This is right after a Thanksgiving.

Yes.

This is the week after Thanksgiving of 2021.

This is the first episode eligible.

The previous best of we heard the final episode eligible.

Mm, interesting.

Interesting, isn't it?

Is it?

I'm not sure.

This is an episode entitled The Calvin's Triplets versus the Baxter Triplets.

Oh boy.

This is going to be silly.

That's true.

OK, so let's talk about the Calvin's Triplets.

The Calvin's Triplets started as the Calvin's twins, and this must be eight, nine years or so.

Must go.

Taren Killam from, and Paul Britton, who were on Saturday Night Live at the time, or maybe Paul had left already.

I'm not sure.

And Taren was still on it.

I think Paul had left already.

Paul had left already.

Yes.

But they're both, they both met on Saturday Night Live.

Taren was going to do the show and said, hey, can I do it with Paul?

I love Paul.

And I think I had never met Paul before.

I'm not sure.

But they both came in, and the way that episode worked is they had not planned anything out, and they looked at each other and said, what do you want to do?

And Taren said, I had an idea for maybe like horse trainers.

And Paul said, OK, let's do it.

And that was all.

And it turned into a classic app called The Calvin's Twins.

Absolutely.

Really, really funny episode where, and all of it was just come up within the moment by those guys, where they run a farm where they have horse fighting bouts.

Yes.

Horse boxing.

Horse boxing, yes.

The horses box each other to the death.

And we've done several more episodes since then where the lore of this has expanded, where they also, I believe it's a honey bee farm.

They also make Paul, by the way, is setting up something on the other side of the room and is forcing me to talk.

But that's good because I have a lot of information and grabbing the mic occasionally.

But they make a bee taffy.

That's right.

They make taffy.

And October is their taffy making season when they binge every episode of The Walking Dead, and then make all the taffy.

So we've done several episodes with them.

And then at one point, Taran and Paul said, hey, what if Ryan Gall, who's another really funny comedian and improviser that they knew and that I knew, who was on a show called Bajillion Dollar Properties with Paul.

He was one of the regulars with Paul.

That was number one on the call sheet.

You were number one, and he was probably seven or so?

I think so.

They said, hey, can he come on and do the show with us?

And so he played a long lost twin of theirs or a long lost brother.

And it turned into the triplets.

So the Calvin's triplets, they've done several episodes with us, and they're always really funny.

And on the previous episode to this, we mentioned the Baxter triplets.

Now the Baxter triplets were three women triplets who were their arch nemeses.

And we just mentioned them.

And I said, oh, we got to talk to them on a future episode.

I thought that we were going to bring in three other people to do it, but they decided to play them all themselves as well.

So keeping that glass ceiling firmly in place.

So you're going to hear Taran, Paul, and Ryan playing two characters a piece on these clips.

And one thing to note is in the first act, which we're not going to hear, we totally forgot the name of the triplets.

And so we took a guess of the Baxter triplets.

Yeah, we took a guess as to what they were, and we were wrong.

And we looked it up in the break and found out we were wrong.

So they changed names on this clip.

That's what we're going to hear.

This is your choice for episode number 12.

Number one, two.

But I guess what I mean to ask you about is in the news these days, a lot of people, and I believe a fellow podcaster amongst them, have been taking a certain cure or remedy.

Some people call it quackery or snake oil.

We just call it science.

It's been our livelihood.

You're talking, Scarlett, about avamectin.

Yes, that's how you say it.

That's it.

I've remectin.

Yeah, a lot of people have been taking that, which is a horse dewormer.

And there have been shortages out there in the world from what I hear, because so many people want to take it in order to cure their COVID.

That's right.

Not helpful.

Not helpful if you've got thousands of horses.

You got a deworm on your ranch downtown Tampa.

And they all have worms.

Your horses.

Is that part of the business?

Never.

Everyone's got worms.

Everybody got worms.

You could pull worms out of you right now if we wanted to.

How would you do it?

Like in how many steps?

I mean, three steps.

Okay, what are the steps?

Reach and grab and pull.

Okay, just reach grab and pull.

Reach grab and wear on my body.

Anywhere you can do that.

I got the chopsticks in my kit.

We could do it.

So what has been going on at the bee honey, horse fight fields then?

Are there just worms everywhere now?

Or?

Damn straight.

Oh yeah.

Worms just made his tremors.

Down the field.

As big as the tremors that the worms and tremors made?

God damn.

You got that right.

You'll be watching.

You got that right.

Wow.

Watching the horse out there in the field and all sudden from below.

Rumble, rumble, rumble.

You'll hear the rumble.

You'll see a little dirt path.

And all of a sudden that horse gets sucked down.

Down down down down.

Right on down.

God, how horrible.

Yeah.

Have you incorporated it into the actual fights or anything like that?

We're trying to get them to fight, but they don't pay attention like a horse does.

They don't.

That's the thing about it.

That's the thing about a giant tremor worm.

You know, if it's one in a million horses, that's a fighter.

Yeah, we've tried everything.

It's way more zeros on here for worms.

Yeah.

Stubbin as a worm.

That's the old cell.

Okay, right.

I've heard that as well.

As old as a worm.

We tried to hire the father from Family Ties.

Michael Gross.

Well, you know him just as his name on the show.

Yeah.

Mr. Keating.

Yeah, exactly.

Keating.

Right?

Keating.

Yeah.

Mr. Keating.

No.

Keating.

No, Haji.

Keating.

No, Jidoff.

No, Hart.

No, Soft.

Keating.

No, Jidoff.

Mr. Keating didn't.

Right, right?

So you tried to hire him and he turned it down flat or what?

He has not responded.

Oh, okay.

He's great.

Underrated.

Michael Gross.

Wood attack.

Yay, I'll try him.

Did they start that big or have they just gotten?

I mean, is that what happens if you don't have the ivermectin?

Well, that's the science behind ivermectin.

Oh.

Is that it maintains the size, it maintains a manageable size of microbiotic worms to not expand over a quick period of time in the super trimmer worms.

I see. So when they call it a D wormer, that's actually a misnomer.

It actually is just keeping them to be the same size.

A worm shrinker?

You could call it a worm shrinker.

A G-ringer.

So these giant worms are here and what happens when you cut a worm in half, doesn't it?

It just makes two worms, right?

I mean.

And I'll take credit for that.

I started, I was cutting those worms in half all over the place.

Not helpful.

And I thought, ah, get them all, get them all.

And now there's been a- Liz bitch.

Stop chopping.

There's got to be over what?

It just doubles really in a worm.

Exactly twice.

No.

Exponentially, because when you cut- Yeah, because I cut them.

I'd cut them.

Two, I'd cut them.

They'd grow, I'd cut them again.

There's well over a trillion.

And those are just growing by themselves.

Yeah, well they're eating.

I mean, they eat the taffy.

They eat the- They've been eating the taffy.

Oh no.

Left over taffy that we had left over after October.

So how was taffy season with all these worms there?

I did.

Wasn't great.

Nope.

They can't pay for it.

They don't got money.

They got nothing.

That's my- That's my- Maybe my only frustration with worms.

They don't got money.

It's their lack of financial stability.

You would think they would like open a bank or something.

I mean, these- These stuff seem very difficult for them to grab.

Listen, if you got a trillion worms, each of them got one dollar, you do the math, Scotland.

It sounds to me like the non-palandromic, one trillion dollars.

Yeah.

That's right.

Although I guess the palandromic of that would be one trillion and one dollars.

Yeah.

That's it.

So you just chop one more worm.

Okay.

Be careful not to chop it again.

That's what you're doing.

Bismissed up chopping.

Bismissed me got so chopped happy.

And he was chopped happy for the bit of- You were chopped happy?

Half a year.

Chop happy.

I did.

I've heard of that happening people.

I lost.

I saw chop.

For days, for weeks, I saw chop.

You saw chop, you say?

I saw chop.

I went chop in the head.

I saw chop everywhere.

I was chopping everything.

But so now the decker triplets who- They've changed their names.

They've changed their name to the Baxter Triplets.

Oh, man.

They rebrand it.

They're pig wrestling, caramel foms.

Oh, that's what they would have pig fights there?

They would have no pig wrestling.

It's pig wrestling in caramel country mark.

Yeah.

The Baxter, formerly known as- Deckard.

But they just put the FKA.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Like twigs.

Exactly.

Exactly like twigs.

I think they've stole it from twigs.

Oh, okay.

So Baxter, FKA.

FKA, decker triplets.

Right.

Pig wrestling and caramel country mark.

Country, was that last word they- Maw.

How do you spell that?

Maw.

No spell.

Not say.

Maw.

Sure.

Hey.

Okay.

Hey.

Okay.

Enough of the A's just got to whatever's next.

He got 10 stanzas.

We don't have time.

Maw.

Tea.

Oh, MART.

Oh, okay.

Thank you.

It's like you're French.

You're digging up the tea.

Maw.

You got to hang in there.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

You will laugh at him.

I laugh at him.

Something that just- He just boars my chops.

Get your parts.

I beg your pardon.

Just the Baxter, FKA, decker, pig wrestling, and caramel country MART.

That's been next door.

And just recap a little bit of what's- I mean, we- I guess we briefly mentioned them.

And of course we remember that their name was decker.

And- We briefly mentioned them on the last episode that you guys did.

They're your nemesis.

They're the whores of the devil.

Oh.

So the devil- So they're not like the spawn of the devil or anything.

They're just whores.

The devil is even worse.

Worse in the spawn.

The whores of the devil, what they've done to us in our business.

MART.

Okay.

What do they do?

I mean, how long have you known them?

They just- They encroached on our territory.

As you can imagine, there's a finite number of people who are enthusiasts of animal grappling- style sports.

Sure.

Yeah.

Well, what is that number?

In the central floor- In the area.

Because you guys are open every day.

That's right.

And we're spread thin enough with our two locations.

One floor to one in California.

Right.

That's the floor to one doing, by the way.

It's not great.

Yeah.

Why did you open it again?

I get it.

Well, when we merged- Oh, that's right.

With his business.

Damn.

We merged with business.

Just outside of Tampa.

What would it make more sense just to shut his down and then have you go over to this one?

Yeah.

You tried negotiating with him.

Well, the exact- And the plan was originally to just slowly plot after plot by the land between the two.

I have all the worlds- Only and longest.

Horse fighting, be hunting, Taffy fighting fields.

So just three thousand miles wide?

Is the grand loo is a best-boated tapper pretty much.

Very thin.

It's thin to thin, but it adds up.

It's still impressive square footage wise, but what these witches have gone and done, Scotland, they came to us and they said, Oh, we think you should franchise.

And we said, what's that?

And they said, we will pay you to use your name to open it.

We said, no woman's going to tell us our business.

And they were not happy about that.

They didn't like hearing that.

Within months, Scotland, since we last talked within months, they bought a thin ring of land completely around both of our horse and fawn.

No, it's not.

It's by feet wide.

Like the shape of a horse ain't as right around up.

And don't leave them without- Well, this is terrible.

So the Baxter FKA Decker- triplets have just taken a sledgehammer to your business.

And unlike Peter Gabriel taking sledgehammer to the top of the charts, Right.

This has just handicapped your business.

It won't be our testimony.

It'll be our destructimony.

Exactly.

But I would imagine, couldn't you somehow harness the power of the worms and maybe have them storm?

We've been trying.

I mean, that was all planned with Michael Gross.

Oh, you understand, Flair?

Turn this down.

As I recall in those tremors movies, he killed worms.

He didn't actually like ever- Well, that's- Are you telling me- So let me get this straight.

If you're a worm and Michael Gross shows up, and you know that he's famous for killing you, you're not going to listen to what he says?

Okay, I guess you're- Maybe that should have been the next tremors movies.

Him training them because they're so afraid of it?

Yeah.

How is that not been one of them yet?

He turns them against the US government.

It was the only conversation we actually had with Michael before he just ghosted us.

There was a screenplay called Tremor Down Now.

Was there any part of this?

She's a co-writer, a associate producer, so unfair the way that we've been treating it to- Oh, no.

Show business.

Not cool.

But yeah, Tremor Down Now.

Tremor Down Now.

Where Michael Gross's character from Tremors, harnesses the power of worms.

Okay.

It was more of like a sports movie, like a chariot of fire.

It was chariot of fire set in the world of tremors.

Oh, so wait, so he then takes those worms and races with them?

And to the warm olympics.

The warm olympics.

They win every category of the olympics.

Okay, so they're pole vaulting- Everything.

Everything.

Wow, of the warm olympics.

No, of the human olympics.

Oh, okay, they're version.

So the first act is them going to the warm olympics?

That's sort of the moral of it.

Is that you know what, at the end of the day, humans and worms, we ate that different.

Other than the money part of it.

Yeah, yeah.

And she and being chopped.

You don't want to chop a human.

Mm-hmm.

Sure, because the human- Boy, wouldn't that be great if someone chopped you in half and you just became another person?

The olympics, let's go.

I already got two brothers.

I don't need another Calvin's boy running around the fighting field.

Oh, can you imagine the Calvin's sex doublets?

Yeah.

Well, I wonder what that'd be like.

Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

Welcome to the Calvin's sex doublets.

Be hunting, taffy, horse fighting fields.

I'm Beverholepox.

And I'm Beverholepox.

Calm down now, Bever.

She gon' tell them what they're in for today.

Yeah, tell them all the Chico.

Will you stop?

Were you talking to me?

Were you talking to the other Chico when you said to stop?

Now, you're talking to your clone.

I'm talking to the Chico that I knew before the chop.

That sounds like me.

Everybody got a quiet down over there.

You're getting me all riled up and letting them do what they want.

Come on.

Oh, Bizbit, oh no, oh no.

Oh, no, Bizbit's fighting Bizbit.

Oh, they've locked horse necks.

Hey, they've locked horse necks.

Oh, no.

They're horse no not.

The horse' nageness is just synced.

I think he got that last line in right as we were fading out.

So the horse' nageness is synced up.

That's my takeaway from this.

There was a suction cut.

Oh, the suction cup.

Power of the anus.

That's right.

They became sort of like a, yeah, I remember that animated Nicktoon cat dog.

I do not.

I shared down.

Then it's not worth talking about.

Well, that would be horrible.

We don't want that at all.

So yeah.

But I don't want that.

Oh my gosh.

So the Baxter FKA Decker triplets, is there any chance that we could maybe talk to them about this?

Maybe kind of try to iron out some sort of a thing.

I mean, we could give them a call, right?

I guess.

Well, if you agree to be the mitigator, renovator, terminator, arbitrator, then yes.

OK, good.

I agree.

I agree to be at least two of those.

We can eat.

We can eat crow.

And we will try to reset.

OK.

All dynamic with these Baxter FKA.

Whoa, that's a bad word of stuff.

It's bad word of stuff.

That's a bad word of stuff.

Yeah, let me call them up on this.

Here we go.

Calling the Baxter FKA Dexter triplets at their pig wrestling in Caramo country mart, it's ringing.

And hopefully they'll pick up.

And this won't be another.

Hello.

Sorry.

Hello.

I got a bug in my throat.

This is the BFKD PWCCM.

Oh, hi.

Are you talking to Quita?

Oh, hi, Quita.

It's customer.

Quita, who is it?

I wanted the customer to give you a chat chat.

Quita, Quita, hi.

This is Scott.

This is Scott Ocarman of Mr. Show.

I don't know the show.

Who's Ocarman?

What show?

It's strange.

Quita, what show?

I don't know.

He says he's got something from a show.

OK, forget that.

I'm Scott Ocarman from Comedy Bang Bang.

Oh, Scott, Comedy Bang Bang.

Huh?

Comedy Bang Bang.

Is he going?

Yes.

Hello, Scott.

Hi.

Hello, Scott is Comedy Bang Bang.

Welcome to the BFKD PWCCM.

Yes.

How can I help you?

Well, by the way, I'm recording a podcast.

Is it all right if I record your voice?

Oh, free advertising.

Oh, yes.

OK, sure.

And are your sisters there, Tanya and Candy?

Oh, yes.

We're both here in the front office.

You're both here.

They're both here.

Oh, they're both here.

OK.

Yeah, OK.

And both of me now.

And you're French?

I am from the brother place.

The other place.

Oh, OK, good.

What are you selling him?

He wanted to give me the chat chat.

He said he'd do the podcast.

And he said he'd talk about his family.

He'd talk about the big wrestling and camera lines.

Oh, la la.

Is he famous, man?

Scott, may I ask you a question?

Please, yes.

Is your famous?

Podcast famous.

Podcast famous?

Yeah.

Have you heard of Conan O'Brien?

Yeah.

Conan O'Brien.

Is Conan?

You're Conan O'Brien?

No, but we're colleagues.

No, he's called him.

He's called him.

I can't tell you.

I have the machine on.

I got the other.

I got the Coney Bologna.

What machine do you have?

Hello?

Hi.

What machine do you have on?

Which one are you, by the way?

The Triple Blender.

Oh, the Triple Blender.

Oh, sorry.

Which sister are you?

Are you Candid?

You're Candid.

Oh, Candid.

Oh, OK.

I misheard the people who said what your name is.

Candid.

Who said my name?

Oh, well, we'll get to that in a second.

But I want to make sure that Tanya is also on.

Is your sister Tanya here?

What?

Tanya, Tanya.

What are you saying?

Pick up the facts on.

Get under the facts phone.

Hello.

This is Tanya.

Hi, Tanya.

This is.

Hello.

Hi.

So I have all three of you.

Great.

Scott, I forgot.

From Comedy Bang Bang.

Come with me, Mr. Shaw.

Mr. Shaw.

Scott, look at this.

You didn't know what I was saying.

I thought you said you did my show.

Oh, that was.

That was a common misconception when that show came out.

It's your show.

Yeah, this is your show.

OK.

Talk to a crazy person, but please buy some caramel.

Are you crazy?

I'm not great.

No.

I'm not crazy.

You're like two steps behind it all times.

It seems like you can't do that.

I have the machine on.

OK, turn off the triple blender, please.

Guys, and what I say, guys, I just mean you, the triplets.

The women.

The women that I'm talking to.

Gals, of course.

Yes, of course.

Maybe please say specifically gals, because being kids are confused.

Should you be in the room with anybody else?

I am in the room.

It's so coincidental that you said that.

I am in the room with three gentlemen right now.

Oh, you excited by that?

If they like caramel or big wrestling, yes, Lala?

I don't know if they like either of those things that has never come up in our conversations, but what has come up in our conversations is the fact that they are neighbors to you.

That's right.

I turned off the machine.

Oh, thank you.

Thank you, Candid.

God, Candid really needs to get on the same page with you.

Gals.

But I have three guys with me.

I have your neighbor's Bever, Chico, and Bisbee.

That's right.

I have the Cowden's triplets here.

Oh, you.

Ah, wait.

Oh, wait.

Guys, say hello to the gals.

Ah, they're dead.

Are they all on the phone?

Can they?

Are we on speaker phone?

Now you have the triple blender on.

Can you please turn it off?

Turn it off.

Oh, I'm inside you.

I was like, I missed the show.

And I was like, I got confused.

And I said, time to blame the Taffy.

And I turned it off.

OK, sorry about that, Scott.

No, no, we're still in the middle of the show.

You know, we're good right now.

I'll say hello.

I'll say hello to anybody who deserves it.

Oh, OK.

Well, if you don't mind, I'll pass on saying, oh, Bisbee.

Oh, that's not the way to start.

Hello, Queenie.

Hello, Tanya.

Hello, Candid.

Hello.

It's good to hear you.

There's a single case there in your little island.

LAUGHTER Is it?

Why are you laughing like that?

What's she saying?

Sorry, not that funny.

Sorry, I did find that funny in the horse.

That's a horse laugh right there.

That's a horse laugh.

OK, that horse laugh.

That horse laugh.

LAUGHTER You got a horse's Adam's apple put in as well.

The fact is lame.

Electively.

Yeah.

Number one, two.

OK.

Good clip.

This, of course, leads to all sorts of hijinks on the phone with the three guys playing two parts apiece.

We just are scratching the surface on this.

Really funny episode all the way through.

Taren and Paul moving expertly back and forth between voices and Ryan.

Sounds like somebody wasn't able to.

Ryan's struggling to remember how to do his own voice.

He totally forgot how to do his Bisbee voice.

And just started the episode.

And he said the first thing.

And it wasn't his voice.

But he normally doesn't.

We're like, what's wrong with you?

So he had to say he was sick.

What's wrong with you?

LAUGHTER By the way, we mentioned the worms that Obi-Ron Kenobi loves so much in that clip.

LAUGHTER He mentioned the worms.

So Obi-Ron actually probably would love, because they're giant worms.

Sure.

Over there at the horse fight.

Absolutely.

He would love it over there.

He would love the movie, Doom.

Only knew anything about pop culture.

Yeah, Andy doesn't.

Great clip.

I love those guys.

They all three came over together to my house the other night.

Because.

Like unexpectedly?

No.

We had planned it.

But because the books, the Comedy Bang Bang books, which are coming out in April of 2023, I got thousands and thousands of them sent to me.

And I signed all of them.

And I thought it would be really fun if various people in the show signed different ones.

And so all three of the Calvin's triplets came over and signed a big batch along with me.

And you don't know who you're going to get?

You don't know who you're going to get.

How many did I sign?

You signed thousands.

But half of the ones I did.

Yeah.

OK.

Yeah, you signed five boxes.

I did 10.

Wow.

Yeah, so you did a whole bunch of them.

We talked about it on three of them, I believe.

And it's really fun.

So if you bought a signed edition, it'll be me as well as at least one other person.

It's going to be fun.

It's going to be fun to see who you get.

OK.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we will be.

We're not going to crack the top 10 yet.

But I'll tell you what, we're going to crack the top 11.

I mean, that's not nothing.

That's not nothing.

Yeah.

So let's do it.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

What do I think about people who are out there saying, oh, they're not cracking the top 10 yet?

How many number have you cracked?

Yeah.

Do you know what I mean?

I know exactly what you mean.

I mean, I bet you've cracked some nuts.

Oh.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Because you're a nutcracker that came to life.

Exactly.

And you belong on the Isle of Mississippi Toys.

Yeah.

How about that portrayal of Santa Claus who's like, I'm banishing you.

Yeah.

Weird guy.

You're sentient toys.

That's weird enough.

You shouldn't be.

None of you should be alive.

Instead of putting you out of your misery by shooting you in the head, like the Yellowstone style, first scene of Yellowstone.

I feel like Rankin and Bass did not really consider all of the ramifications of the Isle of Mississippi Toys.

Yeah.

Where it's like, they're not there because, you know, this train has square wheels.

It's because you can fucking talk.

Exactly.

You can't be giving presents to children that are alive.

And we, and also, but what's weird about it is, it humanizes them to hear them talk.

You know how if you're ever kidnapped, you should be, you know, talking and talking about your love.

I like the Star Wars trilogy.

I like, I bought a favorite on the screen.

Anyway, Rankin and Bass work smarter, not harder.

Yeah.

I don't even know if they're working that hard.

By the way, I saw that speaking of a stop motion animation, saw that live at that Pinocchio.

Pinocchio is almost great.

It's beautiful.

Right here.

I was like, not for kids.

Yeah.

No kids allowed.

Well speaking of not for kids, why don't we crack the top 11?

Yeah.

We're going to do it.

This is your choice for episode number 11.

Number one, one.

All right, Paul, this is episode 767.

Oh, so this is in the mid to late 700s.

Say the early mid.

Oh, this is the early mid 700s.

Yeah, that's what I want.

This is definitely, I'll tell you what, it's definitely mid.

Ah, you dildo.

All right, this is an episode called from July 25, 2022.

Weird title.

There was a comment before I said call.

I apologize.

Called Fordham.

Fordham.

Oh, I know this one.

I bet you do, Paul, because you were there.

This has, Paul F. Tomkins, Lauren Lapkis and Mary Holland.

Oh.

So this is an episode.

Let's talk about the backstory of it a little bit.

Yeah.

So this was an episode where we heard the episode with Tatiana Miss Lonnie earlier.

This was the episode she was supposed to be on, and she canceled right before the show.

Remember how we said she was so nice?

She's not.

She's not nice.

No, a person who would cancel a show right before she does it.

Yeah, not nice.

This is our job.

You know what I mean?

You said you were going to do this, you went back on your word.

I call that liar.

I call that not nice.

Yeah.

Anyway, so she canceled approximately a half hour before the show.

She canceled with extreme prejudice.

And to her credit, she rescheduled, but all of us were.

Oh, she's the best.

We're all set to do the show.

And so we said, you know what?

We're going to do it anyway.

Yeah.

And in the A-block, where we usually talk to a celebrity, we are going to, it's going to be you, Paul, myself, and Lauren Lapkis, because we have a different show called.

You, Paul, of course, is my drag character.

And also your You Hall parody.

It works both.

It's weird to, I mean, most parodies are songs, but you have a trucking line.

A business, a trucking line.

And the thing is, is that all the trucks are in drag.

And they drag things as well, so.

Exactly.

You get it.

You, Paul, get it.

Yes.

So we said, OK, you know what?

We hosted another show called Freedom Together, which is there are no characters on.

It's just the three of us friends talking.

Me, Scott, and Lauren.

We said, let's be the celebrities at the top when we're going to talk about freedom at the top.

So we'll be ourselves.

We'll be our podcast.

So we did that as the top.

Anything more pathetic.

Promoting a podcast.

And then Mary came on playing a reporter who was just hit by a car, which I think was something that had just happened on live TV.

But none of us had seen the clip, and we didn't know what she was doing.

Yeah.

And then Lauren comes on.

This is where we're starting.

Lauren comes on playing a parody of someone she saw on Instagram, I think.

And we didn't know who that was either.

So we're going to hear that clip.

And then we're going to hear another clip where Paul F comes on as someone we have heard about previously on these best ofs.

Let's just hear the clip.

This is your episode number 11.

Number one.

One.

All right, we have to get to our next guest.

They have a special skill.

Never been on the show before.

Please welcome Carmine Delange.

I'm so excited to be here.

Hey, Carmine.

Hi, Carmine.

Great to meet you.

Hi, great to meet you.

This is Paul and Tom Ken.

We've actually met before.

Have we really?

Really?

I'd also met you before and I'd also met you if I remember exactly.

I'm sorry, Dorely.

I don't remember what you were.

That's so weird.

I mean, we've never even met.

Why me?

Just because you know what it is.

I never met a different man.

True.

That's true.

I'm not that so true.

I'm Carlo.

Carlo, was it?

Carmine.

I forget I've been watching The Bear.

Carmine.

I switched it around.

You can remember this by picturing your own car and going, ah, Carmine.

Thank you.

That's a handy and actual amount of money.

That's my idea.

His name is Carmine.

I'll never forget.

And when did we meet before?

We met it with 1998.

You were wearing a blue suit.

You had a blue shoes.

You had a blue hat.

You had a corn card.

What do we met?

You had a new book this day.

We're carrying a notebook and it was Thursday.

July 17th.

Oh my god.

Holy shit.

How do you, OK, when did we meet?

We met.

It was 1994.

It was a rainy.

That was a long time ago.

You were scared.

You were a ducking mind a car.

I said, I could help you.

You said, not if I help you first.

You stood up and it was actually a prank where you were actually turning prank people.

You were wearing a black shirt, a black pants, a black shoes, and a black hat.

I didn't remember this prank.

Your corn card pipe?

Couldn't afford one back then.

That was the idea.

He did not have a corn card.

It was before his big successes, but he would be able to afford all the corn card pipes.

I've watched every single one of them.

By the way, I've been watching all the successes.

I'm very happy for you.

Thank you so much.

So nice.

Carmine, when did you meet Haney?

The Carmine.

Haney, Haney.

Haney, that's my big name.

That's the wall.

Haney, Haney.

I was a teacher.

I was a man that when I was a teacher.

You were a sweet little girl.

You always had your hand picked out.

You were a pink shirt, pink pants, pink shoes, and a pink hat.

That's true.

All of us have matched on these days.

Yes.

Oh my God.

What was the end of the day, October 9th?

But the whole year, or did you just teach one day?

I taught one day.

I got fired.

The college one?

No, no, no.

That's an in an elementary school.

Or in high school.

That was a day before I got hit by the car.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

I wouldn't know because I left the school because I was fired because I had to go do other jobs.

Oh, so you didn't get fired?

I was fired because I had to go do other jobs.

You were fired because you were fired.

I knew I'd go do other jobs.

But you see, I remember so distinct.

And you're tomato remember me at all?

I mean, I remember the day that I said, I'm going to try a monochromatic outfit.

Yeah.

And I never felt fully secure, even with my pipe, which I was like smoking furiously.

I remember doing those pranks, but I never actually like met the people that I did the prank side.

But you did mean me, but you just didn't remember.

Okay.

I was probably so distracted because I was self-conscious that I didn't remember meeting anyone that day.

Do you have Mary Lou Hennard's disease?

I wouldn't call it a disease.

It's called a gift.

Okay, so you remember Mary Lou Hennard's.

Do you remember Hennard's?

Excuse me.

Is that your gift?

I gave Mary Lou Hennard a gift.

I gave her a while to give her four gifts.

I gave her an umbrella that turns inside out.

So it catches the range for later.

Oh, that's nice.

What a plan.

I gave her a pair of socks with my picture on them to be funny.

That was a little prank one.

I gave her a big set of pencils that were all huge.

That was not a prank.

That was a short loss of pencils.

So a big set of huge pencils.

I gave her a new doorknob because when I went to her house, I pulled the door out red off.

Wow.

Four gifts.

So those were like gift twenches of replacement.

Can I, I'm curious about the umbrella about where you saved the rain for later.

Yes, it's from Mocha.

So it's turned inside out.

So it's like, it's like kind of like you're holding a, like a bird bath kind of above your head.

You look very dumb.

Yeah, isn't it?

But, but, so dickhead, but it would get heavy, right?

It gets very good.

Depending on how much rain they're.

Well, because you stay outside and you go dump it in your plants.

So help them out.

If you want to stay over the bath.

Even though it's rain.

It rains in West Virginia.

Tell you right now.

It rains here too.

It rains in West Virginia is part of the local weather.

But I actually know that it rains rain more than ever this year than ever in, in, in West Virginia.

And it's been raining nonstop every single day in June.

And, you know, you know facts about places you aren't even.

I know the farmers all in that backwards and forwards.

I have a photograph of a memory.

Tell it to us backwards.

Backwards is right now today.

Today is 85.

What is today?

Oh my God.

That's scary.

Come on.

But it knows what happens in the future.

But it tells you what happens today.

It knows what.

Interesting.

I would predict generally given the same.

Right.

When eclipses are going to be.

It's like the.

Oh, no.

What happened?

I never knew how to use the almanac because I would look up words.

If I was trying to think of a word that's that you're trying to think of a word right now.

We can say that's like nice.

And what's what's another word that's like means nice but isn't that.

This is the sort.

I was looking at you all about kind.

Sweet.

Oh my God.

Loving.

Nice.

Oh, not friendly.

Friendly.

Open.

Giving.

Kind.

Nice.

Friendly.

Listen.

To listen.

A nice and audiobook to learn more vocabulary.

Wow.

That's impressive.

Really good.

I'll admit I was doubting it at first but that were a Mr.

Doubt a lot.

Mr.

Doubtfire.

Yep.

Your titular on fire.

Oh.

Didn't you see it drive by fruiting on your way?

I did see it drive by hit with her.

Oh, that's what it was.

Yeah.

I got the hick around.

Can we test you on things that have happened in the past?

Is that okay?

That's a good activity.

But many game shows, I made news shows.

I've been on Japanese.

Alright.

What was the third one?

Japanese.

September 23rd.

Uh-huh.

1985.

Oh, okay.

Yep.

It was a big day.

Well, so it was snowing.

It was day the week was.

It was Wednesday and it was snowing and it was very, very cold everywhere.

Everywhere.

Wow.

And it was, it's the alma, alma, I'm a max head.

But what happened to me that day?

I met three interesting people.

Tell us about all three of them or at least two of them.

Where they were.

I'll start with one.

Here's a butcher.

He had on a hat.

White.

And he had.

Let me guess the color of the rest of his clothes.

White.

Well, what are you?

A guessing guy?

You're the person who actually ate apron?

White shirt.

White apron.

White pants.

White shoes.

White gloves.

That's bull for a butcher.

White gloves.

But he was splattered in blood.

But I got, I met him and he said, please meet ya.

I'll never forget him.

And then I was supposed to be the sweet.

He was pretty out of dine.

I was gone.

I guess this batter was blood.

That's what made my skill so interesting.

Okay.

True.

And I was walking down the street and I went to a bakery and I got myself a croissant.

And I was talking to the baker.

And his name was the baker.

And he had on.

Let me tell you what he was.

His last name was Baker?

He had a tear.

I didn't put any tear on.

He had on a blue shirt, blue pants, blue shirt.

Oh.

Blue apron.

He started company.

This is an ad for Blue apron.

This is the longest ad we've ever done.

And if you want to use my cover for Blue apron, don't forget it's this code.

Now you always remember it.

That's the code.

And then I met him and he was so, he was so affable.

And I'll never forget that about him.

He was stilling so bad.

So when you meet an affable guy.

Where was the third person you met?

I met a candlestick maker.

He was making me a little candlestick out of a wax bug.

And he was just playing.

What?

A wax bug.

He was rolling, rolling, rolling.

Get your candles rolling.

He sang.

And I'll never forget how he sang it so beautifully.

He ran on tune.

And he had a perfect pitch.

And he was wearing.

He had on a striped hat, striped glasses, striped shirt.

What color were the stripes?

Striped shirt, striped scarf, striped pants, striped shoes, striped socks.

The stripes were red and white.

Red and white.

Like he works at Toy City or something.

Were the lenses of his glasses also striped?

Just the frames.

Okay.

The lenses were black.

Oh my God.

Like he was wearing sunglasses?

No.

Like he was blind.

But he wasn't.

Because he looked me right there.

He said, I love how you look.

So that you could tell.

Both physically and from what he said.

Wow.

What an interesting day.

I know.

Can you believe it?

I went home and I fucked my wife.

Okay.

Wow.

How old of a man are you, Caroline?

Backside.

How old of a man am I?

Yeah.

My age is one plus two plus three plus one plus three.

Oh, no.

We got three years up.

Wait, you're where you born?

Can I ask you that?

You must remember that.

You can't ask me that.

Do you remember the day you were born?

Do you remember that far back?

Yes, I do.

Oh, no.

Tell us about that.

My birthday is May 1.

The year is one nine four eight.

Ninety forty eight.

Wow.

You're really a dang.

You're in the 60.

Oh, no.

Why?

Do you remember that?

Why do I get it?

Because I have wrinkles.

Are you that vain?

You're like an ugly guy.

Scott.

You should have seen that.

You should have seen it with my wrinkles.

That's rude.

I'm just saying like you ain't know.

That's like when I remember thinking John Kerry was very unattractive and then he got a bunch of Botox.

Wow.

Look at this.

Yeah.

This hunk.

So I look better, better, better, better.

Yeah.

What was your question?

The day I was born.

Well, I was inside the, as you all know, when you're born, you're inside the vagina.

Yeah.

And I was inside the vagina.

And I was going, I think I want to get out.

But it's hot.

And the weather was muggy.

And I got.

The weather inside or the weather.

The weather inside is muggy.

We got our side.

It's so.

The.

Wasp buggy.

I always thought the word was deluggy.

That's the one thing I ever forgot.

Wow.

This is a big day.

Don't write this down.

So you remember you forgot.

Nobody write this down.

I know I never forgot anything before this.

I will remember that.

So, so you were inside.

And then did you see the light?

Did you like start crawling towards the light?

I started going squish my head down, down, down, down, down.

And then my mom was screaming, get the fuck out.

And I went, pop.

Goes the weasel.

And I came out with a parachute.

And I was saying that.

I was the placenta.

And I was like, pop.

Goes the weasel.

And you had a placenta parachute.

And I flended on the ground.

Really?

Yeah.

What?

You don't believe me?

Ask my mom.

Is she still on?

No.

You can't even fix it if you want to do.

Oh my God.

She died.

Tell us about that day.

What day was it?

Oh, I remember it like it was two days ago.

Oh my God.

How old was she?

Ninety-nine.

Okay.

So she had you in her thirties.

It was late for the time.

For the time, sure.

For the time.

But are you the first or the last of a big family?

I'm the 16th.

Or the everything.

16th child?

Yes.

That's true.

What do you get?

My brother's name is Damon.

My mother brother's name is Mike.

My other brother's name is Weasel.

My other brother's name is Scott.

My other brother's name is Danny.

My other brother's name is Koolock.

My other brother's name is Scott.

You just leave the room.

My other brother's name is Table.

My other brother's name is Mega Phone.

My other brother's name is Nat.

My other brother's name is Phone.

My other brother's name is Hat.

I think I'm name my brothers.

And that's how I'm at on that.

Wow.

She's telling the truth.

He is.

I'm an idiot.

It's an easy way to remember all your family members.

Oh, what's going on?

Hey Scott.

Oh.

What the?

What?

Charles?

Yes, me, Charles.

Classic, Charles?

Classic, Charles.

Oh my God, Charles.

How are you?

I'm good.

It's good to see you, man.

Are you still trapped here in the, you're all studios?

Do you know me?

You all know me.

No, no, me.

You're still the same old G.

I met this guy.

I met this guy once before.

You're mine.

Hi.

Charles, you remember meeting me?

Of course, we had a memorable meeting.

I did.

We had a memorable meeting.

We were wearing the same outfit.

Yes.

Great pants, great shirt, great hat, great gloves, great gloves.

Great glasses, great socks, great shoes, and of course, a great warm pop pipe.

Oh my God.

How long were you?

You were wearing the same old gourd pop pipe.

I don't think I'm- Make milk bubble.

Charles, I- Make milk bubble, we screamed.

Oh, I'm Saturday night long!

You came in on Saturday night long.

Yeah, Lord Michael's was walking by, so- Oh, no.

And Lord Santa, who?

Why did you give me a measure?

Lord Michael's was wearing a purple scarf, a purple shirt, a purple jacket, a purple pants, a purple shirt.

Purple socks too.

So I remember this episode who was hosting that you guys actually did the cold open.

Prince was hosting.

Prince was hosting and musical guys that we said, we have overshored stuff.

Yeah.

We didn't see this, so we blew milk bubbles out of our gourd go by.

People freaking went crazy for that.

Mate, of course I would remember that.

We got a 45 minute standing ovation after the day.

We got an apple bottom jeans.

Brute with the fur.

With the pearls.

The whole club was looking at hurl.

Oh, did that about?

Lo lo lo lo lo.

Hey, are you still there?

She's still dancing.

You know Haney Dilf?

Yeah, I used to watch West Virginia News on my pirate radio television.

You recognized me.

Oh, my God.

For if you don't know, Haney, Charles has been trapped in the ear wolf studios for five years or so.

Oh, no.

No.

That reference, by the way, since you've been trapped is no longer.

Well, I'm going to like that anymore.

Oh, what's your biggest fear when you're here?

When the lights go out, the bears creatures.

Is there ghosts?

I knew they'd ghost.

I'm not scared of ghosts.

Fuck them.

I'm scared of creatures.

Do you think we're ghosts, pinch us?

Yeah, pinch me right here.

Actually pinch me right here.

Ew.

It's all wet.

Pinch me right here.

Under nipples?

Yeah, but it's already right here.

Come on.

You're going to do it.

No.

Come on.

We're not going to twist your nipples.

Just do it if you want to know if I'm a ghost or not.

You're going to do it.

It's just pinch.

Yeah, pinch him.

I can't.

It's a good loophole, George.

Number one.

One.

There we go.

Classic Charles.

A full segment.

Full segment.

Never happened before.

Because Charles, I guess he's spoken.

So, Charles, talk about Charles.

We've talked about him on previous best steps, but he started as what?

He was born on the DVD commentaries for comedy bang bang.

And then, Charles was a character that I would do specifically to crash the show if I was here back when there would be a million shows here.

Yeah, four shows happening at the same time.

Yes.

Three at least.

And so, I'd do another podcast and then I would see you guys were in the studio and so I would come in and just be this guy.

Hey!

You'd open the door and...

What's going on, Scott?

Then, Charles, of course, has a very tiny windpipe.

He's very bad.

And that's why he sounds that way.

He's a dev-out Christian.

He's a fencing instructor.

Those are his three things.

And so, it would just be me.

I would come in and do that for like a couple seconds and then leave.

Yeah.

And it was fun.

It was fun.

And we decided to talk to him and we just heard it.

We just scratched the surface with it.

We heard about three minutes of Charles, but some really funny stuff.

That's a good episode.

We have...

And Mary was playing Haney Dilf.

She's the best at coming up with great character names.

She has great names.

And that was the only episode Lauren did this year.

I know.

She just doesn't have a ton of time, unfortunately, because she has so many podcast duties and so many terrible movies to watch.

I empathize.

I thought you were going to say terrible movies to be in.

No!

She's been in some good movies.

The between different movies.

She's...

And nothing else.

No, she's been working a ton and she has a baby in town.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So she would like...

I keep pitching her episodes to do.

And she's like, I wish I could, but I like I pitched her one the other day.

And she was like, I wish I could, but I'm here with Holly and I have a closet being put in.

She's putting a closet in her daughter and I think that's weird.

It's so straight.

Like you basically like...

It's one of those where you just press a button and it unlatches your surface.

Yeah, whole stomach.

Look, we all need more space.

I get it.

Not in babies.

Don't put a closet in a baby.

First of all, she's going to keep growing.

Yes, that closet will be your closet.

And hopefully you're going to steal.

Hopefully, but this is experimental surgery.

Alright, we're going to take a break.

We're on the cusp of cracking the top ten Paul.

That's got to be exciting.

See the TT.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we'll have more Best of Comedy Bang Bang 2022.

After this.

So, mind me, just singing away in a manger.

Away in a manger.

Now, crib for a bed.

A little Lord Jesus laid down his sweet head.

Hey, welcome back.

It is almost Christmas in three days.

Do you know the song New Kid in Town by George Strait?

Isn't there a New Kid in Town that's like...

Everybody's walking around the New Kid in town.

Is that a different song?

Oh, okay.

That's a different song.

What's the George Strait one?

The George Strait one, there's a New Kid in Town here in Bethlehem.

And it's like...

Hey, someone was born.

I think it's from the point of view of like the wise men or something.

And they're saying like, hey, uh...

Hey, somebody...

Anybody see you to save your own here.

We're updating the census.

And there's this guy who's like, uh, yeah.

A baby got born a couple blocks away in this barn.

I mean, he's in a manger?

He's a little...

Some kid.

Wow.

I agree.

We have to talk about this guy.

It's like, yes, the story of Christmas and Jesus' birth has been well told.

But now like, you know, 80th on the call sheet is getting his own song.

Exactly.

Here's an angle nobody's explored.

What if somebody didn't know who he was?

What if someone gave someone directions to him?

That's a song?

I don't like a billy oryx.

Okay, but please keep...

By the way, goin'.

By the way, George Strait.

It's trying a little hard.

You know what I mean?

It's like, okay, man.

We get it.

Hey, nobody was asking.

So calm down.

We are counting down the top 17 episodes of comedy bang bang 2022.

So many episodes we had to do a top 17 this year.

So many good episodes.

And did you find him?

I did.

It is exactly what we got.

It's exactly what I thought.

We're looking for the king, the new Messiah.

Old man, what'd you help us if he can?

Old man.

By the way, old men in songs, if you're going by this and you're going by the weight, they're not helpful.

No.

All they do is shake their heads no.

He pointed his hand.

There's a new kid in town.

He's lying in a manger down the road.

There's a new kid in town, but he's just another baby, I suppose.

Heaven knows there's a new kid in town here in Bethlehem.

I see you've traveled far, bearing treasures.

You say these gifts are for the new king's pleasure?

I read that a king might come, but now there hasn't been one.

So he's like, I've heard this is going to happen.

And I've been waiting for it and I'm religious because I mentioned heaven, but I don't give a shit.

I don't know.

But anyway, if you're looking for a baby, there is one that just got born down the road.

Wow.

So terrible song.

But if he turns out to be the baby, they'll like the Messiah, the Messiah, please come back and let me know.

I mean, well, they ghost him and they just forget about it.

He's like, well, guess it wasn't the case.

Also, I mean, so these three kings knew, right?

The three wise men.

They're like, are they the king's or wise men?

You know, I mean, because some people say they're kings.

We three kings.

Yeah, but then there's three wise men, but just because they're kings, they're wise.

Or are they wise kings, which is allowed?

Yeah.

But you drop this wise king.

So it's a puddle of murder.

So they know like Puddle of murder is my favorite band.

Oh, they're great.

The two thousand.

The puddle of mud cover band where they make them all Christmas songs.

If I can think of one puddle of mud song.

Oh, if only.

He and you an example.

But here's, they just cover the songs and the adjunct go bells.

That's all they get.

Okay.

So these guys, these astrologers, they're like, okay, this star says this baby's going to be born on this date and this place.

Let's go there, bring him a bunch of gifts.

And then nobody believed them, I guess, because then Jesus, it's not until easily getting his 30s.

The women people finally go like, you know what, I bet you're honest.

Yeah.

And it's only 12 guys.

And what are these?

What are these wise men doing?

Well, he's being crucified by the way.

Why don't they pop up as character witnesses?

Fucking guys.

I don't know.

The whole thing doesn't make sense.

You know what I was thinking about the other day.

I was singing jingle bells, Batman smells.

Yeah.

More Christmas songs should have Batman in them.

Well, but it's very pejorative.

You know what I mean?

Like they're, they're being, it's mean.

It's mean.

You're dragging him into Christmas.

You could be rehabilitated in other songs.

Okay.

Any name, any Christmas song.

Away in a manger.

The one we were just singing.

Yeah.

You said any.

All right.

Oh yeah.

I got Rusty Mary gentlemen.

Okay.

God, Rusty Mary Batman.

I mean, easy right there.

That's just easy picking.

Okay.

Then what else?

Talk about how he smells.

God, Rusty Mary Batman.

This guy really smells.

Now we will listen to a song named jingle bells.

Jingle bells.

Robin Bells from Meg.

Badmobil Law since we will joke.

Joker got away.

Hey.

Good stuff.

Um, also making light of a homicidal man here.

He's escaped.

Yeah.

He wasn't homicidal in those early comics.

No, he's just a goofball.

They were all just goofballs.

Yeah.

And now they're like, the Riddler is like snacking.

Snapping somebody's neck.

Yeah.

What?

Where's the riddle?

Knock knock.

Who's there?

Me snacking your neck.

You hitting the floor.

What has a snapped neck when it's hitting in front of me?

The answer at you.

Fun riddle.

I remember getting on a fortune cookie one time.

Well, Paul, we were going to.

Paul.

Hey, he just got a new girlfriend.

Paul.

We were going to crack the top 10, but instead we're going to take a little detour and we're going to play a.

Bop, bop, bop, bop, bop, bonerous.

Clip.

Really?

Yes.

You know why?

No.

Seventeen.

That's enough.

Scott, this is.

Presented.

That's true.

On the best ofs, we used to play bonus clips a lot.

We haven't in a few years because they've been jam-packed, but this year we had a little contest for people who bought the comedy bang bang book.

Now, know about this.

The comedy bang bang book is coming out in April.

We opened up a contest if you could prove that you bought the book, if you had the receipt or whatever, you could enter the contest.

If you have the receipts.

That's right.

These people had the receipts.

You could enter the contest and pick an episode that you would like to be featured in the best ofs and I would read what they wanted to say about the episode.

And so our winner was Eli Schwab from Woodland Hills, California, picked in a random drawing.

Hi, Eli.

And he picked as his episode that he wanted to highlight, he picked episode number seven hundred number.

Seven hundred and sixty three from June 27.

So this is in the mid-mid 700s.

Yeah, definitely.

And this is an episode called Star Tune Cartoon.

Familiar?

Yes, I remember now.

Yes, you are in it.

Yes.

This has some interesting people.

It is the show where we talk to interesting people.

That's true.

Now it is humanity's podcast and the animal kingdoms.

But this has these are the people involved.

Jack Quaid from Amazon's The Boys, Paul F. Tomkins, and Toni Newsom.

All three people who are on a little animated show called Star Trek Lower Decks.

Correct.

And I play a bird man.

You do.

This was an episode bird man.

Or the unexpected virtue of ignorance.

I watched his new or I turned on his new film.

I should say.

I turned on Bardo the other day.

Got three scenes in and I said, got to go.

I wish you had to go.

You had to pull a shimmy.

I pulled a shimmy.

Bardo.

So let's hear what Eli says about it.

Eli says this app was a warp speed laugh riot that could that's not even the great bird of the galaxy himself could have imagined.

Do you know who that is?

That is a Star Trek reference.

I don't know what it is.

But I know it is.

That was an affectionate nickname for Gene Roddenberry, the creator of Star Trek.

Okay.

So this is a Star Trek fan.

Jack PFT and Toni, aka Boimler, Miggly Mo.

Is that how you pronounce correct?

And the amazing Mariner are perfect guests.

I know they all left in some freaking insane characters came out, but damn man, Brock Lovett, Irna, and the most amazing thing, the ghost of Mack Rebenack, aka Dr. John, came back to assure us that we were in the right place and he was the right time, baby.

What a very professional sounding review.

Yes.

He went on and said some other stuff that I'm not going to read.

Like about January 6 was just the beginning.

Yeah.

But I'm ending it there.

But let's hear some clips from this episode.

This is a really fun one.

Absolutely.

He said everyone that is involved.

So let's just hear it.

This is your bonus clip.

So mad I missed the beginning.

He's an underwater deep sea diver, I believe.

Do you dive or do you just travel around?

Really?

Do you just go into the like sphere kind of thing?

What do you call that?

The undosphere?

Yeah, the undosphere.

It depends what the specific job is.

But yeah, sometimes I get out in the water by myself, but most times I'm in the undosphere.

So you're scooting around in the undosphere usually.

I don't call it scooting around.

Does that have like those carnival game pickup arms where you can pick up the treasure?

You know?

Carnival game pickup arms.

I know the kind where it's like you're directing with a joystick.

I know what you mean, but I want you to explain it more.

But does it have two of those and opposable thumbs in the rest so that you can pick up treasure on the bottom of the ocean?

I don't really need opposable thumbs on them.

It's not like he's going to open a beer or something.

Did you open a beer in the undosphere?

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

You just never gonna?

I mean, it's not wise.

That would be so cool to like find a beer, you know, like a beer that the Titanic, you know, just, you know, with some kind of...

I imagine the Titanic.

I'm sorry.

Oh boy.

But to use both of those two arms and crack open the beer, just be like, huh?

Of course we've done that.

Oh, okay.

It's fun.

I'm not gonna lie.

So you were, but you were lying earlier.

You were like, you never cracked open a beer in the undosphere.

Really holding his finger.

With the undosphere, sure.

With it.

Oh, no.

I take my job very seriously.

This is like what the definition of is is.

I allow myself to have a big cigar at the end of a big underwater treasure hunt.

If I am successful, if I'm not, I do not have that cigar.

Really?

Okay.

He also does sound a little like Bill Clinton.

So that it wasn't a completely...

Yeah, you say what?

I'm sick of hearing that, man.

I'm sorry.

Another bill is now.

I do not sound like Bill Clinton.

Start putting your thumb up like this.

He's from Arkansas from Texas, man.

Oh, that's right.

Let me introduce you.

Please.

He is...

He toodles around in the undosphere.

Stop.

You made it worse.

From scooting the toodling?

Come on, man.

But primarily, we know him as a treasure hunter.

That's right.

He's been on the show many times.

You may know him as the guy who almost found the...

The cordilomer.

Yes.

Yes, the cordilomer.

The cordilomer.

The jewel of the ocean, is that what it is?

The heart of the ocean.

He almost found it, but an old lady threw it off the side of a boat.

Please welcome back to the show Brock Lovett.

Yeah.

Hello.

She tricked me.

Yeah.

Never forget.

I'm glad she's dead.

She kept it underneath that frilly lace bodice that she was wearing.

Boddess.

Really lace bodice.

Why are you trying to say?

She kept it around her neck, right?

Yeah, it's a necklace.

And she didn't...

But no, I'm saying her dress.

Her nightgown.

Yeah, her night...

She was she wearing a nightgown.

There was a long time ago.

Back in the 90s, right?

Yeah.

It wasn't like memorizing what everyone was wearing.

When I'm trying to find treasure...

We turn around.

What am I wearing?

I don't care.

A barrel with straps.

That reminds me of the joke I sent in to Reader Digest when I was young.

Oh, man.

About a man walking down the road and he sees someone with a shirt he really likes.

He goes, hey, where'd you get that?

And the person says, J.C. Penny.

And then he walks down the road a little further.

He sees someone with pants he really likes.

He goes, hey, where'd you get that?

He says, J.C. Penny.

Then he sees someone walking down the road and he sees someone else with a barrel and two straps.

He goes, what's going on with you?

He goes, I'm J.C.

Penny.

Okay.

Let's walk through the problems.

Sure.

First of all, the delight on your face.

That's a problem.

Secondly, I mean, it's not clear.

It's still like at first it makes you think, well, wait, if he's J.C. Penny, why is the company doing so poorly when people are buying stuff from him?

And they're like, oh, no, no, he's just a guy named J.C.

What did he only?

Okay.

Now that I'm walking through it, it does have some issues.

So when.

Yeah, the ones I mentioned.

So no, no, but I have, I got one more, which is like, did, did J.C. Penny only have one shirt and one pair of pants to sell.

I guess so.

Was he waiting around for someone to come and be like, hey, you're combining the two problems into one problem.

So okay, the thing is what, what this guy's trying to say, right?

This little kid said it by the way, it did not, when you were a little kid, you wrote this.

Oh, yeah.

Well, I'm assuming I didn't write the joke, by the way, this is a heard the joke and said, I'll send it in.

Or did I write it?

I can't remember anyway.

Wow.

So I'm just going to go to the joke.

You said, no, this is readers.

Dijest would take all jokes that were old jokes.

How dare you.

And, but you had to.

They would take all jokes.

They would take all jokes, not my joke.

Any joke.

Any joke you've ever heard inside joke with your family?

Whatever.

We'll take it.

I'd like to think that one thing printed before.

There are.

Cares.

Literally rip out the pages and send it back to us.

I'd like to think that there are literal joke writers crafting jokes for readers digest.

I mean, those jokes got to come from somewhere like street jokes that people tell each other.

Yeah, street jokes.

Somebody has to like invent that, you know.

Yeah.

True.

I invented one when I was a kid, but I can't remember what it was.

You invented a street joke?

Why is this in that one?

It was long, but we in fact, my parents and I had a long discussion about the JCPenney one about would they print a brand name in reader's digest?

Really?

They were like, we might not get the rights.

That's probably why they didn't do it.

I just remember that.

Anyway, Brock, great to see you.

Great to see you.

I guess.

Thanks for coming.

Oh, yeah.

No, but what are you here for?

What's going on with you, Brock?

Have you found any new treasure?

No.

Oh, old treasure?

Wow.

I haven't found.

I mean, most treasure is old treasure.

Is that what you meant?

Did I find anything that became treasure in the last week?

Yeah.

No, usually it's like.

What's the newest treasure out there?

The no, that's a good question.

The newest treasure.

Microchips?

Yeah.

Microchips are no.

There's no microchip that's treasure yet.

Okay.

Sorry.

My pleasure.

Man, probably another 100 years.

Okay.

I'm talking the earliest microchips.

Okay, got you.

Like the one from the Delken Nerd.

70s or 80s or so.

What do you call those?

The Texas Instruments.

Yeah.

Right.

Those are 50 years old.

In 100 years, a Texas instrument microchip will be microchip.

I can't fucking talk today.

Man, I think you're micro-tripping right now.

I can't goddamn talk to that.

I'm not gonna talk to you.

I'm macro-tripping on the major level.

I've been macro-dosing lately.

You ever tried this?

Yeah, you take like a big amount of LSD and then you just take it?

Anyway, I'm a little down the dump because- Yeah, what's going on?

No old treasure, no new treasure?

What's happening?

I don't know where- I can't find any treasure lately.

Have you been going out into the water?

Yeah, of course I have.

You know that's my whole thing.

Yeah, because you like wet treasure.

I only like treasure that's underwater.

Under Deceit.

That's right.

That's where it's hotter.

I'm okay.

I'm sorry to- I feel like you're making light of my sad feelings.

No, I'm very annoyed with Scott.

Is there like some history- What is the reason you're here?

I admit, is there history?

I feel like if you listen to this show, you'll notice some people rightfully get very annoyed with him.

I wish Kel's home in the rear.

And other people have, I don't know, a different training, I guess.

And so they just treat all of his questions like they're real good questions.

Yeah.

I was answering his questions earlier.

Do I have good training?

I mean, I guess you do.

I mean, he's trying to derail you at every turn.

He's been to like publicity school and he's- I'm sure- Yeah, I have been to publicity school.

It's a four year program.

What, four years?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Four years, just wow.

Yeah, and there's a whole class on where there are any pranks pulled on the set.

There's another one about- Where are they by the way?

That is a question I- Describe the show in three words.

How do you balance work in family?

Who's the biggest prankster on the boys?

Is it Carl Urban?

Exactly right, actually.

Yeah, big time.

Thank you.

I like saying his name.

I thought that was a country guy, Carl Urban.

Carl, no, that's Keith Urban.

That's Keith Urban.

You don't think- Are they related?

Hold on, hold on.

Hold on, I'm having a flashback right now.

Everything's lining up.

Wait, isn't Keith Urban, is he married to- Nicole Kidman?

Is Carl Urban- Is he married to Natalie Kidman?

I've been working with Natalie Kidman this whole time.

Wait, why are they the same person?

I don't know.

I can't fucking talk to that.

Is he trying to contain the show?

I'm back from the show.

And I am with his trip.

To his parents?

Yeah.

Pretending he's married to her.

Hey, did you know Mrs. Dauphower is based on a book?

Yeah, I heard that.

That's blue mind mind.

Yeah.

Imagine reading that book.

Then he has to run into the other room and put on the makeup again.

But he only does it half-assed.

A full chapter on the drive by fruiting.

Breaking down the physics of it.

Do you think like in the book they're like, and the new husband who looks remarkably like Pierce Brosnan?

It's a big pitch.

Was he a husband?

I can't remember.

I've never seen that movie.

I think he was a boyfriend, was he not?

He was like trying to horn in.

Yeah, he was trying to horn in.

He saw an opportunity.

Did he- did they- Trying to horn in on this woman living her life?

Yeah.

Was it Sally Field?

Yeah.

It was.

Who ends up with her at the end?

I don't know.

It can't be they get back together.

I've never seen- No, she's like, no, I love you, Mrs. Dauphower.

Oh, so I'm in love with Mrs. Dauphower.

And they just bump nubs?

And they just bump nubs.

Whoa!

Are you sure that he would go so far into the character work that he would do something with his genitals?

Yeah.

He put on a latex prosthetic or something to make it look like.

I don't know.

That's time consuming.

It was crazy.

The whole thing is time consuming.

You don't think that what he did already is not time consuming?

I don't think that's what I'm saying.

And then on top of that, you're going to make fake genitals?

All the details are probably in the book.

On the off chance, your ex-wife always in love with you and wants to bump nubs.

I just don't see a gentleman.

Well, it's her first time on the show.

Please welcome Tearna.

Hi, Scott.

Thank you so much.

Hi, it's so great to hear you.

I believe- thank you.

The word that you're looking for is industry.

Industry.

Specter?

No.

James Bond?

Perhaps.

James Bond, working the spy specter.

I'm not sure.

I try not to watch things that are too scary.

But what I noticed about you is that you hesitated over the word business industry.

Because I think it's sector.

It's not.

What am I trying to say then?

Well, the business is legitimately concerning.

Sector.

I said that already.

Wow.

But that's okay.

I feel like- One of the things that I've learned- Sector.

From being in this room.

Tearna.

Is that sometimes you don't have the words that you need?

Well, I haven't had my words all day.

It's very difficult to talk this much for so many years without, you know, fucking up all the time.

I get it.

You might just start bleeding.

Yeah.

Oh, you might?

Yeah.

I hope that's not- I hope that's not- I hope that's not- Has that ever happened to you?

Oh, all the time.

Nice to meet you.

Oh, hi.

I'm Jack.

I'm going to do some cartoons.

Yep.

And it was nice then and it's nice again now.

Where did you meet Jack before?

I'm so sorry.

We met in two swimming pools- What?

Next to each other?

Oh, and we like met over the- I don't know.

Over the concrete?

Over the concrete divider?

Yeah.

It was made of bark, actually.

Oh.

It wasn't concrete because too many little kids hit their heads and lost their memories.

Hmm.

You know, I think I actually do remember this because I thought it was strange that, I mean, it was two equally sized pools that were right next to each other with a separator.

And I feel like- Oh, there were so many people in both pools.

It didn't seem- It was a COVID and a non-COVID pool.

It was a super spreader so that you could get it if you wanted.

Oh, I forgot about that super spreader event that I was invited to.

Oh, yeah.

You ended up going to the- Yeah, yeah.

It said like- Come join us for our super spreader event and I said RSVPDS.

I guess so did Tierna.

Wait, I had a question.

Please.

I want to know more about these kids that hit their heads and lost their memories.

Oh, it was a big to do the pay version.

Talked about it.

Yeah, she did too.

Who were these kids?

Oh, man, there were so many children from all over the province.

They all hit their heads, lost their memories, and then swimming pools were outlawed for 25 years.

You said province.

Is this in Canada?

This is in Canada.

Are we in Canada?

Not currently.

Oh, boy, I fell asleep on the plane, I guess.

Where did you think you were going?

Yeah, we were going to the border.

I thought I was going home.

And then, right back around.

I do go to the border often.

That's where I get several types of tulips.

You can't buy them all within your own country.

Like fireworks.

You know, when you go to Indiana for fireworks because they don't celebrate your state, that's how I am with different types of flowers.

When's the last time you got married?

Oh, okay.

What day is it today?

I'm worried that Tierna is one of these kids who hit her head on the pool.

I think so, but just...

I think she sounds cool.

Really?

No, she sounds cool.

She sounds cool.

I sound cool.

Honestly, she looks cool.

She looks cool.

Is it cool?

Yeah, I mean, just everything about her.

I sound and look itchy if you ask me because I am.

I feel it and I know it.

So there are few things in life that you know more than whether or not you have an itch.

That's true.

I mean, that's true.

If you have one, you're going to figure it out.

You'll figure it out fast.

Unless you have leprosy, right?

Well, hey, jealousy is...

That's how I feel whenever somebody has leprosy and I wish I did as well.

But you know, if wishes were horses, we'd all be cowboys.

So we have to figure out a way to be content within ourselves.

And that's what I'm here to eventually talk about.

Okay.

Yeah, interesting Tierna.

Yeah.

Guys, she needs help.

What?

Yeah.

I think she's on a roll.

Because she looks...

She's so cool.

She's very cool, very inching.

Oh, God.

The sunglasses?

Damn.

And when she took off the sunglasses, it's not even like a cooler.

And then when she put the sunglasses on her head, I was like, it can't get cooler.

Yeah.

But then she put them on her feet.

That's even cool.

I don't think they can work, but it only worked.

Yeah.

It worked.

Keep it all rough.

Anyway.

Well, anyway, singing in the rain.

The next person coming on the show.

Uh oh.

Yes, no, we...

It's best for...

I think for your self-esteem.

Same work.

If I do it.

Yeah.

So, you know this person from music in New Orleans where they made music, but they died, but they're back.

They died?

They died.

Oh no.

Is this a ghost?

Yeah.

And I'm scared of it.

I love that cage and lingo.

How's everybody going?

You would say at the beginning of every concert.

You go down to Bourbon Street at like 12 o'clock.

You hear a lot of how's it going?

How y'all going?

Well, I even say I forgot.

I can't talk today.

How's it going?

It's over time.

Yeah.

Hey, the ghost of Dr. John.

What's going on?

So, Rachel, you passed away relatively recently.

Yeah, relatively recently.

You remember when?

You know, I don't remember because...

What would you do?

I don't remember the time when I was passing away.

Because you don't remember the day of your own death.

No, it just suddenly happens to you, right?

No, it's just like, oh, uh oh, SpaghettiOs.

And you're out of here.

You don't remember the day you died?

No, no, I don't...

What's the last day you remember?

Yeah, last day I remember I was, uh...

I don't know, I was on a roof.

And I had just had like a nice, big yay in my head.

And I was going, get out of my property.

To some kids that kind of crossed over the wall.

I got a big wall on my property.

And I said, get out of here.

And I had to get on the roof because they were so tall.

And that's the last thing I remember before, you know, I woke up in this Astroplane.

Oh my God, so you died somehow being on a roof.

Yeah, and that's why I'm here today.

Oh, that's why you're here today.

Yeah, I mean, I got some unfinished business.

I got, I want to...

Will this help you ascend into the homeland?

Yeah, into the homeland.

Everybody's naked there, but nobody cares.

So, here's the deal.

Walt Disney Corporation.

Walt Disney Corporation told me I'd be out of the princess or the frog in Princess in the frog.

We've been up to a lot lately.

Yeah.

A lot of, a lot of tricky business, especially in Florida.

Oh man, don't even get me started.

I am up to date on current events.

I just can't remember the day that I die.

Okay, you should just go take...

I read the paper, the ghost paper every day.

Oh yeah.

Is that about ghosts or just four ghosts?

It's about ghosts.

Like, isn't there a column in the back that says, you know what, in the model world, this happened.

Like I know about like January since.

Instead of obituaries, do they have births?

Yeah, they're like, this person was born today.

They're going to cause some shit.

Mmm.

Eventually they'll get here.

Yeah.

Yeah, there's a lot of breaking stories about like, oh man.

They got poached by UTA.

Sometimes they just say what's been offered a role, which is why?

Yeah, it has to be like not even accepted.

Just like they've been offered the role.

Do you think that's to shame them into accepting it?

Yeah, like they're like, oh shoot, the ghost paper reported that I got to do it.

Yeah.

Well, were you ghosts all upset when that movie, Casper, came out?

Oh, pissed off.

Yeah, in the sixth sense.

In the movie, you were alive when that came out.

I was not currently dead when Casper was out.

Were you mad though?

I was mad when I became a ghost.

I was like, wait a second.

This is offense.

That was the first thing you thought of when you became a ghost.

Yeah, when I died, I did not remember what happened to me on that roof.

And then I said to myself, Casper was a little bit rough.

Yeah.

I was dead.

Well, you were upset that it didn't age well.

It didn't age well because.

I mean, obviously at the time, everyone loved it.

But then with the benefit of I'd say you look back.

They're like, wait a minute.

You couldn't make it today.

This is a family movie about a dead child.

It would be a real.

Oh, that was a really fun bonus clip.

We during that we found out that Tiana played by Tony Newsom was a malignant.

Apparently because she had come in shimmy style.

A malignant.

She'd come in shimmy style earlier as someone who loves talking about music because we were talking about music and right when we stopped talking about music, she left.

That's right.

And then she became she was Tierna.

You heard Tierna be a very confused individual.

We then established that she was a malignant.

If you haven't seen Malignant, check it out.

When she turned around, she was the other character.

I like Jack Quaid's commitment to doing characters.

Jack Quaid is another person we talked about Tatiana Maslani being a fan and then being on the show.

Jack was another person who I believe was a fan as a kid listening as a teenager.

And now he's been on the show and the first time he was on the show was to promote Star Trek.

And I never expect the celebrities to ever then do characters.

No, I mean, I can't.

I'm trying to think of anybody else who really does.

Every once in a rare while someone will say, you don't want me to do a character.

Do you want to go?

No, no, no, don't worry.

You just yourself.

They're very frightened of it.

But Jack was one with his very first episode.

He came on and said, okay, and then I'm going to come back and I'm going to be this character.

And he just really wanted to do another character.

And it's been great.

Every episode he's done, he's done a character on it.

And it's really fun.

Yeah, it's really fun to hear him do that.

And of course his catchphrase, how's everybody going?

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back, I promise we're going to crack the top 10.

Okay.

Are you happy now?

Dildos.

We'll see you.

We'll be right back with more comedy back.

I'm going to do this.

Comedy bang bang bang.

Oh man, we're back and we're.

Can you believe we're going to do it?

I can't believe it.

I mean, most best ofs are 10.

Oh, if you're lucky, if you're lucky, sometimes it'll be it'll be two.

That's a bad show.

Best of two claims.

We've done three episodes.

Let's do a best of.

Unsucked.

The other two are okay.

Here they are.

But we're going to crack the top 10 now.

This is so freaking awesome.

So look, the other seven that you've heard about, they're fine.

They're fine.

And you know what I wanted to say about the bonus clip.

I really, when that person got chosen by random, I was like, oh, let's see what they've chosen.

They chose that episode, a cartoon cartoon.

And I was like, well, it's not in the top 17.

And in fact, it was going to be number 22 is where it landed on the actual countdown.

But I listened back to it to pull the clip.

And in my opinion, it's just as good as any of the other episodes, like really funny stuff in it.

That's what was so good about this year was even the stuff that isn't in the top, that's why we did a top 17.

Yeah, but it's not.

But the top.

It's top 10 for a reason.

You know what I mean?

I know.

It's that people know of a top 10.

I know.

But there's so many good episodes is what I was trying to say.

Sure.

I could have done a top 50.

Oh, sure.

But that's what I mean.

Then you're talking about stupid.

Stupid.

That's every episode except for two.

Stupid and stupid.

Oh, as Mario would say.

As Mario says, stupid.

He butters it under his breath in Donkey Kong.

It's stupid though.

Even though that's Spanish.

I'm realizing now.

But hey, not a character from Mario to do something like that, I would say.

No.

Didn't in a recent of like the most recent Mario brothers game.

He says buff on the move.

Buff on the move.

Alright, let's just do it.

Let's crack the top 10.

This is your choice for episode number 10.

Number 10.

Oh, all right.

Now the numbers are normal too.

This is why top 10 is the best.

Yeah.

It's the most desired real estate in a countdown.

All right.

This is episode 765.

Okay, so we're in the mid to early 700s.

Early late 700s.

Early late 60s.

So far it's not so far from 750s.

Early late 700s.

I see what you're saying.

Yes, you're right.

This is from July 11th, 2022.

And this is an episode entitled Pirate Ship Energy.

Mm.

Pirate Ship Energy.

Let me tell you who's involved.

Do you have Adam Pally?

Yes.

Adam Pally, who people will know from Happy Endings as well as the show with John Gaboris who also was there.

They were promoting their show, which is called 101 Places to Party Before You Die.

I believe.

Correct.

And we have Lisa Gilroy.

There we go.

Dynamite lineup.

This was the episode Adam and John.

They have their TV show.

So John is usually comes on as his one character, Intern Geno.

He's done two other characters over the years, but once.

Once in England, he did one for Lord Dennis Mear or something.

I think for about five minutes.

Yeah, five or ten minutes.

And it was like, no, it's me, Geno.

They turn it in.

But he did do another character once.

One of the sports guys.

Yeah.

One of the sports guys.

Yeah, that was with, oh, who was it with?

I don't recall, but you can look it up.

Okay.

Paul, you can look it up.

Oh, welcome to do my own research.

But he was playing himself because he had a television show to promote.

So that was fun.

He did go do Geno during this episode, but he went and did Geno.

We're going to hear Ben Rogers doing Jack Furs.

Did I talk about Jack Furs?

Did he make the countdown before or?

I believe he has.

So I told the story of how Jack Furs came about, which was Ben auditioning for the Between Two Ferns movie.

The only thing we gave auditioners was you work for a local news station doing something that was in.

And he came in as a cameraman who very obviously, it was a Peter Parker situation, was taking pictures and video of vigilante named The Night Wolf.

So he's been on the show several times in the lore of The Night Wolf expands every time he's on the show.

It's such a funny character.

It's so funny.

It's such a great idea.

So we're going to hear some of that, some of the Jack Furs Night Wolf saga.

Then John Gabers is Geno and then Lisa Gilroy.

This is her first time on the countdown.

She's going to be Bethany water bottle.

And that's pretty crazy.

So we're going to hear two clips, Jack Furs and Bethany water bottle.

Let's hear it.

This is your number 10.

Number 10.

Let's talk to him.

He's been on the show before.

He's a photographer.

Welcome back to the show, Jack Furs.

Hey, Scott.

Hey, thanks so much for having me.

Great.

Yeah, I'm still in Blackberry salad before you came in here by me.

I love these metal.

Is that better?

Yeah.

A lot.

Crystal.

Great.

Great to see you, Jack.

This is Adam.

This is John.

How's it going?

Hey, if you guys ever need a camera person on the show, you know, I didn't talk to you.

You were talking to me like you were complaining about your camera guy I heard and I fucking nail that shit.

I mean, I mean, that's my, my job.

You're a photographer, but you're a videographer as well, right?

That's right.

More, I do more photojournalism.

Oh, nice.

Do you do have any like party photography?

Because we're hopefully going to be able to have a premiere party for the show and could you take some shots of that?

That'd be great.

Yeah, I could set up some cameras.

If it's a high crime area, you might want to look out.

I don't know where you're throwing this party, but a lot of these parties are in some pretty dicey locations.

And I'm sure you guys know what I'm talking about.

No, I don't and I don't want to know.

Well, this is a conversation I hear a lot from my uncle and I'm scared where this is going.

I don't know why that has anything to do with photojournalism.

I'm just following stories.

But you know, if it bleeds, it leads.

You cover the crime beat mainly as a thing.

I mostly do the crime beat.

Yeah, don't read into it too much.

Okay, that makes way more sense.

He makes way more sense.

He usually, I mean, you guys seem hopped up and I don't know what.

So maybe you're looking into things a little too much.

Adam and I got very high before we moved to figure it out.

Just a little.

I'm wearing a tie dye t-shirt so it gives off the impression.

Yeah, no, some of the other camera guys are into the tie dye shit.

Me not so much.

I, um, you know, let's cover the other guys.

Sorry to tie that.

Like wearing it.

They're appreciating.

They wear it.

They make it.

They sell it?

They sell it.

They're doing all sorts of crazy shit.

Some of these other fucking whack jobs I run into at the local stations.

I don't know how these guys look through a lens finder and find their own fucking feet.

Not like you though.

You're not a tie dye guy.

I'm not a tie dye guy.

Yeah, I don't have time for it.

Let's describe what it is for these guys.

It is time consuming to make.

Yeah, to buy.

To buy a pair.

Well, it's time consuming to wear.

You've been wearing that for about half an hour.

It's very time consuming.

We've been talking for 40 minutes.

You bought this shirt.

I've done 10 minutes.

A little too flashy.

It came in like Terminator.

I gave it fully naked and pulled that off a dead hippie.

When I shoot your guy's show.

Wait, I'm going to blow it in.

And thanks for bringing me a board.

I really needed a job.

You have no idea what your skill set is, but you have no idea how you are probably better than 50% of the people who are going to shoot.

What?

Are you Iotzy?

I'm in multiple unions.

And if not, I'm in good standing.

Alright, that's good.

I don't know what that means.

The interesting thing about your style is a lot of it.

It's sort of, I don't know what you would call a verite or something, but it's normally like, it seems like the camera is affixed to a building and stationary in a way.

Yeah, quite often the camera is kind of linked on a rooftop.

Right.

And just catching something in the frame.

Tension things that fly by like this guy, the night wolf.

I've talked about him before on this show.

Oh, yeah, you mentioned him on this show.

I won't get into it.

I'm not going to waste everybody's time, but there is a guy kind of cleaning up the streets a little bit called the night wolf and he's a bit of a vigilante.

And I don't know why anybody's not talking to him.

And it might be cool if he showed up on your show.

I've never heard of the night wolf.

Yeah.

Well, he's a loss.

You have.

Have you done your Los Angeles episode?

We have not done an L.A.

Oh, he would come up on the Los Angeles episode probably.

Probably be talking about him locally.

I had never heard of him.

Is this like a superpower thing or is it like a vengeance?

Yeah, it's kind of both.

Yeah.

Does he have superpowers?

I don't know that this has ever come up.

I think like magic.

As far as like courage goes in a way that's a bit of a superpower.

To me, I think his courageousness and his bravery is, and his intelligence perhaps.

But first, yeah, that's the point.

He seems smart as hell.

Is he even like mutate, like, can he like walk through walls or like or fly or is there any sort of like meta-fisty?

It's a mystery, Adam.

We don't really know.

You're just guessing at this point because you're in the media and you've caught him on tape a few times.

Yeah.

You're one of the only people who has mentioned magic magic magic magic.

I'm the only guy who's really been able to grab him and that's just so...

So a guy named Jack Fur is the only guy who's lost tonight.

Fur is the only guy who's lost tonight.

Oh, fur is okay.

Never mind that.

That's a fantasy.

Oh, man.

Well, I'm familiar with the surname Fertors.

Yeah, of course.

Have you heard about this guy, the cross-puzzler?

No, the cross-puzzler.

Yeah, really...

What is that?

Who's that?

Well, he's got me in a bit of trouble, Scott.

He sent these threatening puzzles to the mayor and some other city officials.

Yeah, Garcetti himself.

And they're full of, I guess if you answer these crossword puzzles, it's kind of a challenge to the night wolf.

If they would have answered them correctly, it would have really put the night wolf into the headlines.

But some of these questions, it's almost as if the cross-puzzler just put it into a computer program and it had multiple options and...

Ha!

They can kind of equal some pretty scary stuff and these guys thought their lives were threatened and somehow the federal authorities traced it back to me, Jack Fertz.

That's weird.

Yeah.

How did they trace it back to you?

I mean...

God, I don't know.

This is some sort of conspiracy.

Did the cross-puzzler, like, oh, this is a level that...

My cross-puzzler, by the way, is Jesus Christ.

Yeah.

I hope so.

He's always like, what do you look?

What do you think?

I don't think he's saying that thing out.

What do you think?

How does this thing work?

Ouch!

Bethany, you're a 14-year-old bully.

It's Bethany.

Bethany, you're a 14-year-old bully from...

It's Bethany.

Sorry, Stephanie.

Bethany.

That's what I said, didn't I?

Like Beth, like Bethlem.

That's what I said, Bethany.

Bethany.

Beth...

What am I saying wrong?

Bethany Warball, say it, pig.

Bethany Water Bottle.

All right, you got it.

Okay.

So you're a 14-year-old bully from the UK?

Yeah, from London town.

And who do you bully?

Everyone I can get me hands on.

You know why?

As I said before, government can't stop me, because I'm from the Water Bottle family.

My dad, the Sani.

My mum, Fuji.

My uncle, Avian.

You can't mess with us, can you?

They work well.

The cash and the water shop.

Their first names are the brands of all the water bottles.

Oh, sister.

Crystal, guys.

My other sister, Valley Spring.

Oh my God, you're so connected.

I know what sister is cheap.

There.

Excuse me.

Excuse me, pull down your trousers.

These...

Okay.

Let me touch the eyeball.

And I just use hands, Sani.

Oh!

There's a little burn for your pig.

Should I pull up my trousers now?

Why have more?

And trousers are pants, right?

I'm going to stop filming this.

LAUGHTER So you've come to our country to bully us?

What exactly?

I'm trying to get a handle on you.

What is it?

What exactly are you here for?

I guess I'm on a bullying rampage, because I can't be stopped.

And my family don't care, did I?

Everybody got a wobble name, except for me, Bethany adopted.

Yeah, what did you do?

Oh, so you were adopted, really?

Oh, I'm so sorry.

I'm not into the wobble crime family, so they wouldn't have to pay me real wages.

They'd be like a child laborer and all that, and it...

Huh!

So your family adopted you so they wouldn't have to pay you?

So they needed an employee.

They weren't dying for another child.

They already had your sister's arrowhead in Poland Spring.

Crystal Geiser.

So they wouldn't even give you a wrong one.

Crystal Geiser is one of the only fans accounts I follow.

She throws a tarp down and then makes a mess.

Excuse me, what do you say about my sister?

Put your trousers back on.

Okay, put it back on.

Jesus Christ.

Hey, put them up really hard.

I'm a little sweaty, so it's hard to pull them up and down that much.

Just get them stuck on.

Pull them up higher.

Higher.

Okay, how's this?

Does it hurt?

I feel like a high school offensive line coach with my shorts.

I got this...

...whoopa going.

Keep them up really high, and everyone else take your pants completely off and put them in my basket.

I'm not putting my pants in your basket.

Because I could tell you that it took me off a couple more times to better spare me, say, and take off your trousers.

You just take them off now.

Alright, here we go.

I've got random furry stuff underneath my pants.

Just to let everybody know, just like a weird one.

I lost the bet earlier this morning.

Oh, I understand.

Yeah, alright, let's take our panty.

Here we go.

Here we go, in the pants basket they are.

Alright, there we are.

I'm over here touching my own eyes.

I learned something I like over here.

Oh, these trousers stink tonight.

I mean, one of them I think does.

Okay.

That could be anybody.

I think it's you, Jack.

I'm wearing a lot of layers today.

I just guessed the weather wrong.

LA is crazy like that.

It's cold in the morning.

That's famous.

LA's famous for the weather being hard to nail down.

So, are you traveling to other countries to try to get a message out?

Or are you...

I mean, what are you doing while you're here?

And how long are you here?

So many questions.

Good question, scoot.

You know what I'm doing?

She's a fucking professional bully.

I mean, she's got cuts to the core.

Fuck.

I'm on a bullying rampage.

I guess because I've had my feeling to have it been really included in my family.

So, going on a world tour to cause as much pain as I've felt in it.

Years and years working in the factory for my family is an adopted little Bethany.

You know, in the top of a water bottle, how there's a little white lid on it.

Sure.

Speak when it's spoken to me, it just tells us back.

Come on.

Shit.

Okay, I'll put it in your back.

Those are Jack's trousers.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah, but all those stinky ones.

They smell like smoke bombs, just in my eye.

Now, Bethany, I had a quick question.

You said you work for the crime family in the water bottle factory?

The water bottle family is a bit of a crime family because they know the water supply is going to dry up and then they're going to be like the different sections of a mafia.

Oh.

But because they haven't given me a proper title, I'm just out here on my own.

Like I said, years of work in the factory putting a little white lid on.

But you know the part that's like the little ring around the white lid.

Yeah, the connective, the bed tears away.

When you're a bit tired.

The trousers up, round your neck.

Oh, God.

Now he's hard again.

Oh.

Well, that was my job.

I was a little bit.

I put my trousers around my neck.

No, you may not.

Just the belt.

Okay.

I was doing it anyway for kicks.

I was the only one in my family with fingers little enough to put the little ring around the top of the water bottle.

Oh, this is some snow piers or shit.

Getting there, working bones off.

Why aren't you, Bethany?

Can you blame me when I have to 10 years of that?

All I want to do is, oh, fisty, clap some impound, don't it?

Dick slaggers and trousers, huh?

You started doing that at the age of four.

Hey, your parents, is your dad dead?

Hey, you shouldn't ask someone that.

Oh, sorry.

Honey, you should ask.

Oh, no, the CBB curse strikes again.

Did he kill himself because his name was Fuji and that isn't a water bottle?

My dad's name's Fuji.

My dad's the son, he's my uncle, Evian.

My sister, Crystal, guys.

My other sister, Alex, bring me brother, tap.

Tap?

Oh, man, I hate to be tapped.

Tap?

No, what's the sad thing about tap?

Stoolborn.

Oh, but you still bring him up when people ask you about your family?

Well, no, he's not dead, is he?

Oh, he's still with Barn.

He's not sparkling, is what I'm saying.

Oh, I understand now.

Number 10.

Yes.

Wait, wasn't there a previous episode with Lisa?

No.

This is the first one?

Her first, she did one other episode this year which did not make the top step.

Sorry, I remember, yes.

Okay, I remember now I was confused.

It's an internal thing and of no concern to the listener.

You have cancer?

Yeah, I have internal cancer.

The worst guy.

No one can see it so they don't believe me.

Bob, I'm like that writer.

No, this is Lisa's debut on the countdown, crack him in the top 10 and yeah, very funny.

Lisa is a relatively new addition to the podcast.

She did one episode the year before with Christian Bruin.

Oh.

And maybe you?

I can't remember.

But definitely Christian.

No, because I met her for the first time recently.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So that was very funny and after those clips, by the way, Adam Pally then came back on his Johnny Depp who had just been called innocent or whatever you want.

She calls me on the door.

It's very funny.

The whole episode is very funny.

I mean, you got four great people who have great energy and everyone is funny.

Oh, it's like it's got a mistake.

Five great people.

Oh, who else was there?

You.

Oh, I forgot about that's right.

Forgot about Dre.

You're an important part of the show.

Oh, that's true.

Never forget it.

I won't forget it.

Do I do the show?

I immediately forgot.

Does he sing Jeremy?

I threw that new show the other day.

Someone had the exact same reaction.

I was like, does he sing Jeremy Piven?

Someone said, does he sing Jeremy Piven?

I was like, wow, it still works.

Why was he asking that in the first place?

I don't know.

I forget how it started.

What a weird thing to want to know.

It was Zach said it.

Oh, right.

Does he sing Jeremy Piven?

Who cares?

That's right.

Here's your answer.

Who gives a shit?

All these years later, let me give it a legitimate answer to your question.

Who cares?

Oh, good episode and good to hear from Lisa.

Who's been a great addition.

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back, we have one more clip to play.

We're in the top 10 now, baby.

We're about to crack the top nine.

Good stuff.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

Still here.

We're still here.

Still standing.

Better than we ever did.

We're still standing.

I watched that Elton John from Dodger Stadium show.

Did you watch that?

No, how was it?

It was good.

He's still is an amazing pianist.

He still sounds great.

Anytime he gets up to walk, he looks like he's in incredible pain.

Like a little infirm.

Yeah.

How old is he now?

152.

Oh, well, God bless him.

Yeah.

Pretty lady.

He was a famously got his stage name from sitting on a toilet.

What?

John.

No, I believe so.

What?

His name is Reggie something.

Reginald Dwight.

And he was trying to come up with a stage name and he was sitting on a toilet.

He's like John.

Heck, that's I refuse to believe.

And David Bowie was sitting on a Bowie knife.

So, you know, his real name, of course, David Jones.

That's right.

Davey Jones.

He couldn't be Davey Jones because of the monkeys.

Yes.

Where Davey Jones is real name is David Bowie.

He's still strange.

They could have just swabbed in themselves.

Yes.

They should talk to each other.

Yeah.

But they didn't have each other's number.

No.

Yeah.

No, they're both English though.

There were only there were not that many phones in England at the time.

So they might not.

If you've seen Downton Abbey, you know that episode where they finally install a phone.

They're like, why would anyone want to contact us at all?

There were three phones in 1967 in all of England.

Yeah.

And they all called each other all the time.

Even and then they didn't necessarily have anything to say to each other like each other.

But it's like, what are you what else are you going to do?

Yeah.

If you got this phone, exactly, it's like, uh, it's fun to talk on the phone.

Let's talk about.

Let's call one of the other two people who have phones.

God, I can't stand talking on my phone.

I used to love it.

I know.

You used it for hours.

Yes.

And now it's a worse thing.

Now if somebody calls me, I'm like, who's calling me?

Fuck would ever.

Ah, fun detour.

Yeah.

My mom called me.

Don't call me mom.

I'm assuming.

Don't call me mom.

I'm assuming it's bad news.

True.

Text me to give me a heads up that you just wanted to talk.

One of my sisters would leave.

She used to leave messages like that.

They were like, hey, call me when you can.

And it was never bad news, but it always sounded like, you know, I have to talk to you because someone has died.

I've not revealed this story, by the way.

You know, when I broke my ankle, I- This is a sclucy?

Famously, I've told the story on three of them of how I broke- A sclucy from UC.

Yes, of how I broke my ankle.

Yeah.

But I've never revealed this detail.

Right before the game of pickleball that I was playing, I got a text from my mom that said, we are in crisis mode over here.

You know, you do.

I did tell you this.

Okay, this is typical freedom.

We're in crisis mode.

Are you trying to fold away?

Just tell me this personally.

Maybe you did.

Okay.

And so I was distracted by that.

Because they're both older?

Yes.

I was like, oh no, and I wrote back what's going on.

And then I turned on my phone so I could hear if she happened to call or text or something.

But then I waited around for a bit.

I was like, okay, let's just start the game.

I broke my- I was playing pickleball.

I went for a ball.

I broke my ankle.

And the minute I did, I went, ah!

And suddenly she called.

And I had to hobble over to the phone to see what had happened to them.

And their printer had run out of paper.

Crisis!

On infinite printers!

So if you are a parent out there and an elderly parent, don't say you're in crisis mode.

No, when it's about a fucking printer.

Let me say this.

Very quickly, sports with the name Ball in them are- You can just get rid of the ball.

They're terribly named.

Basketball?

Absolutely.

There's always a ball in there.

Basketball earns it.

No, just call it basket.

I think basketball is okay.

But baseball, no.

Baseball will be better.

Oh, wait.

So you like the ball part?

You don't like the descriptor of what type of ball is?

I'm saying if you're going to be- Yeah, I'm just saying if you're going to- Basketball makes sense because it's like you throw this ball in the basket.

Baseball could have been called running bases, but that's a different game.

What about stadium ball?

Well then you're not- Yeah, okay.

Because you hit the ball into the stadium, much like you throw the ball into the basket for basketball.

Football should be called tackle.

Yeah.

It should just be called tackle.

Gold ball.

Mm.

Touchdown ball.

Touchdown ball?

Sure.

I like touchdown ball.

Touchdown ball.

Yeah.

Touchdown ball.

Hey, let's play some touchdown ball.

Touchdown ball.

But football doesn't make it any sense.

When they already knew there was another sport called football.

I know, and not only that, but you don't even fucking use your feet all that much.

One guy does.

One little guy does.

And not even well.

No, he sucks.

He sucks.

He fucking sucks.

He sucks.

Get rid of him.

All right.

Let's crack the top nine.

Here it is.

This is your choice for episode number nine.

Number nine.

Well, hey, here you.

All right.

This is an episode number 755.

Oh, we are really early in the mid early mids.

Yes.

And it's from May two 2022.

And I don't know if that says anything to you made a win.

What?

May to win 2022.

May to win.

No, may to win.

When he's in May to two 1159 on May two.

That's a long episode.

Start to 1201.

This is an episode called the 13th anniversary show.

Oh boy.

Yes.

You know these anniversary shows, they're bananas.

Some people say they should be excluded from competition because.

Because they're so packed.

They're so packed with people that it's hard not to vote for them.

But I'll tell you what I feel about that.

These two are not that high up on the countdown.

I mean, you had number 13 and number nine.

So I mean, I think that's pretty representative.

So I think they're funny.

I listened to them all.

I mean, of course, but I mean, they're so stacked that it's like, should they be, should they be excluded from competition?

Because I don't think so.

Okay.

That's all I'm asking.

I don't think so.

People love these episodes.

They're higher and sometimes they're lower.

I truly, I wish that we were able to throw the live episodes.

We did we did a 20 some odd live shows this year and they're all up on CBBworld.com.

And I was going to have a separate poll for what was your favorite live episode and it just didn't happen.

Plus, we're doing a top 17.

We have enough and a bonus.

We have enough stuff.

Some very defensive.

Fuck you.

You personally.

No, that's all it took.

All right.

This was the 13th anniversary show from May 2.

We had been in the backyard for now four months at this point.

And this was our first exposure.

Our first hypothermia.

This is our first in studio episode back after the backyard era.

We're going to hear a bunch of clips from this.

We're going to hear Dan Lippert as Bill Walton.

Okay.

These are the people involved.

At least some of them.

Dan Lippert.

Paul F is in it.

Hi.

Lily Sullivan.

Tim Balz.

Hey, go Wodum.

This is her first time on the countdown.

Sean Diston and Will Hines.

We're going to hear Bill Walton.

That's Dan Lippert as Bill Walton, the basketball announcer and former player.

Excuse me.

I was cough when I say Bill Walton.

Weird.

I didn't just end.

That's good.

Yep.

And we're going to hear from Big Chunky Bubbles.

That's Paul as Big Chunky Bubbles who is a soup artist, soup bubble artist.

Soup bubble artist.

We're going to hear Francesca Belene.

That's Lily Sullivan.

I'm so hungry right now and I wish I hadn't heard that name.

Well, hey, we're going to take a lunch break.

This is actually my stomach or a girl.

You have, I don't think we're going to hear a clip from this, but Tim Balz is doing a new character, Richie Castlebaum.

And then we're going to hear Eggo doing pasta pasta.

So let's hear those clips.

This is your number nine.

Number nine.

Please welcome back to the show Bill Walton.

Hello, Bill.

Oh, yeah.

13 and feeling me.

Turn down your phones, everyone.

Turn down your phones.

Wow.

How are you, Bill?

Oh, what a fantastic day.

What a fantastic 13th year.

I cannot wait.

I have already mangled my microphone stand.

You spoke so loud, the microphone stand broke.

Is that what happened?

Yes.

An old cartoon's when people sang opera glasses would shatter.

When I speak, microphone stands go slightly awry.

This is one of the great anniversaries, is it not?

One of the best anniversaries.

I hate to set you up here.

One of the best we've ever seen from the silver anniversary.

Which is one of my favorites.

Two.

Oh, let's see that today.

I know we all need to help out.

We all need to chip in the anniversary party.

Oh, yes.

One of the great slow played marvels of theater.

The fan written by, I believe, the fantastic.

Let me pull this name out real quick.

He did betrayal.

He's not a house painter, but you take off a letter and he's.

A house painter.

Oh, I'm sorry.

No, in the painter word.

Oh, yes.

Harold paint.

One of the great.

And we take a quick beat as the jokes would do if you're in the theater school.

Harold painter.

Pause.

One of the great painters.

Yes, one of the great painters.

But he did not paint houses.

He painted emotional trauma onto stage as played by some of the fantastics.

Not, not, not Joel Gray, of course.

Oh, one of the great grays.

From 50 Shades of Two to Zanademy.

Did she play Meiji?

Happy anniversary.

Lucky 13.

And many hamburgers to you, of course.

Big chunky bubbles.

That's my name.

I feel like I haven't spoken to you since perhaps a live episode three years ago before the pandemic.

I don't know.

I don't keep track of when I talk to you.

Surprise, surprise.

I don't keep track of that you talk to.

Well, my wife, my kids.

Give me the stats on your wife's chats.

Well, you know she's passed.

Oh, that's right.

What happened?

I still talk to her.

Oh, I see.

Do you make a trip out to the graveyard or do you just do it around the house?

Oh, fuck.

Which answer would you like to make fun of more?

Mr. Sensitive.

I just find it interesting that most people, you know, they think that if they're not in the graveyards, you know, like 10 feet radius of the actual.

How do you, 10 feet?

What do you, who's feet?

Six feet, sorry.

Who's standing six feet away from the grave to talk to it?

I mean, meaning they're six feet down.

What?

Six feet under my dear boy.

Yeah, I get that.

One of the great series finales of all time, wouldn't you say Scott?

Sure.

Six feet under.

I hope from the end of Lost, which we all loved to the beginning of Lost, which was a rally to my free time on Tuesday nights.

So big junkie bubbles.

How is your pandemic?

We haven't spoken since before.

How is my pandemic?

Yes.

What do you want me to ask?

Have you, have you gotten less good at interacting with people since quarantine?

You're trying to say that, of course it was bad and so why I'm even- Of course it was.

Well, that's not strictly true.

It was actually pretty good for me.

So that needs a good question.

Shut up.

Why was it good for you, big junkie bubbles?

Because I was- You don't have to say my whole stage name every time.

Sorry, P.C.D.

You can call me P.D.

That's my name.

Oh yeah, P.D.

I mean, P.D.

I mean, that's- P.D.

First of all, before we go into how your pandemic was, which I hear is pretty good, for new listeners, you are a- There can't be new listeners to this show.

No, we're just shedding listeners like the virus.

Like the uterine lining.

You are a person.

Why is that the first thing I think of when I hear the word shedding?

I don't have a period.

Why should I be thinking that?

Why is that rattling around in your nose?

I don't like it.

Oh, big junkie.

Everyone should be sympathetic to the shedding of the uterine lining.

Yeah.

It affects at least half of the world's population.

Well, it affects the other half of when you can have sex or not.

Oh, I had a little lesson about Scotty Boy not for Bill Walton.

I'm in there with a day and night shed or not.

It's not about sympathy.

It's just I don't want to think about it all the time.

All the time.

What the hell would I hear the word shedding?

How many times are people saying shedding?

I don't know a lot.

I know a lot of people who have snakes.

Okay.

That's another thing that I want to talk to you about at some point, but not today.

Sure.

But you are an artist.

You perform at children's parties or just parties.

I'm a children's entertainer.

And you, what, what distinct were you going to make?

I can't remember if you've performed at adult parties either, but you simply do children's parties.

I primarily a children's entertainer.

And you, you entertain them by making giant bubbles.

They're big, chunky bubbles.

That's right.

But then I make out of soups and stews.

Instead of soaps.

And I don't know.

Maybe there's a stews parallel as well.

Instead of soaps and soaps.

Stews?

I don't know.

But you really don't.

You're making soups and stews.

I, yes.

I'm making soups and stews.

Then I make bubbles from those stews and stews.

They are bigger and chuggier than any other bubble.

That's right.

And it doesn't- I know it is.

It doesn't go well.

You scalded.

Hey.

How many children have you scalded with you?

I have never, well.

With your piping hot soups.

I have hardly ever scalded in anyone.

Because I issue warnings at the top of the performance for people to stay back.

Also, I know what I'm doing.

It's my trade.

Right.

Yes.

So how many people?

How many- Five!

That's not bad for a whole career.

At one party or at five different parties?

At five?

At three different parties.

Three different parties.

So two at two of those parties.

You want me to give you the breakdown?

Yes, please.

Well, it would have to be two at- Two at one party.

Okay.

Two at another party.

Yeah.

One at the final party.

Yeah, what I said.

Yeah, exactly.

Okay.

At the final party?

Congrats.

Did you say the final party or are you not doing this?

The final party where somebody got scalded.

I am still in business.

You are.

Yeah.

So tell me about the pandemic.

What happened?

Why was it so grateful?

Well, at the wet markets in WUMA.

Oh, dear.

Oh, no.

Oh.

Oh, boy.

Wait, how much do you know?

Zero.

I mean, I know that the pandemic, they say it started there.

Well, the thing about wet markets is there's a lot of bubbles.

And bubbles pop.

I didn't think about that.

No, whatever it is.

So you were there.

No.

What?

What happened?

What do you mean?

Do you not know anything about the pandemic?

I was thinking that you were saying you were the person who brought it over here to the States.

Why would I?

Hey, let's say I was.

Why would I tell anyone?

So what are you trying to say?

I thought you were just completely ignorant of what happened.

Oh, I see you were going all the way back to the dance.

God damn it.

I hate you.

I hate you too.

Well, thankfully I've stopped using bat in all my recipes.

Oh, yes.

Okay.

Well, there was a period.

For Halloween, I wouldn't make a bat chowder.

Well, big chunky bubbles.

It's a pleasure to have.

Well, you're already winding down.

Why do you?

What else do you have?

What else do I have?

We went through so many detours.

Thanks to you talking about my grandmothers.

Let's get to what you want to get to.

That's what I want to let people know.

I'm going to be doing shows for grown-ups.

Yes!

This is unprecedented.

You've never done this.

That's right, Bill.

If you come to one of my shows, I'll make sure to stack up eight regular chairs for you to sit on.

Oh, baby, baby!

I got to say, it'll be edible or not.

Those suits are going in my mouth for second, but not the same.

No, sir.

Try and stop me.

Well, I started making new bubbles.

New shapes of bubbles?

New shapes.

Oh, okay.

Better.

Oh, he's suitable for adult hot.

Oh!

These are a little salty.

Boy!

Well, they're definitely salty.

I mean...

Your soups are...

I don't know why I still season them.

I don't need to.

Yeah, since they're not edible.

But what shapes are these?

The mind's reels when I think about it.

Well, I mean, you can imagine some of them right.

Like giant balls?

Oh!

Yes.

I mean, most bubbles look like giant testicles.

Yeah, but when you put two together...

Two together.

But the secret is you can have them interlock, because that's just two bubbles that are interlocking.

Right.

You have to make it...

The two bubbles have the same relationship to each other that human testicles would.

Right.

Okay.

Do you ever do just one ball and you're like, this is Hitler and you've got a big laugh?

Why would I ever introduce Hitler into the show?

Because you're a weirdo, BCB.

I'm a weirdo?

I haven't mentioned Hitler to you once.

He is a clergy person in the ministry trying to get out there and save people.

And also an enthusiast of a certain type of food.

Please welcome back to the show, Pasta Pasta.

Pasta Pasta.

Sorry, I can never know how...

Pasta Scott.

Never quite remember how to pronounce it.

And you say it like my identity is separate.

Also an enthusiast of pasta.

But I'm an enthusiast because I'm a pasta.

Right.

What's that track for your Scott?

I suppose so, yes, and I apologize.

I don't mean to offend you.

I don't know.

People said fusilli.

Fusilli.

Alright.

Now for those of you who haven't heard Pasta Pasta...

What the hell are you doing?

Yeah, go back and just pause this one.

I love you, that one heard.

Pause the episode and go back and listen to the others.

And your thing is basically you are a minister who also enjoys pasta.

Scott, why you acted like you didn't?

Scott, I didn't come here to be antagonistic with you.

Of course you didn't.

This seems inevitable.

Why you gotta act confused about my identity?

I'm not confused.

I'm...

Or am I getting the facts wrong?

You're getting the facts wrong.

What do you tell me?

What am I not saying?

I love pasta.

Right.

I'm also a pasta.

Right.

Who preaches about pasta.

Right.

Understand.

I understand it.

Yes, it's full circle.

Very good.

Are you doing this on Sundays?

I don't know if we've ever talked about what day you're out there.

Sundays, Saturdays.

Mmm.

Sometimes Wednesdays.

Yes.

Yeah, okay.

Other days I rest.

Okay, that's a lot of time off.

On the other four days he rested.

Yes.

I have always thought that being a minister or being a pastor or anything like that, like you're working one day a week.

Yeah.

It's a pretty sweet gig, right?

Well, no.

I would say it's not a sweet gig.

And honestly, Scott, I don't mean to bring the mood down here at this beautiful time.

Oh no.

We've been having so much fun.

We've been hearing music.

I don't think...

It's been music.

You heard a song.

You heard a fan.

The two fans.

Music and a song.

Okay.

Yeah.

Music is part of songs generally.

Sure.

Some say they're synonymous.

I would almost say that if a song came on and they're...

Oh, sorry.

You said you were good at Tony.

If a song came on and there wasn't music in it, I would pass.

You would just like a pillow?

No, there'd be music in that.

Okay, sure.

Okay.

Oh, you mean instrumentation?

Sure.

I do mean that.

Okay.

I like you today.

I like you too.

Okay, very...

It's good to have you on.

And you have something that you wanted to bring?

Well, this isn't so much a celebration, but maybe for my enemies.

Okay.

My doctor has told me I have 45 minutes to live.

No!

Yeah!

From now or from when he told you.

From now, he said the minute you step on and start talking on that podcast, you got 45 minutes to live.

This is like a speed situation.

This is a speed situation, Scott.

He said my cholesterol is so high.

From eating pasta?

From eating pasta.

And I said, I am not going to stop eating pasta over my dead body while I start eating pasta.

Yeah, you brought some...

You brought like...

Literally.

Yeah, you brought a whole bunch of to-go containers with you.

Different types of pasta.

I came here, the doctor told me, don't come here.

Right.

Tell me not to come here.

He said it's not good for my health or my blood pressure or my cholesterol.

Right.

I came here.

You still came anywhere.

Because I care, Scott.

Thank you so much.

I care about you.

I know we've had our differences, but I can't...

We're another one of these guys I haven't really liked all that much.

But we don't work together.

I come here gratees.

Yes, that's true.

And yeah.

I come here gratees.

Everybody else come and gratees?

Anybody getting paid?

Hey, when you're in the kitchen and you're making some gratees.

Oh.

You're an asshole.

Wow.

How do you like it?

The enemy of my enemy is my friend, I thought.

I'm just coming out and saying...

You don't have much time left on this earth.

I don't...

I don't have much time left on this earth.

I never knew you could be that way.

I never knew you could hurt me.

I never knew you could be that way.

I never knew you could hurt me.

Time to build a fire.

Time to light it up.

Time to let it burn right on the man.

It's time to stop.

Time to build a fire.

Time to light it up.

Time to let it burn right on the man.

It's time to stop.

Time to feed the fire.

Time to fill your cup.

And heat it up within.

It's never gonna stop.

Time to feed the fire.

Time to fill your cup.

The world will keep on turning.

It's never gonna stop.

Time to let it burn right on the man.
