---
layout: page
title: Best of 2012 Pt 1 [15844⧸21076].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

What are the best comedy bang bang clips of 2012 as voted on by you?

Well, we'll find out at least find out five of them here on this very special Best of 2012 episode.

All of that and more on today's...

♪♪♪♪♪ Hey everybody, welcome to the show.

So this is Comedy Bang Bang, a very special episode of Comedy Bang Bang, part one of our 2012 Best of Spectaculars.

And if this is your first time listening to the show, let me imagine what's happening.

You... it's Christmas, you unwrapped your present.

Mommy and Daddy, hopefully, I pray that you're Mommy and Daddy, you're still together.

Because that's the only way to raise a family in my opinion.

If this is your first time listening to the show, I do not mean that.

Maybe Mommy and Mommy gave you something.

Maybe Daddy and Daddy. I don't know, any combination of two people, but I think two is really important.

Single parenting, I'm not a fan of.

Again, I don't mean that.

But someone gave you a present, be it a new iPad, iPod, I don't know anymore.

And you figured out how to... you were like searching around and you said, Ooh, podcast, this looks good. And you heard about the show.

Maybe you saw our TV show. We have a TV show on IFC, the Comedy Bang Bang TV show, which the first season of which premiered last year.

You can check that out on iTunes as well.

But you found this, you looked at all the guests on our program and you said, God, look at this, there's 180 some odd shows.

How do I do it? How do I start? I have no idea where to begin and then all of a sudden something caught your eye.

Best of? Well, I mean, hey, why not start with the best?

Simply the best, as they once said.

So I think you're a smart, savvy person knowing exactly which episode to start with.

And basically what we're going to do is every year we have our listeners vote on their 10 favorite episodes.

We tally up the episodes and we give you the highest ranking.

I mean, that's the only way to do it, in my opinion, give you the highest.

You know, so we give you 10, we start off with 10 and we count all the way down to 1.

And now this particular episode you're going to hear today, we start at 10 and we're going to count down to 6, along with a few bonus clips in the middle of great moments that didn't quite make the top 10.

But that's why you're going to hear today and next Monday we're going to count down from 5 to 1.

So it's going to be a really fun show today. Some great clips. I think this was a great year.

And you're really going to enjoy this, especially if it's your first time hearing any of these.

Now, speaking of the first time hearing any of these, let me introduce a person who has not been on the show the entire year.

He hasn't been on since the best of last year. So he has not heard any of these clips, I'm guessing.

Please welcome comedian Rakan tour on the Esquire best dressed list for this year.

I'm imagining if I'm just guessing at what he's wearing right now, he's wearing a knit tie, which I haven't seen one of those since 1986, I believe.

Yes, wait till you hear where it's from 1986.

Well, you know you've ruined the surprise.

But please welcome Paul if Tomkins.

Oh, Scott, I am pleased to make, I think is what, my fourth appearance on the show?

I think so, yeah, you're hardly ever on, but you're a friend of the show.

Yeah, well, I do enjoy the show, I'm a big fan.

And I'm glad I can always manage to squeeze it into my schedule to visit you.

Especially at the end of the year.

Yeah, I think you made a mid-year visit one time.

That was weird. Never again.

I didn't care for it.

It felt weird, uncomfortable.

A little straight, I mean, especially like it was a hotter month as I recall.

To see you not in your suits was scary to be.

You were wearing some sort of a tank top.

I was wearing this, it's this shirt that's great.

If you have a wife who doesn't listen.

Mmm.

And you need to say no more.

You know what I'm saying.

I'm on board, yeah.

This is a shirt that's designed for the active husband.

The husband on the go?

The active husband with a violent temper.

Oh, sure.

What exactly does this shirt say?

Well, it's a wife beater.

Oh, I see.

That's what it's called.

This is the type of shirt that it is.

I know a lot about garments in their terms.

Okay, I understand.

I thought it was a tank top with lettering on it that said, shut up bitch or something.

Oh, my word.

Well, who?

Hi, look, I'm a gentleman.

I only beat my wife.

I'm using that kind of language.

I'm mainly extremely violent.

But the language lasts forever.

Some scars don't.

Bruce has fade away.

That's right.

Paul, welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for being here.

Thank you for well you weren't done.

Period.

Thank you for having me.

It's a pleasure to be here.

As always, I look forward to this, not all year round.

But when you remind me that it's time to do the best of, I start looking forward to doing it to me.

Ah, yes, which was about three days ago, as I recall.

That's right.

I got all excited about it.

Yeah, well, this is an exciting time of year.

We had a great year, I think.

You did.

And congratulations on all your success.

Thank you so much.

And it's really due to the talent I think that you're going to hear on these clips.

Oh, definitely 100%.

We have fan, such great people did this show.

It is you can take little to no credit for the success of the show.

Oh, yeah, I don't believe you me.

We have great talent.

I mean, the stars that are on this episode just today.

More next week.

More stars than there are in the firmament.

Mm-hmm.

Or in the firm.

I mean, you had Tom Cruise, Wilford Brimley?

Yeah, I mean, that cast maxed out at a certain point.

And I think there's more people that have been on the show than were in the cast of the firm.

The firm, yeah.

How many people are in a movie?

Would you say not counting extras?

Thirty?

Let's not count extras.

Speaking roles, I mean, speaking roles, I'm going to say thirty.

Thirty people.

I think it's a rule.

That's right.

It's a sag role.

It's a sag.

Anything more than that in your budget is 200 million more.

Scott, for the flyovers, sag stands for Screen Actors Guildatory.

Oh, it is?

Yes.

Oh, my God.

What do you think it stood for?

It's a sag, you know, like, you know, it's about old actresses, you know?

Not these days.

No, with all of them going to Doctor 90210, so forth.

Tell me about it.

Or Doctor 90201, just in the next zip code over.

Oh, yeah.

He didn't get a great Beverly Hills address.

Oh, that's good work.

Yeah.

Paul, are you excited to hear what clips we have here for the listeners today?

Yeah, of course I am.

Why are you questioning me?

I mean, I already told you I was looking forward to this.

I know, but there's a difference between being looking forward to something and being excited about the clips.

I feel like you're trying to catch me out or something like...

This is gotcha journalism.

Why are you holding my feet to the fire?

You're like Helen Thomas.

All right.

You passed.

All right.

Well, I'm glad that I passed the test.

Well, let's get to it.

What are you saying?

All right.

Fucking shit.

Oh, my gosh.

Well, you got her.

You used that language, bro.

This is, of course, number 10.

Number 10.

All right.

Our 10th clip coming at you here is from episode 174.

Oh, I think I know this one after you say it.

Yeah.

At this point, we had already done 173 shows and we said, hey, let's do another one.

So you know which one it is for that.

Was that a tough decision?

It really was.

I'm usually a 173 and out kind of guy.

Yeah.

Like, who did you discuss that with?

I prayed for a long time.

Of course you prayed on it.

Of course I discussed it with my family.

Your wife Koolop.

Yes.

And our two children.

Oh.

Malia and Julia.

Julia, of course, who played Erkel on Family Matters.

Right.

Yeah, we adopted him when he was 28 years old.

That's right.

Well, he's an orphan.

Yeah.

He was.

Oh, a dirty filthy orphan, which is how we ended up on that show.

That's right.

A TV show took him in.

Yes.

And as all sorts of rules about orphans, if an orphan shows up at a studio, you have to adopt him onto the show.

Yeah.

But, and now I know when people in the audience are thinking, oh, I'll just dress up in rags and tatters, show up there and begin my acting career.

You have to be a real orphan and they will know.

They check.

Well, you have to have your orphan credentials.

Yeah.

And not only that, if you're not an orphan, they kill your parents.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

So you will be an orphan.

They make you an orphan and then you were cast out.

Yep.

Into the desert.

From the active.

To the desert.

They also blind you.

They give you a recipe for locust and honey.

So you know, don't try to think you're going to get into show business guys because we're already here.

You can't fake orphan credentials because of the hologram.

So this was an.

You can fake orphan credentials though.

Yes, of course.

If you just want to show up and exterminate bugs in people's homes just for the hell of it, it's very easy to pay for.

People don't mind.

No, they don't.

Especially if they don't require payment.

It's the, it's the most successful impostery of all time.

This is from an episode 174 called series regulars.

Is that ringing any bells for you, Paul F. Tomkins?

Ring any bells for me.

As listener of the show.

Does it R&B's?

Mm-hmm.

Which is what R&B music.

That's how they came up with that title.

Because it rang people's bells.

And it had so many bells in the songs.

And also Richard Bells are the bells himself.

Of course.

Has many albums.

That's right.

He, he, he's a prolific R&B producer.

That's right.

A lot of people don't know about his wall of sound.

Yes.

He, he built a wall of sound.

W-H-A-L-L.

And that's where he did all those great Keith Sweat albums.

R&D Juice Jones.

Mm.

Love him.

Boys Two Men.

Oh, yeah.

Which, they're called that because there were only two, there were two boys and two men in that group.

Yeah.

It was two full grown adults.

Mm-hmm.

And then two six year old children.

Originally, they had a semicolon in their name.

Yes.

Two semicolons.

Boys, colon, two, colon, men.

Just just fully separated and let you know what you're in for.

The weird thing is that the six year old was the bass guy in that.

Yeah.

He, he was the product.

He does the monologue and I'll make love to you.

Yeah.

Also an orphan.

Yeah.

Also an orphan.

Yeah.

Also an orphan, which is how he got in anyway.

There's so much show business history.

Yeah.

I'd either hear it or there.

I feel, we haven't even gotten to our first clip yet.

Series regular.

I mean, the title is familiar.

This episode starred Lizzie Kaplan.

Lizzie Kaplan from Party Down from so many great movies.

Series been a series regular on Party Down.

Cloverfield.

Series regular on Cloverfield, the movie.

That's right.

And this episode also has comedians Nick Croll who is upcoming on the Nick Croll show on Comedy Central out in a few weeks on Comedy Central.

You should check that out.

And also John Mulaney who from Saturday Night Live, he was the writer on that and also on Weekend Update.

That's right.

Has a great album.

Comedy album that came out last year.

Very funny young comedian.

Now all of a sudden in the middle of the show, those guys left.

Those two left.

Lizzie stuck around.

Wait, this sounds familiar now.

Yes.

And all of a sudden two weirdos came in.

I'm, Scott, I remember this clear as day now.

I was so excited to listen to Lizzie along with two of my favorite comedians.

And then those guys left and I was like, oh, now what?

Those weirdos showed up and I was like, these guys are weirdos.

If you've never heard the show before.

They like weird things.

They eat weird Cheerios.

They eat weird Cheerios, which is a reference I think.

I think.

That's why it's so familiar to me.

I don't know.

But yeah, if you've never heard the show before, every once in a while, strange people walk in and we have an open door policy on the show.

Scott, I think we've talked about this before.

I don't think you should have this open door policy.

We got to lock these doors at some point.

There's so many weirdos coming.

Almost four years now and we haven't bought locks.

No, let's strap yourselves in because you're going to hear, well, here's what I think you're going to hear in this best of episode.

Okay.

And the one to follow.

A veritable parade of weirdos.

Eating weird Cheerios.

Eating weird Cheerios, weird Cheos.

And these are two of the weirdest.

These two guys, George St. Gigland and Gil Fizan, they're two older gentlemen from New York, two older Jewish gentlemen walked in and they have a lot of ideas about show business and we're going to hear those here in our number 10 clip.

Number 10.

Wow.

So what have you been doing while you're in Hollywood?

I mean, you're here with a Hollywood star.

We went and protested the Chick-fil-A.

Oh, nice.

Because they wouldn't give us free nuggets.

They wouldn't honor a coupon that I made in the hotel, which is a Ramada.

It's a beautiful room.

What it is, it's a Ramada hotel.

And I sat there, you can imagine, you know, forged coupons everywhere, drying on a clothes line.

Have you seen that?

Long and short.

It's wet ink, really?

Yeah.

Have you seen that film, catch me if you can?

Of course.

The Leo DiCaprio film, well, he's a forager.

Yeah, sure.

Well, we haven't seen that, but we want to see it because we're told that we...

So I made a fake coupon, one free movie, Catch If Can, and I brought it to the Lemley, which is now Slam Dance, and I went in and they said we're not showing that, and I protested them.

Okay.

How'd that work out for you?

There was an arrest.

But you know the Reiner, remember who was arrested.

You get arrested.

You might have been the theater manager.

I think it was me.

But we were definitely arrested and we got three hot squares and we were excited about that.

Three hots and a cot.

Yeah, sure.

We're used to prison, you know, our good friends in jail, so you know, he's a political prisoner.

We go and visit him all the time.

His name is Lon Gundoware.

Yeah.

Lon Gundoware.

He was a Swedish dissident.

Who wore pyjamas all the time?

Yeah, I'd see.

He was protesting against having to wear clothes in public.

He's in that famous foreign group that was just arrested for performing.

Yeah.

Plus...

How are you gonna?

Lon Gundoware.

Lon Gundoware man?

Lon Gundoware man.

Okay, of course.

Well, sometimes I space on names and I just hope someone takes the place.

This was because we were smoking PCP before it was, you know, we heard that there was a problem.

We tricked ourselves into smoking PCP before training day before we knew that that was an option.

Yeah.

Okay, it took training day to let you guys know.

Most of America learned about it from training day.

That's what I learned about it.

Yeah.

What a great film.

Great film.

So why come out to Hollywood?

I mean, just on vacation, do you have a goal while we're here?

Or addition.

I'm up for the lead in this room.

Oh, the newsroom.

Yeah, why?

Uh, it, as far as I recall, it has a lead in it already, but maybe they're adding another character.

But that's just trying to make me sweat.

Kill do you monologue from this room?

Uh, who the hell are you?

Oh, okay.

Look, bin Laden, he's everywhere, you know, we got to do the news.

Edward Armero style.

Enough fluff.

Let's work down this hallway.

Come with me, Emily Mirdimer.

This is self-written.

Yeah, I thought I figured it.

But it's script.

Oh, it's not.

It's separate.

Okay, sorry to interrupt.

Um, wow, and do you perform it exactly like that?

I mean, it's powerful.

Yeah, so the lazy eye.

So he'll do that.

My shoes.

That's very natural.

Yeah, but when we run it in the room, he's kind of, he's kind of doing a jazzercise.

He's moving the legs up and down.

And what we'll do is he'll hold weights just to Ken Lentil.

Oh, two, two, two ounce Ken Lentil in my arms while I'm walking.

We go to a vet and use the dog treadmill because I needed to practice, you know, working for these sortkin parts.

Sure.

Because I'm going to get it.

They're making me sweat.

I'm doing it.

We should mention we're out in LA doing a, one of those workethones called working for sortkin.

And it's a, yeah, we're trying to raise money so he can get a bag of crack.

He's low.

He's low on it.

Yeah, he's low on crack.

Yeah, he's in between seasons right now.

Yeah, he's got to stock up so we can write that stock footage.

Well, you have a big Hollywood star here who might be able to help you out with.

You know Aaron Surkin.

I do.

I know him very well.

Would you help me get the lead that Jeff Daniels has?

Oh, so you do know that Jeff Daniels is growing.

Well, they, they shot a season with him to make me sweat.

Yeah.

They didn't want me to know.

I thought everything just kind of made you sweat.

Most things do, especially mental cigarette on hot morning and car.

That's one of the big.

Yeah.

His car doesn't work, but it still gets the ideas flowing so he's sitting it.

Yeah, I like to sit in it outside, you know, who's ever apart.

George has one of the nicest 1983 mustard yellow vulvas that you'll ever see.

Volvas?

Yeah.

A mustard yellow vulva?

Yeah.

A mustard yellow 83 vulva.

An 83 vulva.

Mm.

Yeah.

Not the safe Swedish car.

This was a, this is just a disease written vagina.

Disgusting car that I commissioned.

Right.

One time I had money.

God.

What, what, what is going on with your life back in 83 that you had money?

Oh, this was the high times of the 80s.

Yeah.

Walski.

I was betting on circus of the stars.

Oh, okay.

And that Emmanuel Lewis came in hot for me.

Yeah.

You know, by the time they aired them, they had already been taped.

Emmanuel Lewis, he's from?

By the time they aired them, they had, they'd been pre-taped.

They weren't live events.

Well, I was betting a guy from ABC Network.

So he might have had an inside track.

He might have, yes.

He was the editor.

Oh.

Oh, he were for ABC.

Yeah, he would edit circus of the stars.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

You think he had an inside track on me?

You say and I lost 10 large to a think.

He was working with a cold deck.

It was Fiveish Finkle.

Fiveish Finkle.

It was a really, really.

That's how it started.

I don't know what he did next.

Does anyone know?

Did he do a picket?

Well, what I'm saying is maybe, what I'm saying is maybe Lizzie could help you with your acting could maybe give you some point or error.

I don't think I would do a scene with me.

You do a scene game.

Yeah.

Would you do a scene with me?

I would love to do a scene with you.

Yeah.

Maybe you could have a scene.

Could you improvise in from the new film Bachelorette?

Sure.

Do you want to?

Sure.

Who should I be?

You can be anybody that you want.

There's like a Kirsten plays like an ice queen type.

That's me.

Ice queen.

Okay.

You want to be that one?

Now, you realize, yeah, you're not someone who makes ice cream.

I'm the queen of ice cream.

No, no, no, no.

No, no, no.

She means characteristically.

Yeah.

She's cold and uhh, awkward.

Yeah, she's like an icy present.

She's not going to do it.

Oh, so it's on the ice cream zone spoke.

Yeah.

Do you want to?

Yeah, the ones can't hear.

Do you want to play the other?

What's ice cream?

The other character?

Ice cream zone spoke.

The ice cream zone spoke.

What's that?

Sure.

Would you like to play the isla fissure character?

Oh sure.

How would you describe isla's character?

She's a bit of an airhead.

Airhead.

Okay.

That would be a problem.

Okay.

Everybody ready?

Some kind of idea.

A suggestion?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Maybe a line to start?

Sure, sure.

Okay.

I would say you're on Central Park West in 72nd.

Nice.

Okay.

Nice.

And uh...

Fine, wait.

The line to start would be my ankles have really swollen up and my sock isn't fitting.

No, okay.

Okay.

Do you want to know your character names or do you not?

Shoot.

I'd love to.

Okay.

You will be playing Katie, the comment.

Okay.

So, your character's name is Regan.

Regan, yeah.

Like Ronald Regan.

Oh, what are the great producers of a homosexual?

When it, yeah.

Okay.

And my name in case you choose to use it.

That's fine.

We don't need it.

We're going to talk to each other.

Yeah.

Yeah, I figured.

And scene.

Hey, what's your name?

He gave it.

My name is Jenna.

It's a Jenna.

I'm a stoop.

I'm a real stupid.

I'm a stooper.

No.

This is not going to work.

No, you're not.

You're not spoken.

I didn't even say it yet.

You're not working in a bad screen place.

You're not.

I hadn't said it, baby.

I hadn't even said it.

All right.

Okay, sorry.

Continue.

Go ahead.

That's my object work.

And we're back and see.

All right.

Go.

I'm a dad.

No.

Damn it.

All right.

I'm going.

It's going on right.

How's it going with you?

Ah, yeah.

You're in again.

It's going, it's going okay with me, you know, just putting these in the microwave to let them door.

Oh, Jesus.

And I'm here.

Katie.

Katie, it's me.

It's Katie.

What do you guys think about things?

Because I don't think about much at all.

You're such a ditz dunce.

You're a dunce.

What?

Oh, that's funny.

Weather.

I just feel like everybody's breaking character here.

And I can't.

Are you in the scene where we have?

I'm trying to be in the scene.

Were we supposed to be in character?

What?

Yeah, that's how we get in the why you act.

Why is the essence of acting is being a character?

Why is the snake?

Why is the other one getting married when the four of us are such a good group of girls?

No, it's three of us and the fourth one's getting married.

That's part of the scene.

I stripped John Ham last night.

What a jerk he was to me.

Nice, nice.

Oh, where'd you meet him?

I met him with that Irish cop.

What happened in the reminds me?

Sweetie.

Sweetheart.

Yeah.

No.

Is that what are you doing?

It's whipped cream.

Wip cream on some almonds.

Goddamn whipped cream.

I didn't say ice cream scene.

Good scene.

Pretty much exactly how it goes in the actual movie.

Do you have any tips for, I mean, George wants to be an actor?

I mean, he's an actor.

Well, I thought it was, I thought it was really good.

I'm an actor, I think.

I think maybe you should just keep in mind that they usually put the sound effects in later on.

You don't have to do your own.

That's so when someone says we'll do that in post, stop it.

That's what they mean.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

When they say knock the law.

If they put the snap crackle pop in post, the three animated people.

Yeah.

Those guys are there, but then they do the sound effect later.

Yeah, exactly.

So those guys have to stand on set and just pretend like they're making those noises.

Interesting.

That's fascinating.

But that really is my only note.

That's your only note.

You were perfect.

Oh, thank you.

I really, you painted a beautiful picture, both of you.

You teach, you teach accent classes too, which in the title of your seminar is That's My Only Note, isn't it?

I'm so happy you know that about me because I don't, I don't advertise it.

What do people sign up to?

Do the people just show up or?

Yeah, people generally just show up.

We work out of that, that theater that you were discussing.

The Lamly?

Yeah, the Lamly, which is now the Slam Dance Theater.

The family.

And really anybody who wants to come in can come in and I give you a note.

Well, between 13 and 22.

That's good numbers.

Those are good.

Great number.

And it's free.

It's free.

Why is you just generously giving your time?

And it's charitable works.

And do we bring coffee breath?

Is that provided there?

I think you normally have to bring that kind of thing.

Do you mean is the coffee provided there?

Sure.

Number 10.

Ah, funny clip.

I like what heroes I like in the edges as I hated here.

Everybody's laughing.

I got a good talk.

Ah, that's a great clip.

That's our number 10.

And boy, what other clips do we have?

I mean, Scott, if that's, that's a great clip.

And if that's number 10.

A lot of people said when it came out that would be number one.

But we've had such a great year that just other episodes you clip.

But it was a very tight race for, let me tell you, it was very tight for 10, 9 and 8.

They were all, no, sorry, 10 and 9 and 11 and 12 and 13.

They were all very, very close.

Yeah.

But that one took the 10th spot and tell you what, we're going to take a break.

And when we come back, we are going to have clips 9 through 6 along with bonus.

Straight through.

No, no, we'll take a few other breaks.

Oh, okay.

Anyway, I enjoy this one.

We'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang, we are back and.

Comedy bang bang, we are back.

Oh, I'm sorry.

Paul, you were taking care of that.

I talked to you for a second.

Can I see you in the kitchen?

We're having a good time and we've heard one clip so far and we have several more here to get to.

And this clip is coming in.

I decided that after number 10, we would go straight to number nine.

Great decision.

Number nine.

Number nine clip, this is coming from episode 180.

Do you know what it is, Paul?

180.

Did I feel like that must have fallen between 179 and 181?

Uh huh.

Can you give me a little bit more?

It's also after 178.

Oh, yeah.

I guess it would be, right?

Yes.

Where is it in relation to 177?

Oh, it's after.

I don't care for this fellow.

Or lady.

Mustn't be sexist.

You could have been doing it, lady.

I think it would be sexist the opposite way.

If you heard someone with a high voice and assumed it was a lady.

True.

So I think you were actually not being sexist.

Congratulations to you.

I'm great.

Again.

Uh, what's the name of the type?

What's the name of the episode?

This one is titled Friends Without Words.

Oh, I know this one all too well.

I listened to it many, many times.

Friends Without Words are good friend.

Speaking of friends, Gillian Jacobs from the TV show Community.

I think, isn't it Gillian Jacobs?

That's right.

It's a hard J.

Yeah.

It's a hard J.

Gillian Jacobs.

Gillian Jacobs, you know her.

She plays Gillie on SNL.

And she also plays Britta on Community, which is coming back very soon in February on NBC.

We welcome that show back.

But she's great.

She's a friend of the show.

She's been on several times.

She played Jacob in Jacob's Ladder.

That's your Jacob's Ladder.

And she came by and she's been on the show many times.

And I'm not going to play the clip where we talk about our words with friends.

Saga.

Okay.

Go and check those episodes back that she's been on to hear the show.

You know, if you want to read all about that, you can check it in Deadline Hollywood and snopes.com.

That's right.

And snopes.com because they were snooping around and they found out that info before anyone else.

How do they get their information?

I don't, I think that they snoop around people's houses.

I mean, how do, why do we put up with it?

That's a society.

You know what?

We can't prosecute them.

They just, they flash their badge and say snoops.com.

That's right.

Snooping is not against the law.

Yeah.

And it's sanctioned by the government.

So this episode, Gary Marshall also, the creator of Happy Days Legendary TV.

The producer.

He's a big movie director.

Yeah.

He directed Pretty Woman.

That's right.

Possibly one of your favorite movies.

I'm not talking to you, Paul.

I'm talking to the listener.

Yes.

That's got a rank number one on some person's list out there in the world.

Their favorite movie of all time.

Probably most people's probably.

So he was here along with us and right before this clip, Gillian Jacobs, Gillian Jacobs, sorry, had grown very sort of, I guess, enamored of Gary Marshall.

Oh wait, is it Jerry Marshall?

Is that the, it's Jerry?

Jerry Marshall?

Probably Jerry Marshall.

Yeah, she, she seemed to take a shine to him when she realized that he was rich and elderly.

Yeah, because Gillian, it was coming off community.

It hadn't been airing in a while.

It needed some of those residual checks.

You know what I'm saying?

So she's not, she was not doing too well.

So she, she basically, before this clip had convinced Gary Marshall to kill his wife.

Yes.

Which he did.

Yes, he did.

He did.

So when we come into this now, Gary's killed his wife, Gillian and Gary are together.

And we have a new guest, Tracy, the first time this girl, Tracy had ever been on the show.

Tracy, college student.

College student and she had just taken a trip and she comes on the show and all hell breaks loose.

Has it, has it, has it, it is want to do?

That's right.

On our number nine clip.

Number nine.

Comedy Bang Bang, we're back here with Gillian Jacobs.

We have Gary Marshall here on the- Hey, Gary Marshall.

You're married.

You guys got married during the break.

That break was a real wife killer.

Now, well, my second marriage with Gillian over here.

I got a, I got a billion dollars.

That's right.

You're a Gillian in now.

Right?

Have you liked that?

That's fun.

I still got it.

I started out writing jokes.

We have another guest.

We are so not proud or but so happy to have in the studio, I guess.

I mean, we're not proud because you've never been on the show before.

Thank you.

But, and I don't know that much about you other than you, you're a local, it says here?

Not really anymore, but I just got back from studying abroad in Italy.

So I kind of think I'm a little bit Italian.

Okay.

Well, I'm sure we'll talk about that.

But Tracy is here.

Yeah.

Hi.

I don't have a last name on you.

It's okay.

I'm trying a new thing, just being Tracy.

Just Tracy?

Yeah.

Because my last name was really hard to pronounce and it was Polish.

So I'd like to just drop that.

Just going one name like Volcan.

Thank you.

Like, Mollières.

Yeah.

And everyone.

He wrote a play.

Oh, so are you a lover of the theater?

I know.

I have definitely seen some and I feel like all the way through.

Yeah, I say till the end.

What's that like?

Well, I like to get the most out of my money and I guess since you're really rich.

You probably don't really care about my high, really rich notes.

Oh, this opens up a world of not seeing things to the completion.

Also, but you know, the other thing is he's really rich and doesn't care, but he sneaks in to the, that's something about Gary Marshall that you sneak into the movie theater through the exit door.

That's right.

And I also like the second act plays that go in.

Sometimes I see the end.

Don't see the beginning.

Yeah, that's what you do with plays, of course.

Yeah.

You sneak in and intermission.

That's right.

Just pretend like you belong there.

You've been out having a cigarette.

I always get caught because I'm very loud.

Hey, I'm just going into the theater here.

I have a ticket.

Don't bother to check me.

I've been in this whole time.

I yell after the curtain rises.

I let the actors know.

Okay.

What day we're cutting it to this young lady's time.

It's fine.

So sorry.

Anyway, Tracy, welcome to the show.

Thank you so much for coming.

Thank you.

What did, what are you here to talk about?

I don't know how to notes on you.

You know what, like I just feel like I learned so much in Italy and I feel like really blessed to have the opportunity to share this with you guys on this podcast, which probably reaches like a bunch of people.

Yeah.

I thought I could just share a little bit about what I learned in my travels and just my experience.

You know, I'm about to be a senior in college and I had a junior year that was unforgettable.

So you spent your entire junior year and spent eight months in Italy and I was there, you know, with my school, but I definitely explored a lot of my own and I grew a lot.

So yeah, which I mean, I think anybody would.

Like I'm guessing you guys haven't really traveled much on the country.

I personally have not been to Italy.

Yeah, I can tell.

What about, what about you Gary?

Have you ever been to Italy?

I've been to Italy.

Yeah.

Which is where you're from, suppose.

My ancestors supposedly.

Marshall is a Italian.

I changed it for show business.

Well, was it?

Marchely?

Yeah.

I did too.

It made me angry.

Well, why didn't you guys go the Shirley MacLean and what's this?

Warren Beatty.

Yeah.

Warren Beatty route where you picked different laughing.

What's this?

You mean why didn't Penny do that?

After I already changed my name to Gary Marshall.

Yeah.

Oh, I'm already sensing some tension.

Yeah, what about this Charlie?

Yeah, good because I'm putting it out there.

Charlie Sheen is another one of them.

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

You know what I mean?

I keep eating meat trade as family.

And his heritage.

His heritage.

Yes.

His heritage.

So have you, you have been to Italy, Gary?

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Okay.

Gilly, have you been to Italy?

I have.

We were robbed on an overnight train from Monaco to Nice.

I'm sorry.

I know from Monaco to Ben.

Okay.

Sorry.

Wait, Tracy, where in Italy did you go?

Because it's a whole big boot full of a country.

It sounds like you haven't been there that much if you're calling it a boot.

Because if you really spend time there, you won't only use the stereo time to send the place.

If he was from Canada, he could call it a boot though and it would be because of their dialect, right?

That's so booty.

I guess.

Anyone?

I guess I get that.

Anyone?

Any listeners out there?

No?

All right.

Great silence develops the nation.

Yeah.

What's going on?

Where are you being in Italy?

Did you go?

I was in a few different parents.

I spent a lot of time in forensic and Venetia and I was in Monaco.

So I was in three different areas.

Friends-O?

Venetia?

Where was this?

Friends?

She means Florence.

Florence.

Oh, Florence.

I guess you don't really know.

You are an American.

Okay, but I spent a lot of time abroad.

Eight months.

Yeah, it's a long time.

So I feel like I changed a lot and I learned a lot about my Italians and just like that culture.

So...

Well, what's the main tip that you have for anyone going to...

I would say first of all, like, don't look like a tourist.

I saw so many embarrassing Americans there that I just was there to turn my head because people wear like sneak hers, which are clearly from Americans.

It was sneak hers?

Wait, sneak hers.

A lot of women wearing sneak hers?

You're a speaker for women.

Sneak hers?

Wait a minute.

We're all in on this business, right?

I think they already existed.

Yeah, we invented it, guys.

They don't want it to look like a high heel, but it feels like a sneak.

Yeah, it's about Marauds, sneak hers.

Yeah, thank you.

I guess you do know a little something.

Okay.

But yeah, I think these, you know, you see people and they're just looking so lost and confused.

And I think one of the things I would say if you're traveling about it is always look like you know what you're doing and always look like you live there.

Did you sleep with all of Italian men?

I did mean a few men that I felt fairly strongly for.

What did you do to blend in over there?

Because they're not, you know, forgive me, but it's not, you don't exactly look like an native.

No, thank you.

Um, I spoke Italian the whole time and I think that was something that really helped me out, but with a host family and I learned Italian very quickly.

So we hear some?

Sure.

Um, what would you like me to say or do you want us to have a conversation?

Let's have a conversation.

Okay.

And I feel like you just said the same thing twice.

Well, yeah.

How are, I'm well.

How are you?

You did understand me.

Wow.

I guess you did spend a little time there.

I didn't really believe you.

Oh, thanks.

Yeah.

Yeah, it was very traumatic.

We were all robbed.

Well, I wish we had time to hurry.

Took a turn.

Yeah, I wish we had time to go into that.

So tell me your train.

These stole my game.

Well, no, we, I'm sorry.

Sorry, Gilly, but we don't have time to go into it.

Somebody else on the train chase down.

We don't have time.

We talked to Tracy.

We have time to discuss.

So I almost stumbled upon a nest of vampires and Venice.

No, I don't do bad vampires as a nest.

Yeah, it's a nest.

Oh, I didn't know that.

Sorry guys.

We got to talk to, we have to talk to Tracy.

Sorry.

We have to talk to Tracy here.

So I want to have you back on the show just so I can say sorry over and over.

See now we have another basis for our friendship beyond words with friends.

Wait, did you learn any sexual tricks from Italian men?

Wow, you are really focused on the men.

Is that why you were in Italy?

I got to keep Gary here happy.

I don't know.

I love the Philano V.

Well, there is a lot of different kind of sex that Italians have and they don't have sex in the same way Americans do.

And I was not a virgin before I went there.

So I did have sex with my American men before I went on my trip or I should say time abroad.

But I did have sex with them and they link it very differently and a lot of times they like you to bend over and not speak during it.

And most of them didn't kiss me.

You know, so I think that's a local thing.

Oh, wait, your parents might hear this.

You're not, you know, this is a little spanking.

That's European now.

The European sensibility is more open about human sexual.

It's very true.

You know, you don't have to cover your breasts as much in other countries, which I found a blessing for me because I'm very well endowed in the breast region.

Yeah, I didn't want to say anything.

Thank you.

But sometimes I like to paint a picture for our listeners exactly, you know, how endowed the women guests on the show are.

My breasts are humongous.

Yeah, I mean, it's right on the money.

And how many of these men were you with?

You say that they all treated you like this?

Yeah, well, they were all friends.

So I was with them about five.

That was just one occasion.

So yeah, I mean, that was pretty much the only experience I had there sexually, but it was a lot and it was just one night.

Yeah, but it was very overwhelming, you know.

Yeah, I grew.

As gang bangs usually are.

Well, I hate that call that there, but I grew a lot.

What did they call it?

What were they call it?

In the main chit.

What did they call it?

I think that means bend over bitch.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

Well, that's not how I am.

This is all very unsavory.

I know.

I'm so sorry, Gary.

I like to run a clean podcast, as you know.

That's the reason you're here.

Yeah, that's what I know.

Yeah.

Well, I'm sorry, but that's just all I know from my experience.

So all you can pass on to me for my now sex life with Gary Marshall is to be quiet and bend over.

A whole lot of sick.

Yeah.

Wait, are you guys going to?

I mean, well, we're going to get married.

We all are married.

You got married.

You're wondering.

I mean, yeah.

I want to get married on a anniversary.

We're going to renew our vows.

Okay.

I just want to keep you happy, Gary, because you have a lot of money.

Oh, look, I'm happy.

It's just nice to have a young person.

It's a house and a magic area.

Your age.

I mean, sex is more of a chore.

A radical.

You know, it's a nice memory, right?

Yeah.

I had my fun.

Yeah.

And now it's time for more fun.

Now it's just about having some on candy.

Do you think maybe I could kill you?

Do you think maybe you would have a heart attack and die if we attempted to have sex?

Oh, probably.

Okay.

We're having sex in about 10 minutes.

10 minutes in the middle of the show.

Oh, yeah.

I need that money real bad.

Oh, boy.

I need all of it.

I need to use dryness.

I have a billion dollars in gambling debts that I need to pay off.

Oh, my gosh.

That's a break.

I wish we had time to talk about that.

But yes, Tracy.

So any other tips for the listeners out there?

Yeah.

I mean, endless.

You know, I think one of the most important things for Americans is to travel and to leave in your comfort zone.

And you know, that was a huge thing for me.

And I like where are you from?

I'm from Modesto.

Okay, Modesto, California.

Yeah.

And you had, had you ever traveled at all?

Um, no, I had not because due to my family's circumstances, I had not traveled.

So what are your, is it rude of me to ask what are your family's?

We have zero dollars.

Very, very little.

I sleep.

That's the most little.

Yes.

And I have to just stay at friends homes.

But now I'm planning to move back to Italy as soon as I go to college and just kind of, you know, get back to my roots now and just kind of live there because I'm most comfortable there.

How did you get the money to actually get there?

I got a scholarship.

A what?

A scholarship.

Oh, scholarship.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I got them.

They didn't penetrate it first, but now I understand what you say.

So now, it's getting father and father away from human speech.

So, uh, what are you, how are you going to live over there?

Do you have a job set up?

You know, as a woman in another country and so very easy.

With very large breasts.

Yes.

It's very easy to find work.

So I'm not wearing a pry.

I probably work in a bakery and I'm really excited.

There's a lot of them over there.

Yeah.

And Italian pastries.

One of my favorite breakfast.

It's good.

You like it.

Good.

Oh, every morning.

Every morning.

That's not good.

No, I'm every morning.

I have ballooned up since the TV show.

You're very fat.

Yeah.

I didn't want to say anything, but I like to, I like to paint a picture for the worst of the morbidly obese.

Yes, I am.

I think I'm going to die very soon.

Oh, and you're rich.

I'm rich because of the TV show.

Oh, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, where is polygamy illegal?

We need to go to some African country right now because I'm going to marry you.

Go back to Africa.

Hey.

Well, I feel like I need to marry one of them now because if they're both going to pass, I could use the money as well.

Honey, you've got much larger breasts than me.

You're going to be fine.

Oh, my God.

I need this.

Thank you.

Yeah.

You're going to be good at your bakery in Italy.

Yeah.

Why do you put them quotes like that?

I feel like maybe she's saying that she's going to be a prostitute.

Oh, my God.

Yes.

Wait a minute.

Is that with the whole five guys?

That was for free.

And that one's I actually paid them.

Are you saying the five guys burger chain is a prostitution front?

That's what I'm trying to say.

I eat that.

And the mommy burger.

They're in cahoots.

That one I see.

Yeah.

Ooh, mommy.

And speaking of who mommy, that's what you said to your mom when you told her you're going to Italy, right?

Yes.

You're said, you said, who mommy?

I'm going to Italy.

Yes.

Thank you so much for confirmation on that.

Well, gosh.

So you're going to go back and what's the timetable?

Well, I have to graduate unfortunately.

So what are you studying?

Wait, go be a prostitute in Italy now.

Oh, I am dedicated to graduating so that I can also lord that over people.

I'm smart.

Yeah.

So I'm studying many different things.

I haven't chosen a major yet.

You're a senior though, right?

Yes.

So the time is of the essence.

But I am thinking I'm interested in communications and I'm really interested in performance and what?

In performance.

Performance and speech and debate.

Speech.

And communication.

What's poor vermin?

Ugh.

Poor vermin.

So like rats that have been what?

Performing.

Like upper vermin's in this day-jig mollière.

Oh.

Like what you said.

Oh, okay.

I don't think that if I were you.

Yeah.

Your voice is very grating.

Oh, thank you.

Until you said that though, Gilly, I've never noticed how grating your voice is.

Thank you.

Excuse me.

How about my voice, you guys?

You're everybody's own book.

The Dilset Tones of Gary Marshall.

We all love you.

I'm like a morning dove, honey.

Oh, I'm doing a bunch of audio books.

Really?

Yeah.

Which ones?

Or name one?

Harry Potter's here.

You got it.

The Bible.

I'm going to record it.

The Hobbit.

Sure.

The Da Vinci Co.

What's that?

The Da Vinci Co.

The Da Vinci.

What?

The Da Vinci Co.

I don't know what you're saying.

It's a film with Tom Hanks.

The Da Vinci Co.

Yes.

Sure.

Okay.

You know Tom Hanks?

Of course they do.

You know the Da Vinci Co is directed by Ron Howard.

That's right.

Little Ronnie Howard, he grew up and then he directed that stupid movie.

Honey, honey, did you?

What's that do you?

Did you create buzzin' buddies?

Is that one of your shows?

No.

I wish that I had.

But I feel like Tom Hanks shows me a debt of gratitude because I had him guessed on Happy Days one time.

Really?

And that led to buzzin' buddies.

So, wait, what kind of famous people am I going to meet now that we're married?

Who are you friends with?

Joanne Woolley.

Oh.

What?

Gina Lola Bridgeta.

He may not still be with us.

Are I possible?

It's a real head scratcher.

That's a real head scratcher.

I feel head scratcher.

I.P.

Number nine.

Ah, yes.

The head scratcher.

I.P.

Are I possible?

Are I.P.

Possible?

Are I.P.

Possible?

Yes, I got several of those after that episode.

That was a fun one.

Gary Marshall, always great to hear from him.

That guy, he's got a joie de ville that, for a guy his age.

He's 150, I think.

At least.

Yeah, right.

He has to be.

Yeah.

He was created happy days.

He might just have one of those faces though.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, that's true.

It's he's an old soul.

An old soul with an old face.

Yeah, now his soul and face matches body.

That's a great compliment by the way, if you ever see someone say, hey, by the way, you're an old soul with an old face.

And then you've that down whatever they're holding.

You're an old soul with a face to go with it.

That was an old timey insult.

You're an old timey insult with an old soul?

Okay.

Anyway, so.

You're a Swiffer.

Do you think, do you think somebody would be offended by that if you called him a Swiffer?

If you walked up to a stranger on the street and said, hey, you're a Swiffer and you walked away, what people would go, fuck you, wouldn't they?

I would.

But then they would kind of go, what do I think I mean?

It would really mess with your head.

You'd really start to think about like, how am I like a Swiffer?

You'd like start looking up slang dictionaries and going, what am I doing?

And then you would start to ascribe its meaning to whatever you're doing, like whatever fault that you find within yourself.

Is this the thing that makes me like a Swiffer?

Ah, fun.

You Swiffers out there.

Ah, what's up Swiffers?

Oh, by the way, all the fans of the comedy bang banger Swiffers, by the way.

Yeah, that's the name for the money.

Henceforth, yes.

You're a Swiffer.

All Swiffers.

Hey, Paul.

Scott, hi.

You know, we're in the middle of the countdown, but you know what it's time for?

Maybe the middle of it already.

Not really.

I know what it's time for though.

Bonus!

So Whippp!

That's right.

It's a bonus clip.

We have so many great moments.

Some of these clips didn't quite make the cut of favorite episodes, but they have memorable moments within them that people said, hey, you got to at least play that moment in the best out because otherwise a very arid episode, no laughs.

Yes.

And one moment kept me from driving off the road.

This bonus clip comes to us from episode 182.

And this episode had Tim Heidecker, our good friend Tim Heidecker, who's a company absolutely produces the comedy bang bang TV show.

Tim Heidecker was there.

He was talking about his new movie, The Comedy.

And we had two new guests walked in.

We had someone named Diane, who was an interesting woman at Dave Orsay.

Are you interested?

Was she hot to trot?

She was hot to trot.

And also we had a new person who will introduce themselves a memory expert.

He was a memory expert and he taught us some things.

So let's listen to that.

Bonus!

Okay, so let's say you have to, you have a meeting with an important client.

Okay.

All that happens to me all the time.

So this is right up my alley.

I have lunch with him and you meet this guy and he says, my name is Bobby.

Okay.

And your first thought is never going to remember that.

No, how would I?

And you've got to be able to remember his name.

Because you're having lunch with the guy, just even there, let alone the business you may want to have with him.

You don't want to be halfway through the meal and say, I'm going to tell you something, I don't know what your name is.

Right.

That would be embarrassing.

It would be uncomfortable for it.

Or the waiter comes to the table and says, you know, pasta fazule for Bobby.

Is there a Bobby at the table?

Right.

And you say, God damn it, no, there's no Bobby here.

Please take that soup that my friend ordered away from this table because his name is not Bobby.

Exactly, exactly.

Or you go, I don't know whose names are anybody's names at this table.

So please don't talk to me anymore.

And then you're both sitting there and no one gets food.

Yeah.

And it's a mess.

Your corporation is going to suffer.

Yeah, that's true.

You can't run a corporation on an empty stomach.

Well, here's how I'm going to help you.

I'm going to give you my system.

It's three steps.

Okay.

First step, take a deep breath.

Okay.

Can I do it too?

Yeah, please do.

Tim, do you want to get in on this?

I am not good with the breathing.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Tim's going to sit out.

Is that okay?

That's okay.

This is optional.

I'm not trying to force this on anybody.

Oh, that's nice.

So it's not like the Nazis.

No, it's, it's we're opposite of the Nazis.

Or the soup Nazi is another guy.

I love a sign felt.

Step one, take a deep breath.

Okay.

Step two, break it down.

Okay, you got to break down the name of the person that you're meeting.

So what's the first letter in the name Bobby?

Oh, God.

That's hard for me to remember too.

I'm going to say it's a B.

It is a B.

Okay.

But on my system, you're not going to use a B. You're going to take out B. You put in a Z.

Okay.

Oh, why on earth would I want to say Zobby?

That's what you'd think if you didn't know that there was more to the system.

I didn't know.

What you're doing is it's step two, you break it down to get a keyword.

Okay.

So second letter in the name Bobby.

Oh, oh, right.

But you're not going to keep an O.

No, you're going to put in an A. Okay.

Okay.

Zobby.

Z.

You know, I bet there's more to it.

There is more to it.

Are you sure you haven't done my system?

I haven't, but I'd love to hear its completion.

Well, B, you've already covered this.

So it's Z's again?

Oh, then it's Z.

Okay.

Two Z's.

Okay.

And then you take out the Y and you put in a U.

Zazu.

Okay.

So now you have your keyword Zazu.

Zazu.

And then- That's not the bird and Lion King.

Also the little girl and it's a wonderful life.

There you go.

Okay.

Well, don't think about those.

Zazu's petals.

You don't want to- I'm making an absusu.

You don't want to- Exusu.

You don't want to confuse this guy with a little girl or a bird.

He's an important client.

You're taking them out to lunch.

That's right.

You never had a job like that, but okay.

So I'm sorry, Arthur.

In your system, we've replaced it Zazu, right?

Mm-hmm.

So is that the end of your system?

No, then you have to repeat your keyword.

So let's do a role play.

Okay.

You be Bobby in the situation.

Okay, great.

I'll be you.

Excuse me.

I'm meeting you for the first time.

My name is Sean Ockerman.

Could I shake your hand and you could tell me your name?

I'm sorry, Arthur.

My name is Scott Ockerman.

Oh, God.

I'm sorry.

How did you forget that?

Well, I was gonna- I should have done this.

I just wanna come in.

I do mumble a little bit too.

We talked about that earlier.

But hi-oh.

No, I heard you clearly.

I just forgot it.

Okay.

Sorry, I'm beginning to make you feel- Doofus and I didn't use my own system.

Okay, use your system for now, though.

My name is Scott.

Okay, great.

Okay.

So, but no, but in the scene, I'm Bobby.

Hi.

Hello.

Phew.

B, give me a Z.

O, give me an A.

B, give me a Z.

B, give me another Z.

Why?

Give me a U.

Your name is Zazu.

Well, then what about when you have to say his real name again?

I don't think- I don't think this worked at all.

You clearly just said to me that my name was Zazu directly contradicting what I just- No, no, no, no.

Zazu is my keyword for your name.

Okay, but you said your name is Zazu.

This is a wrap.

That's how I remember the keyword.

Okay.

Boneness!

This is a wrap.

Big bonus clip.

It deserves to be in the bonus clip area.

It does.

As bonus clips go, one of the most bonus.

It was so extraneous and yet enjoyable.

I'm trying to take- like you're doing the sort of stutter on the B.

Yeah, let's coordinate.

I want to do a stutter on the S afterwards.

Bonus clips?

You mean?

Or bonus.

Oh, I get it.

But bonus-a-s-a clips.

Okay.

So let's practice it for the next time, but let's do it right now.

Here we go.

Ready?

Bonus!

B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b.

Clips.

Yeah.

Okay, good.

Work like a charm.

Yeah, no, it's going to be good.

Next time we have one.

Tell you what, let's take a b-b-b-b-b break.

What do you say?

Ice!

This is a say.

Great!

And when we come back, we'll count down from eight to six right after this.

Ah, oh, what fun we're having.

We are having fun.

So far, we've counted down ten, nine, and then had a bonus.

Do you know how much fun it is?

Everyone knows how much fun it is to count from one to ten.

Sure.

All right.

By going b-b-b-backwards.

If you just go backwards, it's a feast for the senses.

Adriallient.

I find that if we were to start with number one and count down to ten, people would turn it off.

If we start- Yeah, it's a good- It's a good one.

Which is we recorded two episodes that way.

Yeah.

Took hours and hours doing it until we realized that the backwards way is the best way.

Is there a cut of the movie Memento that's forward?

I think that there, if on the DVD there was a bonus feature where you could play the movie in real time.

Right.

And do you think anyone ever watched all of that?

I don't know.

I wanted to.

I watched the godfather in real time.

There was that- The saga.

Yeah, the godfather saga.

Yes, well that's enjoyable.

I guess.

But I feel like if you know- You like watching the godfather 3.

I feel it- Oh, well you can stop it at that point.

You know what I mean?

It doesn't all take place.

No, this is what I'm saying.

Yeah.

Is that you would start to watch Memento as it goes, proceeds in real time and then you- I think you would stop.

I don't think you would watch the whole thing.

Yeah, that's interesting.

How many bonus features have actually been played on DVDs?

That the reasons you buy them- Ever playing?

Exactly.

I think you play them once and then that's it, which you know, that makes sense.

I will say that when I got into freaks and geeks, because I'd never seen them when it aired, and I watched the whole series in one weekend and I didn't want it to be over and I watched every- I had that crazy boxer that had everything on it, all these crazy features, and I listened to every single commentary.

Some of those episodes had two separate distinct commentaries.

Yeah.

I listened to all of it.

I find it hard to watch the commentary.

Like I always go, ooh good, there's commentary and I find it hard to watch because you've watched the movie already and it's like another two hours or whatever.

The worst part is when a director will say, or somebody will say at some point, well I hope you're not watching this with the commentary first before watching the movie.

No one's doing that.

Who would do that?

Some kind of monster.

That's how they think of a Scott as monsters.

The big wigs in the showbiz industry.

The hoy-poy they think of us as.

The cheapy.

The rabble rousers.

The navel gazers.

The cheaper cedars.

The gutter snipers.

The popcorn eaters.

The ticket rippers.

Oh now all of a sudden we're not even the audience.

We're working in the theater.

Well we work in the theater.

Oh that's even lower.

When I first moved to Los Angeles I applied for a job at the Sunset 5 movie theater.

You don't have tickets and I was rejected.

You were rejected.

What about me suggested that I could not handle the responsibilities of that job?

I wonder if you tried to get that job now if they would take you.

There's only one way to find out.

Let's do birdie.

Road trip.

Alright it's time to get to our number eight clip and this is a doozy.

This comes to us.

This is of course number eight.

Number eight.

And this comes to us from episode 156.

If you were guessing what episode would this be?

Divide how many weeks in the year are there?

There are 52 weeks in the year.

Still right.

So 52 weeks in the year.

What episode would that this be?

156.

How many episodes do you do in a week?

Just one.

So 52 times three would be 156 which would make this our third anniversary show ball.

Happy anniversary!

Happy new year!

Frosty the snowman.

Happy Madison.

This is of course episode 156, our third anniversary episode.

Yes.

And this had a cavalcade of stars on it and we had a little later than this clip.

We had cake boss.

Have you ever met cake boss?

I have met him, yes.

Yeah.

Great guy.

He's a good guy.

He's a regular on this show.

He's very loud.

He's on this show.

We're not going to play his clip.

Would have been fun but we're not going to play his clip.

Would have been fun.

Greg Elman also on this show.

Oh yeah, play his clip.

No we're not playing that clip.

Good.

At this point in the show we have Zach Gallifianakis.

Oh sure.

Who you know.

From the Hangover 2.

Yes from the, did you know they made a prequel to that?

Oh, did they really?

Yeah.

It's interesting.

Just like you know how Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom was the prequel to Raiders of the Lost Ark.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

They made a prequel to the Hangover 2.

It's called the Hangover.

Really?

It's called the Hangover.

What's Raiders of the Lost Ark?

In the Indiana Jones in the Temple of Doom?

No, that's a sequel.

That's a sequel to Indiana Jones in the Yeah.

Much like you're right.

So this was Zach Gallifianakis.

We also have El Chupacabra who is a radio.

Did he just walk in here for a second?

El Chupacabra is here.

He's a radio DJ old friend of the show from back when we were at a radio station.

He have the Spanish language radio station next to us.

And also Annie Clark from the band St Vincent.

Annie Clark was doing music this entire episode.

Isn't she the whole band?

She is the whole band.

Yeah, but it's her stage name St Vincent.

Why does she do that?

I don't know.

It doesn't make any sense to me.

Why not pick a nice lady saint?

Yeah.

Oh, why not just say hi?

I'm Annie Clark.

Right.

That's your band name.

Why is she hiding?

I don't get it.

But she was nice enough to drop by and do some great songs on that episode.

It was really a special episode.

So many stars on it.

At this point in the show, a friend of the show I think it's safe to say, Parks and Recreation writer Harris Whittles drops in.

Yes.

Now Harris Whittles has a terrible segment on the show.

You're a curious customer of this Harris Whittles.

Yes.

Yes, he does.

I know the segment of which you speak.

Yes.

It's something called Foam Corner.

It's terrible.

It shouldn't happen.

It's awful.

It started off as Harris's phone corner, which was jokes, terrible jokes that he would write on his phone.

Yes.

Somehow it got transmogrified into Foam Corner.

And you heard it on our last week's episode, the Christmas episode.

He did terrible, terrible jokes on that.

Just in time for the holidays.

Yes.

Some dreadful jokes from Harris.

These are just as bad.

And what I like about this clip is Annie from St. Vincent's sheer horror in listening to these jokes.

She didn't know what she was in for.

No, she went to do this.

No.

So let's listen to that.

This is number eight.

Number eight.

Well, we're just going to have special guests dropping by throughout the entire show.

I mean, you never know who's going to walk through this door at any given moment.

And wow, speaking of the door, someone just walked through right when I said that.

Hello.

Oh, no.

Who is this?

It's the it's foamy.

Foamy.

Hey, it's Harris Whittles is here.

I didn't know.

No, it's not a character.

No.

Harris Whittles.

Hello.

Fan favorite.

Creator of Humblebrag.

That's right.

I don't even have to do this because I created Humblebrag.

Creator of Humblebrag.

Writer on Parks and Rec.

Fan favorite of the show.

Welcome to the show.

It's been a great three years.

It's been a real wild ride.

Would you say that you're more popular than ever due to this show?

I'd say the show is more popular than ever due to me.

No, I mean, you get you reverse that.

Yeah, yeah, no.

What I said.

How are you doing, buddy?

It's so great to see you.

Yeah, I'm doing good.

I'm getting a little fat again, underwear band starting to fold over.

You were just on a sitcom.

A sit down comedy.

And you lost a lot of weight for it.

Yeah, yeah, I did.

I trained pretty hard.

Okay, just didn't eat Jack in the box at 3am in my bed every night.

Still most nights, but just not everyone of them.

Everything in Mother Rachel.

Yeah, by the way, do you know Chupacabra over here?

It's great to meet you.

Does Gogoriko mean how do you do?

It's whatever you wanted to mean.

I actually was in a rap battle with him like a year ago.

Oh, that's right.

I'm going to definitely.

Do you know Zack?

I'm such a fan.

Aw, thanks.

And this is Annie from St. Vincent.

Such a fan.

Wait, do you still like Sam?

I am.

I'm being genuine.

What about the before?

That was a pleasantry.

No, okay.

This is a pleasantry.

Harris, you come on the show and you've been a great friend of the show.

You've come on several times and describe what it is you do.

Well, okay, so I write jokes in my phone with the intention of doing them as stand-up.

These are the ones that don't make it to the stage because they're too bad.

So you write jokes on your phone.

Yeah.

And we used to have a feature on the show called Harris' phone corner.

And then it somehow transformed into Harris' phone corner.

I don't know how.

How did that happen?

Like someone misheard someone.

And thought it was phone corner.

Yeah.

Classic game of telephone.

Telefoam.

And it's been called phone corner ever since.

Ever since.

And these are terrible jokes that you write.

Well, I think they're good.

You think they're terrible and everyone else thinks they're terrible.

But you have to love what you do.

You believe in it?

Yeah.

You know?

You want to do this?

I'd love to do some songs.

Okay, let's hear the theme song.

This is Reggie Watts doing the Harris' phone corner theme song.

Thanks for coming out, Reggie.

♪ Harris' phone corner, yeah ♪ ♪ Come on, Harris' phone corner ♪ ♪ What, yo, come on ♪ ♪ Harris' phone on the phone, give the phone ♪ ♪ It's a phone corner ♪ All right, thank you, Reggie Watts, by the way.

For that theme, Harris, you are ready to go into Harris' phone corner.

Let's get right into it.

Does anyone want to judge these?

Should we, let's do a thumbs up or thumbs down system after a new show?

Nobody can hear that.

Yeah, just do a laugh or a go-out.

I do have a noisy thumb, though.

What do you have to do with that thumb?

Why is it so noisy?

This has been noisy for the last few years.

A couple of loose joints?

Noisy, they call me dirty knees or noisy thumb.

Are your knees buried there?

Yeah, well, it's just an expression.

What was your name again?

Jupakarwata.

That's very hard to say.

All right, Harris, hit us with it.

What do you got?

I've decided that I'm not going to get married until gay people can get married because I'm gay.

I like that.

I give that a thumbs up.

How's your creek?

Yes, that one, this one is not making a noise today.

That one worked.

That one worked, Annie?

That's great.

I know, yeah.

Thumbs up, definitely.

All right, but how do you say thumbs up in your native tongue?

Deos arriba.

That's not the just fingers in the air.

So that's just like you just don't care.

That got a great response.

Yeah, so should we stop?

We've never had an addition of Harris' phone corner where you didn't have at least eight terrible ones.

Okay, here it goes.

I want to open a Jamaican, Irish, Spanish, small plate breakfast restaurant and call it top us the mornin' to Ja.

Oh.

That got an audible.

Oh.

She.

Annie, what do you got?

She held out her hand as like, why?

Why would you?

Yeah.

Like she was an English village woman and I pillaged her land and she's like, why?

That's the look she just gave me.

Should we go to Annie?

How do you like to vote?

Thumbs up, Thumbs Ann?

I just, just two thumbs, just two hands out.

Just two palms.

Just two.

And stretched forward up to the heavens.

All right.

Zach, what do you got?

Oh, better than the first one.

You like to better?

Mm-hmm.

You keep improving.

Juba?

I really like that.

Oh, the baby is here.

Why didn't you like that?

I really understand.

Well, you have to grow up a little bit before you can understand humor.

I know.

I'm sorry.

I can't even be brief on by myself.

I need that tiny plastic spoon.

Well most people eat breakfast with a spoon of some sort.

You just shouldn't worry about having to put a spoon in your mouth.

Yes, you see a wenness on airplane.

Oh, okay.

I understand.

All right, Harris, you're at, I don't know, you're not 50-50.

I think you're at about 75-25.

All right.

About half of us like that one.

Great to good.

All right.

Here's next dosage.

I think that instead of them trying to desalenize the ocean, they should just add pepper.

Instead of trying to desalenize the ocean, they should just add pepper.

All right, let's go around the room.

Children is segmented called Harris' Twitter Drafts.

Things that don't make it to Twitter.

These have not made it to Twitter, right?

That is correct.

These are deemed not good enough for Twitter.

Well it's just like the movie, Sanacti Key, New York.

Too many characters.

That is the best joke ever.

Yeah, I like that one too.

Zach, what do you think of that one?

Of the snack to key thing, let's ignore the joke and go right to the commentary.

I think the joke on it just by itself is pretty strong.

Man.

I feel like...

I think maybe, I don't know if you would have maybe opened with that or enclosed with it or do you stand up ever again?

Just book it.

Zach, I feel like you may be leading Harris down the wrong path.

You're trying to sabotage his career.

I know what humor is like.

Anybody got it?

Yeah, I would stand behind that one.

Yeah.

Which one, the Sanacti Key?

Yes, the Sanacti.

Although I thought that movie was maybe just too long.

Not too many characters.

That was not the problem.

Yeah, not too many characters.

No, not too many characters.

I thought that maybe that movie was too truthful.

It revealed too much about the human condition.

Yeah, I understand that.

Who is that?

David, maybe anything.

No, no, that's Charlie Kaufman.

It was Rodan Directus.

Oh, sorry.

You should say it.

Calvin, it's interesting.

All right, Harris.

I went to Jack in the Box.

It was open 24 hours and I got there on the 26th hour and it was closed.

It was because it's only open.

I don't know how to phrase that.

But Zach, you know what I'm going for.

Yeah, I'd use somebody besides Jack in the Box.

Because they actually are open 26 hours.

So that could give you people.

All right, you know what, keros is?

No, keros is keros.

Denny, sorry Marie calendars.

I'd love to use a Marie calendars.

Yeah.

Yeah, and all right, we'll do it.

That's a little pro tip from Zach, Elephant, and Akos.

Yeah, he's a very successful comedian who's toured stadiums.

Have you done stadiums?

What?

No, I haven't.

Not one stadium?

You did that also in the Red Left or Outfit.

All right, that was Eddie Murphy.

Okay.

What about when you did Madison Square Garden and the Round?

And I played the Houston Sportatorium once.

That holds 32,000 people.

I'm from Houston.

Yeah, the Bojangles Biscuits Sportatorium.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.

I know it as Bojangles Biscuits.

They're most racist in stadium in the country.

More racist than this character.

Yeah.

Andy, what did you think of?

What do you call that?

That's not even a joke.

Well, it's foam.

What do you think of that foam?

Some are just thoughts.

Yeah, I'm going to go with Zach.

Yeah.

Just confusing that it's Jack in the Box?

Well, no, she's going with me to Marie Callender.

Yeah.

In my Marie Callender, Marie Callender is a building that wears a dress.

When I hear Marie Callender, I picture a building in a nice print and long dress.

Yeah.

Okay, let's vote on that.

Yeah.

Foamy, you might want to take that one.

That's pretty abstract.

I don't know.

All right, Foamy.

All right.

I think it's weird that, okay, does anyone genuinely know why at a grocery store they offer a cashback option?

Is that just to be nice?

Cashback, how does that work again?

No, you just buy food and they go, would you like cash?

And then that's like the bank offering you zucchinis.

You know what you got to do?

You got to follow it up with like, you got to be real confident in that delivery.

No, I can't.

And then just go use the word like genius like, oh, way to go genius.

Way to go genius.

That's like, yeah, who's the Einstein that thought of this thing?

Yeah, yeah, I think it's a lot.

Thanks a lot, Amadeus.

Do you think people said that time when people genuinely thanked Einstein did it sound sarcastic?

Thanks a lot, Einstein.

No, probably not yet.

For that cup of milk that I borrowed.

Yeah, like, hey, thanks, Einstein.

Is that going to make it to Twitter?

Or is that just stay in the corner?

I don't know if I could get like the tone across on Twitter.

I think you could, if you put an exclamation point after and you were like, thanks a lot, comma, Einstein.

Yeah, okay, it's going on Twitter.

All right, let's do it.

In fact, tweet that the day this drops.

Okay.

Why don't you just do a video of you saying it and then people could just click it on, right?

That way the inflections there.

That's true.

That's a good effort for people.

Why?

The tension spans these days.

All right, do you have any more or?

This is topical.

Oh, good.

Well, really topical about ear wolf.

Okay.

Because you know, Jeff from ear wolf just had a baby.

Sure.

And then named the baby Arden.

Do you think they's before that happened?

There is like a, well, what about this song?

Let's name her Arden and here.

Oh.

Do you think they said that?

I guess I'm asking if they actually said that.

Oh, I got it.

Let's name her Arden and here.

And they were in a room when they said this?

Yeah.

I didn't know we could come on and just read bad jokes.

Why do you have something?

I'm an baby.

What does that do?

I usually just go on stage.

Zach's phone corner.

I've always wanted to open a, I mean, have a Greek sitcom called Olive Lucy.

That belongs in the corner.

You think Zach is infringing on your phone corner?

Sorry.

I invite it.

It's like capitalism.

It keeps me, keeps business good when you have competition or competition.

And what do you think of that one?

Wait, a couple of jokes back.

Wait, which?

Yeah, well, we got the Olive Lucy.

Yeah, no, that's a clear winner.

You seem to be very, you were almost dismayed when I said let's get, let's name her Arden in here.

Yeah, no, it was just, it was.

You seem unhappy.

No, I just had a very visceral sort of painful reaction to it.

It's not to mean that you're unhappy with it.

Yeah, which, yeah, yeah.

I enjoyed it.

But I'm just trying to get a reaction.

You could be.

That's all I'm trying.

I'm surprised how fast you guys got that.

That took me a while to.

Well, it was, it was stumbled through for like a whole mint, like I didn't even get it outright.

Let me just be clear that I know the punchline.

The reason that tumor is because your, let's get retarded in here.

Yes.

Or get it started in here, which is the remake.

Yeah, yeah.

So is that, would you thought it was?

Well, yeah, I was thinking let's get it started in here.

Because I only buy the clean versions of CDs.

Yeah, I don't like that word.

Yeah.

That must be a trouble for you when you're buying hip hop CDs.

Just.

Oh, yeah.

What is it?

Yeah, no, just if there's that for a little guidance sticker.

Yeah, you don't want, yeah, you don't want that in your house.

Absolutely not.

Remember the days when they would bleep out the, the song, the lyrics and the songs.

Now they just like take, take the actual lyric out.

But the days where it was just like you couldn't listen to an W.A. record without hearing.

They kind of do the, the scratch it thing.

It'll be like, let's get Smish Mar would have just fit right in.

So they changed it till let's get it started in here.

Are you, are you still touring the country explaining that song?

It's my one man show.

I dress up like Mark Twain.

Explain that song.

One man show, one man audience.

All right, Harris, do you have any more?

Do you have one final one?

I'll close it out with.

And then let's get ready to, with that theme for Harris's phone.

This isn't even really a joke, but um, you could have said that before all of these, by the way.

This isn't even an attempt at a joke.

I'm just, I just want to talk to you Scott.

I'm pretty sad today.

Oh, why is that?

I hate to hear that.

Well, I just, I had my first unenjoyable go T.A. listening session.

I knew it was common, but I don't know.

Now it's just, just somebody that I used to know that I used to know.

I think it's best we just move on and don't even address that.

Oh boy, terrible jokes.

She really, she was a trooper listening to those.

Uh, Paul, what time is it?

Do you think?

Uh, I think it's time for another.

Oh, boom, boom, boom, boom, boom.

Clip.

Wow.

The remix.

Gotta get Casey.

Let's just sing over it.

All right, this bonus clip is another, uh, a short little funny moment that happened.

Uh, this is from episode one 46 earlier in the year.

Now this is going to be a few weeks before the anniversary episode.

Sure.

You're now all of a sudden you're on top of your math.

Yeah.

Uh, it's about 10 weeks before, I would say.

Uh, this is, uh, we had a friend of the show, Ben Schwartz was on the show.

B-b-b-bin Schwartz.

Yes.

You know, Ben from Parks and Recreation where he plays Jean Raffio.

He's so funny on that.

He also has his own TV show on Showtime, of which I do not remember the name.

Uh, how's it, how's it pies?

How's it pies?

That's right.

Take a closer and listen.

Yeah.

And he was on the show along with Reggie Watts, who is my sidekick in musical compatriot.

Band TV show.

Band, one leader, band leader.

Band leader and band.

Um, on the, on the comedy bang bang TV show.

Both of them are on the show and, uh, at this point, we also had, uh, speaking of St.

Vincent, we have great musical guests on the show all year.

We had, uh, so many great musical guests.

We had Loud and Wayne Wright III.

We had Graham Parker.

Right.

But in this instance, Bjork was on the show.

Oh, yeah.

And Bjork, um, and Ben Schwartz did not get along.

They sure didn't.

No, she did not like him.

No.

Um, but this- Well, her dislike is rooted in something that's very unsavory.

Yeah.

Perhaps something- Come down a little bit sometimes.

Well, I didn't want to say it.

Yeah.

But this is, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

York.

And, uh, a little, a little clip from, uh, our episode 146.

Let's hear it now.

Bonus.

Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

Bonus!

Clip.

Bjork, what else is on going on in the news?

Anything going on?

Yes.

Why would you- Why would you ask Bjork what's going on in the news?

I don't know.

Americans next to you.

And one person that's wearing a uniform made of bees and sang a song about fingering or old pussy.

This is what, you know, what's going on?

I would like to thank Shaneido Kumar.

Oh, okay.

Oh.

Give you a heart about her.

Yeah.

She just recently got married and looked for some crack on her honeymoon.

Yes, yes.

I'd like to thank her for being even crazier than I am.

Come on.

So I'm not the craziest woman in music.

I just want to ask Bjork two questions.

Ready?

Just two quick questions.

Okay.

Two off the top.

You go.

This is a segment called Two Off the Top.

It's called Two Off the Top.

Anytime I'm on the show on the show on the top.

As long as I get to Confentation.

No.

No, no, no.

I've done that enough with you, Bjork.

All right.

Listen what it is.

You go into a deli, Bjork, okay?

You go into a deli and it has all the things that a deli has.

Oh, Jews.

They get no, not Jews.

I mean, this one does.

You got lucky.

You're at a Jewish deli.

All right, it is.

Jewish people and they're all eating Comintation and they'll think, Rabbi.

Yes.

Just, oh, I'm, am I allowed to do my two?

What do you do?

Two off the top.

You go in there and the guy goes, I guess his Jewish goes, Hey, what would you like?

What sandwich does Bjork get at a Jewish deli?

Um, pulled a beer lock.

Hold a beer.

I'll go on to my next question, I guess.

You're not taking this seriously Bjork.

My next question is as follows.

What an asshole.

You've never tried.

No, it's not real.

You just tried to do a pun on pork and it was the worst thing I've ever heard.

You said, I should really rescind your two on the top.

Number two, ready to give me number two.

I had to pop it.

Resend your improv.

Part.

For that.

Ah, what?

Buh, buh, buh, buh, buh, buh.

Oh, yes.

Clip.

Ah, yes.

Pull Bjork.

Pull Bjork sandwich.

It really happened.

It really did.

So it gave you the near the first time.

Now you've heard.

You've heard us say it.

You had a chance.

Yes.

Ah, alright, well, we're still counting them down and, you know, let's follow up that bonus clip with number seven.

What do you say?

No, I agree.

This is number seven.

Number seven.

Alright, Paul, number seven.

This is from episode 162.

162.

So this is going to be 10 weeks after the anniversary show.

No, this is approximately six after that.

No, I don't understand.

And this is an episode called Best Bro Hang.

Yes.

Best Bro Hang.

Now this is an unusual episode.

Yes.

Because it, you'll have a guest of some prominence, of some note.

This particular episode has Andy Samberg from X Saturday Night Live.

He had just left the program at this point.

That's right.

He's an alumnus.

Alumnus?

Yes, of course.

Lonely Island Star.

Everyone has their records and has watched their videos on YouTube.

Absolutely.

And usually you have a star of his a mag and a toot.

And then some weirdo will show up.

Mm-hmm.

In this case, a weirdo did show up named Bro who was on last year's episode with Andy Samberg, who was my weed dealer.

Yes.

But then something happens.

Something happens with Bro where I, it actually, look, let's drop the pretense here for a second.

Let's drop the pretense about dropping the pretense.

Adam Pally is an actor and a comedian.

He's on a show Happy Endings on ABC, one of my favorite shows.

Yes.

And he does the Bro character.

Yes.

At this point in this episode, he barely does the Bro character and in fact slips out of it and becomes Adam Pally several times.

Yes, this is some of the laziest character work you're ever going to see.

I don't know how it got on our top 10.

But I think it's the sheer goodwill of the three people involved in a fun conversation.

We all had a really good time in this episode.

It's so enjoyable.

You can just about overlook the extremely lazy character work that Adam Pally is doing.

I hope you'll overlook it here because this is episode number seven with Best Bro Hang.

Here we go.

Number seven.

Andy, talk about your secret pain.

Go.

Ah, so much of it.

Just crying and like sad.

Yeah, sad stuff.

Just like, ah, why?

Yeah, sad stuff, man.

What's the saddest thing that ever happened to you?

Ooh, I got an answer for me.

Locked and loaded.

So as soon as you want me to go to bro first.

Yeah, I have bro answers.

Alright, bro, go ahead.

Ah, well, I had this dream to open up what would be like a bro's paradise.

It would be this like large warehouse space with different places like one where you could sit and toke and get high and then there's like another corner where you could sit and watch a movie linked up to a record or something and then another corner where it would be like all farm to plate food and then another corner.

I guess it's too many corners.

There's a lot of corners.

You've only said three corners unless it's a pyramid you are owed one more.

Yeah, there would be a fourth corner that would be just like a drawing, like where you could like experiment with art and stuff and I wanted to kind of build this out and I wanted to do it and do buy.

But it never worked out.

Is it a business or it's just a hangin' place or a business?

Yeah, it's a business.

The farm food?

Well, yeah, it's the people who are hungry or you could like calm if you're like on a journey and like if you're what went wrong with the business and the things like who are you talking to about making it?

I think that's what went wrong is that I never really did anything for it.

Didn't reach out.

Yeah, at all.

It's a pipe dream.

It's like I just thought that do buy.

They have a lot of pipe dream get it.

I do know that sometimes people smoke weed through a pipe.

Well, that's why that's technically very funny.

I appreciate you saying that.

You know I'd forget it.

That's okay.

So it made you sad though and do you remember your lowest point?

It's now.

Really?

So this just happened to you?

Well, I'm telling you guys what's.

It was since Mission Impossible 4 you started having the stream.

And then when Goats Protocol came out.

Wait, did you say Goats Protocol?

Yeah.

Was that possible 5 Goats Protocol?

It was Ghost Protocol and it was number 4.

He said number 5.

That's a different one.

It's about first.

Oh, is that coming up?

Inside her info.

Yeah.

Someone's not checking Nikki Fink.

Hey, told you.

This thing's coming out and it will be a red hot trailer when they do post.

Oh, yeah.

Advisory.

Advisory is Tom Cruise in a goat.

Following Protocol.

All right, Andy, you can edit bits out of this, right?

Oh, of course, if we ever had need to, but we never do.

Yeah.

And you have another movie in the can with Rashida in the can.

And it's a big dramatic movie yet, a crying scene and everything, right?

Have you seen it?

Oh, you were telling me about it.

There's a little bit of upset in this in the film.

Yeah.

Real tears?

Well, I mean, I wasn't really crying about like something I was sad about in real life, but right.

But they're...

Did you work the tears up?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

Good for you.

I don't think I really roll any in the movie, but she certainly does.

She rolls tears.

She rolls them.

That's what I call them.

Actually, every other take, I would actually roll one.

I go, I rolled one.

And I go, yeah, we're not going to use it.

Nice.

Way to keep the emotional vibe going.

Yeah.

What if your face was just crazy while you were trying to roll tears?

And that's why they weren't using it.

They're just...

They had to cut out every crying scene with Andy because he was puking.

Oh, I'm so sad.

Wow.

And then he would have this weird, effeminate scream about how sad he was.

So sad.

You don't have to give talking about how sad you are.

I am.

Just say the lines, Andy.

It never says I'm so sad.

No, but yes, it's coming out in August.

Scott, thank you, Patrick.

What is it called?

It's called Celeste and Jessie for Another It.

It's a Sundance film that got picked up by Sony Pictures Classics and it's going to get released.

I love Sony Pictures Classics.

Don't you?

Love him.

Favorite Sony Pictures Classics movie, Go.

Oh, they have so many classics.

It's hard to choose, but then her.

Yeah.

Has that gone over into the Sony Pictures Classics?

I'm pretty sure.

Yeah.

It's a classic.

It is a classic.

Yeah.

Battle of Shaker Heights.

There you go.

That's a great one.

Project Greenlight movie.

Yeah, man.

Yeah, you love Greenlight.

That's where the booth became the booth.

That's right.

What do you think about Dice being in Woody Allen's new movie?

Dice Man.

Dice Clay?

Dice Clay is the homecoming.

Yeah.

I didn't even heard about that.

Yeah.

I think it's a homecoming of sorts.

That's a total tolja that Nikki Fink.

Yeah.

Let's pull up Nikki Fink right now.

Let's read everything that Jake's talking about.

Let's just pull it up and scroll through.

Let's take a look at the trades.

No, yeah.

Dice and Louis CK in his next movie.

CK, I get.

Dice, I mean, I love it.

That's great.

I mean, Woody definitely saw his performance on Entourage.

I was just going to say, he was pretty good.

Gave me the guy from the voice from bananas.

Johnny Bananas.

Woody loves Entourage.

He loves.

He'll sit there with, who's he married to now?

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

The guys are both really good at Woody impressions.

Um, oh, yeah.

That's his catch rate?

That's the Entourage.

Entourage.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, my God.

I'm, I'm, I'm, I'm.

Oh, yeah.

That is the worst.

I can't believe it took me that long to figure it out too.

I think it's a million.

That's a great impression.

Woody Allen, watch it on Android.

I like Woody Allen on Entourage.

Oh, yeah.

It's a Johnny Dremmer.

I just think you should do the show.

I think we'll be great for your career.

Guys, just guess what, now I'm, Vince is doing the movie.

Well, what's going on with the Murphy group?

Fuck.

Everyone watched every episode.

Oh, yeah.

And we didn't like a single one.

Have I, have I ever talked to Scott about my HBO, um, theory about how to do it?

Um, theory about how they shoot sexines.

No.

Every, every sex scene on, on HBO is reverse cowgirl.

Mm.

Cause it's like all flawed male protagonists that are kind of ugly and you don't want to look at them and hot girls with giant titties.

So they're like, let's get this frame where it's like, we boobs are like up and facing camera and a little bush and bouncing up and down and then down in the corner.

Well, you see someone's head.

Steve Buschami.

And it is, it is always jarring in those sex scenes when they like, when they wipe across, like they can't across and then you'll see, uh, like, past, fellow.

Yeah, exactly.

And then you'll see B. Sami's eyes.

Whoa.

You're like, I, I imagine he's naked down there.

No, none of us need to see it.

We just need to see her clearly.

That's why we subscribed to HBO.

They should just have a show where it's just like hot girls like that just like bouncing up and down and you know what I mean?

You don't even need a dude in there.

You know what?

A show for men.

Okay, bro.

Let's hear about it.

A show for men where it was just like chicks bouncing up and down, sports jokes.

Maybe the guy, the hosts are drinking beer.

Yeah.

This is perfect.

You know what else there should be is a, a fucking award show just for the guys.

Oh, yeah.

Yes.

You should do it.

We should do it.

And we'll hand out like best bro hang.

Yeah.

I'm sorry that would go to us.

And we would win now in a landslide.

Especially because we're going to run this show, this fictional show that doesn't exist.

Number seven.

Great episode.

Woody Allen doing entourage.

That's right.

That is one of my favorite things that's ever happened.

And it's so, it's so enjoyable that I'm able, I'm so able to overlook the lazy character work.

Just for that.

For that extremely great character work.

I feel like I checked into the Overlook Hotel.

Do you want to do some Woody Allen as a fan of entourage right now?

What do you say?

Johnny Drama, I need you to do the lines exactly as I would say them.

You know Eric, you know what's going on?

The Murphy group.

Are you getting, are you, you know, are you getting back together with, what's her name?

Why?

What is her name?

I remember.

Sloane, what's it?

You know.

This is my favorite area.

Woody Allen type of voice is when he gets real whiny.

Yes, exactly.

It's the two.

He's got two speeds.

Yeah, that's the really whiny.

He's got, you know, this one.

To clarity.

I'm just talking about a thing.

And then.

Look how you know Annie.

I'm not a sloane.

Why would you call her?

She is missing you.

She's really, I think you guys need to get back together.

Woody Allen giving someone a relationship advice.

If Woody Allen ever gives you relationship advice, refuse it.

Adopt some children, go out with them.

See if you like them.

I don't know.

Come on.

I want him to be on the show.

Come on.

We shouldn't slay.

Yeah, you know what?

Good point.

I want him to be a friend of the show.

Speaking of friend of the show, let's hear some, let's hear from some friends of the show.

Some of our sponsors.

What do you say?

Let's take one more break.

You fooled me.

We'll be right back after this.

Hey, comedy bang bang.

Welcome back and we are counting them down.

We've counted down starting at 10 all the way down to seven and we have one more great clip here.

This is number six.

Number six.

Ah, that's right.

Number six.

This is from episode 154 Paul.

154.

Okay.

Two weeks before the anniversary.

Before the anniversary.

So what would you?

I thought the anniversary was 152.

That was 156.

52 times three.

You got me.

Yeah.

I shot me.

I've been mad by one of the best.

I've also been had by the rest.

That's true.

So you've been had by everyone.

You're gullible.

I am dumb.

Speaking of dumb, this was a great show.

This is an episode called Finger Guns.

Finger Guns.

All right.

Let me set the stage here for this episode.

Please.

Several years ago, the first year.

Back up.

Okay.

You're a Scott Ockerman.

The dominance of comedy bang bang.

No, back up.

Oh, the Big Bang.

Theory.

Yes, of course.

Primordial stage.

We raised ourselves up from out of the ooze.

That's right.

Everybody talked.

They said, let's do legs.

Sure.

And then fast forward too.

Podcasts.

That's right.

Smash cut two.

Comedy Bang Bang is the podcast.

That's right.

And we're in our old studio and I had an intern.

A young intern.

From the old studio?

Yes.

No, this particular clip isn't.

But I'm just saying that I'm giving the history of the tale.

Oh, yes.

Back in the old studio, I would have an intern.

Yes.

Who signed up to be, she was a high school student named Marissa Wompler.

Yes.

She signed up to be my intern on the show.

An intern is someone who works for free.

Yes.

It's short for.

Learn the business.

Yes.

Internal slave.

Yes.

I didn't know that that was what it was short for.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

So my intern, basically an intern is supposed to get people coffee, is supposed to sort of, you know, do paperwork for you, make you the star.

Yes.

Your life easier.

Yes.

You can just say, I need this done and the intern is supposed to go do it.

Yes.

Keep your mind focused on the task at hand.

Yes.

This intern, she showed up once and she got there, said, hi, I'm Marissa Wompler, threw on headphones, and immediately when the show started, she just started being my co-host.

Yeah.

She thought that she was the co-host of the show.

That's not what it's about, Marissa Wompler.

It's not.

She's supposed to be here every week, but instead she shows up maybe three times a year.

Her interning is sloppier than Adam Pally's character work.

And that's something.

Damn, Adam.

Bro, you've been had, bro.

So this is an episode called Finger Guns, where Marissa dropped by, and her life is really interesting.

She's a high school student from Marina Del Rey.

That's right.

This is the first time we ever met her teacher.

Oh.

Yes.

She has a teacher, Miss Lisler, AKA Just Lisler.

She wanted to be called Lisler.

Yes, she wanted to be called that.

She insisted upon it because she called me Akerbin.

So she brought her teacher, and it's a strange, strange story.

Sure is.

The weird relationship between them.

By the way, well, I'll say that after the clip, but so let's listen to it.

This is episode six, your episode six, Finger Guns on Comedy Bang Bang.

Number six.

Marissa, we should talk about exactly why you're here because I think a lot of people maybe have not heard your previous appearances.

You were just on one with Andy Richter recently that cracked our top tank.

Congratulations, by the way.

I don't check.

I don't listen to your podcast nor do I ever log on to your website.

Well, this is a problem because you are my intern.

Oh, I know.

Two years ago.

Oh, God.

You signed up to be my intern, which in my mind means every single week that you have to be here getting people water.

You said you weren't Jewish, but you're giving me a lot of that Jewish guilt right now.

Happy Passover next year in Jerusalem.

But as far as I know, you've only showed up four days.

Yeah, well, I've been busy.

I've been really busy.

You know, here's the thing.

It was started as a class project, as you know.

And then it became a lady.

My show did?

Yes.

I signed on, I wrote you a letter, and you said, come on in, and I threw on the cans.

And then it became a labor of love because as I saw things needed, this was like a page one rewrite to the situation.

Yeah, you weren't supposed to be on Mike at all.

And from the minute one.

That wasn't my understanding.

Yeah, you started talking immediately.

That much of the same way you did today.

Did I?

Well, I never know.

You don't give me like a finger gun.

It's like you're on.

I just like, I feel it.

And when I, you know, maybe one suggestion I could have as a mentor to men.

Oh, okay.

Is that you really need to go toe to toe with Marissa.

Oh, okay.

Because she's going to bring a hundred percent of her mess to your front door.

Yeah.

So what I said, boundaries, like a rescue dog.

No, you can say no Marissa.

Yes, just slap your nose with a roll of newspaper.

One thing I like to do myself, I go to, are you all right?

I hit my cans and they actually bent my ear back.

Oh, all right.

Yeah, I'm all right.

That's called cartilage.

All right.

Do we need you to leave?

No, I'm okay.

So I'm okay, Scott.

One thing, Mr. Ockerman, Marissa, is that you might just show up.

He's got a mascot.

You know, show up at, at her door, you know, knock, knock, knock 3 a.m.

Hello, I'm Ockerman.

And why would I do that?

Why would I do that?

Is that what you do?

Is that what you're trying to say?

I'm just, I have unorthodox measures in order to really reach a child.

And you know, you know, T-ing doesn't have to take a break.

It doesn't have to be done.

It never takes a break.

You know what I mean?

They're in teachable moments at three in the morning.

And two years ago, you signed up for something, didn't you, when you took on an intern?

I did.

That said, I don't think it's my purview to go show up to Jessica's house to record the shows.

It's not a bad idea.

You know that my condo has those walls because we're very by the, by the airport.

So we have those window panes.

John Wayne airport.

We got a, we got a, yeah, you could show up at her window with a full beard on.

Say I'm stealing you away to Mike, to Mike Aben.

And then when you get her to the studio, you say surprise.

I'm your mentor.

What lessons did we learn?

Okay.

I mean, that's, you're right.

That is unorthodox.

That's, but that's worked for you then.

Uh, yeah.

It seems like you guys have some sort of, is it dare I say symbiotic relationship or parasitical?

Yeah, like a parasitic, it's like, um, you know, in Africa, those, um, what are those animals, the will to be sent?

And they have tiny birds that live on top of them and they eat off their skin.

I would say it's more like the bottom of a dirty pond and a catfish.

Who's the catfish?

Who's the dirty pond?

Exactly.

Oh, man.

Was that a haiku?

I'm going to write that down.

Write that down.

I'm already not on this.

Not on this.

Oh, guys.

Yeah.

Right.

I'm ready to get down.

I'm going to publish this in folio, my literary magazine that I'm also the editor in chief of.

So now Charlotte and I can call you Charlotte.

Is that a verb?

Miss Lisler.

Or just Lisler as I've called you acker.

That seems strange to me, but I'll try to do it.

So Lisler.

Yes.

It seems like I'm teaching PE class or something and I'm asking you to get on the high bar.

When I was in the Marine Corps, that's what they called me, so I'm very comfortable with that.

That explains a lot.

Okay.

So Lisler, let me ask you, you're the teacher of the STARS program or the GATE program, I think we called it, gifted and talented education where I was from, um, which is not that far away from Marine, Del Rey, so I'm surprised that you call it something so different.

It's a program.

Where are you from?

I'm from Cypress, California, just right down the street.

Oh, I would have pegged you for like, um, to be from like a Boston whaling, whaling family.

Thank you so much.

Yeah.

This is an ex-quaker.

Yeah, like an ex-quaker, doesn't he have that look to him?

I do see you riding the back of an old whale one day.

Yeah.

See that deep in you.

Oh.

Um, but okay, so you're the teacher of special students.

How many special students are there?

We have three.

Three, only three.

Only three tested.

We tested the whole school.

It's a pretty dumb school.

Me, creatively speaking.

Me, Rodney, and Eric Gutterman.

So Gutterman's in there as well.

Yeah.

And these are special students, meaning they're...

They've not traditionally done well in a regular school setting.

No.

In fact, some of us have done very poorly.

So I'm getting...

Great wise.

Getting kind of the idea here.

You're in a special school...

No, don't say it like that.

It's a public facility.

But you're in a special class where you're away from the rest of the students who might cause distractions to you.

Exactly.

Well, some of...

Yeah, I have ADD.

Rodney wears trench coats.

He won't take them off.

He wears several trench coats at once.

Does he have a base one that he wears in the shower?

Yes, he's a bit exactly.

We've never seen his skin.

Okay.

He's like one of those ghost fish you find in caves.

You know that you can see their veins and stuff.

They're all just like fish.

Yeah.

Different kinds of fish.

And then Eric Gutterman, you know him.

Old gutters.

Old gutter balls, huh?

Old gutter balls is always trying to stick it in somebody.

It'll probably be me.

Oh, dear.

I won't let them.

Don't worry.

We'll talk about your prom plans soon.

Yeah, yeah.

It's a second.

But I want to get a sense of your teaching style.

So do you have these three children all day or are...

It used to be they were only coming to me for a 60 minute session between social studies or algebra, whatever.

And then I requested that they come to me full day just once a week so that I could really get in there with some project based learning.

And then that wasn't really successful.

So I asked for them full time.

Okay.

Five days a week.

And they were happy to give us up.

They were certainly.

There wasn't a fight, right?

Yeah.

What was your...

The administration.

How long ago did this happen?

About six months ago.

Six months ago.

Yeah.

I remember you were quite a handful when I first got to know you.

Was I?

What was your first impression of me?

Well, you were young and precocious 15 year old a couple of years ago.

Yeah.

And you just...

Yeah.

You were...

You were mouthy if I can say it.

Is that it?

Yeah.

Not a real respect for authority.

No, exactly.

In fact, you were challenging me quite often.

Yeah.

That only got worse.

That has only gotten worse in this class, unfortunately.

Or fortunately, depending on how you look at it.

Well, you're a strong independent woman.

And maybe you shouldn't apologize for that.

Oh, see what I mean?

I told you it was a thing for me.

I...

Please, no, no, no, no, no.

I wouldn't lie about that.

I know the last time that you were on we got very dirty.

Yeah, it got weird.

That was mainly Andy Richter.

That was not me.

It wasn't.

And then with Todd Glass, it got even weirder.

Oh, that's right.

That's Todd was the last time.

Yes.

Reverse advanced weirdness.

Yeah, reverse advanced weirdness.

We can't blame it on Todd as we all know if we regular WTF listeners.

Yeah, exactly.

I think I had something to do with his coming out.

You think so?

That gave him the courage or it made him realize.

To be being in the careful Marissa.

One of the things that we've been working on with Marissa twofold.

It's not being so awesome.

Not exaggerating stories.

Not taking credit for great events.

Like what?

What kind of great events?

She's taking credit right now for the new HBO show Girls.

Oh, in what way?

How would you even be tangentially related to that?

Well, I think a lot of people were inspired by me on this podcast to really let it all hang out.

Llewey, Lena Dunham has.

You're saying that Lena Dunham has listened to the podcast.

Yes.

Heard you speaking and said, hey, there's kind of the voice that I want to channel for this show.

Yeah, I'm not going to sue her for it.

Yeah.

But, you know, I'm not going to not talk about it to the press.

But that's not true.

So do you, we've talked about that.

Do you think, and what press are you talking about too?

Mostly to the Marina Del Rey Daily Dolphin.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

So what?

They've done a couple profiles of me.

Do you find that any TV show that has?

I've heard most of them.

Do you find that any TV show that is, that has female relationships on it that you think it's based on your life?

Like I know, Sex and the City.

I know there's this new show Best Friends Forever I think.

Oh, God.

Those girls are ripping me off every day.

You think so?

Because I also have a blog.

A web blog.

Yeah, a web blog.

Well, I have it.

Marissa, I haven't uploaded that though.

We haven't gotten viral with that.

Well, my computer doesn't hook up to the internet.

So I have an upload.

Well, we got to talk to somebody about that.

We're all my tweets and my blog's been going.

Well, I've asked your stepfather Seth to come over several times, but he's ignoring every call.

What about gutter balls?

How come you can't go in there and just see anything about computers?

He's useless.

We have connection at the school, but I let her do her blogging at my house.

Well, what happened to WompUpTheJams.com?

Is that still happening?

Okay, here's the thing.

So that was in the works, okay?

And then I announced it on your show, Prematurely I Might Add.

Oh, you couldn't handle the traffic.

No, well, people started to freak out.

And I thought to myself, now I knew you were moving to this nice studio, which for the listeners, they can't see it, but you used to record in a room that smelled like an old submarine sandwich, right?

Now you're at this competing...

You could have just ended on old submarine and it would have been accurate.

That also would have worked.

So I heard, okay, ComedyBanger is getting new songs and he's moving to this new studio.

And I didn't want to...

Honestly, I felt like if I launched my show, I was going to steal most, if not all of your audience.

And I was worried for you.

I worry about you at night.

Okay, see now this is true though.

This is...

This is about the weirdness of coming from my purples.

I have to say.

I'm worried about you and I journal about it and I worry about the...

We do.

We spend a lot of time on Aquaman.

Yeah, that is what's weird.

See, you say that it's coming from my end.

I can honestly say...

It's not a...

It's not sexual.

I worry though that you're putting too much stock in a relationship, which in my mind is facile at best.

I have not given you one single thought.

Listen to me.

You want me trying to impress me with your big words.

You used the word facile just recently.

You used another big word earlier.

Did you write that down?

I didn't.

Well, anyway...

Aren't you supposed to be writing down every big word that she doesn't know?

Do you have a code for that?

Some sort of flag?

Yeah, I just give her finger guns.

Write it down.

You and the finger guns.

Yeah, write down.

I don't wonder.

I thought that was really strange that you were giving your...

You guys can't see me.

So I'm giving finger guns to my cans right now.

What are you asking them to do?

I don't know.

Just turn it up.

Stop bending your ear back.

Turn it up.

Oh boy.

So...

Okay.

Okay, so you have them for five days a week all day.

And what kind of classes do you teach?

I mean, do you cover every...

We don't use the word class, first of all.

Every subject.

Every medium.

You say a lot of art therapy or...

It's not...

We're not like dogs that need to be like...

Do you know dogs are therapy?

Is that how you rehabilitate your dogs?

That is something that we did do.

That's what you did to thorny.

Yep.

That was her dog that died.

A French bulldog that died.

What happened?

She died of a broken heart.

Seth punched him in the face.

What?

Which is true.

Miss Lisler.

What's the truth?

That's something you gave my friend.

Was that dog already dead when he came to me?

Listen to me.

And then Seth punched him in the face.

Or was he dead?

He still had a breath of life in him.

Here's the thing.

And then he punched that dog dead.

Miss Lisler asked my stepdad out.

Okay, I wonder.

Yes.

And he said no because he's very much in love with my mother.

Right.

And she has had a lot of problems with it going forward.

So how does punching a dog in the face tie into that?

It didn't happen.

That's the point.

Marissa?

Sometimes...

I'm going to yes and you because I have to because I care about you.

That's right.

Did you take improv classes at your school?

Yes.

Are these top by Lisler here?

Oh.

I teach them.

Sorry.

Oh my God.

One hour a week I give the floor to Marissa and she takes over.

Okay.

Sometimes it's improv.

Sometimes it's bossing people around.

So I want to hear more about this.

First of all, when did you meet Seth?

Was this in a parent teacher conference of some sort?

Well, again, I said six months ago I only have three students.

Yeah.

I made a call.

Seth answered.

I heard his voice.

Still sit tones even though they're not related.

Yeah.

Does he have a voice a lot like Marissa's?

I don't know how that would be possible since he's a stepfather.

He doesn't have as much of a volume control issue but he does him a lot.

Is he always loud or...

He's very...

He's a very loud man.

Yeah.

He's got a lot of body.

So it fills up.

Oh, a lot of body do his voice.

No.

To his physical self.

He's a large man.

Yeah.

Okay.

So he has more body than the normal person.

That's right.

And his voice fills up and echoes and the canyons of his body.

Isn't that interesting how a person could be really large or overweight and it makes their voice bigger too.

Yeah.

That's right.

Isn't that strange?

It's not.

It's physics.

Really because they have more airflow because when they use their voice they sort of press down on their sides and it's sort of like a...

Like a windbag.

It forces it out.

Yeah.

That's why Patti Lopona is such a thick voice.

Yeah.

Oh, because she's a thick woman.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

We spent three weeks just watching YouTube videos of Patti Lopon.

That was one of our quote unquote classes.

That's why Bernadette Peters is such a tinny high voice.

She's a tiny woman.

With a large bosom though.

Oh.

So how does that factor into it?

I'm sorry to say...

Oh, it's just the second time we've talked about a woman's.

You brought a first woman up.

That's how you size a woman up.

I'd contend to tell how old a woman is.

It's a lot like the rings on a tree is by how big the boots are.

You cut open her tip.

Encounterings.

Is that right?

That's what they did in Afghanistan.

Yeah.

That's what they did in American Psycho.

He fried them up in a pan as well.

Oh my God.

That's terrible.

No.

Is that not on your reading curriculum?

I don't listen to anything scary or watch anything scary.

What about read?

Because we're talking about books.

What about read?

Reading.

Oh, I thought you meant like read like someone like...

Read Richards?

Mr. Fantastic.

Well, I want to get...

So Seth, you called up Seth and then...

I called him up.

That's how we met.

And then I went over there to meet the family so that I could get a background on Marissa.

Understand the dynamic, the family dynamic.

And I ended up spending the night there.

Hmm.

That's a little odd.

It was odd.

In whose room?

Oh, on the couch.

On the couch, okay.

That's okay.

There was a dinner, a meatloaf that just put me right to sleep right after...

Oh, okay.

You know, when Wheel of Fortune also also gives me the Z.

So you were falling asleep around 7.45 or so?

Yep.

And we didn't want to wake her up.

Well, a teacher's life can be exhausting.

Yeah, it is.

You've got to get up early, grade those papers.

Do you grade papers?

Do you ever...

We don't ever write anything down.

Not real papering.

Okay.

So, well, I guess...

There are grades.

I think about grades.

Sometimes I'll just sit in the corner and think about what grade I'm going to give each student for weeks at a time.

Oh, does that ever come into play?

Ever?

Do you ever actually give those grades?

Yes, of course.

I have to legally.

Okay.

So you ended up falling asleep and did anything happen that night between you and Seth?

Or was there just a lot of...

In your mind, what occurred that night?

Well, about 2.45 I woke up.

You had to use the bathroom.

That's right.

So, sometimes I get a baloney craving.

About 2.45, which will wake me up.

This is back from the war.

I'm sorry?

What war were you in?

The Afghanistan war.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

So, in Afghanistan, you would have a lot of baloney cravings.

Right.

Well, we would only sleep in several hour increments.

So if I go to bed at 7.45, I wake up about 2.45.

That makes sense, right?

Sure.

I think so.

So I go into the kitchen.

And then, I wake up about 2.45 hours later, you would only sleep in 7 hour increments.

That's right.

How many of these increments would you get a day?

One.

Okay.

So that's just more like getting a 7 hour...that's like a good night's sleep.

Yeah.

But when you go into bed...

I had about 7 last night and I felt pretty good.

Yeah.

But at any point in the day, that's why I'm calling it in.

I see, I see.

Okay.

Sometimes it starts at 1 in the afternoon, some at 7.45 in the day.

Okay.

So at any time during the day...

I walked into the kitchen and he was...

You can just drop.

...panceless.

And I said, excuse me.

Turn around.

Which way was he facing?

He was looking into the refrigerator.

And so you wanted him to turn around to face you.

To see what I was dealing with.

Why were you dealing with it?

This is so embarrassing.

What do you mean, why was I dealing with it?

I'm a woman.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you just wanted to kind of side it up.

It was obviously an offering, you know?

An offering like in church.

You put what you're giving, your 10% into the plate.

You're tied.

And pass it over.

Yeah.

And you want to put into that plate?

I can't believe this is happening.

I wasn't putting anything into the plate.

I was waiting for the offering to come to me.

I see.

And he wouldn't turn around.

Because he didn't mean to show you anything.

Well then, why was he pantsless in the kitchen?

Why were you sleeping at my sofa?

Because I fell asleep because your mother made me loaf.

God.

And maybe Seth didn't know that you were there.

I don't think Seth knew his dad's dinner.

He was a dinner.

He was there.

He was a dinner but then...

Did he disappear into the basement?

Yes, he went up to his office.

He went up to his office.

It's a very small condo.

I don't think he assumed you were staying over.

Nobody did.

That's the point.

When I woke up in the morning and you were still there, that was a shock to me.

Now, if you only sleep seven hours a night, what happened to 245?

Why did you stick around?

I went back and I laid down on the couch but I didn't sleep.

Okay.

For another four or five hours?

I thought about what grade I was going to give Marissa.

That's a little strange to be thinking about grades after you're refused by a man.

If he doesn't say anything, is it technically a refusal?

He didn't say anything.

He just stayed there.

Frozen.

He waited for an hour and a half until I went back.

Why were you standing there for an hour and a half?

That's really weird.

I said turn around.

When I tell someone to do something, Marissa, I wait for it to happen.

Yeah.

Okay.

So you gave an order.

The order was not complied with...

So I laid back down on the pleather couch and I thought about her grade and then...

What grade did you decide?

B plus.

And then at 545, we got up and went to school.

So five hours later, you just sat there, eyes open.

And she's been yapping about it ever since.

I don't.

You're the one who brings it up.

You brought it up.

Oh boy.

So what I do...

Do you want me as your mother?

What?

Wow.

What?

Because if that is what is happening, then keep bringing it up.

Wait, you're threatening her that if she keeps bringing it up...

I don't know what she's saying.

Honestly, this was a mistake to bring you here.

That's clear.

I didn't need all of this dirty laundry here in front of...

I think it's a mistake.

I think this is fascinating.

I'm getting kind of a real insight into exactly what is going on with you, Marissa.

That is hurtful.

That...

It's an unreliable, unreliable narrator.

In six months, you have become a rose that has opened and petals have fallen off and I pick up those petals and I glue them back on.

Like a Georgia O'Keefe.

So you want to tell me that this is a mistake?

I'll tell you what's a mistake.

You're 15 years old.

What's the mistake there?

That's the mistake.

I'll tell you what else is a mistake still of the night for the theme for the prom.

Why is that a mistake?

Because it's too sad.

Well, you know what?

You had ample time to bring it up.

I brought it up.

I wanted it to be whenever there's a night.

Shit.

This is a thing.

From Dream A Little Dream.

But the movie Dream A Little Dream.

That's right.

Go to your prom.

Did you go to your own prom?

I chaperoned it.

Number six.

Yeah.

Wow.

Weird, huh?

Yeah.

Very weird.

Lizzler is strange.

I don't know about their relationship.

I believe at the end of this episode I had...

I called the cops on Lizzler.

Yeah, yeah.

You had her arrested.

I think you did the right thing.

Yeah.

And then she went to prison as Marissa explained in future episodes and then was looking for me and was hiding underneath cars so she could slash my Achilles tendon.

Yeah.

I do recall that now.

Yeah.

Did she?

She never did.

No.

She's never caught up with her.

No.

In fact, we all did a Christmas special.

They wamp up the jam's Christmas special.

Oh, that's nice.

Which you can go get on earwolf.com.

It's Marissa Wampler.

It's her own show that she hosted.

And Lizzler is the sidekick and I'm a guest on it.

So and it's a very weird show.

But you can go to earwolf.com or iTunes and get it right now.

I'm going to do that.

On iTunes, look for it under Earwolf Presents.

I believe it's called the Wamp up the jam's Christmas special and Paul, we've done it.

No, it's not time for a bonus clip.

You got so excited.

I did.

No.

My little eyes lit up.

My heart grew 10 sizes.

Your little beady eyes.

Your little beady piggy eyes.

Those ugly colored little eyes.

The two little dumb pebbles in my skull.

You know what?

You're a real Swiffer.

Have I ever told you that dare you?

No, Paul, it's time.

It's time for the end of the program.

The end of part one.

Part one.

Yes, W-H-O-N-E.

That's the end of part one and we're going to have part two coming to you next Monday.

And if you can't wait that long, if you're a new listener to the show, then go fuck yourself.

No.

I mean, they could do that.

That's true.

Am I to stop them from fucking themselves.

I mean, who am I to stop?

If you want to go fuck yourself, then you'll be my guest.

Go fuck yourself, I knew you know.

I mean, it's something you want to do.

You know.

It's so hateful.

No, if you're like, oh, that wasn't enough for me.

I say go to the 2011 best ofs.

There's four hours of those waiting for you if you're new to the program or just check out some episodes previews to the show.

More top notch clips.

If I were you and I look, I'm a comedy kind of sewer.

I'm not just a guy who makes the sausages.

I eat sausages all day long.

You're making them and then you eat the sausages that you make.

I make them and I take them.

I'm a terrible businessman.

That's right.

So don't get high on your own supply.

Keep your eye on the Sparrow.

I would suggest if you like free entertainment, why don't you download all the existing episodes of the year and listen to them.

That's true.

And I have an even better idea.

If you like Paul of Tomkins, he has his own podcast, Scott, the pod F Tomcast.

There are far fewer episodes.

Way easy to listen to all of them.

Yeah.

And it has Paul on the show.

And some of the people that I think Gary Marshall has been on the show.

He shows up on the show.

The aforementioned Cake Boss.

Cake Boss.

Some people we may hear in the episodes to comment our next week's countdown.

I will be surprised.

Where can people get that?

That is on iTunes.

The pod F Tomcast.

One of the best podcasts and Tomcasts around.

I think it ranks number one on Tomcast.

It's pretty high up there.

So check that out and check us out next week when we countdown from five to one.

We will see you next time from Paul of Tomkins and myself.

Don't go to bed with a price on your head.

Don't go to bed angry.

Always make up with your wife.

Don't go to bed.

Go even.

Yeah.

Never go to bed.

I think that's what we're trying to say.

Ah, you fucking asshole.

See you next week.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.

The Wolf Dead.
