♪♪♪♪♪ ♪♪♪♪♪♪♪ Come on Oh They like come and me wanna go home They like come and me wanna go home They like come and me wanna go Hey, we're floating but Hi everyone welcome to comedy bang bang best of 22 part four we made it all the way to part four if you're listening to this you've probably heard parts one through three I feel listening to this you're too close I don't think so I you know someone we know has a baby on board. I know I don't blame you know what I mean?

Even if it stops one person from being a fucking asshole well that one person is not me. I'll tell you that much what you what do you mean you mean you die I fucking tell those people I ride their asses man Yeah, trying to wake up their baby. I know I have to baby sleeps in the car and the parents are like oh thank God I'm gonna drive around a little bit you know for this nap and like not not on my watch baby Well I thought so many times about buying one of those little those magnetic lights you can stick on your Oh yeah that the cops they look so fucking cool because so cool You know policemen earlier in TV they had the lights attached and then I can't remember what show it was for the first time when suddenly they pulled it out of their like Star Ski and Hutcher and they pulled it out and just slapped it on the top of their car. Oh my God. They're like a sports car and it's like oh yeah I'm a cop now Hey, I'm an asshole now I'm a cop First I was just a little dick loser now. I'm a cop by the way ACIB it doesn't apply to Star Skiing Hutcher. I hope no because I think it's reasonably assumed that they're dead by now. Okay good those characters Everyone stuff everyone stuff being a bastard when they die.

Yeah good every good to clean slate then you're just being tortured in hell. Yeah you're not a bastard anymore you're a victim of your own devices. Well this is best of comedy bang bang 2022 what a year for comedy bang bang hey. Oh my God when I think about it. There were 52 episodes or so. Could you tell I was having a flashback? Sort of 51 episodes. Flashbacks aren't like that anymore are they?

Like on a TV show it doesn't go all wavy and no they just do different different color correct. Yes hard cut with different color correct. I'm sorry. I'm sorry people don't have to do that anymore. I know I love doing a flashback what happened they got tired of too many comedians going boohoo Wayne's World ruined it. Yeah Wayne's World. Yeah, Waynes World has a lot to answer for. They should be tried in the Hague. That would be so awesome. Like Wayne and Garth tried in the Hague. Mike Myers and Dana Carvey like is this real?

It's just not a bad idea for Waynes World 3 by the way.

Absolutely You know we are counting down the top four episodes on this episode. Yeah these are and this is voted on four fans by fans. Four fans voted. Yeah the four four fans voted this year record low turnout. No one gave a shit. No this is the top four episodes and fans voted we'll talk about the stats when they're all done but we're going to hear the best episodes of the year. Do you think I'm going to juke to the stats? I don't know you voted for yourself several years in a row. Did you do it this year? I don't think so. I don't remember voting. I don't think I did. I don't like a voter in the last few years. Yeah you just let the chips fall where they may. Yeah Vegas and but yeah earlier I mean I always wonder that it's like if you were enough in coming comedian you wanted more exposure you want to be on the best ofs you'd vote for yourself every day. Would you?

Every day. Every day. Can you vote every day? Yeah I think so. I think you really? More than once. I have no idea.

That's all I would know. But July is two. July gave him a cookie stuffed. Oh did Kim Bay. He gave it to Kim Bay. He's holding up five fingers. I would. No. Five fingers. That's saying no. When toppled to Kim Bay. No you can only vote for five right? Okay. Five times. You can only vote once five times. I don't stop. You only vote once five times.

Stop that Kim Bay. Don't you take Kim Bay. Me? I'd like to give you.

Well anyway we're going to hear the top four this year and I'm Scott Ockerman the host of comedy bang bang. I don't think I've introduced us at this point. I may as well cross for me.

A cross for me is the mustachioed one. You need more nicknames.

You know in sports they always give you like these great nicknames. Right. Even in announcing you know like what was Vince Gully's nickname.

Vin? That's true. You know he was famously nicknamed that from those numbers on his car.

So he could never forget. Yep and. But he forgot the number part. That's ironic. Well no see his original name. We're all those numbers. He wanted the numbers to be the nickname.

And they're like we're just going to call you Vin. He's like no I need to remember.

And he was a huge ex-files fan. He loved it. So that's where the Scully game. He was sitting on a Scully poster.

His original sitting on the John.

His really was Jonathan Carruthers. Yep. A classy guy. A classy guy. Doing a voice the entire career. He really sounded like this.

The mustachioed one himself. He puts the F in Paul F. Tomkins.

How about another nickname for me is the great degradation.

The great degradation is here. Paul F. Tomkins is with me.

Hello Paul.

It's me. T.G.D. Hello. It's me. Were we listening to that?

We listened to a bunch of versions of it on tour. Yeah we did. Why? Yes. To see which one we thought was the best.

Because Tony was in the car with us. That's right. We were driving back. There's many versions of that song. Hello. It's me.

Because we heard the Matthew Sweet, the Todd Rungren original. We heard the Matthew Sweet and Susanna Hoff's version. We heard another version. Bobby Boris Pickett. Was it Bobby Boris? No.

You fooled me there for a second. It's all here in my phone.

I could look it up. And then we heard...

By the way, you've been on your phone this whole time. We've done three and a quarter now. On your phone is very rude.

Sorry. I just love apps. Oh, the Isley Brothers. I love apps. Oh yeah, that was the best one.

That was a really good one. And then we heard the song Hello It's Me, which is not the Todd Rungren song. It's an original by John Kail and Lou Reed.

Yes. And you all hated that one. Well, it's weird because it's to teach safety to kids. And it's about not touching the stove.

Yeah. And I was like, why is this a whole song? It was a five minute song. Yeah. And it's really, it's as simple as that.

Yeah. Don't touch the stove. You can get it done by that.

Yeah. It's called Hello It's Me is Never Me, which is shorter. Songs absolutely should be shorter.

20 seconds tops. That's very short. One chorus and you're done. What's a song you could think of that would be a great 20 second song?

Well, we talked about this on the Red Hot Chili Beppers. Oh, well then why don't I go fuck myself? Okay.

Oh, I called your book. Do it in front of me, in fact. How do I? Paul, this is a guy I don't want it to end, but we're going to have to crack the top four.

I know we got a crack. We got to get to crack in. We got to get to crack. And we're the crackers. We don't like that nickname.

We are the crackers. Nope. Let's do it. This is your choice.

The crackers for the little crackers. This is your choice for number four. Number four.

All right, Paul, tell me where this lies when I say this is episode number 775.

Oh, I'm going to say.

We're in the mid late 700s. Exactly. Exactly. Mid late 700s.

This is from September.

Tindler wearing powdered wigs. Yep. September. That was a Mr. Show sketch that Bob really wanted to do was the guy who was still wearing powdered wigs 10 years after everyone stopped wearing them.

He's like, I think they're cool. Never got written.

This is from September 19th of 2022. And this is an episode entitled Operation Double Decoy.

Now this is the companion episode to previously in our countdown. That's right.

Jason Manzukas came in and did the Bob Duka episode. And then I think a day or two after that, the queen died.

And Andy and Jason and I and you, right? We all got on a text chain. Yeah. Right. And we all said, we got to get back in the studio guys and we got to put out an emergency episode and everyone made time for it a few days later.

The idea that someone dies and then we got a scramble to do this podcast, making fun of the fact that this person died.

We now have a fresh angle.

Well, it can't just occur without getting our take on. Of course. It can't. What's the point of her life otherwise?

So you've heard before about how we swapped intros for these episodes. Yes. You heard about the Walrus and Mimi.

Sure, of course. The Walrus is Paul.

So this was the second one that we put out, but it was the first one that we released.

And we, of course, the Grizz is back by Rindenestin is back.

This is Andy Daly, Jason Manzukas and Paul and Jason Manzukas, you know from how did this get made?

And the league, the dictator and Andy Daly, virtuoso performer who does a ton of different characters.

I just saw him in a holiday movie. Oh, which one? Well, I guess it's not a holiday movie. I don't think it had anything to do with the holidays.

It was a battleship.

Rionna was a holiday movie. That fucking movie. It was like a rom-com. Allison Janney, Ben Platt.

Allison Janney and Ben Platt were in Jean Bell. Oh, you know, let me fish. Oh.

She plays the mother of Ben Platt and Kristen Bell. And then Andy, in the beginning of the movie, plays her second or third place.

Allison Janney, second or third husband. Then dies off screen. dies off screen.

You don't like to hear that. You want to die on screen.

I was prepared for him to be in this whole fucking thing. I was like, oh, this is fun. And then like he's dead after the credits.

dies off screen like that one dude from the West Wing who died in real life.

Well, yeah. Yeah. Wait, have we checked on Andy? And Luke Perry? Have we checked on Andy?

I know. Have we talked to him recently?

Andy, did you die in real life or just in a movie? If you answer, I know you're alive.

If you don't answer, then you're dead.

So the queen died. We all scrambled and we recorded this and you'll hear Byron Dennis in Breaking the News to us, supposedly.

And halfway through, we mentioned on our previous part three in the number five episode, we mentioned the Zerg.

And Paul, that stuck in your mind, I guess, because you come in as the Zerg.

Yeah. Halfway through the episode. I must have listened to that.

Back to the previous one to remember. Yeah, I know Andy does that too. And then Jason and I do not.

So we're going to hear two clips. The first clip is me hitting you by clipping the floor.

Byron coming in and breaking the news to us and then the grid is coming in.

And then after that, we're going to hear the Zerg coming in, which then forces Andy to join him, which you'll hear.

This is it. This is your episode number four.

Number four.

Jason, now it is, of course, it's Thursday today.

We're taking this in advance of the show. It's Thursday, September 8th is what it is.

One of the great days. One of the great days. One of the great days.

Have a great day myself. Oh, I'm loving it.

I'm loving getting to see you. I'm loving getting to hang out.

It's sunny. Nothing in the world is happening of any consequence.

I love those days where you, it's kind of like just like a, you can check out.

It's a coast day.

Yeah. Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, stop everything.

What? Stop everything.

Everything?

Yes.

Myron, myron, dead.

Even in us talking right now?

I'm tired. Stop it. Stop talking.

Stop talking right now.

Do you want to, do you want to sit down?

Yes. I think I will.

Yeah, please.

Stop standing above the, if you're going to stand, bring the mic up to your mouth.

I came in with like a lot of effort that then stood well above the mic.

Well, it's just, there's so much going on right now that it's a hard day.

Have time to sit.

I don't think so.

I did have time to sit.

I don't think so. We were just, we were just, we were just shooting the shit.

Gentlemen, have you not checked in with the news?

No, I think we were just going to try and figure out which is better, a Twix bar or a take five.

Oh, the MOSBA.

But then you, the gentleman, urgent news.

Urgent news of what?

What is it?

Queen Elizabeth II.

Sovereign of all great Britain has been declared dead at the Castle Bell Morrill in Scotland.

Wow.

Not this hour.

Oh no.

Are they, are they continuing to see me?

Wherever I'm not finished, Jane.

I'm forming your Prince Charles of Wales has ascended to the throne of England.

He shall now be styled as King Charles III.

That's all.

These are not you.

Wow.

For you, Byron Dennis in Royal Watcher, this is like...

That's huge news to you.

Give us what's true, man.

Do we care?

I can't quite...

I mean, I could go back to Twix versus take five, but like this seems important.

So...

Yeah, yeah.

I don't understand what you're...

I suppose you did not understand me.

I'm talking about Queen Elizabeth, the Queen of all England.

Yeah, we know her.

Yes.

She's been around for like 96 years or something like that.

She is!

96 years.

Precisely.

She is...

Is that 96 years?

Keep going to the singing part.

No, that's the only part.

I like the keyboard part.

I can't believe the two of you can band her about trivialities on such a momentous day as this.

Do you suspect foul play?

I do.

I just...

Really jumping to it.

No, no, no, no.

No, no, no.

There's much more of foot than that gentleman, far more.

Yeah, since the Queen has been declared dead about more of a...

Well, look, I mean, it's not like that has any effect on our lives.

Like if someone like Ken Star will, you know, will ever die, which I doubt he ever will, Ken Star, the special prosecutor...

Oh, did he just die?

No, he'll never die.

Oh, he's immortal.

Yeah, this is of course September the 6th.

The 8th, I thought you said.

Yes, that's right.

Wait, is it the 6th?

Do we know something in advance?

I believe Ken Star will die on Tuesday, September 13th.

No, I believe he will.

No, we're not in the...

We're not in...

This isn't that kind of show where we prognosticate about the future deaths of people, but if you're right...

Is this a ripple effect kind of thing?

That could be a show.

The biopendentist impredicts your death.

It's not a bad idea.

Not a bad idea at all.

Is this a ripple effect where the Queen's death will then cause deaths upon deaths upon deaths?

Look, here's the first thing I need to tell you.

First of all, I've just come from England.

Wait, how did you get here so fast?

Just now?

This is what happened.

Is this the Phil Collins Concord?

I've come here straight from the Phil Collins Concord.

The Fatch of these gentlemen.

But when the Queen was declared dead, I knew that Harry and Meghan would be in Europe there to attend the festivities, and I thought this is a perfect time to break into their home and...

Well, to go to the house, to be on the estate of Montecito, to just see to some things I need to do there.

But wilds in England, specifically at Balmoral Castle, I became privy to various plans and things, and all sorts of things that I can exclusively report to you.

Wow.

Okay, so you witnessed the Queen's death?

Is that what you're trying to say?

No, no, no, I was there right when they decided that today would be the day that they said that she died.

Oh, wow.

Yes, indeed.

So, does that mean, are you insinuating that she is alive and we're just being told she's dead?

Or that she died previously?

I am not insinuating.

I am reporting that Queen Elizabeth is alive and will.

What?

Just like Ken Starr?

Yes, just like Ken Starr, although he will die on the 13th.

I doubt it.

But if he does, my God.

Queen Elizabeth is my wedding anniversary.

Queen Elizabeth is... is it really?

Yeah.

I wouldn't want to celebrate two kings.

Ken's happy anniversary in advance.

It's frequently on a Friday, I imagine.

Well...

Sure, why?

Here's what happened.

Do you remember the last time?

The 13th's been a lucky day, isn't it?

Terrible day to have an anniversary.

But it wasn't a... it was a Saturday when it happened to us.

Yes, yes, but some of the anniversary will be Fridays!

When it happened to us?

A lot of people like having their marriage described as having had something happened to them upon us.

The last time I was here, I reported that the Queen had a plan to bring up the Queen.

I reported that the Queen had a plan to blow herself up on a throne rigged with dynamite on June 5th, the final day of her platinum jubilee.

That's right.

Oh, yeah, and I was going to have you back on the show and we ended up not having you on the show because it didn't happen.

It didn't happen.

And also you drowned.

Wait, did you fight to the death?

Didn't you drown in Scott's pool?

No, no, no, no.

Well, yes, I only pretended to drown, gentlemen.

Oh, that was pretend...

Why did you pretend to drown?

Because I thought it was very unfair that I should be pitted against a polo instructor, a water polo instructor in a game of water polo, without any time to prepare and train for the game.

So I felt it was very unfair.

So you just drowned right away?

No, I did not drown.

I said, why did I pretend to drown?

I took a big gromm there into my words.

I mean, you were taken out on a stretcher in a body bag.

Yes, I know. It was very uncomfortable.

Paramedics came, declared you...

Paramedics?

Were these fake paramedics?

Yes, I spoke.

You were bad ones anyway.

I think they were just incompetent.

They did load you into a replica of the Ghostbusters.

The ectomobile.

Thank you.

Yeah, what was that about?

Listen, I really don't know.

I couldn't get the actual...

You couldn't break the damn damn game.

You called them.

Didn't you call them?

I only appeared to drown.

But now I'm realizing you routed my phone to a fake 911 number?

Just so you could have actors come and declare you dead?

Only to come in today as if none of that happened?

And to be talking about the queen dying as if that's the major news when we should be talking about you being alive?

You producing?

You producing an incredible proof of death scenario?

Dad, not good is a dear friend.

I get a hold of him any time.

Wait, was that him as one of them?

He didn't recognize Dad, not good is one of them.

No!

Oh, he's a fan of Dad, I've ordered one of them.

Oh, he has a cool...

Danny A.

Oh, man.

That's why he's an Oscar nominee.

Oh, that's why there was so much blues music coming out of that ectomobile.

Yes, there was.

There certainly was.

And while all the IV bags they were trying to hook you up to were shaped like crystal skulls.

Like his vodka brand.

Yes, yes.

And he was covered in badges.

That's right.

Dad Haggroyd loves a badge.

He kept screaming.

We don't need no stinking badges.

No, I know.

But yes, so that's...

I mean, we both mourned you.

Oh, yeah.

Did you?

Yeah, I'm not scared.

Well, we're in the studio today, but if we went to Scott's backyard, there is a headstone for you that you put in.

Really?

I erected, yeah.

That's very nice.

What does this say?

Something very touching and lovely on the...

No, I mean, we couldn't remember.

It says Byron, a British guy, died here.

Yeah, it's one of those Halloween ones that you buy at the Halloween Superstore.

Made of Styrofoam?

Yeah.

I see.

It just says David has pumpkins.

Okay, well, that not being my name, it really doesn't seem to be the best.

Yes, all right.

I just thought it was funny.

It's not for me at all.

But we did place it right there at the spot where you drowned.

Yeah.

In the pool.

You have a Styrofoam, Greystone, floating around in your pool.

Yes, it's 10 feet home.

How come there aren't more?

More floaties in pools that are the shape of gravestone?

Yes, there should be.

It's a good question.

Well, anyway, welcome back.

Yes, thank you.

It's good to be here.

You say the queen died?

Sorry.

What?

No, she isn't dead.

The queen is dead.

Smith's style.

No, no.

She was going to blow herself up on the fifth, but she found that her nemesis, King Harold the fifth of Norway, had constructed a throne.

Remember, she was going to blow up the throne of England and whoever got a throne first to the throne room of the king of the king of the king.

And she learned that King Harold, who she despises, had built a throne and hidden it someone bucking in palace.

And so she said, well, let's scrap it.

We'll scrap the whole plan.

So that was all scrapped.

And then now she's just been carrying on living with, you know, Jim Broadbent and Jim Belushi, her two husbands and feelings.

Wait, hold on.

Did we talk about this?

Oh, yes.

She's been in according to Jim's scenario.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah, I forgot.

It's in according to Jim Throuble.

Yes.

And it's a good, far more trouble than it's worth.

And so she simply decided she was done with the drama.

So she went to fake her own death.

She has faked her own death.

And it's I know a guy who could have helped her with this.

Who does that?

This guy, Al, that I know.

Oh, really?

Yeah, he fakes people's stuff all the time.

Well, maybe she did use Al.

I have no idea.

Wait, let me ask, is her entire body shaved other than her anus?

I don't think we can ask that about the repeat today deceased queen.

No, you can't ask that.

No, you can't ask.

But give me a word now, I don't think that's the truth.

Well, OK, so maybe I'll add something to it.

Perhaps.

But also, it was a long-range plan that she and her dear friends, Ivana Trump and Olivia Newton-John and Mikhail Gorbachev, they called themselves the richest with bitches.

And they've all just signed.

All of whom recently passed, it was reported, indeed.

Allegedly.

None of them are jade.

Trump has one of those David S. pumpkin's headstones in his golf course, I believe.

Just like that.

It's just full of documents.

It's full of them.

But anyway, they're all yachting around the world, having the time of their lives.

So you're saying that Olivia Newton-John has faked her own death the same way that her ex-husband faked his own death.

Yes, exactly.

Is there a double death figure?

He could go right around to a sale of a yacht.

That's right.

Well, that's where the idea came from.

She said, you know what my husband did to get out of paying someone $10,000?

When she the queen.

That was the interest.

$10,000?

Apparently.

She doesn't have that light around in her dresser?

I guess not.

He had debts of $10,000 and said, I'm faking my debt.

But they're back together now, Olivia and her husband, you know, because when you- Now they're on the run.

Yes, they're both on the run, having faked their debts.

And they're all just having the time of their lives.

But you know what, though?

Just to let you know what I've been up to, by the way, I have been- Did we ask that?

No.

I have been aggressively wooing Lady Amelia Spencer because- Still.

You remember, in that Pono match in the pool, I was competing against the Gris, you know?

Right.

And I pretended to drown.

Who is a professional or a celebrated water polo?

Yeah.

And this was to the death in whoever won.

Yes, yes.

Would get to woo Lady Amelia, is that right?

Yes, that's right.

And we have been told that nobody beats the Gris.

Yeah.

But you both lost.

You both drowned.

Evidently, yes, we both drowned.

Well, but I was only pretending that he really did.

And so now I- We had a separate bunch of paramedics come for him.

Well, well, yeah, Zacharoid wasn't good to take away the Gris.

He was part of- It was very strange that first paramedics came and only looked at, treated, bagged and left with you.

And we said, what about this guy?

And they said, that's not our problem.

We're like, okay, do we need to call 911 again?

Yeah, sure.

And so we called 911 again and now I'm realizing this must have been the real 911.

And they came and got the Gris.

Yes.

So it was unfortunately passed away.

He has unfortunately, yes, passed away.

So this is- Unfortunately, not really.

Because, you know, I now have free reign to woo Lady Amelia.

Well, this is great Byron.

I'm so happy that you're able to unimpeded go after Lady Amelia because I think, you know, the two of you are a great couple and the Gris is out of the picture.

I mean, just- I'm madly in love with her.

I mean, madly.

What's that saying?

Sorry, is that my stomach?

I don't know.

You do?

You did say beforehand that you were starving.

What is that sound?

Look out, Amelia!

What?

Well, well, well.

No, this could be Byron Darriston as I live and breathe.

Byron Dennis-ton as I live and breathe.

You see, that's a little bit nice.

I said, just what?

What are you doing?

Is this your dialect coach who is this?

I'm afraid gentleman.

I'm afraid.

This is the Gris.

Obviously this is the Gris.

The Gris is dead!

I came down through the sprinklers, didn't I?

Yeah.

You heard him say, look out below.

Right.

And then he simply appeared, but yes, now I see you somehow falls yourself through the sprinkler system.

I can fit through any pipe or drain.

There are water polo-pours.

There are so many characters stuck in the walls of this building.

I thought you died Gris.

What happened?

Of course you did.

We called the paramedics.

It's what I want you to think.

Gee grieved.

What you don't know about the Gris is...

What?

I see.

This is a good catchphrase to you by the way.

What you don't know about the Gris is...

I-Z.

In a tiny pocket in my swimming costume, I keep a watertight capsule, and in that capsule is one of those sponges.

No!

What were you adding water to it?

It expands.

What?

And that little sponge...

Like after getting even bigger, when you're going to be done, I can't keep the stuff.

The head of the whole sponge is shaped exactly like me, the Gris.

Whoa!

In case I am after fate, my own death.

So what I did was I released a sponge from the capsule, and I swim through the drain in the pool.

What?

Oh my god.

I've spent so much time in swimming pools, I can flatten my body to fit through the drain and the filter if need be.

Wow!

So we...

What a elaborate deathfaking plan.

I only called Dan Aykrod.

Well, I mean, we called the paramedics.

You fake evidence sponges more elaborate than calling Dan Aykrod.

How did it bring the acto-mo-beel around?

You watched this?

Of course I did!

Where were you?

From the pipes?

Pipes?

I was in it great.

You were in it great?

A little ways away.

Anyways, Kyle?

I don't like that comparison.

Sorry, sorry.

You're not a petty writer.

I'm trying not to appear in grapes.

Sometimes you can't be helped!

Why are you carrying this red balloon, by the way?

Oh, I just come from a carnival.

Okay, see, this is not helping your van-wise.

And now, sir, too much water to swim.

Is there a land swimmer?

I know you're a land swimmer, but are you also affiliated with the royal family?

Are you a royal family?

Oh, yeah.

Are you?

Okay.

Well, I got related into it, didn't I?

I became adopted by this young lady, whose her name is...

Malia?

Alemia?

Hm-hmm.

And he's...

Oh, leaky.

Lady Alemia?

Yeah.

Renspence?

Wow.

So you started...

She adopted me, no.

She adopted you.

Yeah, I was dating my own mother.

And then this lady adopted me.

Wow.

Good.

Who know?

Is that just how it's done there?

Say what's done, mate.

Oh.

And did you guys have a meat-cute fall in love, and then she just adopted you at first sight?

Me and me mother, yeah.

Oh, sorry.

Oh, I meant Lady Alemia.

When I met my mother, it was very cute.

Yeah.

In the hospital, you know.

Yeah.

It's coming out of her body.

That's right.

But yeah.

Oh.

Who's...

Stop everything!

I don't think we can have even more people on the show.

It's me.

It's Norib.

Norib.

How are you going, mate?

How are you going?

It's good to see you.

Norib.

I thought I could.

I can't really, though, can I?

It's okay.

We found a weakness.

I think if you stick with it, you'll figure it out.

You just gotta plow on through, mate.

I might.

I don't think so.

I'm not gonna do that.

I might not.

It's all right.

Yeah.

It's Norib.

Sort of getting into the neighbourhood.

Don't think about it.

Just plow through it.

Just find it.

That's right.

Well, I've stopped by to tell you.

Who was?

Jason and I?

Yeah, right.

Why do all these people care about us?

Just let them go.

I've stopped by.

Is there anything new you've ignored about the rules?

Let these two talk to each other.

I still have to tell you it's getting harder and harder to ignore things about the royals in the real Australia.

Oh, no.

It's getting nearly important.

Oh, no.

It's nice.

Yes, and so I've had to leave.

I've had to leave there.

You think?

You picked up a lift.

I've packed up a lift.

So you're here now.

Right now I'm here.

Okay.

Because my dear friend, the zerg.

So you guys are friends.

With best years.

Yeah, with best friends.

Oh, it's opposite of here.

So he was coming here and I said, I don't know how to ignore all this nonsense.

Oh, okay.

Now, Neil that are Queen Elizabeth, he's becoming mortal.

Yeah, his mum is a lady a linear.

Oh, right.

He was trying to get me adopted by her and I was like, I don't feel you.

You're my mate.

I can't do it.

And then finally I did it because we're mates.

Wow.

So that's great.

So you guys get to live together now?

Oh, yeah.

That's right.

We're the very beast of friends.

They're different.

This is great.

This is a really happy ending.

Borin, who are you?

Nora, Nora, Nora, Nora, Nora.

This is Byron.

My best mate.

No, that's not a good idea.

Number four.

Oh boy.

Huh?

That was so much fun.

So funny.

There's a good blog post that Andy put out about doing.

Oh, I saw that.

Yeah.

Yeah, where he talks about how he was cornered into doing the Australian accent without really knowing how to do it.

It's very funny to listen to him struggle because he barely struggles at anything in life.

Let me tell you something.

He's a man of privilege.

I really like to do voices in accents and I think I have a pretty decent ear.

But Australian is really hard.

It's very specific.

And that's certainly the longest I've ever done it into a microphone.

Right.

It's like more than a word or two.

And I was so self-conscious about it immediately.

And then I was like, I just got to let it go and try not to think about it too much.

Knowing it's not going to be perfect.

Right.

I'm not going to be fooling anyone.

Yeah.

It was just fun.

And it's funny to hear Andy try and then slip in and out of it.

Yeah.

And then I walk in.

Yeah, absolutely.

And then I love the part where, you know, and you all heard it, where it's like, hey, this is not a good idea because the minute he has to do English again, he can't lock in the Australian.

It's very, it's a tall order switch back and forth for sure.

On the topic of the Australian accent, there's a podcast I listened to and I'm getting mad every time I have to say the name.

It's called bigsofttitty.png.

Oh, dude.

And it's two comedians, Demi Lardner and Tom Walker in Australia.

And they're very funny and silly.

And there was an episode where they were making fun of people doing Australian accents.

And when they were doing it, I was like, it just sounds like you guys.

That sounds exactly like you.

Yeah.

That's so funny.

But meanwhile, like you're doing Dr. Strange, you know, like hello, I'm Dr. Strange.

I'm so I gotta bring that back.

Yeah.

I really enjoyed doing that.

Have you heard that in one of these clips?

I'm not sure.

I love them.

I'm a Greenwich villain.

He was in the Tatiana episode.

Yes, we did hear it.

I love a hot dog from the street.

Extra mustard plays.

I'm from the Bronx.

That one bit of trivia during the show, the reason.

So the conceit of that was we're doing it on the day that the queen died and Jason and I didn't know it and Byron Denison comes in to tell us.

The thing that happened right as we were beginning the show is I get a New York Times text alert that Ken star died.

And so that's why I didn't know that.

That's why I the guy from the Lewinsky stuff.

I had no idea he died.

Oh, yeah.

It happened during the episode.

This is how I'm finding out.

You were there.

I don't remember you saying Ken star died.

Oh, yeah.

Well, that's why the runner like that's why I bring it up.

I go, well, the queen died.

Surely this will never happen to Ken star.

And Jason looked at me like, what?

And I showed him the text alert.

And that's why that runner was like, oh, and that's why Andy was saying like, oh, I have a feeling he's going to die in five days or whatever.

That was why that happened because I did.

We got the alert in the middle of it.

Don't remember that at all.

Now, we've never followed up on all a Peterson faking the queen's death.

That's right.

So I feel like that's a thread we need to follow up.

Because we don't know if that's true or not.

We don't know if the grizz is lying.

That that was Byron Tenniston who mentioned it.

Oh, but really?

Yeah.

Yeah, because he said that she faked her death and I we just heard it.

Of course we said he said she faked her death.

And I said, wait a minute, was Ali a guy named Ali Peterson involved in was she shaved entirely from head to toe except for her anus.

And he said, yes.

So I think Ali Peterson did this.

Oh, okay.

I guess I have to listen back to that one now.

I mean, we heard some good oil noise in there as well.

So the year of Oh, no continues.

Yes.

All right, we're going to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to crack the top three.

Is that even possible?

Fuck.

Damn shit.

All right, we're going to do it.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang after this crumbs.

Comedy bang bang.

We're back.

And it's doesn't I don't think we should do this anymore.

Scott, what do you mean?

I'm too scared.

I've cracked the top 17.

I've cracked the top 16.

You're scared you're not going to crack the top three.

I don't think I could do it.

I'm a I'm weak.

Scott, I don't have the fortitude.

Think about all the ones you've cracked already.

Yeah, I cracked four.

I cracked five.

I'm like seven.

What's what's three but another number to be cracked?

I guess you're right, Paul.

What is what is grief but love persevering?

That's like feeling shitty.

Yeah, you nailed it.

That's what it is.

Sorry, I thought you were asking me that.

I was and you answered it and you were right.

Okay, good.

Yeah, congrats.

Yeah, being sad and shit.

Yeah, yeah.

Okay, great.

All right, well, let's do it then.

I feel like I could do it.

Let's get to cracking.

We're going to crack it.

This is your choice for number three.

Release the crackers.

Number three.

All right, this is episode.

See, the last one we heard was 775.

This one is episode 759.

This is in the, I'm going to say the early late minutes.

Really late minutes.

Yeah, definitely.

I think you're right about that.

Thank you.

Yeah, thank you.

Pretty sure that you're accurate about that.

This is from May 30th of 2022.

And this is an episode called Hot Sauce Reunion.

I know what this is.

Do you?

We're the group Hot Sauce.

That's true.

And we all know who Hot Sauce is.

Everyone knows Hot Sauce.

The pikest- The chute one.

The dumb one.

We are describing Ben right now.

Yeah, that's right.

The other two.

And the rest.

All right, this is a bench warts.

Adam Palley.

Bunch warts.

Bench warmers is what I said.

The bench warmers.

Oh, isn't it?

I think he said bench warts.

That's what you get when you warm a bench.

Oh, you warm the bench until you get bench warts.

Yeah.

Bench warts and Adam Palley and Gillow's area.

Okay, now all three of these guys were in a comedy group based in New York back in the, I want to say, 2010.

Really 90s?

Oh.

Probably late 2000s, maybe pre 2010, I don't know, but they were all basically, they were a like a three man comedy group at UCB in New York.

They did sketches, they did improv.

And so how did this come about?

I know Adam was in town.

I think what happened was Ben wanted to do an episode.

It's a backyard episode.

And he said, hey, Adam's in town.

Can I try to get Gill?

And all three of them got booked.

They were all available on one day.

And so we decided to turn into a reunion of this group.

No one had ever heard of and asked like, I was doing sort of a bit where I was asking like loving like these kinds of stories you would see at a festival where it's like a group you like the state or whatever getting together and moderator asking loving questions.

And these guys were taking them seriously and actually.

So I sort of just dropped the bid after a while.

Because I thought they would latch on to them understanding that I wasn't serious.

That was very kind of you to drop that bid.

Do you know to this day, I've never seen a single second of the state.

Oh, really?

I don't know why I missed it.

I missed it when it was on.

I don't know why, but I've never seen any of it.

I feel like I caught on to it late when it was on TV and then I bought the DVDs and I don't know that I opened it.

But on I think they're all on Paramount Plus right now.

So I start watching a little bit of them recently.

Oh, there you go.

I'll check it out.

Do you have anything like that?

Like a big thing that you just missed out on?

The Bible.

Oh, my friend, I have good news for you.

What's that?

Spoiler alert, he's risen.

Want to know what that means?

No.

Read this, my copy of the Bible.

Your copy.

Yeah, even if you don't watch the Bible.

Why'd you Xerox the Bible?

I don't have money to spend on two Bibles.

There is a bit.

Xerox the Bible.

There is a bit in the Between the Fords movie with Ryan Gall, where one of his character traits was along the road trip.

He was trying to raise money by buying online books, by buying ebooks and then Xeroxing the pages and trying to sell them his books.

It was really funny.

I think I cut out of it and the story, but it was really funny.

Him doing interviews about why he was doing it and then us filming him at night secretly doing this.

It was very funny.

This is Hot Sauce Reunion.

We're going to hear one section of this.

Earlier I talked to them all as themselves.

It was very funny.

We heard really funny stories about them trying to get into Canada and Gil.

Gil just bringing produce to try to fuck them off and stuff.

It's very funny.

Then Adam did his character Bro, which he hasn't done in maybe seven years, I think.

His character.

If you can call it a character, which is my weed dealer supposedly.

We won't hear those, but let's hear this.

This was before he did Bro, which was Gil Ozeri.

This is his second appearance on the countdown.

He once again brought some tech and he brought an iPad again.

We're going to hear from Gabriel Sardines' grandson.

This is your choice for episode number three.

You all know that he's Gabriel Sardines' grandson.

Do you know who Gabriel Sardines is?

I don't know.

I haven't been informed of that.

Have you heard this name before?

No, I just know he has a long lineage.

He certainly has a father who was the son of Gabriel Sardines.

We know that much for sure.

We know that he's Gabriel Sardines' grandson.

Please welcome Gabriel Sardines' grandson.

Hello.

Hey, what's going on?

Hi, thank you so much for having me to talk about my grandfather.

Was that what you're going to do?

Talk about your grandfather?

Well, I mean, you know, we were wondering who he was.

Oh, this is correct.

This will be very instructional too.

Very famous guy.

Should we Google him?

I'll Google him.

Yeah, you could Google him though.

Well, what was he say?

I can't reach Google.

He was a scientist, a physicist, he, Nobel Prize winner.

No, oh, that's the biggest prize you can get.

I mean, it's not an egot, but.

No, poet laureate.

Poet Laureate.

Yeah, I was a child educator.

I can't find him online.

He was an educator as a child or he educated children.

Both.

He taught children and he was smart enough.

When he was a kid, he was a teacher.

That's correct.

And how old are you, sir?

I'm 19.

19?

Yeah, you sound a lot younger.

You sound a lot younger.

I do.

I sound younger.

Yeah, you do.

I'm 19.

Well, you have this almost like children's arrival.

You have a child like innocent.

Yeah.

Oh, you're close with your grandpa.

You know, I was his caretaker for a bit, but he never got better.

He never got personal with me, you know.

Oh, meaning.

He always kept himself at a distance from you.

Yeah, well, the families are different.

And, you know, he just recently died.

Oh, I'm sorry, buddy.

I'll see you when he passed.

We know nothing about Gabriel Sardina's, by the way, other than what you just told.

Well, isn't it new?

It was all over the news.

I just Google it.

It couldn't see it.

That's weird.

But he's, he was 93.

He was 93 and you're 19.

You're 19.

I mean, that's a 73 year old difference, which means that your father had you very late life.

No, it means that he was fathering late in his life.

Okay.

So how old is your father?

My father is 42.

42?

That's correct.

Okay.

So, that's a, that's a lot.

That's not what I was talking about.

You can have babies.

Scott, that's not what I was talking about.

Well, you've had him come on.

He's, I don't come on.

What I was talking about was more that you said that you were.

I was sorry about it.

I know, but I know, but what I was saying is not that.

Sorry.

Well, say what you're going to say.

I am going to say it.

I'll say number.

I'm not going to sign off the hands.

You're not going to say what you're saying.

Okay.

Just got to be calm.

What I was going to say was that, um, well, it's not shocking for you not to have a close relationship with a man who's in his, his nine, nine.

Well, he was, well, he was early.

He was also, you considered 93 to be late nights.

Anytime you're in your 96.

He was a brilliant guy.

You know, I, I did when he died.

Yeah.

He passed on some of his belongings.

Oh.

And I was looking through his belongings.

Oh, you.

And I come across.

This is a treasure trove I can imagine.

I mean, spoiled.

This man's pay his papers, his ruminations.

Well, I found his phone.

Oh.

What do you mean phone?

Like an old timey, like, Alexander Graham Bell Watson.

I was like, right?

You could believe it.

If you could believe it, it was an iPhone.

Oh, okay.

Was it the first one?

No.

It was a recent generation.

Do you have a new one?

Uh, I think it was, I think it was a 12.

I knew it.

I knew it came out about like two months ago.

Was it a pro?

It wasn't a 30.

I just know that he had a lunch.

This is a new, this is a good choice.

It looked like that.

Didn't have a case on it.

So he, he, well, this isn't right here.

Oh, that's it.

This is his phone.

Look at that.

And it has like a case of five case.

Well, you know, yeah, I, I didn't even know he had this phone.

Yeah.

He kept so many secrets.

Oh, wow.

And he got, he kept so many secrets and he was such a brilliant man.

And the thing is I go, I'm looking through his phone.

Okay.

You're sweating a bit.

I'm a little, yeah.

What's going on?

There's a ton of voice memos.

Oh, from famous people.

No.

From him.

What do you mean?

You recorded a bunch of voice memos.

Okay.

Maybe that's why he bought the phone maybe.

That's why, you know, instead of a tape, they don't sell tape.

They don't sell tape or various anymore.

I can't even find a radio.

I don't know if this is going to ruin what you plan to do, but I don't want to hear them.

I rather not.

Yeah, I don't want to hear.

It's good.

It's for your grandpa.

I don't want to hear.

This is not for public.

I got the same thing, but I feel like this would give us an insight into that case.

Yes.

I do.

Are you really sure?

I don't know.

You don't want to hear that we don't have.

I don't want to hear that.

It's an intrusion.

I mean, first of all, let me say that I'm, I did he give you permission.

I swear that I would play these.

I worry the phone is haunted with his toes.

Two seconds ago, he said it was the show.

I said he's not the girl.

I have a grandson as well, actually.

I don't know.

You're not.

I know.

When did you fall?

Just born.

I fathered when I was 12.

And then there are seven girls.

There's a gun to my grandson's head right now.

I don't play these.

I don't play these voice memos.

He will die.

I don't know.

He was holding the gun.

Who's holding the gun?

Who's holding the gun.

Who's holding the gun?

Who's holding the gun to your girlfriend?

He wanted to hear what his great grandfather had to say.

Well, so why don't you let him listen somewhere else?

Is it well-outplace?

Why come on?

I just want to say that.

I'm okay with a very late term abortion.

Pally is fine.

No, I am fine.

I am fine.

No, it's not the time, Pally.

I'm pleartroists until up until ten years old.

If you don't want to hear them, that's fine.

Is it fine?

No, it's not.

Okay, so I hear you very sad for me because I feel like- If you cry real tears, well, let's say, okay, here we go.

Everybody would want to hear how he's just- Have you heard them yet?

This is a gift to me too.

But what happens if they're negative?

You don't want the world to hear them?

They're probably just going to be regular, nice old- No, boys, what if- Would it bum you out if we didn't hear them because of like all the time and effort it took to find them?

Yeah, and also to set up this jam box?

You know what?

It didn't take any time at all.

It's no sweat off my back.

Sure, my grandson will- You know, his brains will be all- But it has nothing to do with- Did your son lay down plastic or- I have no idea.

I have no idea.

I know it's not a good guy.

I'll listen to the summer that I'll be sure it- What was it a one?

Okay, I just want to say that- If this was a surprise for you, tell us what it feels like to hear these.

I'm very excited once to hear it.

Because my grandfather was so- Mr. Sardinas was so brilliant.

Yeah.

And I could play any one of these.

This one- But you haven't heard any of them.

I haven't heard any of them.

And you're playing them at random?

Playing them at random, this one is called January 11th, 2007.

January 11th, 2007.

Was it recorded on January 11th, 2007, or- No idea.

Scott, I have no idea.

He hasn't played it.

All right, and here we go.

Are you guys ready?

Yeah, I feel like- Here we go.

January 11th, 2007.

I found another little bone in my duty today.

Don't ask me how, don't ask me why.

Scares a shit out of me too.

Call Dr. Seveo.

Ask him how this could have happened, how I could have found a mother little bone in my BM.

What?

Oh god, okay.

Jesus.

I'm not sure what that was.

Jesus Christ.

Weird title to put on- I would have called it bone in duty or something.

Just not January 7th, 2007.

Not sure.

That was- He's a brilliant guy.

This one is called Fish Under the Couch.

You know, it's so interesting.

I'm not sure what this one is.

So he actually was titling that previous one.

I guess this one's called Fish Under the Couch.

Wait a minute, before you do it, are you sure you want to?

The first one was kind of negative and weird.

I think there's going to be a gem in here.

All right, here we go.

He's a brilliant guy.

He refers to number two in such a gem.

He's a B.M.

I mean, it's a very brilliant man.

Get out from under there.

Fucking fish under the couch.

Get out!

I can't fucking lift this goddamn...

This goddamn couch.

Fucking...

Can't fucking eat it with a broom.

I can't fucking do any.

Fucking sticks in here.

Fucking reeks my fucking truck.

God damn it.

Get out!

You fucking fish.

Get out from under my couch.

Oh my God.

Why did he record that?

Why did he attach it?

Why would you not remember that moment?

I have no idea.

But not only did he record it, he then titled it what he wanted to remember it as.

I guess maybe because it is so odd.

If you had a fish under your couch, you'd be like, I gotta remember that.

Remember that time that that happened?

When you just want to like...

What mental state I was in?

Wow.

That's unbelievable.

He was such a brilliant guy.

Did you write stories about that fish?

I don't know.

But that happened before he won the Nobel Prize.

Oh, what did he win the Nobel Prize for?

For big science.

Oh, I think so.

He was involved in big science.

He wouldn't.

Yeah, I didn't really know this.

He must have won that Nobel Prize pretty late in the late.

I think he did.

This one is called...

If his voice memos are after.

Yeah, I mean, that makes no sense.

But this one is called...

What is this one called?

This one is called...

Yeah, what's going on?

You're playing another one?

I really don't want to hear anymore.

The best meal I've ever eaten?

Big reminder or description of my broken penis.

Big reminder.

That's when I was here.

You remember to steal your daughter-in-laws underwear and...

Geez.

... love them up your fucking ass.

Geez.

Christ.

Jesus Christ.

You know what?

I didn't know what that slipped.

I didn't know my grandfather and I obviously had some...

Dementia.

I mean, can you imagine forgetting that was a thought.

Seeing the reminder, clicking it, and then sharing it to...

Oh, right.

Oh, she almost left without doing that almost.

Well, it seems like you can't get any worse than that.

Well, it's just description of...

What about this broken penis?

This is a description of my broken penis for Dr. Seville.

I have a very bulbous tip.

It's almost like a fat pillow.

I'm always erect nonstop 24-7.

But my penis is pointed right down to the ground, like an arrow.

It's purple, very purple.

It's violet at the tip, I should say, and the base is more of a gleaming red.

My penis is pulsating.

Different times, it's pulsating at different rates.

This...

It's really, really new.

It's hard.

Obviously the back of my penis is very white.

And it's going...

I can hear them down my shaft.

But here's the thing.

It looks like there's three or four little bugs that can be seen inside it and they're using the vein.

It's a smooth sort of elevator on my foot.

That's Dr. Seville about the bug.

How's the doctor for...

The doctor is like a wide breath.

He does everything.

He's more than just an EN.

Seems like a family doctor.

It seems like it's a big city.

Now, here's one that I don't even know.

I don't even know what it means.

I don't know what it means.

This just says FAR.

FAR.

F-F-A-R.

Okay.

Here we go.

It's a long one.

Oh my God.

Short title.

You're right.

Hold on.

This is FAR.

That's so far.

It's so far.

He misspelled it while he fell far.

Jamie is autocorrected.

Jamie is scientists.

Spelt far from that.

It had to remind himself that he farted the long one.

Okay.

How much longer is on this one?

35 more seconds.

It's amazing.

It's amazing that he had the foresight at the time.

To actually pick up his phone and root it.

To be like, this one's going to be enormous.

This one's going to be going to be enormous.

Yeah.

Oh man.

Oh, still going.

Wow.

How many more seconds we got?

25.

25 more.

I'll stop it there.

Oh my God.

He's not the genius you thought he was.

He's like a big dummy.

He's a very pureile sense of humor.

I mean, he does sound like that.

I don't know.

I think all of these voicemails have the same value.

Oh, that's interesting.

Which value is that?

Nothing.

No.

Oh my God.

That's absolutely not true.

It feels like it has none.

I mean, just to know about my grandfather's.

Look, he's a brilliant guy.

And looking into his light.

You don't think he could be pranking you?

No.

From beyond the grave.

Like knowing he left the phone for you.

This is what says usual Starbucks order.

Do me a favor, honey.

Let me get one hot latte, but put a ton of ice in it and do me a favor.

Just do me a goddamn favor and stir it.

Stir it with your fucking finger, please.

Stir that goddamn latte with your finger.

You do that and don't wash it.

You don't think that he's.

He's messing with you from the grave.

It feels like something he just recorded like earlier this morning.

Oh, no.

He has some folder called Great Songs I Made Up.

Would you like to hear that?

All right.

I would love to hear one of those.

This is called Made PeePee.

It'd be real.

PeePee.

Like a good boy.

Shoot.

You're melting the lyrics so often.

You've never heard this before.

You're melting and you're not proud of it.

You're not proud of it.

You wasn't too special.

It wasn't too thick.

It didn't splash anywhere.

But in that porcelain, it was a beautiful PeePee.

My grandfather was a genius.

I love him.

Gabrielle Sardíne is his mouth and he was just silently saying, PeePee.

Can I ask you a question about the lyrics?

His name is in the game, though, by the way.

What is your name?

You haven't said your name yet.

It's Irving.

Oh, I assumed that he was a junior.

Like from Sudden.

No, it's Irving Sardíne.

It's a brand-new game.

Oh, it's Irving Sardíne.

And this is actually, I've heard of this song.

This one's called Sparkalonia.

Sparkalonia.

I really do have a question about that.

Sparkalonia is needed you.

Sparkalonia is wanted you.

Sparkalonia is asked for you.

Sparkalonia is demanded you.

Sparkalonia is begged for you.

Sparkalonia is screaming for you.

I think we got it.

Sparkalonia is wanted you.

You're melting the word.

Not true.

I don't need a word.

Sparkalonia is smart.

You just said one second of yours is really green.

Sparkalonia is cold for you.

That was Sparkalonia.

This is not that far off from an Andrew Lloyd Webber song.

I don't think the craft is over by the way.

This description of a young neighbor with red hair.

Gorgeous red hair.

Just so beautiful.

Goes right from the head down to the tothas.

Oh, is that Jewish guy?

Do you think some of that gorgeous red hair curls up at the end when she's nude?

It curls right up into the toth.

Yeah.

It's a fucking creep.

Why are you doing it, Daz?

I think that red hair curls.

Okay.

It tickles the tosh.

It tickles the little asshole.

Oh, come on.

Jesus.

That's what I want to know.

All right.

Look, I like Sparkalonia.

Sparkalonia is a whole other folder called Media Ochre Songs.

I made up.

Oh, wait.

That's your one.

That was the creep of the crop.

What do you, I'll give you the choices you tell me which one.

And big because we have to go to a break.

This is the last one.

Pick your favorite one.

I knew we should not.

That is true.

Adam pleaded.

Pick your favorite thing that I know you haven't heard any of these, even though you're mouthing along with them.

They're all terrible.

There's also more descriptions of my broken penis.

Oh, no.

Oh, wait.

What's this one?

This one.

I fucking hate my grandson.

I hate him.

I hate his fucking face.

I hate the way he speaks.

He smells like absolute fucking shit.

He's a turd.

He's a fucking turd.

Oh, no.

He'll never be anything.

He'll never amount to anything.

He's a shit.

I wish he would just die.

I wish he would die.

I wish a fucking car would run over his head.

Wow, I'm sorry.

He went over and over again.

I can see his brain.

Snog out of his fucking eye sockets.

And then you know what I do?

I fucking eat them like oysters.

Fuck him.

Fuck my grandson.

He sucks.

He's an awful awful.

Okay.

Oh, my God.

I'm so sorry, Eric.

This is horrible.

Maybe play one of the mediocre songs to watch out of it.

No, I mean, there's one more after.

This is the very last thing he recorded before he passed away.

I gotta say, I don't care if this last one ties up any loose ends.

You don't want to hear it?

I found him like a little bone in my dirty today.

Okay.

Don't forget to call Dr. Sivio and ask him about it because...

Right.

Fuck, there's been several bones in my duty every time.

Right.

I B.M.

I really thought it was going to wrap up the storyline.

Right.

I mean, it's got full circle.

And I'm not talking to some small chicken bone in my duty.

I'm talking about a bowl and socket joint.

Joints.

And you find in your shoulder your kneecap.

That's too big.

I'm gonna stop finding these bones and I do.

I'm gonna stop.

Okay.

I thought maybe there'd be one where he said, no, I was just kidding about hating my grands.

No.

Just bringing the bone and the duty back.

Jesus Christ.

Well, Irvine.

All these tomatoes.

They fall away.

Okay, look.

We have to go to a break.

Jesus Christ.

Number three.

Yes.

Number three.

Very funny.

Gill, Justin Sane.

You should all listen to the CBB Presents episode.

Sparklonious, the lost memoir of Gabriel Sardinas.

Memoir.

Of Gabriel Sardinas, which Gill recorded and produced himself and just sent it to me.

Like, hey, do you want to do a CBB Presents sometime with one of these things you do?

And he goes, yeah.

And then a few weeks later sent it to me.

The entire thing totally produced and then drew cover art for it as well.

Yeah, he drew that.

Oh boy.

He's very talented, very talented man.

David Casp, the happy endings creator, also created Black Monday.

He tells a lot of funny stories about Gill in the writer's room doing weird pranks and stuff.

Very funny guy.

I'm not a strange person.

Strange person.

But that very, yeah, really good.

That was a fun episode.

And just those three together, they have great chemistry.

Is it any wonder that Hot Sauce is the same synonymous with comedy?

It's a terrible date.

All right.

We're going to take a break.

When we come back, we're going to crack the top two.

We can do it.

Oh my God.

Here we go.

We're going to be back with more comedy bang bang after this.

Comedy bang bang.

We are back.

And guess what?

What?

We're about to go crackers.

I like that better than calling ourselves crackers.

Okay, crackers for synonymous with being crazy, slang for being crazy.

In Britain, yeah.

It's crackers.

Oh, that's crackers.

I think about things like that where the person has to explain it the first time.

Oh, I'm going to call this crackers.

I think he's crackers.

What?

He's out of his mind.

Okay.

Was that the...

Yeah.

So you just started saying that and I'm supposed to say it now?

Yeah.

You can if you want it.

I'm just saying I think he's crackers.

What's that mean again?

It means it's like crazy.

He's out of his mind.

Crackers.

I think you're crackers.

Wait, I just said it's catching us up.

That's probably how it went.

That was eerie.

You and I should come up with more words because like all these new words they get added to the OED every year.

But here's what I like is that is taking a word that already exists and then using it to mean something else.

Yeah, like what?

Crackers.

Car.

Hey, don't be such a car.

What does that mean?

How do we get to car from automobile?

I know.

It's like auto I understand.

Auto car, I guess at one point?

Why?

I don't know.

But I think someone just got tired at that one point.

I was just like, just calling it a car.

Car.

Can we shorten automobile to what?

Car.

How did we get from automobile to tar?

I don't know.

Boy, that's a good question.

And I love that movie.

Did you see tar?

No, I would see.

It's pretty good.

I've heard it's good.

Yeah.

Did you see an avatar?

Oh my God.

She showed up in avatar.

To return to the world of the Navi hashtag.

Squat goals.

What does she say in tar?

No, I haven't seen hashtag rules of the game.

It almost made me not want to see tar because it's in the commercial.

Oh no.

Hashtag rules of the game.

Anytime somebody in a movie says hashtag out loud, it's an impossible movie to pull clips from.

So they must have liked the one thing that she said, which kind of sounds like a saucy thing.

They're like, oh, thank God.

Did somebody say hashtag out loud in Birdman or the unexpected virtue of ignorance?

I hope so.

Hashtag Birdman.

I know Birdman was like tweet about this movie.

You're obsessed with going viral.

Was he?

I don't remember anything about it.

No, he wasn't.

He was saying that about the younger generation.

Yeah.

That's all they care about.

But to be fair, they do.

Oh, I care about.

Oh my God.

Do you think we're going viral right now?

Fuck, please.

Let's go viral.

We want to go viral.

Please.

Oh, man.

Hashtag Birdman.

On one of our text threads.

Whenever Tim Calpackus tweets something funny and somebody shares another thread, Tim's response is, oh, no, did I go viral again?

It makes me laugh every time.

Yeah.

Well, if you want us to go viral, tweet about the comedy, bang, bang, best of hashtag Birdman.

Hashtag Birdman.

Please tweet about the comedy, bad, best of the hashtag Birdman.

Please.

We need people that we need to get the word out about these.

Yeah.

Hashtag Birdman.

Even if it's just you write out the words comedy, bang, bang, best of hashtag Birdman.

Fine.

Done.

You don't have to comment on anything?

No, please.

Just say that, that name with that hashtag.

That's all you want.

All right.

It's time, Paul.

Time to crack the top two.

Shit.

Wow.

Are you excited?

Yeah, man.

All right.

Here we go.

This feels comfortable.

You know what I mean?

I'll admit that I was scared when we were cracking the top three.

First I was afraid.

I was petrified.

Yeah.

Oh, you were petrified?

I was just afraid.

I know she, she amends it.

It's like, okay, we got it when you said afraid.

First I was afraid.

I was actually petrified.

It's like, hey, dude, we got it just from saying afraid.

You can just end there.

Well, but as I'm telling you, I'm realizing I was more than afraid.

I was petrified.

Well, why don't you just say first I was petrified?

Jesus Christ.

At first I was petrified.

I don't like it when in the middle of songs, the writer amends something that they said, which like the worst is, of course, your song, your song.

Yeah.

Which is amazing.

Yeah.

Is it?

If I was a sculptor.

But then again, no.

Hey, do a second draft, asshole.

Yeah.

Fucking good.

I would love to know the decision to leave that.

I know.

If it was, it was a plan from the beginning or he just maybe was an actual mistake.

He was dictating to a parrot.

Fuck.

Polly, take this down.

Fuck.

Fire sculpture.

I was going there.

Well, wait until I say it.

But then again.

Then again.

No.

Quack.

Wait until I say it, parrot.

And then parrot's going to help him, isn't that sad?

Pre-cog parrot.

We got a red ball for this pre-cog parrot.

Wait, wait, wait.

It's going to be a burner.

That movie's a waste of time.

I feel like people like it.

I watch it.

It's made it.

For some reason, I feel like in the last couple of years, I've heard it referenced so many more times than I ever had.

I like these things which are like all about science of like science that doesn't exist, by the way.

Yeah.

But wrestling with these moral quandaries of should we do this science and then the end result is no.

No, we shouldn't.

All right, let's do it.

This is your choice for number two.

Number two.

All right.

Number two, Paul.

This is episode 752.

You're telling me.

Yeah.

Two after 750.

This is the very early mid to late.

Yep.

Nailed it.

This is from April 11th of 2022.

And this is an episode called Wet Day Special.

Now listen.

Yeah.

You're knocking over that step stool.

I want what is Angela going to do without that step stool?

We've admitted that we dropped the ball.

Oh my God.

He admitted.

Oh my God.

We admitted.

Oh my God.

We admitted that we dropped the ball on recording on recording the numbers for the best of sorry, even though we have people remind us and they did hashtag sorry, not sorry.

But let me tell you something.

We asked people remind us about Wet Day and we fucking get a day special.

We came through.

That's right.

Last year on the best ofs, we came up with the concept of wet day.

Neither of us knows what it is.

No, we didn't flesh it out any more than that.

We don't remember this conversation.

Why we said it?

We just asked you all to remind us about it and what day it was.

Because we had decided a day.

Yeah, we decided it was in April.

I don't even remember what day.

I feel like April 12th.

I could be wrong.

Yeah, it was either that or April 10th or something.

I don't know if Wet Day is talking.

But we came up with the concept of wet day.

We currently don't even remember what it is.

Nope.

We asked you all to remind us maybe a month beforehand.

You all did.

We made this episode called Wet Day special.

Let me tell you something.

When is Wet Day the first two searches, the first thing that populates, when is Wet Day comedy, bang bang?

Great.

So we've made an impression.

So you know we're on the right track.

It fucking comes up like it's an actual holiday.

There it is.

Well, it's so weird.

Wow.

Thank you, Google.

Google knows when Wet Day is April 10th.

Yes.

April 10th.

All right.

So April 10th is Wet Day.

April 10th is Wet Day.

By the way, April 10th of 2023 is a Monday.

So we're going to be celebrating Wet Day on the day the episode.

Three days a week, actually.

Yep.

So if you listen to this episode, you will hear us trying to ascertain, trying to discern what Wet Day is from our memory and what could possibly happen on Wet Day.

We're not going to hear that clip, rather.

We are going to hear from two people who was their first appearance on the show, Mike and Ike Mink salmon.

That's right.

Do you want to talk about Mike and Ike Mink salmon?

Yes.

Because the people involved are Paula Tompkins, Drew Tarver, and Ryan Goll.

Ooh.

I'm trying to find his voice.

Yeah.

Exactly.

Whoa.

So Drew and I discovered that we both liked doing impressions of Mike Erman Trout.

From Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul.

And so I had done one just like around the house for Janie, which always got a good laugh out of her.

And was really, and was really always got one good laugh out of her.

I would do it for, oh my God.

I was like, come on, come on, come on.

One more?

No.

And I really enjoyed doing it.

He's got a fun voice and talking about his granddaughter and everything.

And then I heard Drew do it on the Teacher's Lounge podcast.

And I texted him and said, hey, I do that voice too.

Can we do it together on Comedy Bang Bang sometime?

And then I think it was like a year later or something.

It was a long time.

Oh, yeah.

You didn't tell me that.

He asked if he could do it.

I think I was reaching out to him, hey, are you around?

Can you do it?

And he goes, hey, Paula and I want to do this thing.

Okay.

So this is the first I was hearing about it.

I mean, I can't keep track of how long or short time is anymore at all.

Yeah.

Well, one second a day later.

One second.

Oh, fuck.

You're right.

Yeah.

That's a good scale.

Yeah, it's pretty trivial.

It's a one to one scale.

And so we finally decided to do it.

And this was the first time.

Yeah.

So we're going to hear these characters.

Mike and I can make Mink Sam and they became fan favorites.

This is, I mean, it's all the way up to number two.

This is it.

We're going to hear it.

This is your episode number two.

Number two.

All right.

Well, we have to get to our next guests.

This is exciting.

They are the aforementioned two grandfathers.

Please welcome to the show spike and Mike Mink Sammon.

Let me tell you, if anything happens to my granddaughter, I'm going to visit you and you're not going to be happy about it.

Okay.

All right.

Look at our grandkids.

Okay.

So not.

We're a child.

We each have a granddaughter.

And don't go near.

And is it the same granddaughter?

If we see you near our granddaughter while she's swinging on the playground, you'll have a problem.

Okay.

All right.

If my granddaughter is coloring and something makes her go outside the lines, I'm going to come for you.

Okay.

We'll have to get it taken care of.

I doubt I'll be even coming into contact with your granddaughter.

Okay.

Stay away.

Is it the same person?

I do need to figure that out because like you seem to be related.

How would that be possible?

Well, I mean, you have the same last name.

Are you related?

Yes.

We're brothers.

Okay.

So or you could be married.

We could be.

But we're not.

But you're not.

Okay.

So your brothers.

But if we were going to get married and our granddaughter was at our wedding, you don't need to get near the wedding.

Okay.

Our granddaughter is the flower girl at our wedding, walking down the aisle, sprinkling rose petals.

And you show up there.

You're not going to like what happens.

We'll have to take care of you.

You'll end up in a Chicago overcoat.

Yep.

What is a Chicago overcoat?

A coffin.

A coffin?

Really?

That's right.

They call that a Chicago overcoat.

Even outside of Chicago.

That's right.

Everywhere around the country, they call it a Chicago.

Everyone knows it's a Chicago overcoat.

Are you guys from Chicago?

No.

Yeah, I can tell you're like from back east and you're from the south.

Is that right?

We're from the same place.

Exactly the same place.

Sort of the southern part of Philadelphia.

Oh, okay.

South Philly.

Okay.

That's right.

Okay.

And you guys are brothers.

We're brothers.

And you have a one of you as a granddaughter and one of you.

I have a granddaughter and I have a granddaughter.

And you better stay away.

Okay.

I'm not going to come into even contact with your granddaughter unless I already know her.

In a Brooklyn shawl.

If you come near.

Let me guess a coffin.

Is that another?

Yeah.

Everyone in the country calls it that.

Everyone everywhere calls it a coffin.

Who is your girl?

You mean the Brooklyn shawl?

A Brooklyn shawl.

I made a mistake.

Everyone makes mistakes.

If it happens.

If you bring up that mistake one more time, you're in trouble.

All right.

My granddaughter will know about it.

It happens that people make mistakes.

But what if I make the mistake of getting too close to your granddaughter?

Listen, I'm not going to tell you again.

My granddaughter is off limits.

If you go near my granddaughter, you're going to get a Saint Paul slacks.

Saint Paul slacks.

That's right.

What is a let me guess a coffin?

It's a coffin.

Yeah.

And everyone calls it that.

Everyone calls it a coffin.

I mean.

Everyone.

So, yeah, you you have this coffin glossary.

It shows you all the different states and all the different coffins.

Okay.

Arkansas.

Left sock.

That's right.

Interesting.

Okay.

New Mexico.

Or did you guys already say New Mexico?

No, we have a brother in New Mexico.

We do.

You stay away from our brother.

Don't get close.

Who's this brother?

Leave his granddaughter alone.

Okay.

Look, everyone is a granddaughter.

Pretty much, right?

No.

That math doesn't check out.

But about 50% of the world is a grand dog.

Yes.

Right?

On the dog.

Like almost impossible to not be a grand dog.

50% of the world are grandparents.

Yeah.

You have to try not to be.

50% of the world aren't grandparents.

I'm saying 50% of the world are grand dogs.

And yet you were right.

50% of the world are grandparents.

Grand family.

So what are you guys here to talk about?

Maybe you saw the bumper sticker on the back of our car.

I did not.

I love my grand family.

You have the same bumper sticker, but separate cars?

Yes.

Separate cars.

We have to drive right next to each other.

Oh, because one bumper sticker has half of it and the other bumper sticker has one.

And unfortunately for us, it's perforated.

So it could tear very easily.

They didn't tell us that till after we bought the bumper sticker.

Oh, no.

How much is this bumper sticker?

$20.

$20 and you couldn't just say a lesson.

$20,000.

I mean, they're longer than normal bumper stickers.

The part that's not perforated is very strong.

What happens if you're...

Once he took a left and I dragged him.

I still have the scars.

Scars like you're going to have if you touch my grand dog.

I'm not going to touch your grand dog.

Don't go near.

Do I know her?

You better not know my grand dog is my grand dog.

You know you don't want me to know her?

You know her well.

I know her well.

But I do know her?

You know her too well.

A little too well.

You get a little too close.

Who is this granddaughter?

You better stop asking questions about my grand daughter, whom you already know very well.

Are there eight simple rules for knowing your grand daughter or...

There's 11 rules.

There's 11.

That's right.

Can I know those?

Yes.

Okay.

Let's hear them.

One.

Starting all the way at the most important.

Wow.

No.

The higher it gets the more.

Yes, yes.

One is the easiest one.

Okay.

Don't go near my grand daughter.

Okay.

Now these are rules for getting near your grand daughter.

Yes.

Number one is don't get...

That's right.

Don't call her by name.

Okay.

Don't even look at her.

Okay.

Keep her name out of your mouth.

Okay.

Number five.

Keep her name out of your fucking mouth.

Okay.

It's very similar to the previous rule.

Don't buy her anything.

Buy her anything.

Okay.

Like, what are we talking about?

Yes.

I guess that is buying something...

I think anything covers it.

Don't buy her anything.

That means there's not a thing you could buy accidentally that's okay.

Don't buy her anything.

Anything.

So from a spark plug, the tiniest spark plug.

The put on the side of the road.

Straight knock and then Noah's ark this with you.

Don't buy her anything.

A zebra.

Okay.

That's number seven I think.

Yes.

Number eight.

Turn around and walk away.

Okay.

Right now or...

It's in the rules.

I'm in the middle of the show.

Okay.

All right.

Number nine.

Do not under any circumstances.

Some of these rules have their own words.

That's okay.

No it sounds tricky but it's intuitive.

Is it like the English word circumstances?

Does it?

Exactly.

It relates to that a little bit.

It relates to that, yes.

But it's a totally different definition?

Not totally.

Some of the words are the same.

Totally, not totally.

So under any...

Do not under any circumstances.

Help her get out of a situation.

Of any situation.

Any situation.

Any stoke abstances.

Don't help her get out of any situation.

Okay.

All right.

Ten.

Watch your language and be polite.

Okay.

He's getting further and further away from the English I know.

And then there's got to be one and the most important rule.

Number eleven.

This one you better remember.

Okay.

Don't look at her.

You don't look at her.

Okay.

I think I can remember the gist of all that.

I think I...

Read them back.

Don't have anything to do with her.

Don't go near.

Don't buy anything for her.

Good.

Keep her name out of my fucking mouth.

Proceed.

Keep her name out of my mouth without the fucking...

Good.

And don't go near her.

Yes.

And under any circumstances, don't help her out of a situation.

I think I got her.

That was only four.

No.

That was way more than four.

Look, I don't even...

I don't know your granddaughter.

Why do you love your granddaughter so much?

Let's keep it that way.

Yes, I will keep it that way.

Although, apparently I do know her, but why do you love her?

Did you really ask us why do we love our granddaughter so much?

Yeah, I can love your granddaughter.

They're a pain in the ass as far as I'm concerned.

Have you ever been on the other side of a seesaw with your granddaughter?

Have you ever been at the park sitting on a bench watching your granddaughter on a swing?

And then every once in a while she says, look how high I go pop up and you say, I see your kid, you're flying.

Have you ever got your granddaughter for the last half of the day and you take her out to get food and ice cream?

And she wasn't supposed to have ice cream.

Have you ever yelled at your granddaughter so bad you scared her into tears and then your daughter-in-law of your dead son gets upset?

This sounds very specific.

No, I have not done any of these things.

Do you have one more?

Do you drive a late 80s Chrysler?

Have a friend named Salamanca.

Oh, this sounds pretty specific.

No, I don't have either of those things.

Are you the enforcer, friend, secret drug lord who fronts a chain of chicken restaurants?

No, unfortunately I'm not.

Well, it sounds like you're going to have to be put into a Washington, D.C. mini tea.

What did D.C.

Isn't even a state?

Well, they made it in there.

Taxation without representation is tyranny.

Oh, are you political?

Just on that school.

Just on that.

What do you think of taxes in general?

I don't like to pay them, but if you want to stay legitimate, you got to pay you tax.

You got to pay a few of them.

It's nice that we have nice roads to drive on to do our business.

And that's what taxes do.

Interesting.

So that must take up a lot of your time.

Yeah, it takes a lot of our time, but also we are those guys at the boardwalk who dress in silver paint and be still, but we have trouble being still.

Yeah, you guys are really squirrely.

It's hard because I see people thinking about going near my grandpa and I ruin the illusion of being a silver robot.

Unfortunately, our granddaughters are nearby and unattended so we can't be still.

Are those guys supposed to be motionless to fool you into thinking their statues or robots?

Because I would assume a robot moves.

Not all robots move.

A coffee maker is a robot.

It doesn't go anywhere.

Here's my thing about robots and let's see if you agree.

Okay.

Everyone's like, oh no, we can't create robots because they're going to take over the world.

Don't give them thumbs.

Case closed.

They're going to call our granddaughter and see what she says.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, call her up.

You've actually asked this to our granddaughter because you know her well.

Yeah, I've talked about this with your granddaughter already.

We were furious.

All right, let's give her a call.

Here we go, dialing the number that you guys gave me.

Hello.

Why did I say hello first?

I don't.

Mom.

Hi, this is Scott Ockerman of Comedy Bang Bang.

Who?

Scott.

It's okay, honey.

Pop up.

Hi, pop up.

You can talk to this man, but don't let him talk to you for too long.

Okay.

I'm playing.

I love you.

I know you're playing really good.

I love you too.

Thanks.

What are you playing?

Do you mind me asking?

Is that okay?

Easy.

I'm separating my Halloween Canyon to piles.

Oh my God.

It's really late to do that.

I guess.

It's wet.

It's wet day already.

Thank you.

Don't criticize my granddaughter.

We let her eat all the old candy that she wants.

Okay.

So what are the categories you're celebrating?

Old candy is Halloween candy because candy is sold year round.

I put them into piles of all their different flavors.

Oh, look at that.

Great piles as you made.

Wishes, peanut butter, cups, Reese's, pieces.

Do you have piles of...

No, only I'm done.

She's not done.

Okay.

Don't interrupt my grand brother.

That worked?

I'm going to give you a trophy.

It's not there.

Stop there.

I'm good at that.

No one later is watching my collage.

Peppermint kids.

What?

What's that?

What?

What was that?

Come from Peppermint Kids.

What do you mean Peppermint Kids?

Is somebody messing with you?

What's Peppermint Kids?

That's when you mush together Peppermint, panning and sourpats kids.

Okay.

That's not one of our code words.

So everything's fine.

Everything's fine.

So code words and what happens if the granddaughter says one of the code words?

You get a trophy and then you present it with a Pennsylvania patio set.

Do you guys have go bags or anything?

Or like I would imagine your granddaughters go bag is just filled with Halloween candy.

Is that...

Don't imagine things about my granddaughters.

It's got a lot of candy and a lot of gravy.

Stacks of five pennies.

Nabbles.

Stacks of five pennies.

Floss.

Ain't watermelon suckers.

Okay.

Are you done?

Honey?

Okay.

Say she has floss.

That's a good girl.

Good girl.

Thank you.

Okay.

Say goodbye.

No.

We haven't asked her about...

So see you knew her.

Creating thumbs on robots yet.

Sounds familiar.

What do you think about creating thumbs on robots?

Hey.

Oh, she's still there.

As is Scott.

Are we going to be meeting up again today?

Uh...

You better stay away from my granddaughters.

Don't you dare.

Who are you?

They say I know you really well.

Who is this?

You know my name.

Who?

Don't tell them honey.

Don't say it.

You know my name.

What is your name?

We work together all the time.

We do.

What?

Yeah.

I'm...

Where am I seeing you?

I'm a person every day.

Every single day.

Cool up?

You better stay away.

Don't you dare.

Be careful.

You're on thin ice.

We're going to drive side by side over to your house and then put you in a New York grill.

Grill.

This is the cookware.

That's right.

Cookware portion.

Okay.

It's that kind that was advertised on podcast there for a while.

Hey honey.

What do you think about the thumbs on robots?

Are you still there?

I'm here.

I was just...

I was playing a new game.

Oh, what's the game honey?

I was counting letters.

How many are there 26 right?

Yeah, but not.

You can count.

I figured out you can count different letters multiple times.

So like...

Oh.

Counting...

Oh, that's amazing.

So like being for instance you could count it how many times.

I've counted these 100 times, 114 times so far.

Wow.

That's a lot of times to count a B.

I'm coming over.

Don't condescend to my old man.

Hey.

I'm coming over Scott.

I want to play against your house again.

I don't think you should count over.

Honey.

Listen to pop pop.

Don't come over here just yet.

Okay.

Because Scott might not be here by the time you get here.

I'm out of a trophy by the time you're here.

Might be wearing something.

I'm going to be wearing it.

Okay.

Say goodbye, honey.

Say goodbye.

F.

Yeah.

You're just going to have to hang up.

Okay.

Bye.

Wow.

What have you learned?

I'm not placing the voice I have to say.

I mean, someone I see every single day.

Every single day.

The majority of the day.

I think it's just cool.

You spend nine hours or more with this person every single day.

Definitely got to be cool out, but she doesn't have any Halloween candy.

She doesn't talk like a little baby.

And I don't think either of you are a grandfather.

Don't insult my granddaughter.

If you say we are lying about having a granddaughter, we will come over there.

Very weird you would say that.

Anytime someone says like.

We would lie about having a granddaughter.

You better watch your step.

Be careful.

If you think we are just boardwalk performers that are lying about our granddaughters.

Just to get on this show.

And don't even have a Dairy Queen friend, John.

Look, I would have had you guys on just as the boardwalk performers.

That's, I mean, maybe even more interesting than having granddaughters.

We said to your producer that we were a huge fan of Wet Day.

And we washed off all our silver and we got sopping wet and we came down here.

We came right down here.

Okay.

But why the, I'm assuming you guys are lying.

Is that.

If you say we're lying about having a granddaughter, then you might be a redneck.

Yeah, it might be.

Number two.

Yeah.

So Ryan Gall was waiting in the wings in my backyard waiting to do Doug Groeps, which he does in the next segment.

But he did the granddaughter's voice for that when we were taking calls.

We could not remember her name.

For the longest time.

Kaylee, Kaylee.

Right.

Yeah.

I think we looked it up when we did it live.

Right.

You did it live up in Portland.

Is that right?

Up in Portland Way.

Yeah.

And that was really fun.

Yeah.

So added.

I mean, you added some stuff to.

Oh, it eventually got to the point where you realize you guys.

You're we murdered our own son because he's getting too close for our granddaughter, which was his daughter.

Right.

So funny.

All right.

So we'll see you next wet day and please remind us.

Remind us.

When do we want people to remind us?

No.

No, but maybe maybe six weeks before.

I tell you what?

Yeah.

Six before.

I'm going to put in my calendar right now.

Okay.

And then hashtag Birdman.

Yes.

Comedy Bang Bang.

I love the Comedy Bang Bang best ever.

It was hashtag Birdman.

Birdman.

I got to put it in mine as well.

Just remind myself that it's going to happen.

And maybe we don't do it.

Okay.

April 10th.

Yes.

April 10th.

Wet day special two.

I'm going to call it.

The second annual Wet Day special.

Heart dual.

All right.

So that was number two.

That's pretty exciting.

Pretty exciting stuff.

I mean, it's exciting because we're about to go to number one.

Oh man.

Can you imagine being at number one and then hearing that clip?

Guess what?

We're going to do it when we come back from this break.

It's great.

I have six minutes by the way.

Oh, okay.

Shit.

I didn't know you had a time constraint.

All right.

We'll be right back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

We're back.

I'm so sorry.

Yeah.

What's up?

Devin, do you know who shields in your Nailar?

I do.

Okay.

Yeah.

Good.

Thank you.

We were glad.

We just wanted to get the word out about the shield and Yarnell.

Have you had the good news?

Shields in your Nailar husband, wife, mom, do it?

Oh my God.

Welcome back.

And Paul, it's been four days since we took a break and Paul said he had to go and he did.

Yeah.

He disappeared.

You went off the grid for a while.

But I did come back.

I was completely off the grid.

Well, you only came back because I tracked you down with a private investigator.

Okay.

But I came back.

It's the important thing.

You're back.

That guy.

Find me.

Credit card receipts.

You got to go cash list.

I forgot when you go off the grid you shouldn't use your credit card.

That's what it would be.

And I mean, I was buying shit like crazy.

Yeah, the Amazon delivered.

I had Amazon deliveries every day all day long.

Man, this is our final segment on the show.

It had to come to this.

We've taken our final break.

And we're back from it.

That's the last break we'll ever take for these best of these.

Oh my God.

I'm getting so sentimental.

We are going to hear the top episode of the year now.

It's impossible to believe.

I can't believe it, but we're going to do it.

You voted on it.

This is it.

This is your number one.

Number one.

All right, Paul.

All right, Scott.

This is episode 738.

Oh, this is fucking squarely in the early.

No, the late early.

The late early mids.

Yep.

Of 700s.

We did it.

Wow.

And this is from January 3 of 2022.

That seems like the beginning of the year.

Maybe the first episode.

The first episode and the first episode of the backyard era.

Of 2022?

The great backyard era of 2021.

Yeah, exactly.

And Paul, you wanted me to alert you to it.

This was the first Oh No episode.

Thank you.

What do you think?

Did you want to guess or something?

Or you just wanted me to alert you?

I think I would like to hazard a guess.

Okay, do you want to hear the title or do you just want to hazard the guess first?

I want to hazard a guess first.

I think that this episode involves a certain MD.

Yep.

Michael Mcdonald.

Who's talk is?

Talk is a bit on the non-savory side.

Oh, the sweet variety.

That's right.

This is an episode called Three Doctors Oh No.

And it's number one.

The people involved are Benchworts.

We heard from him a couple episodes ago.

Benchworts.

Benshwarts.

Katie dipled.

Dipled.

I think this is her first and only appearance on Comedy Bang Bang to date.

Yeah, she'll never be on again.

She really wants to date.

I'm sorry.

She'll do it again and I keep asking her and she's a busy Hollywood screenwriter.

It's very true.

She's written such movies as The Lady Ghost Busters and Lady Remington.

The Heat, I believe, was Sandra Bullock.

Yeah.

And she also did the Amy Schumer Goldie Hanwan, which I was very grateful.

Amy Schumer Goldie Han, Duda, Duda.

And then Gillow's Aerie, who this is his third of three appearances that he made in the year.

All three made the top 10.

Dang.

That's work.

Top six, in fact.

All three he came in very prepared and this is the first one that he did.

He understood the assignment.

So this is a backyard episode.

This is the first episode of the backyard era.

This is our first episode back in the new year.

And some people say like, oh, why occasionally we would get messages about like, oh, why are you doing backyard episodes?

The pandemic is over or whatever.

It because performance requested.

That's why.

Yeah.

Or whoever requested.

Guess what?

Not everybody is you.

Yeah.

Some people have certain situations in their lives where they need it to do it outside.

Let's be cool about that.

It's also like, it's free.

Yeah.

But I mean, what's funny to me about that is I, everyone's when I was seeing complaints about it being outside or something.

And to me, it didn't bother me at all.

As a listener, it didn't bother me at all.

We were just having fun.

The sound was still good.

And guess what?

This is your favorite episode of the year.

So everybody, chill.

Shut the fuck up.

Sit the fuck down.

Get the fuck out.

So the background of this episode is Ben always does the first episode of the year.

And I asked who we wanted to do it with.

And he does improv a lot with Katie and has known her for a ton of time.

So she has time for him.

So she was available.

She is no spoilers.

She is not available for the first episode of next year.

And neither is Gil.

But Ben is, of course.

But so Katie did it and Gil, we've talked about it on the Hot Sauce episode.

They're really close.

And so Ben lives relatively close to me.

So he was walking over.

Oh, that's close.

Now that's close.

It's pretty close.

He was walking over.

And on the way, he got a text from Gil.

And the text said, tell Scott that I'm bringing something I need to hook into the sound system.

And Ben read that and like a psychopath, assumed it was a joke and didn't tell me.

Because what would be funny about that?

I don't understand.

So let's say, OK, so let's say it is a prank of some kind.

And Ben tells you I have something I need.

Gil says, yes, something he needs to plug into the sound system.

And then Gil gets there and either does or doesn't.

Either way, it maybe adds three minutes of stress to my life.

I don't know how to prank to say.

But so so by the time that Ben then got there and Gil showed up, by the way, Ben got there 10 minutes before Gil did.

He got there 10 minutes earlier because he was walking there.

Didn't say a word about it.

By the time Gil got there and said and had this whole big like jam box set up that he needed to plug in, everything was already set up.

And I was like, oh, I could have figured that out or I could have called Devin to come bring a part I needed for it, but to plug right directly into the system.

Or I could have canceled this recording.

Throw the table over and discuss.

But everyone had to go within like everyone had hard outs and needed to go.

So we just had to do it.

So basically what Gil did was he had this jam box connected to a keyboard.

And so we just put a microphone next to it, hoping that it would pick up and.

Oh, wait, a jam box is one of those those blue two speakers.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

And we just hope for the best.

And it was practically unintelligible, which makes it even funnier because we are dying laughing at Gil doing this incredible production to do this thing.

That is not working.

This is not working.

Only due to the setup that Ben just blew him off.

Right.

It's very funny.

Now, here's what I have to ask.

Yeah.

Why did Gil not tell you directly?

I don't know.

That is a good question too, because Gil has my info and could have.

But maybe he and Ben were talking.

That's what I think they talk all the time.

They're really good friends.

And maybe Ben said I'm on my way over there.

Yeah, that's probably what happened.

And he's like, Oh, hey, by the way, can you tell Scott that I have this?

And I mean, Scott, you know what happened.

Right.

This is obvious to you as it is to me.

What's up?

Ben, sabotage and Gil.

That's what it is.

He didn't think that was a joke.

Yeah, he knew it.

And he wanted him to fail.

And but then it backfired on Ben.

That's right.

It's the top episode of the year six temper tyrannis.

Wow.

Well, this is the first episode where we hear 2022's catchphrase.

And this was the episode where our plugs theme.

This is the first year long catchphrase.

Is that correct?

Yeah.

Yeah, we've had this catchphrase all year.

I don't think it's ever happened before.

I don't think it has.

This is amazing.

So we're going to hear this entire segment with Dr.

Sweet Chat, the small talk robot.

This is your choice for episode number one.

Number one.

I don't know anything about what this is, but please welcome for the very first time on this show.

Dr.

Sweet Chat, the small talk robot.

Whoa, doctor.

How are you?

Oh, thank God, because I introduced Dr.

Sweet Chat, the small chat robot.

And then you start talking.

And if you were.

Are you going to tell it?

Take us to what you are.

So I can't.

I don't want to you.

You look like.

You're a flash covered cube.

Professor Krupe.

See?

OK, so you were built by a widower?

You say, why is that important?

Why?

Why is that important?

Oh, OK, so you and this person was had nobody.

You were the person to do a small talk with because you're so bad at it.

Wow.

So so he was a widower.

How old was he when he was widowed?

Oh, wow.

My 50s, early 50s.

This is important.

The 50s.

And then how long is he still around?

I don't know how long you've been alive.

Well, that's great.

Can I ask you?

He lets you out of the house.

How do you get around?

Because you're just a flash covered cube.

You don't even have wheels.

On one roller skate.

And by the way, I see the roller skate now.

It's to the left of you.

It's one of those.

All like 70s roller skates that you would strap to tennis shoes.

You're always blissed on it.

Placed.

Oh, so when you leave, we have to place you on it.

Of course.

Although I'd love to have you.

You I mean, you you're excellent at small talk.

I've noticed.

I'm not going to have you on it.

I'm going to have you on it.

I'm going to do it.

Start, start.

Yeah, start.

Can we pretend that Dr. Yvette, sorry, Dr. Yvette Victor.

Thank you.

Let's pretend we're at a party.

Have you ever role played before in any of your sessions?

I have, yes.

What kind of role plays do you normally do?

I always play a mother.

Oh, OK.

Do you want to play mother?

This is, are you a mother?

I have three beautiful children.

Hey, would you first husband?

Oh, with my first husband.

They don't speak to me.

But I'm going to say I could role play a mother.

OK, well, that's just you being yourself, though.

Right.

I could role play.

So something totally different than what you are.

OK.

Oh, this is exciting.

Good.

An Olympic swimmer.

Great.

That's great.

All right.

And we're at a party celebrating you.

You got the silver.

Sure.

OK.

Can we prefer the gold or?

I would like the gold.

OK, let's give her the gold.

All right, why not?

Why wouldn't you?

All right.

So we're at a party.

Hey, Ben, do you see her over there?

Holy shit.

Is that that Olympic swimmer?

I didn't watch any of the Olympics except for her.

I heard her final race was unbelievable.

She was going so slow.

But the other people were even slower.

I've never seen anything like it.

It was like, I'm thinking, so I'm thinking, so I'm going to see some of the other people.

I'm going to see some of the people.

What do you mean?

I got into the Olympic swimmer.

What do you mean?

Spider season is over.

I guess there were a lot of spiders in the little bit.

It's like a game and went.

Yeah, well, we've got to worry about it.

Is that what you said?

We've got a first rain shower in the world.

Well, I've never really judged the heat of rain.

I guess when we go outside, you don't really feel it.

Right, right, me too.

Are you agreeing or this is a program?

Anyone here love one?

No skiing.

I don't think that's a thing.

I think it has to be downhill skiing.

Because cross country skiing is level.

You can't ski up.

The gravity will push you down.

Why?

Because Snow is learning.

He's learning.

This is him learning.

To not ask the same question.

Snow is very slippery.

And anytime you try to go up, you'll just end up skiing backwards.

That's closer.

OK.

I mean, you're in that ballpark, which if you're playing baseball, that's where you want to be.

It means you've arrived to work.

You have a pointy ball?

Pointy ball?

Oh, you're pointing?

Oh, you're pointing.

Pointy ball?

I don't think it can be a ball if it's pointing.

I don't think it's a ball.

Oh, Jesus.

Right.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

He attacked her.

Jesus.

That's that small talk that's you being rude.

Please, but no, you're doing it to add right now.

What?

We can't understand words.

Hey, go slower.

Professor Krupp is experiments.

We're funded by banana reports.

Why?

That's not a part of small talk.

OK.

OK, God.

Yes, Professor.

Yes, Dr.

Oh, this happens to be about from banana republic.

Yeah.

Should we pretend that we're on an elevator together?

Yeah, I just want to be the swimmer because I feel like you didn't get a chance to weigh in.

That's OK.

It was fun.

I mean, like we were talking, we kind of expected you to enter at some point.

I was just enjoying the scene.

Yeah, I mean, it was pretty compelling scene.

It was.

But this is beyond small talk.

You've overtaken the conversation.

You haven't allowed anybody to really talk about you at all.

It's something that I really do.

I'm trying to start conversations about those conversations.

All those are my shit.

That'd be great.

Yeah.

Do you think it makes you feel interesting?

Is it still on the front of you?

So uncomfortable.

Are dogs uncomfortable underwater?

I mean, underwater.

I'm like, I'm taking this.

Stop coming, Dr.

That's a doctor.

Oh, I say two doctors.

We've never had two doctors.

This is gel-believable.

Maybe this is what happens when...

Oh, I'm nagging.

So do you find this doctor attractive?

Yes.

Oh, let's hear your romance.

Do you mind, Dr.

if you allow him to romance you?

No, let's pretend I'm on the elevator.

Yeah.

You're on the elevator.

You're just...

You're unmarried.

Yeah.

Just to give it more time, let's say I've just hit floor 203.

♪♪ Do you mind if I cross your face?

♪♪ Oh, that's true.

To be honest, I wouldn't want it to be...

I would try something that's less damaging or sounds physically painful.

♪♪ Under the bed?

Under the bed or bed?

Under the bed.

♪♪ Is it a flavor test?

I can't flavor test.

I've never heard a doctor.

You're flying up the head.

Now, Dr. Why did this make you feel so unhappy?

This is good for you to look at yourself.

A flavor town just sounded...

I didn't know what it meant.

Yeah, I think he was intimating that he'd like to eat.

There's no other way to say it, but...

There is.

You've already been able to say don't start with eat.

You're...

No, no, no, no.

Oh, that's what he meant.

That's fine.

Oh, that's fine.

That's fine.

Okay, sorry.

It's working then.

Robot, it's working.

♪♪ Oh, my weight on your stomach.

All the weight of a flesh colored cube.

By the way, what are your dimensions?

♪♪ So you're like the size of like what?

A match the case, but if it was totally square or genius, and then you're way 400.

♪♪ This is like three inches by three inches by three inches.

During the break, of course, you were comparing everything to match books.

Everything to match books.

Have you practiced small talk when someone throws it at you?

Of course.

Oh, please.

Doctor.

Oh, yeah.

I'm stepping...

We're outside a bank.

Where we are?

Oh, okay.

I stepped outside.

It's hot out today.

♪♪ Did you say let's lose the phone?

Let's lose the phone.

I don't think it's funny that we can't understand them.

Because he's a small talk robot.

So we have to small talk about how we don't understand what he's saying.

No, just don't understand.

I went up to him and said, how about this warm weather?

He said, let's lose the phone, lady.

Where you on your phone?

You know what?

I bet the phone was in my hand.

Keep going.

That's how you got the information about the weather, though.

♪♪ I am coming from the bank.

That's actually really good.

That's really good.

That's the first good small talk thing you've said.

Yeah.

♪♪ Oh, no.

He's a crypto guy.

Oh, God.

♪♪ Okay.

Okay.

I understand.

This is a flow.

Yeah, this is good.

♪♪ Great.

♪♪ I was going to say a piece of paper.

Oh, my God.

Wow.

This is working.

You guys are kind of hitting it off, I guess.

That's so interesting.

♪♪ I do like music.

♪♪ God, I guess I like a little...

I guess people describe genres of music they like more than what kind of songs they like, but go ahead.

Yeah, like rock and roll.

♪♪ Yeah, I would love to hear your favorite.

♪♪ That's the song, the title of the song.

I think that's the sound.

♪♪ So your favorite song is an old man sipping seltzer.

♪♪ What?

I don't understand what you're talking about.

He wants you to leave him alone.

I want to see how you handle and tag.

I want to see how you handle conflict.

I've never seen a flush cube sweat before.

Yeah, this is perspiring.

It's very heavy.

It's such a small cube.

It's like a matchstick.

So, no, the matchstick.

♪♪ Hey, sir, get out of my seat, sir.

That's my seat I paid for it.

We're at Madison Square Garden and I want my seat.

Get out of it.

♪♪ Okay, that's not common.

That's a good way of dealing with me.

Here you go.

What?

What was that?

♪♪ Do you have a friend with you?

♪♪ You're rent serious and able.

Stay house going on.

So, we sounded like a regular human.

♪♪ Why don't you sound as good as Siri?

♪♪ ♪♪ ♪♪ You know, you sound like a robot.

♪♪ Oh, I'd love to hear that.

Please, I can't believe you're packed with so many things.

You go from one to the other, so quick.

Yeah.

Well, I mean, that's a robot for you.

Yeah, just robot brains move quicker than that.

That's true.

One to the other.

♪♪ What did the razors say to the umbrella?

Raisin?

Okay.

What did the raisin...

I'm usually pretty good at these jokes.

It's great that we have to repeat everything that you say, and we get it wrong half the time.

It's really filling up the time.

Okay, we have a lot of content.

All three of us seem to be pretty...

We know jokes right now.

Yeah, what are the raisin say?

What are the raisin say?

Well, this is the Riddler, which we used to do.

Riddle me this.

Oh, Riddle me this, of course.

Yeah, of course.

What did the raisin say?

Let's all take a guess.

Well, it's the question.

What did the raisin say to the umbrella?

It's a joke.

It's a joke for us all.

Okay, so let's all take a guess.

What is he curious about?

He's curious about...

I don't think he's curious about all the ziggy of the...

Jesus, stop shitting on the other hand.

Very safe.

Everyone take a guess.

One was a raisin say to the umbrella.

I'm happy we're both dried up now.

Okay.

Okay, that could be it.

Hey, I could have used you because before I was a prune.

There you go.

That's good.

Okay, what do you got?

I guess he's wondering...

Wow.

You're trying to figure out his side holiday instead of...

Is that a cycle I don't know?

Well, it's here.

Fine.

What is he wondering?

Raisin's an umbrella.

I mean, that's obvious.

What is it?

I mean, obviously a raisin, he feels small.

He's tiny.

Oh.

You know, this is obviously a...

Yeah, but it's an umbrella.

An umbrella goes large.

It's like 60 match sticks.

Oh, okay.

Okay.

But it also can protect him.

Oh, okay.

Interesting.

So what did the raisin say to the umbrella?

I think he said protect me.

Oh, hey.

Interesting.

You're very good at your job.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

So what did the raisin say to the umbrella?

I know.

Is that the joke?

Oh, no.

I know you forgot the answer.

I know.

I'm trying to do that.

I know you're trying to do that.

Yeah.

I would.

I guess.

Yeah.

One time.

I'm trying to do that.

I know you're trying to do that.

You're Baffle Gabs on Twitter.

If he's right, hashtag Birdman.

Obviously.

Explain Baffle Gabs.

Where does that come from?

It's well.

You know the phrase techno babble.

That's like the...

Sure I do.

I live it.

In sci-fi, exactly.

That's what you say.

So Baffle Gabs is the British version of Techno Babbel.

It's what they would say about Doctor Who.

We'll write a bit of Baffle Gabs for that bit.

I've never heard that before and I really love it.

I know.

Interesting.

Devon, do you want to come in here and be part of the Snowman game?

Yes, please.

Come on in.

Sit in this chair.

We're going to do the Snowman game.

He's fucking right.

I've never heard this usage before.

D-I-S-C-R-E-T-E.

We can have a lot of it.

Individually separate and distinct.

Okay.

Wow.

He's smarter than us.

Discrete.

So chic.

Say swap.

Where do we go?

Oh, okay.

He's back.

Well, that's...

Aw, describe it.

Oh, okay.

He's back.

Aw, that's great.

D-L-I-L-I-T-E.

So chic.

All right.

You ready?

Yeah.

This is the end of the show.

We have the Snowman game.

We played it in part two and...

Finally.

I'll describe what happens in the Snowman game.

All right.

This morbidly obese Snowman...

You press his little...

It looks like something out of Brendan Fraser's The Whale.

You press his fat ad and then he spins around and sings, let it snow.

He stops periodically and sings and then if he stops his song, if the song ends and he is facing you, it feels like a million bucks.

And I'm going to raise the stakes a little bit more.

You're going to are the teas?

Whomever he looks at, I will donate $100 to the charity of their choice and it can be themselves.

Oh, okay.

I like it.

But you have to say who it is on, Mike.

Hold on, hold on.

And if he doesn't look at anyone, I'm not giving $100 to anyone.

I mean, that's for.

I think that's for.

Here we go.

Three, two, three.

He's spinning.

He's looking over my left shoulder.

And now he's spinning again.

He's spinning.

He's looking again over my left shoulder, not right at me.

He's spinning again.

Looking over Paul's left shoulder.

He's in the final spin.

Oh, so close.

Not damn it.

He's splitting Devon in Paul.

One more.

But only $50.

Come on.

You can't go twice.

That's fair.

All right.

He's spinning around.

He's looking even.

He's looking at Kenny.

Okay.

All right.

Here we go.

Looking pretty straight at Kenny at this point, I would say.

And but this, I think he has two more spins.

He's splitting Paul and Devon again.

This is his final spin.

But it's no.

Same place.

All right.

One more for 25.

In an apple gift certificate.

Should I adjust him?

We could.

I'm going to do a little bit of this.
