We're counting down your top episodes of Comedy Bang Bang of 2013.

I have comedian Paul F. Tompkins here. We're going to hear episode three down to one. That's right. All of that and more. All on today's...

♪♪♪ All right, Comedy Bang Bang. This is it, huh? I can't believe it.

Just like Michael Jackson. This is it. Make no mistake, we won't. This is it. You say I'm over here.

♪♪♪ Do we know any lyrics to any of the songs that we've sung over these four best ups? Here's what I think we know. A good chunk of them.

Like, we know probably a good two-thirds of any song.

I think between us, we almost know a song. Yeah, almost.

But within that two-thirds, it's really only two-thirds of each sentence of every song.

Can you think of any... That's also true.

Can you think of any song that we know the entire... What song will we know...

Do you guess that we both know all of the lyrics to?

Wow, this is a popular song. Like excluding the alphabet or happy birthday.

Oh man, this is really tough. I don't... Because I don't know how many songs I know every word to.

I'm not great with lyrics. Goody, John Bryan, right? You can't know every single song?

That's true. That's also true. I don't know. Something from a musical I would imagine.

Probably just within the amazing Technicolor Dreamcoat, it was red and yellow.

But I see, I don't know any of the words to that song. Yeah.

And I've never seen that show. You've never seen it? Never seen it? Never heard the soundtrack.

What about Jesus Christ Superstar? That, I remember my eighth-grade teacher.

I went to Catholic school. And my eighth-grade teacher, who was not a clergy person, played that recording for us. The original cast was recording.

It was a little spicy because it was like... It was very challenging.

What was the point of his... Her sexist? Wait, is the doctor a woman?

That's right. That's why I couldn't operate on her.

Because I have an Orthodox Jew, she is not my wife. So I cannot touch her.

No, I'm fighting that life.

Got it in every single one, I think. AMC is the killing.

What?

Okay, I make that pact as well. Anytime anyone mentions...

Not... It can't just be the killing. It's got to be AMC is the killing.

AMC is the killing. Which by the way is moved off of AMC.

So I don't know why...

What is it on now?

It's on Netflix or something now, isn't it? For the new year?

What?

It jumped networks.

Well, they should send out cards!

We moved!

That's a picture of the cast of the killing with boxes.

They're all smiling. Even Peter Sars' guard.

Even Peter says that.

Paul, this is...

Actually, we're in 2014 now. We just went through the new year.

Did you make any New Year's resolutions?

I resolve to be a better husband, friend, employee, employer, father, brother, nephew, and uncle.

I think you're going to get one of those.

Oh yeah! I meant to say one of them.

Just one out of the ten.

I surely I will end up being a better one of those.

By the end of the year.

Well, you know, keep trying.

That's fantastic.

Keep a feed on the ground?

Keep reaching for those stars.

Well, here we are.

You know, it's already 2014, but we're looking back at 2013.

And this...

This is the part four of your best of, and we're going to go down from three to one during this episode.

That's how it goes.

And this is pretty exciting.

I have to say that we heard a pretty close squeaker in the last episode between number six and five.

We have a similar squeaker here between three and two.

More squeaking?

That's right.

I'm about to get up on the table and hike my petticoats up around, because I feel like there's mice in here.

I'm about to get out my WD-40 and shit.

Y'all gonna make me get my WD-40 out of shit up in this piece?

Me a little set up.

Little...

Come on, get some WD-40.

Oh, I love it.

He's a little squeaker.

Yes, he's a little squeaker.

So, we're gonna hear three, then we're gonna hear two, then we're gonna hear your top episode of the year.

This is exciting.

We're gonna count down three.

Three, two, one.

We're gonna do it.

This, I swear, unless we die before it happens.

Look, there's gonna be three hits.

Us hit number three?

They did number two and did number one.

We're never gonna hit the ground?

No, and we're not gonna hit you.

Because we're not gonna die.

Really, that would be the only thing that would keep us from doing three, two, one, I think, is us dying.

Yeah.

Even a fire or an earthquake.

I think in the event of a fire earthquake, we could still rush through.

Yeah.

Even just give the names of the episodes of the door.

We didn't do all this much.

No, oh my god, no.

No.

All right, so Paul, are you ready?

Can we get into it?

Yes.

Are you as ready as you'll ever be?

Because that's where I need you to be.

I have cleansed my mind and soul and body.

Wait, you cleansed your body?

That took show.

In between these episodes?

Yep.

Why is that?

Taught in this room.

It's true.

It is hot.

It's late at night.

All right, so if you're just listening to this show for the first time, these are the top three episodes that people voted on of the year and it is time for number three.

Number three.

All right, number three.

Here we go.

This is from episode 200.

Right on the 200 mark.

A milestone.

It is a milestone of sorts.

That's right.

And this is an episode Paul called Halfway to China.

All right, now this episode, we have Jason Manzukas.

Very funny.

Very funny comedian.

Hilarious, caught guy from Enlightened.

You know I'm from the league also.

He plays Raffi on the league.

Sure.

And he's a great guy.

He's been on the show many times.

And along with him have been various people.

We had the honorary mayor of Hollywood.

Chip Gardener.

Chip Gardener, of course.

We've had a guy named Don D'Amello.

Theatrical director.

Director along with him.

And in this instance, in this episode, we have a gentleman named Cactus Tony.

He's a curious fellow.

He is.

Now, we're going to hear a little bit about him.

He, in previous episodes, Don D'Amello, is a theatrical director.

Here's a little setup.

He is a theatrical director who has a children's theater in Pasadena, where he does shows based on Disney animated features.

Yes.

But as he puts it, there is always a little something for daddy in these, meaning he gets the kids in there, but he gets their fathers in there and then gives them a little part of the show for them.

Can I rephrase?

Because I think this is a more synced way of putting it.

He just slaps the word Disney's in front of some old fairy tales.

And then what happens when you get in there is a live sex show.

Okay, you're right.

That is a little better way to put it.

A little shorter.

Yeah, yeah.

So now we've heard from him a lot, and he always referenced his sort of right-hand man, Cactus Tony.

We had never met him before.

This is our first time meeting him.

All right.

And Cactus Tony had a lot of odd jobs to do during Don's productions.

And one of them, I believe, was daycare.

Yes.

Meaning at certain points, the kids would just kind of be shuttled off and the gentleman.

This is when the live sex show would essentially begin.

Yes, exactly.

He would be taking care of the kids.

And he was negligent in some of his duties.

He wasn't great at it.

He was not.

So we're going to hear a good chunk of this episode.

This is from episode 200, halfway to China.

This is your number three.

Number three.

Cactus Tony, I want to figure out exactly what's happening, because I hadn't heard this story.

I guess what happened.

Which was?

The story about these children, the Rottweilers, basically what had happened was, was it a different production?

It was not Disney's Peter Pan.

I don't think you're reading the funny papers, by the way.

I think you find horrible news funny.

I think you're calling the newspaper the funny papers.

Yeah.

That's that is a great that's a great point.

Yeah.

Well, because you see maybe that it has pictures or something like this.

So you think, yeah, this must be the funny.

I like the funny papers, mostly.

I mean, I appreciate art and drawings and stuff like that.

But the funny papers with photographs is the best kind.

You read about the Serbian conflict in the funny papers.

That's right.

So you're watching over these children.

This is not Disney's Peter Pan anymore.

So the Rottweilers are there with you.

There's happened on the Wizard of Oz, Disney's from Wizard of Oz.

And so the Rottweilers are there with you looking after the children.

As you take your bro, what are you doing when you take the breaker?

Are you seeing Zippy?

Yeah, Zippy came by, but also I have another job where I give over at the Ark like movie theater.

I gave hand jobs.

And I was down there.

Right.

And you were not here earlier.

So what's that?

You were not here during the first segment.

So that's so coincidental.

That's interesting that you mentioned that.

Yeah.

Well, because Scott was making the point earlier that every movie theater and any movies being played, there's someone getting a hand job.

Oh, well, I don't know about that.

But I had a job giving hand jobs at the Arklet movie theater.

Who pays you to do this?

Oh, the manager and the night manager over there.

The night manager.

Right here in Hollywood.

Yeah, that's right.

The night manager at the Hollywood Arklet.

Now to give him a hand job or to give patrons hand jobs.

Anybody I'm told to give a hand job sometimes it was him, but a lot of times it was patrons.

So you would just slip into the theater in the middle of a movie, sit beside a man.

The manager would point to someone.

Right.

And you would then just kind of sit next to the person.

I imagine if anyone were to sit next to me in a movie in the middle of a movie, I'd kind of be like, who's this weirdo?

Does that happen a lot or?

Yeah.

Especially if this weirdo is top to bottom covered in snakeskin.

Sure.

And then you, you just have to know how to handle the situation.

And it's sweaty as much as you are.

Frequently sweating a lot at that point tonight.

I'll say to them, what the fuck are you looking at them here?

Give you a goddamn hand job.

And then we take care of business and sometimes it's a hand job.

Sometimes I'm flipping through a vagina.

Oh, wow.

You know, you were not here earlier.

What's that?

So you were not here.

So that's so interesting that you use the colloquialism that I brought.

I guess that is a phrase.

I'm sorry I questioned it.

I know.

See, you don't have my back a lot.

No, you're right.

You're right.

No.

Now, what I want to know is the arclight doesn't have a lot of late night movies.

So this is an early job for you.

Yeah.

Even in an evening type of situation.

Sometimes they go to like 2 a.m.

They'll show a midnight movie.

So you're in the middle of the night over here at your other job at the Pasadena fairytale theater.

Yeah.

You slip out the backjack, crawl through that window.

Right.

And then you go to the- I say, rottweilers, you're in charge.

Look after children and believe me, next time I will say them, please don't tear any of them apart.

Now, I have to say that Pasadena, where the fairytale theater is located in the arclight, are about 20 minutes away.

So this isn't a hand job.

And I'm pretty sure.

I'm actually pretty sure you don't have a car.

Otherwise, you would be living in it.

Right.

And I'm estimating a hand job takes at least three minutes.

So add that into the mix.

I'd say three to five.

Yeah.

Okay.

So we're talking, you're gone at least in- I mean, if you're walking away, maybe you're hitching.

It takes you a little time to get a ride.

Sometimes I take the bus.

You're- You- You take the bus?

Pass the dinner to Hollywood?

Sure.

You're gone.

Just to give us- How many hand jobs can you give?

Or is it a single hand job?

What do you mean?

How many hand jobs?

I can give an infinite number of hand jobs.

No, no, I mean, I wouldn't want to put a number of number of hand jobs.

I mean, how long- I think throughout the- I think- I think- Of course, in my life, if I gave- Let's figure it out.

If I'm awake- I mean, I can be awake usually 22 hours a day.

I'm awake.

Okay, sure.

That is unhealthy, by the way.

No, that's- That works out for me.

If we're saying three to five minutes, you can- You say twenty- Twenty-five minutes for a hand job?

Maybe for an amateur.

So that's- I can do a hand job in usually about 90 seconds.

Really?

Just like what?

Three pumps and you're out?

Yep, and I can flip through vagina in half that time.

Wow.

Really?

I mean, it takes me longer to flip through a People magazine.

Well, you don't know what you're doing.

Wow, so that's hundreds a day.

Yeah, I can do- Yeah, I can do- But wait, I guess what I'm getting at is- Yep.

When you leave the Pasadena Fairy Tale Theater- Looking up, Googling.

Um, I still want to figure out how many of these hand jobs I could do over the course of my life.

So I mean, we're- Well, you're gonna be alive another three years.

It's around- Say, we're gonna have to talk about- Seems like- Life expectancy for you.

Three hundred a day.

So- Okay.

So we're talking- There's about a thousand days in a year.

No.

I get to- No, there's not.

Maybe- That is not true.

Maybe the way you're living there are.

But there's- It feels like it.

I gotta tell you, it feels like it.

But- But it seems like ten thousand a year?

It is- Does my mind- Yeah, that's about right, I think.

Ten thousand a year, so you know- So another- So it's a thirty thousand in the next three years?

Yep.

How much do you get paid for one?

Oh, well, it depends.

Sometimes I do get paid.

Sometimes I just get out of there with a free popcorn.

Ah, boy.

And have you used them?

Have you used the popcorn for the popcorn trick?

How's that now?

Is it a prop for you?

Is it- Are you talking about putting that deck through the popcorn box?

Of course.

Yeah, we don't play around.

We don't play games.

Okay, the popcorn is sacred.

I ever wanted to- Wow, that'll happen.

And some of you say, hey, let me put it in the popcorn as you order it up like fucking games.

Okay, okay, all right.

Calm down, cake just, Tony.

So- But my point is, is this is more than a break.

You've left these children alone- That's what I'm- That's what I'm trying to get at.

Here's how it works.

By the time I get back, the show is usually still going on at the Pasadena Fairytale.

How long does that show last?

It very much depends on who's in the audience and- Because when we were talking to Don D'Amello, sometimes this show would be over within ten minutes.

Well, the show itself, in terms of the scripted part of the show- Yeah.

That is a very stripped, stripped down version of the Wicked Buzzard.

You know it.

Striped, it is very efficient.

Dorothy basically gets to Oz and then all bets are off.

More or less, once they get to Emerald City, which is real quick, and we don't miss around with that witch because she's ugly.

You know what I mean?

There's no way- Sure, yeah.

You don't want some ugly witch- I don't think so.

Carson D'Amello over there.

Right.

Yeah.

But- But- Harsening the mellow?

Sure.

Harsening- You don't have my back, but- Hey, you heard about flipping through of a China?

A lot of people say- You're right.

You're right.

But what I'm trying to say is he used to say that sometimes those guys were out the window, like 15 minutes after the show started.

No, I don't believe that- Well, I guess if they don't want to fuck one of the girls, but usually they do.

No, but I'm saying like 10 minutes in they start, it's interactive.

Five minutes later they're done, they're out the window.

Oh, I see.

You know, so- Well, that may be true.

But by the time I get back from other dubs at the arc-like- Sure.

There's usually some action still going on, and sometimes it's sloppy.

And sometimes- He can stop me at that point?

What constitutes sloppy, I wonder?

Well, like if somebody is a little bit drunk or something like that, or somebody probably shouldn't have been led in that window in the first place, and it's hard to get them out, you know, oftentimes the evening winds down sloppy.

Yeah, it's hard to throw a patron out a window.

That's correct.

A small bathroom window.

Yep, you got to get him way up in that bathroom.

Can I just say- Cactus, Sony, there you- You can just say whatever you want.

Thank you so much.

There is- There is a Pasadena arc-light.

Seems like it would be closer.

Is it just because the manager has an affinity for you at the Hollywood one?

Well, it's funny you should say that.

Oh, it is.

Okay, this has led to a funny story?

Well, no, I don't know about that, but I've been saying for the longest time, hey buddy, can I get a transfer to the Pasadena arc-light?

A transfer!

Are you an official employee?

Well, I work for this manager, yeah.

But he tells me he's got the best fucking handjob guy, and vagina flipper in the world down there at Pasadena.

Oh, you should get rid of- That guy needs to go to China.

China, of course.

Yeah, of course.

Look, you didn't hear from me, but don't be surprised if you hear about that guy going to China.

Where would I hear about this?

We heard it from you just now.

Would I read this in the funny papers?

You might read about that in the funny papers.

You might pick up the funny papers one day and find man murdered, buried alive in China.

In China.

Wow.

Was known to be boastful about his handjobs.

Oh my gosh, well, this is just- Because you're right, it would be a lot more convenient to be able to go to a Pasadena arc-light.

This is a terrible story, so all these- These children- What's terrible about it?

Hang on.

Children!

What about them?

They were ripped apart!

They're left?

They're left with dogs, isn't it?

I left those children with those dogs.

Were the dogs- One time.

Were the dogs at least lactating so the kids had something to eat?

Far as time, no, they were not.

That would make it better?

No, you don't know.

That would make it better.

I don't know.

Maybe the dog might have maternal instincts rather than such violent- I mean, and their dogs- I believe they did have maternal instincts.

Look, we don't know what happened precisely in the background.

We know exactly what happened!

We know that one or two of the dogs- One or two of the dogs- A child apart.

We don't know what that child did to deserve that.

Nothing!

The child was just there to see a show with his father.

Right, and he enjoyed the show up to a point.

At which point it was- Up to Dan and I said him.

Up and there would get his dolly.

So who is going to jail?

I mean, is anyone going to jail out of this?

Have you been able to- Is Dan DeMello not here because he is in hiding?

Dan DeMello is laying low.

Okay.

Until some of this situation blows over.

He sent me out here to try and generate some good press.

This is not- That is a fewer situation.

You're his good PR person?

That's right.

This is not helping the situation.

You know, the him laying low.

I think I'm doing a lot of good help here.

Getting press is antithetical to laying low, I would say.

But he told me to come out here- Where's he hiding?

His side of the story.

Where's he hiding?

Griffith Observatory.

Okay, see, this is not laying low.

You're doing more harm than good.

Where is he in Griffith Observatory?

What do you mean?

I mean, what part of the observatory is it?

He's in the planetarium.

Oh, okay.

He's living in the planetarium.

Right, the moment.

Yeah.

Is he doing things blow over?

Is he putting on special shows there?

Sometimes he'll get up there, he'll grab the mic and he'll do a show about the stars.

Right.

I wish beyond anything else, Don D'Amelow is here to tell us about the show.

He's laying low, unfortunately.

Don D'Amel laying low.

I've supposed to come out here and make things better.

Okay.

I feel I have done that because listen, Don is my employer.

I know he's going to listen to this.

I can't make him mad.

I depend on Don for my living.

How much does he pay you?

How much does Don have?

Do you make a good- You don't have to tell me you're going to do an exact amount, but do you make a good living working for Don D'Amelow?

Obviously not.

Obviously not because you can't play a car and you have to- You have to move a side job where you have to buy bus tickets, give hand jobs.

I mean, and possibly it could get lucrative, but hand jobs, they're oftentimes end up in a payment of merely popcorn.

And not only that, but you can- That's great popcorn.

That's the best popcorn in the world.

Yeah, you can give 300 a day, but how many are you actually giving?

Oh, usually one or two.

Okay.

Yeah.

This is not good.

But I'm saying it's a growth business because I can do up to say- It's literally a growth business.

You're talking about because there's penis you're growing when a man gets you arouse.

Yep.

They've become bigger.

Yep.

Well, in that sense, you have.

I would say- I do my job, right?

They're going to shrink again.

That's true.

I would say that you are doing your job in the sense of you're shifting the blame from Don D'Amelow's sort of over to you.

And- Well, Don hired me.

And well, not only that, but you are the one who is negligent and left these children with some sort of- Do you feel as though Don is hanging you out to drive?

What are you talking about?

Well, it's now Don is putting you out here as his surrogate to admit that it is your fault.

And in all likelihood, you will be arrested and go to prison for this child's murder.

Give me that can't arrest Cactus Tony.

Well, you know, I actually have a little secret.

What?

To tell you, Don D'Amelow called me.

Oh, really?

Before the show.

I actually knew you were coming on.

But the whole thing about it, I didn't realize you were the Cactus Tony.

That was feigned ignorance on my part.

Really good jobs, guys.

Thank you so much.

Sometimes terrific acting.

I'm a really good actor.

I can sound like a dumb idiot who doesn't know what's going on.

Because in all of the stuff I've seen you act in prior to this, you've been awful.

Yeah.

Like legitimately terrible act.

No, that's me trying to act like that.

But you just now were like phenomenal as an actor.

Thank you so much.

And I'd be impranked by that Betty White show.

It's sort of like that, except there's no Betty White.

And unfortunately at the end of it, you don't sign a release and you're not on TV.

You actually go to jail.

Oh, come on.

Yeah.

What are you talking about?

Well, Don called me up and I don't know.

I mean, I don't want to recount the exact conversation, but the word Patsy was involved.

Fall guy?

Fall guy, yeah.

And he was not talking about Lee Majors.

I know a girl named Patsy.

Okay.

I don't think you're taking this the right.

You need to actually pay attention to what this is.

I've got you.

Because what he wanted us to do, and I clue Jason in on this actually, is he wanted us to kind of make a citizen's arrest here.

Also, he wanted us to get on tape, video and audio.

Oh, I can't.

Like a fashion.

Which is these cameras are not actually streaming any of this to zapstraituit.com at all.

These are actually cameras that...

That are closed circuit TV cameras for the police department.

This, by the way, I can't believe I fell for it.

Is the other interrogation technique we used to use in the Croatian Special Forces?

Yeah.

We would tell somebody you're on a podcast.

And for the first time ever, it's streaming online.

Go make things better for me.

Gonna be careful.

Go out there and make my case for me publicly.

And then a couple guys in there, usually a couple guys who have worked as comedians, actors for surveys.

Serbian comedians.

And one of them is a fact, the funniest comedians in the world is the Serbian.

And one of them is worked with Sasha Baba-Bui.

Dot com.

Oftentimes.

And then next thing you know, you have given away all your secrets.

Yeah.

Unbelievable.

This is the second time I have cracked in as many weeks.

So, interrogation techniques, classic interrogation techniques.

One of them is waking up in the car and ask you a simple question and get the exact answer.

And what was the other one?

This one here.

What was it?

How would you describe that again?

You told your guests on podcast for the first time ever, it's streaming online.

And go help out.

To come here, go help make my case for me.

It's classic interrogation technique.

Well, I'm sorry.

So many times.

I'm sorry, you fell way into it.

Damn it.

You fell into it.

Not damn it.

I'm sorry, we cannot let you leave.

Oh, we actually have called the police during that last break.

Yeah, we call it.

It wasn't a real break.

It wasn't.

It was a police call break.

Yeah.

Gosh.

And they're on their way.

I'm not mad.

Thank you.

I understand.

Mr. D'Mello wanted you to do this.

And he's a very smart man.

Well, he can't go to jail.

You know what I mean?

No, I just got an empire to run.

Yeah, I get that.

I completely get that.

And there's no.

Have you ever been to jail before?

Texas, Tony?

Is this going to be your first time to jail?

Or is it?

In the big house, as we call it.

Uh-huh.

Who's the we in that sentence?

Man, you don't know any of the lingo.

You don't know flipping vaginas.

You don't know the big house.

Come on, man.

It just sounds like you're telling it to you.

It seems like the way you say we call it is as if you've been to jail.

I mean, I've taken a couple of, I've done a dime, you know?

Yeah.

Well, I was in jail for a little while, but I was, they had a program where they were promoting from within at the jail to become prison guards.

And so I just transitioned into that.

Really?

Yeah.

How did that program work out?

As a matter of fact, that program did not work out so great because really, yeah, because those guards who had been prisoners had evidently too much sympathy for the prisoners and one much into guarding them.

But anyway, I remember reading about this.

They covered it extensively in the funny papers.

Yeah, I remember it was every prisoner walked free at that point.

After rioting.

Yeah.

Yeah, that was the upshot of it.

It was a, yeah, it was a, it was a, it was a prison walkout.

Prison walkout?

Yeah, I've never seen one in, never heard of one and a prison walkout.

I mean, you still hear a skate, but this is just a prison walkout.

Those guys, you know, it turned out, oh, just about all the guys that left from that prison that we allowed to walk free from that prison turned out to be just, they, they became regular members of the community and some of them did kill folks and rob things, stuff like that.

But in general, they were, they were good guys.

A lot of them did go back to life of crime.

They were good guys.

Anyhow.

A lot of them did go back to life of crime.

And they were good guys.

You just integrated themselves back into society all by themselves.

A lot of them like you went back to crime.

Yeah, that's, well, I don't know that I've committed any crimes.

Oh no, we have you on tape talking.

But anyway, I got a question.

I just got a real quick question for you guys.

Yeah, sure.

What floors is building on?

We're on the fifth floor.

Because I understand the police are coming in through that door.

Is that right?

Yeah, they're coming in right through there.

I actually think we, unless we've changed studios, I think we may have established that this window.

Oh, it's on the first floor.

That's right.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, we're on the first floor.

Okay.

It's very hard to...

But I think that everybody who jumps out of it, the assumption is that they have killed themselves.

Yeah, it's a treacherous jump.

That's part of the prompt.

Although I will say this, Don de Mille did survive the fall.

He did, that's right.

He did.

He's the one guy who jumped...

He jumped out the window.

He told me about that.

He had fallen on a pile of dead bodies.

Oh, right.

And there are no dead bodies out there now.

It's a really weird window where if you jump out of it, you can only jump out of it the wrong way, basically.

And you catch your neck on certain things, and you break your neck.

It's really, it's very true.

It's a one floor jump.

Yeah, but there's various obstacles.

You're either gonna catch your neck on, or get him paled or something.

Yeah, get your head through the heart.

Dangerous.

Lot of spikes, a lot of offense with those metal spikes.

Right.

You don't want to be jumping out the way.

Oh, wow.

I just, it looks like the police are coming through the door.

Okay, guys.

Well, it's been great.

And you're wonderful to meet you guys.

You had so much fun talking.

No hard feelings.

I completely understand what you guys did.

I get it.

It's cool.

Who's the Tony?

Yeah.

You don't want to do this.

Don't want to do what?

You don't know what I'm going to do.

Maybe I'm going to walk out that door and say, hey, let's go to prison.

Hopefully they'll promote me within, and I'll be a guard within a year.

If you're thinking that you will be somebody who jumps out the window and survives, you are wrong.

You will not.

And only one person out of 100 has ever survived.

This is suicide.

If it's a one story jump, I understand that your neck is in jeopardy.

There's sharp objects.

I feel like I could take my chances there.

Oh, this is suicide.

Please.

Well, listen, I'm going to give myself an assisted fall out the window.

No.

I'd like you to have my hat.

Jason, I'm going to have my hat.

I am honored to have this hat.

No, what do I get?

Enjoy it.

You can have my pants.

No, no, no.

You can keep those on your way out the window.

No.

I don't need my makeup.

All right.

It's great to meet you for you.

Enjoy!

Oh!

Oh, god.

I had no idea that's where this was going.

I had no idea.

The humanity.

Oh, this is like, this is, I've not been a part of too many shows in which somebody jumped through the window.

Well, we should say, policeman, you can go home.

No.

We have it all on tape.

But I mean, he's out there.

He's out there.

Why are he looking out the window?

Where I'm just telling the policeman that we are there.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

He's no longer in here.

Go out the window.

Yeah, he jumped out the window.

Yep.

Don't jump out the window yourself, because you'll never make it.

But gosh, boy, that is terrible.

Nicely done, gentlemen.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

Don.

Oh, Don.

Hi, Don.

Don DeMello's here.

Thank you very much for taking care of that nasty piece of business.

Well, somebody had to go down for the dog thing.

Yeah, I understand.

No, I mean, you know.

It seemed like a nice guy and through all of it.

But I troubled a troubled man, Don.

Yeah.

Troubled man is dead now.

He was bad news.

I don't know who I'm going to get to, poke the girls with a stick now.

Was that part of his job?

Yeah, it was part of his job.

Yeah.

Don, Don, can I ask you a question?

Oh, yeah.

Do you manage the arclight in Hollywood?

I'm just a night manager.

Don, I have a question for you.

Now that all this character's Tony business is behind us, I am interested in this show you're doing at the planetarium.

I wonder if you can tell me a little bit about that.

I'd love to hear about it.

It's all about the stars I hear?

Yeah, well, it looks like I'm going to be able to come out of it.

I come out of hiding over there.

Oh, so it's a limited engagement?

A limited engagement.

Yeah.

So just think it while you can.

Yeah, that's right.

Now, is this a bring your kids kind of scenario?

You have more than one going to bring your kids to absolutely.

What we do is, for every person in this show, which is pitch black dark in there, you can't see a thing.

I get you a girl and she'll sit on your lap and I get on the microphone.

I just talk some bullshit about the stars in the galaxy.

I just think somebody over here is.

But the basic thing is, you can't fuck in the chair in the planetarium.

Anyway, that's the show.

That's it.

That's the show.

What do you call it?

What's it called?

It's just going to come on down and get fucked at the planetarium.

Oh, OK.

So wow, come see that tonight might be the last night.

Tonight might be the last night.

It's not based on anything.

It's not Disney's come.

It's come get fucked at the planetarium.

It's not a bad idea.

It's like Star Wars.

It's scary, you know.

Tonight only.

Good note.

Disney's come get fucked at the planetarium.

Meanwhile, you know, at full disclosure, just in case somebody that works at the planetarium over here, I am on the microphone talking about, you know, there's stars up there and there's planets and you can see up there and there's planets and stars at night.

It is educational.

It's very educational.

I don't think there's a lot of crossover between people who work at the planetarium and listeners.

I think they're too busy watching enlightened.

I should hope so.

But anyway, if that doesn't turn you off here and we talk about the stars, come on down and get fucked with Disney.

Now I'm going to go out the window.

I think I got a good chance.

No, I'm not going to.

Don't you don't need to go out the window.

The police stay here.

The police are out there.

Listen, I get a real charge out of going out this window.

Almost everybody dies when they go out it.

Bring out the gun.

Wait, let's look out the way.

Oh, he's.

He's.

Well, he's scampering away off of Kactus Tony's dead body.

Oh, amazing.

Well, Don D'Amelio has done it again.

All right.

Wow.

That was exciting right through the window.

Well, good.

Because he's a despicable human being.

Don D'Amelio is despicable and I like to think that he survived.

I don't know if Kactus Tony survived.

Don D'Amelio is like a cockroach who I think will outlive everyone.

He's an elderly man.

He is.

But yet he's diving up that first story window.

Several times, by the way, that references an earlier episode where several people dove out this window.

And you can hear that on our previous best offs from 2012.

Yes, and I highly recommend it.

I for one, highly recommend it.

Thank you very much, Paul.

All right.

Yes.

You're welcome.

Well, okay.

There should be something that people say after you're welcome.

You know what I mean?

Like that should continue.

The end.

Thank you.

You're welcome.

The end.

It's perfect.

You know how many times you're like standing there, trying to end a conversation?

Every time.

People go, all right.

Goodbye.

See you later.

Goodbye.

You know, like there's so much of that.

Someone should just say the end and you both agree that whenever someone says the end, you turn 180 degrees and you walk in opposite direction.

Yes.

Even if, even if you're both walking towards your cars.

Yeah.

And you realize you park next to each other.

That's right.

Nope.

You're going to have to walk around the earth.

That's right.

That almost seems impractical.

I don't care.

Well, new rules.

New notos.

All right.

So speaking of the end, we have to take a break.

But we're not at the end of the show because we still have your number two and your number one coming up after this.

Hey guys, it's a new year and I have an idea for you maximize every minute and every dollar this year for your small business.

What does that mean?

Of course I want to maximize time.

I want to maximize money.

But how do you do it, Scott?

It's easy for you and your ivory tower to sit there telling me to maximize minutes and dollars.

But I'm just a simple man.

Well, I know an easy way to do it.

I'm going to share it with you right.

Calm down.

First of all, what is wrong with you?

Calm down.

I know an easy way to maximize every minute and every dollar and it's easy.

It's stamps.com.

For instance, think about how much time you've wasted going to the post office.

Driving there, finding parking.

They have these little tiny parking lots and everyone wants to go, what is it?

What is their deal?

Well, stamps.com is the better way to get postage.

Just use what you already have, your computer and printer, to get official US postage for any letter or any package.

And then here's the best part.

The mailman comes to your small business and picks it up from you.

With stamps.com, you can do everything you could do with the post office right from your desk and at a fraction of the cost of one of those expensive, stupid postage meters.

I have been using stamps.com personally for years here at Earwolf.

I send you all of the t-shirts that you buy personally right through stamps.com.

And right now you can use it using my promo code bang bang.

You get a special offer.

Let me break it down.

No risk trial.

A $110 bonus offer.

We're talking digital scale, digi, digi, digi, digi, and up to $55 free postage.

So don't wait.

Go to stamps.com before you do anything else.

Click on the microphone at the top of the home page.

Type in bang bang.

That is stamps.com.

Enter bang bang.

And I resolve to see you never at the post office.

All right.

Comedy bang bang.

This is exciting.

I'm excited.

Because we have number two coming up here here on the countdown.

That's right.

Number two.

And I have to say, this was our squeaker.

Okay.

We have another squeaker.

This was a squeaker.

All right.

We're doing your squeaker.

Before the break, we heard halfway to China.

Your number three, that had how many votes?

2,699.

Wow.

Now bear in mind, 65,000 votes.

All right.

People are just supposed to pick 10 episodes that they like.

So it's kind of interesting that you would think up in these high numbers, they would be like, you know, 45,000.

That's what I would assume.

But I think out of those 65,000 votes, people are voting for one episode a lot of times.

Plus every episode got votes.

You know what I mean?

Like every episode.

Really?

Yeah.

That's ridiculous.

Every episode is someone's favorite.

There is that.

Well, some people are wrong.

It's very interesting because, you know, a lot of people just assume that, well, certain episodes are not the good episodes or what have you.

But every, this countdown goes to show that every episode is someone's favorite episode.

Well, there's no accounting for taste.

Come on, Paul.

All right.

So this particular episode, which got number two, we already established halfway to China got 26.99.

These two were flip-flopping the entire time as well.

One was up, one was down.

You mean the final two?

No, no, no, no.

Number two and three.

Oh, okay.

The previous one and this one, which came in at number two.

So this beat out halfway to China.

Yes.

And this was number three for a long time.

And finally at the end got a just a surge of votes.

I don't think anyone campaigned.

But the fans of this episode and these people on the show are legion.

And there's just a groundswell of support last minute.

And they finally got 27, 14 votes, okay?

So 15 more votes.

Now, Scott, of course you're going to reveal which episode it is.

We're going to hear the clip.

Then I would like to ask you.

Yes.

What you think caused the surge?

The purge?

You think the purge caused the surge?

The purge did because for those 24 hours, people were allowed to vote however they wanted to vote.

The purge caused the surge so they got the urge.

The flagging with the dragon isn't rude.

That is true.

Older references.

Older.

Yeah.

We're really going way back.

Look these up by the way.

Enjoy yourself.

Enjoy Hell's a Poppin' with the Ritz Brothers.

This is a lot like listening to Paul's boutique or something and like hearing these references and then you go look them up.

You know, that's what we're trying to do with this.

Yes.

All right.

This is episode number two on your countdown.

Number two.

Here we go.

This is from episode 238.

This is an episode called Marissa Wamplers Birthday Pool Party Live.

Yes.

Not done.

Sorry.

Oh.

That was like a Batman the Ride.

I hope so.

A roller coaster.

Yeah.

I think I made a maybe that was on Analyze Fish.

I made a vow to never say that was like an emotional roller coaster.

I'm just going to say that was an emotional Batman the Ride.

Oh.

Okay.

Do I need to be a vowel?

Yeah.

It was a solemn vowel as well.

It was not made in jest.

Were you I mean like were you I've pictured you making that vowel.

Like you're kneeling down in front of like a church.

Like you're in it like a monk's cell, right?

You're looking out a window that's like a shaft of light on your face and your hands are clasped in prayer.

You're saying I vow to never again say emotional roller coaster but rather.

Yes.

An emotional Batman the Ride.

But rather than you and then you make the sign of the cross.

And then you whip yourself like in a self-flagellate.

Yes, of course.

Is it just flagellate or is it self-flagellate?

Self-flagellate.

You can flagellate another person.

I wish you would.

Okay.

Thank you.

I will.

Coming up after this.

All right.

When you're here your family.

So Marissa Wampler's birthday pool party live.

Let me give a little background on this with my friend little background.

Okay.

Marissa Wampler.

It's DJ.

I'm the rapper.

Marissa Wampler is my intern on the show.

She started several years ago on the show.

She's just a kid.

She was just a kid.

She was in high school.

She she's still in high school.

She was supposed to intern on the show every single week.

The very first day she was there, I started the show.

She threw on the cans, the headphones, and started talking into the mic.

That and she just did the whole show.

She thought that's what being an intern was.

It's crossing a line.

Was being on the show.

No, you're just supposed to get people waters.

Exactly.

I have an intern now.

He's in the shot.

An intern now, Gino, who does his job wonderfully.

He gets so many waters for people.

He's terrific.

I love Gino.

He's so great.

Yeah.

So now Marissa, not only that, but she never showed up then for like another three months or so.

She drops by every three months for her internship.

And then just does the show.

Anyway, so we've talked about how she's getting credit.

We've talked to her many times over the years.

And her birthday is in August.

And we on a previous appearance, we talked about how on her birthday, she was going to have a pool party for everyone at her high school.

She's going to invite all of her friends.

And we decided it would be fun to do a live broadcast from this pool party.

So we did an episode live from the pool at her condo association.

And just a little bit about her life, she has a stepfather, Seth, who is in my opinion, kind of me and Dore.

She has a teacher, Listler, who she's in some sort of, she calls it a gifted program, but I have suspicions that it's just kind of like a program for slower children, because it's in a basement and there's only 13 of them.

And they don't seem to study really anything of note.

She also has a boy that she likes, who she sizzered.

And then there's the girl that he likes.

It's a long complicated story.

Listen to all of Marissa Wampler's episodes to really get the background on it.

But this is live from her birthday party and we're going to hear two chunks.

We're going to hear a lot of, I guess we're not going to hear two chunks.

No, we are going to hear two chunks.

We're going to hear, make up your goddamn mind.

All right, we'll hear two chunks.

All right, let's hear them.

This is your number two.

So before the break, we said some very inflammatory things.

Yeah, I feel like we should follow up.

I guess we do.

Now we talked about this a little on the Wamptacular or the last time you're on the show.

I can't remember.

Yeah, last time.

Whose the chill?

You think the baby, I don't even know how this would work.

You think Diane's baby might be your baby?

I'm just saying, I knew from some confidential medical records that I found that...

Where'd you find me?

Jesus Christ.

I told you there's easy ways to get back.

We're out of it, Warren's all throughout Marina Del Rey.

Yeah.

Okay.

Sometimes when you drive over a pothole, you think it's a pothole, that's one of her Warrens.

Diane supposedly had a hysterectomy, so I don't know how she's getting pregnant.

Yeah, months after she gave birth to me, she said, take it all out.

Not for a medical reason, either.

Be.

I don't want it anywhere.

I don't want it anymore.

I store secretly my frozen eggs at the same fertility place that they go to.

What do you mean secretly?

You're not paying by the month for that?

No, I go in every night and put my eggs into the...

That's a lot of eggs.

How many eggs are you unloading?

That's too many eggs.

No, the same eggs.

Wait, you're just taking the eggs out and then putting them back and you take them out for a drive during the day?

What the hell's going on?

I put them in a container with dry ice during the day.

First of all, no one knows they're there.

Not now they do.

I wouldn't trust them during the day anyway, but at night, while I'm sleeping and I have to get rest, I need to know that they're being cared for.

Okay.

Well, you know what?

So I go crawling through the heating ducts and I dropped them in.

And then one day...

Oh, it was a sniper.

Two eggs were missing.

Whoa, okay.

Oh, okay.

They happen to be the same day that you and Diane came in.

Oh, I see.

So we just happen to go in there and take your eggs or are you saying it's our fault?

Well, then we know they're viable.

We know your eggs are viable.

I would not.

100% they're viable.

I would never, never.

She's had no fewer than 13 ectopic pregnancies.

And a son named August.

And a half African American son named August.

I don't.

All right.

I'm going to say that I...

August Wilson, Mr.

A father has a sense of what's going on with the wife.

Now I know that this is not...

I want you to test that paper when it comes out.

I don't know.

I mean, I guess you know if it has a mohawk, it's mine.

With frosted tips.

Is it?

If it comes out with a mohawk with frosted tips, you know it's lisler.

If it comes out pre-styled, it's your kid.

But if your baby and my baby would be our, your and my baby.

And I could finally have a real family.

Hold on, hold on.

Wait, wait.

It wouldn't be related.

It wouldn't be related to you at all.

So this would be actually good news for you.

Okay, this is kind of...

This is a burn on you.

I just threw up a little bit in my throat.

You ever heard that?

I've never heard that about it.

I say that too.

It's where your classic burns.

Wait a minute.

Hold on.

You threw up.

In your throat.

But you didn't come out of your mouth.

I swallowed it down a little bit.

I heard a guy say that the other day.

And I was like, that's a great indication of not being comfortable.

The phrase is I threw up in my mouth.

You know that one time, one time...

You didn't throw up in your throat?

One time I caught Seth with a series of flashcards that were human emotions.

And he goes through them every morning.

And this is what a person looks happy.

I had like a stick figure drawing.

Yes, like he has to guess.

Happy.

Oh, that's right.

Sad.

Frustrated.

So he can read people.

All right, to be fair, I...

When I was a child, I grew up in almost sort of like a seriatim.

I gave him like environment.

You grew up in booting New Jersey.

I know, but I was left in my crib for days on in without human contact.

Without any kind of...

They would come in, they dropped the food off there.

We got to go work.

I mean, they had to work.

I get it.

Believe me, I get it.

I'm the one who's living in a crawl space.

I should have those flashcards.

Too bad.

I'm so emotionally adept.

Oh, too.

You're not adept, honey.

You are clumsy.

But you know what?

I don't care about you anymore because I have a new lover.

He's here.

He's here?

He's here.

I'm gonna have him.

I don't care.

I'm just having him zip line in from the corner of the corner.

Hey, Kareem.

You know that the condo's not gonna let them.

Oh, God.

Oh, he's coming into that.

Oh, my God.

God damn it.

Oh, God.

Ow.

That hurt.

He hit all of us.

How did you get all...

How am I...

Tell this.

Ah.

Kareem?

Are you okay?

I'm very okay.

How are you?

Oh, my God.

Wait.

Were you guys planning that this whole time?

I am helping Ms. Lislare with the setup of the stage here.

Oh.

I saw that this corner over here is available to have a zip line put in.

Mm-hmm.

So we've created it.

Yeah, I'm...

If I gotta pay for this bullshit, I am gonna be goddamn mad.

Because this...

He's all coming out of the school's budget.

No, it is.

Yeah.

You don't even work there.

Yep.

Exactly.

You're whole...

Exactly.

You have a Warren hole into the...

Have access to their QuickBooks.

Yeah.

Oh, gosh.

Yeah.

Anybody can now zip line straight into the pool.

Karim, can I say that your falafel is delicious?

Oh, thank you very much.

Thanks for setting up that stand.

People are really doing it.

Well, it is.

Marissa, for you, everything is possible.

God, I love this guy.

Karim, now do you sell falafel at your 7-Eleven?

We should mention that you and Lislare met at your 7-Eleven on a day when Lislare was...

Describe your meat cute, if you will.

Well, I walked in to fill up a giant coo...

igloo cooler with Flushing.

I noticed her immediately.

And he said that...

Even though she was wearing complete camouflage.

Yeah.

I had on 7-Eleven camouflage, so I had just taped a bunch of chips to my body.

But I saw it immediately.

Couple bags of sun chips.

I was like...

There is a woman wearing a suit made of potato chips.

I want to track her and see what she's up to.

At first, was it you were trying to figure out what she was doing with the slurpee machine?

Oh, she seemed very untrustworthy.

Well, then she broke your slushy machine.

Oh, yes.

And you were real pissed.

And then we couldn't walk by there for, I don't know, three or four months.

And then you guys...

I taped a picture from my security camera up behind the cash register to say, beware for this woman.

Beware of this woman.

She's not good.

She's a bad person.

Bad person.

Mm-hmm.

Right.

And then you guys went on a date.

That's right.

How did that even come about? I can't even...

I mean, you have a picture taped of stay away from this woman.

Then all of a sudden you're on a date? What happened?

Well, he has a separate...

Like a...

What's it called?

That glass that doesn't...

Bullets won't go through.

The partition?

Yeah, through glass.

Where he usually does this cashiering, which is where the picture is.

And one day I just appeared in there.

You'd gotten in through the air ducts again.

And it spooked him.

Yeah, because this is a place where everything is safe for me.

Yeah, sanctuary.

And then I'm not sure how she got in there.

I don't know what happened.

It was like, you know, in the Batman movies, when the policeman is talking to Batman, he turns around.

The Batman is gone.

It's the opposite of that.

This was like the opposite of this.

I am just sitting there talking to myself.

I turn around and this woman is there.

And in four questions, I broke through the emotional wall as well.

And we were friends again.

Yes.

Can may I ask what those questions were?

You may not.

Okay.

They are...

What is she ever asked them?

Wow.

Don't answer them unless you want to fall madly in love with her.

How will I know she's asking?

You're not going to know.

I had no idea until question number four.

And questions went through three.

I'm not even sure if they're relevant.

They're gibberish.

Yeah, but question four.

I broke you.

It immediately...

Saturday.

Everything changed for me.

Oh, yes.

I broke down and it begins crying.

And but also it's stirring in my loins.

Oh, you know.

What happened in that behind that bulletproof last man?

Oh, we made love.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, we made love.

And then we filled out a contract.

Yep.

And we went all serious.

Post love making.

I didn't have the papers with me, Marissa, and some time.

Well, I thought you said you always have to get a signature before you go forward.

I don't want to do any work until you get a signature.

I made a design.

I made a design blank piece of paper.

Yes.

But this is...

Oh, then you zero-oxeter.

This is an example of my trust in her.

I knew that she would not use this for ill will.

That's beautiful.

All right.

Well, I guess I'll do the introductions.

I'm Dr. Seth Wampler.

Hello.

Sorry about that.

I'm sitting here like a jackass.

Yeah, I'm Scott Ockerman.

I've been asking you questions.

Obviously, you must have heard the podcast.

I feel bad because I feel as though I'm being rude.

But I've heard all about all of you guys from Lisa.

Yes.

Oh, so have you listened to the show?

You've just heard this one.

No, no, no.

I don't listen to computers or anything like this.

But she's telling me all the time we are together while we are hitting them.

She's telling me all about all of you people.

And I get those to my Dijournos from at 7-Eleven.

So I'm in there three or four times a day to get my Dijournos, my cream cheese.

Hot pockets.

She's very...

Popped her.

I keep saying like...

Lay off the hot pockets.

...to your thighs.

Yeah.

And she still eats them.

What happened in that three months you couldn't get those Dijournos?

Did you slim down a door?

Oh, yeah.

I did.

You looked good for once and I don't...

Hey, hurtful.

No, no.

But what I'm saying is...

You're just trying to encourage you to...

The dream's so bad.

The dream's so fat from down below your waist.

Thanks a lot.

You know what, man?

I'll take that right into therapy with Whistler.

I'm gonna have to cocoon about that for like seven and a half weeks.

Oh, well.

Stop being so fat.

Korean says women in Pakistan.

It's a sign of great wealth to have thighs that are...

20 times a time inside of your tongue.

You know what else it is?

It's also a pretty kosher to slam some airplanes into buildings.

Oh, okay.

Where he comes from.

Okay.

9-Eleven.

Never forget.

Alright.

I don't say them all you guys.

Everybody wants to come in here and...

Oh my God.

I'm so sorry.

But I have to take...

Can I take the mic with me?

Because I think something's going on.

Yeah, yeah.

No, go ahead.

Take the wireless with you.

Okay.

Hold on.

Okay.

Yeah, yeah.

Anyway.

Careful on that.

Careful going down the...

Instantly started breathing very heavily.

Anytime I move...

Marissa just is climbing down the rock wall.

Oh God.

Okay.

Hold on.

Hold on one second.

I just saw two people go into the pump...

The pump room.

Yeah.

Where they pump...

Where they pump all the chlorine from the...

Lissa and everybody in that earlier.

Hold on.

Cree.

We called it the pump room for a different reason.

Which reason would that have been?

She's doing the lisler thing.

She's doing the same thing.

Yeah, you don't have to make the noise of the door as well.

Are you your own fully at this time?

What are you doing?

What are you doing here?

Could you please give us some privacy?

What's going on in here?

What?

What is going on in here?

Marissa, what's happening down there?

Well, all I see is a crumpled up pair of jams in the corner.

And um...

Jams.

Yeah, and there's a...

Danielle.

And then two...

Two Asian girls.

What?

Jess.

I don't know what was just happening, but I'm freaking out right now.

Eric.

Jessica, why don't you do me here?

Oh my god.

Jessica, why don't you get some get out?

You're so amazing.

My name is Marissa Wobler.

I can't believe this.

Okay.

What did you think her name was?

Jessica Wombler?

That would be absurd.

I just imagine this pump room.

That would be like thinking Eric's name is Jason.

That wouldn't make any sense.

Sweetheart, I'm freaking out.

Sweetheart, ask her if she sells the card I gave her.

What?

Art?

Ask her about the card.

Sweetheart.

What is going on?

This is going on.

That's not important right now, Sam.

I think it is.

That girl's feet is tiny.

This is why it's everybody laughing.

It is not funny.

Describe what you're seeing, Marissa, because we are not seeing what you're seeing in the listener.

Certainly can't either.

Okay.

They've made a sort of nest out of towels.

In detail, please, especially when you're speaking of...

Danielle.

A nest out of towels.

Danielle's tits are a kimbo.

A kimbo?

They're separated from each other?

They're flopping too and fro.

What is the shape of them?

They're um, they're conical in shape.

The nipples look like tiny silver dollars.

They're perfect.

In fact, there's a bright light coming from them.

I wish I had brought myself a sis.

Okay.

And there's two Asian girls there as well.

What are they doing?

They're two Asian girls.

They seem to be attending in some sort of way.

One of them has a hand towel over their hand as a waiter would.

I don't know what happened in here.

Guys, how could you do this to me?

Eric, are you down there?

Yeah, I'm here.

What's going on down there?

Danielle was here and she said she wanted to talk to me about our breakup in the pool house.

In the pump room.

In the pump room?

In the pump room.

So I came in here and then...

Then what happened, please?

They didn't...

Talk slowly.

Kristen and Katie came in with us and...

What kind of names are those four Asian people?

They're American names.

Yeah.

Shut up.

They're probably third generation at this point.

We're dealing with it like a Sim T.

Which one are you?

Now what's your name?

Yes, Katie.

I kissed him.

Okay.

And you're serving tea down there?

Kimmy has produced from God knows where her gigantic purse.

What seems to be a tea setting for 11 or 12 people.

Is that Orange bathroom?

It's sweet Jasmine.

I'll take some tea.

So Eric...

You're not having any tea.

Eric.

I would be up ahead a bit.

Eric, why are your jams off?

When we got in here...

When we got in here, Danielle said she wanted to see something.

And then she took my jams off.

I just wanted to see his jams off.

Did you know what?

I don't believe any of this.

Then she took her top off and I got a boner and she said, See, I knew it.

You still love me.

Okay.

That's all I needed to hear.

I want all of you.

I want you out of my pool party immediately.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

I said I don't.

What?

I said I don't love you.

I love someone else.

I'm just sexually attracted to you.

Oh my god.

He did say that.

That is one of the most romantic things that anyone has ever said to me.

Wait, wait.

I have to clarify.

You love someone else.

Who are you talking about?

Katie.

What?

He said I love you very much.

And I say I love you.

Oh my goodness.

So Eric, you are burning through the ladies at Marina Del Rey.

Hi.

I don't know what's happening anymore.

Chalk, chime.

Sorry.

You had to have to see me this way.

You guys want music right now, right?

That's to underscore this.

Just playing just the two of us.

Marissa, I'm not seeing you by the way.

Really, it should be just the four of us.

Five of, there's actually five of you.

With Kimmy including Kimmy.

Sweetheart, get out of there.

If it's a negative environment, get out of there for yourself.

Thank you, Seth.

I'm getting out of here.

Okay.

You've paced a week.

Close the door behind you.

Just get out of here.

I hate all of you.

Come on, Max.

Come on up.

I'm coming up here.

It should have been a tea episode.

No, it won't just do the tea.

I love a good Jap-T.

Oh my god.

Oh dear.

Okay.

Marissa, come back up here.

Use one of the tramps.

Oh, okay.

Get up here quickly.

Okay, I'm here.

Wait, use the water cannon.

Okay.

Whoa.

Wow.

God damn it.

Oh, you know what?

That was actually a really great idea to use the water cannon because I kind of felt like I got reborn there for a second.

You got up here real fast.

That wasn't awkward watching to climb up that thing.

Oh, god.

I'm so sorry, Marissa.

No, I...

You know what?

It's better that I saw it because...

Yeah.

I need to understand what's going on.

I mean, obviously, Gutterballs is not in any position to be in a relationship.

And I think we knew that.

Can you describe as man-cannical pencil?

Well, it was as thin and long as I had remembered.

Yeah.

Excuse me.

Can I just say something?

I cannot believe...

Can I just say something?

When we went to the prom, I said to you that I thought we could make a very good couple and that I had real feelings for you.

And then you said that we couldn't be together because you didn't feel that way towards me.

And so I went out...

What?

That I moved on.

Why did you say that?

I just heard my love to you and I said I would go...

I would not go to college so that I could be in town for your last year of high school.

But you got into Marie-Dazzleray community.

Why would you turn that up?

That's what you said.

Turn it down.

Sweetheart.

You turn it down.

You don't turn it up.

Whatever.

And you said that I should go and do that and that you didn't love me and you only thought of me as a friend.

And so I started going out with Katie Wong.

Why would you say that you...

We talked about Eric constantly since your first appearance.

I had been watching obsessively the Kate Hudson movie, How to Lose a Guy in 10 Days.

Oh okay.

And this was on Charlotte Lisler's recommendation.

You got to stay away from that.

I'm right here.

That was a surprise.

I got roped into that one too.

And I had followed all nine of the steps.

And the 10th step was when he professes his love to you to say that you didn't feel the same way.

And that's how you would really get it.

I want to take this moment and I want you guys to face each other, do a couple of squats.

And then I want you to say to each other what you really feel over this Robin Thicks song.

I'm sorry I don't have blurred lines.

Do you need it?

I can go to you.

Too late.

Is this the kind of thing you do at 5.30 in the morning?

This sounds more like army training by the way.

What kind of deep are we doing a deep squat or?

Is there some sort of tire obstacle course that you're supposed to go through?

It's a garbage can run.

Do I, am I spotting one of them or what's- Sure get behind, get behind yourself.

All right I'll get behind her.

Sweetheart you know how much you weigh below your waist.

So don't tip back on her.

Should we get Danielle up here as well?

Hi here.

Hey.

All right yeah.

How much you can I feel like one of those coaches?

How much weight can this thing hold?

Let's feel like we're about this.

Katie should be here too.

Yeah how much?

We really, because we all know how much we all weigh.

How much do your boobs weigh?

Oh god you know what?

Just so we know if this is going to collapse.

I weighed them on on a grocery scale and they're about 12.5 pounds.

Yeah I hope you wet wiped that grocery scale because that's disgusting.

Couple of bowling balls.

So I have a wet wipe for you.

Which one are you?

I'll take that.

Katie that's it.

Marissa I do feel like I should tire you.

Or I'll take that.

I do feel like I should tell you Marissa that.

Even though I feel like you are the love of my life.

Yes.

I have been having a summer long three-way with Danielle and Katie.

Okay.

Okay this is T very hard.

Nobody wants your fucking T.

I'll take the T.

Nobody wants it.

Sweetheart I need.

I thought this is Japanese T.

I'm going to take some of this.

Please don't have a burning your lips.

Thank you so much.

Katie.

She's not part of the three-way she just serves T.

She's she's she's our T.

Girl.

Kimmy.

She just gives us.

Horigato.

Domo.

All right we get it.

You spent time overseas.

Yes I did.

Wow.

All right continue.

Please continue with the sharing of the feeling.

Does it feel like the platform's shifting slightly?

Yes.

Okay.

Yeah.

Eric.

Eric what I want to say to you is that I wasn't ready for you to walk into my life and turn it upside down the way you did.

And now that you have.

I'm going to be changed forever.

And I think it's best for us to sever contact starting right now.

Oh no.

And sorry what kind of T.

I can't.

Seth I am in the middle of an emotional life.

Oh sorry.

This T is so good.

I'm just asking.

It is so good.

This platform shouldn't be swaying.

Guys I don't feel safe right now.

Emotionally or physically on his platform.

This is weird.

We've had a- Wait.

Everybody should get on a zip line to get out of here.

And also I do also want to just say one last thing and this is not exactly a plug but it is something I want to get out of the way right now.

Sure.

Miss Lisla.

Like what's happening right now?

And since you've come into my life this has been the happiest most beautiful period I have ever experienced.

What?

She's in the face right now.

When my wife was murdered in front of me in my country I swore to her that I would never fall in love and marry again.

I am now willing to go back on that promise.

Oh my god.

Is she gonna haunt me?

She will never haunt you.

She would want me to be happy as what she said.

But is she a ghost though?

Could we let this proposal happen?

This is the most beautiful thing I've ever experienced.

I don't know.

I'm not impressed.

It needs more info.

I have this ring and I would like you, Miss Lisla, to be my wife.

Can we be together in this state?

What is that mean?

What?

What is that mean?

Is it legal for us to be together in this state?

I don't think it is.

What do you mean?

You can marry him?

No, he's a foreigner.

Why don't I understand you're legal?

I'm a man.

What?

Okay, hold on.

We don't have time.

We don't have time to pull on this thread.

What?

Hold on.

I want to thank Haley Leer, Haley Leer, who donated $100 to CBB.

Thank you so much.

And Danielle, what do you want to- Danielle, what are your tits after plug?

Yeah.

I'm doing the Maria De Dorei dance competition with my Asian.

It's Danielle and Maria De Dorei dynamic dancers.

What day is that in time?

Stop breaking it down.

It's next.

I'm coming to be so much fun for you.

Oh, we have so much.

Steve, everyone.

Let's close up the plug bag.

Here we go.

I'm using the plug bag.

Wait a minute.

The vibrations from the closing of the plug bag are shifting.

Oh, God.

It's shifting.

Oh, my God.

I said that.

Grab a zip line if you can.

I said that.

Oh, wampler.

She's terrible at interning.

She really is.

But I like listening to her.

Do you really?

She's very unpleasant.

Yeah, she's a weird body.

She said, well, I don't hold that against her.

Well, it's not her fault.

If you know what I mean, I would never hold it against her.

Ah, man.

The secret language of them.

This is what it's like.

It is her fault, by the way.

She talked about it.

She eats way too many dijorno sandwiches.

Yeah, dijorno sandwiches.

Which is cream cheese.

Two dijorno shells.

No tomato sauce, no cheese.

But there's just cream cheese spread over them.

It does sound good.

It does sound kind of good.

But that's why she looks like that.

All right, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we'll have, this is amazing.

Your number one episode of the year.

I can't believe it.

What could it be?

I think I don't know.

All right.

Well, I think I know we'll be right back after this.

All right, comedy.

Comedy.

Bang.

Bang, bang.

Bang.

Bang, bang, bang, bang.

Bang, bang.

Comedy Bing-Bong.

Do you hear him sirens?

Oh, man.

Somebody done a crime.

Oh, hell.

Too bad it wasn't a plane.

I've listened to my Bearcat scanner.

I heard a crime go.

I like this guy.

I kind of like it too.

All right, work on that.

Okay.

All right.

Well, maybe we'll see you later.

I'm here with Paula Tompkins.

Hi.

Can I wait with Scott?

Yep.

I just want to reset with the listener.

Can I say hi to them?

Hello.

Hi.

We're having fun here.

I think, yes.

It's been a journey.

Yeah, it has been a journey.

We've counted down your top 15.

We've even heard what 20 through 16 were.

We haven't heard clips from them.

But top 15 this year, some great stuff this year.

A lot of great stuff.

Listen, this show was on fire this year.

Great guests.

People going out of their goddamn minds.

There was so much giggling and goofery.

Gallant showed up one point.

Yeah, he was not.

He was not welcome.

Nope.

Tables got turned.

No, he was like, hey, good.

Get out of here, gallant.

Go hold the door open for old lady.

We like Goofus.

That's right.

Goofus around.

Yeah.

Some good stuff this year.

And you know, you hate to be at the end of it.

End of a countdown, but you love to watch it.

Watch them.

And of course, what would the end of a countdown be without your number one?

That's right.

Number one.

Here we are.

I love that old expression.

It's not the end of a countdown without a number one.

We're here.

What do you think it is?

I know what I would like it to be.

Yeah.

What is that?

Well, I'm not going to say it.

Okay. If I say the title and that is what you would like it to be, will you say that?

We confirm that.

Okay, great.

Now, we've had a lot of...

Oh, if it's not what I would like it to be, I will very obviously lie and say that that is what I wanted it to be.

Okay, great.

I'm going to be confused because I don't pick up on the line.

You will know the difference.

All right.

Well, I don't know.

I have a hard time reading emotions.

Okay.

This is...

Now, a lot of the previous positions had some jockeying back and forth.

Sure.

Not this one.

This was the runaway favorite from the whole time.

The entire time it never was less than number one.

Wow.

The entire time.

And by hundreds and thousands of votes.

How can you say how many votes did this one get?

This one ended up getting almost 4,000 votes.

And this, everything else was in the shoes.

Wow.

So the votes were pretty even...

This got the most votes?

This got the most, yes.

So the votes were pretty evenly distributed over the...

Well, let's see.

Number 15 had...

Let me check on that.

Had 1,487.

Okay.

I don't know, math.

Or how it goes.

Well, we've been counting.

Now it can be without number one.

Like, no, I get that.

Of course, I know that expression.

But yeah, I wish I hadn't opened up this worm can.

Oh, why are there so many cans of worms?

Sirens!

Did you hear?

Well, this guy's great.

Cram went!

Okay, so this was far and away.

The favorite episode of everyone of the year.

This, I was listening to it again today.

And it certainly is one of my favorite episodes we've ever done.

There is so much out of this episode, we're gonna take it in two chunks.

You're saying it's rich, textured, layered.

And there are so many bits in it, and so much good stuff, and so much story happening.

I couldn't figure out exactly what to cut from it.

So we're gonna hear two long chunks.

We're gonna take a break in the middle from it.

From it, in it.

We're gonna take a break from it.

This is your number one episode, and it is from episode 215.

And it is an episode called Time Bobby Two.

Yeah!

You were lying really?

No, Scott, you're terrible at reading things.

Time Bobby Two, can I just say Time Bobby One?

Last year, just Time Bobby, it wasn't Time Bobby One.

We never knew there would be a sequel.

That's right.

That would have been bold to a title of Time Bobby One.

But we should do an episode like that next year.

We're definitely gonna do another one of these, no matter what.

I actually, we may have one coming up.

Okay, but the first Time Bobby episode, won our countdown last year.

That's right.

This is the only time this has ever happened.

As I mentioned earlier, Farts and Procreation, they won number one one year, and then they slipped down to either two or three.

I can't remember the next year.

And then number three was number five this year.

So this is the only time this has ever happened, where an episode won number one one year, and then it's sequel one number one the second year, and that is just to test them into the quality of these episodes, I believe.

Well, I'm very excited.

This is one of my all time favorite episodes.

I'm stuff going on.

A lot of stuff going on.

I enjoyed this greatly.

Yes, how's did I?

Now, we're going to hear a couple of chunks here before we take a break.

We're going to hear, basically, this is our good friend, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

You heard him pretty early in this countdown in number 15.

He was just hanging out with us.

And as it happened in the previous Time Bobby episode, the reason this is his sequel is because of the people involved, the personnel, I was just chatting with Andrew Lloyd Webber.

You'll hear a little bit of that.

And then a very special guest comes in who was in the previous Time Bobby episode, and a lot of stuff happens.

I'm not going to spoil it for you, but it ends on a cliffhanger.

And then when we come back from that, we'll take a break, and then we'll hear the resolution of that cliffhanger.

I can't wait.

All right, so this is your number one episode Time Bobby Two.

And what has been going on with you, Andrew Lloyd Webber?

Have you been living in the merry old land of Ing?

Yes, England, of course.

I said denial.

And it's been a while since we have spoken.

It's been quite a while.

It's been, of course, quite a while.

And I always love to catch up with you, because you're always up to something fascinatingly interesting.

Oh, yes, aren't I?

Yes, of course.

Always up to something.

You're a fascinatingly interesting...

I say, do you hear that rap-tapping upon the...

Our chamber door?

Yes.

To the visitor, I suppose, and nothing more.

Hello.

Who's with that voice coming from?

Hello.

I'm looking in the space where a regular-sized human being man would be.

Yes, directly across from our eyeballs.

Yes, and there is nothing there.

And yet, I distinctly hear a voice.

You gotta look down towards the ground.

What's that?

Sculptric!

Do you see who my spy?

Hi, I have a...

Oh my gosh, I think I see it.

Hi, guys, don't.

Hello.

It's a...

It's a dear fovell.

It's been a while.

It's...

It's been...

Now, fovell, it's been quite a while since we've seen you.

It's been a long time, but it's good to see you guys.

Well, I am paralyzed with fright.

Yes, I do.

You keep calm, do the other thing.

I'm sorry.

I just wanted to start off by apologizing for stamping you last time.

Last time you were on the show, you were a frisky little boy.

I call it a stabby.

You did quite stabby.

Yeah, it's been a long time since then.

It's been the worst experience of my life.

Yeah.

It's been...

A long time since we've seen you.

You did.

It's just...

In dismissive Jimmy Stewart, of course.

Did you realize he was also dismissive?

Ah, dismissive.

Ah, hi, fovell.

Let me catch the listeners up on what is happening right now.

One of the last times that Lord Webber, Lloyd, Lloyd, Webber and I...

Lord, Lloyd Webber.

Lord, Lloyd, Lloyd Webber.

Well, Webby got together a tiny young orphan boy, Hugh.

Hugh Jackman?

No, Hugh, that I'm looking at right now.

Oh, Dad, I thought you meant to have...

No, he's been broadcasting schools.

Okay.

Hugh came into the studio looking for scraps.

Yeah, I was lost.

You were lost and you were looking for scraps and then ended up looking for a father.

Lord, Lloyd, was about to...

Lord, Lloyd.

Lord, Lloyd, Lloyd Webber.

I was going to make you my ward.

Yeah.

Invite you to my castle.

Yeah.

To live in a gilded cage.

On top of the world.

That's right.

Do you live on top of the world?

Yes, didn't you know?

We've never spoken about what your actual address is.

Yes.

The North Pole?

500.

Yeah.

That's right.

If you would like to send me some correspondence, simply address it to Lord, Andrew Lloyd Webber, the North Pole.

Well, I remember at one point there was a big court case deciding whether or not you were real.

And someone from the post office came in and dumped...

Just sacks and sacks of letters to you on...

Yes.

It was such a hassle.

They declared a mistrial.

Of course they were.

I'm allowed to walk the earth as a real person.

Are they retrying it though?

Ever since the mistrial?

Oh, I hope not.

What do you know?

You should check in on this.

To do some web research.

But let's not web research.

Let's not forget we have a...

Stabby orphan in front of us.

Oh, I totally forgot.

I got so sidetracked us.

I'm not gonna hurt anybody unless...

You fucking...

You just get more...

This is the problem, the unless...

Exactly what happened last time.

You said you weren't gonna hurt us.

I don't wanna hurt nobody.

I just want love and some food.

Maybe some...

Great.

Like if you have some flies, I'll eat those.

But...

You have to...

I was really...

Renphillian Behaviourful.

Can you still make the webs?

It's been quite wild.

You waited how long?

It's been...

Since I was a child, I think.

Ancient Frank, did we install the metal detectors in the studio yet?

Ah, no, I haven't you done that.

I...

We have this open doorbell.

It's been on your honey do list forever.

It's been on my honey do list forever.

And we still have not done it.

Look, I don't wanna...

I don't wanna start this again.

I just wanna be truthful this time.

I am...

I am carrying...

How...

How many knives are you going to?

Michael, he's got a plastic knife.

Got a panderlier full of knives.

A wooden knife?

He's got knives in every...

A butter knife.

Not...

It's actually made of butter.

Oh my goodness.

Really hard and butter.

Yeah.

My goodness.

That's kinda cute.

That's kinda cold.

It gets warm and...

Is that an icicle?

Yeah.

You have an icicle in your bandow here?

Yeah.

It's a perfect murder weapon because...

Because you can have the money and then it melts and nobody knows.

Yeah.

And then you...

It's also got a leg of lamb and a frozen leg of lamb.

Yeah.

I can't eat it because it's frozen or else I'd be charmed down.

But I just wanted to let you know.

I'm always packing.

I can't help it because I'm from the streets.

I do.

For new listeners, yes.

This is a young orphan, Forval.

Yeah.

Why do you call yourself Forval or why do you...

Like five or put one last?

Oh right, right, of course.

Everything.

I forget these things.

I have a...

My little brother's threefold.

You have family?

Now wait a minute.

If you've got family there boy, why are you running around stabbing people for scraps?

Oh, they died.

Oh.

I do apologize.

You were speaking of him at the present tense.

Yeah.

Because I still carry him with me in my little heart.

Oh, in your heart.

Oh, I was afraid he was in that bandolier.

I also was afraid.

Wait, part of him.

Oh, what?

Are they frozen?

No.

Oh, okay.

Just lose meat.

Scraps, in other words.

No, tell me, recent death, this threefold suffered?

A couple of days ago, yeah.

And, uh, might I inquire, I say, ask trepidation, Lee.

What might have been the calls of threefold's demise?

We were watching a movie and he said he won't go sleeping.

Could you turn it down?

I said, are you...

Are you fucking kidding me bro?

No, no, no.

Are you fucking kidding me bro?

Oh, this is...

Oh, what movie?

I'm sorry.

What movie?

Was it something that had to be listened to loudly?

It was the throw momma from the train.

Okay, okay, I understand.

Loud train sounds.

Yeah.

Adds to these...

Oh, that's quite good.

That was a good train, too.

It's almost like you're watching it right now.

I thought there was a train coming.

I was gonna hop on it.

Oh, that's what you do as an orphan.

Yeah, a little box cart.

Can I ask you a question that I'm very, very concerned about?

Of course.

You say there's loose meat of your brother, three-ville, inside your bandolier.

Yeah.

And loose meat is scraps.

And you...

It's heavily established that you're out there looking for scraps.

Sculpting!

I forgot your cute faucet.

I'm very alarmed at this...

conversation- It's a snack.

...stack question.

It is!

I'm just wondering...

Are you about to say what I think you're about to say?

Ah, yes, whatever happened to Jay Davidson?

Oh.

What did happen to Jay Davidson?

Do you know, Forval?

Yeah.

You know what happened to Jay Davidson?

Look, on the back of my bandolier.

Oh my God!

His Jay Davidson's penis!

This big surprise of the crying game spoiler alert!

No way, do you recognize it on site?

Yeah, of course I do.

It's the most famous penis in the world.

You know, that's a fair point.

Why, how did you get Jay Davidson's penis?

I saw him at the store one day, and I tell you, Jay Davidson, Ryan, he's like...

Why?

Why you?

What a place he had.

Yeah.

Remember his melodious voice?

He had a beautiful...

A kid to Jeffrey Holden.

He could have been the new Darth Vader in the new movies.

He said, you look lonely, and I said, I need a home to stay, and he said, you can stay with me, and I said, let me say that to you.

And I cut it right off.

But why?

Because I don't want to live with that asshole.

I would have just said no!

Well, I guess I could, but when you're on the streets, man, you gotta think quick, you gotta be on your toes, even if they're little orphan toes.

Was his penis exposed in the store?

This is what I'm on.

What kind of store is this?

That guy's a little freak, man.

He walked around with his paint towel all the time.

What store is this?

He's the only way people recognize him.

Is this some sort of pornography store that you were out, is it?

Yeah, with the pornography store.

Laysack's shopping?

Yeah, a latex shopping.

New high-end.

Yeah, sometimes I go in there and steal edible panties to eat.

Oh, that was a...

That would feel bad for him again.

Full line.

Although you claim to me that you...

Pretty much my whole life is making people feel bad for me so that I could live with them.

But so you're aware of it?

I don't know where I'm down.

But you're doing a mood is up around the world.

As much as I just...

I know my place.

You're cognizant.

Yeah, cognizant.

Correct.

Well, that's...

I worry that you're out there searching for scraps and what you're doing is carving up human beings and then eating them.

Is that mean just to lay it out there?

I'm never getting human beings.

Don't slander me like that.

I just... I mean, I keep judging Kase because if it ever gets real bad, I might have to, but thank God it has a goddamn endpoint yet.

You have yet to taste human flesh.

Yeah, and it's just my brother.

Pardon my brother, lose me.

And J. David's penis.

That's all I got so far, so it's not like I'm a mad murderer.

Let me ask you this.

If you were to come to that, if you were in some sort of situation where there were no more edible panties to eat, shut up to think, what kind of a world would that be?

That's a living nightmare.

What would you eat?

Open a dimension.

Which would you eat first?

Would you eat your brother, Threevil?

Or would you eat J. David's in swang?

I'm not gonna lie, I think I'm going for the brother because I ain't down with that gay shit.

Wait a minute, four of all really, you're homophobic?

A little bit, yeah, yeah.

But you would miss it.

I'm fully admitted about that.

I don't understand it.

I'm cool with that.

Like they could do what they want, but I mean...

I was walking down the street.

And I heard the beautiful voice, and I thought this is my time to come apologize.

Yeah, so maybe this is the problem.

But I shouldn't have you on the show anymore, under Lloyd Webber.

What?

Well, I mean, he heard your voice, and all of a sudden, here he is.

I'm supposed to have some sort of a...

...stabby orphan lighting rod.

I'm going to be honest, I was outside when weirdo.

Yaykovic was here, but I gave the respect to that man.

Oh, okay.

And I didn't come in, but if you don't hear from weirdo, again, that's not...

No, I say.

Wait a minute.

Why does he deserve respect, and we don't?

Honestly, because you guys fucking punked me over that time.

I'm like, it's a pretty space.

I think you're bearing the lead.

You gave me...

He just intimated that he has murdered to death, weirdo Yankovic.

What?

He said, if we don't hear from him again...

Do you have anything else in that...

Wait, have you...

Have you...

Have you murdered the vicar of Yangtz?

Or are you going to?

This Hawaiian t-shirt didn't come from...

He has a Hawaiian t-shirt made that's just covered in blood.

Oh, that's what your knapsack is actually made of.

I should have noticed it was a Hawaiian pattern.

It's a contract I need to talk to.

Uh, yeah.

Do you mind...

Oh, no, not at all.

This...

Yeah, I'm sure this'll end perfectly.

Jesus fucking Christ.

I'll be over here not listening, assholes.

Thank you.

Thank you, Ferval.

It's a conflict.

Yes.

I feel as if Fofel is just as dangerous as he ever was.

I had hoped he would be less dangerous.

It seems to me that murder is on his mind today.

I had hoped that he was dead.

He seems to be alive and stabby.

I had hoped that perhaps when he had attacked the vicar of Yangtz, that perhaps Alfred had gotten the best of him, and perhaps, you know, I'm sure it would be kind of an equal battle for a little while, but then at the last second, Alfred would have grabbed the knife that had been kicked away, and then just stabbed him repeatedly.

If only his name was dangerous, Alfred Yangtz, he'd be like, oh, he brave.

He really missed the boat on that.

He did.

Well, what do we do?

I don't know what...

I suppose it's just playing long for now.

Okay.

I can't hate the boy.

I'm right at the clock.

I'm worried that he's armed, and he has so met, especially the icicle.

Oh, are you worried that he's armed?

Yes.

What I'd like, what I mean to say is perhaps we could get those those weapons away from him.

No, no boy.

Yes.

Do you remember the last time we attempted to do such a thing?

It didn't work out for us.

Go remember, knife-gram.

Well, I sort of remember it.

I can't really remember what it stood for.

No, can I?

Well, can I?

Well, there was...

Kay.

He's got a knife.

He's got a knife, of course.

And...

No, really.

He does have a knife.

That's right.

I...

I do hope he does not stab us with that knife he clearly has.

Yes.

F.

Forgive me, but this knife that he has is really scaring me.

Yes.

E.

Now, he's got a knife.

Which is, we've established that when you shout, you turn cockness.

Yes, and at that point I'd certainly be shouting.

Of course.

Then G.

G.

Go blimey.

You're really shouting at this point.

Yes.

Go blimey.

Someone come get this knife away from this.

So who gets this fucking knife?

Please don't guy Richard.

And then of course R.

R.

Really?

Are you someone go get this fucking knife off of him?

Oh, who's that?

That's you when you're really, really, really shouting at your...

For crocodile done D it showed up.

Please.

A.

A shame it would be.

Will we to be stabbed by this child?

And his knife.

You're not shouting at this point because you have been stabbed and the blood is...

I'm becoming very reflective.

Yes, of course.

My life passing before the last.

Of course.

And then of course B.

Boy, oh boy.

I hope we don't get stabbed anymore.

Here we come, God.

We're about to meet you.

That's correct.

Boy, yeah, that doesn't work out for us.

So this time...

Yeah.

I wonder if you might come up with a different strategy.

Okay.

Perhaps restraining him without work.

I mean, we didn't try that last time.

Yes.

Perhaps rather than grabbing for the knife.

We're grabbed for the little orphan himself.

Orphan grab.

Yes.

Awkward curse.

Now how would we remember?

The secret code word orphan grab.

Well, we could turn into a mnemonic device.

I suppose.

Oh, I say that's a clever idea.

Okay.

Well, let's try it out.

So, oh.

Oh.

Oh no.

We've got to get that orphan.

Yes, of course.

Then R.

Really?

Lord Weber.

Please grab the orphan.

Yes.

P.

Phone.

Someone use this phone.

And call someone who is expert at grabbing orphans.

Okay, of course.

H.

Hello.

Are you an orphan who needs grabbing?

I rather think you are.

A.

The phone's so cool.

Surely he would grab an orphan.

Let's emulate his behaviors.

And then.

No.

An orphan needs grabbing.

Who will do it?

Us.

G.

Your hair smells terrific.

Won't you consider grabbing an orphan?

R.

Are you going to grab this orphan or not?

A.

Phone is back.

Of course B.

Boy.

Who needs grabbing that orphan right now?

Of course.

Okay.

So.

If this comes up, if either of us says orphan grab, we're going to grab him.

We'll remember.

And just so we're criss-cutely along everything.

Offer to grab that code word.

And it stands for O.

A.

Oh.

Oh gosh.

What does an orphan grab stand for?

Is that what I have to tell me?

We have to make sure both clear on this.

I have got to remember.

You do.

Of course I do.

Oh no.

Oh.

Oh god.

Oh.

Very close.

Oh.

There's an orphan boy.

We must grab him.

That's good enough.

Okay.

R.

Really.

Orphans.

We need to- Oh gosh.

You know what?

I think this is going to be too much for me to remember.

Maybe we should just say orphan grab.

All right.

I do hope we remember.

Okay.

That code word.

Let's bring him back and see what.

All right.

Yes.

Uh, four of all- Four of all.

Hello, dear boy.

Come back over here.

Put away your coloring book.

Get off your little pony.

I brought my little pony.

Are you a bit of a prony?

I'm sorry.

Are you a bit of a prony?

I am.

I thought you'd ask me if I was a jabroni.

Oh no.

I thought- No, you wouldn't say that.

No, I didn't.

I was very confused by the theme far and coming out of his mouth.

Well, he's a huge fan of the worldwide wrestling and federation.

Why don't you grow?

Why don't you shut the fuck up?

Whoa, four of all my fucking grow.

Why don't you offer french fries like a gentleman?

Look, I put them away.

That's the very least I could do.

Yeah.

Put them in your fry vault.

Speaking of fry vault, do you have a brother fry vault?

Yeah.

Really?

My oldest- I just was a hazard-dig a guest, but- He's my oldest younger brother.

Because he's in long school trick.

So fry vault is your oldest younger- Is fry vault still with us?

Yeah.

Well, why don't you live with him?

Not for long.

What?

Why?

Because he don't have a home neighbor.

Oh, so he's kind of perished just from the conditions out on the streets?

Yeah, he's got the gal.

Oh no.

How did you come to get the gal to such a tender age?

I think we're eating too much salt.

Oh, okay.

That'll do it.

Does he have scurvy as well?

Yeah.

A vitamin deficiency.

How don't you feed them some limes?

I don't have no limes.

I got nothing.

Oh, I got- Right.

Oh, I got the shirt on my back and this bandolier full of insane weapons.

Yeah, and of course, Jay Davidson's.

And Jay Dave- Oh, that's right.

Jay Davidson's penis.

And the loose scraps of your little brother.

Yeah.

Well, that's too bad for fry vault.

Yeah.

I'd love to meet him someday.

Well, I don't know if you would, because- Really?

Yeah, he's got a worse temper than I do.

I say, is he close by?

I think he might be- Well, why are we coming him up?

Is he not a fan of Lord Weber here?

Which is got a question of course, of course.

I don't know how to tell you to tell him- What?

He ain't not a fan.

What?

Is he actively staying away because of Lord Weber's present?

He's all about sondheim.

What?

Oh, why, I cannot- I- Oh, Sondheim has ever dropped a chandelier on any zagie!

How did he get his name?

Sondheim?

Yes.

Sondheim erosans.

Oh, of course.

Right at the day?

Riser of songs?

Himer of songs.

Indeed!

Well, so he would not want to come in, is that what you're saying?

I mean, he follows me around sometimes, so we have each other's back in a little sense, but if he shows up, it's not my fault.

Okay, yeah.

You know, I'm just saying- You say he has a worse temper than yours?

Much worse.

Yeah, much, much worse.

What would he make of my fry vault?

Well, he would get confused, I think it first conducted name.

Certainly, because I'd say this is my fry vault, and he would say I'm not a slave.

I'm not your fry vault!

Ooh!

Could that what he sounds like?

That's what he sounds like.

Yeah.

It's the same confusion I suffered around many grills.

He sounds a lot like Jay Davidson.

Even the V-1000!

Yeah.

Even the Foreman grill?

Well, the Foreman grill, I just don't understand.

How did they get the fat out?

Well, it drips down into the- The fat patter.

The fat patter.

That's why it's in an angle.

Well, thank you.

Now that this is resolved.

I just want to bet with Sarah Breitman.

You're still on good terms with Sarah Breitman.

Well, so look, we're on betting terms.

Oh, I see.

About grills.

So really, anytime a grill-themed bet comes up, your call Sarah Breitman.

Other than that, we do not speak.

Well, I hope he doesn't come, because he sounds dangerous.

I will say, let me go ahead and recognize it.

The last thing I want to happen on this earth is for this fry vault to show up in this dojo.

It truly is, because he will- Do you will gut you, man?

It'll be a day of reckoning.

Yeah.

Good news that he won't be here.

A day you won't.

Don't forget.

Well, we have to take a break here in a second, but I do want to- Morphin' grab!

Doo- I'm like a fucking- Get up!

Get up!

Hold it!

I got him!

He's so strong!

I got off of me!

He's so strong!

Don't the fucking pick him!

Okay, we'll be right back after this.

We'll be right back after this.

Eat number one!

Ooh, that is an exciting cliffhanger, isn't it?

I'm hanging- I feel like- I feel like I'm hanging off of a cliff.

I really do.

Yeah.

I don't want to be.

We talked about this on the show before, but shouldn't the movie cliffhanger have ended on a cliffhanger?

It should have.

Like, he falls off the mountain, freeze-framed to be continued.

Do you feel that they didn't have enough faith that people would want to see another one?

Yeah, I kind of do, and no one did.

Otherwise, they would have made one.

Boy, that's exciting.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we will hear the exciting resolution of Time Bobby 2.

After this- 227.

This is a comedy.

All right, comedy bang bang.

I'm here with Paul F. Tomkins.

Hi!

When we- Last left you!

You- We were looking at- Tiny- A sour- A sour- A sour- A- A tiny- Feral- Feral was tied up by myself and Andrew Lloyd Webber.

That's right.

And uh...

We finally got the drop on him.

We shouted out Orphan Grab and we got him.

That's right.

Thankfully, Andrew Lloyd Webber and you remembered what the- That you didn't need a pneumatic device.

Yes, yes, we remembered it.

Now, I don't know if you heard it in these clips because they're a little cut up, but I had been eating french fries the whole time.

By the way, I meant to set that up in it, but I had been sort of taunting young forvil with them.

He was starving.

He was starving, yes.

So that's what all that talk of french fries was about.

Okay, so we're gonna get back to it.

This is, of course, your number one and uh, this is the climactic conclusion of Time Bobby 2.

Number one.

Comedy bang bang.

Oh, look where- Ice cream.

It was tough.

That was a rough go.

There's a rough go.

There's some bullshit that's the way you treat me.

Don't tell me I can't buy it forvil!

The way you treat me- We got him and we were- We were asking for it.

Yes.

Thank God that I brought these handcuffs and these heavy strong ropes here into the studio.

We have him- Lucky coincidence.

We have a forvil tied to a chair here.

And they're little tiny handcuffs which really came in handy.

They're all the charming!

Yeah, they are. They're Barbie handcuffs.

I'm pissed off, but they are adorable.

Yeah, I'm glad that you can recognize that.

Why would they make Barbie handcuffs?

Well, Barbie's into some weird shit.

Yeah, man.

With Ken.

Yeah.

Shame for the children.

Ken Burns, I mean.

Oh, certainly the documentarian.

Yes, of course.

Ken Burns fucks Barbies.

Have we ever talked about that on the show?

Off mic.

Oh, okay, of course.

So thank goodness, but we have forvil restrained.

Yes.

I feel much better.

The child have to worry that we're going to be stabbed by the- We've taken away his bandolier full of things.

Yes.

And we have the- Is it up in the fry vault?

We locked it up in the fry vault, of course.

Pretty damn my brother.

No, no, no.

No, this is where the- Oh, that's what, yeah.

The confuses.

My French fry vault where I keep all my fries.

Yeah.

We put the icicle in the fry vault, which keeps the fries warm, so hopefully it'll melt down.

And also, Jay Davidson's penis is in there, and he's getting a nice browning.

Yeah, I'm going to say please be careful, because I don't want to cook the meat too much.

Sure, certainly we might donate it to Planet Hollywood.

Should they love to have it?

Yes.

In a glass case, right above someone's table.

That's right.

So, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, four-ville, I guess the shoe's on the other foot here, huh?

Yes.

Yeah.

Now you are at our mercy.

For the first time, I- I came here to apologize and you guys treat me like this, but I'm not going to say I get it.

I truly get it.

Yes, you did a shabby job of apologizing.

I don't- I know.

You- If the very first words out of your mouth where I don't want to stab you, but- Yeah.

That's a terrible way to be in a poli- But at least I was being honest.

Well, I guess we- I do commend you for your thought, I see.

Thank you for your candor.

Every good boy deserves fudge.

Yeah.

That's right.

That was part of a knife-grab, is it?

What's that?

Never mind.

So, uh, now that we have you at our mercy, we can ask you some questions and you have to answer them honestly, or else we, you know, we have some telephone calls here and we, you know, it's- Zachlopflornjins.

You know?

Boy, it's open to sock, I see.

Yeah, so- Well, code red.

Yes, Mountain Dew code red.

We're all sure we'll foresee the drinking.

You guys are the- You guys are terrorists.

As well?

Sorry.

Just- Not the code red.

Yeah.

Yep.

So, uh, here we go.

Forval, you gotta answer our questions or else- Boy.

You are in for it.

That's right.

It's been a long time coming.

All right, so, uh, forval, first off, we want to ask, how old are you?

Yeah.

How old are you?

Yeah.

You must answer- Right now?

Uh-huh.

I'm six years old.

Ah!

God!

Why?

I feel as if he's lying.

What?

I knew, uh, even if he wasn't, I was gonna hit him anyway.

Oh, my God.

I mean, it just- He stabbed us almost to death.

That is true.

You know?

I mean, this feels good.

If I get out of here, you don't even fucking understand what's gonna happen to you.

Oh, yeah, you're not getting out of here.

Oh, yeah?

You think you're so tough right now?

I do think I'm- Oh, God!

Are you like that?

I know.

I don't really enjoy it.

Who are you?

No, I don't enjoy it.

It was kind of rhetorical, though, I think.

No, I was sincerely asking.

Oh, you were.

Oh, you never know.

No, it's not fun to be able to tell phone books.

Right, noted.

Stop it!

You're hurting me.

Getting more fun or less fun?

Uh, less fun.

Thank you, take my survey.

I just have to walk questions.

Ow, stop it!

All right.

For- You're beating a child.

A stab-y child.

Are you a child?

You're beating a little orphan.

Are you a little orphan?

Because I frankly have my suspicions.

As do I.

You've claimed that you lived with Vince McMahon.

I lived with a bunch of people.

For 12 years.

How can you be six years old?

Like I said, on the streets, time gets long, so I don't understand- Oh, that was the- Stop that!

That first one was just a lawyer- Yeah, that was great!

So the security- Have a sense of security?

I- Ow, stop it!

Fall- That one didn't hurt much, but- Oh, okay, I'm so sorry.

Give me another one.

Okay, here we go.

Oh, dear.

Let me get my phone broke out.

Okay.

Why did you put it back down?

Well, I thought I was done with this.

You're not a very good Foley artist.

Here we go.

Ready?

Ow, stop it!

Oh, a double!

You had that comment- Yeah, that was- Yeah, that was- Where are you gonna ask, Lord Weber?

Fall- I could take this, by the way.

Really?

You've been tortured before?

Of course I've been tortured before.

Who's tortured you before?

I don't want to- Name five names!

Bruce Willis, Jessica Tandy- Of course, she was great at it.

Kathy Bates, this guy Tom- Oh, yeah, he's not famous.

Wait, Tom Cruise?

Yeah.

Oh, okay.

He's rather famous.

Kelly Mcgillis.

Kelly Mcgillis!

From Witness, from Top Gun, I say!

Yeah.

Ow, that one was just extra- Why did you do that?

You gave us the names?

You just don't like to Kelly Mcgillis.

No, I don't.

Yeah.

Uh, a four- Oh, you gave us the names?

You just don't like to- Kelly Mcgillis.

Two grown men torturing a small little orphan- You stabbed us unto death?

Yeah, boy.

That's true.

You're a dangerous creature, and I say creature purposefully.

Because I feel as if there's something about you.

That's not quite natural.

Ah, wait a minute.

Are you saying that he's some sort of supernatural creature?

Yes.

akin to something Gary Marshall would chase in his off hours?

Exactly.

I dare say that Dimented Old Monster Hunter.

So, uh, uh, is that true, forceful?

Are you- Are you not of this earth?

That might not be, you know.

You might not be of this earth.

Why?

Why have you come here to stab human beings?

I'm a time-bobby.

What?

I'm a time-bobby.

I know.

Wait a minute.

I don't know how to tell you this, Scott, but- Are you an IA of time-bobby?

Yeah.

Internal affairs?

Yeah.

A time-traveling-sip-a-go.

Yeah.

What have I done wrong?

Everything.

Oh, yeah.

Oh, no.

It sounds- Look good, Scottrick.

If you're just listening to this for the first time, last time- Goodbye.

For a while on the show.

Goodbye.

Hahaha.

Last time I saw the show, we established that I'm a time-bobby, hopping throughout time.

Take- Scan- Scan- Yes, taking care of wayward time travelers.

Yeah, you screwed up everything.

The buttercream effect.

Yeah.

How did I screw it?

I'm trying to take care of everything.

I don't know how to tell you this, but have you ever seen a baby picture of yourself?

I mean, let me search back using the science of memory.

Certainly.

Search back through the recesses of my- Wait a minute.

No, I have not.

What?

Yes, you mean everyone's seen a baby picture of themselves?

Well, I think my parents never- never took pictures of me when I was young.

Is that possible?

Or maybe they were destroyed for a reason.

What?

What reason could that- What reason?

Tell!

I don't know how to tell you this, but you are beating yourself.

Well, what?

Sculfic!

Wait a minute, bruises are appearing on my body!

Look what you've got here.

Ow!

Sculpt your looping- Your looping- Sculfic!

Ow!

God, I'm in such pain!

How do you take this?

Because I'm strong.

I can't, God.

Because I'm you.

You're me as a child?

Yeah, this- I know it sounds crazy like this took an insane turn.

And it doesn't even seem to add up with all the information that we have previous.

No.

Well, but that all could have been alive.

It's the buttercream effect, man.

You screwed everything up by going back in time.

Why are you trying to kill me to death then, if you- I'm just trying to hang out and be cool and live with you.

You offered me a home.

You said you would be my dad, and then you took that away from me, so I stabbed the fucking shit out of you to prove a point.

No!

The reason I took it away is because you kept threatening to stab everyone.

I- I can't help it.

I'm stabbed.

Actions have consequences.

It is like the buttercream effect.

No.

All the candies you eat in one time.

Or what have- It affects future candies.

Also, you know, actions have consequences as we saw on Downtown Abbey when- Oh, God.

I know.

I- I- I'm just saying that the servants, you know, they get into these scrapes and they, you know, and it affects the people upstairs.

I do it in the midst of a strange science-fictional- supernatural situation.

Sure.

But still, it's Downton.

Downtown Abbey, yes.

I will stop you, please.

I don't know what- I'm now praying for your- It's my favorite show.

It's my favorite show.

It's my favorite show when they are there at- Down- and they're trying to save Downtown.

I go- And all the people live at Downtown.

Ugh.

And they go downtown all day.

Ugh.

I don't- So, why am I not stabby?

Why have I grown up into the way I am?

Are you saying it gets better?

It gets better, Scott.

Oh, okay.

So, Scott, if we are- Allow forval to flourish, to live, perhaps to find love, he'll grow up into a fine young man like you- All I need to do is find a good home, and then I grow up to be an amazing podcast.

Well, what about my home where I- Where I grew up?

And- Which is also my home?

My childhood home.

Wait a minute, but you- But you don't remember- You murdered my parents?

I always wondered how my parents died.

No.

You murdered your parents.

Oh my god, I did.

Wait, dude, remember Scott- Oh my god, I'm remembering it now.

I'm remembering everything!

The cab!

Pat Marita!

The roundhouse kick!

The dislocated his head!

Oh, and then everything after the first day.

Yeah.

Oh my god.

My life.

Becoming a time-bobby in internal affairs.

Trying to catch myself!

Closing the loop as it were.

Stabbing myself!

You looped yourself.

Oh no!

I didn't even get the gold bars!

What is that?

I remember it all.

So many choices I made.

So many- My little brother?

Yeah.

And six-hole!

Oh god.

Oh no, not six-hole!

Quite a family.

What happened to him?

Yeah, that's hundreds of times.

Oh, and hundreds!

And a fry vault.

Oh my god, what is- The words are the bare seed, the black sheep of the family.

And you say hundreds.

Are we talking about alternate dimensions?

Yeah.

What?

But they're all converging here in this dimension.

Yeah.

Wait, so are you me from an alternate dimension?

I see, but now that you're here, I'm remembering your past as if it's my past.

Yeah, because you screwed everything up.

Oh no!

We were both in criss-cross for a period of time as well.

The two of us?

Yeah.

You as a young boy?

We were totally whacked out getting all the ladies.

That is familiar.

I do recall now- I remember that most of all.

You would have criss-crossed.

That was a good three weeks that we were famous.

You made me- Solid three weeks.

Yeah, I mean for 21 days, a good 21 days.

Yeah.

A lot happened.

Yeah, really tight.

Really good stuff.

A lot of jumping.

Yeah, too much jumping, right?

Yeah, my arches.

Right, too much jumping.

A great deal, no.

My god, I can't remember everything in all my family.

And boy, wait a minute.

I remember what happened to the Fry vault here.

What?

What happened?

I remember- Well, I remember.

It was- It's been a while ago.

It's been as- Yeah, it's been how long?

Yeah, it's been as many years as Forval is of age, minus however old I am.

Which I don't even know how old I am anymore.

It seems as if I've been alive forever.

I remember the dinosaurs.

I remember the- The television show?

Yeah, the television show.

Dinosaurs.

So how long have I been alive?

A long time.

It's not how long you've been alive.

The real question is how long haven't you been alive?

Oh my god!

I am.

I'm sorry for asking that other stupid question.

Yeah.

You realize you beat me with a phone book for no reason now, right?

Well, I- Hell no, I don't know.

I did.

Yeah, we have arrived at this information.

Yeah, I'm just not there.

So torto works, we've proven it.

Yeah, it does.

I'm trying to remember what happened to the Fry vault.

I think I'll remember at some point, and then I'll- But I- I say fourfold.

All of these- Trans-dimensional fourfills, fivefills, sixfills, what have you.

So many.

Why are they converging on this dimension?

Because it's time.

Time for- I- I- Scortrick.

There's a luppet by throat as I attempt to ask the question, but I- Yeah, please ask it.

Please ask it.

My dear boy, as I am to afeard.

Ta.

Time for- What?

Fourfold.

The little reckoning.

Oh dear.

The little reckoning.

Yeah.

The little reckoning?

L-I-a-pashvio.

Yeah, little.

Let me get this straight.

Like little camp.

Oh, okay, right.

That makes sense.

Not yet.

Yeah.

So you are the fourfold of this dimension.

Yeah.

No, sorry, you're the- You're the five-all.

No, you're the four-all right.

Yes, I'm sorry.

Five-all.

I'm getting very confused.

There's no five-all in my family.

There's only the famous five-all.

Okay, so that's not a five-all from another dimension.

I'm sure you're not related to it.

I mean, he's a fucking cartoon rat.

Okay, so sorry.

I just assumed there was another alternate- alternate- alternate- It is typical to see.

It's terrible.

There's an alternate dimension where, instead of humans, the world is anthropomorphic rats.

Yeah.

And five-all was- Yeah.

You're doppelganger.

I don't know.

How do you come to know so much about these ultimate denention?

But what I'm trying to get at is that the- the you from all these other dimensions are now being called to this earth, and it's time for the little reckoning?

Yeah, because it's time to set things straight.

What I really came here to do, Scott, was to apologize and to give you your life back, because you're doing so well, and I want you to thrive.

Even though I had a bad childhood, because of all the terribleness and all the stabbings and killings, I realized now that what I've done is bad, so I came here to stop it and to let you go free of all this, and correct all the wrong feelings.

But you've decided to tie me up like a little fucking bitch and hit me with a phone book, so- Can I say that your monologue was very affecting until that last sentence- Oh, yeah, when I- The thing's spinning.

When I started to get real, when I started to curse.

I was welling up with tears, and I was about to grab my tear basin.

Oh, yeah.

No need for it to know.

I felt it was getting a bit dusted here.

What I'm saying is, you deserve the best, because you're a good man, and you're true.

Scothric, your tears, following into your tear basins.

Following into your tear basin.

I'm sorry, guys.

You have a beautiful life, and a beautiful wife, and the only thing I want- Happy wife, happy life.

Yeah, I'm- Yeah.

You created that term, you don't even remember it.

Happy wife- It's a different dimension.

Happy wife!

Happy life!

High five!

It's a thousand of the time.

Sorry, sorry.

I'm willing to come here and take this torture, and maybe even die by your hand slash my own hands.

If I kill you, though, what happens to me?

Oh, I say, Petterdocks.

You'll disappear.

Well, you'll go to a dance, and you'll play a Johnny B. Good song, and then maybe- That sounds fun.

Yeah, it's really fun.

It's all by Johnny B. Good.

Will Marvin Barry be off to the side?

Um, his go, yeah, of course.

Okay, calling his cousin Chuck- Mayor Goldie Wilson might be driving around.

I bet he would.

He thought that- That guy with the 3D glasses, will he be around?

Oh, no, that guy's dead.

Oh, yeah.

What happened to him?

He died.

He died in 1956?

Yeah.

Oh, gosh.

The rest in B's terrible story.

Yeah.

Uh, well- What I'm trying to say is, I'm willing to come here to apologize and give my own life so that you can live on and have a fruitful career.

Okay, great!

Well, let's get that icicle out of the fry vault and let's carve him up.

What do you say?

Wait.

Yo, what's going on here?

Oh, I remember now!

Yo, it's Fry Vault.

Fry Vault, Fry Vault!

Yeah.

I remember he comes in and then we say, Hey, have you seen my Fry Vault?

And then he gets confused and he thinks that- So what you gotta say to me?

Uh-huh.

Fry Vault.

Yeah.

Wait, I'm confused.

Yes, I'm pointing at my Fry Vault.

That's all your confused- I'll talk with you.

I did not know if you were talking to me or if you appointed- I'm pointing at my Fry Vault right now.

I'm saying Fry Vault.

Fry Vault, comma, your brother or your, I guess your interdimensional- Other selves?

Other selves.

Icicle is contained within.

And that is a statement.

Fry Vault, your interdimensional- Leg.

Brother's High School is contained.

I'm going to argue.

Okay, here's a statement.

And- Boy, was everything okay over here?

I don't know.

I don't think it's going okay.

I don't like the- Yo, are you Andrew Lloyd Webber?

Who wants to do?

I do, because I'm asking.

I'm Fry Vault.

Do I miss Stephen Sandheim?

Yes, the great Stephen Sandheim.

Shut the fuck up, Oreo.

Well, certainly.

Hey, I'm so- Yo, I'm not gonna lie.

I'm a huge fan.

Thank you.

It's good to meet a fellow American.

You hear his American accent.

Oh, sorry.

I'm from New York.

New York City.

That's right.

I don't like that barbecue sauce.

Yeah.

So what an honor to meet you.

This is an honor, man.

I was ready to kill people.

Good, good.

I was ready to kill a bunch of people.

If you were Andrew Lloyd Webber, I swear to God, I would have cut your own throat out.

I wouldn't blame you all.

Who likes that fellow?

Does terrible music?

Stephen, tell us about the creation of Sweeney Todd, if you would.

Oh my God, that would be a dream.

That was quite easy, really.

Oh, he's just- That's Andrew Lloyd Webber.

He's lying.

Shh.

What the- What the hell did you say?

Frival.

Andrew Lloyd Webber, he's a lie.

Frival, Frival, Frival.

Please don't listen here for a second.

We're going to have a private conversation.

Oh, so just don't listen for a minute.

Just don't.

Okay.

I'll be over here for a sec.

Okay, sure.

Sondheim, man.

Fucking good to meet you, bro.

Hey, cool.

I fucking great to meet you, son.

I just go off in the corner for a second.

I want to talk to you.

I'm going to sit on top of this.

Frival, don't get confused.

Okay, what?

Okay.

Forval.

Yeah.

Come on, man.

I'm afraid of him too, guys.

You got to get me in our- And we need a code word for anything called wrong.

Good point.

Okay, well, I suggest a code word, possibly Frival, to grab.

Yeah, I think that's part of- I do the best specifically.

Maybe a shorter one.

Well, I was going to go longer.

Okay, I got no- Okay, what do you have in mind?

You took the mission.

I'm in no position.

Interdimensional forval grab.

Yeah.

I guess the way we know- No, it should be- No, don't grab me again.

I'm not doing- No, no, no, you're a regular for- Frival.

This is- You're a- You're a- Because if it's Frival grab, we might grab the Frival- You're right, of course!

So if we say, if we make the code word, interdimensional Frival grab, we'll know exactly what to do.

Yeah, then no one will be confused.

I fear we may forget this code word.

Well- What shall we do to remember it?

I have one idea.

Okay.

Yes, I'm open to suggestions.

Wait, I have two ideas, actually.

Nope, just the one.

All right.

I think that we could make a mnemonic device out of this.

No, I see.

That's a brilliant idea.

That's quite good, yes.

Okay, well, a forful perhaps you have some idea of what the eye could stand for.

Yes, well, Rowan.

Okay, good.

Yeah.

Could you untie me first?

No, no, I get it.

Don't bother.

I- Is it difficult for you to- I'm sorry that I brought all this upon you.

My brother, Frival, who is also your brother in you.

Right.

That's not too hard to remember, but- No, no, no.

I'm sorry.

Wait, are you talking about my Frival?

The interdimensional Fr- I'm a little confused right now.

It's the most- Oh, I thought you were talking about my Frival that- Oh, no.

In which I keep my Fr- Yes.

Just try to keep the term and the proper name Frival to out of the interdimensional- Well, it is a proper name as a term as well, because it's a- It's a- It's a brand name?

Yeah, it's a brand name.

Of course.

It's like Kleenex.

Yeah.

It's the thing that's come to mean any sort of vaulting when people store Fris.

Yes, of course.

Yes.

And some microwaves.

Yes, certainly.

So- I'm sorry for the eye.

I'm sorry that this is about to go down.

Certainly.

Very simple.

I'll take the N.

Nae, it is I, who should be sorry for inviting such a plague upon this studio with my brilliance that you admired in the first place.

N, of course.

I just did N.

Sorry.

What am I thinking of?

T, this is already too hard for me to remember, and we're only three in.

T, try to remember that T is the next part of interdimensional, forval, grab.

Perfect.

E, right, Craig.

I believe so.

I don't know too good, because I never went to school.

Oh, and awful.

I went to school.

Oh, I'm from Hawaii.

I went to school, though.

Please.

Oh, no.

Go ahead.

Oh, wait a minute.

I have a picture of my yearbook here.

It's disappearing.

That's right.

Of course it is.

Oh, no.

I never went to school.

Now I'm not so good.

No wonder I messed up the T for the N.

You gotta go to the enchantment under the sea dance and correct all that at some point.

I hate dances.

All right, go ahead.

E is for erasing all of the badness and getting back some goodness in our lives.

Okay, great.

All rage, rage against this interdimensional menace who is attempting to kill us.

Do I have a hyphen or do I have a D?

D.

Okay, great.

Um, Domo Arigato, Mr. Roboto.

Perfect.

I was going to suggest that.

Perfect.

Great.

All right.

Hi.

I am sorry once again.

For doing this.

Well, end up again.

I never meant to hurt you in your tear base and it's almost full.

I just want a good home for everyone.

Oh my goodness.

I'm so touched.

All right.

Where are we?

M to me.

May I say, I think we should do something about this murderous interdimensional traveler.

Okay, good.

And I believe I have an E.

Is that correct?

Is that how you spell Dime and G?

Yes, it is.

Okay.

Every good boy loves fudge.

And deserves it.

And does it?

Yes, it's.

Every good boy loves any deserves fudge.

Okay, let's amend that.

All right.

Do I have this amendment approved?

Yes.

We need a quorum.

The motion is carried.

Harry.

Fantastic.

All right.

Now we're in.

Yeah.

Never let this happen again.

If you ever go back in time.

Never let it happen again.

I will remember that.

Thank you so much.

Thank you for remembering.

All right.

I believe we're at S.

S.

I'm a snake reminding you that the time is now to prevent yourselves from being stabbed.

Very good.

All right.

I just want to say I'm sorry guys.

I know that Forval you're apologizing.

And I feel like I need to apologize.

Thank you.

That means a lot.

Because I never realize.

You know, I think sometimes we get mad at things that remind us of ourselves and our own humanity.

And I think that's.

I say this seems like rothralotta remember.

Okay.

I'll just all amended too.

I'm sorry.

Yeah.

Is the amendment taken?

I ratify it.

We already have a couple.

I'm sorry.

Easy to remember.

Maybe we should change to it.

Ben.

Oh, okay.

It's been great.

Is that amendment is ratified?

Is that okay?

So noted.

Okay.

What better are we on now?

Oh.

Oh boy.

I'm sorry.

I think we are already on.

Oh boy.

It's been.

We could always use a couple of it's been.

That's certainly fine with that.

And is next I believe?

Yes.

In the letter N.

Very good.

Okay.

Is it interdimensional or interdimension?

I can't remember.

Interdimensional.

Frival'd grab.

Okay.

So sorry.

All right.

Hey.

We got so far to go.

All right.

A is of course A.

Fonzie came back a second time.

Of course.

Not about his hoot.

No.

All right.

L.

L for.

Let's just.

Let's just kill this fucker before he does anything.

He's sitting in the corner.

We could.

He can't.

We need a code word though to do that.

No.

You got it.

Yes.

All right.

So we're at the end of interdimensional.

We're doing that.

Yes.

Getting.

Well that's what he's here for.

He's a time Bobby.

He's here to point out the.

I know.

Incisistencies in the timeline.

We can't hear.

It's all paradoxical but in the end we all had fun.

F.

Finally it is the time to grab this interdimensional scoundrel and ring his neck onto death.

All right.

R.

Really we should grab this scoundrel and we should do it now.

All right.

Why would it be a rival?

Oh that's right.

I'm sorry.

It's the brand name.

Fryable.

Yeah.

I was thinking fries like there was multiple gatekata.

I'm thinking there's a ton in there.

There's I mean there I had a small fries but there's a ton of fries in there.

I mean it's.

It's.

You lied to me.

We'll get back to that.

No I had a small fry meaning that the bag that the fries were carried within was a small bag.

Right.

It's not light.

We're on the same team now so I'm okay with that.

Even if I did light I'm gonna admit I did light.

Yeah I was always honest with you I never lied to you.

I did lie to you but you can't do anything about it because you're.

Lie to yourself Scott.

I did lie to myself and I've been doing that for so many years.

It's a lie easier to live life that way.

The easiest lie to tell is a lie to oneself.

Ah so true.

So true.

Where were we?

Why?

Yo yo yo what's up son?

Maybe they're out.

Okay yeah definitely that.

Catch you.

Yeah.

The victory.

Showerbells.

Once this interdimensional person has been dealt with and we can carry on with our lives the way God intended.

A of course is for A.

Fonzie came back one last time.

He's got he's gonna save the world something.

Well you.

Ursula the sea witch from the will mermaid another reference.

Not to be confused with the enchantment under the sea dance.

No two different things.

Two totally different things.

I'm gonna say Ursula if we had an octopus lady to kill this man we would be in a lot better situation.

We'd definitely be V victorious however we're just three men.

Just three men and a baby.

We should talk about the baby who came in at some point.

Oh well it turns out it was just a cardboard cut out.

Everyone.

Of William Shatt.

Just William Shatt.

See you later baby.

Of course.

Oh Elle.

Elle to me.

La la la la la la.

Let's grab that into dimensional scoundrel.

I wondered when this would turn into music.

Yes it took took its time.

Yeah it really just then.

We probably should have started with the song.

Those are very easy to remember.

Those are.

Oh yeah why did we think the mnemonic device part was.

You can't argue with success.

You should have started with like a Jesus Christ superstar song.

Yeah probably.

I guess we're at the end right we're at tea.

Yes.

All right tea.

Tea of course.

No we still have Graham after that.

Oh no we do.

Okay very much.

So sorry.

Indeed.

Okay so.

There's a little vowel that was a close one.

We would have forgotten this demonic device.

Yeah I never would have gotten it straight.

Tea stands for tendencies.

We all have them in ours as to grab this interdimensional Freivolt.

Gee gosh we've been doing this for a while.

We gotta get an easier way.

Of course of course.

Ah.

Ah, ah.

Rrrrrrr.

Rrr er.

Ding, ding, ding, ding.

Great.

Well, now I'm afraid people are going to think that's a D in that somewhat.

Because of the ding.

Indeed.

And then mine is, of course, A for A. Faunzi came back.

We thought he was gone, but he's actually a little unsatisfied.

He was a one-l interacts time, yes.

He was in here and he decided to come back and save the world one last time.

Which leaves us now.

With B.

Yeah.

Which I think should stand for brotherhood.

Because now we are bonded together as three against one.

I feel like we should do, well said four.

I love that sentiment.

I feel like we should do some sort of blood brotherhood between us.

Yeah.

You know, so why don't I open up the Fry Vault and get one of the knives out.

I have a bunch of knives in my being weird.

Okay, great.

Let me just open it up here and it worked.

The k the kites.

You ain't sound.

I'm sorry.

If I die, what becomes of you?

Scott, only you can correct this.

I have to go back in time now.

Let me get my interdimensional time watch.

Okay I'm back.

I went back through time.

Wait, wait, Fry Vault, go.

He disappeared.

I killed every other version of myself.

Scott, you did it, Scott.

You did it at first.

Everyone but you.

But it worked.

I came here to help you.

Forville, no one's buying your story.

You never could have done this without me.

Your terrible monster and everyone knows it.

Andrew, who had basically killing me over here.

Andrew Lloyd Webber, he got loose of the handcuffs if you would.

There was very tiny plastic handcuffs that were super easy to get out of.

If you would do the honors of webbing him up for me.

It's been a while but I'll give it some.

How long has it been?

It's been since I was a child but I'm sure the older skills will come back to be here and we go.

Please web him up if you would.

No, you know what?

I deserve this and I don't care.

That's enough web man.

I can leave room to breathe.

I just stabbed through the webs.

Lord Webber.

I left his face uncovered.

Okay, I'll just cut up his face.

It's a bit crazy but he can stab through the face.

Well I did want an open coffin for his mother.

My mother.

Oh no, she's there.

That's right, never mind.

It doesn't matter.

Okay, I'll just stab you in the face.

Look guys, in summation I just want to say I know that our friendship has been a toy and a fair and I know that there's some ups and downs.

Mostly downs.

Mostly out of downs.

Much like downtown Abbey.

Oh shit.

He hates that.

I think you do that on purpose sometimes.

I don't think so.

I don't even know what you're talking about.

Yeah.

I just want to say I know that I've been a bad, bad boy for so long.

But I did it for you Scott because I am you.

I'm still going to stab you.

No I get it.

I'm fine with it.

Let me grab the icicle that's been in the Fry Vault for a while and I'll just stab you to death.

I hope it hasn't melted.

Look I understand.

I know.

Here we go.

Here's the icicle.

Say have you made your peace with God?

I have no regrets.

I came and I helped and I'm going to die happy.

And this is probably the last episode of the podcast because I'll be stabbing myself to death.

Yeah.

And I won't exist anymore.

Stamps the reason.

Yes.

Okay.

So here we go.

Here's that icicle and...

What?

It's just water.

It melted in my Fry Vault.

Those are cursed fries.

That's why I never eat them.

They're not helpful.

Well I guess I can't stab you with that icicle.

Yeah you can't.

But we can take you all webbed up and cast you into the Los Angeles River and drown you to death.

But I would deserve it I know.

Yeah.

I mean really if we do that there's no way you could ever come back.

No.

I mean...

I would be at the bottom of the sea.

And your webs don't dissolve after an hour like Spider-men's.

Spider-men.

I don't think so.

I never tested it.

Okay well it takes about an hour to get to the river.

So we'll probably just, you know, in the trunk all webbed up and by the time we get to the river...

Yes I imagine the web will hold just as long as we need it to hold.

Until we get to the river.

Yes certainly.

Or I could turn the tables right now.

No.

What do you mean?

You shunt.

I mean the tables have turned is what I'm trying to say.

Well how you're all webbed up it's impossible.

Nobody beats four of them.

Because I'm from the streets and I'm smarter than everybody.

I don't understand what you mean.

You're webbed up.

You're incapacitated.

And my webbed up.

I say he doesn't seem to be webbed up.

I can't help but it's my stabby way.

I'm turning into scrabs.

Until we meet again.

Come on pony.

I'm slipping into a karma.

And the very end he's, he's lifted a bit of the crying game at that.

He did.

Expert work.

Number one.

Wow.

Oh man.

That's it huh.

They don't make them like that anymore Scott.

They really don't.

Until the next one.

Will there be another time Bobbie?

Who knows?

Who knows if Andrew Lloyd Webber will ever return and if so will Tiny Forval hear his voice and come on back.

Because it seems to attract him every time.

It does yeah.

Yeah.

Well that's it.

That's our countdown.

What an amazing year for comedy bang bang as a fan of the show.

What a delight it has been to laugh out loud listening to this stuff.

Like driving around in my car and laughing out loud.

And I just like a lot of people will write on Twitter or on Facebook.

I was just seeing this podcast and I laughed out loud on the bus or I laughed out loud on the bus.

People looked at me like I was crazy.

I've had that same experience listening to the show.

That was very nice.

It's nothing but a thrill to be a part of the comedy bang bang family.

Well thank you Paul.

You are a great friend of the show.

You only do one episode a year but are good friends.

Alan Thicke and Cake Boss.

Cake Boss.

And Andrew Lloyd Webber and.

Word of a song.

Word of a hearth song.

Oh yeah.

Word of a song of course.

And Mike the janitor.

I mean.

You friend.

Ice tea.

They're all good friends to us.

It's such a pleasure to have them and you on this show and thank you so much for being a big supporter of it this year.

Absolutely.

And a great year for comedy bang bang but I think the best is yet to come.

Out of the tree of life I just picked me a plum.

You came along and everything started.

It's too late.

So real good bet the best is yet to come.

That was not it.

I know it's not the song that we do all the words to or even all of the words to the first lyric.

Nope.

We'll find it though in twenty four five.

I feel like we will.

All right Paul.

That's it.

Thanks so much for being a part of these best of.

Thank you Scott.

See you in twenty fourteen and listeners will see you in twenty fourteen.

I hope you stick around and great.

We'll see you on Monday with an all new episode.

Keep your feet on the ground and keep reaching for the stars.

Keep your hands off my stuff.

All right.

See you next week.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an ear wolf media production executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Okeman.

For more information visit earwolf.com.

Ear wolf radio boom.

The world's dead.

in twenty four.

In twenty four.

in twenty four. in twenty four. in twenty four. in twenty four. in twenty four. in twenty, .

.
