---
layout: page
title: Best of 2009 [226⧸21220].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪ C-D-R ♪ ♪ C-D-R ♪ ♪ C-D-R ♪ ♪ Comedy death day ♪ ♪ C-D-R ♪ Comedy death day ♪ Welcome, my name is Scott Ocherman.

This is our special bonus best of episode.

This is the end of the year.

We didn't have an episode in the two weeks where upon Christmas and New Year's Day fell on the Friday I normally do the show, so we thought we'd do a nice little best of countdown, top 10 style, just like caseum.

Just like Rick Dees, just like Seagrest Inn would do.

We're counting down our top 10 as voted by you, our top 10 best moments of the show.

Basically what happened is people wrote to me on my Twitter at Scott Ocherman, and they voted for what they liked best on the show.

I myself did not get a lot of votes.

I will not be represented on the show, but you will hear me all through it.

I got a couple. I got a few.

I liked how one woman voted for best host, Paul F. Tompkins.

Yes, that was, you know who you are, but we'll be counting down the top 10 best moments.

If you all voted, you have a stake in it.

And why don't, before we have some guests come, why don't we go to our top 10 most requested moment.

This is Andrew Daly, who you may know from Eastbound and down.

This was a show with Zach Alfanakis, who you may know from the hangover, and Andy Samberg from SNL, and this is Andy Daly's character called Life of the Party Incorporated on number 10.

Number 10.

A gentleman came up to me and he said he'd like to talk about his business.

His name is Danny Mahoney, and he has a business called Life of the Party Incorporated.

That's exactly what it's called, Life of the Party Incorporated.

It's a business that I started.

Thank you for having me on the program, by the way.

Let's get the pleasantries out of the way.

Oh, okay. You're not a big fan of pleasantries.

No, I'm saying, great. Let's do them now instead of in the middle of it.

That's wonderful to be here in blah, blah, blah.

Oh, wow, right.

It's a business called Life of the Party Incorporated.

First of all, just a little backstory on myself.

I used to have a plumbing business with my nephew, and he forced me out of it. It was a hostile takeover.

Really?

Yeah, he grew weary of my personality, apparently.

You don't say?

No, it's true.

And I was very, I was despondent for a while there.

I thought about, I put on a heavy coat and I walked into the ocean thinking, this is it.

Thinking the coat will drag me down.

How did you get such a heavy coat?

How did I get ahead? That's what you want to know?

How did I get a heavy coat?

The first question that springs a vibe.

I went to the Nordstroms and I says, where's your heaviest coat?

And it was around the winter time.

Okay.

It was the winter season when they were selling heavy coats.

Yes, it was exactly.

Okay.

That makes sense.

A nice heavy cloth coat.

Is that winter of last year?

This was this past winter.

Okay.

What's going on with you?

I think you don't ask the best questions.

Anyhow, I survive in the middle of the ocean.

I'm thinking, okay, time to go down now and drown.

And because, and I've heard that there's a moment before you die and drowning it is just euphoric.

So I wanted that.

But then I had, then I realized that I came up with this idea for this business and I thought, you know what, I'm going to make lemons.

Hey, you know what I mean?

Out of lemonade.

No.

What?

Whatever it is.

It's like a good thing.

Okay.

And so I fought my way back to the shore and I started Life of the Party Incorporated.

And the way that it works is if you're throwing a party, any kind of a party, it doesn't matter what it is, whether it's a Bosmitzvah or somebody's getting out of jail or even a gay wedding.

You know what I mean?

Sure.

I would work a gay wedding.

I know what you mean.

I know that.

You know what I mean?

They're money works.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

They use $3 bill sometimes.

Scott, thank you.

Better than my questions.

Yeah.

Your questions are shit.

They're terrible questions.

So why don't you joke that one?

Let me ask you this.

Before we get into your business, were you wearing the heavy coat during when you started the business?

Did you continue wearing it or?

Gee, I'm confused.

I bought the coat to kill myself.

And by the way, I told that to the sales girl and she didn't care.

She didn't like a guy.

She says, you know why?

I said, you know why I'm buying this coat?

I'm going to walk into the ocean with it.

I'm going to kill myself.

And she just sits, you know, $129.

Wow.

That was it.

Anyhow, what's your question?

No, I got rid of it on the beach.

It's not important.

It's really not important.

So you shed the coat on the beach.

I just want to give our listeners the backstory.

You shed the coat and started a new life.

Boy, oh boy.

We're taking the long road.

I did.

I took off the coat.

Okay.

I just left it there in the sand.

I'll bet you're homeless guys wearing it right now.

It's a $129 coat, a wet coat.

Yeah.

Sure.

Wet full of sand.

And you leave it on the beach.

Yeah, big, yeah.

Yeah.

Because I really only bought it to kill myself.

Okay.

It didn't look good on you or?

Oh, no, it did look good.

Yeah.

Well, I wanted to look good.

Sure.

You know what I mean?

You want to leave a good looking corpse.

Absolutely.

I didn't want them to drag me out of the ocean and go, what a bum.

You know what I mean?

Yeah, I know exactly what you mean.

Okay.

So now you started this business and explained.

You don't want to know how I got back home from the beach.

I don't want to know.

Okay.

Yeah, let's hear that.

I had driven to the beach and I just got back in the car.

And of course the car got soaked and wet and I knew I got to take this.

I got to get this cleaned.

Soaking wet because it was raining or?

Because I was wet.

Oh, right.

Oh, the way I got it.

I get it now.

All right.

I have no further questions, your honor.

Great.

The point of the matter is that I, you are throwing a party.

You hire me and I will come to your party and I will make it fantastic by being the life of the party.

That's how it works.

Okay.

And I'll make any party fun and we'll have a good damn time.

Okay.

So say I'm throwing a birthday party for my nephew.

Sure.

Okay.

So I hire you.

How do I hire you?

I go on to your website.

I call my 1-800.

Come on now.

Yeah.

And what do you do?

That's what I can't figure out.

Are you an entertainer of some sort or a clown?

Well, first of all, that's an insult and not a clown.

Okay.

But I am an entertainer.

Absolutely.

I'll entertain.

As a matter of fact, I'll demonstrate right now.

Okay.

Should we get into character and pretend we're having a party or what do we do?

Sure.

That's a great idea.

Okay.

So the three of us are having a party.

Who wants to be my nephew?

I'll be.

Okay.

Zack is my nephew.

How old are you, son?

I'm playing along.

Okay.

Good.

Are you, you've arrived already then?

Oh, no.

Okay.

Let's say I haven't.

Andy, who are you going to be?

I'll just be like a creepy uncle.

Okay.

Great.

Okay.

Wait, no, I'm his uncle.

So are you another creepy?

So you're my brother.

No, I'll be his dad.

Okay.

So wait.

So you are my brother.

I'm your brother.

Okay.

I'm an uncle.

Zack.

You're kind of estranged.

Okay.

But I'm.

Why am I along with him?

Why am I throwing the party?

Why can't you throw your own son a party?

Do I?

Yeah.

Maybe I tried to kill myself.

Maybe I tried to walk into the ocean.

You picked up that coat.

I'm going to try to get him to the ocean.

Hi everybody, I'm Hugh Houser.

Welcome, Hugh. It's so nice of you to drop by for our best of episode.

Well, sure, it's nice for me to be down here just to vist with you both.

Now, this is the best of what?

The best of my program, which is a comedy death ray radio originally heard on nitty one oh three one dot com and now in podcast forums.

So, so, so you have a show that was originally heard on a radio and now it's just heard nowhere on a been a pod.

People hear it on through iTunes and other carriers.

We should mention Hugh that you are here and they like it and then they say that it's best.

That this is the best thing they've ever heard.

Let me explain what's going on here.

Hugh Houser hosts a television program on PBS entitled California's Gold, where he goes around California looking at things and he's very confused by things that come around and he has trouble grasping concepts.

I think that's pejorative.

I think he's very excited.

Hugh, I'm a big fan of your show.

You guys have never met before.

Oh, thanks. Hi.

Seething path.

Keep until I delete.

Now, I want to talk to you.

Your name is Iced Tea.

Is that right?

That's right.

They call me Iced Tea.

Now, now, now, what is that?

Does that mean that you're brewed in the sun and you'd have a little bit of caffeine, but not too much?

Oh, man, I can see how you would think that, but no, I'm a person and I...

Have you ever met Arnold Palmer?

No, I have it.

He was a person who was also a drink as well.

It's true.

I wish that I could get together with a person called Lemonade.

Have you ever met Dr. Pepper?

Is that a real guy?

That is a real guy.

If I ever say Dr. Pepper again, it's going to be ugly.

I mean, I think...

You met him once before, are you?

I met Dr. Pepper before, sure.

And what happened?

Did he go down your throat?

Well...

And fill your stomach up with his liquidy goodness?

Well, I met Dr. Pepper and he was fixing up seven up and got shot by Coca-Cola.

Okay.

That's a little Kip-a-dotta playlet.

Hold on a minute.

That happened right there.

Did this really happen?

We'll talk about it during the next break.

Why don't we...

There are things that could happen, but also not happen at the same time.

Yes, you will.

I'm not that during our next clip.

The preceding one was from Show 14.

This is from Show 16.

This is our...

Whoa, whoa, whoa.

Let me get a pen.

It's a lot of numbers.

I'm sorry.

So this is 14 shows, but this is number 16.

I should stop saying that Show it's on, but you can look them up yourself.

This is from the episode that had Andy Dick and Bob Odenkirk on it.

Every once in a while we play a game called Would You Rather, and this is number nine on our countdown.

This is their Would You Rather on Comedy Deathray.

Number nine.

Would you rather spend the rest of your life watching Larry King cover Michael Jackson's death or die right now?

I'm open for questions.

Well, when, when, while he's covering, while he's covering Michael Jackson's death, are there always, for the rest of my life, are there always going to be new revelations?

Yeah, revelations.

That is a great question.

Yeah.

That is great.

Yes.

We should stress that every day there will be something that comes out.

Something new.

You're drug he's taken.

All right.

Now I have a question.

Are you watching Larry King for the rest of your life every night once when he's on?

No, no, no.

There is nothing you can do all day long.

Does the show repeat itself or does Larry do a 20?

This is a great clarifying.

Yes.

When you're awake.

Larry, for the rest of your life, stays alive and does not age.

No, let me let me let me let me amend that.

He does age.

So for the rest of your life, he ages, but he stays alive.

So he could get into his hundred and twenties.

Okay.

Fine.

And he does 24 hour long shows.

He never goes to sleep.

I'm going to sleep part of the day.

Okay.

We should talk about that.

He can see through the TV and he sees when you're asleep and he uses that opportunity to talk louder.

No, to take a nap so he can get his sleep.

So he he looks he looks through the TV.

So he says, oh boy, Bob's asleep.

So then he gets a good level set.

But there's revelations every day.

Every single day.

You can watch him grow older and you can't turn it off.

No, but you can.

If I other choices, I die.

Yeah, you have to die right now.

Can I talk to my kids?

You can say you can talk to your kids for 30 seconds before you die, but you can't tell them only 30 seconds every day.

No, no, no, no, you you will die.

You will talk to them for 30 seconds.

You cannot mention that you're about to die.

You can't you cannot say that you love them.

What?

You can talk to them.

You're making the choice.

Makes sense.

And if you just die right now, how do you die?

Yeah, how great question this is how we play.

Okay, I apologize for messing it up.

Okay, this is game called great question.

This is how we play.

I can't remember the name of it.

But how do you die?

How do you die?

The way you die is you die in your sleep.

By.

Well, that means you said you die right now.

So I have to fall asleep right now.

I sleep.

We should talk about that.

We're not sleeping.

In that 30 seconds you have to talk to your children.

You are also falling asleep.

Which seems rude to your children because you're falling asleep at the end.

Well, what's even rude is you never wake up.

So they will they will.

Is there anything rude than people dying?

I and you drive by a cemetery and it's just.

You get a bunch of fucking assholes in there.

A bunch of rude bastards.

Fuck them.

How dare they.

How fucking dare they.

Okay, so we're going to have to vote here.

Andy Dick.

I'm going to go.

I'm going to go for the Larry King.

The Larry King.

What and why is that?

Well, because I like to live.

I mean, even if I have to watch him.

Choose life.

George Michael.

See if it's Larry King and life.

I choose life.

Okay, Chelsea, I'll just die.

Why is that?

I just don't have the patience for like long term jokes like that.

I agree.

I'm going to die.

And you don't have any kids.

What a fridge.

What would you say to your kids, Bob?

Well, I don't.

I'm saying anything.

I'm your kid.

No, I'm your kid.

Daddy, are you so sleepy?

Everybody has to sleep.

And you're going to get tired.

I'm not tired.

I just woke up and I drank coffee.

I drank some of mommy's coffee.

You're using it to 30 seconds.

But why are you so sleepy and weird?

I'm tired, right?

Okay, but you said you were going to take me to the lawn.

I'm taking a chance.

I just want you to know that everyone dies.

Wait.

Why are you talking about that, Daddy?

Five seconds.

And that.

And for best.

Daddy.

Daddy wake up, Daddy.

Wake up.

Number nine.

Number nine on our countdown.

That's Andy Dick and Bob Odenkirk.

This is comedy death ray.

We're counting down the top 10 suggested by you.

And I'm here with I see suggested by you.

Perhaps you voted.

You said you and I'm standing right here.

I guess I should explain.

I'm standing right here in a big old pile of horse manure.

Why is that, by the way?

Well, I came here to find out where horse manure comes from.

And it turns out it's right here.

To find out the origins of horse manure.

And it was obviously the person who knew the answer because it's all right here.

It is.

I'm standing in it right now.

Oh, you know what?

I assumed you brought that.

I apologize.

No, it all comes from me.

I made an ass out of you and me.

It all comes from Indy 103.2, which is right upstairs.

Oh, man.

That plays the math.

Yeah.

It leaks through the ceiling.

We'll get that fixed pretty soon here.

Come the new year.

Yeah.

I always hope I hear it.

You mean there is a new year that's coming?

Every 12 months, it's the number system we usually count upwards.

And next year will be 2010.

That's 2010 years since our Lord Jesus Christ was born.

Well, hold on.

That's a long time.

If it's 2,000 years since he's going to be alive when he comes back?

That is a bone of contention amongst a lot of different religions is whether when Jesus comes back, he is alive or zombie Jesus.

I think a lot of people would be disappointed if he came back and just fell through the atmosphere.

It turned out to be just a dead lump.

I call.

He would probably explode upon impact too, coming down from heaven.

Boy, oh boy, but I sure would want to get a camera on it because that would be an amazing part of celestial gold.

I feel like if he came back and just like a dead body, that would be counterproductive.

Really?

Where do you think he would land in California?

Well, if I was Jesus and I was coming back, I would probably head straight towards Sacramento, California, right on the Capitol steps, really, or Miramar, California, or Sylmar, California, or the beautiful Ontario airport in Ontario, California.

Where else?

In the Hearst Castle, right next to the Slithers swimming pond they have down there.

Where else?

San Luis Obispo, California.

Where else?

Oh, just you?

I did not care to know.

Stocked in yards outside of Stockton, California.

All right, I'm good.

Okay.

I retired earlier.

Too waterily satisfied.

And it may be I try to bring Jesus back to life by giving him a good ride on the old-fashioned San Francisco trolley.

That is a great plan.

All right, well, let's count him down.

Let's continue our countdown with number eight.

This is when Matt Pesser dropped by the studio and he did his world-famous Bjork impression.

Let's hear it number eight on comedy death rate.

Number eight.

Bjork is here.

How are you Bjork?

It is very good of me to be here.

Yes, it is.

It is very good of you to be here.

Now you are a Grammy winner.

You're an avant-garde singer.

Shut up.

Excuse me?

I said shut the fuck up.

I told you not to mention that I'm a singer.

I'm here to promote.

Don't run the dark.

Will I act it in it?

Okay.

Don't talk about me being a singer.

There are more polite ways to bring up that you didn't want me to do that.

I will talk to your producer before they show and you are instructed.

You're instructed not to talk about me being a singer.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I am actress and dancer in the talk.

That's what I want to talk about.

I do believe that it is important to give the listener context as to who you are.

I didn't know you were going to be so stringent with that.

I am a human.

What else do you need to know?

I am an actress.

Is it okay to say your name Bjork or is that too much information about it?

No, that is fine.

Would you call?

Would you say that to Meryl Streep?

Do you say that to her?

Would I ask her if she was a singer?

Yes.

Would you ask her if she was a singer?

Yes.

Would you not bring that up?

I don't think I would.

No.

Because I don't think her being a singer qualifies as being a singer.

I mean, it does for Pierce Brosnan.

She sang in it.

Did she not?

She did.

True.

Respect.

Okay.

I mean, you did.

I will cut your fucking head off.

And I will get him command and ice.

Ice, ice, troll to piss, icicle, stonio.

You're fucking nickel.

Oh my god.

This is not the interview I thought it would be.

Steve, do you have anything to add on this?

How would you describe what you're wearing?

That's very interesting.

Can we talk about that Bjork?

It is a bull's head.

That it's empty out the brain.

And I put my body through the mouth and my arms through the eye sockets.

It looks very uncomfortable.

It is not.

Bjork, you look uncomfortable in your clothes.

You fat piece of shit.

Listen.

Why don't you wear something that you bought as an adult?

We should point out Steve is wearing an invincible Iron Man t-shirt.

That Iron Man is the only ironing your clothes ever seen.

Ooh, snap.

Let's get back on topic.

Bjork, what was it like working with Lars von Tereer?

He's the director of Dancing in the Dark.

I don't know.

You don't know.

I don't know.

What do you mean?

I don't know what you mean.

I can't answer in the dark was a few years back.

Yes, it was.

2000.

So almost a decade and you haven't acted since.

What is the problem?

To Taylor Swift.

She gets acting roles.

She's in television on the top.

Do you mean the singer Taylor Swift?

Yes, I don't mean the singer.

So why are you comparing yourself to Taylor Swift?

Because she just got cast in another big moon.

But she's a singer.

Why would you compare her?

Don't say that word.

If I ever see Taylor Swift in an airport, I'll cut her.

And I will have an ice elf shit.

High sickles.

I'll get to her arms, sockets.

Of Vanessa Carlton is a fat whore.

Bjork, we're going to have to wrap this up.

Down to the dark on blue.

I'll just take it.

At least she's a professional.

She knows how to plug her thing.

Number eight.

Matt Besser on comedy death ray.

I'm here with iced tea.

I'm here with you will house her.

What do you guys think of that?

I thought it was hilarious.

He sounded like he sounded like Bjork to me.

He said that is the desired effect.

Yes.

You were laughing.

You were laughing while that was old.

Yeah, I was listening to it and laughing.

But I was listening on the earphones and I couldn't hear you laughing over what was happening.

No, no, the audience could not because we fade down the volume while we listen to these clips.

No, that's not true because how could I still hear the clip when it was playing if the volume was down?

I wasn't talking in the headphones.

In the microphone so you couldn't hear me in your headphones.

You mean the microphone gets some sounds but not other sounds?

We are going to explain all of this to Hughal.

That is amazing folks.

It turns out there are two microphones.

For each person and your same voice can be split off into real and fantasy land.

I'm tripping out on this now.

He's got me thinking about it.

Am I alive?

Am I a person?

Who am I?

Sometimes I feel like a disembodied voice.

That's true.

No one has ever seen you in person.

They've just, they've heard you on the show and they've seen you on the TV show.

But no one, no one, I dare anyone to provide photographic evidence that you exist.

Hold on a second.

You'll do parsley.

Scott, Scott, you're making me out to be some kind of Loch Ness monster or a Bigfoot or something.

I'm real.

I might see you.

I'm mad.

I exist.

Somebody please tell me I'm real.

Tell me I'm alive.

You don't need to tell you.

You can just head down to the house of pies and they'll order you and fill you back up when you've been drunk.

That helps a little bit, but I'm still having some existential crisis problems.

Well then I've had the norms in Whittier, California and get a good iced tea.

Wait, can I go to the West Hollywood norms?

I've got to go all the way up to Whittier?

Well sure, you can go to the West Hollywood.

If you're there, you might as well.

They've got a cat or some Fairfax.

Oh, that's true.

In beautiful Fairfax District, California.

Do you know what I like about can if they have that sandwich and a half policy?

It's written on the menu.

It's a little rhyme helps you remember one sandwich, not enough to too many have a sandwich and a half and you won't leave any.

Hmm.

Yeah, it does rhyme.

It's a perfect amount of food.

Have you ever did that inspire you to start rapping?

Can you keep a secret?

Yes, I can.

That's exactly what it's by.

I knew it.

I can see it in your eyes.

It was the sandwich and a half rhyme on the campus menu.

Have you ever made that sound?

That makes sense because if I had a sandwich and a half, I'm going to wrap it up too.

Alright, let's go to track number seven as we're counting it down.

This is when John Daly dropped by and did his world famous Bill Cosby fart machine on comedy death rate.

Number seven.

Dr. Bill Cosby has invented a new Dr. Cosby's fart machine.

Yes, it's called the Dr. Cosby's fart machine.

Bill Cosby's remote control fart machine with shape like Macface and it's cool looking.

Thank you.

Yes, it's a remarkable like this.

It is not just you think Bill Cosby is cool looking.

Yeah, because it looks exactly like him.

Yeah, I'm not cool necessarily, but yeah, sure.

You are.

You're very cool, Dr. Cosby.

First of all, look at those sunglasses.

Yeah, the fart machine was going to play it cool.

The fart machine was all manufactured after you got the Las Vegas surgery, so it has the sunglasses on.

It was.

This is on the actual sunglasses or buttons.

Oh, they are.

Look at that.

There's three different farts.

It's a little fart.

And then butt blast and then the Cosby.

Alright.

Let me set the scene.

Alright.

So, you're in your living room.

Your family's just, it's a Saturday and your family's hanging out.

Claire is a lawyer, so she's in the corner.

She's shuffling her lawyer papers.

She's writing stuff down and making it happen for herself because she's an independent woman.

Now, Denise is on the couch and she's a sexy daughter.

She's a sexy, sexy hot mama.

She's a sexy daughter.

A little inappropriate.

She's on the couch.

Well, thank you.

But it's just true.

I can't even deal without sexy.

My daughter, Denise is now Theo is on the couch with his degenerate friend, Cockroach.

And they are planning and scheming.

They found a live bullet in the street and got to put it in the microwave and see what happens.

Now, Rudy is behind the couch.

She's singing James Brown into the barber doll of the microphone.

Vanessa's staring out the window trying to figure out what defines her.

Now, now, you got one up on all these people in your living room.

Okay?

Because you got the farm machine.

Now, you're going to play a funny joke on these people.

This is going to be hilarious.

So, what do you do?

You get the farm machine.

You take the machine.

You walk over to, let's leave the office.

You walk over to Theo.

Now, you walk over to Theo.

You want everyone.

You want to make a big fart noise.

You put the farm machine under his chair.

You walk about 12 feet away and then you press the button.

Did somebody sit on a duck?

You see, you got to have an excuse for after you put the fox.

Nobody thinks that you did the butt blast.

A book of all those things you could say.

No, no, you take the farm machine maybe and you come over and you put it under the net.

So, if a net is shared and then you walk about 12 feet away and then you press the button.

Or did an elephant run under the couch.

And then you take the machine and then you put it under, you know, Claire's chair.

And then you walk about 12 feet away and then you press the button.

Or did this echoless be stopped by for a visit?

And then you take it and then you put it under someone else's chair and then you walk about 12 feet away and then you press the button.

The doggy to bowl spinach.

Oh, doggy.

Congrats.

They seem to be getting a little less, I don't make sense as much.

I think they made more sense, Todd.

You made more sense?

Dr. Cosby, can I ask one question?

Of course you can, Mr. Duncan.

And maybe I'm sure you're probably getting to this already.

Of course.

Is 12 feet the minimum or the maximum distance?

No, that is the distance.

Oh, it's the only.

It might be exactly 12 feet.

You don't walk 12 feet away.

So if you don't walk 12 feet away.

The minimum and the maximum.

Yes, because if you walk too far, people will be like, oh, there's a prankster.

And if you walk too close, then people will be like, he made the brown air.

You don't want to, you don't want to be blamed.

No, of course not.

But also the machine does not work at any other distances.

No, no, you must be that far away.

The remote control is very specific.

Oh, I see.

Yes.

So do you have any more examples?

Oh, yeah.

Well, let's just say you wanted to make it seem like somebody else far to the living room.

Like I was talking about before, you might go put it under someone's chair.

And then I don't know, you need to walk 12 feet away.

And then you press the button.

Somebody just step on the kitten's head.

Oh, I don't know.

I came up with these fever dream.

Are you feeling better now?

I'm feeling better now.

The Lasik surgery brought it on.

Dr. Cosby, can I ask you one question before I hang up the phone?

Oh, okay.

Listen, you probably get this question on a tiny little bit.

I got so many questions.

I'm sorry this question is not off.

No, no, you're weird.

Okay, weird.

Listen, if I were to take your hand, will we fly?

If you were to take my what?

If I were to take your hand, will we fly through the sky together?

Will we fly through the sky together?

Now, let me, if you took my hand, would we fly through the sky?

That is a great question.

This is a good question.

And the answer is yes.

Yes, take my hand.

We will fly.

John, get down to the studio.

Hang up, hang up, get down here as soon as you can.

Okay.

Oh, wait.

Hello.

Oh, I'm going to hold.

Oh, you got a breath.

You got here really quick.

Yeah, I live upstairs.

Oh.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

No, I got an apartment here.

You know, just like I like to be in this area of town.

Because it's kind of Chipotle that I really like.

And you live upstairs at Indy 103.2.

Yeah.

Just one for above.

Two floors above Indy 103.

You look great.

Thank you.

You love me.

I mean, my hair is a fright.

I did not have time to tease it out properly.

You guys are going to grab hands and then you're going to fly away.

I'm a little nervous.

Let's do it.

Here we go.

Bye bye.

We're going to go.

Number seven.

That is John Daley from episode something.

I don't want to confuse people, but that is number seven on the countdown.

Lucky seven.

Mm.

Lucky number seven.

Do you mean that that number seven is a lucky number?

Some people believe it is.

Like I think in the Chinese culture, number eight is lucky.

Why is that?

The different cultures.

Now I'm almost like Hule here because I have some questions.

What would be so different about this culture?

I think it's just people are spread out over the world and stuff gets lost in translation.

I think that's a lot like when the Tower of Babel collapsed and everyone just split off and have their different languages.

I wouldn't doubt it's got.

I wouldn't doubt that that's probably- Now hold on.

I'm writing all this down.

Hold on a second.

Hule's got something to say.

I'm just writing all this down.

I'm trying to figure out there's people's Chinese with a Tower of Babel and when it falls down, they learn how to have a different number that's- Wait, everyone?

Because they like things that are lucky?

Let me explain this for you because this is all from the Bible.

When the Tower of Babel fell down, everyone spoke English before that.

But when the Tower of Babel fell down, then everyone split off into these different factions and all of a sudden you have Qingchong, and you have everything else.

And then only the American people spoke English after that.

And now we're trying to make sure that everyone out there speaks it across the world and make it the universal language.

I'm good that Tower of Babel got rid of those Qingchong, Qingchongs.

I see anything to add on that.

No, that's a pretty accurate description of what happened.

All right, well- I'm not going to elaborate on that.

I mean, it's a thumbnail sketch to be sure, but- But why guild the lily?

Exactly.

You read my mind.

Well, why would you guild the lily?

That's an expression, Hule.

What's that?

You sure don't know a lot of things.

Hule.

We are tired.

But you're tired.

Which is fascinating.

Hey, man, let me look at this piece of paper you're writing on.

This looks like scribble, scrabble.

Do you know words?

Well, now I'm just- I'm writing little pictures for myself to try to remember.

They don't even look like pictures.

It's just like scribbling a- This is nuts.

It looks like one of the notebooks from Seven.

I'm getting creeped out.

I know.

Well, there are 14 triangles, 14 concentric circles.

There's seven.

And on top seven.

On top seven.

This is how I- Okay, okay.

Calm down.

Take it easy.

Calm down.

Take it easy.

Everything's good.

I'm just taking some notes on a piece of paper.

Why don't you have some of these orange slices?

Okay.

Good.

That's calming it down.

These are from an orange.

It's a piece of orange.

It's a color and a bunch of fruit with a knife.

It's a- No, man.

I just cut up a goddamn orange right in front of you.

What happened to the outside of the orange?

I threw it in the trash.

It's an orange peel.

I thought orange is- You work in my nerves.

What's wrong with you?

I thought you could drink orange juice, but you couldn't- You think you can't do- Nobody ever- Hold on a second.

Nobody ever think you can't drink orange juice anymore.

So you can drink orange juice, but you can also eat an orange.

Oh, man.

That is fascinating.

That more than one orange in the world.

I guess iced tea knows about more drinks than just iced tea.

Another amazing part of California's goal.

Alright, let's go to number six on the countdown.

This is Andy Richter and Sarah Silverman during a wood you rather that we played.

And this is number six on Comedy Death Ray.

Number six.

Alright, it's time for a wood you rather.

♪♪ Would you rather be a dog in a loving home?

Mmm.

Or a white-tailed deer who owns his own towing company and is doing pretty okay for himself.

And- Just the right- I've opened the floor.

Does the white-tailed deer do the actual towing or is he just in a supervisory dispatching role?

He is in a supervisory dispatching role, but he is considered to be kind of an annoying boss by his employees.

Okay.

Alright.

Does the deer have the power of speech?

Oh, of course.

No, yeah.

You would have to.

I mean, come on in.

Yeah, if you're not dispatching or- I'm going to have to dock you some points for that.

That is an obvious question.

Oh, no, I don't know.

I don't know.

I could- Hey, listen.

I have to ask obvious questions.

You could have a deer with mind control.

That would- That would- That would somehow- Can I get those points back?

Fucker?

You're- Your points are back too.

Yeah.

Okay.

Alright.

Question, Sarah, do you have- I just like- It's so obvious to me.

I had so much- Really?

You had a strong feeling.

Don't- Don't vote yet.

That is- That would be another would you rather blunder that you don't want to make?

I said no.

Brainer.

Okay.

So it's obvious- So Andy, if you have any other questions, I'm about to shut- shut the floor down.

Oh, okay.

Wait, I guess I have a question.

Sarah, coming back in- So of course you can't.

Like, the- If you're a deer, you sleep outside.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

No, you have to sleep outside.

You are not allowed indoors.

That's part of the problem with your- Yeah, it's pouring rain.

You- But- But you have a construction company?

Yeah, yeah.

You're never- A towing company.

No.

A towing company.

Cause you're a deer and that's how deer's roll.

And you're never allowed inside.

That's a thing.

Like, there's a no deer's allowed- Well, how do you dispatch if you're not allowed inside?

You basically, they've constructed a three-wall house around you with some furniture.

And a two-way- And a two-way- Yeah, the lean- Yeah, the lean- But no- But no- But no- But no- But no- No- No- No- No- No- No- No, no- No, no- You can push the button with your hoof and think into it to dispatch the towers.

Thanks.

You can have a headset.

Wait, no, why would you have- I know, I'm not supposed to be the one asking questions, but why would you have to push the button if you're going to just dispatch things with your mind?

Because a deer can't throw its mind control over long distances.

You have to be in its presence- That's the result.

Into the machine?

Or it has to go into a machine coming through.

There's a low tone that actually on the radio.

Then you hear the deers, you know, the message that the deer wants, you know, like- Well, now you're- Working down as you, the third and maple.

Now you're instructing me.

That's what I like about this game, is sometimes, you know?

Well, it's like Sarah said, it's obvious.

Okay.

All right, we're going to shut it down.

We're going to shut it down and I'm- I'm going to go to Andy Richter first to vote.

Andy, how vote ye?

The deer with the towing company.

Absolutely.

Well, first of all, small business is the cornerstone of this country.

Right.

Small business ownership.

Sure.

So anything that promotes that?

Absolutely.

We need to get tax breaks to these deers out there with their towing company.

And, you know, you could, with a bit of entrepreneurialism, a deer would have access to as much salt licking as it would possibly ever want.

Sure.

We wouldn't be relying on anyone else, whereas a dog in a home is a slave.

I mean, there's waiting for handouts.

And number one, I don't like people watching me shit.

And a deer can go shit wherever it wants.

Number six.

That's a good one.

That was hilarious.

Thank you, I see.

You're welcome.

You'll how do you feel about that one?

What?

Well, what?

Feel about what?

How do I feel about what was just down?

Yes.

That was number six on our countdown.

Number five coming up here.

Let's see.

What information should.

Wait, what is this?

Oh, ha ha ha ha ha ha.

Wait who?

Who just?

Who's this fellow coming in here?

Oh, hello, hello, hello, it's me, Bobby B.

What, Bobby Bruisha?

Yeah, Robert Bruisha, K.A. Bobby bottle service.

Bottle service.

Oh, I see.

How do you do it?

No disrespect, but I respect you very much, both from your rapping and your acting and your marryingness.

What's up players?

Good to see you, man.

Good to see you as well.

I haven't seen you in a while.

I think I saw you at that Escalade convention.

That was me.

Now, hold on.

You were at an Escalade convention.

Yes.

Now, what is that all about?

Is a convention that celebrates the concept of the Cadillac Escalade, for what it does, as far as lifestyle, and for holding, as well as tires and leather.

Hey, Bobby, I've always meant to ask you this, but have you ever been on a law and order episode?

I mean, I know you dabble in acting and you're a New York fellow.

It seems like every New York actor is going to be on a law.

You know, obviously, it's like I like to tell stories, and, but as far as me as a presence on the show, law and order, there was one time when they were filming down on the low reside, and I was down there buying butterfly knives.

And it's just so happened that I appeared myself to be in frame for very much time.

And I also shouted many obscenities in Risco Hargate.

I've been trying for years to get Bobby on SVU, and I remember one day I stormed into Dick Wolf's office, and I said, you've got to have this guy on the show.

It's fantastic.

He's going to add a whole other dimension.

And then Dick, it's weird.

Like he didn't address what I was saying, but he reminded me of my good fortune in life.

And he said, you're lucky you're on the show.

Yo, that is so sweet to remind you of something.

Yeah.

And I was like, thank you, Dick.

You know, we can take a look at other discussion for another time, but thank you for reminding me that I am blessed.

Yeah.

And it's like no, but no offense to God, but like God willing, like we're all very blessed.

And like I just want to quickly say, you know, as far as the opportunity.

Oh my God, you're crying.

You okay, man?

Now, why would he be doing that?

Did did something that he heard it?

Did you fall down and hit your knee?

I think I think he's full of emotion.

It's just that I'm very full.

But he didn't physically get hurt at all.

He got feelings.

No, I'm I'm I'm over brimming with emotion to be in the room with my favorite, my favorite musician of all time.

He'll house her.

Oh.

As well as my favorite actor of all time.

You know, I see.

Thank you.

As well as my favorite.

As you say, Rocking to radios.

You know, Scott all come in.

Oh, thank you very much for including me.

And you know, obviously, like as much as we can, just like, you know, look up to God and say, you know, God bless you, God.

So you say look up to God and then say, God bless you, God.

And then you know, God is normally up above us in heaven, which is traditionally where people say that heaven is past the clouds and up beyond the atmosphere.

I think heaven is in between two little killers legs.

What?

I'm just kidding.

But it makes me laugh.

Is that where dead googues go to?

All right.

Well, let's go to number five on our countdown.

Bobby B, you mentioned you want to introduce this.

This is a friend of yours.

Yes, this is a very important friendship that I have in my heart.

And so it's a true Pacabra who's a Latin radio personality and some guy from Mad Money.

It's no, it's not Dick Kramer from Mad Money.

It's actually Dick.

Is that his name?

Dick Kramer?

What's his name?

You're thinking Jim Kramer.

Oh Jim Kramer.

Yeah, a lot of people match them up together.

Yeah.

This is John Hamm from Mad Men.

He dropped by the studio and a Chupacabra, who is a Spanish radio host.

They decide to do a commercial together.

And this is number five on our countdown on Comedy Deathray.

Number five.

So Chupacabra, what brings you by the station?

Well, for me, something very interesting to come and see how the white people do radio.

Learning anything?

Yes, I have learned you do white piece on radio.

You end up on the internet.

Try the true.

Yes.

What is your show like that you do on Indy 103 one now?

Well, it's a good show.

You can't be calling in all the time.

Like I will take a call right now if I can.

Oh, sure.

Can we take a call?

Let's go to the first call.

You're on the air.

Oh, I like your show you, baby.

All right, we got a baby on the phone.

Give us a baby.

Don't be a star, me cafes.

They're so funny, baby.

All right, he's asking where are his baby sunglasses?

Where are his baby sunglasses?

All right, it's got the first call is correctly.

And if I were the baby sunglasses, I will get the grand prize of an old pair of pyjamas.

Are they baby pyjamas?

They can be baby pyjamas or regular side pyjamas if we could quickly.

If John Ham will do it with me a quick advertisement for pyjamas.

Okay, go ahead.

Do the advertisement.

I am tired, but I want to wear clothing too bad, but I'm not allowed to.

That's why I wear pyjamas.

Do you want to wear a nycher, but you don't want to look like a lady?

Pyjamas.

La ropa mas como.

Do me.

I see pyjamas.

And that was the advertisement for pyjamas.

That was great.

You got to start to do it.

We got 17.

That's right.

We come pyjamas.

It's sponsored by your home.

Number five.

Chupacabra on the countdown.

Thanks to Bobby bottle service for coming in and joining in.

I'm here with Ice-T.

He's a good guy.

How well do you know him from where from?

Oh, just from just from around in New York, you know, I would see him at the clubs.

I would go to me and Coco and hit the club.

Sometimes I hit the club solo, you know, I would love to hear the story of how you met Coco.

We've never talked about that.

We met on a carnival cruise.

Ice-T and Coco, another beautiful parrot.

Right.

It's hot and cold, you know, it's like we represent two different kinds of drinks.

But you know, when you put them together, it's still blazing hot.

Am I right?

Yeah, I think that the yeah, probably the heat.

Metaphorably stronger.

It's actually kind of tethered when you because you know what we we we served that at our wedding Coco and Ice team mixed together.

People did not like it.

The wedding or the drink?

I think because they disliked the drink so much, it affected how they felt about the wedding.

Really?

Yeah.

That's all anybody could talk about.

We got notes like people.

Yeah, a lot of people are afraid to give notes at a wedding.

I think it's it's only customary.

Well, after the wedding.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

People like people passing us up notes during the wedding reception and then later at home, people sent us a letter saying that was a disgusting drink combination.

Why did you do that?

Why did you assist everybody at least take a sip and stop being just a thing?

And why is that the only thing that you had to drink there?

No water.

We just thought it would be the perfect sentimental drink to have and like water.

We feel like that's not special.

No, it's not.

Now, what about sparkling water?

That's kind of special.

It then occurred to me.

You know, it's because the I feel like there's so much sodium.

Oh, hold on a second.

Wait a minute.

Here we go.

Hule doesn't know what something is.

Hold on.

Have you heard the word sparkling before?

Well, sure, I just heard you say spark sparkling before me.

Have you ever heard the word sparkling before?

No, where would I heard that before?

Boy, boy, I don't know what in life being alive.

I'm afraid of anything like princesses or unicorns that sparkle.

Have you ever been on a carnival cruise, Hule?

Well, no, but that's what they do.

Whose pilot in the ship if they have a bunch of bears rolling around on balls and clap?

If it's a carnival, and what is there?

Strong man hitting the hammer to see how far up the sail can go?

It takes things so literally.

I know.

Boy.

It's like, no, it's just like when you say California's gold, like what does that conjure up to you?

Like a gold California?

Yeah, I'm looking for California's gold because I won't get rich.

Have you ever found it?

Well, I found little pieces of California's gold.

Now, this is interesting.

Nobody lets me cash it in when I try to mail in my little episodes to cash for gold.

Now we're getting into why you actually started the show, Hule.

I never realized that we're on a treasure hunt.

This is like the origin of Yule housing.

This is like city slickers too.

Well, sure.

Because gold.

The search for Curly's gold?

Yeah, it was a legend of it.

Wait a minute.

I can't remember.

I can't remember the subtitle.

Curly has a lot of gold.

You may want to find him.

You may want to track him down.

Oh, you just took off.

Oh my god, there he goes.

Wow.

Well, I made a brief look around the studio for Curly.

And then he came right back.

Came up empty.

Came back down.

Came back on.

Well, now that he's back, we can listen to number four on the countdown.

This is Tom Lennon from Reno 911.

Dropped by the studio one day and sort of just got inspired.

We'd never talked about it, but just started doing a very divisive character.

Many of you love him and he's your favorite thing.

And in fact, you all voted for him to be number four.

But every day I get someone writing to me saying I couldn't listen to that episode.

This is a character?

Maybe I should not have.

I can't wait for Tom Lennon to show up on this episode.

I had no idea.

Oh, he shows up at the very, very end.

Yes, you will.

You're going to play something that some people liked, but some people didn't like.

But enough people liked it that it's number four on the countdown.

Tip to scale.

So I would say if you did not like it, take another listen to this little snippet.

Maybe you can't hear an entire hour with it, but take a listen to this snippet or fast forward.

It's going to be hard for me to listen because I feel like I'm disappointed like when I found out Chris Gaines was gothbroke.

Oh, what a day it was.

You called me at 3 a.m.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Do you know Chris Gaines and Garth Brooks?

I don't know who Garth Brooks is.

I'm a big fan of Chris Gaines.

It's strange that the one thing that you know, you know, you know, I know a few things.

I don't know enough about him to know that he's Garth Brooks.

Well, listen, I don't know why you're hoisting me up on a pet.

Paytard here.

But all I'm saying is I got some reference points.

I put my boots on one shoot at time.

You'll do me a favor list in any particular.

It doesn't matter.

List everything that you know.

Let's hear it.

All right.

And no, in no particular order.

Don't get hung up on the order because that will just give you a block just like free association spit out things that you know.

I know that people answer questions if you put a microphone in their face.

Right.

That's a great place to start.

I know that Louise is my cameraman.

Okay.

Sure.

The basics.

I know that I am in California.

Right.

I am aware that I am in California and that I am finding out what it is.

Sure.

As I keep finding.

You know what gold is, right?

No, I didn't know.

Well, well, where are you searching for it so hard?

Well, I know that people say that gold is valuable.

So I'm searching because I'm searching to find out what it is.

You know the concept of valuable then.

You know that things have values and are worth no.

No, I just know that people like things that are valuable.

Oh, so you know, you know that people like things.

I know that people like things and people do things and that things are fascinating.

Okay.

That pretty much it.

Oh, and Chris Gaines.

Hey, Chris.

Big fan of Chris Guy.

We'll talk a little bit about Chris Gaines during our next clip.

This is Tom Lennon with Little Gary number four on the Countdown comedy death.

Number four.

Okay.

So.

It's coming.

Where were you?

Brought you by Scott Markerman.

We have a new voice over guys.

Not exactly.

We're not.

I'm sorry.

I can't read what John just peed your paper in front of me.

Now you can't even pronounce piece of paper correctly.

How did you get this job?

Scott, you're here to sing.

I'm doing the best I can.

When you find me in your voice over guy, you look, you get away from your paper.

Okay.

Let me know if my extra bitch has a voice over guy for you.

Okay.

Yeah, please list these.

One.

Joanna Reeve.

The most important one would say.

I bring two comedy, definitely with you.

So much.

How can one quantify how much Joanna Reeve you bring?

Well, look at my shirt.

It says five.

You have a Joanna Reeve meter on your shirt.

Yes.

It's up to five right now.

How do you make your shirt change like that?

I use a job.

He.

Tensor.

Wait.

Oh, a sensor.

Like a heat sensor.

How did you feel like me being the voice over guy?

It's not working out, Scott.

Yeah.

There's somebody in my cut.

You're trying to come back.

Oh.

Who's in the cut?

I don't know.

Who's that black guy?

We're going to play.

Who's that black guy a little later on?

Oh, I love that game.

That's a great game.

Don't close started it.

Yes.

It's the closest game.

It's pretty easy.

Yeah.

You just have to go easy again.

Most times, it's a shack.

Oh, yeah.

The answer is usually shack.

More in the time.

You come, mother.

Scott.

Parker makes would you ever prefer a new home as a comedy different, right?

Would you rather have sandpaper for skin or have regular human skin and just buy sandpaper at the store when you need it?

Yeah.

I think it'd probably be pretty good because like say you fall out of retreat.

What is you falling out of retreat?

And then it swoos away.

Okay.

Is that a question?

Smoos the way.

It's smooth the way down when you fall out of the air.

Yeah.

It's smooth the bark.

Are you saying that you fall down the trunk of a tree?

I think for every time I fell out of a tree, I thought it would.

I would take a couple of times, Scott.

Man, I wish I had a camp here in the skin.

I have to call bullshit on that.

I don't think you thought that ever.

I thought every time I fell out of the tree.

Every time you, you thought the very specific question that this person asked us, you wished you had sandpaper for skin.

Yeah.

All right.

Well, so was that a question?

Can you form that?

Okay.

That was a question.

All right.

We're going to, we're going to.

I agree with the match.

We're just about to close the floor for questions.

I'm just about to.

Anyone have any others?

Okay.

Flora's closed.

Is it inside your mouth?

Yeah.

Your mouth, great question.

It is inside your mouth also.

It is, your tongue is very sandpaper-y.

It's like a dog.

But not sandpaper.

No.

Okay.

Lil Gary, what is your vote?

Absolutely.

Give me the sandpaper hand.

Sandpaper for skin.

Yeah.

Matt Bronzer.

I'm going to just stick with buying into the store.

Buying it out the store.

Can't let go of my emotions.

I'm going to go sandpaper for skin.

Sandpaper for skin.

I'm going to go sandpaper.

Why is that wash?

I think it just be interesting.

And I like the durability because I cut myself a lot and I get bruises a lot.

I think you would save, save your, save some pain.

What would your wife think about it?

You know what?

She'd have to get sandpaper skin.

Oh, that is not possible.

Oh, can I pick an idea?

We have to get remarried to a very rough picnic table.

It's not a rough picnic table.

Yeah.

No, no.

I'm going to be like it.

Or any unfinished piece of wood.

And you're scratching my balls.

I'm going to be a picnic table.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Number four.

Lil Gary on the countdown.

Number four.

We welcome back to people who have fast forwarded through it.

And y'all know what you're missing.

Go back and listen to that shit.

It's so funny.

Don't you're only cheating yourself?

That was number four.

Number four on the countdown.

You knew it.

Before that it was number five.

Why is it?

We're counting down.

That is the very nature of a countdown is to start at a high number and go down to a low number.

Let me ask you a question.

Yule.

How many numbers do you know?

How many numbers do I know?

And put them in order.

Okay.

Oh, this time put them in order.

That's the time I want them in order.

Oh, go.

Taskmaster I.

I feel like this will go faster if we haven't been in order.

I know.

I know three numbers.

Okay.

Let's hear it.

You know three obviously because you just said three.

Three.

That's the number I know.

Okay.

Oh, wait.

You said three numbers.

That's what I know.

You know the number three.

It sounds like you don't know the concept of three though because you said you knew three numbers and you only listed one.

Do you know what one is?

What?

Well, that no.

Well, one is that's that makes two.

Oh, wait.

You know what I mean?

You do a math.

You're doing math.

So, wait, we're teaching him.

So, one and two is one and three is two.

You're like two different things.

This is like standby me.

I see you're an amazing teacher.

No, you know what it's like?

It's like he's some kind of dumb math malfunctioning robot that like had some program and then somebody spilled some soda on him or something.

Well, we'll get to maybe what exactly went wrong with you.

No, you son of a...

Well, now hold on.

I'm just a little frustrated.

I guess by all the questions.

It's different when it's directed at me as opposed to like a park ranger or whatever.

You know, now it's like...

I feel like if I was that park ranger now and you know, the show was not edited, I'd be taking off my smoky the bear hat and trying to shove it down your throat.

Whoa, the things are getting a little heated on this end.

Not because I'm mad at you, but it's just like I can't take the questions anymore.

It's driving me out of my mind.

So, you had a hat?

That you bought.

Oh, okay.

Smoky the bear.

Is that right?

I'm not gonna drive him insane.

I'm not gonna have an amazing park.

I feel like a California is gone.

I feel like I'm running into the cathalon.

I know.

Well, speaking of it, the cathalon, let's get back to our decathlon, which is the top ten here of Comedy Deathere as voted by you.

This is number three.

This is when Jerry Minor dropped by and sang his song called Poppin' Bottles on the countdown.

Number three.

Yeah.

What's up, everybody?

How you doing?

Do you like champagne?

Do you like models?

Do you like rolling on dubs?

Well, here we go.

Hey, Shawn, look at me.

Super champagne with me.

I be out doing it up at the after party.

Come on, girl, and freak with the bug.

I don't know about the So keep that stuff to yourself.

And now I'm gonna sing my song.

Now I do it on a call.

Up in the club, rolling on dubs.

Sipping champagne, doing my thing.

Poppin' bottles with top models in the VIP.

Up in the club, rolling on dubs.

Sipping champagne, doing my thing.

Poppin' bottles with top models.

The VIP.

Show the show the champagne.

Sipping up in the VIP.

Rolling on dubs, bit please.

Doing it all night.

Show the show the show the show the show the show the show the Do it all night in the VIP.

Sipping champagne, hangin' with top models.

Up in the club, rolling on dubs.

Sipping champagne, doing my thing.

Poppin' bottles with top models in the VIP.

Up in the club, rolling on dubs.

Sipping champagne, doing my thing.

Poppin' bottles with top models in the VIP.

Sipping champagne.

LAUGHTER See ya.

Yeah!

Do you like rolling on dubs?

Yeah!

Do you like top models?

Sure.

Alright.

Do you like money?

LAUGHTER Up in the club, rolling on dubs.

See ya.

You get the idea.

You want me?

I'll do the fire report.

OK.

Alright.

OK.

I'm gonna.

La Cangana, Flintridge.

20% contained.

Baddles, birties.

10% contained.

And this is a fire so cool.

What else do you want me to do?

Yeah, give us some more.

I'd love to hear the chorus again.

It's so catchy.

Up in the club, rolling on dubs.

Sipping champagne, doing my thing.

Poppin' bottles with top models in the VIP.

Number three.

Gary Miner.

And I'm here with iced tea and Yule Hauser.

We're counting down the top ten.

That is a hell of a track, man.

I'm bumping that in my Escalade.

I love it.

Now it sounds like, it sounds like you sound like right now.

Sounds like that song on there just now.

Did you hear where you were on that song?

They're both African American gentlemen.

What's that?

Oh boy.

This is getting a little sticky here.

I don't want to be the person to teach Yule Hauser about race.

You know what?

We did teach Yule Hauser about race though.

This is very coincidental.

We're against to the finish line first.

Lance!

That actually is the moral of racism here.

We did teach him a little.

I'm the moral of race.

What the hell of a thing to say?

If you beat everybody else to the finish line, your race wins.

Yes.

You win my race.

We taught Yule a little bit about race.

This is coincidentally number two on the countdown.

Yule Hauser, you got to number two in your previous appearance here on Comedy Death Race.

So lucky, I figured out, you guys taught me the number two is the same number that your ear is.

That is just amazing.

The number I just came up with is what these other people also...

Well you didn't invent the number.

What do you mean by came up with?

Well we figured it out that we had one and three and that makes two things.

I feel like I got to lie down.

And here we are folks.

The circle has come all the way from Alompuk all the way back down to Hesparia.

That's right.

Here we are with Yule Hauser who is number two on the countdown, Comedy Death Race.

Number two.

Now, Yule, let me explain this concept.

Take a look at your own body.

Sure.

Well I'm looking at what I can.

I can't see my own face.

That's true.

I'm trying to do but the most I can see from about my chest all the way down to my little private parts.

And then all the way I can see my clothing.

If I lift up my clothing, I can see my skin on my body.

So great.

So you know what skin is.

Great.

We can start there.

Do you know what colors are for you?

I don't think I fully understand what skin is.

Sure but it's...

We can start there.

It keeps your insides in basically.

Is that what it does?

Yeah so you don't like it's...

Wow!

So you don't just explode into a gooey mess.

Well that would be terrible if that happened again.

Yeah.

Okay well.

The warrior was in the Navy man.

He sees this all the time.

That's right.

So now take a look at your skin.

You know what colors are.

What color is your skin?

Oh well, why would you call this?

I would call this...

I would call this probably skin color.

Okay good.

Like a normal human skin color.

Yeah that's...

This is gonna work perfect.

This is gonna work perfectly or else it would be.

You think this is the normal human color?

Well sure yeah because most if you're a normal person this is what you're gonna look like.

So imagine if you're looking at it.

It's gonna be a little bit darker or pinker than like wallpaper.

If you encountered someone that had a different color skin let's say like a different color skin than what normal was.

Well first of all I want to wash them off.

Okay.

That's right they're an aberration.

They're an aberration.

I'm not a lot of erases people.

What's wrong with what I'm saying?

I just don't want you to track mud into the kitchen especially if you're up in my big bear cabin.

No I don't.

We're finally hitting a groove here.

I think that's right.

No no no.

Well what now I don't know I played the ignorance because I don't even know what I'm being accused of here.

I suddenly find myself in a stockade.

Ben what do you guys?

Just because it's haunting me a little bit now when you were talking about looking at your person you made a point of talking about how small your genitals were.

Yeah.

Do you remember that or just came by so quick?

Oh sure.

Well you know I was told you know it never let anybody touch your private parts.

Your little blessings.

Who told you that you were hanging around old men and little kids.

I think it was it was I don't remember too well but there when I was really young there was this woman that told me a lot of things about my life and what to do and what not to do.

And she's not around anymore but I remember a few of those things.

Michael Jackson.

Is that Michael Jackson or your mother.

This is your mother Hule you don't remember her because she passed away.

Well who is my mother?

Oh my goodness.

How do you know her?

I don't know her but it's the woman that you're describing most likely is your mother and and she.

Boy oh boy.

Do you know how you were born I mean your life story seems to start at the Marine Corps.

So you remember anything before then.

It starts at Coronado Island off of San Diego.

And go a beautiful hotel there.

Well sure they do.

It's there's a beautiful hotel there.

There's a beautiful hotel in Norco California.

I've been to do but do you remember coming out of your your mother's for China for China or what no all our memories coming out of the Yosemite Valley.

You such terrible issues you have no clue.

I remember walking through a red wood.

I remember coming out of a ferry in Salsa Lido California.

It seems to me like something horrible happened with your mother.

You don't even remember her.

Oh God.

She passed away.

What's happening.

What's wrong?

Let's go.

Get out my mama.

Get out.

I'm going to get you.

God damn.

Get that.

God.

You want to suck on this right now?

Turn that fucking camera off.

You've got to suck on that fucking camera.

You're a camera.

Blue age.

You've got to suck on that.

You're a camera.

Blue age.

You've got to suck on this right now.

Turn that fucking camera off.

You've got to suck on that.

You've got to suck on this right now.

You've got the strength of one and a half sandwiches.

You've got to suck on this right now.

Why don't we go speaking up number one.

Why don't we play number one?

I think that's maybe the worst segue I've ever done because I mentioned number one.

Is this up there?

Let's do worst segues next year.

Number one, Icede. I'm glad you're here to share in your victory.

What? You tell me I'm number one.

You are number one.

What's the clip?

From Vancouver, we did an episode where you traveled up to Vancouver.

You don't just hang out in New York.

No, no, no.

I'm investigating Bellany Rapist.

I'm like Curly Neal, a globe trotter.

Good old Curly.

Are you also, uh, do you turn into a noodle man?

No, but I will throw a bucket of confetti on you.

You'll think it's water.

Have you ever been to California?

Ask me how many times.

How many times?

I live there.

Wow.

All right, let's hear number one.

This is Icede from Vancouver on the countdown.

Number one.

It is time to play Would You Rather?

♪ Would you rather be addicted to heroin and love country music?

Or always say racist things on accident and own no shoes?

All right, I am opening the floor for questions right now.

Anyone have any questions?

Just jumping.

I have a question.

Icede off the bat with a question.

Are we talking classic country like George Jones, Johnny Cash, Hank Thienia?

Or are we talking about the more modern stuff like Taylor Swift and that?

Great question, Icede.

See, now this is exactly how you play Would You Rather?

Thank you.

See, Icede knows because he's a listener of the show.

He knows getting there early, getting there early with the questions.

The more information you have about this particular scenario, the better you'll be able to vote.

Todd, I'm sorry, I know you look like you're about to ask a question.

I'm going to have to admonish you and tell you, please do not ask a question until I've answered the previous question.

All right, so now back to Icede.

I am ready to answer your question, which is that it is the latter.

It is the more modern country, not Taylor Swift necessarily, but you're a big Garth Brooks fan.

You have all of the box sets.

So, more in the modern 90s country, kind of Billy Ray Cyrus, that end.

May I ask a follow-up?

See, now this is also exactly how you play.

Getting a follow-up in before anyone else can do it.

Okay, I see.

I'm all yours.

Do I genuinely love the country music or do I know I'm trapped in a psychological prison?

That is a great question.

Unfortunately, you do know, whatever choice you make, you remember your life from before, and you remember how great you had it when you hated country music.

You've given me much to think about.

All right, so the floor is open.

Scott, yes, Icede.

May I ask a question?

See, now Nick and Reggie, I have to say, you guys are just sleeping.

I had one. I had one set up.

You had one in the chamber?

I had one.

I'm sorry, I can't take it until we get to ICU.

It wasn't locked, I guess.

You lose, you lose.

It was loaded.

What?

Was that a quote?

I was a tribute, my quote.

I'm not a activist.

About this shoe business.

I know I don't own any shoes, but do I still have shoes to wear?

Like, am I renting shoes or are people donating shoes to me and then taking them back?

That's interesting.

Well, basically what you're asking is the world of your shoe box where basically people around the world love Icede so much that they say, hey, Icede has no shoes and they just give you shoes as you walk through their town, much like Bruce Banner in the Incredible Hulk.

Sad music plays, you walk through their town, they see Icede.

Well, but nobody knew he was the Incredible Hulk.

They felt sorry.

That's why he was going from town to town.

He was on the run.

He was eluding the reporter, Jack McGee.

That's true.

That's a good one.

Well, we have to name the actor.

I can't remember.

I think that might have been the actor's name.

I'm not sure.

I thought it was Lou Ferrigto.

He played Lou Ferrigno did Double Duty as both the Incredible persona and the reporter who was chasing Dr. David Banner, Bruce Banner in the comics.

I forget your question.

My question is, do I still have access to shoes or am I constantly walking around barefoot?

You have no access to shoes.

That is a great question.

Thank you very much.

Anyone else have a question before I close?

I have a question, Scott.

How good is this heroin?

Is it premium quality heroin?

What's the best heroin that you iced tea have ever had?

Probably Boredmans.

Boredmans.

I was attracted to the packaging.

It's like an art deco style package on the heroin.

It's like that heroin, but ten times better.

Every single time you use it.

Follow up questions, Scott.

Very good.

Yes, I see.

How long do I live?

Okay, well, that is an interesting question.

And there is a classic, would you rather question?

Okay, you have two.

That determines, you understand why I'm headed with this.

Sure.

Because I'm tortured by the knowledge that I didn't use to be a fan of modern country.

But the heroin is really great.

The heroin is so good.

But if I'm a heroin addict, let's face it.

I'm not going to live together forever.

I don't like my chances.

Right.

So maybe it's best to flame out, you know, and surrender myself to the throws of this heroin addiction.

Right.

And let that replace the blood in my veins and then eventually become a husk.

So that I don't have to live that long with this.

Yes, I see where you're in the country music.

I probably didn't need to explain the whole thing like that.

No, I see where you're going with it.

But you see what I'm saying.

So I want to know, like, is the heroin good heroin?

It's going to like just knock me out after a very short period.

That is a great question.

Actually, in the heroin scenario, you live a long, long life.

You have many grandchildren and great grandchildren.

You have to live with a regret that you know you love country music now.

Right.

And all of your grandchildren and great grandchildren know you are a heroin addict.

I have one final question then.

Sure.

No problem.

God damn it.

I'm sorry, Nick.

It's cold, would you rather not let's wait for Nick?

Here's my final question.

Sure, I see.

Yes.

Am I a good grandfather?

I see.

You're the best grandfather.

I don't want to cry in front of these people.

Number one.

There we have it.

Number one.

I see congratulations.

You'll hounder.

I'm humbled.

Better luck next year, you'll.

Now hold on.

You're telling me that I came in number two.

We did tell you that, but you blacked out and didn't remember it supposedly.

You turned into a crow.

So that's better than number one because I got more votes.

Is that how it works out?

No, you did not get more votes.

Unfortunately, I see took the crown.

I did.

Well, who's, where's the crown?

He looks like he's wearing a...

That's an expression, you'll.

He looks like he's wearing a robbers hat or something.

Roberts hat.

I don't even know if that is a...

I choose not to take that as racist.

I know you're just wearing a normal baseball hat.

I just wear a hat.

Well, no, it looks like you look like a robber.

Or a man.

Boy, I'm going to ask you to stop saying that.

Or somebody who's a big criminal or maybe even a cop killer.

Man, I'm not holding on a thing.

Hold on.

Maybe there's something in his subconscious that realizes your previous work.

You had a song called cop killer we made.

Does the phrase body count mean anything to you?

Body count.

Yeah.

Sure.

Yeah, I seen him stacked up.

I seen him.

I had him on the end of a bayonet.

14.

Not where I was hoping to go.

You won't talk about body size.

Oh, dear.

I'd rather not miss the house.

Yeah, let me put it this way.

I got a whole bunch of skeletons in my closet.

You can't hold skeletons inside of an iced tea glass.

Things got very grim in here.

I'm a little afraid, but I don't want to provoke him and cause him to turn to some other bird robot.

Hold on.

What other bird type of robot do you think you're not like a go bot?

Let me look into my eyes.

I want you to look into my eyes.

I'll take my sunglasses off for the first.

Oh, I never realized it.

I can't look away.

Do you see what I'm looking at?

Look at me old.

I can't.

Look at me old.

The house or?

I can't look, but I can't not look.

Put my sunglasses back on or you will perish.

I'm afraid it's going to need your face.

Touch them.

You're sunglasses are your eyes.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

Hey, you're here.

What are you doing?

I'm not going to look.

Hi, everybody.

You're a hauser.

That was chilling.

That was like I was looking into the face of the abyss.

Now we're saying the abyss gates back also.

What have you ever thought about that?

That is a pretty good quote.

You should write that down.

I stole it.

Oh, really?

It's from the poem.

If you look into an abyss.

All right.

You will cover this later.

I did, but I walked down and I wanted my money back.

You talking about the movie the abyss?

Of course.

Are you talking about Avatar?

No, I'm Avatar.

That looks terrible.

Yeah, we'll cover that on another episode.

Wait, the first thing you'll have never liked.

Well, that is like a bunch of blue people.

I have hard enough time with other people that left different.

All right.

Let's move on from this.

I want to thank my guests.

Icedy.

Thank you so much.

You'll have your number two better luck next year.

You better luck next year.

Yes.

Which is when?

2010.

We've talked about that.

All right.

Thank you listeners for voting and for listening to the show.

If you like the show, we'll be back in 2010 with new episodes.

Thank you so much.

This has been Scott Ockerman for Comedy Death Ray.

We'll see you in 2010.

♪♪ .
