What's the best part of the cliffhanger? Why the conclusion?

That's right. We are counting down your top 10 episodes of comedy bang bang. I'm here with Paul F. Tompkins. He's my guest. Hi. And we're this is the intro. This is the the just saying. I'm right. Well, anyway, comedy bang bang.

♪ Let's move, move, move, move, move ♪ ♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ Bang, I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ I'm a little bit bangin' ♪ ♪ Let's move, two miles an hour ♪ ♪ Let's move, two miles an hour ♪ ♪ Let's move, two miles an hour ♪ ♪ Let's move, two miles an hour ♪ Whoa, my heart, okay, thank you.

Hey everyone, welcome to the show.

This is the second. Thank you.

Talking to the listeners.

Okay.

We're counting down your top 10 episodes.

This is part two and we did six through 10 the last time and these are voted on by you.

You went to earwolf.com in the blog section and you voted on your top 10 episodes.

And boy, six through 10 were great.

What could possibly be in ones throughs fives?

Secrets?

Do you wanna make any wagers?

Oh boy, oh boy.

By the way, I'm here with Paula Tompkin.

Hi!

Across the table from me.

It's right. Nice enough to come in.

It's right.

Thumbs yes.

Where do you use it?

Oh, it's right everyone.

It's right.

Yes, we are counting it down and what was going on there, Cyrus.

Cyrus was, by the way, engineer Cyrus is here.

He was touching the laptop with his chin for some reason.

It looked to me like he was trying to open it without using his hands.

So I opened it for him and then I realized his hands are just sitting there doing nothing.

What if he's become paralyzed?

Oh, that's true.

Are you okay?

I think what that is, it's an old podcasting superstition.

That's back to the earliest days of podcast.

Always touch the laptop to your chin.

That's right.

Asperger's. That's right.

That's livestock.

We are counting down your favorite episodes and it's been a really good year, I have to say.

Yeah.

I think we've had a lot of highlights.

I think so too.

You know, Scott, I'm not just an occasional, like twice a year participant in comedy bang bang.

I'm also a huge fan of the show.

What do you don't say?

I listen to it.

I listen to every episode.

Thank you so much.

I look forward to it.

Week after week, week in, week out.

Week in.

As the week's pass.

And I listen to it start to finish.

Thank you so much.

And I always, I laugh and chuckle and gefal and chortle.

Well, thank you so nice.

You are probably our most famous listener.

So thank you very much.

Probably.

Yeah.

Probably.

Who's that guy?

Brock!

The New Year Chicken is here.

Chicken, babe!

Happy New Year!

Brock!

If you're just listening to the show for the first time, that is one of our regular characters.

He's not a rooster man.

He's a female chicken who is a man.

He's the New Year Chicken.

Brock, I'm a New Year!

Okay, let me explain the show a little bit if you have never heard it before.

By the way, go.

I just told you I've heard the show before.

I listened to it.

Again, I'm not talking to you.

Well, how can I, I'm supposed to know, Scott.

I'm listening to you with my eye shut.

Mm-hmm.

What do you want me to open my eyes?

Open your eyes open.

How would that help with that?

Because I'm not looking right at you.

Yeah.

Then I'm sort of gazing off at the supposed...

Yeah, in the unseen listener.

Yeah.

Okay.

Well, if you've never heard the show before, first of all, go listen to the first part of our best.

Go listen from the beginning.

But if you've never heard the show before, basically what happens is I have a lot of really funny people on the show and you'll hear some of them today and every once in a while, some weirdos come in and derail the show a little bit about it.

Weird balls.

It's all in fun.

It's just like fun.

It's everything works out.

Sometimes I don't even mind that they come in.

I know.

You're very, you're very forgiving.

Most of the time I mind.

Yeah.

I'll go through.

And speaking of minding, that brings us to our first clip.

This is number five.

Number five.

That's right.

Number five.

And this is from episode 106.

And this is, I had our friend Andy Richter on the show.

Andy Richter on the program.

Yeah.

You know him from Conan.

He's been in a couple clips now.

He's been in a couple, this is his second appearance in the top ten.

Yeah.

And this is from episode 106, which was split into two parts by the way.

This is, that was an epic episode.

Yes.

Epic two hour episode.

I call, I call that an epic soad.

I don't, I could not imagine why.

I don't know why either.

I was hoping you would know actually.

It's kind of obnoxious.

Epic soad.

I think I'm just mispronouncing it.

Yeah.

Episode.

Oh, piss out.

So it's spelled E-P-I-C-O-D-E, but you, it's a soft C.

That's exactly where you're going wrong, Paul.

He's in the spelling of it.

And the pro-anunciation.

Mm-hmm.

I love that guy.

He's very eager to hear what you're supposed to say.

We talked about him in, uh, clip number six, the cake boss.

Buddy, the last, the last row.

The last row.

Yes.

He comes on the show every once in a while.

You know his show on the learning channel?

Yes.

Cake Boss.

He came in for this epic, epic soad where, uh, where, uh, we found out that he had been bitten by, and remind me, Paul, as a listener of the show.

He had been bitten by, first of all, cake bug.

First he was bitten by a cake bug, regular cake bug.

Regular cake bug.

Yeah, not a regular, regular one.

A lot of people assume a radioactive cake bug.

Yeah, come on.

Just a regular cake bug.

He gained the power of the second sight.

You can see the future.

Mm-hmm.

He was bitten by a cake scarab during his travels in Egypt.

He made a, uh, a cake for an Egyptian fellow.

Right.

Uh, I believe it was a pyramid cake.

Right.

Um, for a guy who was, uh, going to die and a Jewish man was going to die.

And he wanted to be buried in his pyramid cake.

Yes.

Right.

And he was bitten by a cake scarab.

Right.

And, uh, that, uh, gave him the ability to communicate with the dead, including, uh, we found out.

Yes.

People from fiction did long as they had died in those works of fiction.

Yes.

Or, or they, if it is reasonable to assume that they have died since.

Yes.

So for example, Huck Finn.

That's right.

At this point, 1800s, by this point, he would be dead.

There's no way he'd still be alive.

That's probably a scout from Tequila Mockingbird.

It's, he could try to communicate with her.

She might still be alive.

She'd be elderly.

She would.

The, the writer of that book, is she still alive?

Harper Lee.

I do not believe Harper Lee is still with us.

Okay.

I'm not sure.

Don't quote me on that.

Is that a, a, a romantic laugh or is that a, a, a, a, a, a, a memoir or?

I, I, I, maybe more of a romantic laugh, which I believe is, is your life in thinly veiled.

Yeah.

Fiction.

Yeah.

But that's, but it, she never admitted that maybe.

I know that she drew, like, the, the character of Dill is based on Truman Capote.

Mm.

But I don't know that that means that the rest of the story, which includes a false, false accusation of rape, I don't know that that necessarily happened.

Right.

To that, the black fellow with the withered arm.

And we'll never know.

Well, it's impossible to know.

We'll find out in heaven when we all die and our judge by our gorgeous Christ.

Oh, God, I am looking so forward to that.

I just taking so long.

I want to see everything I want to see who actually shot J of K.

Yeah.

That magic bullet.

Yeah.

Bullet time.

I want to see who, who's, who invented magic bullets?

Who shot at Keanu Reeves in the Matrix.

Yeah.

We never knew.

You can rewind all you want.

Yeah.

Oh my God.

That was a great.

But, but let me set up this clip just a little bit.

We found out earlier in this episode that Chewbacca had died because he died in one of the Star Wars novels which were canonical.

That's right.

And, uh, Buddy was talking to Chewbacca.

Yes.

Who was in fictional, Wookiee Heaven.

That's right.

And I believe that's all we need.

So you've mentioned Wookiee Heaven.

That's all we need to know about anything.

All right.

So let's hear number five.

Number five.

We're trying to communicate with Chewbacca to see if he ever slept with any famous celebrities.

Can I ask you a question of my own?

Sure.

How did that guy ever get permission to kill off a major character in the Star Wars universe?

It made big news and people were crying and he dies a hero's death.

I should hope so.

I was crying.

I hope he didn't just get hit by a car.

Space car.

His cholesterol was sky high.

He just had a heart attack.

Much like Macho Man Randy Savage.

Oh, RIP.

Some people say committed Chewishide.

Randy Savage or Chewbacca.

Some debts.

Chewbacca.

Okay.

All right.

So we're trying to communicate with Chewbacca but I guess we could communicate with anyone who's not one of the droids.

We should also ask Chewbacca about the droid cake that you made at one point if you ever heard about that.

Chewish Familia.

So you're in your trance.

In my trance.

And you're in the Wookie heaven and you're trying to find you.

You're fictional Wookie heaven.

And you're trying to find Chewbacca.

And let's see if you can find him.

Oh, there he is.

Oh, good.

It's relatively easy.

I was afraid we're going to have to go through a long build up with that.

He's famous.

So it's a, he's not hard to pick out.

It's like who is this?

Very tall.

Who in this room is Lewis cousin, Junior?

Well, Tim because he's famous.

And everyone else is white.

Yeah.

Boy, oh boy.

Anyway, Chewbacca, you remember me from last week.

We talked, we've been sitting here for a week.

You remember we talked and we got things got heated.

We challenged each other to a duel.

Still on by the way.

Still means you are the field of honor, Don.

Your second is the Wookie that I've never heard of from the Star Wars Thanksgiving special or whatever.

Even the Crossbow special.

Yeah.

I think you'll find that it was a Thanksgiving special.

I've been a trench.

Anyways, Chewbacca, these guys have some questions for you.

I will be the conduit from this world to fictional Wookie heaven.

What are your questions?

Speak, mortals.

Andy, you had your question.

I just, hi Chewbacca, it's Andy Richter.

Can we find out if that means anything to Chewbacca?

I'll ask him, Chewbacca, are you familiar with Andy Richter?

Oh, you are.

They can't do that too soon.

I agree.

Andy Richter controls universe.

Is he seeing you in the future of the Conan show?

I would have.

I would have picked Richard Hinnmore to be a quintuplets fan.

He heard that.

He's in Shelton.

Oh, I was just kidding.

No, just because Wookie is in the tradition.

He was kidding too.

Oh, Chewbacca.

Oh, that was great.

I would high five you, but I cannot reach into a different realm.

Chewbacca, he would probably cross you because he's eight feet tall.

Right, right.

Well, anyway, Chewie, if I can call you Chewie, he says he is allowing you.

All right, thank you, Chewie.

I'm wondering, since you did enjoy such a, you know, such fame and renown, if you ever had the opportunity to have sex with any celebrities.

Oh, he says that's rather an inappropriate question and he loves it.

Ah, Chewie.

He's a bit of a freak.

Chewbacca, will you answer this rather than personal question with all candor and salacious this?

All the deets, man.

That's what we want is all the deets.

All the deets, Chewbacca's.

Oh, you don't say?

Really?

All right, I'll tell them he had a four way with Natalie Wood and Rowan and Martin from laughing.

Oh my goodness.

Wow.

Also, the ghost of Montgomery Cliff watched the whole thing.

Wow.

Did they know that the ghost of Montgomery, or this was when he was alive?

They knew it, they contacted a medium to have a Che on so they could get the ghost of Montgomery Cliff to be the corner watching and maybe taking care of the business if you thought I'd be.

Right.

Now, it's- It's okay.

In a sexual situation, did Rowan and Martin still play their sort of persona of the aloof straight man and the sort of goofball?

They switched personas.

They were the same personas, but they just, they each took on the other persona of the other person.

I think you get what I'm saying about it.

I must have it.

I must have it for them.

It is hot.

They considered it a bit- Oh my God.

Here they are.

Hello, Rowan and Martin from Laughing.

They're there too, and look at it.

In fictional looking heaven.

How did you guys get in fictional looking heaven?

Oh, I see.

They saved a Wookiee's life in a future Star Wars novelization.

So they were allowed into fictional Wookiee heavens?

Yes, the most.

Because they would be roasting in hell otherwise.

Otherwise, they would surely be roasting in regular hell.

Wow.

Is that fair to other species to call it regular hell?

I think so.

We're kind of in charge.

Yeah, yeah.

Anyway, it's from our perspective too.

That's true.

The only people who know how to use tools, although I guess chimpanzees have used tools.

So maybe they might take some umbras with that.

Not store bar tools.

Oh.

Just dicks and stuff.

But they fashioned into tools.

Yeah.

Twigs, tea, termites.

That doesn't count.

They don't have money to go to an ace and buy a screwdriver.

Wait, how come birds have money and chimpanzees don't have money?

Birds are smarter than chimpanzees.

All right.

I don't think that's technically true.

The related to dinosaurs, the smartest creatures that ever walk in the earth.

What's smarter than a walnut?

Two walnuts.

I know that riddle.

You may pass.

So did we answer your question?

Sure.

That's pretty good.

Any others?

Yeah.

Welcome to the Chewbacca.

Any other famous people that you've lived with?

What?

That seems crazy to me.

All right.

I'll tell them.

Okay.

Who do we got?

Dina Lohan.

Is that a person?

Yeah.

Cool.

It's cool if a wookie herself.

That's Dina Lindsay Lohan cake boss.

Yeah.

That's her mother.

What?

She has a mother?

Yeah.

That's horrible.

That's a mother not care about her at all?

Well, you know, maybe it's because Lindsay is part wookie.

Oh, I never could shit it down.

Yeah.

That's why she's not fitting in this planet.

That's why she's so tall and hairy.

Right.

Can I ask a question of Chewbacca?

Yeah, Chewbacca has time for one more.

Two part question.

Oh, you got it.

You snuck it in the ass.

Got our girlfriend.

But he already said he would.

He did.

He agreed to it.

I'm smiling at you from Fagio Lokey.

I'm smiling at him down from regular earth.

He could she.

Chewie.

Two part question.

Did you ever have sex with Han Solo, even in college?

Second part of question.

What did you think of Buddy's cake of the droid cake that he made that we talked about on a previous episode?

He says not two parts.

That's two separate questions.

Hey.

He's nodding and saying that's true and direct the but he'll take the second question first.

He was charmed by the android cake that I made where I'll do need to achieve sentience and then had to be destroyed by eating.

Can I ask based on that question?

Follow up question.

Is there a sentient cake droid heaven that that cake resides in?

Of course there is.

Can you peer into the future before he answers my question about Han Solo?

Okay.

Can you communicate a few to a cake droid?

A sentient cake droid heaven.

Can you communicate with the cake that you murdered?

Okay.

Let's take a look.

That's a very many.

Here I am.

In sentient droid cake heaven.

Oh, there's only one guy here.

Oh, I.

That's the only time it's ever happened.

This is awkward.

Are you bad at me?

He's just saying beeps and boops.

I don't know what he is.

I don't know your language.

You've got to be happy to have a picture.

How come Luke Skywalker can understand R2D2 and you can't understand?

I'm not Luke Skywalker.

Okay.

Well, take the time to learn if you're going to murder something.

Where am I supposed to learn it?

I don't live in a world where we have robots that beep and boop for a length.

Well, look.

In the Empire Strikes Back R2D2 beeps and boops and he gets responses from Luke Skywalker.

I'm sure you can translate those based on Luke Skywalker's responses.

I can extrapolate for Luke Skywalker's responses.

It's the code is right there.

I have to Luke Skywalker in this situation.

Empire Strikes Back R2D2 is the Rosetta Stone of your language.

I don't have to be a language.

Ghost of a robot cake is saying to me.

Well now you don't because you didn't take the time to learn and now it's too late.

I hear the flaw in your logic.

Okay.

This isn't a robot.

It's a robot cake.

Sure.

His language does not apply.

He's got his own system of language.

Wait a minute.

You're saying that this is a droid cake language?

He's the only one of his kind.

Since you're droid cake.

And I murdered him.

Oh no.

By eating him he was delicious.

Of course you made it.

A religious cake.

Yeah.

I shouldn't have used so much cinnamon he never would have come to life.

You've never made that mistake again.

Never again.

I've banned cinnamon from the cake kitchen.

Anyway, sorry I murdered you.

I would love you.

What if somebody wants a snickerdoodle cake?

What are you going to do?

I send them down this tree.

Oh my gosh.

Two cake comp trola.

Number five.

Oh man.

What a clip.

That was crazy.

Cray.

Oh that's it.

Cray.

Paul you still have not been represented on this.

No.

Top 10.

No.

It's I guess I don't know.

I guess my my appearances on the show are mostly limited to this sort of thing where we're just talking about clips.

We're just wrapping.

We're just wrapping like a couple of bros.

Yeah, that's true.

I don't know.

I'm so sorry.

Well hopefully there's still four more clips to go.

Hey bro.

Ever since number 10 we haven't been able to stop imitating Adam Bally as bro.

Yeah well that was actually Adam Scott's great character.

Oh hey bros.

Yeah Jerry.

Jerry was a jerry or Gerald.

I thought it was Gerald.

It might have been.

We may have been calling him Gerald.

Jerry is short for maybe you become so friendly with the character.

That's true.

You'd use a dominion to the name Gerald from an episode in 2010 I believe where he debuted that character.

I believe so.

Hey bros.

But it's come back every time he's been on the show since.

We've tried to bring it back.

Wow.

So I totally forget.

I think oh never forget.

Hey Paul here's what I want to do.

I don't want to go to number four.

Fuck number four.

We're so close to it.

No no let's go to a.

Baaas.

I fucked it up.

Alright this is a bonus clip.

These are by the way our clips that we are highlighting from episodes that did not make the top 10.

That's right.

These are clips that the listener wrongly left out.

Well notable moments from episodes that were left out.

That should have been voted into the top 10 perhaps perhaps.

And this was a really fun episode called Bro and Out.

This is episode 121 and every once in a while we have our favorite feature on the show.

People love this more than anything else we do.

I know what it is.

A little game called What Am I Thinking?

Oh I thought it was plugs.

Oh no.

We'll get to plugs late.

Oh no what am I thinking?

And you know for me a very scary game.

Yes.

I get very anxious.

Because you're letting people peer inside your soul.

Oh no I don't give a shit about that.

It's that I get very anxious about being right about being right all the time.

Are you a competitive person I know that you are but I'm just asking.

You know I don't feel that I am a competitive person until I am called upon to compete.

I don't seek it out though.

I'm not looking for chance to compete.

But in a game situation I enjoy certain games.

Some games are just that if I'm not good at it in any way it bothers me.

Like you and I get very competitive about the Doug Love movies.

The Doug Love movies another podcast.

The letter molten game.

We're very competitive over it.

Too competitive.

Well because we like the game.

But like I will compete with you if I lose to you.

I don't feel as bad about it.

Because I know that we're both coming from the same place.

But we had to game that we enjoy.

We had talked about it once that losing that game one particular game I can't remember what it was.

But it ruined like our entire week.

Or like we felt bad about it.

What if that turned me to champions?

It might have been.

Yeah.

It just like felt bad the entire week.

The last time I was on I lost two.

Oh really.

On a technicality because of a credits order thing.

And it really bugged me.

It really boy way more than it should have.

First of all it shouldn't bug me at all.

I shouldn't care.

Are you and we're taping this before it happens.

But are you in the 12 people of Christmas?

I will not be in town.

I'm so sorry.

So spoiler I'm not there.

Well it will have already come out I believe.

By the time I was.

Spoiler I wasn't there.

So why are we talking about this?

Oh that's right.

We play this game.

What am I thinking?

And people love this game.

People write to me and they say can you play this every episode and I say well I can't do it every episode because you don't want to spoil the listener.

Yes.

But they love it and this was a certain instance where Jimmy Pardo our good friend Jimmy Pardo from the never not funny.

A rare appearance on comedy bang bang.

That's right and that's not because I don't ask him.

I actually I think had asked him eight times before he finally was able to you know he's out of town a lot he does the common show.

Look he's got stuff going on.

I would love to have him on more.

We have a great relationship but this was a really.

I'm not that great I guess.

I mean I'm sorry.

Go ahead.

I would have.

No I was just.

I'm here some office gossip.

I haven't heard anything.

Spill.

I get this sense that maybe your relationship is not as close as you think it is.

No we're best friends Paul.

I heard him call somebody else's best friend.

Who Pat Francis.

Me.

What?

Yeah.

We're best friends.

This is very uncomfortable.

How did this happen?

I don't know.

I don't know why I'm bringing it up.

How did I lose best friend status?

I guess you snooze you lose.

Oh that's right I went to sleep that one day.

That's one time yeah you were sneezing.

I knew I shouldn't have done that.

And I saw you snoozing and I was like here we go.

And I called up Jimmy and I said Jimmy Scott's asleep.

You were watching me sleep?

Yeah.

I watched everyone sleep.

What?

Yeah.

Jesus?

No just still me.

Oh okay.

But I knew I have Jesus powers.

I was bitten by Jesus.

On what?

Regular Jesus.

Not radioactive Jesus.

The poison.

Wow.

I think I may be mixing those things up from that terrible joke that everyone seems to constantly reference.

Okay but anyway we were playing this game and to know what the game is I don't know if I set it up in this clip or not but oh no we did not we think of separate words and then we have to think of the combination word that both both of those words have in common and then we're trying to say the same word at the same time.

Yeah that's the part that's anxious for me.

Yes.

And sometimes it stretches on for way too long.

Yes.

We had one with John Heater I think recently that went like 20 minutes.

That was a long way.

That was a thing like that before they finally came up.

But this in this one something interesting happens which I think you'll enjoy so let's hear it.

Alright Jimmy you ready to play you and me?

I'm ready to play.

Here we go.

We got to think of anything.

I'm in.

Anything in the world.

I'm in.

Alright I have mine.

And let's count down from three.

Three.

Two.

One.

For the opera.

Carvasié and Phantom of the Opera.

Carvasié is a beverage right?

Yes.

That is.

That's a drink.

Yes I know you're not a drinker and so you do not know.

But it's popular with the African American community is it not?

It is.

I can vote for that.

I did not want a cosign on that but Rob Delaney stepped in.

Okay.

Alright.

I have mine locked in.

Carvasié and the Phantom of the Opera.

Now we can take a little bit of time here but it gets quicker as we go on as we all know.

Alright I have mine locked in.

Anything.

Alright here we go.

Ready.

Yes.

Three.

Two.

I don't know if Carvasié is but I know going to see theater is a little priceless.

It can be these days.

I mean have you tried to go see a play these days?

Oh listen if it's not on Gold Star I don't go.

Wait so what are we expensive and intermission?

Intermission.

Expensive intermission.

Okay.

Alright.

Alright here we go.

Ready.

And three.

Two.

One.

Two.

Three.

Two.

One.

Theater.

Theater and people.

Almost at theater.

Almost.

But I don't know if the blacks don't go unless it's that my arms are too short to box with God production.

What?

Or the whiz.

What's that play called?

My arms are too short to box with God.

Hold on I'm trying to get a safe edit point here.

I think that's racist raisin in the sun by the way the hands vary.

Listen how am I the bad guy here?

I'm using cultural references.

Mmhmm yep.

If you're going to use a reference like that use August Wilson like a gentleman.

Listen I don't know who that is as close I would.

Alright what do we have?

We have I said theater you said people.

Alright here we go.

I know what I'm going to say.

Okay I'll try.

Alright here we go.

And three.

Two.

One.

Audience.

Audience and Usher.

I'm talking about the singer.

Yo okay good.

I'm sticking with the blacks there.

All right so wait.

Audience and Usher.

Okay.

Audience and Usher.

And we can say another word we've already said.

Yeah it just can't be the one you just previously.

I'm back in.

I'm going to go.

Audience and Usher here we go.

And three.

Two.

One.

Cedar.

Theater and seats.

I'm ready.

Alright here we go.

Three.

Two.

One.

Two.

One.

Two.

All right.

Two and gum and balcony.

Chewing gum and balcony.

I just ran out of balcony though.

So I'm sorry.

Guys you know that expression.

We came here to kick butt and chew bubble gum.

Oh right.

What?

Quiet let's choose the edit point right now.

I'll just turn bright red from embarrassment.

I'd have said the worst thing.

I expected a grand response to that the whole room laughing for two.

I mean for improv nerds though.

There's some A to C stuff happening there.

That's pretty intense.

I know what happened.

I do feel my face getting hot right now.

It's so hilarious.

Oh.

I have chills because I'm embarrassed for you.

It's like it's one of those things where I don't want to crap on you because you took a risk.

Yeah but this is the beauty of a podcast though I can claim that the entire audience laughed at that moment.

Yeah.

You'll get emails from me.

You're wrong.

People got rid of their ears.

A man just punched his wife because you did that.

So what happened to Van Gogh?

Do you think?

Yes I do.

He came into the future listening to this joke.

Yeah.

All right here we go.

We have chewing gum and balcony.

Chewing gum and balcony.

So you know I don't think there's any easy answer necessarily but let's just keep going.

We've got to go a little quicker.

All right we go.

One, two, one, teenagers.

Sticky and teenagers.

All right ready?

Here we go.

And three, two, one, jism.

Wow.

Yeah.

Yes.

What?

How did he do that?

My hands are rich and victory.

Jism.

Both syllables.

We both go jizz these days.

Jism.

Classic jism.

How do you do that?

Come on.

That's magic.

We didn't know Tom we didn't go or jizz jism.

No we didn't jizz jism.

That was simultaneous.

Yeah.

Vragular bukkake.

We know.

I'm going to declare us the winners of that.

I rob you out of it.

Sorry.

That's the win.

I would quit this game.

Never do it again.

That's never going to happen.

That is of course how we play.

What am I thinking?

Oh, what a bonus.

Oh, what a show.

Oh, what a guess the audience would vote for that disgusting clip.

Disgusting.

They didn't vote for it.

It was a bonus.

Oh, oh, so you voted for it.

I did.

That was fun.

Even I'm even the prude that I am.

I enjoyed it.

Up to a point.

What point was that?

Like before it occurred?

That was fun.

Go check that out.

That was from episode 121.

And we are counting down your favorite episodes.

And we have reached number four.

Number four.

And this was a very special episode.

Episode 103, which is our second anniversary episode.

Happy anniversary.

Thank you so much.

Go ahead.

And you, sir, are actually in this episode.

Me, Paul of Tomkins?

Yes, you, Paul of Tomkins.

When did that happen?

This was the second anniversary episode.

Wow.

And you, I guess I just stopped by to say happy anniversary.

Thank you so much.

Well, you're welcome.

Nine months too late.

I'm in the clip.

But okay, let me set up who we have here.

We have Reggie Watts.

Sure.

Okay, friend of the show.

He does the theme song.

He stuck around this time.

He usually does the theme in bolts, but he was actually around.

And Paul of Tomkins is here.

So congratulations.

You made number four.

Thank you.

And then a couple of people drop by.

I don't want to spoil it, but a couple of our old friends drop by.

And this shit gets nuts.

So let's hear you voted on it.

Number four.

Hey, don't shoot the messenger.

Don't blame me.

You sons of me.

She's number four.

Reggie, what's your favorite soda?

Well, my favorite soda is Nottlepama.

It's not really a...

It's no soda.

That's my favorite soda.

It's not soft drink.

It's my favorite soda, though.

It's a soft drink.

Okay.

Well, everybody's entitled their favorite soda.

Yeah, I don't have a soda, so that's the best I can.

Everybody's entitled to their favorite soda.

Nappies go...

Wait, who's that laughing?

Every kid's begins with K- Wow!

Wow!

Oh my God.

You know who that is.

Hi, everybody!

It's my kill-houser.

Your house is exciting.

Mr. Houser, I've heard you on this show many times.

And of course, I watch your program at home.

I've never met you before.

This is very exciting.

So you've heard me before now, but this is actually the first time that we're really meeting.

Yes, that's correct.

Wow, that is just fantastic.

It really is.

It's a pleasure to meet you.

Hey, what is your name?

Hey, my name is Pooh, here and everywhere.

My name is Pooh.

No, I think I told you to say...

So his name is Pooh.

Let's back up the show.

Pooh, oh, trees have dicks.

I came here because I wanted to help you find California's gold and I think I found just the way to do it.

Because I took a visit down to the beautiful Large Hadron Collider in wonderful Lake Geneva, Switzerland, California.

And I found that's where I've been the last, oh gosh, I don't even know what time is anymore.

You've been on in three, four months, five months maybe.

It might be that here in this reality, but to me it seems like it could have been 500,000 like years.

How do you know about reality?

Yeah, are you talking about alternate universes and stuff?

Now hold on, I don't know anything about that.

Are you talking about string theory?

I may not know what that means.

Well, I'll write that with you.

Okay, well, yeah, well, I walked in and they showed me around there at the Large Hadron Collider where they take these teeny tiny little little, they're not either smaller than a person.

Uh-huh, of course.

And they're even smaller than a little mouse, but they're inside everything.

You're talking about atoms?

But even they're inside of those.

Some atomic particles?

There are subatomic particles.

Smaller than a little mouse.

Smaller than a little tiny mouse and even the things that are inside of it.

That's the smallest thing that I can think of.

It's the smallest.

It's the smallest unit of thing.

So what happened to you at the Hadron Collider?

Well, I entered a whole bunch of different places because what happens is when they collide it like that, it turns out that instantly at that moment it's the big bang all over again and there's just hundreds of billions of different worlds.

And there's bigger numbers after that and bigger numbers after that and there's different hules going around.

Different hule houses?

In different California.

Well, because I walked right into the collider and I got punched by two of the little things coming at the same time, just faster than a bullet and smaller than a mouse.

Two of those subatomic particles crashed into you and it caused ripples in our reality?

Is that what you're trying to say?

Well, that caused ripples.

That's a...

I think that's what happened because I'm here right now, but I'm also everywhere else at the same time.

What?

Do you think that all of your alternate hule houses have straight outside of California?

Well now hold on, I don't know, I never...

To be everywhere?

In all my adventures, I never left California at all.

That's all...

You said everywhere.

But usually there's something outside of California.

You said everywhere, which implies that there has to be something outside California.

If something has a border, there must be something outside that border.

Well, there's an infinite number of Californians that are out there.

But when you step outside of California, you don't immediately walk into California.

Now I understand why he seemed confused when I talked about alternate universes.

You're saying there's alternate California's.

That's very true.

There's nothing but an endless number of California.

Right, but if you understand that California exists as part of...

Well, I don't understand much of it.

I think that it's a whole big mystery if you ask me.

Well, wait a second.

You understand this idea of...

I only understand what they showed me right in front of my eyes.

And then what happened when my eyes split into a thousand different stars?

And did you ever meet one of these alternate fuel houses?

Well, sure, we went to lunch together and we just asked each other questions.

And then what did you find?

I thought about him and vice versa.

Well, I sat down with him and we found out that we both don't know which kind of sandwich it was.

We were both good.

Was it the same sandwich or you ordered something different?

Well, no, but we ordered an infinite number of sandwiches and ate them all at the same time.

So every version of you is having lunch at the same time.

Well, yeah.

It would seem like...

Yes, Scott.

Somebody would make different choices, but you're saying you're on a strict schedule.

Well, I don't know.

The world is always different, but there is never a sandwich to beat that large-month sandwich shop, which I go down to.

Every time I inhabit a universe...

No matter what California you're in, you will always go to the large-month sandwich shop and get that same sandwich.

Do you get the same sandwich every time?

Well, I get the turkey pesto club.

So you figured it out?

What kind you have?

And the...

Yeah.

So every universe...

That's the only two things that are in common in every place I found out.

As lunch is always there and it's always every day and it's always California's goal.

And I would love to meet some of these other hules.

I bet there's one who's bald.

I bet there's one who wears...

Who's like goth.

You know what I mean?

I bet there's one with a mullet.

Is that true?

Do they look different?

Any of the hules?

Like they've all made different choices.

Well, sure, there's a little fat hule who speaks...

Oh, wow.

Who speaks Armenian?

And then there's a big old hule who's like a horse.

Wow.

What do you mean you have hules?

Well, no.

He has a little maze there on the island of Crete, of California.

Yeah.

Got it.

And he lures people in and he's half horse and then he's half hule.

Like a hule tarr?

Yeah, hule tarr.

He's half hule and half hule.

A minnule.

He's like Pat Minitor.

Or is it more of a scent houser?

Now, what is that?

What's a half man?

It's a half horse, half hule houser.

Yeah.

Okay, but where does a scent houser come in?

Is that like a weight panty?

I think.

Well, 100 of them make a dollhouser.

And you know that movie.

Welcome to the dollhouser.

I love that movie and then the TV show Dollhouser.

Starring...

What's her name?

What about Doogie Houser?

What about Doogie?

You made that sound...

Dooze.

Howger.

What about Rudger Houser?

Oh, the replants.

Who isn't?

Yeah.

Right back in your face, you'll answer that.

Answer that before you ask any other question.

Well, what is...

Well, how would I answer that?

Who isn't?

Doozey Helger.

You heard the question.

Well, no, everybody is because...

Objection, he's evading me.

Ah, the judge.

The judge.

That's not how the judge talks.

The judge says, I do declare...

The judge do declare...

Ah, ah, ah, ah.

The judge usually says something like sustained.

Okay.

Yes, or I'll allow it.

Why does the judge refer to the judge in the third person judge?

The judge says...

I think that this entire proceeding is against law and order.

What the fuck just happened?

This is Jesse the body of Ventura.

Someone just snuck up behind me.

I should explain that when we went down to the head drawn place that I was down there with the enigma force five and Jesse was there and he was there and we all got collided together and he turned into just a figure that follows me around everywhere.

Wait a minute.

He's not following you around.

He's the bottom half of your body.

Wait, oh, look at that.

That's right.

I open up my shirt right here and he's just inside peeking out of my tummy.

You got meshed together.

All of your atoms have combined to now you're some sort of a hula-tora.

I exist.

I exist in the belly of fuel houzer.

You're like a quato.

I am like a quato from Total Recall which is a blueprint for what the Illuminati plan is.

They know that we were the biggest threat.

No, I know.

But is it quato or quato?

I thought it was quato.

I thought it was quato recently.

Yeah.

Will you you're supposed to pronounce it with a thick accent so it's hard to understand.

I do.

It's gonna be quato.

Of course.

And I am technically a quato species now.

No, that's true.

That is not the name of an individual.

Hey, put the mic up by heel.

Hi everybody, it's heel houzer.

He'll how is this new existence affecting you?

After all, you were one person.

Now you're a mixture of two.

Well, I kinda it's kind of fun because I get to eat for two.

And wherever I go with ever how many hula houses are, there's also the same number of jessies.

Peeking out of the stomach.

So you're not the only one out of every reality.

Why would you think that it's always out of the same one?

Great question.

Maybe I come out of however many hula I want at the same.

Maybe there's 500 of me as well.

How many of us are there?

Have you ever come across a poll of costumes?

That's up for you.

That's up to you as soon as you lift the veil of my off of your eyes, then you get to find out what that is.

Wait a minute.

How are people enjoying this episode?

So sometimes we say they're 80% enjoying it.

But there is an infinite number of people out there enjoying it at 80%.

That's right.

Whoa.

What?

I'm not getting out there.

How did I get here?

Paul, you opened up your shirt and what's peeking out?

Why not?

And how about outside this fella?

Now hold on a second.

Paul F. Pumpkins.

A hot bear and beautiful Hollywood, California.

Oh my goodness.

This looks like a podcat.

You're more like a hula F. Pumpkins.

He's like, what is going on?

This is freaking me out.

He's a hulaouser inhabiting him stomach from about three years ago.

My shirt is ruined.

You wouldn't have been in him?

I'm sure they have.

Oh, nice to see you again.

Well, hi.

You want to have a sandwich down on large spots?

Oh, if I could get the turkey pesto club.

Well, let's go.

Why don't we just link arms with you and Jesse can link arms with Paul.

What's going on?

Why do I have to link arms with Paul F. Pumpkins?

No, why do you need to link arms with anyone?

Can't you just give him directions?

Really?

We could just walk there.

Exactly.

Why are you so...

What is that opinion that they have right there?

Well, I'm just saying we don't have to link arms.

We could just walk there independently.

So you're saying there's other ways to arrive at the same sandwich shop on large spots?

Oh, my brother.

There's so much I wish to show you.

May we kiss?

I wish we would.

So, Hule's upper body is going to kiss Paul's lower body.

Almost like a Hule 69.

Wait a minute.

That Hule 69?

That Hule 69.

That means that Paul and I are also going to be forced into a lover's embrace.

Oh.

Where's that the chimes at midnight?

I think so.

For my car.

I did.

Oh, I...

I want to see this.

In fact, I don't want to see this.

Can we take some pictures?

I hope the camera's not working.

Oh, no.

Well, don't worry.

We always have cameras at all times.

Exactly.

There is an infinite number of looises with those cameras who are filming everything.

Hi, looises.

Hi.

Come film this.

Make sure you get this.

Oh, we're getting some good coverage.

Come into your Hule 69.

Looks like there's about a thousand looises.

Get in the good angle.

I don't know if you can say this.

Oh, shut up and kiss.

But this is almost like a giant wedding face full of hule houses and other creatures coming in and out of their tummies.

It's like something out of Shakespeare's a bit summer night's tree.

I think this is where we have to say our vows.

Of course we can.

Can I preside over this ceremony?

I wish you would.

I'm a judge.

Object.

I'm a judge.

Now, who's this guy?

I'm a judge.

I'm a kicker of court.

Hold on.

Jesse Ventura has a Paul F. Tumpkins coming out of his stomach.

There's a hundred thousand Paul F. Tumpkins at any time.

Excuse me.

It's Paul's F. Tumpkins.

That's the correct.

It's the correct.

It's Wauper's Jr. not Wauper's Jr.s.

And a Carl's Jr. Jr. is Carl's the third.

There's rat ways to say things as well as wrong way.

This is what I've discovered.

My infinite journey through all the california.

I want to talk to Paul's doppelganger.

You're coming out of Jesse Ventura's stomach now, which is coming out of fuel stomach.

Wow.

I think your Turkish situation is untoward.

I don't think I should have a certain amount of dignity about it.

But Paul, does your fuel have anything coming out of his stomach?

Yeah, he's got a Yogi Bear coming out of his stomach.

I'm going to do some picnic baskets.

Wow, Yogi Bear.

Now hold on.

I know he's glad to have him, aren't you?

Is this what it means to have a runaway?

Are you running away from me out there all to rat now?

You, you've made me the happiest fuel in all the infinite california.

If you would do me with a great service.

Oh my God.

I've become a kiss.

I've become a.

The judge declares you.

The judge declares you have to kiss.

Alright, judge.

Here we go.

Wow boy.

This marriage is endorsed by the California School Book Association.

The California Teachers Association.

Oh my God.

And the Interdimental Council of the Brotherhood of Fuel Housing and Jesse Ventura's and Paul Tomkins and all the other.

That was so amazing.

Mazel tod.

Jesse Ventura kissed Paul and then the other Paul kissed Yogi Bear.

I thought it was the same time.

I was still kissing Paul right up until you got his attention.

You can tell I wasn't into it, right?

Well, but you didn't, you didn't back down.

No, I was polite because you're a pettie.

You were polite because you're a former governor.

I'm allowed to kiss any one person at any time for as long as I know.

And I know that.

Number four.

Wow, that was.

Wow.

Naughty.

I am reeling.

Have you ever heard the like?

It was intricate.

It was hard to figure out.

It needed a flowchart.

It did, but someone drew a picture of that Hulstein line by the way.

I'm not sure where you can find that, but that was really funny.

It's out there.

X files.

Oh, that was a fun show.

That's just 15 minutes of that show.

That show was two hours of gold.

So go check out that one.

That deserves to be number four, huh?

Absolutely.

Yeah.

And no higher.

And before we get to number three, why don't we do another bonus?

This is from episode 98, and this was a really strange one.

This got high up in the rankings, but I just wanted to highlight this clip.

Basically what happened was our good friend, Adam Scott was here.

I know exactly what this is going to be.

From the aforementioned, hey, bros, hey, bros.

He came and all of a sudden in the middle of the show, the sheriff of Nottingham, Alan Rickman came in.

Yeah.

And he wanted to steal the comedy bang bang gold, I believe.

That's right.

And something really strange happened in this episode.

And maybe the episode wasn't voted on, but I thought this clip should have been.

So why don't we take a listen to it?

All right.

So what do you give it then?

I think I would give it pants, but I would take it down to the tuxedo to get a new measure for a proper pair of pants.

All right.

And Adam.

I think that's a worthy worthy.

Worthy worthy worthy.

Oh, no, he's.

I've shut down your Adam Scott, Mr. Ockerman.

Are you believing me yet?

How did you do that?

Are you believing me?

How did you do that?

Neil before me, Mr. Ockerman.

I will deal.

He's a robot.

How did you?

I was controlled by me, Alan Rickman, and I was only here.

The gold is already gone.

It's in the red line.

I'll give you the gold.

I'll do whatever you want.

And the gold has been taken.

I'll have all my, when I was yelling in that radio, my German slaves were removing it from your earwalf office.

Now suck on my glock.

Oh, God.

You're such a pretty face you do.

It's an adorable little face, Mr. Ockerman.

Oh, no, no, no, God.

Well, come on, you death ray.

I'm afraid it's time for me to make my exit from a helicopter waiting on the top of the building.

Oh, stop it.

It wasn't that bad.

My cum tastes like strawberry chocolate I know because I have it all the time.

Well, do whatever you just please.

Leave us alone.

I'm going to leave you like this.

All of all.

Oh, worthy.

I'm so sorry for whatever I did to Adam.

I'm so sorry for whatever I did to you.

Perfect.

Oh, we're the.

Scott.

Oh, we're the.

You've played your part like a worthy assistant.

Oh, we're the.

Oh, we're the analogy.

Oh, you're back.

I'm sorry.

Nothing.

Where'd Alan go?

He, I don't know, something fucking crazy just happened.

Huh.

Anyway, I thought it was a pretty good analogy.

I would also say go to the tailor and get the pants fitted right or whatever.

It was pretty good, but not the rap part wasn't.

I've shown my gold back.

A worthy.

I am glad.

I'm glad that you highlighted that clip because it was quite a moment.

I remember really, really enjoying, you know, sometimes you hear stuff where it's more than just fun.

It's like it transcends something in a certain way.

Yeah, Scott, I'm being totally serious right now.

I just want to talk shop a little bit.

There's a lot of improv that happens on this show and there's moments like that where even I, knowing the show as well as I do, was wondering was there any way that any of that was planned out and then realizing none of it was planned out.

Zero.

But there was just this moment that happened.

You guys all went with it and created this thing and it spun out in this crazy direction.

And that to me is the magic of this.

Thank you very much.

Well, if I may talk shop for a little bit, I'm a big fan of your comedy.

Okay.

Well, thanks.

Jumping on board.

No, thank you.

That means a lot.

That is to me one of the great moments of the show and something that would not happen on another type of show.

No, and I think that to be both as a listener and also as a person who gets to be inside that sometimes, it's very exciting, you know, to hear of you inside me.

All that.

Oh, my man.

All right.

Let's continue counting it down.

Continue my wife.

Oh, who's that quickly?

That's more like Carson.

Oh, my wife.

My wife.

By the way, have I ever done, I don't think I've done that on the show yet, but have I ever done internet Borat on the show yet?

I don't I'm aware of my wife.

Oh, my God.

There you go.

That's a gift to you for the, I do not accept that gift.

Return to center address unknown.

This is our, this is number three.

Number three.

Wow, we are getting close to number one.

So close.

Shai.

Ooh, as Kajagugu once said.

Tushai, Shai.

Ha, Shai.

Adewa.

Tushai, Tushai.

Were they just saying Tushai, Kama, Tushai?

I feel like they're saying Tushai, Shai, Shai, but I've never known.

Tushai, Doai.

Yeah, it's like, I feel like, yeah, wow, there was, there was a way we could know what Kajagugu meant.

I wish there was a way.

We never loved that song.

That's a great Kajagugu song.

I wish there was a way to have another hit.

It would be sad if a band put out a song that said, I wish there was a way to have another hit.

But we never will.

This is from episode 94.

Yeah.

Stretching back and a good friend Ben Schwartz was on the show.

Absolutely.

You'll be seeing him on his new Showtime series coming up in January with Don Cheadle.

That's right.

And it's always a pleasure to have him on the show.

And we were talking to him and then a certain gentleman came in and this is the first time we ever heard from him, but his name was Hot Dog.

Oh boy.

And we all know my famous catchphrase, what's up Hot Dog?

That's right.

I had said it so much and he always thought I was talking to him because his name was Hot Dog.

Yeah, which is weird.

It's a little weird.

He assumed that.

Yeah, so he came by to tell us what was up.

Yeah.

Well, we found out.

Look, you showed the bat signal in the sky.

Batman is going to come by.

Batman is not going to look at the bat signal and say, that's probably not for me.

We found out that Hot Dog is actually a singer and he was auditioning for Sean on a very aspiring.

Yeah.

And he was auditioning for Sean on a and so we'll hear a little bit more about that.

Well, very quickly, go to Wikipedia, look up Sean on a and then listen to this clip.

You'll see a little bit about Woodstock.

That's right.

And here we go.

Let's hear number three.

Number three.

Well, what was your name again, Hot Dog?

Of course, that's my name, Hot Dog.

I'm saying, what's up?

What's up?

What's your birth name?

No, no, I changed my name to Hot Dog back in the back of my water skiing days.

Wait a minute.

You just say that like we know what you're talking about.

That's out of left field for us.

What do you mean?

At what point in your 56 years have you ever water skied?

I was, oh, back when water skiing was king in the 60s out here.

Is that what happened in the 60s?

The 60s water skiing was king.

So in the 50s, rock and roll was king.

Oh, sure it was.

60s water skiing to go for rock and roll?

Yeah, yeah, rock and roll, absolutely after the big bobber died.

Oh, I remember that.

Yeah.

Buddy Holly and all them.

Nobody knew where to turn and the answer was water skiing.

And that's what the 60s was all about water skiing.

There was a war out here between the water skiers and the surfers.

I did not know that.

Water skiing came out on top and water skiing was king throughout the 60s.

And I was the number one water skiing hot dog.

I got a Wikipedia of this because this seems jagged out.

Check it out on whatever you want.

I kind of remember this period.

There were bands who sang about the whole scene.

There were bands that played on water skis.

I think you think of the beach boys and they talked about surfing.

I don't think so.

I'm remembering it differently.

There were water skiing bands.

Water skiing bands?

Yeah, that's absolutely right.

And they would mainly play the organ and piano.

Yep.

Not wild water skiing.

Of course, wild water skiing.

Oh, you know what?

I remember when they used to make those pyramids where like there would be a water ski and the lower one.

Yeah.

Truck.

Truck's good.

You have a song for a truck?

No, we don't have it.

We'll be quiet.

What do I keep on trucking?

No, no.

We have moment of silence for a truck.

Alright, let's go ahead.

I feel like if you don't have a song for a truck, you shouldn't have one for an airplane.

I agree.

Yeah, I was the number one water skiing hot dog for a while there in the 60s after water skiing beat the truck.

And you said you got your nickname from water skiing?

Yeah, because I was a hot dog.

Oh, you're fancy on it.

I was a water skiing hot dog.

Oh, I got it.

Not that you were an actual hot dog that water ski.

No, I was never a day.

And any, no, I had no time was I an actual hot dog that a person could eat.

But you've always been a person.

You could be one in the future, right?

Well, you know something.

That's funny you should say that because that is in my last Willent Testament.

Really?

Yes.

Who will turn after I die, turn me into a not just one hot dog.

Is it Stan Lee?

Turn me into a lot of different ways.

Who is it?

It seems like a superhero.

It's like now it's a guy who will actually like cut you open and grind you up in the he operates out on a boat in international waters because it's not legal, but he will turn a dead body to anything that you request.

That's amazing.

Anything whatsoever.

Some people, yeah, he does human taxidermy.

So if you want to have a loved one smart sort of posed in your living room for all time.

That's good.

He'll do that.

That's not.

Who do you want to eat you as a hot dog?

Would it be one of the shot on our guys?

One of them I eat you as a hot dog.

All of them have lost their teeth and their ability to feed.

Oh no, they look great.

John Bell.

No, no, no, no.

I'm saying in this scenario.

John Bell's a bad man has broken his mouth from fitting his fist inside of it.

Thank you.

So he punched out his own teeth.

So nobody in the chat and I can eat you.

Who would you like to eat you?

Oh, I see what you're saying.

Yeah, yeah.

You know, I just want to, I tell you what, I just want to be served randomly to customers and intermingled in with other hot dogs so they don't know they're eating me.

Okay.

I wouldn't mind, I wouldn't mind for my ex-wife to eat me.

You've just the first time brought her up.

Oh yeah, when were you married to her?

I'm telling my ex what, eat me for a long time.

I got it.

Still got it.

Still got it hot dog.

That's a decent joke.

Still got it hot dog.

Yeah.

That counts as a joke.

I am going to be turned into a bunch of hot dogs.

The guy can't tell me right now how many hot dogs I'm going to be.

I would say you would make about 27 hot dogs.

I'll tell you right now and 25 of them are your thighs.

Mm-hmm.

The rest of them.

That's massive.

You've got to get too hot dogs to the rest of your person.

Most of me is below the waist.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

You know what, you're talking an awful lot about what's going to happen to you when you die.

Is there any kind of a...

You seem depressed.

Yeah, you seem depressed to me.

That's the first thing I would say hot dog.

I'm not depressed.

Everything is looking up for me because I've got my audition next week for Shana.

No, that doesn't go so good.

You've been through that a couple times already.

If that does not go well.

You've been through that a couple times.

What?

You've been through that a couple times.

Yeah, I've been through that a couple times.

Can I do a depression test that we actually do?

I think we've actually done this before.

I've been through that a couple times.

I'm going to ace it because I've got this audition coming up and everything is looking rosy for me.

Okay, I'm going to give you two options.

Okay.

You're going to pick which one you would prefer and Scott will tell you if you're depressed.

Okay.

You ready?

Yeah.

Would you rather have a dove?

Have a dove.

Or a noose.

Well, what am I going to do with a dove?

Okay.

You know what I mean?

No.

See, this is a warning.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, just the opposite.

Scott evaluates when you're done, so.

I don't like the idea of keeping him in a cage, right?

You know what I'm saying?

I would like to set him free, but then I can't appreciate him.

Now, a noose, you don't have any responsibilities.

You don't have to feed it.

You know what I'm saying?

You don't have to make a decision like that, whether it should be free or imprisoned.

You know?

A lot like a human being should maybe be free and not imprisoned.

No, that's right.

The soul should not.

Yeah.

And the noose can help with that.

Okay.

Evaluate, Scott.

See, this is a warning sign to me.

How's this a warning sign?

Well, you've gotten very depressed in the last five minutes and then you talk about this audition if it doesn't go well and quite frankly, from after hearing your saying.

I'm not warmed up or anything like that.

Hot dog, calm down, hot dog.

First of all, calm down.

Okay, Scott.

Don't tell me that.

This guy just told me he doesn't think my shot on all does.

It's going to go great.

It has to go great or what has to go.

Your thighs are bulging or you guys are going to get a box of hot dogs next week.

Oh, no.

Yeah, that's right.

You said you didn't want him to go to specific people.

You said random people.

You know I changed my mind.

That's not a definite change.

I'm just not going to eat the hot dog if I get one.

I don't know which one is yours.

Oh, really?

I've never received loose hot dogs in my life.

Yeah, I'll just toss the whole box.

If you receive in the mail a box full of hot dogs next week, you're not going to eat them.

I'm telling you, it's very appetizing.

I don't know.

I might eat them.

We'll finger out the ones that you're in and not.

I find it hard to turn down a nice hot dog.

Really?

I really do.

He's going to be very homosexual.

He's going to be nice hot dogs.

Don't say that.

Well, I'm going to turn them down.

I'm going to turn them down.

Okay, hot dog.

Hypothetically.

All right.

So, I'm going to turn them down.

I'm going to turn them down.

This is another one of our freestyle wrap contests.

We heard the first one in our previous top five.

What do I first say?

The very first one with Paul Rudd and David Wayne and Ken Marino.

This was a really great one.

This was Amy Poehler drop by the show and a curious gentleman named David Fine, an older comedian came by and we all did a freestyle wrap contest.

Let's listen to that.

It's time for our freestyle wrap battle.

Okay.

Today's topic is going to be back to school.

Oh boy.

It's September.

I'll start off and then we'll just go around the room.

Here we go.

Whenever I can get that beat.

All right.

Here we go.

Okay.

All right.

Could you turn my headphones up?

Sure.

Yeah.

I'll do that personally.

No problem.

Could you turn my headphones up?

Yeah.

Turn my headphones up.

Go turn my headphones up.

Go turn my headphones down.

Could you please turn my headphones down?

It's very loud right now.

Well my name's Scotty D and I am no fool so it's time to tell you you've got to go back to school and when I say I'm not a fool it means I'm not a fooler and that means that you've got to go buy a ruler.

Pro tractor that's a fact you've got to buy some supplies and if you do then you go to school and it makes you really wise and then you sit and know you don't got to listen to someone called a preacher.

It's a teacher.

So when you sit there then each of you is going to have to listen to all the things like math and science and also a little thing that we like to call math science and so when you sit there and you sit there on your butts I hope that school don't drive your nuts.

Amy.

Well I'm home schooled now from my mom and dad's and I like it so much and it makes me glad because the teach me things like arithmetic and how to make bacon in the sink and I like to go in the car and drive real fun driving a farm.

My mom and my dad's and my teachers cause and I know that the sun is made out of cheese and the moon is made of giant big ball yarn that goes down and the ink goes up in the morning and everybody causes an alarm and they say hey oh jump off the roof, hey oh jump off the roof into the pool and get paralyzed.

But don't forget to open your eyes and check out the sun and the ball of yarn makes up the moon.

Where are you going?

Alright David.

My name is David Fine.

Everything is fine.

I use a ruler to draw a line.

The time I went to school and I fell down the stairs.

They said David get up and I said where is where?

I don't know how to go from hall A to hall B to hall C to hall D to hall A. I've gone in a circle in one hallway.

Where do I go now?

The infirmary.

I've got strep throat.

I've got chicken pox.

I've got liver cancer.

That's a big deal.

Alright.

Alright good rap battle.

Thank you.

David has a talent that we found.

He does.

Yeah maybe you should get into this instead of you.

I've tried it.

I went on the road.

I went on the road doing freestyle rap battles.

I was opening for Dana Glover's and Childish Bambinos.

Oh my god.

God I love them.

That was such a humble young man.

That was stressful for you.

I don't mean to stress.

No it was great.

It was exhilarating.

It was to be sandwiched between two fine rap artists like you two.

You're giving me a little more credit than I deserve.

I'll take it.

If I remember one word it's a successful rap right?

And you did say pro track.

I just say pro track.

The only thing I could think of and then I panicked.

You also rhymed math with math science.

Which was quite skillful.

Funny.

I think liver cancer is a big deal.

One of my favorite lines.

Freestyle rap.

That did not make our top ten.

That episode did just bubble dunder.

It was like a liberal ever.

Ooh and underbobbler.

But I did want to highlight that clip because that's really funny.

That brings us now to number two.

It's getting closer and closer.

And number two.

Right.

Pooh.

Actually in the countdown this is actually number nose.

Oh that's right.

Those would be number nose.

Number nose.

Alright.

And this was from episode 99.

The Laina of episodes.

99.

The Barbara Felden of episodes as well.

I went Laina who was like 99.

That much.

That Wonder Brothers the other day I was walking by stage hands loading a truck and didn't know them at all and just heard what I'm going like.

What was that one German song that that girl did?

It was something about it was supposed to be like nuclear war.

And I went Naina.

99 left the balloons.

Yeah, yeah that's it.

Shut up faggot.

No, they were very happy.

And then when I walked back the other way he was like, no was the band name Naina or was just the girl named Naina.

I said it was just the girl.

And if you recall it have a name in the video she listed her arm several times and had armpit hair.

Oh no.

Freaked me out when I was 12.

Oh I love it.

So you're a bit hot.

You know it's got a troll.

Yeah it's got that coominy smell.

Gross.

This is from episode 99.

This was our friend Pat Nausewald came on the show and every time on the show it seems I tried again into a mono a mono in depth one on one interview.

Exclude a mono a mono exclude.

Exclude is.

Yeah.

And it always gets derailed but it's weird that that happens.

Our good friend Don D'Amello.

Oh boy.

Came back.

You heard him earlier on the Christmas show.

Don D'Amello came back and he has a new venture and a children's theater that he was talking about.

Oh no.

We're not kidding me.

So let's hear a little bit of that.

This is clip number two.

I'm sorry what other now I'm I don't know why I'm asking this.

You've been in theater more than I'm assuming more than 18 years.

Not just doing the rock.

I started out in the peep shows down in Midtown and I worked with some very sexy and classy girls there and then opening came up at Radio City and I brought my girls over there and they became a rock hunch.

And but have you ever done and is this your first actual play?

Have you done other plays?

Well let's see.

Have I done other plays?

Yeah I did a production of Beauty and the Beast.

Oh.

What was that?

Where was that?

That was out there in Connecticut.

I did it.

Oh okay.

And a church and was a church basement production of Beauty and the Beast.

Church basement?

Yeah that's right and there were a lot of different beasts.

We got a lot of beasts in there.

Was that a sort of like a Greek chorus as well?

Triple cast?

It was real animals.

We got all kinds of real animals in there because I had an agreement with the petting zoo.

What kind of agreement?

Yeah what was it?

What kind of handshake deal went on between you guys?

I was supplying them with some things that those guys needed and in return their animals were on loan for the show and we got some girls like animals.

I'm sorry.

Because the Beauty and the Beast is about a guy that's turned into a beast and a woman has to kiss him and fall in love with him to turn him back into a human.

Yeah yeah sure she does.

She's got to really show her affections for these beasts.

If she wants to turn him back into a prince.

That was a good show.

The mind reels.

How would that show end?

Did the Beast ever turn into a happy ending?

I'm sorry let me re-roll that.

I was pretty happy yeah.

But you know what's funny about that is and we didn't catch it until the end of the run.

At no time was there ever a transformation back into a person.

Just didn't catch that?

We just forgot about it because we were having so much fun with this section with a fall in love.

They show their affections for each other.

And they didn't seem to be any way.

Anything after that would have been an attack on a back day.

The very definition.

That's right.

There was no place to go after you.

We got this poor girl.

Oh this poor girl.

You just got it really emotional again.

She okay or she's not okay.

She's not okay.

Oh my gosh this is the only time I've ever seen you actually.

Yeah she was a good kid.

She didn't know that they were going to be quite so many animals.

She found there just be one.

She would be honest with you.

She thought it was going to be an actor and a mask.

And I kind of spring it on her.

We got a lot of different animals.

How many performances are there?

We were in that show for 18 months.

Wow.

In this church.

How were there any of us off-teaking words?

Yeah.

What were the reviews like?

Were there like scathing?

These reviews were absolutely scathing.

One after another and the police were involved and yeah we had to start doing it at odd times.

We had to start running the show just sort of what you call like a flesh mob or whatever.

We had to just announce the people attempting now.

Get down here.

And this was quite a long time ago it sounds like.

How do you announce to your fans something like that?

We had to go door to door.

We had to go door to door and knock on people's houses so we had reason to believe we'd be pretty supposed to enjoy this show.

Families who are happening right now.

Yeah, she was a family.

That's right.

All right.

How many people?

Did you ever have like, I mean 18 months in a small Connecticut town I'm assuming where there were pete customers?

A lot of repeat customers.

Yeah, a lot of people coming from out of town.

People coming up from Mexico.

Why would people come up from Mexico to Connecticut?

It seems like there's a lot more of that kind of thing going on.

Yeah, yeah.

But not like this baby.

This was the best of the best and they would come down from Canada.

People would come up from all over the world to check out this show.

It got to be a real sensation.

Yeah, I have to tell you know Disney sued us.

We did get sued by Disney.

But I thought Beauty and the Beast was in public domain.

Yeah, I thought so too.

Well we put Disney's Beauty and the Beast.

Oh yes.

See that's probably where they got it.

Yeah, that's where they got you.

The one hit up in your plan.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, what are you going to do?

I don't know.

So, but it sounds like you came out of that unscathed or did you?

You were, you seemed to bounce back okay and you're still producing stuff.

Yeah, I'm still out there doing stuff.

Yeah, yeah, they can't stop me.

You know, we ended up not making a dime from it by the time we settled with Disney.

They confiscated all the tapes of the show.

We taped everyone.

Well, you were taping all the shows?

All the shows.

And now they're in the Disney vault, you know.

I hope they open that up.

God, that would be good.

Because now with Blu-ray.

Yeah, you know.

They opened the vault from time to time.

Maybe they'll let it out.

I'd love to see like song of the south on Blu-ray.

Oh, goodness.

Yeah, that would be really great.

Disney's Beauty and the Beast directed by John Develle.

I don't know if they would call it Disney's Beauty and the Beast.

It's just a black and white camera footage of the Connecticut mayor.

So now, so you're in previews now.

I don't want to be pessimistic.

I wish you the best for the production.

But if by some chance it doesn't make its full run and like do you have anything lined up?

I know you're saying you'll be back in Manhattan next year with the Rockettes.

But what if you have like six or seven months of downtime and anything else lined up or?

Yeah, that's a good question.

I'm thinking of doing a production of B2P.

Mm-hmm.

Now out here or just whoever will have you.

Well, the plan now is to try and do it on a boat in international waters so that we can.

Uh-huh.

Have a little more fun with it.

Okay, well, I guess what's going on here.

What's your conception of pea?

Because usually it's, it isn't, Peter Pan isn't the part usually played by a woman.

Usually played by a woman because a young teenage boy can't handle the constraints of the parts.

Right.

And you know, there'd be laws governing how many shows they can do.

Right, right.

And so like to do eight or ten per week.

Nothing but limits.

Suck it out on the water.

We can do whatever we want.

One of the things I keep saying is how come we have to hear about Captain Hook getting his hand bit off by a crocodile?

Why can't we see it?

Mm-hmm.

So I'd like to see that.

So you want that, you want like a little prequel action.

Right.

But we find out how he lost his hand.

Which means if for every production we're going to need a different hook.

Captain Hook.

You know, that's a way, way, way, way.

You want it, be, wouldn't you just have an actor and you'd have like a fake hand and he would get it bitten, you know that.

Does that sound very interesting to you?

I don't know.

You know what I'm saying?

That I could do on land.

I'm going to go out to the water and get a guy out there playing Captain Hook and get a crocodile.

And see what, how, if we can get the crocodile and bite his hand off at the beginning of the show.

No, if you can train crocodiles to specifically just bite the guy's hands off.

Was that, is that where the drugs would come in or?

Well, you'd wrap whatever crocodiles eat around his hand.

You know what I'm saying?

Yeah, I'm not sure what the...

What a crocodile is.

I think they'd eat humans so he would be dangling the whole thing.

You could wrap another human around.

Well, no.

I don't know.

You'd have to figure out something.

Some bloody meat.

That's not your under your purview though.

You have technical advisors for that kind of...

I got an animal guy.

Yeah, I got an animal guy I've been working with ever since that show in Connecticut.

Oh, okay.

Wow.

But bad on heroin.

That's another kind of hook that could be there as well.

Yeah, that's right, huh?

Maybe they call him Captain Hook because...

Think of it that way.

I mean, he's hooked.

Right.

Well, these guys are going to need to...

You know, we're going to have to get them out of the water somehow.

He's got to be easy.

You don't really know what you would do.

I don't know what your take would be on a show about a magical flying homaphrodite that comes to children in the night and then whisk them away into the darkness.

I mean, I don't really see that.

Who's the homaphrodite?

Is that Tinkerbell?

Well, isn't it like...

Oh, meaning Peter Pan.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, he's pretty wholesome.

I mean, I don't know what you would...

One of my ideas is that he has deluded himself into thinking he can fly.

He can't fly.

And he convinces all of these children he can fly.

He just plummets.

And he steps out the window of the nursery and then plummets into the water from a high distance, you know.

So that's a laugh right there.

That's a laugh like...

You like to plan out the laugh while you're sitting there and you're sitting there and I see a triple and then the kids fall and pull me into the water.

Sure, sure.

You get some laughs on there.

A lot of gags.

Oh, yeah, you got to have the gags on there.

So this is going to be a Disney's Peter Pan out on international waters.

Okay.

And then I would imagine then it's pretty much just the same storyline.

Peter Pan rallies against Captain Hook, forms kind of an army of children.

Yeah, a lot of children.

Please don't be saying what I think really would not.

I don't...

I mean, there are a lot of things we joke about on this show.

But that is one that I find to be almost off limits.

Not quite but almost.

Well, I think we're going to have girls playing the children.

If that makes you feel any better.

Probably.

Yeah, probably.

Nice adult girls.

Oh, wait, adult girls playing the young boys.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

That's the idea.

Yeah, for Peter Pan?

Peter Pan, that's a good question.

Yeah, because it's been done that way.

Peter Pan has been played by a girl.

Yeah.

I don't know.

No, I think I won three or four girls playing Peter Pan.

I might be...

I see what a few teenage boys in there.

G.A. boys maybe.

Wait a minute.

No, no, I'm on your side.

Yeah, I know.

Okay.

But what would be that...

I'm just sorry, but what would be the way that Peter Pan would rally and manipulate these girls playing boys into being in his army?

Well, I think it's been done that he's got a sword.

I think he should have a whip.

I want to see him with a cat of nine tails to spur the lost boys on against Captain Hook.

And maybe we'll go ahead and call him the lost girls.

This might be a little bit better because I've known a lot of lost girls in my time.

A lot of lost girls.

I'll model him after that.

What...

I recall you having a signature phrase when you worked with the rockets.

Would this be a similar kind of anger?

You're not the girls.

Yeah.

Yeah, that's right.

Anytime anything is boring in one of my shows, we bring out the girls.

If I see the audience nodding off, whatever's going on, I say, bring out the girls.

And a lot of the time, you know, in this Cinderella production, we've got a whole pen full of girls.

A pen?

Yeah, I keep them in a pen.

And you know, if the production legs at any moment, I'll just say, bring out the girls.

And they'll come out.

Then you kind of open up the gate of the pen.

Open up the pen, yeah.

Yeah, and we just come spilling out.

Yeah, and we're going to keep some water and snacks on the stage so that's where they go, you know, because they'll be thirsty.

And they get out there and do some dancing or something.

Now, does the fairy tale theatre...

I've...

I got to listen, I hate to interrupt, but you know, I get...

Now that I have a daughter, I have a lot of...

I get a lot of mailings for children's theatres and children's theatres.

Oh, well, this show is for you.

I'm just saying that normally we would get flyers and stuff from the fairy tale theatre.

And we just...

I just realized we got one the other day and it's the...

It is the one for Cinderella.

Oh, good.

But there's no image.

Was there...

It's like they just said Cinderella and there...

Look like there might have been an image on there, but there's nothing there.

That's one of the conflicts.

That's one of the conflicts right there.

Yeah, well, we had the three goat girls...

They're not there and they're pleasuring some guy.

What?

I'm sorry on...

Go ahead.

And in the distance is a party going on in the castle and they're sort of casting their gaze at the castle, you know, sort of like I wish I could go to that party while they're pleasuring this guy.

And then you've got...

We had the nude fairy godmother up in the corner.

They're superimposed into the picture.

Like she's on the way to the rescue with her magic wand.

And it's told the story of the whole show.

Do you have the people in the castle looking back at the three goat girls saying I wish I could be at that party too, so it's almost like...

Right.

Or is their party even better than theirs?

Oh, the party?

Well, once we get to the...

Yeah, now that's crazy.

Once we get to the actual party, the Prince Charming is throwing.

I hate to ask, but what goes on at the party?

Yeah.

I mean, what could be crazier than what you described as small.

It's an absolute bachanal.

It's an insane orgy of everything you've ever wanted to see.

One thing you want to see.

I mean, I just made it to Children's Theater, like maybe some nice dancing or...

Yeah, some pretty dancing ball gowns.

No, you're not going to see that.

I'm going to see any ball.

They're some dancing.

Oh, I love the scene where the clock is striking midnight and she has to run away and she leaves her glass slipper.

Oh, yeah, right.

So how do you guys do that?

I bet that's just wonderful, right?

Yeah, she leaves behind all three of her pasties.

Including the...

Patton Pending Pussy pasty.

Oh, shit.

Oh, boy.

Yeah.

So, you know what?

I mean, it's going to be very memorable.

Okay.

And kids are going to love it and parents are going to love it.

It's not one of these things where the parents are sitting there going, oh, yeah, this is just for kids.

You know what I'm saying?

They're saying if this is not for kids, nor anyone else.

Well, it's the story.

I mean, this is an enduring classic story, you know, the story is Cinderella and the story is intact.

So it's that's the effort.

I see your point on that.

I mean, I guess the basic structure is still there and a good story is a good story.

Yeah, Peter wants to be a princess.

You know what's funny though?

You think of it?

We never do get to the ending.

He never...

You know what?

That's funny.

I just realized that Bell, we never get to the point because it's climactic after the orgy at the party where she goes, you know, and then the clock strikes 12 and she runs out and leaves all of her pasties and she runs through the audience and interacts with the audience.

And then that's the end.

That's how we're ending our production.

Interactive theater.

Very interactive.

Now, I've never actually heard of the fairy tale theater in Pasadena.

Is this a real place?

Or...

Oh, they have a long tradition of doing wonderful productions for exclusively just for children.

Right.

Yes.

Hence the fair tale theater.

Garbage.

I went to see their Hansel and Gretel and I'm like, this is going to be a good one.

They're literally taking captive.

You know what I'm saying?

They're giving candy.

Yes.

This is going to be interesting.

All right.

You know, they give bondage.

They played with none of it.

They told it exactly the way you read it a thousand times.

Nothing for daddy.

Number two.

Ah boy.

Dawn, you scamp.

I think that's...

It's very mild for what...

Yeah, maybe...

There's a behavior that's larger.

You're just suggesting human beings.

Yeah.

Is that all better?

Yeah.

He should roast and help.

Should I call him the N-word?

Is that what you're suggesting?

Oh, I'm maybe not doing that far.

Too far.

I...

Ugh.

Yeah, take that deaf people.

You net a file.

Well, guys, we are at the end of our countdown.

It can't be, Scott.

It can't be.

We only have one left.

I don't want it to ever end.

And make up some integers.

We may be counting down to zero.

This is one.

Yeah.

No, this is our last clip.

Let's hear that.

It's number one.

Number one.

This, by the way, this clip was voted on two to one from our top...

Our number ten episode.

What does that mean?

It got twice as many votes as our number ten episode.

Wow.

By an overwhelming margin, this is what you have to create as the best episode of the year.

Surely I am in it.

Surely you are not.

Oh.

And I'm so sorry, but you did make the top ten.

Well, yeah.

I guess there's that.

But this was a...

And my health, I guess.

And a lovely wife.

Yeah.

Well, all those things are good.

Everything you guys are saying is good.

You really wanted this.

I really wanted to hear that.

This was a controversial episode.

Some people absolutely love it.

And obviously it's number one.

Obviously.

Some people absolutely hate it, but I love it.

And I think you're in for a treat.

And this is when radar finally sticks up for himself.

I think it's when Penny got burned with the iron.

Oh no.

Yeah.

This is episode 120, Farts and Procreation.

This was when we had Adam Scott.

He is our second two time person.

No, no, he wasn't in the actual countdown twice.

That was a bonus clip.

So Andy, you have that distinction of being the only person in two.

Oh, that's right.

We have our good friend Adam Scott.

This is our Parks and Recreation special.

Our good friend Adam Scott from The Cast.

Yes.

We have our girls.

Right.

We're not a good friend.

Our great friend Chelsea Peretti.

Sure.

Absolutely.

And it was a late night and we got really weird.

And Harris had been doing this character on previous episodes called Jack from the Lumber Yard.

He worked at the Lumber Yard.

Yeah.

You're being very generous by calling that a character.

He wanted to bring it back and Adam, he and Adam revealed that they were in a two person show together playing brothers in the Lumber Yard.

Brose.

And that is our top clip of the year.

So let's hear it.

This is Farts and Procreation episode 120 number one.

Number one.

All right.

So and your name is Brian.

Well, my character's name is Brian.

Let us know if we've entered.

Okay.

So do you need to do anything to prepare for this?

Well, I'll we'll do the entrance.

Okay.

All right.

Creek.

Slam.

Sit.

Hello.

Hey, Hey, Jack.

Well, it's great to it's great to meet you.

But well, I mean, Jack, you and I have met before indeed.

And Brian, this is our first time meeting.

It is.

Hi.

It's great to great to meet you both.

So now you're you were we're taping this at night.

Are you coming from a long day at the lumberyard?

Yeah.

Well, I mean, I work today.

Jack, Jack worked as well.

Not too long.

It was pretty normal.

Nine to five.

Well, nine to five 30.

I got into eight 45.

I just had a little little bit of work to do before.

Right.

And then I had a little bit after.

So I stayed a half hour late.

I'm surprised.

I mean, I would think I just want to jump in for a second.

I would think that.

What's.

Oh, I'm so sweet.

Hi.

Nice to meet you both.

Hello, Jack, Brian.

Cool flannels.

My question is I feel like when did you get up at 6 a.m.

and be like having coffee and cutting down trees earlier in the day?

Well, maybe if we were if we worked if we were lumber men lumberjacks lumberjacks being in the lumber trade, we think you would know these terms.

I do that sexually what we call it on the yard.

Oh, I do lumber men.

Yeah.

But we work at the lumber yard.

The lumber has already been cut down.

Yeah, it's already been treated in Greece.

I do a lot of administrative stuff.

Hmm.

Night's payroll or payroll and just general like some HR and just general.

Yeah, I get human resources.

Yeah, I do.

I do the lion's share of the hiring and the firing.

Okay.

Are you high?

Right now.

What?

No, no, no, Jack doesn't get high, Jack.

Oh, sorry.

I have three lovely girls.

Okay, no offense.

How old are your girls?

32, 32, then 35.

Wait, you have two and 35.

Yes.

So that's quite a that's quite a gap between the 30 year old and the two year old.

Some are a little miracle.

Wait, 32, two, what is it?

No, 30 years old.

Two years old.

And 35.

Normally people do it in descending order.

35, 30, oh, and then we just had one little two year old.

Yeah, it's disorienting.

You say 32 and 35.

We don't know what to think.

They are beautiful girls.

Do you have a family?

I'm hoping to start one soon.

My wife, Patrice is.

Patrice is.

Patrice is Jack's sister.

Well, really?

Yeah, that's how we came to know each other.

Not working at the lumberyard?

Well, no, that's how I got the job at the lumberyard.

Oh, great.

So your kids will be related?

Well, yeah, they'll be cousins.

That's fun though, right?

Well, yeah, it's a really good job.

No, I mean, having kids that are.

Anyway, well, we don't have kids yet.

We're hoping to start a family soon.

Best of luck.

Thank you.

Marjorie.

Marjorie, my wife, is his sister.

Well, so then you're really going to share a lot of DNA, those kids.

Wait a minute.

Patrice is.

And Marj, and Marj.

Wait, Jack's sister and Marjorie is my sister.

Okay.

Interesting.

So how did you not know each other before?

We just had never crossed paths.

And then once you did, it sort of like- Well, I needed a job.

So Jack was kind enough we were having dinner.

Even though you had never met.

No, we had met by this point.

Oh, okay.

But just once before, and we were having dinner at Mayan Patrice's house and Jack said, why don't you come on by and- What were you doing before that?

Like what was your job before?

I worked at Chipotle.

It's good.

Which I love.

That's such a change.

Do you like being outdoors more?

I wanted to get outdoors.

I was a manager at Chipotle.

So I kind of walked away from a really solid job.

But it sounds like you didn't have anything to walk out to because you said you needed a job.

Well, I just was looking for a change.

Oh, I see.

So Jack said, why don't you come on down?

And now he works there.

He handles the pine and the ply and the luon and the derbies, the pine wood derby cars.

Wait a minute, the pine wood.

You guys make pine wood derby cars.

For the Cub Scouts and stuff.

Oh, okay.

And that's strictly under your purview?

Yeah, I'm in charge of that.

That's your valley wig.

After a while, he showed that he was up to it and I gave him the pine wood derby.

He gave him the Scouts account.

He gave him the big Scouts account.

We make quite a few of those every year.

How many?

12.

12 per year.

But that's, I mean, they take a long time.

Yeah, well, we focus on one per month because they're 12 months every year.

So as soon as the derby is over, you get right back in there and you start thinking.

Yeah, I'm doing other stuff concurrently.

Yeah.

You know, what's funny, this is a comedy program.

I can tell you a funny story.

But sure, I'd love to hear one.

A customer came in and said, I want four 2x4s.

They just needed four 2x4s?

Four of them.

And you said they were building a table.

Right.

And you said, what about an 8x16?

Well, what's funny is that it seems like they might come up short building a table.

That kind of pertains to the humor of it is that an actual measurement of a 2x4 is a quarter inch shorter on each side.

And so it's technically a one and three force by three and three force.

So he, and so I was like, you were like, oh, sorry, my vernacular.

Yeah, it seemed to be atypical which is the way you usually talk.

So I told the fellow, are you sure you need, do you need exactly 2x4 or do you need one three quarter, three and three quarters?

And then Brian was there and he laughed and it was funny.

So yeah, wait, that's the end of the story?

Well, it's a good lumber story.

Yeah, if you're a lumber man.

For a lumber story, it's good.

If you're a lumber man, then yeah.

Did he end up getting what he wanted or did he leave dissatisfied?

No, he was, he left happy.

We, everyone always leaves happy from Carl's.

That's our, that's what it says.

Who is Carl again?

My father.

Your father.

Would be my father-in-law.

Father-in-law.

Okay.

And so you'd known him for a while.

Well, he passed on.

Oh, okay.

Sorry.

The tree fell on him.

A tree fell on him?

Well, it's stack of lumber.

It used to be a tree.

So a former tree fell on him.

We call it trees, but it's for you guys, it's just lumber.

Did he, did he see it?

Have we called paper trees?

Yeah.

Call pretty much anything, a camera tree tree.

Bring down three trees.

Just saying, bring down the equivalent of three trees.

Or like, or like, that's like several thousand pencils.

Yeah, bring down, bring down all the trees and it's just a giant thing of a container filled with, with cars.

That's, look.

The cubs got cars.

Oh, the pine wood derby cars.

You keep them all in a giant container.

Yeah, we keep at one tree's equivalent of pine wood derby cars and per container.

Okay, so maybe about four and a half cars.

It's four thousand cars.

Oh.

Or to make up one tree.

Wait, once you're done with the cars, you keep them or?

We keep them.

Yeah, we make twelve per year and we keep them.

How many till four thousand?

We're selling four thousand of the boy scouts in twenty years.

Interesting.

And also my math is off there.

Yeah.

So it could be like three hundred years.

Really interesting operations that go in there down at Carl's.

Also we opened a other sister store.

It's Carl's Jr.

It is.

And what do you sell there?

Lumber.

Oh, okay.

It is.

Carl's Jr.

It is called Carl's Jr.

It is.

I'm crying.

You're crying?

I'm crying.

I'm wearing a Carl's Jr.

Oh my god.

Yeah.

I'm not sure.

You're so sorry.

Jack, Jack are you okay?

Jack.

Oh my god.

He's having a manic episode.

Just wait.

Wait, it was your dad that died.

I thought it was your dad.

It was his father-in-law.

Father-in-law.

Oh.

It was Jack's dad.

Patricis is.

Did you feel like you had said everything you had to say to him before he went?

I know.

No.

I did not.

There's a lot left unsaid.

Father and son really shipped very complicated.

Yeah.

And I think you would probably disagree with him about adding that whole hamburger to the Carl's Jr.

Yes.

He thought if we're just going to sell lumber, people might confuse it with the Carl's Jr.

hamburger.

Right.

So let's- But that's good.

They'll come there.

And then I'll buy- And then he goes wanting burgers.

They'll come there.

And he said, so we'll sell burgers too.

And then it was right at that moment that he died.

Yeah.

After he had signed a contract.

Yeah.

And then also there was just drama.

He wanted thirteen Pinewood cars made a year.

And then me and Brian really had it.

What?

But he also had a crazy idea to change the Gregorian calendar to thirteen months a year, right?

He did and he did it.

He did it.

Yeah.

He was successful.

Yeah.

The modern Gregorian calendar that people still use is now thirteen months.

Yeah.

Definitely.

Because of Carl.

This is Jr.

The hamburgers.

Oh, I should not say his last name was Jr.

Right.

And so your last name is Jr.

Right.

Jack's Jr.

Jr.

Yes.

Not just Jr. but Jr.

SJU and ILR.

Did Patrice's keep her maiden name?

Or is she hyphenated?

No, she took my name.

And what is your last name?

Pieces.

So her name is Patrice's Pieces.

Yeah.

Okay.

So Brian, do you want to know what my father's name was?

Yeah, I'd love to hear it.

I'm going to talk about this.

All right.

This is a crazy family.

Yeah.

There's a lot.

There's a lot here.

So a lot more going on than the last time Jack stopped by.

A lot more drama.

That is true.

I guess we just really scratched the surface last time.

Yeah.

I can really see how this is coming to life.

You bring someone along, especially someone that's family.

We get along very well.

So the things that are bound to come up.

You guys ever have a fight or any kind of interpersonal conflict?

Sure, sure.

How long have you known each other now?

Fourteen years.

And in those 14 years, some things are bound to come up.

I'm sure maybe describe your biggest fight, your biggest blowout.

Would it have been the forest fire preparedness week we had to deal with?

Yeah.

He slept with Marjorie.

It was during forest fire preparedness.

I don't know why you would describe it, why that comes to mind.

It's a big week for us.

And it gets the blood going.

Yeah, so I ended up sleeping with Marjorie.

But we've definitely...

That's your wife.

That is my wife.

And your sister.

It's my sister.

Oh my God.

Man, I just put that together.

You guys are so great.

You didn't even realize that.

I hope that's why you were so mad.

No, I would have been more in awe or shock than any of the shock and awe.

But I was mad because you slept with my wife.

I didn't even realize.

Yeah, the implications and the...

Boy.

How was it?

It was...

You know, it was my sister.

So it was great.

Wait.

That doesn't necessarily follow.

Well, I mean, if you think about it, you think about...

I'm going to sleep with someone and you think about, oh, my sister, and you would just assume it would be great.

And it was great.

Okay.

I'm not sure I follow that.

I guess it is a sibling thing.

But you guys patched it up though.

How could we refine?

How long ago was that?

We patched her up.

How long ago did that happen?

Six days ago?

Six.

Yeah, force fire prevention week was six days ago.

It was last week.

Yeah, it was last week.

You guys might be in a little bit of shock.

I mean, I feel like you've been through things I can't even imagine.

You watch your dad get hit by lumber and die.

Well, are you...

You opened a new company.

Yeah.

You watched this man have sex with your wife, his sister.

Yes, you watched sex with your sister.

I had to watch.

But you know, you did sleep with Patrice.

I did.

Wait, I mean, you're Patrice's?

Patrice's.

I call her Patrice, but yeah, Patrice.

Your sister?

Yeah.

I just realized that...

Oh, my God.

You really aren't putting together that we...

Hopefully, the familial connections.

That we commit incest.

That's heavy.

I thought you knew that.

I thought that's why this was all so weird.

Have you guys seen Game of Thrones?

Yeah, what?

Did you like it?

I did.

I liked Game of Thrones very much.

I like a lot.

Just Sunday night for me just belongs to HBO.

Just put me in front of a TV and put HBO on and on there.

Yeah, yeah.

Do you want to hear my Shrona parody song about Game of Thrones?

Sure.

Yeah.

♪ Mamoonin' stars, mama mai kalisi ♪ Mm, good.

Now, you're still Jack, right?

Yes?

So, did you guys feel like you super related to a lot of themes in it?

Why, I didn't really pick up on any themes.

I have a question.

Why didn't you guys just marry your own sisters?

It sounds like you...

Come on.

That's what you really wanted to do.

Yeah.

Probably the only reason.

So...

But you're still committing...

Is that illegal to have sex with your sister?

Yes.

As we found out.

Oh, wait.

You guys found out?

You got arrested?

Yes.

Yeah.

Who did?

Well, when it happened, we each called the police on the other one.

Was it happening at the same time?

Yeah.

Same room.

And you were both on the phone at the same time calling the police.

Yeah.

While we were fucking our sisters.

That's just...

Making love.

Did that add to the...

Sorry, Jack.

Sorry about my language.

Yeah.

I'm still your sister.

It's my wife.

We're talking about...

You make love to your wife.

You fuck your sister.

Mm-hmm.

I'll give you that.

It was six days ago.

Six days ago, the police came and then what happened to you guys?

They arrested you.

They put us into assault together down at County.

Were the sisters involved?

Were they arrested too?

They were willing to participate.

They ran and we still have not seen them.

Really?

Yeah.

So they're just out there somewhere?

Yeah.

Do they have their clothes with them?

They have their clothes and we have our money stash buried.

Wait.

Hold on.

He said we have our money stash buried.

What's that?

Yeah.

How does one stash bury something?

Where you stash it by burying it?

Oh, I see.

So, they know where that stash bury is?

It reminds me we should break out that stash buried pie.

Yeah.

I have it.

Okay.

Break it out.

Mm.

That looks good.

All right.

Well, so while we eat the stash buried pie, anything else?

I hope the court case goes well for you guys.

Do you have an arraignment date yet or?

Well, we're suing each other and also it's a civil case.

You're very calm.

You seem pretty like we've got a longer store.

We have a longer store to run.

Right.

Yeah.

So, were the other employees shocked at this, at what transpired or have they heard about it or?

Are there other employees?

No, it's just us.

Oh my God.

That sounds like so claustrophobic.

You got me and a try.

You got him in the pine woods.

That's it.

This operation sounds strange.

You are there hiring and firing people and doing payroll.

It seems like your only responsibilities are three types of wood and then making these cars.

I make cars and I deal with the trees, which is just lumber or cars put into boxes or a stash.

Right, right.

We got this description.

And it's an outdoor store you were saying.

Well, I work the forklift.

I don't know how to work it very well.

Okay.

I'm still learning.

Okay.

I have to organize and stack all of the trees.

So why did you, why, you obviously you needed help at the store.

Did this happen when Carl died?

Is he taking Carl's place?

Yeah.

Well, no one works it.

Carl's junior.

We're late.

We're both at Carl's.

So no one is there making the flip in the burgers or?

Well, there aren't any hamburgers.

That's just the name of the place.

Well, that's the big.

There was a brief period where we sold burgers.

Uh-huh.

That didn't work out.

No one's there.

Is the store open?

It is open.

Just no one's, no one works.

Yeah.

I mean, you could go there right now if you want.

We put it on a jar.

Oh, is this like the owner system?

Yeah.

Wow, guys.

Will you, a couple of interesting characters here.

Thank you.

Should we come out?

Come out.

Should we come out of it?

Oh, oh, meaning should the men inside your bodies who are telling you what to do?

Yeah.

Should you come out and, okay.

Yeah.

Sure.

We're going to go to the table and we're out.

Okay.

So, do we need to be successive knocks or can they?

Or do we need, should we exit?

Yeah, we do.

Okay.

Sorry.

Yeah, we're going to exit.

We're going to get out of here.

It was nice to meet you guys.

Oh, dead out.

Nice to meet you, Brian.

Um, PCs.

And best of luck with your lawsuit and your grieving and your companies.

Thank you.

All right.

Stand up.

Walk out.

Creek.

Slam.

Number one.

Wow.

Oh, my shoulder hurts from high-fiving you guys during that.

Where we ever so young.

Well, that was it guys.

What do you think?

What a year it's been.

I think it's been a great year of comedy bang bang and I look forward to the next year of comedy bang bang.

That's right.

And then it'll be over.

Next year starts on Monday with Andy Richter in an episode.

The devil you say.

Yes.

This is exciting.

We're popping the cherry on 2012.

P in the sea.

Well, I want to thank everyone, first of all, for listening to the show.

It's really the highlight of my week to record these episodes.

And I also want to thank everyone here at the year, Wolf Family, our engineers Dustin and Cyrus, who and also engineer Doug, who did much of the year earlier.

And I want to thank them.

I want to thank, of course, everyone here on the staff.

I could listen to them by name, but I'm afraid of boring people.

Yeah.

And you don't know their names.

But maybe the case.

And also thank Jeff Ulrich, who runs Ear Wolf.

He's been doing a great job this year.

And I think 2012 is going to be a big year for the show.

So I really want you to stick around and hopefully you liked what you heard.

And we will see you next year.

Anything, of course, want to thank Paul of Tonkins and Andy Richter here, my guests.

Thank you.

Congratulations to both of you for being in the top 10.

Thank you.

And we will see you next year, right?

Yes.

Any final words, final thoughts?

Fuck you, deaf people.

Yeah.

All the queens, my ass.

I see you in 2012.

This has been an Ear Wolf Media production.

Executive producers, Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Ear Wolf, radio, boom.

Ear Wolf, come.

Ear Wolf, dead.
