---
layout: page
title: Best of 2013 Pt 2 [25925⧸21150].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

We are counting down the best of 2013, this is numbers 11 through 7 that you have voted for.

This is the best of Comedy Bang Bang.

I have special guest Paul F. Tompkins.

We'll be counting them down all of that more all on today's!

♪♪♪ Comedy Bang Bang, yes!

Part 2!

I want to take you to Part 2!

Undo!

Buh-dah-buh-dah-buh-doh!

Do you know that song?

Big audio dynamite?

I don't.

That is the bottom line on Comedy Bang Bang.

I don't know any of the French words otherwise I would have pronounced them perfectly.

If I knew them, I would have said them.

Undo!

Buh-dah-buh-doh-buh-doh!

Guys, welcome to the best of Part 2.

I am here with our very special guest Paul F. Tompkins.

Sup you guys, I love you.

If this is the first time you're listening to the show, you know what?

Go back, listen to Part 1!

Fuck yourself, and then...

Go to hell!

Okay, listen to Part 1, then go fuck yourself, then go to hell.

Here's what I want you to do.

Go hang yourself, go fuck yourself, go to hell.

You think that they should go fuck themselves after they hang themselves?

Yeah, that's right.

That's right.

I don't know if it would be possible.

In salt, meat, injury.

I don't know.

Guys, we're counting them down.

This is your top 15 along with special clips of a variety that are extra...

In additional nature.

Yes.

I don't want to say it every time.

But my guest here is Paul F. Tompkins.

I've been...

We're counting them down, and Paul is a great friend of the show, even though he refuses to come on it.

Well, I...

I'm the best of...

You know, I wish...

I'm a huge fan of the show.

I wish I could be here more.

But I'm glad that things kind of wind down towards the end of the year, and this is how it works out.

This is the only time I get to see you as well.

I see you once a year.

And this is how I see you, and I pulled up a big bust.

Oh my God, Vila.

Oh, I know Richie.

Oh, we're having fun.

Do you think Lydal Richie was excited?

He was disappointed.

No, he was on that thing.

Really disappointed.

Right.

I would love to hear...

You know the pop-up video about that?

I would love to just hear it.

They didn't talk about it.

I would love to hear just his crestfallen face when he saw what someone created for him.

Like this is supposed to be a beautiful representation of what you look like.

And I like to think that the props department, somebody said, Well, keep in mind, she's supposed to be blunt.

Right.

So she's just done this from just feeling your face.

So if you look at it that way, then it's kind of very flattering.

I would love it if the head of the property department was like, I imagine you as a cross between a monster and a lion.

Here.

They told me you were a monster lion.

Are you not?

Oh, you're a human being?

Who's a singer?

Listen, I've been doing property department stuff for 55 years.

Why is it...

This is my question.

Why is it anytime anyone does a crew guy voice or someone below the line, they do that voice.

Like it's an uncultured person.

To be fair, they're all...

I think because it's like a teamster thing.

Yeah.

There's a lot of guys that do sound like that.

No one on my show.

Not as much here.

No one on my show talks like that.

The property department and my show, Katie Byron, she's great.

She's like, hey, how's it going?

Hey, it's me, Katie.

Go fuck yourself.

Hey, did you see that much last night?

I'm Katie.

I'm a young lady.

Hello, Katie.

So I'll you last night as a matter of fact.

Do you know I love the name Katie?

That's a great name.

That's one of my favorite names.

Really?

I love you have something to announce.

I want you to call me that.

Okay.

I wouldn't hear it more often.

Let me ask you this.

You don't have to say where it is.

Do you have a pet name for your wife that you call her?

My what?

Your wife.

Do you have a pet name for Cool Up?

Yeah, I can say I call her Coop E a lot.

What?

Oh, do you mean like in a loving nature?

No, no, no.

Well, just like a thing that you typically call her because it's every once in a while.

Janie, my wife and I will have to say our names to each other.

Right.

And it's almost as if you're like, why?

It's weird that coming out of your mouth.

Yeah.

Like if I hear her say, Paul, it's very strange.

Yeah.

Well, especially Cool Up is like, Scott, she's got that horrifying Minnesota accent.

She really needs to go to finishing school.

We are counting down your top episodes of the year.

I know I am.

And in this particular best of part two, we are going to hear episodes 11 through seven.

It seems impossible.

How are we going to have seven, eight, nine, ten, eleven?

We'll hear five episodes plus a few bonus clips as well.

So this is going to be exciting.

I'm excited right now.

All right.

I'm so excited.

No, I don't know.

You're hiding it though.

I know.

So you're...

I can hide it.

You're so excited, but you just can hide it.

Yeah, I can.

Control wise, how are you feeling?

Control!

Oh wait.

That's Janet Jackson.

Oh, I'm about to lose it.

How do you feel about that though?

I don't think I like it.

Do you think you like it or you know you like?

I know I like it.

I like it.

Were you going to ask me something before we got off on that ten?

Oh, yeah.

I was going to say I was going to make a statement.

I wish more people were like robots by the way.

And they said...

Statement?

Yes.

How did that...

By the way, who started that?

Who's the science fiction writer that started that trope?

You know like how would that be at all convenience and futuristic if there was an artificial intelligence who had to tell you what type of sentence query?

Because I guess the idea is oh because robot wouldn't be able to modulate its voice.

So it would have to like like spanish when they put the punctuation upside down at the beginning of the sentence just to give you the tip off.

So you know like you don't get whiplashed by the end of it.

Like whoa that turned into a question.

Kind of... the spandudes are kind of smarter than us in that respect.

See?

But they are in that respect.

Like why don't we put punctuation at the beginning of the sentence?

I put the punctuation at the front of the sentence.

Well Chupacopsys?

Okay you were going to say...

By the way you had a statement.

I don't have any prior knowledge of where any of these episodes are in the countdown.

And I feel like last year I had a bit more knowledge before...

Yes this year you have not been checking in.

No.

You have not even gotten out the vote.

I haven't campaigned.

You haven't campaigned at all.

I was going to and then I looked...

I think I re-blogged the earwolf tumbler when they posted it.

But I looked at how many episodes that I was credited in.

And I was shocked.

It was a lot.

Shocking-aw.

I was also odd.

I was shocked and I went aw.

The listeners are awed by your talent Paul.

And speaking of talent let's get to our first clip that has talented people in it.

Not you.

And this is our number 11 clip.

Number one.

One.

All right this is number 11.

This is episode 241.

This is an episode called The Stallone Brothers.

The Stallone Brothers.

This was insane.

This was really crazy.

This was Nick, Croll and Paul Shear both from the league.

You know Nick from Croll Show.

You also know Paul Shear from NTSF.

S-D-S-U-V.

And they are good friends.

They wanted to do this show together.

We didn't plan anything.

And a lot of people wonder is any of this planned?

No.

As a matter of fact we were like what are we going to do?

And we said I don't know.

We'll figure it out.

That was all we talked about.

So this just happened in the middle.

And this is a good chunk of this episode.

I think you're going to enjoy it.

This is most of the episode.

No, it's not.

Oh, I mean not the clip.

Oh, yeah.

But I mean the episode itself.

This happens most of the episode.

This is just a nine minute chunk of it.

But I think you're going to enjoy this.

This is from episode 241.

The Stallone Brothers.

This is your number 11.

Number one.

One.

Wait, he's here.

Hey, Mr. Stallone.

It's less lonely.

Hey.

And Frank.

He freaks to hold you too.

Yeah.

I'm Frank Stallone.

Oh my God, this is such an honor.

Yeah.

Can I ask you guys questions?

Sure.

I've had so many on my mind.

The first thing I've always wanted to ask you.

Sly, I mean I never thought I'd be in the same room with you.

But what's the deal with that tape of you getting a blowjob in your trailer?

Oh, hey.

You got a...

You don't got to answer it, Rock.

I don't got to answer it.

I mean Sly.

You confuse him with his character Rocky.

Sometimes.

You grew up with him.

Yeah.

I still got my singing career.

Oh, that's right.

I'd love to hear your song from Stayin' Alive.

Oh, baby.

Do you know what that is?

It's time for sex.

That is a great song.

One of my favorites.

It just gets right to the point.

What's weird about that song?

It's a real fucking challenge.

It's a real talent.

What's weird about that song is it's no longer than that.

It just is that and it's rocketing to the top of the church.

We were the Twitter of songs before even Twitter existed.

Only 19 seconds, but it just gets in, gets out, does what it needs to do.

You tell them Rams.

Rams.

Oh, I think it's a Rams.

My buddy knocked him in the head one too many times when we were little kids tonight.

I got a dead in my head.

I got a dead in my head from when Sly hit me in the head so hard.

It's like a...

I can't remember.

I can't remember anything.

I call Hamburgers.

I call Hamburgers houses.

Houses?

I call Hamburgers houses.

Well, they're not.

They're clearly not.

I know, but I got hit in the head.

I get to remember.

We call houses.

I call houses hot dogs.

What?

What do you call hot dogs?

That's the thing I call hot dogs Marvin's.

Oh boy.

It's all jimball jimball up there.

What did the world scramble?

What did you call Marvin Hamlish?

Oh, I call him hot dog Hamlish.

Wait!

You can't.

I know.

It's crazy.

I am.

Disrespectful to an Oscar winner.

Did you tell me?

Yeah, you told me.

Yeah, you got it.

You got it there, Oscar.

Don't call him Oscar.

He's Oscar from the movie Oscar.

What do you call Oscars?

Well, I just got him confused.

I call Oscar.

Oh, okay.

So you're excited on that.

That side of the brain is fine.

Oh, wait.

The side that knows what Academy Awards are?

No.

Oh, I thought you meant Oscars like names.

Oh, so what do you call Oscars like awards?

Oh, I call it.

I call it Oscar my hot dog.

Oh, Oscar my hot dog.

Oh, that's a conundrum because you know what an Oscar the name is.

I call my key of a China's.

I give a giant.

It's key to best.

That's what I mean when they put him.

That's interesting is you're more fucked up than Sly here and Sly.

I hate to have real bad.

Yeah.

It really hurt.

Yeah.

It's all dented up.

Like you get a picture, a place you picture a water and you drop it and it still gets a little dented straws water.

You pour you pour water in my mouth and comes out the back of my head.

Oh, God.

I'm like a skeleton.

Oh, it's good for kids.

It's sort of like trepination, you know, where you drill a hole in your head.

Yeah.

Look, I'm getting a maple syrup, but are you the thing that comes out of me is brains.

Are you getting a lot of oxygen in there though?

Is it?

I think so.

I think you fork.

Hey, doctors says too much oxygen.

I've always wondered would you guys ever do a remake of Demolition Man?

Where Sly you play.

You play the Wesley part and Frank you play the Sly part.

Oh my gosh, I love it.

Yeah, we're talking this.

I'm John Spotten.

Kid knows every picture you ever made.

I love him.

I hate the love that goes through more.

Ask him anything the kids are doing.

I love him.

What do I judge Dred?

Would you do Judge Dred where you're the Rob Schneider role Sly and you Frank are the Sly role?

Oh my God, I would love it.

We're talking to people about it.

Yeah.

I'm the law.

I know this person.

Would you do a remake of this?

We got this person guy.

He's really into the whole thing.

This person guy wants to give us a lumb.

Wow.

Would you do a remake of this?

He owns four shops at the Glendale Mall out here.

I know it's a local reference, but it's true.

It's true.

He owns four different shops.

You guys must.

Would you guys do a remake of the recent Judge Dred but just do it with Rob Schneider and you?

Yeah, totally.

You're talking to people about that?

I know it's a mess of Donnie and Guy.

I'm a mess of Donnie and Guy.

When he runs out of hotel, he gets four rooms.

Four rooms with all his mistresses.

He gives his shoes and one.

Regular sized rooms though?

They're regular sized.

They're not forced.

Sometimes they're just like twin bags in there.

Go get a suite.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

I'm like, oh boy.

Yeah.

Boy, I got to talk to a lot of...

My little kid is genius.

I got a lot of songs.

I got a lot of stuff.

I'd love to hear another one of your songs.

You want to name one?

I'll tell you one.

Oh yeah.

I'd love to hear the theme from Under the Top.

Oh, okay.

Let's pull it over the top.

You got it.

Here you go.

Two, three, four.

He's going to not arm wrestle.

He's going under the table to eat some gum.

And that's it?

Yeah.

And that's all you need.

Oh, I love it.

And I love the competitive gum-eating world.

You got to go find the best tables and pull them.

Under the top.

Yeah, yeah.

And it's like the big top.

The big top.

Yeah.

It's like the one that passed through...

Washington, they left.

Oh, you left all the lion tamers there.

Yeah, all the lion tamers moved to Chevy Chase.

Sly, you ever wrestle a lion?

Yeah.

I mean, I'm not talking to some people.

So it's in the future.

You're going to be doing that.

Yeah, yeah.

Yeah, he did it.

He's just thought it was full of lions.

He's in the 80s, you know, and me and Arnold.

Oh, Arnold, right?

Yeah, we got Arnold.

Go get a bunch of lions and fuck them.

What?

They used to fuck these lions just out and about.

They were both married ladies.

Fuck them.

I guess it's not cheating.

We bought a Frankly.

He's not cheating either.

Also eating a cheetah.

Oh, eating a cheetah.

I ate out a cheetah one time.

I caught up, but I was training real hard for Rocky too.

And that was my trainee's.

I run out there and cheetah.

Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey.

That was your reward for catching the cheetah.

Hey, was he eating out his vagina?

Listen, my little buddy, like, you should get out of here.

Did you do it in the bush?

Frankly, you should be a shit the fuck up, man.

I'm sorry.

That's the best.

I'm sorry.

Now I know it's my name.

Hey, did they, you know, I got to say.

You got confused.

They're working.

Maybe they need to work them back in the head.

Hey, no, no, don't work me, cuddlin'.

Ah!

Oh, that was horrifying.

I saw some brain spill at the back.

I gotta eat it.

Oh, wait, you're eating your own brain.

I gotta get it back in.

Oh, oh.

Hey, come on, Frankly.

I gotta eat that.

Oh, God.

Oh, it's on the corner of your mouth.

Oh, God.

Fuck it all up.

Oh, hey, you said that the couple facts in here.

What?

Don't put on that elephant we're talking about.

Oh, yeah.

The post.

Hey, guy, I put it.

Oh, okay.

That was just something different.

Oh, no, I saw what you think.

Wait, that's what you call sound effects.

No, those guys that were in here.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, guys.

The guys from the league on the New Show have effects.

Oh, oh, those guys, yeah.

The FFX shows.

I love it.

A couple of fucking.

Yeah, they gave the day.

They gave the day.

They gave the day guys.

I don't know what you call them.

Okay, guys.

Never for me.

Not for me.

Well, guys, gosh, I hate to pass up a, I hate to take time off the table to talk to two stars like you, but I have to take a break.

Yeah, you know, okay.

You know, let me tell you, you know, you know, you see Frankly Stallone on the bar because I swear to God, this is true.

He wears a hat.

This is Frank Stallone.

I got a shirt that matches.

Hands in Frank Stallone shirt says name Frank Stallone.

Pants say Marvin Hot dogs.

Oh, wait, because you wanted your pants to say Marvin Hamlet?

Yeah.

I thought, okay, well, well.

Oh, that was a slight just shot.

Frank, please put your guns away.

I don't feel good.

It's okay.

One good off.

Number one.

One.

Good stuff.

I am summoning that clip over to the couch.

I still can't do cars.

Why can't I do it?

I, by the way, around the comedy bang bang TV show office, if anyone ever says any statement of like trivia or anything, I will always say, I did not know that.

It's gotten to the point where they asked me if I know things beforehand.

I did not know that.

Be wait, because they want you to say it?

Yeah, they want me to say it.

How many times a day does this happen?

For a while it's happening a lot.

And a laugh every time.

They're great people.

Well, they really are.

It's a sweet crew.

Yeah, it's a sweet crew.

It's a nice group of folks.

Sweet cream crew.

Speaking of nice folks, right before we take a break, we do have time for a very special book, and this is from episode, a few episodes later, episode 249.

Speaking of some of my writers, some of them are in a TV show called the birthday boys.

I got it.

Yes.

And this is from an episode with Bob Odenkirk, producer of that show.

And you'll hear a couple of the birthday boys in this, I think, but mainly it's Bob.

Does he say his signature catchphrase?

He says it in the episode, not in this clip.

Okay.

But if you want to hear someone scream, God damn it.

I believe he says it in this.

Download the whole episode, guys.

It's worth it.

But this is a part of the episode where he literally, one week earlier, the Breaking Bad finale had occurred.

Now, don't worry.

If you have not seen Breaking Bad, you can listen to this clip.

I believe I got one or two angry tweets about, hey, why are you spoiling Breaking Bad for us?

They turned it off the minute we said Breaking Bad spoilers.

This is not a spoiler.

This is a comedy piece.

Yes.

Every quote unquote spoiler that is in that is absolutely absurd.

Absolutely fake.

Yes.

So not just, not to fake, but clearly not true.

But we had a lot of fun riffing on this, and this is just a fun little moment that I want to include.

This is from episode 249.

This is Bob Odenkirk with his Breaking Bad finale spoilers.

Blah, blah, blah, blah.

Blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.

Bob, let's talk briefly about Breaking Bad.

It just ended last week.

Yeah.

No spoilers for, don't worry for anyone who hasn't watched the entire series yet.

But how does it end?

Oh, so, but everybody's already seen it.

No spot.

Yeah, everyone's seen.

No spoilers.

Like what's the final image?

Well, he's on the beach in Bermuda.

Right.

He's got the sunglasses on.

Well, he doesn't have money on his forehead.

Oh, like Shane Tiptyle or?

You know, the last, that last moment is so classic Vince Gilligan.

The guy shows up with the daiquiri and Walter White leans back and flips the sunglasses down and you see that Bermuda sun and then he's reflecting in sunglasses.

I could get used to this.

And he says I could get used to this.

Yeah, fantastic.

A lot of people, and in the press since the final episode, people haven't been making the connection that Walter White ends up on a beach on an island.

Vince Gilligan Gilligan's island.

You know, I mean.

Yeah, they haven't made that connection yet.

But you did and you see it.

I mean, really perceptive viewers see, you know, when he's on the island, he buys that island with his meth money.

Sure.

And it already has that huge hotel because he shot all of the, the, the, the, the, we'll call them the antagonist.

Right.

They all, they all die.

Yeah.

The DA.

Essentially give up.

Give up.

You know what?

Yeah.

They surrender.

They write him that letter.

He gets that letter.

We are so sorry.

We bothered you at all.

Here's your money back.

Here's some of the things we accrued from pursuing you.

Please forgive us.

Best of luck in the future.

Right.

The DA.

He goes to that island.

He's like the last half of the last episode where he's trying to find an island to buy some of the items.

Yeah.

And it's just about real estate.

And that, and that great argument that he has with his wife, who they're now back together.

Yeah.

And she's like, I don't want an island with a hotel on it.

Don't you know me?

I want you to serve it.

I live.

And he's like, can't we just get along and find the perfect island?

Mm-hmm.

And they've picked that island, right?

So it has a beautiful four seasons hotel.

And he goes in perfect.

He's like, his ultrawide is so smart, right?

I'm going to run this island.

He buys the island with the hotel and he rents out every room.

So now they got the hotel.

He's making money on top of that from renting out the rooms.

And that's smart.

And he becomes the caretaker of this hotel.

And Walter Jr. is like that last shot.

Maybe Holly is super happy.

She's speaking.

She's like, hey, Dad.

Yeah, hey, Dad.

It's great.

She has a southern accent.

You're really great.

She's got a nanny.

And then Walter White, that junior, Walter Jr. is on the diving board, the high board.

And he runs and jumps.

Yeah.

And he...

Look what I can do!

Oh, splash.

Perfect splash.

He looks across the pool.

There's his wife.

She gives him the thumbs up.

Why is she on a skateboard?

There will be more.

I think Vince is planting an idea.

Oh, wait.

Another season?

I think he's that skateboard.

You know, Skylar on the skateboard.

That's a whole other story.

First of all, I don't even want to start on it.

They both start with SK.

Skylar skateboard.

Here's the other thing.

The other thing about another S.

The rides a skateboard.

Think about where we've seen an S on a skateboard.

The Simpsons.

Smart Simpson.

His last name is Simpson!

And then Jimmy Cliff, who he got to play that Rossafarian guy who sells him the hotel and is the caretaker.

Hey, Mon.

Buy my hotel.

That guy is a hilarious character.

He's so good.

Jimmy Cliff, one of the best.

It's just a great final.

That last half power.

I could have done with less of the conversation about, you know, islands.

I don't know.

I thought about real estate and some good real estate tips, which I think was the main.

I think you got a little too much information about tax, write-offs and stuff.

But it's okay.

Ten minutes of that stuff.

Hey, you know what?

We can sit through it just for that final scene.

Man, I'm in that last moment.

I could get used to this.

Oh, man.

So good.

And then...

Do you see the monkey?

Then that monkey jumps on his shoulder.

I didn't see the monkey.

I caught you again.

I close my eyes.

You're DVR cut it off.

After he says I can get used to this, you hear.

And the little monkey, the cutest monkey ever jumps on his shoulder and dances around and he laughs.

I think I just turned it off because I was so satisfied.

But if it had I known there would be a monkey.

It's great.

Wow.

And certainly there's a lot to think about there, you know.

And what I thought was interesting was the line of dialogue earlier in the show when Walter White says to your character, better call Sal, he says, Sal, better get, better get Sal.

That's how I listen, Scott.

He says, Sal, you got to admit we broke some bat.

Well, I know a lot of people have been wondering, when are we going to really hear the title of the show?

Because it's really something you owe the audience to use the title of the show at some point in your show.

Broke some bat?

The title.

We broke some bat.

He sings the theme song.

He's like, bow bow bow bow bow bow bow.

I mean, you know, Vince is not going to let a thing go by without giving it significance and meaning.

And so for all these years you've been listening to that song, you've been hearing, breaking bad.

When am I going to, when is it going to resonate in the show?

Yeah.

So having a character say we broke some bad singing the song.

Yeah.

And then he says high five and you go, I preferred 10 down low.

And then you deal with low 10.

It was incredible.

It was one of those classic man.

That last episode of Breaking Bad, oh my God, it all comes together.

Okay, spoiler alert off.

If you've not been listening because of the spoilers, you can now return to listening.

But great television man, congratulations on that.

I mean, it's just like an incredible achievement.

I don't really like the episodes leading up to that last one.

Yeah.

But that last one was like just right what I like to see.

Everything.

Yeah.

So good stuff.

Clib.

All right.

Great bonus clip.

I think so.

We have to go to a break when we come back.

We will have your number 10 episode of the year.

This is exciting.

We will be right back after this comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang.

Yeah.

Much love.

Paul.

F. Tomkins is with me.

We're counting down the best of the year and boy, we're up to number 10 now.

We're in our top 10.

I can't.

God, I can't believe it.

This is moving at a breakneck pace and my neck is broken.

Oh my God.

I'm going to die.

I shouldn't move you.

No, otherwise I'll paralyze you.

Please don't move me.

Wow.

This is like a football game.

It's like Friday night lights.

Friday night lights.

Let me start saying that anytime Friday night lights is mentioned next year in 2014, I'm going to retire my life, but we're going to say Friday night lights.

I think that's a capital idea.

I'm all in favor of that.

I'll help support that.

Okay.

Good.

What do you show by the way?

I like a lot of stuff, you know, like, you know, breaking bad, of course, mad men, Friday night lights.

Friday night lights.

What do you do?

All right.

This clip comes from episode number 10.

Nope.

That's right.

It's not episode number 10.

Sorry.

It's it's well, it's your number 10 episode.

Yes.

The 10th best episode, 10th best episode.

Okay.

This is number 10 in your countdown.

Number 10.

This is episode number 243.

That's right.

This is a couple later than the Stallone brothers.

They're all around the same.

A lot of these are around the same time.

A lot of them were actually like 240s in there, but in part one, we had two a lot around 200 because we had 203, 204.

Something about that.

Once that once you get that 200, oh man, it was really hit.

It's dry.

Really did.

This is from episode 243, an episode called blow me up Tom.

Yes.

Now.

Yes.

Let me explain this a little bit.

Okay.

You have to you.

You have Maria Bamford, comedian extraordinaire.

The bammer.

She asks to be on the show or I asked her to be on the show and.

Do you think this is while she was having a breakdown?

No, this is after.

Oh, it's after.

Yeah.

I thought maybe this was like a symptom.

No, no, no, no.

This is after she's out of the woods.

Everything's fine.

Would you feel bad though?

If this caused like, no, well, not if it caused it, but it was like, oh, I wonder she asked me on the show because she was having a breakdown.

Like that like she would never normally.

Exactly.

No, no, no, exactly.

I say in person wouldn't say, can I be on your show?

I actually pursued her.

She hadn't been on in quite a few years and she's on the show and are good for him.

Tom Lykis who was only on the show once previously in last year's Amy Poehler episode.

There was only once before.

That was the only time he's ever been on the show before.

This is his second appearance.

He really makes a meal of it.

He really does.

But Tom Lykis, if you don't know him, he's disgusting.

He's a radio personality.

He's a human monster.

Now, what's interesting about this episode, but I think why it got so many votes is Maria is laughing her ass off at it.

She's absolutely delighted.

She loves it.

Yes.

She's thrilled.

They could not have been a better pairing of guests.

Sometimes you don't know how someone is going to react.

I've had shows where people are a little like, oh boy, is this still going on?

Like for instance, probably the Rob Delaney Michael Jackson episode.

I think he was maybe getting tired of that in the middle of it.

Can't imagine anyone doing tired of it.

But Maria was having so much fun with it.

She loved it.

And I think it just was a very charming episode.

But a lot of strong language in this.

Yes.

Tom is very disgusting, but this is from you picked it.

This is your number.

Hey, you guys picked this.

This is from your number 10 episode.

This is Blomie up, Tom.

This is Tom Lykis and Maria Bamford number 10.

Number 10.

This is where you get.

What is Frank?

engineer Frank, can you stop that?

What is that?

Westwood wood covers the sound effects.

For you.

It's the top top top.

Engineer, no.

It's your Frank.

You're not doing this.

Are you?

No.

Oh, no.

Like a show.

Oh, no, not the top like the show.

It's me, Tom Lykis.

Here, let's have like his program.

No, it's not.

Or the flash Friday.

No, it's not a flash.

T the show.

I'm sorry.

What do you say most often to a woman after you get done with her?

I'm sorry, baby.

Tell me about it.

Please, this is not how the way the show normally is.

If you're listening to the show for the first time, this is not what I want the show to be.

Tom Lykis, you're a disgusting human being.

We talked about that last time.

You're here with.

Thank you.

But I only let women talk to me like that and only if they're stuffed with my boy.

You know what I'm talking about?

I think we talked about.

Talking about colitis.

I think we talked about that with Amy Poehler last time, about how you like to stick your balls into anyway.

You never know where the balls are going to fit until you go to Bloebi on top.

Okay.

I don't want to tell them about Bloebi on top.

I'm not a clown.

Tom, are you planning on being here the entire show?

I don't make plans.

I don't know if you can see this right now, but I have a beautiful, young, emotionally vulnerable woman right there.

No, she's my guest.

Licking.

No, it's just under the table.

Under the table.

Okay, what's going on?

She's licking the back of my knees because she's not good enough for the rest of it yet.

Oh God.

Can't you handle it here?

He's talking to our guest.

Please, Tom, if you're going to be here the whole show, at least let me introduce our guest.

It's Flash Friday.

It's not.

If you'll flash the Tom Lykis truck.

You get a free date at Long John Silver.

Oh God.

Bloebi up, Tom.

Well, we on top.

I come.

You're on top.

Hello.

All right.

Let's introduce it.

Maria, you're a fan of scenes.

I love it.

I love Tom Lykis.

Oh, okay.

Why do you do that?

I do.

I mean, I know I'm too old for you, Tom Lykis.

Oh, you think you're too old for me?

I mean, I think you let me cup your balls.

There's always room on the roster.

Did I work the shaft?

There's always room on the roster if you know how to play a keister.

You know what I'm talking about?

Okay, Tom, please.

This is a respectable show.

I want to know legitimately if she knows what I'm talking about.

Okay, let it, I guess we can find out if she knows what you're talking about.

What I'm talking about.

I do.

I know that you respect women and you respect people of color and I respect women the way I respect a bucket of popcorn shrimp.

And they go because they go down easy.

Are you married, Tom?

I forgot.

I don't get married.

Oh, that's right.

Tell you something about women.

Women want to get married.

And I know Maria comes in here and she goes, I want time to propose to me and get an array.

Let me tell you something sweetheart.

The only ring you're going to be getting from me is a real wet ring around the backside.

You know what I'm talking about?

What?

The only ring you're going to be getting from me.

He's going to put his cock into my bonghole.

Oh, that ring.

Ring around the rosy.

Okay.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Oh, that's what that's on his own.

Oh, that ring.

Ring around the rosy.

Okay.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

That's what that's on his own.

Good guy.

And Marie, I apologize for having you on.

I'm so grateful.

You're all tough.

Oh, I'm not.

It was supposed to be just you and me for the entire hour just talking about old times.

No, yeah.

No, this is perfect.

Okay.

Because sometimes, Tom, I just do want to, you know, cause I really, I do want, um, I want to live with my boyfriend.

We've been dating only six months and we're going to move in together maybe in a six months.

And you want to get your hooks into you.

Yes.

We tell you something, ladies and gentlemen, Marie here.

What if I lost the sentence that I just read?

It seems like that happened.

Do you remember what you was talking about?

I do agree.

But, but what do you think is the best?

I mean, if I were not a good person, if I were a manipulative person, I would take care of this here by the way.

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Yeah.

No, I, um, you know, as I, as I said earlier, do you compliment his bank account with you submit?

You know, we're as a comedian.

Yes.

Marie Bamford.

Um, yes.

Thank you so much for having me on the show.

And this is serious.

I used to list.

I have listened to Tom like us.

Yeah.

Wait, you said you used to listen.

What does that mean?

You're not currently listening.

Well, no, I don't know where to find it.

Let me tell you something about broadcasting Scott.

Broad!

Broad?

Yeah, that's right.

Broad casting is the best way I'll ever get a pussy.

I'd missed most of that.

What, when are you on Tom?

Cause I just care.

I am all the internet.

Oh, so always on.

Yeah.

You can listen anytime you want to blow me up, blow up, blow up.

See, that's the only problem.

See, I only listen to Tom like us when I was in the car.

Super bored.

Yeah.

Super bored.

Did you pull over?

What do you mean?

You can't listen to Tom with both hands or the wheel.

Oh, God.

Do you understand the infarutes that I'm making?

Yes, of course.

Look, let's talk to Bria here for a little bit.

If you're, if let's maybe tag team on questions for you.

Oh, he was out there.

Double, double, double, big boy.

I don't know.

But what, maybe one?

I got gay!

Number 10.

Oh, good.

Now you picked that.

You picked it.

Do you get what you get and you don't get upset?

That by the way only had 23 more votes than number 11.

So that just barely spiked into our top 10.

What'd you say it's a squeaker?

It was a squeaker.

By the way, I haven't talked about how many votes were tabulated this year.

Over 65,000 votes.

They were put on tab.

I don't know what that word means.

Tabulated, counted up.

Oh, damn.

I never knew you were dumb.

I've been hiding it.

You can hide it.

Just like how I was about to lose control.

That's right.

Oh, 65,000 votes.

That's wild.

And only 20 separated, number 10 and number 11.

That's just weird.

I think it's wild stuff.

And we will.

Is that the Californians?

What was it?

I'm trying to cross the story.

That's weird.

Wild stuff.

Take the 101.

It's a 134.

Coming back in style.

So that shows you how close this countdown is.

And we have even closer ones as we go higher in the countdown.

So you're every vote counted this year.

All right.

We have time.

And about all the first thing that I'd like to do.

Is to save every day.

Till eternity passes away.

And it's man with you.

Down, down, down, down.

But there never seems to be enough time to do things you want to do.

What's my man?

I'm a little too, too, too, too, too, too, too, too, too, too, too.

You've been around not to know.

You're the one that I want to do through time with.

You need to leave me, leave me, leave me, leave me.

That's a good old Jim Croci breakdown.

If no one has recorded a version exactly like that before, they really should.

I've wanted to do that for a long time.

Let's do it.

All right.

By the way, if there's a band out there like Mumford and Sons, if not Mumford and Sons, who knows?

They may be listening.

But if Mumford and Sons or a band like them are out there who can play that style of music, contact us.

Mumford, contact us.

Sons, wake up your father.

Sons wake up your father.

That sounds like a poem.

It does, doesn't it?

Or it's like something you would, like a speech you would.

Son, recite.

Wake up your father's.

All right.

So we are getting up there in our countdown and this is episode on your countdown number nine.

Number nine.

That's right.

Number nine.

This is episode 218.

218.

Okay.

This is number nine on your countdown.

I don't think it's 218.

Kind of in the middle between these periods we've been talking about.

So if people would be guests, this is going to be the host.

Let me give you a clue.

Fourth.

May the fourth be with you.

Ah, Star Wars?

No, it's not Star Wars.

That would be great if we had Star Wars on this countdown.

If the movie Star Wars is part of the just Star Wars.

Yeah.

So like coming out of the right Star Wars.

Star Wars.

A new hope.

I don't know if you're going to play that.

But no, unfortunately, it's all clips from this show.

This is from the fourth anniversary extravaganza.

Now, is it rare for anniversary shows to get voted into the top 10 countdown?

It's not actually it's usually it's the ones towards the end of the year that have a harder time.

Yes, they do.

The ones or the ones at the beginning of the year.

It's the ones at the beginning and at the end.

The ones in the middle all tend to be favorites.

The ones at the beginning people kind of forget about and the ones at the end they go, Oh, well, I don't have quite, you know, you know, it's like, you know, it's like, it's like how under Majesty's Secret Service is now considered one of the best Bond films.

Right.

But at the time it was like, let's do a little better guys.

Yes, exactly.

So maybe.

And then they found out they couldn't do better.

That's right.

They were just going to be the way they were.

Couldn't shouldn't and wouldn't.

So this is from the fourth anniversary extravaganza.

This was all star episode.

You have David Wayne, director of movies and person from Stella, among other things.

You have guests like Marissa Wompler, Tracy Reardon.

You have Mike the janitor.

You have the bachelor brothers and you have Jason Manzukas.

This is a great episode.

What's Jason Manzukas a person from?

That's a character that this really funny comedian has been playing for about 40 years or so.

Let's say 40.

But we're going to hear two clips from this episode.

It was a long one.

And so we're going to hear two different chunks.

The first chunk we have David Wayne.

And then we have Marissa Wompler and Tracy Reardon who are very similar in age.

One is 16 and one is 17.

One is 16 going on 17.

One is 17.

The end.

Great Rodgers and Hammerstein's song.

That's how the sound of music ended by the way.

That's right.

In the middle of that song.

The end.

And the curtain.

Curtain.

Nazis.

Okay, so we're going to hear that chunk where those two meet for the probably the first time I think.

They don't like each other.

They talked on Twitter previous to this.

And so we're going to hear that chunk.

And then after that chunk, we are going to hear from the bachelor brothers.

It was just the first appearance.

Their first appearance.

We'd never met them before.

And they're very interesting people.

Yes, they are.

They came back on our recent Christmas.

Interesting weirdos.

So we're going to hear from that.

This is your number nine clip.

Number nine.

David Wayne is here.

And also I have a very special guest here.

A co-host almost in a way.

And you heard her on the show.

Oh, yeah.

A while back, I guess maybe a month, month and a half ago.

She was on the show with Adam Brody.

And was that a big thrill for you, by the way?

That was a huge thrill.

I feel like Adam Brody was such a nice guy.

And I really learned a lot about him because I always watched my movies and TV shows and stuff.

And I really learned that he's a really good sofa.

And he's a really good actor.

And he was so sweet.

And he touched my thigh.

Yeah.

Did you give his email address or anything like that?

He didn't give it to me.

Oh, I'm so sorry.

Whatever.

But maybe one of these guests that we have on the show today, like David Wayne, will maybe give you his email.

I would love it.

That's okay.

I can still email you.

You can just chat online or whatever.

Okay.

I'm open to touching the thigh if we want to talk about it.

Wait, you're okay with that?

But being married man, but you're not with email?

Well, email can get very intimate.

You were very quick on that, by the way.

You married, married, married.

Almost as if that's your defense.

He's too scared.

He's like, what are you trying to do?

Well, I was thinking about like if there's like, she has sort of a milky thigh that has a little bit of sweat glow to it.

Yeah, you're wearing shorts today.

I like to.

It really gets me.

You weren't wearing shorts last time.

No, it wasn't that warm.

I bite you.

Yeah, didn't get a good look at those.

I've never seen shorts that short.

Oh, yeah.

Well, these actually were jeans, but I just cut them off at the point where it started hurting me.

Because they were really, really tight.

So I write exactly what my fattest part of my thigh.

I cut them.

Married, married, married.

Okay.

Tracy Rieden, by the way, is here.

Yeah, I'm sure you say your name.

Hello, Tracy.

Welcome to the show.

Thanks, honey.

A lot of people were a big fan of your appearance on the show.

That's really cool.

I got a lot of like really weird tweets from people where they were like talking about the way I talk and they didn't like it.

I talked.

And we should explain the way you talk.

You have a vatically.

You have sort of a, we talked about it on the show.

When it's okay to talk about this because it's just your life, but you have like a congenital defect, birth defect, which...

It's not a birth defect.

Oh, wait, what happened again?

Well, you're talking about my ear?

Yeah.

Because it's not really like part of my talking.

My ear.

Oh, I thought that was related to the way you talk.

No, not really.

Because one side of your face doesn't have any cartilage.

My ear, my left ear doesn't have any cartilage because of the way I was buffed by my mom.

I came out of my mom's vagina and I just like, my whole head is scraped against the side of my vagina and my ear fell off.

I'm buffed to you.

Buffed to me.

Oh, okay.

I thought that had something to do with the way you talk.

No, I mean, no one's ever really suggested that.

No one suggested that?

No one's ever really talked about how I talk it's all right now.

What?

Oh, so you don't know that there's a you talk?

I don't know what you're talking about, but I feel like it's not hard.

It's like you're trying to help my feelings.

I'm not trying to hurt you.

In fact, I deeply apologize.

Thank you.

But it's okay to talk about your ear though.

Yeah, it's like, well, you're proud of that.

My ear is really obvious.

Yeah.

But not your voice.

Scott, you realize everyone talks in a slightly different accent.

That's part of the wonderful thing.

No, I understand.

Oh my God.

What?

The half is going on.

Oh.

Busted.

Hi, Marissa.

It's your wife, Stone Cold Busted.

Ah, Marissa Whampler just made her way into this.

Wham it up.

If it were not for the fact that I was following the Twitter feed of one, Mrs. Tracy, we're weirding, weirding, weirding.

Weowed in.

Uh huh.

With an all.

I would not have known that there was an anniversary show, which I did not get an invite to.

Ah.

So I come in and see you chatting it up with an earless.

I have one ew.

A sweaty woman in a tube top.

By the way, thanks for wearing the tube top today.

You're welcome.

The short, great tube top.

Yeah.

Marissa, I am just, I am.

Am I too loud on the can on the mic?

Marissa, you're always too loud on the mics.

Look, I'm sorry.

I didn't mean to not in.

I'm so out of breath.

You realize you don't need an invite to come to the show.

You're supposed to be here every week.

What?

You just elect not to come most weeks out of the year.

I don't know what the sketch is.

The sketch is we do it once a week, sometimes twice a week, and you're supposed to be here.

Well, you can color me mad.

Okay, because I am a woman scorned here.

I don't know what to say here.

How about I'm sorry.

How about flowers and chocolate would do the trick?

I have several female guests on the show every week.

I don't want to hear about.

I don't listen to your show for the final time.

I don't listen.

Wait, where are you following Tracy here on Twitter?

Thank you.

First of all, I admitted that in a fit of rage, I'm now regretting that.

Well, now I know.

You know what?

You're here, Dan?

Where are you from?

Well, actually it doesn't really matter where I'm from.

No, it does matter because I'm coming to your house tonight.

Well, I live in Bovet, I'm going to know.

Oh, do you?

Yeah, I'm going to.

Do you go to Burbank Public?

She may live somewhere different than where she's from.

Oh, wait.

So it's more relevant to say like, where are you living now?

Wait, who's side are you on?

I'm wanting to tell you.

I want every man in this room to choose sides right now.

Wait, Marissa, you know David Wayne on a last name basis?

Well, I've been setting my headshot every three days.

Well, Melissa.

Marissa wants to break into show business.

I believe me.

I love, I put, I've wall-papered my whole garage with her headshots.

Oh, married, married.

I'm sorry.

It's Marissa.

Say it.

It's Marissa.

I'm saying.

What is this?

Children of a lesser god, I'm not interested.

What?

I'm not deaf.

That's unseeped.

Yeah, despite her appearance, she's not.

I have a hole in the side of my head.

It works.

It just doesn't have coddleage around it.

That reminds you of the woman who found it, the Girl Scouts.

Remember she got a piece of rice thrown in her ear.

It wasn't a lot of red ink.

Who could forget?

And she, and she, and she.

Who doesn't know that story?

And she went deaf.

That's sad.

At her wedding?

Yeah, it's better than a story about getting scraped against your mother's vijage.

Wow, you really know a lot about me.

Hey, I wish I had gone deaf in my wedding that I wouldn't have to listen to my wife's nagging all the time.

But we'll talk about that later.

More weight's got to get to this.

That's our weight's got to do.

Wait, Marissa, I have female guests on the show all the time.

You've never acted like this.

That's the problem.

I, when this, when this girl showed up on your podcast, which I don't listen to, suddenly everyone's blown it up on Twitter saying, Oh, you two should get, do a show together.

You should do this.

Oh, yeah, I think that would be charming.

Well, two, 16 year, you're sick.

Hey, 17, 16.

Keep your six sexual preferences to yourself.

All right.

This, I, he likes my thighs.

I didn't, I said nothing of a sort to either of you.

I would wear a tube top if you wanted me to.

No, thank you.

I would cut off my jeans at the fattest part of my thigh.

That would be the bottom.

I would vote yes on that.

Marissa, you're shaped like a pyramid.

I know.

That's not my fault.

I know.

It is your fault.

I'm on a Dijorno pizza diet.

It's not my fault.

I know.

I don't think you should feel bad.

So pyramids are majestic.

Oh, wait.

People travel from all over the country to see them in Egypt.

From all of the country.

All parts of the United States.

They all go to Egypt.

They go to Las Vegas to see a peer, the Luxor hotel.

That's the real pyramid.

They come from Cairo.

They come from everywhere in Egypt.

Look, just because there's an older woman here on the show.

She's Marissa 16.

I'm 16.

How old are you?

I'm 17.

I was born before you.

She's not legal.

That's not barely legal.

Almost barely legal.

You know what?

This is just exactly what you've wanted, isn't it?

Two underage women fighting over you.

I'm not going to give you the satisfaction.

I'm not fighting over me.

I'm not looking at her.

I'm not looking at you.

I'm putting on dark glasses and I'm going to be a great guest on this podcast.

And we'll let the public decide.

Womp it up.

Okay.

So you want some sort of vote after this podcast?

Yeah, I would love a vote.

Who's the better what?

Person.

Really?

You want to cut a person?

You know what, Reardon?

You just raised the stakes.

Fine.

Who's the better person?

Fine.

Who's the better person?

I'm volunteering right now, online.

David, do you have a preference at this point?

You know, I do, as I told you, I like the sweaty thighs.

I love the tube top.

But you know, the pyramid shaped body also has, as I said, a certain majesty and a certain groundedness that is awesome.

This isn't the bads or just tell us who you're deciding on.

We're not stringing it out, all right?

I'm just trying to think of very difficult issues between people.

If I have to decide, I'm going to look at each one and just see when I pop a boner.

Okay, well, are we going to put a rubber band around it?

Do you want me to check on this or the camping honor system where I can just tell you?

No, I need to verify this.

I guess I better tell you.

Let me place my hand upon your penis.

All right, I'm looking at Marissa now.

Okay, I have my hand upon his penis.

I have hair around each aerial.

I have a tremendous amount of hair.

You can get rid of that.

If that gives you anything.

Okay, good, because Judge of Friends, so that does count for something.

Okay.

Here's Tracy.

I have no boobs, but my tube top stays up because I have close eyes.

My skin.

I might have even come to completion there.

Okay, goodness.

All right.

We get a rag.

A wet rag.

I keep wet naps in my naps hat.

That's like the fullest I've ever gotten with a guy, will we?

We had him looking at you.

Well, because he made a wet one.

Oh, yeah, huh, interesting.

Well, I'm so sorry, Marissa.

Please, you know, I'm not cheating on you just because I have another teenage girl.

As I said, I'm moving on.org.

I don't care.

Okay, yeah.

I'm absolutely over it.

For those of you who are just listening to the show for the first time, Marissa is a 16-year-old girl who goes to Marina Del Rey High School.

Woman.

W-O-M-Y-N.

She's my intern.

She never comes to the show.

She pops up maybe once every three, four months.

Are you a feminist?

You know what, Reardon?

Not interested.

I'm trying to make a conversation with you.

You know what?

Reardon?

I have a lot of friends, okay?

I'm not looking for another one.

This isn't babysitter stuff, right?

Oh, you're a lot of friends?

Yeah.

I have Lisler.

Lisler is not it.

Yes, she is.

Charlotte Lisler is my best friend.

She is it.

And my soul sister.

By the way, Lisler is your teacher and an older woman.

My advanced learning program, STARS program.

Yeah, no.

Yeah.

Yeah, she's a 44-year-old woman who used to be a sniper in the First Iraq War.

Yeah, no, we know all about her.

And she's my best friend.

That's weird.

You should reach out to Tracy here.

You know what?

We're like the same age.

No, you're older.

But she's older.

It seems like Tracy is making enough of you.

It was something like, I don't like fighting.

Like, I hate confrontation.

That's like something everyone knows about me.

Like, I hate it.

That's life, bitch.

Whoa!

Oh, God, where is this coming from?

I'm about the same age as Lisler.

Maybe we could go for a drink sometime.

Oh, you and Marissa?

You're gonna be careful what you wish for.

Marry, Marry, Marry.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

You don't want that.

Marry, Marry, Marry.

You don't want your avocado to dip into the...

What was it?

Oh, it was a white asparagus that was dipped into a fajé yogurt.

Oh, that sounds good.

It's called faggy.

You know what?

That's homophobic.

It's when I am faggy.

You know, it's not pronounced that.

Even if it is, I would appreciate it.

It's like the word, niggardly.

No one should say that word.

Marry, oasis, oasis, oasis, oasis, oasis.

That's what I'm saying.

That word should not ever be said anymore.

This might be the last episode of this podcast.

It's shut down by the FAA.

The FAA?

What is that?

That's the federal...

The Air Administration.

Oh, they're having some tough troubles, right?

Put three of them up on Wade's gotting.

No wonder they call this network Ear Wolf because it's like our run.

It's like howling like a wolf.

Good stuff.

Guys, I hope that you can put aside your differences here.

I mean, Tracy, you don't have any differences.

I'm trying to...

I mean, I knew about the Twitter feud, to be honest.

You guys were in a Twitter feud?

Well, people were trying to egg us on.

Yeah.

What?

People were like forcing it upon us.

And like kids think like, I can't only avoid what happens in my Twitter feud.

Like I will eat every tweet.

Oh, hon.

And so that was kind of stressful to me.

Like I set up every night kind of worrying about it until I got here.

And like, I didn't know she was going to be here today.

Well, I sent you an invitation to meet me outside the Marina Del Rey Public Library.

Yeah, but that was really aggressive.

Yeah, and I wanted, and I was going to cut you.

See, now what I wanted to show up to that.

Yeah.

She wrote that in the letter.

You should go to where she's at.

You know, people aren't going to want to come to you to be cut.

I can't.

Come to Bobing.

I'm not allowed.

I can only take the surface streets.

How am I going to get there?

Come to Bobing.

Come to my Glamis house.

Oh, fine.

I will.

I'll come to your grandma's house.

I dare you to climb in my window and cut me all night.

Oh, don't.

You know what?

Don't make those kind of accusations.

I dare you to come in the window and cut me all night.

Oh, my God.

That sounds like an invitation at least for a church.

It would be a night.

Is that going to be on demand?

I really like to see that.

I'll wear my shorts.

You can watch it.

Oh, gosh.

Well, guys, we have to take our first break here on the show.

I got a cool down.

Yeah, you got a cool down walker.

You got to walk it up.

Okay, I will want it up if you cool it down.

We are back here and we have Jason Manzukas here.

Comedy Bingbong.

How are you?

Bingbong.

It's our fourth anniversary.

Thank you so much for listening.

We have Mike the janitor.

I'm going to be box.

Love it.

And of course, Tracy Reardon.

Hi.

My wife.

Of course.

And a couple of guys just wandered in the studio.

I know it's we have an open door policy here.

A couple of guys.

Scott, it's the bachelor brothers babe.

How's it going babe?

I'm sorry.

We've never been introduced so I don't know why I would know you.

Benny bachelor.

And I'm Barrett bachelor babe.

We're the bachelor brothers and we will run the bachelor records.

You made it baby.

The hottest record label in town.

Just down the street.

Yeah, yeah.

We're down the street.

Our offices are above the hottest nightclub in the city.

What?

The hottest nightclub in Los Angeles.

And our offices are on the pet house.

Babe.

Oh, okay.

You've given me no details yet.

What's the name of the club?

Bachelor.

Pad.

The bachelor.

Yeah.

That's it.

Okay.

I think you guys just made that up.

Because you started saying it and then you like got all excited.

That he came up with is a good one.

And then you guys high five.

I was thinking of all the hot nights we've had there with the sweatiest chicks in town.

And that's how you're supposed to say the name.

Is that what that place is about?

I'm really funny.

I'm 25.

This is the sweatiest.

Have you seen her glisten face?

Yeah.

And we have some of the hottest bands show up.

And then we put them on our bachelor brothers label babe.

Bachelor records.

Yeah.

What did you say?

Yeah.

Quit saying stuff that's different.

But we have some great acts come through.

Tell us about your other kids.

Oh well this one.

I also like to know.

Why are you on the show by the way?

We're here to pry you away from ear wolf babe.

You got to take you off of your label.

What?

Put you on bachelor records.

This is quite a turnaround.

Okay.

All right.

Hey.

We did it.

That was easy.

See you guys.

Well we just want you to also play some of our some of our bands.

Oh like who are your hottest bands?

Well the kooky cavemen.

Wait with their song.

You got me rocking like a dinosaur.

I know that.

Yeah.

Look.

These dress up like cavemen.

They're wearing leopard skin tunics.

We only sign the most outrageous wildest bands.

These people come out in full prehistoric get up.

Loring cloths.

Holding rocks and sticks.

Their instruments look like bones baby.

Oh okay.

Kids they don't want regular bands that just come out with their guitars and their long hair and their fringed vests.

Wait what?

Say what?

Can I ask you a question?

Is that a good caveman?

That's what the guys like us at our 50s.

I think so.

Can I just add a quick question?

How old are you guys?

We're 13 years old.

We're twins.

And if you might ask if one is older than the other?

No.

We were born at the exact same moment.

Wait not even like a minute apart.

Not even a minute apart.

We both had slimed out at the same time.

Wait are you guys side by side?

Yep.

Holding hands just like we are right now.

But you must have been.

Yeah why are you guys holding hands?

You're gonna get to see brothers.

No we were super tiny.

I didn't hurt her at all.

I hurt my mom when I came out.

We know.

Don't boast dear.

Is it interesting to see an older woman like this?

I'm 17.

Happy.

Oh happy.

Jail bait.

Why are you holding an older woman?

Jail bait.

Also what was that expression you used?

Hahaha.

Be happy.

Happy.

You want to hear about another band?

Of course I do.

My wife.

I certainly do.

Yeah my wife.

Alright another one of our bands is called 1993.

All their songs are about 1993.

Oh you got me rocking like a zone dinosaur.

Oh.

They have Janaro's lament about the lawyer from Jurassic Park.

Hey wrapped a baby.

Specifically he missed us about 1993 but a most Jurassic Park.

Oh I suppose that's one way to think of it.

You want to split hairs?

Happy.

I'll be happy.

I'm just trying to understand what's going on.

Happy.

You guys call everyone baby.

I'm not going to surprise the janitors.

What?

Yeah.

What did you say?

Jail bait.

Yeah jail bait.

Not a ball.

Jail bait in the janitor.

That sounds like a great wild rock act.

Whoa.

We just decided.

You said sidem, I only played bones.

Hey.

That's perfect.

We got to introduce you to the what were they called?

The Kookie Cavemen.

And you know Mike the janitor here sings about fish bones a lot.

It's true.

The band that was playing the first time I walked into a me but record.

And I was wondering why it was so crowded in there.

I think they were physically playing.

Yeah.

I thought it was over there.

I think you're a song for them.

Oh don't throw a note at me.

Just because I'm selling on a fence.

I'm a cat and I ate and a diet fish skeleton.

It's what I do.

I don't like Monday.

So are you trying to?

I'm a fan.

Hey come over here talk to me and play.

I'm seeing dollar signs.

It's my man.

Yeah.

You're looking at a dollar bill currently.

Yeah and I'm seeing a big turkey sub.

Hey you guys.

You brought the whole thing.

Is that your change from buying those turkey subs?

Is that why?

Yeah.

The change we got was more turkey.

Hey would you be a post?

The change you got was more turkey.

Well yeah.

You'd have a band of bachelor subs.

Would you be a post to a costume?

And we're giving turkey as change.

Wait wait wait.

Did you buy sandwiches at your own restaurant?

You think you'd eat the bachelor pads?

Wait what?

Bachelorette.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

Stop by piping at that moment.

Not worth the high five.

So what they do is they separate their hands from holding hands in order to then high five with those hands.

But then they clutch back of mediums.

Yeah.

Yeah like magnets.

Like two magnets.

Yeah.

This just occurred to me.

Does the dollar sign actually appear on the dollar bill?

It does it.

And I was going to ask.

I think they spell it out every time right?

They don't.

It's not like play money that you get.

I don't think there is.

I think they just say this is one dollar.

I hate to let it in my bank account.

I got to say for the bachelor brothers money.

Cash money is a little beneath us.

At our headquarters it's all doubloons.

Oh whoa.

Really?

Well that's because we signed the hottest act in town.

Oh what's that?

The pirates.

The butlers.

The garbage men.

Wait a minute.

The garbage mess is getting dangerously close.

He picks up garbage all day for money.

Well he does it.

He does it for the only thing he asks in return.

But the only thing he asks is money.

Can I explain something to you fellas?

Here's what I do.

I clean up other people's filth.

All I ask in return is a paycheck.

That's it.

That's all I want.

I believe you also just negotiated for ownership over that dress.

Yes I did.

Thank you Mr. Rockman.

You don't have to suck up to him in trash.

You don't have to suck up to me.

Oh that's right.

Yeah.

You piece of shit.

The problem.

He is the biggest.

I might as well mop you up.

That's what I think of you.

We might not be able to sign you because we have an act called the janitors.

There are a bunch of people dressed up like the oars you use to row a boat.

They're all named Janet.

Oh conflict of interest.

That sucks baby.

The Janet or.

Yeah.

So it's a band full of people dressed as ors.

Why did you say oh right before that?

You guys didn't high five on that one.

Yeah high five.

It's in development.

We're tickling each other.

Ew.

Number nine.

All right.

That was number nine.

Good clip.

The bachelor brothers baby.

Batch the brothers baby.

It's hard not to talk like them.

Yeah.

You know what it is because it's fun.

It is fun.

It's fun to talk like fun.

Well before we go to break we have a really brief.

Bonus.

This was requested a lot.

Really?

Yeah.

This a lot of people requested this clip and so this is from episode 237.

This is a person named Tito Ben.

Tito Ben.

And this is him.

He came on he talked about his business the Filipino blockbuster in the mall in Filipino town and where he rents movies that he makes.

But he also has a side business where he has a karaoke night in his business and all of the karaoke tracks are him singing all of the backups.

So this is him demonstrating that.

So let's hear that right now.

Alright.

Bonus.

This is a clip.

You know if you come every Tuesday I host a karaoke night and I will back you up.

Where do you do that?

Hmm?

Where do you host a karaoke?

Of course the street there is this car wash.

Okay.

And after hours they open up the wash.

Oh and how's it going?

Good.

Couple people singing the same songs.

A lot of you know I want to set you up.

How do you let's hear the background of that one?

Ooh.

Yay.

Be real good.

Wake up.

And you do.

You up.

We drop.

You up.

Ha.

And then it's mostly them.

Oh god man.

They take over.

You look good man.

It's almost like you got like an attract in your head.

Well that one has been done so many times.

Oh yeah.

Clip.

All right Tito Ben very good.

We have to take a break when we come back.

We will have your number eight clip right after this.

Comedy bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang bang.

Counting them down 2013.

Gotta do it.

Gotta count them down.

You have to otherwise why are we living?

It's a territory.

It doesn't know the territory.

What do you think?

Yes sir.

When the man dances the piper pays him.

We are referencing a lot of musicals.

We are. Why not?

Why shouldn't we?

It's the end of the year.

When you watch musicals.

Fuck all of y'all.

Musical time.

Seriously.

If you don't know what we're talking about educate yourself.

This is a very great clip.

This is the one that you have voted as number eight.

All right this is number eight.

This is policy if you can tell what this is.

Okay okay okay I like this.

This is from episode 229.

229 okay okay.

We've previously heard some other episodes.

I guess we're on there.

We've heard some with this guy.

I'm a good guy.

The host was.

I can't think of it.

You can't think of it can you?

No and I won't think of it.

This is from episode two.

Episode two.

Three twenty nine Paul.

Oh well that's for the problem I was having.

That's the problem.

Yes it's 229.

This is an episode called two thumbs and not much else.

I think I know a little something about this episode.

That is right.

The guests are Ben and Schwartz.

Ben and Schwartz.

Benny Schwartz from House of Pies.

That's right.

By the way before we go into this episode.

Yes.

Benny wanted to send a message to us.

Really?

That is right.

He was in here and he wanted to send a message to the listeners.

And talk about something that he has not only thank you for voting in this episode but also talk about something he has coming up before the end of the year that he wants you to know about.

So let us hear from Ben Schwartz right now.

Special message from Ben Schwartz.

Oh thank guys.

And girls.

And squirrels.

Thank you guys so much for voting for Werner Herzog and Ben Schwartz and the best of I mean what an honor.

What a beautiful fantastic honor.

Why don't we open up the plug bag.

Talk about plugs.

Talk about plugging butts.

Talk about PLUGging butts.

Plugging butts.

Plug bag is open guys.

Guys I have actually a very special plug if that's cool with you guys.

It is that I did a special for show time.

And it's going to be one of the first times ever that long form improv will ever be on TV.

Hopefully it happens much more in the future but what it is is it's called House of Lies Live and it's going to premiere December 30th on the internet and then it's going to premiere on show time at 10 p.m. on New Year's Eve.

And it's me Don Cheadle Christen Bell, Josh Lawson from House of Lies and then these other cast members who are improvisers which is Lauren Lapkis, Eugene Cordaro and Ryan Gall and we do long form improv.

And we can curse and it's crazy and I just picture locked on it and I'm really proud of it.

And so I love if you guys can watch it.

Thank you so much.

Aw Ben, that is nice of him to say.

It was okay of him to say.

So make sure you watch that.

That sounds like a really great thing.

And so he is in this episode called Two Thumbs and Not Much Else and our good friend Werner Herzog is in this episode as well.

He is a good friend, right?

He really is.

I feel like he would be a good friend if he was your friend.

He is not my friend but I feel like he would be a good friend.

He is a good friend.

I wonder if I have any friends that aren't just friends of the show.

I thought about that a lot.

I don't think so.

Yeah, who would say is your best friend?

Oh man, you.

Boy.

Um...

But we're tight.

Yeah.

Anyway, we're in Herzog I think.

Oh yeah, let's talk about him instead of what we were just talking about.

I'd rather not.

Yes, please.

I think that he would be a great friend if he were your friend and real life.

Yeah.

I think that he would do if you needed him at a moment so he would drop everything.

At the drop of his Homburg, he would get on over.

At the drop of his Spike Talmet.

He's German.

Ok, Tyrus.

Um, ok, so the two of these guys got together and...

Me, it was the first time.

It was a magical episode.

It really was.

This is one of my favorites.

And, uh...

It made the Statue of Liberty disappear.

This is only number eight by the way.

This is crazy.

This is one of the best episodes of the year.

I can't believe anything's better than this.

Yeah, but we're going to hear from this and you're going to love it.

So let's hear that this is from your number eight.

Number eight.

Ben Schwartz we all know from.

Here we go.

Hit him with your resume.

So you didn't do any research.

You didn't do research.

I mean, I know you're on Parks and Recreation occasionally.

Ok.

Uh, that show that's based on the sign.

I'm going to stop you.

No, no, no, I'm going to stop you.

Every single time I'm on the show you say it incorrectly, to the point of now I get tweets all the time.

It's calling my show House of Pies.

Wait, that's not it?

That's not it.

Straight off the bat.

I'll tell you.

What time is it based on?

And then one time you didn't even, you didn't even purposely make a mistake.

We called it shameless a couple times.

You have no idea what my show is called.

Well look, it's not on basic cable, right?

No, it's not on basic.

Well, that's neither's IFC.

IFC is, I mean, maybe you pay for it, but it's sort of basic cable.

It's kind of basic.

It's a little higher tier, but not as high as what's your show on stars.

Oh, God.

It's on Showtime.

It's right after shameless.

It's called hit him with it.

Shameful?

Nope.

One more time.

House of shame?

Nope, the blame game.

I'm going to take you through it to say with me ready.

Shame game blame.

Look at my lips.

How are you?

I love you.

No.

No, it's not.

It's not called How Are You?

Who was that show that lasted a couple of episodes that was like, it was like they walked through a door that was popular overseas in America.

Do you remember Jason Alexander?

Wait, people walked through doors on this show?

It was called.

Thank God you're here.

It was called Thank God You're Here.

Who is that?

Who is this?

Is that Dracula?

It's your Keckula.

It sounds like Jack.

No, this is our good friend Werner Herzog is on this show.

Director extraordinaire actor from Jack Reacher.

We talked about that a little last time you're on the show.

You're a Jack Reacher?

I played the one-eyed, one-fingered villain in Jack Reacher.

Is that true?

Wait, one finger missing or one finger on his head?

He had one finger remaining pretty much.

No, spoiler!

Was it the finger you know what I'm talking about?

Was he flipping people to burn all the time?

No, that was a source of great debate between myself and the Special Effects Department who were...

Between the Special Effects Department, not the director.

Right.

They're in charge of these decisions?

Nor the prop master.

You're talking about the green screen guy.

Yes, the director was forbidden to direct me as I'm also a director.

Oh, that's out.

We're tens of self-out.

Yeah.

That's also why I kept my acting to a minimum.

Yeah, that makes sense.

Makes sense.

I wanted to, as there were green screening my fingers, I wanted to keep the middle...

So you just wore green tape over the other fingers?

It was just that simple.

Or was it a green mitten that you cut one finger off of?

That's a better idea.

I wish we had done that.

What if it's so much easier?

The glue, I had an allergic reaction to the glue from the tape from the green screen tape.

Oh, right.

So were your fingers then really turned green?

They turned green and swelled to an enormous size.

How did you know though if you couldn't see them any longer because they had green tape around them?

It's not true if you understand how green screen works.

Oh, well, I don't know.

Maybe I do.

Maybe I don't.

Let's let the listeners be the judge.

Some of the scenes you like don't have fingers, then some of the scenes your fingers are the little tiny dinosaurs or whatever the green screen guy wants to do.

That is true.

I am at the mercy of the green screener.

Now I didn't see this movie.

Oh, but what finger did it end up being?

Why didn't he see it?

Yes.

May I ask you a question?

Please, we don't need to ask each other if we can ask these.

Why did you not see the film Jack Reacher?

Well, it was an inconvenient time for me.

I believe it opened on Christmas Day.

Wait, can we first take a breath?

Werner Herzog just asked you why you didn't say Jack Reacher.

That's crazy.

It was random podcast.

Things like that happen in the show.

If you're listening to the show for the first time, maybe you're interested because you saw the TV show.

We have celebrities on like Ben Schwartz and Werner Herzog.

I don't know.

You wouldn't think that they would mix so well together, but these guys seem to be not.

But what we share in common I think is an inquisitive nature.

Yeah, that's true.

A relentless thirst for the truth.

It's true.

Honestly, he's right.

You're laughing.

Why you come on this show is to get at the truth.

Yes.

What kind of car do you drive?

Is it like a Prius?

Earth conscious car?

I drive it.

No, he hates nature.

I hate nature.

So I drive it.

It's called a Humvee limo.

It's called a Humscalade.

It's a Humvee and an Escalade.

Oh, it's going away.

They have been sawn in half and then welded together.

Wait, not the back half and the front half.

It's just literally the right half and the left half.

Exactly.

Yes.

Oh my goodness.

It takes up a street and a half.

So where do you drive?

Not many places, sadly.

But when I do, everyone knows about it.

Yeah, sure.

Werner, what finger did we get to the bottom of this?

I had the thumb and the index finger on my left hand so I could count to European style.

Smart.

Good.

Yeah.

You could also point at people and you could do a gun but a bad improv gun.

I could point at people.

I could do a bad improv gun.

I was prevented from doing an improvisation phone.

I could do a Bill Clinton.

A little harder though.

I'm going to try to practice this.

Don't ever say, oh yeah.

It's just this.

It works.

Yeah, I guess it works.

I did not have sexual relations.

That's good.

You could thumb wrestle but your bass would be very weak.

Your bass would be frail.

With thumb wrestling I had to rely very much on my forearm strength and the kindness of strangers as I illustrated the player street card named Desai.

Yeah, yeah.

Blanche.

You say you were blanche.

Blanche de boi.

How many times in the movie did you do the fans?

Ayy.

And put your thumbs up.

That's what I was going to ask is you did get to riff the who has two thumbs and little else.

This guy.

Yes.

Who sound like a gay Dracula?

Who has two thumbs.

Now you sound more like Dracula than I do.

I don't know.

That's all that was wrong.

Wait, what is it?

Who has two thumbs?

Who has two thumbs and that's pretty much it hand wise.

And then I would indicate to myself with my thumbs.

And would you say this guy?

I would say it.

Get me through it.

I would hear something.

Do the whole thing.

It would go like this.

Wait, we're looking for the killer.

Who is the killer?

Well, I'll tell you who around here has two thumbs but very little else going on hand wise.

I am such a man.

So the listener I indicated with those aforementioned with his thumbs.

That's really powerful scene.

What is your favorite movie, Werner?

Oh, good question.

That's not your own.

That's not my own.

That's not my prince either.

Oh, nice.

That's narrow things down by 95%.

Probably.

Fratty got fingered.

Herbie goes bananas.

Is that the sequel or Herbie for the loaded?

This is the original Herbie series.

Yes.

How many films in that series?

Four.

Okay.

And let's name them of course.

Herbie the Love Bug.

Herbie goes to Monte Carlo.

Monte Carlo, yes.

Herbie goes bananas.

Yes.

And then Herbie portrait of a serial killer.

Can I tell you my favorite series?

Yeah, please.

Have you guys seen them or no?

You guys are you guys seen back to future one, two and three.

Have you seen the ones after it like episode four, five and six?

No, I didn't know that.

Have you Werner?

I've heard of them but I have not seen them.

So there's like I guess this joke doesn't work with that because I don't have titles after.

So they're called the future five is the fourth one.

And then that's how you can take them.

It's all fucked up.

And that's why.

Yeah, and then my favorite one is back to the future six down and dirty.

Havana nights.

So they go down to Cuba.

They do.

Well, they go down to Cuba but it's really long time ago.

So it was not illegal to.

No, it was like dinosaurs were there dancing.

Dancing.

Yeah.

Oh, I didn't know the dinosaurs dance.

They didn't cover that in the Jurassic Park.

It is why they are extinct.

That's why.

They focused too much on their dancing.

Yeah.

And they all developed eating disorders.

Yep, they were all caring about going to the lawn.

No one had practical jobs.

That's right.

They wanted to be artists.

They were a very jealous group of lizards who envied one another and they developed the mental strain of competition.

Sure.

And they all wanted to be the lead in the recitals and only one could, you know, only one could be the black swan.

Yes.

Wow, interesting.

Or I guess a black dinosaur.

Did you almost yawn while you said that by the way?

You know what songs I had right now?

What's that?

I'm allowed to sing or copyright infringement.

I mean, I'll bust you for it.

But go ahead and sing the first.

It's from a musical.

Okay, great.

Okay.

It's just I'm going to sing the very beginning of it.

You tell me what it is for us.

Don't cry for me.

That's what it was.

Was it?

No.

Okay.

It was just ready.

It goes.

Poor.

All my life.

I've always been poor.

And I'm for.

Do you know what I'm for?

And he tells me, gee, I'm not sure.

Sleep that florke.

Oh.

Eat that florke.

I started life as an orphan.

A child of the streets.

Got an escape row.

Then it, then, then.

Then he took me and gave me shelter and bread.

But crushed bread and a job.

Treat me like dirt.

Cause me a slob which I am.

So I live downtown.

That's your home address.

You live downtown.

When your life's a mess, you live downtown.

Your depression's just status quo.

Down on skid row.

Someone tell me your way to get out of here.

Cause I constantly pray.

Now get out of here.

Won't somebody please say, I'll get out of here.

Someone call lady luck.

Cause I'm stuck here.

Down down.

Get up there well and get out of here.

Turn I guess got my back and get out of here.

Down down.

Talking burner and then I'll get out of skid.

Everybody to get out of skid.

Then when you gotta get out of skid.

Roll!

Down, down, down, down, down, down.

Down, down, down, down, down.

Down, down, down, down.

Have you ever heard of it?

Down, down, down, down, down.

Do you ever heard of that summer word?

Down, down, down, down.

Down, down, down, down, down.

Down, down, down, down.

Here we go now.

Star Wars.

Man.

Down, down, down.

Stop it up.

Star Wars.

I'm a big, big player.

Stop it up.

Stop it.

Just murder.

Do it.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Wow.

OK.

So wait.

Have you heard of that summer word?

So copy rights infringement is not to concern.

I guess not.

Now I've never heard that before.

What's that from?

It's from Little Shop of Hearts.

That's crazy.

You knew all the words you'd never heard of before.

I was just following your lead, man.

That's how good you are.

You even harmonized into the two part part.

I did not notice.

I can't wait to hear this episode.

I'm going to listen to that part.

I don't know that you demonstrated that you knew all the words.

It verged on the Fred Armiston-Christian wig segment of Wicked updated text.

I know that we can harmonize.

We didn't prove any of the things I said in a sentence.

Guys, it's time for one of our favorite features on the show.

It's time for a break.

A break.

Verdes.

The Hertz Reda Car.

He's with us today.

It's time for- What in but does that happen?

As if Rob Schneider is watching the book.

I was just going to say- Making coffees.

Making coffees, lattes.

It's time for- Has he been excluded from the grown-ups series of films?

I was wondering that.

You know, it's coming- Is that true?

It's coming out this Friday.

I have not seen him in any of the advertisements.

That's what I was wondering, because it wasn't a front and center in the ads.

Yeah, I have no idea.

I have no idea.

I would hate to think that there could be any unrest in that group of friends.

But are good friends- Nick Swartzen is in that movie?

Is that all those movies, right?

Andy Samberg is in that movie and Will Forte and Taryn Killam.

This is a very funny scene where the grown-ups go to a car wash to have their cars washed and they think it is going to be the common practice of a sexy young lady.

They're ladies washing cars in pecanis, but instead the grown-ups, they end up having their car washed by a bunch of men.

You're finding this funny, Werner.

It's the idea of it that their expectations have been- Tables are turned.

Yeah, have been destroyed.

Would you like to direct grown-ups three?

I would jump at the chance to direct such a film.

What is keeping you then?

I mean, I would love to see a comedy.

My phone has not rung.

I would love to direct a hilarious Hollywood comedy.

What would your idea of a grown-ups three?

What would happen in it?

Set pieces.

We have our cast, right?

We have our Kevin James, we have our Adam Sandler, we have our Chris Rock, we have our David Spade.

That's correct.

And possibly Schneider.

Hopefully.

I would definitely bring him back into the mix.

Even if he wasn't friends anymore with Sandler?

Especially.

Oh, why?

I would use the friction to fuel the story.

Which is the grown-ups find themselves in a burning building.

And how many- I mean, this is a question I have to ask you.

How many of them make it out?

Well, I don't want to spoil anything but none.

That's not spoiling anything I think.

That's like the original ending of Little Shabahar's.

And how soon into the movie do they burn alive?

Not all of them burn alive.

Oh, some of them commit suicide first?

Well, yes, but not all of them.

Okay.

Who's the last one to perish?

That Alan Fellow, who's in all of the Sandler movies.

Alan Corbert?

Yes.

He's the last man standing.

The last man standing.

What does he say?

He is a firefighter who comes in just a moment too late and then he is crushed by a beam.

So then what's the last frame of our film?

As he was crushed by the beam, he says, I'm a homosexual.

Why?

And then everyone- Because it's a laugh line.

It's a laugh line.

The film such as these posited, the idea that homosexuality is the funniest thing you can even imagine.

And then you're crushed.

So I want to end the film on a big laugh line.

But then crushed by a beam.

Yes, his just rewards.

Yes, it is ever thus to homosexuals in films like this.

It is no less than he deserves.

You are getting so dark this segment.

I have to say, my goodness.

I'm just trying to make everyone laugh.

You're doing great.

Thank you from Adeliona.

That's a rave.

I don't own Adeliona.

It's a reference to a commercial for rye bread from decades ago.

Well, tell us about this commercial.

I'd love to hear about it.

Why are you just referencing a commercial that nobody would know?

What is an American television commercial growing up as a young man in Germany?

I was obsessed with television advertising.

Anything American.

Rock and roll blue jeans, commercials for rye bread.

And there was a series of, it was a montage of different doer deli owners of New York City.

And they made, the makers of this rye bread made sandwiches for these deli owners to sample the idea being that they would get a taste of this wonderful bread and say something positive about it.

And then one by one, they all give these reviews that are damning with their faint praise saying, it's all right.

I don't mind it.

And then the last fellow says, it makes a nice sandwich.

And then the announcer's voice comes in and says, from a deli owner, that's a rave because they are notoriously stingy with their compliments about foodstuffs.

Yeah.

That sounds amazing.

Oh, God.

I haven't seen a commercial for rye bread in a long time.

Do you ever see that commercial for Where's the Beef?

Well, that wasn't for Where's the Beef.

Yeah, for that product.

Where's the beef?

No, you're thinking of that's what the woman says.

What?

No, she says, Where's the Beef?

It's for Wendy's.

What's Wendy's?

Wendy's is a commercial.

A million times is for Where's the Beef?

And what is she pointing at?

She's pointing at the burger has no beef on the regular burgers, but a Wendy's it has more of it.

It's like, Hey, come to Where's the Beef and you get the beef?

Have you ever been to Where's the Beef?

I do have to have.

I've always wanted to go.

I've never seen one around.

I assumed it was a regional thing.

I do have to ask you, Scott, do you in your mind, you remember the announcer saying, come to Where's the Beef?

Of course.

I saw it a million times.

He obviously says that.

Where?

What part?

Ready?

You be the woman.

Yeah, okay.

Hey, I want a hamburger.

I want to be advertised.

Yes, please.

Of course.

You don't mind, Vernon.

I will play the role of the fellow who is serving the beefless hamburger.

That's great.

And who are you?

I'm your friend.

Oh, okay.

You're my friend.

The other old lady.

Come on, lady.

Hey.

Let's talk to this gentleman.

We'd like two burgers, please.

Two of them.

Welcome to the hamburger establishment.

Two burgers, you say?

Yes, please.

One moment, please.

Make those two hamburgers promptly.

Oh, we have some already waiting under some lights.

Fantastic.

Here are your two burgers, ladies and gentlemen.

Thank you very much.

Amazing.

This big burger tastes terrible.

Let's go to Where's the Beef?

No.

Wait, I have a question.

Where's the beef?

Yes, let's go there.

No, where's the beef?

Yes, let's go to Where's the Beef?

Sir, where's the beef?

Where's Where's the Beef?

Are you referring to this skimpy serving of beef that is in this hamburger?

Yes.

I do apologize.

I hope you understand that the corporate culture that has a stranglehold on this nation causes us to serve less than satisfactory food.

Well, I think that portion sizes could be reduced.

We're all getting too fat these days.

You raise an interesting idea.

Perhaps it is time to cut back on our beef consumption.

Did you know that if I'm the director I'm saying cut now?

What?

Because I don't know what the product is?

I was about to go.

That's what my product is.

I was about to go into the fact that 90% of the truck traffic in the United States is from beef.

Well as the director, can I come in here for a second?

Well, as you know, I know he'll drill for me due to direct me.

I guess you'll just have to direct me.

You direct Scott, I will carry on with the commercial in the way that I see fit.

Okay.

While I'm directing him?

Yes.

Okay, well, the whole thing is also at the beginning if the hamburgers are there waiting days, why would you just take them out immediately?

They're there right next to them.

The other time it's not the beef.

It's about Wendy's.

It's about the burger inside.

Okay.

You never want me to say where's the beef?

Say where's the beef?

We should go to Wendy's.

They have big burgers.

We get to do business.

I mean just like it's jumping this.

Jumping this I guess.

Excuse me.

Where's the beef?

Stop cut.

Listen to me.

I have notes again.

I wonder what you got to do.

Don't say where's the beef.

Say literally where's the beef.

We got to get a bigger burger.

Okay.

You can jump in.

It's like a fucking water side.

Excuse me sir.

Where is that beef?

Stop.

You didn't even say beef on that time.

Okay.

I fear this is what you should do.

You say with my name to the state to be.

You said beef.

Where's the beef?

I couldn't possibly say it.

Say it with me.

Where's the beef?

I'm going to jump in.

Go to the beef.

Beep the beep.

Cut.

That'll do it.

All right.

We got it.

Number eight.

Oh man.

Huh?

Scott, when I think of that episode, I think of little children saying the pledge of allegiance and flipping the script and pledging to overturn the United States government.

I'm so thrilled.

I don't know why you're thinking of that.

Well, it makes me happy.

Okay.

All right.

Really.

So you're an anarchist?

I guess so.

Well, I'm not an anarchist, but I like the idea that little kids are.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

I believe the children are certainly a future.

How should we handle this?

Let them live.

It's the lyric of the suck.

I believe the children of the future.

Let them live.

Let them show the way.

Let them live the end.

Yeah.

Or just die.

Roger.

All right.

So before we take a break, we have time for one little tiny.

Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

Boop, boop, boop, boop.

This is a clip.

And this is from episode 191, which it was our holiday episode last year.

Oh, Merry Christmas.

Did not make it into our Top 15 nor our Top 20, but that already was a great episode.

That was a star-studded one as well.

This is a little chunk of that episode.

This is our musical friend Bjork dropped by.

Oh, sure.

From Iceland.

And to sing a Christmas carol for us.

And people, I think it's apropos of the season, and people requested this bonus clip a lot.

So let's hear that.

This is Bjork singing Silent Night.

Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop.

Bonus!

So I was hoping to play my rendition of Silent Night, which is a mashup of my song.

It's also quiet.

Quiet.

You know it?

I do know it.

Oh, that's a good video.

Yeah.

Well, this isn't going to be the video, okay?

Okay, we use...

It's a podcast.

You're just saying that he enjoyed the video.

Not every compliment is...

What?

But I enjoy someone who's not you.

No, we really got off on the wrong foot here.

Paris.

Fuck you.

It's almost like he's heard the program before.

Yeah, I know.

Or people just really hate me right off the bat.

Alright, so you want to sing Silent Night, Bjork?

Yes, and I won't be representing any video.

Fish, what?

I know, I wasn't saying that.

No AV equipment here at all.

We know.

Unplugged acoustic performance.

So this is quite a treat.

Bjork was Silent Night here on Comedy Bang Bang.

Let's hear it.

Silent Night.

Shh.

Holy night.

Shh.

Oh no.

Oh no, oh no.

Come.

Shh.

Oh yes, right.

Shut the fuck up.

I don't know.

It's a baby Jesus.

He tried to sleep.

You keep making night.

You stupid fucking shut up.

But you're fucking, fucking alcoholics.

Fuck your sheep, shut the fuck up.

Oh, holy.

I am so damn.

I am.

What the fucking problem?

I'm so damn.

Oh, holy.

I'm so damn.

Thank you very much.

Wow.

What an incredible acoustic performance.

All right, great bonus clip.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we will have your number seven episode of the year.

Nut.

It is nuts.

It's nuts.

All right, come on back.

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back here with Paul of Tomkins.

Hello.

We just have one last clip.

Just one last clip, Scott.

Can you believe it?

This is an exciting one.

I'm excited about it because when I think of clips in the order in which they descend, I think that the lower the number gets, actually the more the excitement increases because what we're saying is the lesser numbers are actually greater in stature.

Yeah, I believe we've talked about that on previous countdown.

Shouldn't it go one through ten, but the ten is the best?

Yeah.

It's very confusing.

I'm reading backwards on my notes.

I know.

I'm here about all this stuff.

I have to go from the bottom of the page up.

Who is the time?

It doesn't make any sense.

That's why when they do countdowns for spacecraft blasting off, when they say 5, 4, 3, nose 1, it seems like such a, I think everybody gets disappointed.

Especially because they go all the way down to zero.

Yeah, they do.

Sometimes they go to negative one.

Yeah.

It's confusing these days.

That's why in television, it really doesn't go to negative one these days.

They do.

Yeah, it's crazy.

They pass that law.

Have a rocket started to take off at one?

Yeah, it's been like, wait, wait.

It's been like, and then it goes, uh oh, and then it goes back down.

I feel like you can feel the air go out of the room when it gets down to zero.

Because all of those guys in NASA who clutch their pens and stare at the computer screen like hoping that the space shuttle doesn't, you know, nothing goes wrong with it, you know.

They'll get fired.

Yeah.

All the, that's the worst thing that happens.

Have to the challenge explode.

Oh man.

Heads roll.

Oh, look how shit can't.

Guy to go into his wife with his cardboard box full of, full of, full of, full of, full Friday my lights. I can't wait until next year. That's going to be so good. Wait. Because, you know why? Because it won't happen a lot. But when it does happen, it's going to be amazing.

I hope I remember it. I'm OK at the callbacks. Well, I'll be remembered. We tape a lot of episodes. I think you're really good at the callbacks. I think you I think you there are very few instances where you've missed a my wife. That's the only one. No, there's a few.

You know, though, I haven't done the my wife's recently. I'm trying to think of how long it's been. It's been a couple of months, I think, since we've done it. Um, portion of color.

Yes. You didn't know what was going on. No, I know that.

That's for our life from Toronto.

If you want to know what that reference is about, you should want to know that was it.

That was requested a lot. The life from Toronto clip was requested a lot. It was a little too long to include in this role playing the role playing. Yeah.

That was a lot of fun. I had a lot of fun. Those nuts people really like that. And I got a lot of requests for it, but it will not be this is an old this is an old expression, but that was as nuts as a pile of nuts. That's a super old expression. Yeah. Nobody says anything. That's probably I don't know. That was old like probably, I don't know, episode 257.

That old that old. Yeah.

Speaking of episodes, we have to get to your number seven episode. And this is it. This is number seven. Number seven. All right. So this is from episode 236. And this is, it's interesting that you make that noise. Why? The one that you just did. Make it again. If you could. Yeah, that one. I mean, interesting person. Yeah.

Well, I mean, but it sounded like someone on our next. Oh, I don't make a grunt. Yeah.

Of thought. Yes. Do it again.

Yeah. That sounds, I mean, you don't know that you're doing it, but that's a great impression of someone on our next. I don't like that. I don't know that I'm doing it. It's very sinister. When you were just making a grunting noise sounds a lot like you have this knowledge that that I don't have and I make it. Yes. I made the list.

Well, you got me there. That's right. If you knew if everyone knew what was coming on the list, this would not be exciting anymore. If everyone knew. Yeah. It's kind of right. You know what I mean? I got high before this recording. Did you really? And that just blew my mind. Wait, it wasn't on your own supply, was it? Yeah. Oh, no. I never do that. I know. And you know what? It's written on the bag too. Yeah. Oh, warning. Do not get high on your own supply bags that I'm selling.

If you supply this, don't get high on it. Oh my gosh. All right. This is. Oh, seriously, but I do deal drugs. So if anybody wants drugs for me, yeah, that's very important. This is from episode 236. This is an episode called murderer heaven. Murderer heaven. Murderer heaven. Yes. An interesting episode. We have Rob Cordray from Children's Hospital. 2D's, 2R's. It's like cord, the word cord, and then dry. The word dry. Just put 2R's. My mistake.

No, no, just 2D's. Yeah. There's 2R's. There's a cord in cord. Oh, that's true. You saved me. Yeah. Book ending. His name is not a palindrome. It is not. It's a half fast palindrome that somebody didn't think through. Mr. and Mrs. Cordray? You fucked up. It should be cord drawred. It should exactly. Oh, it shouldn't be. Wait. It should be cordrick. Cordrick. Cordrick.

All right. So this is from an episode called murderer heaven and Rob Cordray. Rob and I are talking and then someone comes in and interrupts us and a really interesting person who was making his first appearance on the show. So let's hear from that. This is episode number seven. Number seven. A PA on a hot tub time machine to could do a, now everybody can do a Christopher Walken, right? Pretty much. Everybody has their version of a walken.

He had the best one, just his PA name, Chris, the best, best one I'd ever heard. And I don't remember a Christopher Walken ever saying this, but it sounds very walken. And that's what you're really going to find if you're doing a walken.

And his walken was just a couple words. Good for you. Good for you. Soup is good food.

How would he say that, I wonder? Soup is good food. I think he'd say like he just puts periods. Yeah.

Well, that's what he does, Rob, is he takes a script and he erases all punctuation, including periods, which in my opinion, that's the most important punctuation on the page. I agree with you. Any sentence. I agree. Thomas, take him to leaving. Period. I need to know when to stop. It was the seventies, man, right? That's true.

Good point. Punctuation is for children. When did punctuation, by the way, and when did punctuation, when was it invented?

Is that like a 1950s thing? No, no punctuation. Yeah. That was either. That's been Franklin.

Benjamin Franklin invented punctuation. Another one of his the bifocals. The guy did it all, man. The semicolon. He disguided it all. This guy. Yeah.

You a big Franklin guy? Yeah.

Big Franklin guy. Yeah. The whole deal with him. The whole look, the whole the food, the syphilis. You won't even carry anything less. Statesmanship.

You won't carry anything less than a hundred dollar bill because of Franklin. Isn't that right? I will. Well, that's I only carry one hundred dollar bills because they don't have hepatitis on them. Right. Yes.

Because the the one dollar bills, those are the worst.

Because those are best thing. Disguessing they've been so many poor people have been handling. How many crushed up pills have been snorted? Oh, through one dollar. What's that? Oh, that's a this. Oh, clanking chains. What Rob do you hear? The sound of clanking chains. Do you hear what I hear? Yeah. Yeah. I'm not talking about a little drummer boy. I'm talking about it. I think it's a heckle, right? I don't know. I'm not sure because I also hear clanking chains, which isn't a traditional heckle.

Clanking. Clanking chains. That's more of a ghost. Oh, it's just a creaking door. Bo.

Bo. Wait a minute. Let me let me turn my head to the left and see if I can see some sort of apparition. Do you mind? Yeah. Normally I prefer to stare straight into my guess. I would love the break. Okay. Well, I'll do it then. Go ahead.

Here I go. Ready? Yeah.

Bo. There's some sort of a ghostly apparition to my left here. Please forgive my haunting of you. Bo. Now, Rob, I'm only getting half of this gentleman's face. Are you seeing the other half? I think you should really got to take a look at the other half of this guy's face. Excuse me. Spirit. Yes. Hello. Do you mind turning towards me? It's going to be very unpleasant for you. It's very disarming. That's the nicest I've ever heard it described.

Thank you. Yeah. Oh my goodness. You have a half of a mask on your face covering up half of your face much akin to the Phantom of the Opera. I've received that comparison before.

Bo. Wait. Now you're a ghost? That's correct. And as far as I'm concerned, you look a little like and this maybe isn't possible. You look a little like the character on Boardwalk Empire.

Yeah. The sort of the assassin. I believe his name is War Hero. Richard Harrow. Present.

Wow. This is Richard Harrow. Wow. The ghost of him. Bo. You're the ghost of Richard Harrow.

Well, of course. Yes. You must be dead by now. You can stop saying spider web. You can stop saying creepy Halloween things. We've established your ghost. Thank you. Okay. Thank you. Yes. I was. I was. Sure that it was apparent. What are you doing here spirit? Are you wait before we begin? Are you a bit of undigested potato? No. Okay. Thank you. All right. Please proceed then. I'm coming here from murderer heaven. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Wait. You got to break that down. Did you have a question? Yeah. Hold on. As far as I'm concerned in my America, murderers go straight down to H E double hockey sticks.

Hello, my friend. What is this you're talking about? I'm just telling you what I know of the life beyond this, which is that there's a special heaven for murderers who are sad.

Oh, wait, murderers who were sad and repentant self conscious sad murderers, penitent? No, they're not with just sad. That's the threshold. Self conscious. No, the murderers heaven.

My goodness, because they like children, even though they shoot people into throat. Wait, so you're sad about what you I've seen you on the show murder a lot of people. Yeah, that's true. That those TV shows are based on actual events.

That's true. Yeah, it's a historical docudrama. It's fun. And you seem very sad. You are sad. Yeah, you're admittedly sad. I think probably because I only have half a face. And that is what makes you self conscious. You're not sad about the murders? The murders, to be honest, make me feel a little bit better. So you slipped into murderers heaven on a technicality. The fact that you're sad about your face a little bit better does not mean happy. I still have a murderer heaven in my America is for murderers who are sad about the murders they committed, not murderers who are happy about the murders they committed and who happened to be sad about their half a face. You'll forgive me if I feel I know a bit more about murder or heaven than you do. Do you know anything about the I imagine there could be an infinite number of heavens now? Do you know anything or you just just 12? Just 12? Oh, wow. One for each of the wait, they're seven deadly sins. So each of those and then five more.

Pretty much. What are the other five? Dog heaven. Oh, yeah.

All dogs do that. Makes you a regular heaven. Okay. Okay. That brings you up to 10 heavens at this point. Two more to go. Yeah. Beach heaven, which is like heaven, but it's all a beach. That's what I want to get to. Who goes there? It's too popular really.

How do you get to grease the wheels somehow to get in there? It pays to know someone.

Okay. Yeah. And then I help.

It's not a heaven. It is. What? Yeah. I'm not supposed to tell people. Please don't repeat that. But hell is just another heaven. Who's going to hell if we've covered all the seven deadly sins and they're going to their respective heavens.

It's a spill over from beach heaven.

What? So basically when beach heaven is too full, they don't come back as zombies. They just get moved over to hell. That's right. Huh. Interesting.

It's not so bad. This doesn't sound bad at all. Any of this? The music is great. In hell?

That's right. Or in beach heaven. Well, both really. Can I ask it? And I've been dying to know this ever since the program. In the music is played by the best musicians, but all they play is Kokomo by the Beach Boys. Now, but here's what I'm dying to know.

Is the guy who laughed at the surfer wiping out? Where did he go? He went to the actual hell. He's the only one there. Wait a minute. You just said spill over. There's another. You double hell? Under under the hell. That's the heaven. That's the spill over from beach heaven is an actual hell, which is solely occupied by the guy who laughs at the surfer wiping out in the song wipe out. Wow. And he you say laughs. Why did you even mention that guy? That's strange. It's strange. It's weird. You say laughs? Is he continuing to laugh? That's all he wants to stop, but he has to laugh for all of eternity. Wow. That's his punishment.

That makes sense. And what he sees is a surfer standing on a surfboard, not wiping out.

But looking at him like, why are you laughing? Brutal. God, that's terrible. He's terribly embarrassed. Well, he deserves it. Hmm. Well, Mr. Harrow, may I call you Mr. Harrow? Please or should I call you the ghost of Mr. Harrow? What is it?

Does ghost have kind of like a prefix that you like? Please call me Mr. Ghost. Hmm. Not even Harrow. Please call me the former Richard Harrow. Okay, the former Richard Harrow.

What? What brings you here to the studio?

I mean, we're not haunted by ghosts often, but when we are, they usually have some sort of purpose. I'm coming to earth to tell children. Don't put your teeth under pillows because it's unsanitary. Wait, the whole tooth fairy thing? Yeah.

Is there a tooth fairy? Of course there is. Cool. Wait. So you want children not to put their teeth under pillows, even though there is an actual tooth fairy, by the way, where does tooth fairy live? Tooth fairy. In one of those heavens? In Jewish heaven. Oh, okay.

Oh, the money thing. Yeah, I got it. Oh, you really twisted my words. How she must regret leaving those pennies under the pillows. Oh, you know what? I think I'm mistaken. Come think of it. Just be seven.

Yeah. People are constantly wiping out and knocking their teeth out. Tooth fairy. Thank you for amending that. That was a close one. Yeah. So, but even though the tooth fairy exists, you don't want children to benefit from this? What kind of a monster are you? The tooth fairy has instructed me to instruct children not to put teeth on top under pillows anymore because it's unsanitary. Oh, tooth fairy knows when children lose their teeth and will collect them when it's time. There's no need to go through that old rigmarole. But look, here's part of my problem with this. Like when I was a kid and I lost teeth, I'd be out in the middle of a field somewhere and all of a sudden you go, go, go, go, it's loose. And then there it is. Like what? I'm supposed to go back to the field the next day to pick up my, you know, my quarter. Where did you grow up? You know, I don't see why that's your main. I don't understand you lost your tooth in a field. But how does that prevent you from I don't understand your issue. I'm saying kids don't put teeth on the pillows anymore. You're saying you lost your tooth in a field. And now you. What I'm trying to say is the tooth fairy is just going to come to wherever the tooth happens to be where children supposed to put it in a plastic bag. The tooth fairy is not coming for the tooth the tooth fairy doesn't want teeth. What? It just wants to give money. Then why does the tooth fairy care? Yeah. If the tooth is unsanitary.

This doesn't make any sense. The former Mr. Harrow. Children have gotten it wrong and parents have told their children the wrong thing. And I hate when parents are mean to kids.

And so I've come to her to tell kids don't put teeth on the pillows and also to murder their parents. Wow. Now I feel like we've gotten to the real center of your mission.

And if the kids don't get the message about the teeth, that's okay. What now? Rob, your parents will pay. Rob, you're a father. Yeah. Yeah. How are you kids? Steve? Loose?

No. Yeah, there's a couple loose ones. You have loose teeth braces. We were just in the dentist the other day. It's a it's a nightmare. I'm a prime candidate for murder right now. Yeah. Could you repeat that, please? Don't please don't. Don't repeat that. Do you think your children have ever wanted to murder you, Rob? Yeah, probably. Probably in there in an elementary sense.

And but luckily they don't have a ghost of a of a sad, self-conscious hitman and a fucking fairy telling them to do so. So that's my problem. So how are you trying to get the message out? Just are you starting on my will? He starts with boo.

I'm starting. I imagine playing chains. First day's a boo. Then I say clanking chains. Wouldn't that normally scare off? I'm not done. Then I say squeaking door spider web. I say spider web. And that usually gets people's attention. Sure. But doesn't scare off the children? Your intended audience? I'm about to find out. My plan is this. First, I go to a podcast where I assume a lot of tiny children listen. Then I will visit these children in the middle of the night shaking them roughly awake. Wait, you're hoping show me your teeth. Show me your loose teeth.

You're hoping the children listen to the show. And then how are you going to get to these children who have listened to the show? You know, you see what I'm saying? How are you going to find them? I'll just hover through the walls of homes. Willy nilly. I got time.

Hmm. Okay. So then it's hard planned to poke a hole in. It sounds terrible. It sounds like a terrible. A house where there are no children. I will very quickly kill the occupants and then move on. You seem more like an angel of retribution. Yeah. Like, I'm not going to just on a murder spree. Seems like a strange conclusion to draw. I'm just a guy who's very self conscious about having half a face. You do seem very health as health conscious as well. Not just. You look right. You look great. You know, wait, is there exercise in heaven in any kind of a lot of cardio? I would hope that when you get up to heaven, you don't have to do cardio. No one does. It's just fun. Really? So they've finally get it.

Oh, that's why it's heaven. Plus, everybody has an iPad so you can just watch your shows.

Get up there on the old elliptical. Yeah. Gotcha on Buffy the Vampire Slayer. You always meant to watch it. Now's your chance. Well, this all makes sense to me. Rob, do you have any questions? No episodes of Firefly and Heaven. There's more episodes? Just a second season. Oh, okay. Even in heaven, it got canceled after heaven. Not enough people watch it. That's too bad. But I'd take another season. Only. Do you have any spoilers? That's right. After everyone's been speaking, random Chinese words for a while in the final episode of season two, a Chinese person appears. And says, Hey guys, hey, wouldn't you think there would have been more of me? Seeing as everyone seeing his Chinese is so pervasive that everyone is speaking in the future. You think there would have been a Chinese person sooner than this? Everyone has a good laugh. Yeah. And then just freeze frame. High five free frame.

Number seven. Wow, Richard Harrow, huh? The ghost of Richard Harrow. Lucky seven. Yep.

That was a video podcast as well. That was, yes, people can watch that episode on video as well as the number 12 episode, Pinot in the rain video as well. That's right. Stunning visual element to it. That's right. It's worth seeking out.

You should check check out that Richard. Yeah, Richard Harrow was wearing the half mask and because half his face is blown off. Yes. And you should really check that out on video.

That is a good one. You can get that at earwolf.com under the comedy bang bang show pages.

It's also on my YouTube channel.

Is it? Yes. One with two plates. Two. There's two places.

Wow. Two sides of the coin to turn to sides of the coin. You're gonna lose two. Is that a song for real? Yes. Oh, nice in service of Satan. Boy, they're not doing a good job. Hey, hard not. I'm not recruiting a lot of people these days. Do you think Satan's angry?

Like guys, I made you knights. I gave you fame. Rich is wealth and ace. You squandered it. I gave you cool makeup to cover up your ugly faces. That's mean. I couldn't do anything to your voices other than W in Kiss Meets the Phantom of the Park. Well, that's not how I open these points with the power to my mind.

Guys were a million years old. If you're a 13 year old, you have no idea what we have fun. Paul, that and also sex is great. You're gonna love it.

You are good. Hey, you know what though? I bet they've already had it. It's babies have babies. Oh, babies haven't babies.

The worst. These haven't these. Paul, that's the end of our countdown for this episode.

For this episode. That's right. We have two more best of episodes still to come. I can't believe it. And we're going to countdown your number six through one in those following episodes. So that's going to be exciting. It's a nail biter.

I'm fucking freaking out over here. It says squicker. I'm speaking of my nails. Ah, some close ones coming up in the next ones too. All right. We will see you on part three of this best of 2013.

Paul, I'll see you there, right? Yeah, I'll be there. All right. See you then.

This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman. For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf Radio Boom.com. The worst dead.

End of video.

the end of video. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.

You You You You You You .

.
