♫ Come on, come on, come on, yeah ♫ ♫ Come on, come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Come on, the best bang ♫ ♫ Oh, yeah ♫ ♫ Oh, yeah ♫ ♫ Oh, yeah ♫ ♫ Ah, boom ♫ Why don't more songs end with ah, boom?

I don't know, it sounded so good.

It's a perfect button on any song.

Yeah.

Ah, welcome to Comedy Bang Day.

♫ Boom, boom, boom ♫ ♫ Brave, ah, boom ♫ We all, or don't, whatever you choose.

He's getting fired.

Wait, they only play ball because he commands them too?

No, well, cause he leaves them until they're option.

Well, that's, yeah.

So they could not play ball unless he commanded them to.

People pay, they bought tickets.

And they can do nothing but play ball because he commanded them to.

Exactly, exactly.

That people bought tickets.

You can't like give the players the option.

They'll leave, of course they'll wouldn't you?

Of course they, I would, of course.

I wanna play fucking baseball.

No one wants to play baseball.

No one wants to watch it.

No one wants to play it.

No one's gonna look at it.

Because at home, the people in the stands, somebody told them, Grossy baseball!

They have no choice.

If the umpire went one by one to all their houses.

Grossy baseball!

Thumpire, I shorten it to the umpire.

Thumpire.

Thumpire, ah, the beer.

The thumpier.

Ah, welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Best of 2022 Part III.

Oh yeah.

Day after Christmas edition.

Christmas was just yesterday.

God, how was your Christmas?

It was good, I mean.

Bad, bad question?

This is where we had a home invasion.

Why would you schedule that for Christmas?

I know.

Someone came down with chimney.

It was crazy, anyway.

It's impossible to go down a chimney, right?

There's no chimney that's wide enough for a person to go down.

Yeah, especially someone of such girth.

Don't fat shame Santa.

You fat shamed the snowman last episode.

Can you hear me?

See, it's a can?

He's saying that's ears.

Yeah, but he always sees me when I'm sleeping.

The snowman, he's deaf.

Yeah, they never talk about the snowman's ears.

Years made out of beats.

Come on.

B.

By Trey, put some headphones on it.

So at least people know that he doesn't have ears.

Thank you.

It's by Trey headphones.

My name is Scott Ocarman.

I'm the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

And yeah, this is the day after Christmas.

And this is part three of the best of 2022.

I as always during the best ofs and joined here by my good friend and collaborator and what was going to happen?

We are collaborators.

Yes.

And we helped the Nazis take France.

Never been caught.

Maybe we shouldn't be saying it.

Now surely the statute of limitations has expired on those one of those.

Yeah, they are too.

But Paul of Tomkins is with me.

Hi, everyone.

I want to say hello to all my fans.

And all my foes.

If you're a hater and a loser, I still say hi to you.

Happy Boxing Day to even the haters and losers.

Yeah, it's not only Boxing Day, it's Christmas Day substitute.

What?

Well, you see Christmas is on a Sunday this year.

Boo.

So for the actual federal holiday, I believe they use today.

On the federal holiday of Christmas.

I was thinking about that recently about how Christmas is the only religious holiday that's also a federal holiday.

Well, no other.

No, it's not.

Good Friday?

Easter's always on a Sunday.

Good Friday.

Yeah, we're closing federal offices because of Good Friday.

It's the only one.

And so to me, it's like New Year's Eve is religious.

Full disclosure.

New Year's Eve is not religious.

And it is not a federal holiday.

Yes, it is.

New Year's Day is a holiday and New Year's Eve is not religious.

It is too.

It is not.

Every year on New Year's Rockin' Eve, Dick Clark would pray.

You would pray to be immortal and then look what happened.

God struck him down.

Just in time.

Two.

God, because one more year he would have been immortal.

Happy New Year.

And once again, God, please grant me eternal life.

We'll see you next year.

Please watch America's Funniest Home Videos.

This is at 10.30 PM.

You're like, no, Dick, you gotta stay on for another hour and a half at least.

Nope, rerun it.

But, so full disclosure, right?

Just talked about this in my stand-up set on December 18th at the Frytopia Show.

Frytopia.

Which I think is maybe, it might be up for VOD by now on Vimeo.

People should wanna check it out.

But, when you talk about the war on Christmas, it's already over, dude, because Christmas is a federal holiday.

All these people get up.

Christmas won.

They don't worship Jesus Christ.

And they still get the holiday off.

You should be able to take Christmas as a federal holiday if you can prove you worship Jesus Christ.

Exactly.

Like, you gotta have like at least a 60-second video of you worshiping Jesus Christ.

Yes.

Oh, Jesus Christ.

Thanks for the praise.

Oh, my dear Jesus.

I'm not just saying that to get the damn.

So sorry, gang, it's over.

You lost.

You snooze?

You know what happens?

You lose.

Fuck around?

You lose as well.

Gotta be two hits.

You lose.

You losing me?

You losing you.

All right, on this episode, we're going to be counting down your choices for episodes eight through five.

When Scott says your choices, he's not looking at me specifically because he's trying to communicate that it's you, the audience.

And I'm talking to you right now, the audience.

That's right.

It's your choice.

You voted on these.

And if you didn't, I don't know why you're listening to this.

Yeah.

You obviously don't care.

You don't give a shit.

If it's not a countdown to how great you are, then you don't fucking care.

Oh, Jesus, you're so great.

I would listen to that though.

Oh, yeah.

I can't count down to why Jesus is so great.

Number 10, no sins.

Oh, that's pretty, pretty low on the countdown.

You know, the closest he came was when he got angry at that fig tree that time.

That's number one.

I'm getting angry at the fig tree.

Yeah.

Oh, man.

Jesus is hungry.

He's like, I'll get some figs.

What? No figs.

No figs on here.

Fuck you.

You're dead forever.

What is what a squandering of a miracle?

Fucking cuz he got angry.

Precedy little bitch.

Hey, hey, hey, if you're religious, we apologize.

It's not this.

This isn't that kind of show.

But Bill Maher will be the guest on this.

Talking about cancel culture, of course.

No, this is the best of Comedy Bang Bang, which is the podcast that you're listening to.

And Comedy Bang Bang is we've explained it on previous parts of this, but it is the show where I, Scott Ockerman, and the host.

And then I sometimes have celebrities on, talking to them.

And then we also have comedians playing characters or fake people, insane people.

And it's an interview show where we talk to them.

Not all of them are insane.

Yeah, sure.

Some of them are the most sane.

That's scary.

Is Batman insane or is he the most sane of them all?

I think he's got mental problems, Batman.

Yeah, you too.

You know, I'm playing this, this game.

Chris Wayne.

I'm playing Bruce Wayne into Christmas, Carol.

Chris, Chris, this is a ghost of Christmas Gotham.

This is a mashup that I proposed.

And I can't believe they went for it.

And we got funding.

I'm playing a video game called Gotham Knights.

Yes, good, good game for my character.

Which begins with Batman dying.

Oh.

And I started playing it.

And you thought you lost the media?

Yeah, I was like, what the fuck?

What a short game.

I didn't even get to punch anybody.

I started it.

I think it was like the evening of the day that Kevin Conroy died, who did The Voice of Batman.

Oh, yeah.

You know, in anime shows and many of these video games.

For some reason when you said Kevin Conroy, I thought it was Kevin Dillon.

Don't ever think of him.

It's like, he died.

Bro.

I don't know.

Bro.

I just saw him in the blob.

Great movie.

I'll take your word for it.

It's really good.

Sure.

Frank Darabont.

Broden.

Yeah.

And the game begins with a scene of a video screen.

And Batman, mask off Bruce Wayne style, is saying, if you're watching this, that means I'm dead.

And I was like, what the fuck?

And then it turns out it was not Kevin Conroy doing The Voice in this game.

Oh.

But it was still like a weird bummer.

I thought it was a weird transmission from the other side.

No.

Paul, if you're watching this, I'm dead.

No, I didn't think that.

I'm sorry.

Paul, are you listening to me?

If you're watching this, Paul F. Topkins.

I, Kevin Conroy.

Dead.

Now, enjoy the game.

And I'll see you in three years.

What?

In hell.

How come if you're a psychic, like a medium or whatever?

Yeah.

Do you ever tell people, oh, no, they're in hell?

Oh, no, they're being tormented.

The person you're trying to contact?

They're in hell.

Yeah.

Every spirit is supposedly just wandering around her.

They're like right over there.

Like, yeah.

He wants to tell you he's doing fine.

He's glad he's at peace.

Instead of like, he wants to tell you he's paying for his sins.

He wants to tell you, ouch, ouch, please stop pointing me.

He's torturing him every day.

Please stop poking me with that pitchfork in the butt.

Oh, he's in the butt.

He loves to stab people in the butt.

Why does he have a pitchfork?

He's bailing hay.

Hell hay.

Oh, no, not hell hay.

I love hell hay.

We love it.

Century Boulevard in hell.

Do you know what that, of course, the Dodgers will play that song when they win?

Yep.

And only when they win.

We hate LA when they don't win.

Oh, no, when they don't when they play short people.

And I just discovered this, my daughter Natalie Walker told me this, that when the Mets, no, the Yankees, when the Yankees win a game, they play New York, New York, the Frank Sinatra version, of course.

But when they lose, they play the Liza Manelli version.

Strange.

Yeah.

It's throwing a little bit of shade on all these things.

Jump, jump, jump, jump.

Interesting.

Wait, maybe they play your version.

Jump, jump, jump, jump, jump.

Oh, stosh, spreading in your lap.

I'm happy that she's.

We're going to be hearing your choices for eight through five on the countdown.

And before we get to those though, we have a very special guest.

She was on the show last year.

What was she doing here?

Delivering something, delivering something, making delivery to us.

To us.

Of what?

Of baked goods.

I believe that's right, the baker is back.

Hi.

The baker is back.

Baker, welcome back.

Thank you.

Hello, Baker.

Baker, I think.

Thank you for having me.

The baker is the only guest we've ever had on the best of.

Is that true?

No, did we have Nick and Brad on?

Oh, yes.

That's right.

They had to explain something.

No, no, I just wanted to talk to them because they wrote so many great things, but they didn't perform them.

They wrote like Don and Gary songs and stuff like that.

You felt like things are wearing a little thing with me.

Like people didn't even know that.

Yeah, I was a little bored of this whole thing.

It says people who have been talking for hours at this point with each other.

But yeah, the baker is here.

We don't name her by name.

She wants to remain anonymous.

Well, you were saying what the show consists of and it consists of celebrities and comedians playing normal people who are crazy.

And I'm a non-celebrity, non-comedian, normal person.

I'm maybe the first one.

That's just a totally normal boring person.

There was a boy or that time.

I'm the most boring of people.

I don't think that's true.

Baker.

Thank you, Paul.

Are you Jim Baker, by the way?

Yes.

We're just funny.

I just had a way.

I'm James.

I'm actually James Baker.

Oh, is James Baker the Twitter lawyer?

I don't know.

Oh, yeah.

You're the Twitter lawyer.

Twitter, stop paying rent, apparently.

Oh, God.

Do it well.

A fucking mess.

As of this recording.

Now, Baker, what are you here for?

What's your thing?

Oh, my God.

Baker is bringing out her signature bag.

Yeah.

It's an igloo bag.

It is an igloo bag.

I hope they got the zipper sound.

Yes, that was doing the bag, not her taking off her clothes.

We're all getting nude.

We want because we want to have the purest experience of tasting this food.

No other senses are involved.

Okay, then we have to turn off the lights as well.

Yes, we do.

And that's for us.

Look, I'll be going to shine.

Okay, last year, I asked you what you wanted me to bake for you.

And I said this that can't be possible because I don't like these.

Wow.

I don't like them.

Is that true?

I'm not a huge fan of this style of cooking.

Look how they look delicious.

They look delicious.

Hours of work.

But describe what they are.

They're dirt cookies.

Okay.

They're made from dirt.

Dirt and sars.

These are the French macarons.

Macarons?

Yeah, there's one oh.

And there's two ohs.

It's a coconut cookie.

That's right.

Oh, okay.

Maybe I don't like the macarons.

Maybe I like the macarons.

Oh.

How do you not know what you don't like?

How do you not not know what you do like?

Do you like coconut?

I have come to appreciate coconut a little more but but not in its shredded form.

So oh then that's what those that's what those are.

Okay, so I will like these then.

Is that what you thought?

Wait, wait, wait.

Are you just like cracking open a coconut and just eating the inside have?

Haven't you when I was trapped on that island?

Yes, sure.

When you're and then I came back I got rescued and then all coconut buffet and I was like the last thing I wanted.

It's like a coconut.

I remember the end of castaway.

No, what's that?

Castaway the movie.

Do you like coconut?

I do.

I do like coconut.

I don't like the one I was a kid and now I like it.

Okay.

When you were on the island that was when you were a kid.

I was struggling with a good situation.

Seven years old.

I did pretty well for myself.

Yeah, you survived.

I did survive.

As you had a lot of time to practice comedy.

Yes.

On fish and shells.

Speaking into a palm tree.

Yes.

Microphone.

Speaking.

Oh, actually.

All right.

So these are macrons.

Yes.

And what flavor are these?

What flavor profiles?

So they're almond flavored.

Almond flavored.

Interesting.

With vanilla buttercream.

Sounds delicious in the middle.

Let me tell you something.

I love the word buttercream.

It sounds like what it is.

And it's got the word cream.

Oh, come on, Prince.

Get on top.

All right.

These look delicious.

These look amazing.

You're going to do it like grape British baking, right?

Like who's the mean one and who's the nice one?

I'll be.

I already know.

No.

You're fired.

You've fired.

He was the president.

Crazy.

All right.

We're going to eat these, but not before we listen to a cliff.

This is your choice for episode number eight.

Number eight.

Ah, yes.

Now, Paul, this is episode 739.

Oh, no.

You ate a cookie?

Are you all?

These are shaped exactly like your windpipe.

That's going to get stuck in there.

I'll pour all of them in my mouth.

All of the cookies?

No.

I wanted at least one.

I will cookie one.

You're a cookie monster.

All right.

Swallow.

Gulp.

Good job.

This is episode 739 from January 10.

This is the late early mids.

Late early mids in the 700s from January 100 Club.

Welcome to the 700 Club.

That's true.

It's on January 10 of 2022.

This is an episode entitled Oynoy BB Bridgers.

Oynoy BB Bridgers.

The participants.

Lily Sullivan.

Karl Tartt and Ego Wodom.

And a little guy named Shimi, I think.

Maybe Charles.

I remember showing up to the back.

Shimi was tail end of this episode.

The reason you were there is because we were taping a on-trip you newer episode right after this.

Ego, who by the way, Ego is a current cast member of Saturday Night Live.

And she did this show before she got SNL.

And she continues to do it while she's on SNL.

As a matter of fact, just today, she tweeted the picture of the best ofs and said for the first time in her life she had FOMO because she missed.

For the first time.

Wow.

Because she missed being here.

As a matter of fact, on this episode, she was in town just for this week.

She came to the backyard.

She taped to this comedy bang bang episode.

And then immediately after we taped an episode of Entre P.

Newer, entrepreneur tour.

So she did essentially like three to four hours in a row.

And she loves doing it.

That's like.

Hey.

She loves doing it.

And she's happy to do it.

And it's always a pleasure to have her.

I saw her in New York.

I was there in November doing Vryotope.

And she was a guest on one of my shows.

And it was so much fun to have her.

It was so great.

I was glad she was so game for it and everything.

She's terrific.

And this is the second episode where someone said, oh no, in a row.

And that's how this became the year of Oh No.

Because the previous episode, someone said, Oh no.

And then this cemented it.

But I mean, did you, did you note?

Oh, this is the second time I'm hearing.

Oh no.

And then so then we wanted everyone to say it afterwards.

So we got it.

That part I remember.

Yeah.

It's in the title, Oi Nui, because Lily's character is Australian.

A lot of people voted for this one late.

It rocketed up the chart.

It was a little bit higher in the chart, but just in the last week, a lot of people voted for it.

Dang.

Which usually doesn't happen.

Usually there's not a lot of like moving up and down.

It's pretty consistent from the first week of voting on to the end of voting.

This one rocketed up the chart to number eight.

Moving of voting, another Georgia run off, we got to vote again.

Again?

When?

It didn't stick.

We're going to have to do it all year long this time.

Every day?

Yeah.

Okay.

Yeah.

All right.

It's important.

We got to get out the vote.

This is a backyard episode.

This is the second episode of the year.

You'll know it's a backyard episode from the sound of a truck backing up during the entire thing.

We made a big deal out of...

Time and thing.

Somehow a huge truck was backing up the entire episode and just going beep, beep, beep.

And then the other thing is is we did the Entrepreneur Show right afterwards.

And sirens were happening the whole time and they incorporated it into the show where if they didn't buy your idea, you went to jail.

Straight to jail.

So this is a really funny silly episode.

We didn't have a celebrity so it's everyone just doing characters.

So we're going to hear some clips.

First we'll hear Lily Sullivan doing Biki from the gym who's been on several years in a row.

She's catching us up on what happened during the pandemic.

And then MC Sugarbutt, played by Carl Tarte, tells us about his new job.

And then Ego Wodom playing Pasta Pasta comes in and mentions another guest who has to come in.

So let's hear it.

This is your choice for episode number eight.

Number eight.

So I'm like what the heck am I gonna buy?

Even a dozen gyms.

And this guy comes up to me.

Totally random.

You're outside at this point.

You're not in the snack.

I'm inside.

He says I'm an agent.

Whoa.

Sushminager.

I don't think you can be both, but okay.

I'm an agent.

I'm an agent Sushminager.

And you are one of the most beautiful people I've ever seen in my life.

So he was saying man or woman or other.

Just beautiful.

Just stunning.

Wow.

And I said, oh my gosh, I had no idea.

I had absolutely no idea.

Wow.

And you had no idea that you were so attractive to this guy.

Like I knew.

I mean you never met him.

Totally your attractive is this guy.

Well, but I am restrictive on a universal level Scott.

Oh, oh, oh.

It's not just to this guy.

I see you think that everyone finds you attractive, not just this guy.

I don't think Scott.

I am universally an absolutely good looking person.

Oh, okay.

So I just didn't know it because I'm humble.

Yeah, I didn't know either, I guess, because I'd looked at you.

Excuse me?

I mean, you're fine.

Okay, so anyway, he says to me, I'm about to make your life totally different.

I said, thank you.

Go back to this because I'm just surprised because you I like basically when guests come in and this is something I've never admitted on the show, but I sort of mentally put them into like a category, a go or not.

Oh, go.

And you've always been in the ego category to be.

So it's like I'm just surprised that you are maybe in your glasses.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Maybe near goggles.

Beer goggles.

Because your vision is all cloudy and messed up.

Oh, okay.

I beg your pardon.

I don't again, that it's, you know, the only reason I say this is not to insult you.

It's just merely because I'm surprised because of the category I'd put you in.

But actually you're not insulting me at all.

What it actually opens up for me is so there's something wrong with you.

Oh, okay.

That could be.

Because what this agent agent has done for my agent such miniature is that he basically said, let's make you famous.

And I said, Oh, I got back high.

I guess.

Okay.

Famous for what?

As a beautiful person?

As an actor, slash model.

So basically, yes, it's a beautiful person.

And he says, let's change your name.

Oh, for stage nine because Biki, you know, it's kind of unusual.

Yeah.

Well, there's also that, that song about Becky with the good hair and all that kind of stuff.

You know, that's Biki.

I'm talking about Biki.

Yeah, exactly.

So you're still sort of unusual name.

Right.

And came fine.

Which we will try go, but he goes, Lily Sullivan.

Oh, so he he's asking you to change your name to this random kind of what's the genealogy of this?

It's like, yeah.

That's what I thought.

Yeah.

So I said, okay, let's change it.

And turns out there's there happens to be another Lily Sullivan, but she's a comedian in Los Angeles.

She's not at all famous at all.

No.

In fact, I know who you're talking about because I've run into her a couple of times here in Los Angeles.

She's all about town and all that.

Well, I don't know that she's necessarily out in these streets as much as, you know, something, but like I think that she is, you know, I mean, she's, she's, I also categories categorize people in like famous or not famous.

She's, she's been in the not famous column for a long time, as long as I've known her pretty well.

Okay.

Well, so anyway, we're not really talking about her though.

We're talking about my Lily Sullivan.

Right.

So I am like.

My name is Lily Sullivan now.

My name, my stage name is Lily Sullivan.

Everybody calls me Biki like behind my big can all that.

I'm behind your back.

Well, in my big, I'm still Biki, but online and in the movies because I've already just news pledge.

I've been in a lot of movies already.

So in the last year and a half, you've been in movies?

I have been in a movies with Daniel Reed Cliff.

Really?

I've been in movies with Tony Collette.

Tony Collette.

I've been in movies.

Hello, Ozzy.

Oh, wait, no, you're not.

You're not Australia.

No, I'm from Ohio.

Right.

You just you traveled there for a month.

I leave abroad with a female.

Right.

For a month.

30 days, 31 or 28?

Was it February?

He was 28.

It was February.

Oh, okay.

So actually, but you know, to the date of right, you know, basically, you know, well, I mean, how many years ago it obviously couldn't have been two or six or 10 because those would have been leap years.

And that would have been 29 days.

He was seven seven years ago.

Yeah.

Okay.

Wow.

Sorry.

Anyway, I've also been in movies with the girl from Game of Thrones.

I'm doing really good girl from Game of Thrones.

Wow.

Yeah.

So the one who got sexually assaulted or the other one, you've got sexually assaulted.

The one that got double sexually assaulted.

Oh, double.

Okay.

And basically what has happened to me though, Scott, is I realized I'm taking off.

I am doing so 60s.

And I'm so young.

Yeah.

How, I mean, how young are you?

I mean, I'm 27.

You're 27.

So you lived on Australia in 2015 when you were 20 and you were born in 1995.

These are all your facts.

I have.

Let me pull on my Wikipedia.

I'm realizing this is a real person that you're a real person now.

Yeah.

Okay.

I am real.

Okay.

Because I just looked this up on Wikipedia.

Yeah.

You, you played coral and mental.

Yes.

Okay.

And looking at you online.

Yeah.

I mean, I'm hot.

You're very beautiful.

I'm very hot.

Weird that you look the way you look in person when your picture is online.

I can do incredible things.

But I'm also, like I said, Scott, there's something wrong with your eyes.

We got to get them checked out.

Yeah.

Well, he is a, he's a hip hop superstar, or at least he was until he went into a coma back in, I believe 1983 or 1984, somewhere around there.

And he woke up out of the coma a couple of years ago.

Please welcome back to the show MC Sugar Butts.

I said, I ate your vegetables and drink.

Give me all your jeans and a shirt of silk.

Hey, what's happening, Scotty D?

Hey, it'll be.

Oh, jeans and a shirt of silk.

This is so caffeine-wise.

The best of both worlds.

It's real comfy.

Because you got a shirt made of silk.

So and most people don't bother looking below the waist.

You know what I mean?

So you look fancy, but then you're so comfy below the waist.

You know what it is.

It's a nice mix of like a blue collar on the bottom.

Fenty little bitch up top.

Yeah.

Blue collar on the bottom and a bitch up top.

When I won't ice cream, I hit the ice cream shop.

This is a real glimpse.

This is a creative process here.

I mean, you gave her one of those props you were talking about.

Like they're being taste-stacked.

Oh, MC Sugarbud.

It's great to see you.

What's happening, Scotty D?

Play it on me.

Give me a high F-I-V-E.

I will.

Here you go.

There you go, my man.

MC Sugarbud.

Now you were in a coma.

That's right.

What?

But back in the early 80s, is that right?

Let me tell you about me, Scotty D.

I went into a coma in 1983.

And what put you into the coma?

Did something fall on your head?

What happened?

A woman?

A woman put you into that coma?

Yeah, she fell on me at a televangelist event.

I don't know that we've ever talked about this before.

We just very much...

Oh, yeah.

I have to say it's very much like a man to blame his kind, I'm all a woman.

What?

Did I blame it, old?

Well, did someone push her?

No, she just started beating the blood of Jesus.

Oh, so she was having...

She was speaking in tongues and having a moment.

It fell backwards on me.

She fell backwards on you.

Knock me out.

So you were in the coma for...

God, I feel like the first time you were on the show was like five years or so ago.

And so you missed basically all of hip hop.

You were one of the four fathers of hip hop.

Out there in the early days.

What?

Much like Cal Solomon.

I started it.

You didn't finish it?

No, no, I mean it's not over.

You didn't finish it.

It's not over.

It's a winnish it.

So you basically missed all of the updating of the styles of hip hop.

Yes, that's correct.

Wow.

Let me tell you about me, Scotty D. I got a new JOB.

I don't have a husband, don't have a wife.

I came here to sell you some urban life.

Oh, you're an herbal life salesman now.

That's right.

Why are you having a quick question?

Do you have me all nine like stars with a day or something?

It actually does, but I don't know why he calls me Scotty D.

He doesn't know the name is David Scotty D.

But you didn't know that.

Hi, FIVE.

All right.

Wow.

You keep touching me doing COV.

So you sell herbal life now.

Congratulations.

That's right.

And I can bring you in tonight.

Wow.

So what have you got?

I noticed you brought some products.

Yes.

What do you have?

Morning shake.

Okay.

Morning shake.

Yeah.

So I wake you in the morning and I down it.

Yeah, you down this in the morning.

You know, that's interesting because usually I have an evening shake.

You know what that says?

When I go to the burger store for dinner, I always have my shake as my drink instead of a cola.

Oh, I do.

Yeah, I do.

It is unhealthy.

But now you're saying I can have a morning shake.

Morning shake.

Afternoon shake and an evening shake.

Wait, so I don't get to eat anything other than chicks.

That's all you do.

And you lose a pound.

Maybe one or two.

I want to lose more than one or two pounds.

Honestly, I couldn't lose another pound.

If I lose, if I lost more pounds, everyone would be like, what's going on?

She looks too skinny.

Yeah, too tall, too skinny.

Her feet are so long.

Too much like a muddle.

So you sell this herbal life and what?

And then forgive me for the question, the phrase of the question.

I just, there's got to be more to this.

Oh, yeah.

There's a lot more.

There's an afternoon shake.

You know, we covered that.

We covered that already.

What's in the shights?

I do want to know your audience.

I'd love for you.

Okay.

Vanilla.

Okay.

Chocolate.

Strong berry.

Cookies and cream make you scream.

Why is this all these five is in one?

No, they're all separate.

All separate.

So cookies and cream are both separate flavors.

I'd love tonight to cream one.

I'd love to taste the cookie one.

It's a cookie and a cream.

And if you sell it, you'll be yours if you know what I mean.

I don't.

Why do we have to sell it?

Yes.

Oh, I thought I was going to drink it.

Oh, you get to drink it too.

See, first I sell one to you and then you sell one too.

Okay.

So this is a, I mean, this is a thing where you're trying to recruit people.

This is like, no, don't make it sound like that.

Okay, it's not a pyramid.

No, I might get sandbikes.

Don't don't you dare.

Just like a man.

A man always trying to start a pyramid scheme.

Oh, why?

These mean talking to people.

Hey, you know what?

The pharaohs who were all men.

They created some of the best pyramids.

Oh, I'm here to hear you.

And if some of it, they're one of the people.

I mean, but they were the brains of the operation.

Oh, my God.

I'm fucking sick over here.

I'm sick, dude.

I'm mental.

Sorry.

Coral.

So you, how has the house sales been going?

I mean, did you see the car that I pulled up into?

No, you didn't hear all that beep.

Oh, the way that was you?

Yeah.

I thought you were still going on when you came in here.

He was the longest cab able to say in a more live.

That's a stretch.

What is that?

A stretch 18 wheeler.

Whoa.

Why do they have to stretch those?

You got the 18 wheeler in the back and in the front.

It's a stretch little more draggy.

All right.

Well, we need to get to our next guest.

And he's been on the show before.

This is very exciting.

He was on the show, I believe, last year with Phoebe Bridgers.

And he is a man of the cloth.

He's welcome to the show back for his second appearance, Pastor Posta.

All right.

Hello.

Yes.

And all God's people said what?

Hello.

Hi.

Hi, I'm your not OK.

Not a church going bunch.

All right.

What are we supposed to say?

I don't know.

We said hello.

Hello, farewell.

Avita saying I do.

I do.

I do to you and you and you OK.

It is a pleasure to be here.

Pastor Posta.

Pleasure to have you back.

Uh, Pastor Posta.

But how you have a certain.

It's the the Little Caesars pronunciation.

Pastor Posta.

Yeah.

OK.

I like what you did.

But I hate pizza.

You hate pizza?

What?

Nothing.

This is crazy.

Yeah.

The second episode of Comedy Bang Bang of 2022, we find out that Pastor Posta hates pizza.

I hate pizza.

Oh my God.

Oh, it is for it is for low down dirty people who don't like to eat with your tenses.

Whoa.

I've never thought about it that way because the crust of the pizza serves as both a serving dish and a napkin sometimes.

Wow.

Yeah.

And then there is things that we won't get into it on this hip-hop.

Why?

What other?

No, please.

I want to get into it.

What does it say?

I've used crust or excuse me.

Seen crust used.

Oh, OK.

It's not just a napkin, if you will.

I would like to say less if I can.

No, that's exactly what you said before.

I want you to be saying more.

Yeah.

OK.

I'm trying to think about what you could use it for.

Besides a napkin.

Yeah.

You could put it in a shake.

OK, you could put it in a.

Well, you can shake it in a.

You can shake it, you can bake it.

OK.

But let me tell you what you can't do.

You can't fake it unless you made it.

OK.

You bite it until you bite it.

Yeah.

So you hate pizza purely on aesthetic grounds of you think it's for lazy people.

It pisses me off, frankly.

Right.

But it tastes good.

Right.

I've tasted it one time.

I mean, it tastes like pasta, your favorite food, essentially.

No, it does not taste like pasta.

Italian food has the same kind of flavor profiles across the board, doesn't it?

No.

Wow.

That's a typical guy.

You know what I'm saying?

It is clear to me you've never been to, as my friend Italiano Jones will say, Italy.

Your friends with Italiano Jones?

Yeah, we go way back.

We actually went to seminary school together.

But then he dropped out to become a lawyer.

Really?

Yeah.

Is he here with you?

No.

Well, maybe.

Well, shit, maybe.

I can't say where he is.

I haven't talked to him in a few weeks.

Yeah.

Scott, let me in.

Oh my god, come on again.

You're telling me how to come on out?

Hey, we're down here.

I wrote here with Anthony Suga, but in the back of his 18 wheel.

Oh, you were with Anthony Jigger, but not your friends?

Pasta?

No, no.

Look, it's pasta.

Oh my, past the past from seminary school.

Pasta seminary school.

It is a pleasure to see you.

It's a weird thing.

When you talk to you two weeks ago, why are you so surprised?

And referring to him as from seminary school.

Close your past, the past.

OK.

All right.

Hello.

Phil, well, I'll be the same.

You do.

Oh my god.

Yeah.

OK.

So yeah, I don't really like it's clear this man never been to Italy.

And so I was just...

You ain't never been to Italy, Scott.

You said you don't go.

I've never been to Italy.

I was supposed to.

I had a whole trip booked in...

Let me get some March 2020.

Oh my god.

You're a bullshitter.

Show us the confirmation number in the series.

Yeah, I don't want to say the recites.

I want recites.

Here's all my receipts.

I have them in this box that I can just actually...

You just carry them around.

Carry them around on...

This is my Italy receipts box.

You see, they're all voided, all canceled.

And condoms.

Well, what does a married man do in carrying condoms?

I was going to bring a diggly.

You never know what's going to happen over there.

This is sick and lying.

This is gross.

Have you ever been injured doing a protective sex?

Yes, I have, actually.

Injured?

No.

I will fight for you.

Now, what kind of injuries, though, Italiano?

Because...

Have you ever...

What kind of injuries?

Have you ever been having unprotected sex when they alligator walks in your room?

It seems that you haven't unprotected sex, but it happened to be his wife.

And so he decides to bite you right on the tip of your...

You've been worried, so somebody's...

So the alligator married to a human or the alligator is married to another gator girl.

Have you ever been having sex with a gator girl?

Unprotectedly?

I have, I have.

But she went to Florida State.

I called her a gator girl.

Also had a hoya chin.

And she went to Florida State?

The Seminoles?

Do you need to wear protection when you're having sex with an animal?

You're not perfect.

I'm so sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm fucking sick to my heart.

I'm sorry.

There's no fear of like...

I'm so sorry.

This is going to be a big problem for me.

She went to University of Florida.

My pardon.

Oh, okay.

My pardon.

Okay.

I never say bad.

My bad because everything with me is all good.

And if you hear me, what would God's people say?

Can I just address something?

Please.

Pastor Pastor, this is your time.

We want you to say whatever you want to say.

Everybody is coughing, but they claim and they don't have COVID.

I'm dying of COVID.

I'm a...

For Christ's life.

I'm a...

You might.

I just came back.

I just got back from Italy today.

Oh, no.

I'm still waiting for you.

That's my PCR.

Well, we're all going to get it then.

There's also your VCR.

Wait, there's also my VCR.

Is it fast forward?

Everyone?

Be kind.

Be what?

Oh, by the way, by the way, Epsy Sugarbud.

This is Italiano Jones.

Who is this?

And who is that?

Number eight.

Episode eight.

There it was.

What can you say about it except it was fun and good?

Now, let's see these goddamn cookies.

I just want to mention that was Lily trying to reconcile that there is a more famous Lily Sullivan out there.

That's right.

I always forget that part of it.

Yes.

There's a famous Lily Sullivan actress who has more credits than Lily.

Yes.

And she also played this...

That Lily Sullivan is Australian.

Lily plays this Australian character, so she merges them into one person at this point.

And we mentioned Cal Solomon, who we'll be hearing from very soon.

Oh, intriguing.

Why don't we taste these macarons?

What do you say?

Okay.

What?

Mm, people love to hear people eating on Mike.

Omin D.

It's delicious.

And Vadily.

Amazing.

Have you ever, Baker, have you ever made macarons before?

No, and there's, I have brought seven with me and I made a lot more than that.

Oh, they failed?

Macaron failed?

He failed.

Hasheg macaron failed?

Yes.

These were the good ones.

The other ones were a little too wrinkly.

Well, thank you so much for wrinkly.

Yeah, they're smooth.

Like the California raisins?

Yeah.

Just throw some sunglasses on them and give them a saxophone.

They have to be...

Yeah, the dome has to be smooth.

The dome.

That's what L.O.

Cool, Jason.

This is like a high-end, nilla wafer.

Yeah.

And then the delicious frosting in between.

Mm, mm, mm.

These are good.

You wish you had some of these, but you're not lucky, like, Paul and me.

To mention it on Mike.

And to have it happen 365 days later.

So true, Basti.

All right, we're going to take a break.

When we come back, we'll be cracking the top seven.

Thank you, Baker.

Great to have you.

Bye.

Come on, bang, bang.

We're back.

Come on, bang, bang.

We're back.

The Baker just left.

By the way, the Baker was the person who picked the contest winner.

So Eli Schwab, you have her to thank, although she did it by round.

And let me tell you something.

On the way out, she dummel checked.

Yes.

To make sure you said who the contest was, right?

So Eli, she's looking out for you.

In a way that we are not inclined to do.

We don't give a shit, Eli.

Eli, I don't care if you live or die.

You can go fuck yourself right now.

I would watch.

I don't know why I feel compelled to say this, but I do feel like I want to let the audience know I don't care if any of them live or die.

They know that.

It's heavily implied.

No, but I say, I mean, at Christmas, you tell the truth.

That is the thing that love actually always taught us.

Yes.

That has never been said before or since.

But it has remained true to this day.

I just saw that line when he said that.

Oh, fuck.

Motherfucker.

That just blew my mind.

You know at Christmas, we tell the truth.

I was lying.

I just saw that scene again recently.

I haven't seen it one at a time.

It was a clip and something else.

And it's even grosser than I remembered.

Oh, why?

Because he's like, you know, tell him it's Christmas carolers at the door.

And then she does.

Yeah, why?

Lies to her former husband.

Already we have a secret.

Then he's like, by next year, I ought to be dating one of these.

And it's like pictures of supermodels or whatever pasted on this board.

Hot.

I wonder if he kept it.

You mean the actor?

Yeah.

Can I take this home?

Do you mind?

I have one prop.

Sure.

Anyone you want.

We don't need to reshoot anything.

Can I take this home?

Just one prop.

This poster board with the supermodels on it.

I'd love it.

It would just be, it would be a reminder of a wonderful experience filming this.

Oh, I can't brilliant brilliant.

Thank you so much.

I can't wait to get home and mosh debate.

Have a wank.

Okay.

Hey, thanks for telling us.

Now I want you to keep no props.

I mean, you can make one of those yourself.

It's really, there's nothing to it.

It's just rip pages out of magazines.

You get it.

But a poster board.

The internet exists.

I don't know if you know that.

When was that movie made?

When did it come out?

Oh, love actually.

Yeah.

I don't know.

Do the internet have to have existed.

I think if you're looking for nude pictures, it flags you and you got a list.

Also, it was kind of a hike.

It was, yeah, it was really a lot.

Yeah, to go through like 20 websites.

You did go on the Silk Road.

So what, so it was just, it was at the end of your love actually.

It was grosser than I remember.

Yeah.

Fuck that movie.

And fuck you, by the way.

Fuck you too.

It's not Christmas anymore.

We can say that.

No, it's not Christmas.

You can say fuck you after the fact.

What?

After Christmas, you say fuck you.

The day after Christmas, say fuck you.

Say fuck you to everyone you know.

You're there boy.

Fuck you.

What is big as me?

Yes, fuck you.

All right.

We have to get to it.

Let's have to.

Let's get to our next episode.

This is your choice for episode number seven.

Okay, episode number seven, Paul.

This is episode 758.

Oh, we are in the early late mids.

We're in the early late.

Yeah.

We're in the early mid.

Mid-lates.

Mid-mids.

We're in the early mid-mids.

Early mid-mids to you.

And to you as well.

This is an episode from May 23rd of 2022.

And this is an episode entitled Previous Partons.

Oh boy, oh boy.

Oh boy, oh boy indeed.

I know this one.

You're in this one, Paul.

This is Paul F. Tomkins, James Mannion and Lisa Gilroy.

We are hearing from again.

That's right.

This is a studio episode.

Studger.

And I mentioned that we're going to hear about Cal Solomon because we hear about him in this episode here.

And we find out something new about him.

Oh, that's right.

That's right.

And then we're going to hear a clip from Lisa Gilroy who you heard doing Bethany water bottle.

She does peanut parton, which I don't want to spoil exactly what peanut parton is about.

But we'll talk about it after the clip.

Let's hear it.

This is your episode number seven.

Clip number seven.

Aren't you selling your house?

Or we talked about the museum last time you were on.

I was going to make convert my house into the Suga Hill gang museum and also nature conservatory or something.

Yes.

There was also going to be a nature.

Where everyone was as small as a book.

And this was all canceled due to lack of interest.

Oh, no.

We tried to do it.

Still talk about it.

I know.

And it didn't drum up any interest.

It actually anti-interest.

Oh, no.

He said you better not do that.

Oh, you better not do that.

One guy's a landlord.

Oh, you're late.

Oh, wait.

You don't even know that.

You said you did.

I guess because it feels like my home.

It is right controlled, so that's good.

Then you can't do it.

Yeah, that was just a bit of a argument too.

We could have saved so much time talking about this the last time you were on the show.

By the way, I don't even own that house.

So, I mean, I hope that doesn't mean that everything I've said on the show, if you just pressed a little more, you find out that it wasn't what we're talking about.

Oh, no, no.

I think we've pressed certain parts of the story a lot.

Was there any more to when you were talking to Big Bang Cank, AKA or...

Wonder Mike?

Wonder Mike.

I remember one of them said to me, hey, you got a lot of hot, but I don't think you're going to make it as a rapper.

You should stick to your day job, which at the time was, I worked for the CIA.

What?

We have definitely not talked about this.

Never.

Oh, I'm surprised that it didn't come up.

The CIA out there.

The Central Intelligence Agency.

That's right.

You would think, and I was going to say, a different thing that the CIA stood for, but no, it was the one you're thinking about.

Out there in New Jersey, what were you doing for the CIA?

Do you know what I mean?

It's been so long.

I was based in New Jersey.

Yeah, I got fired.

Well, I'm not fired, but I got as good as fired when they moved into New Jersey, because for a while I worked in Washington, D.C.

I was supposed to watch this couple that lived next to me, and I didn't do a very good job, it turns out, because they turned out to be Russian spies.

Oh, wait a minute.

They were constantly, I mean, when we finally got into that house, it was full of wigs and glasses.

Spiricum.

The house reeked the spiricum.

I don't know how they live there.

Don't like to imagine there.

I think that you were dramatized on the television show The Americans.

What?

If you're that, who's that dude?

No, it was called the Russians, right?

Oh, no, it was an ironic title.

They were Russians pretending to be a mayor.

Is that what you never watched?

I forgot you could do that.

Yeah, I think that you were like the big beefy blonde guy who befriends them, their neighbor.

I did use to have blonde hair.

What happened?

Well, I got older.

Oh, meaning it fell out.

No, it's great.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, I see.

You've worn a hat every single.

You're wearing a hat that just says the word wrap on it.

Because I love wrap.

And by the way, it looks like you took a W off of it.

Was this like a green room gift from the show The Wrap?

Can I be honest with you?

Yeah.

And you saw that and said, boy, if I take the W off.

Exactly.

And so I got a seam ripper and I just went to town and got all those little threads out there.

That's why the wrap is all off-center.

But this is a nice person and we'll find out what they're concerned about.

Please welcome to the show Pina Parton.

Hello, wrap and pray, Nate Parton.

And I can't stop farting.

Oh, gee.

And you're wrapping.

Are you taunting him?

No, it's not funny.

And I'm not taunting anybody.

I'm not even taunting myself.

Oh, is this a real thing?

Yes, I can't stop farting.

I can't also cancel getting migraines, doing little heart attacks, falling down, having bad balance, pissing myself, throwing up.

I'm in bad shape, Scott.

Oh, dear.

Oh, OK.

So you're I'm guessing from your physical appearance in your.

I'm from Tennessee, yes.

Oh, yes.

Wow, good eye.

You're also an older person.

I'm a little bit older, yes, but aging, nothing but a number, baby.

Yeah, but what is the number?

And it's pretty up there, right?

Well, no, it's only 82 because, well, are you familiar with the Parton scientific trials in 1946?

No, I mean, I haven't been reading the medical journals at all.

That's where how come I'm born and why I'm here and why everything is hurting, Scott.

OK, so you were you were six years old at the time, if I'm doing my math correctly.

Well, if you're 82.

No, because I wasn't the first one that was born.

Oh, this makes sense.

It's not right.

Right.

So because are you familiar with Dolly Parton?

Yes, she's in the rock and roll Hall of Fame right there next to whoever we were talking about before.

How much are you?

Well, she will be.

Well, good for her.

I hope they don't get them confused at the museum.

Well, the other ones, you know, not so lucky because, you know, before Dolly, you know, how she was because she was made from the scientists.

What?

She was.

Hold on.

Back up a little bit because I haven't heard the story.

Dolly Parton.

Yes.

American treasure.

Yes.

Both Jolene and I will always love you on the same as day.

She wrote both of those songs.

It wasn't an ask day.

It was a Thursday.

Oh, okay.

Really a Thursday for all that to happen to her.

Her husband leaves her.

Well, she's the perfect woman, Scott.

Doesn't she?

You seen her before blonde.

Big biz and little white, big bum, right?

Right.

Yeah, a little in the middle.

So she was made by the scientists.

Really?

So this is a weird.

Yes, Scott.

A weird science.

A natural birth note.

I guess she is gorgeous, right, Cal?

I mean, she's a beautiful lady.

Yeah, so you haven't heard of her.

You haven't heard of a lot of things for Dolly Parton.

Sure.

Which song is your favorite?

The one about, have you got some gingerbread?

I ain't you got no gingerbread.

I ain't you got no candy.

I ain't you got no extra bed for me a little.

So does that appeal to you because of the sugar hill gang type stuff?

You're interested in things about sugar.

I never made that connection.

That's two things.

But before there was Dolly, well, obviously they tried a few others.

Didn't they, Scott?

Okay.

So if I'm if I'm hearing you correctly and I want to not only hear but listen, you are saying that Dolly Parton was born out of scientific experiments in the forties?

Yes, the scientists, they were all men and they wanted to have the most beautiful woman that I could show ingredients of all her characteristics.

Where did they get like a Frankenstein's monster?

But where did they get all of these characteristics?

How do you grow these in a lab?

I don't know, Scott.

Petri dish?

Petri dish.

Oh, so it's all got it.

Grow it under a light bulb hot one.

Okay.

And then all the different kinds of girls were born but it took them a few to get Dolly right, didn't they?

And so now nobody gives a hell shit about peanut parton and no one taking care of me.

So you are kind of like Dolly Parton's sister, is that what you're saying?

No, we call ourselves the previous Parton's.

Oh, so you're you're a Mach one or no, I'm number six or seven.

She wasn't the first one born, remember?

No, I was first one was gunk.

That one didn't live very long.

Now gunk was mostly blood and but we but we remember gunk because of that because she was the first.

Oh, okay.

So gunk was the first?

Yes.

Then there were two through five.

Yes.

Then there was Dor Lane Parton.

Dor Lane.

He's really like close but she didn't have the dimples.

Dor Lane shot her in the head.

They shoot.

Oh, God.

She didn't have the dimples.

Just because of the dimples.

How do they know that they even wanted dimples?

I mean until you see Dolly with the dimples, you don't know you want them.

Why is there a different woman that was part of the ingredients?

Oh, dimples are part of perfection.

Yes.

So she didn't have dimples and so they execution style just.

Yes.

When Dor Lane came out, they said boy seven, I ain't Joe big breasts little wise, all that stuff.

But when the dimples weren't there, they did they put a code?

And they put it into the revolver to her forehead.

The business end.

And they executed her.

In front of everyone.

Well, I wasn't born yet for the Petri dish.

Well, I guess I don't mean everyone who's ever lived.

I just mean in front of everyone who's there in the room.

Yes, and then, you know, then I was right.

I wasn't there.

Were you born yet?

No.

You were your, how old are you again?

Oh, I'd rather not say.

You would make it easier for some of my opposite numbers and I should have checked me down.

It seems like they know where you are.

They're sending you these videotapes.

Well, that was too short.

You don't think they've told their friends?

No, I think they're honorable in certain ways.

Okay.

Yeah, that was what started with the show was about.

So, so then two through five to have the what was Tuesday again?

Dor Lane.

And then Dor Lane.

She was a big jump between the first and the second.

Right.

First one really bad, mostly.

First one is just blood.

The second one.

Perfect.

Other than the dimples.

So trash.

Okay.

So then what was three and four and five like?

Three was Heidi Klum.

Oh, well.

She's out there in the world now.

She likes Halloween costumes too much.

That was her fault.

Yeah.

And then nothing.

Number four was McCully, Kolken.

Wow.

He was too short, of course, and the bosoms weren't big enough.

Sure.

But he had those cheeks though.

And then by then they weren't doing executions anymore either because actually the funny enough the CIA had started watching keeping an eye on the dumpster and saying, well, where this one come from, that's not right.

So just looking at the dumpster.

Yeah, because that's where Doreland went.

And when they noticed Doreland show up in there, they said this girl's nearly perfect except for no dimples.

So trash.

But then three and four didn't end up at the dumpster because we know who they are.

Heidi Klum and McCully, Kolken.

That's right.

And because the CIA was sitting out by the dumpster making sure nobody was getting thrown in there so the scientists didn't do executions anymore.

So they let them go off and be models and actors.

If I work for the CIA, that would be the worst job to have to watch a dumpster all day.

Although not as bad as what you did.

I mean.

I mean, letting two Russian spies steal all of those secrets and wear all of those wigs.

How many wigs did they have?

I lost count after like 200.

So like an entire wing of their house just devoted to wigs?

I don't really want it to.

Okay, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry to bring this up.

So so two was of course Doreland, then we have Heidi Klum, then McCully, Kolken.

Who was number five?

Well, you're looking at her.

You were fine.

Peanut part.

And this where they went sideways, right?

Because they had made McCully and they said he don't have the hourglass figure.

And as you noticed, you've looked at a peanut before, correct?

Cal, have you looked at a peanut?

I've seen tons of peanuts.

Still in the shed.

What does it remind you of?

Still in the shell.

It kind of reminds me of Mr. Peanut.

No, it reminds you of a beautiful woman's body.

Oh, right.

I was figure.

They looked at the titties on top, the waist, the buttocks.

And all of the like indentations.

And so they thought for they were trying to make their perfect dolly.

And so they bred me and the petri dish with most of the peanuts for the shape.

No, so they crossbred your DNA with peanuts?

Yes.

Oh.

And that's why how come now I'm a severely allergic to peanuts and my skin is so crunchy.

We're all allergic to the things that we are.

That's right.

That's why you must never eat human flesh.

That's right.

You just become a wendigo.

I'm a little too.

So that's why they would be called to me peanut pardon.

And I was a, you know, all the scientists, they were a fan of me.

I say, oh, there's peanut.

She's a little cute.

So you still keep up with the scientists?

Ryan.

So you're on a first day basis.

Ryan, Kyle.

They, they must, you're 80 something.

Supposedly.

Actually, you're more like 70 something.

And they must, they must have been at least 20, 25 years.

I mean, I can't even imagine being a 20 year old scientist and working on this.

So there, I mean, they're in their hundreds now.

Yes, they are.

But they all, do they take some sort of like anti aging serum or something like that?

I don't even want to know the stuff they were cooking up in that Petri dish.

Impossible combinations, but they're still around their friend row at all of McCully's movies and Heidi's show.

Row, that's a bad, that's a bad row in your movie theater.

Today's kitchen.

She gets her a little earlier.

It depends on the theater, right?

Well, sure.

But, well, yeah, I want to buy one of those theaters.

Premiere theater is that big, right?

What?

Let me ask you.

McCully called Heidi Klum?

Was that always their names or did they have names before that?

Well, before that, they were Heidi Klum Parton and McCully Klum Parton because they ain't name us all.

We all have, we're part of the Parton experience.

Oh, okay.

So, right.

It's the previous part.

The previous part.

And was Dolly's next or?

Dolly was number 18 to come forever together.

Wow.

So what, what is the different?

I mean, obviously your voice is terrible.

But my singing voice is really good.

Oh, right.

Oh, that's something they nailed on me.

Let's hear.

I mean, do you sound just like Dolly Parton?

I think, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly, Dolly.

That's really good.

What are you singing, Dolly?

Well, so that's my problem.

I got the voice, but I couldn't get the lyrics.

Oh.

So they nailed the voice, but lyrically.

That's lyrically.

I cannot understand a single lyric.

I can't memorize them.

Don't know what the words mean.

As soon as it's in melodic form, I don't understand the language.

What about Tiny Dancer?

What, when I...

Any day should be when a diner's there.

So you don't hear Tony Dancer?

No, I don't hear anything in that one.

So then, wow.

So you were pretty early.

And physically, I mean, it's weird that they were able to nail it other than the dimples for number two and then they got it so far off with you.

They were far off with Macaulay too, let's be honest.

Well, true.

But he got the blonde hair.

I got the blonde hair, but I only got four or five strands of it.

I got the dimples, but they're too deep.

They're hurt.

They're like...

They're like someone took a knife to your cheeks.

Yes, they're like other little mouths.

It's like someone like did a Joker on you or something like that.

Exactly right.

Why so serious?

People are starting to make it.

Not done, get it.

No, you don't get it.

Anytime someone sees you, they say why so serious?

Yes.

Like you're doing a fun Joker costume.

That's right.

They just think, oh, that's been important.

She's a little clown.

She didn't cheer your eyes up.

Wow.

So what have you been doing this whole time?

I mean, when did they let you out of the...

I'm assuming this is a secret lab out there?

Yes, in Tennessee.

In Tennessee?

Yes.

And you know they let me out yet because you know the CIA was on dumpster watch so they couldn't fold me up and put me in there.

Right.

And I was a fan among you know Dr. Ryan, Dr. Kyle, they all thought I was a good time.

And so they let me out and I've been having a pretty normal life, except for now.

I can't stop farting and pissing myself and all my organs are feeling because they didn't do the good job.

Wait, did this just start happening or has it been happening since you were created?

Well, since...

I've never seen it recently.

The thing they forgot to give me...

I guess that's what I was asking.

Yeah.

Or since you were created.

Yeah, we're just lately.

Because you see they forgot to give me on a bum hole.

Well they forgot to give you an entire...

They forgot to give me on a bum hole.

They forgot to give you one.

Yes, in Tennessee.

Would you like me to tear you a new one?

Oh.

Scott.

I would like that very much.

You didn't know how to answer right.

Because I've been eating regular cereal stuff like that.

Sure.

But it's not going anywhere.

And now it's filling me up and I'm full.

Wow.

And that's not.

And so now, you know, I'm reaching the stage of my life.

That's why I wanted to come on to show you, Scott.

Oh, good.

Has anybody out there, they got my same blood type, which is peanut butter and blood.

I see if I can get a butthole.

Like a transplant?

Sure.

I need stuff in.

I don't know if anyone's going to want to give their away.

I need apples.

I need tongue.

I need everything.

Are you sure you're not just getting older?

I mean, when people are, you know, however old you are, it seems more like 76.

But, you know, I mean, like, our organs start failing.

Oh, okay.

I'm sure it's normal like that, Scott.

Were you raised in a warm Petri dish?

No, you're right.

You're right.

I don't know.

I got you that's got you.

Yeah.

You're privileged.

A show.

I'm sorry.

Well, so if anyone out there, I don't think anyone's going to have your produce.

Particular blood type though.

Well, why how come?

Cal, you ain't peanut butter, don't you?

I mean, sometimes with raisins.

You put raisins, yeah.

So?

But I don't know.

Oh, peanut butter.

I don't know.

The raisins might be good.

It's not bad.

I mean, with bananas, it's good.

Sure.

I don't know if I eat enough peanut butter to meet your needs.

But does it need to be a transplant?

Can't they just drill one in there?

Yeah.

Oh, leave the buttholes.

The only thing you can drill into someone that they don't know where they have.

All right.

I can drill into someone at what?

A stomach, a larynx.

I can drill things I need.

Brothers.

Couldn't they do some sort of like wily coyote roadrunner thing where they draw one on you and it just then it works?

Ha ha ha.

Sorry.

I'm sure she's heard that before.

Pardon me.

I'm coming on the show to talk about the theory.

Pardon you.

Pardon the interruption.

You just have a show.

Okay, I'll take this one.

No, no, no.

My well, all right.

This is the last one.

Now, the first guess is an ignorant man who only watches Looney Tunes.

Hey, everyone.

I think that's you.

She's taking a dig.

Damn.

Number seven.

Yes.

Boy, oh boy.

This was when I first met Lisa was this episode.

Yeah, the baker's back.

And I did not know the bigger left her phone.

You can't bake that.

Why do you need it?

Is it cake?

Or are we on?

Is it cake right now?

Oh shit.

Have you ever watched that show?

I watched approximately one cake.

I saw that the previews just seem like so much yelling.

Yeah.

I don't want to see these people yell about if it's cake or not.

I know.

Have we been yelling this whole time?

No.

Wow.

We're not yelling if it's cake or not though.

Exactly.

And that's all.

That's the difference.

That's good.

And that has made all the difference.

Thank you, Robert Frost.

So I did not know Lisa was going to be on the episode.

I never know who's really good.

That's right.

Sometimes you tell me sometimes you don't.

Usually I just book the episodes and everyone involved just shows up.

Yes.

I often think about that.

I was mentioning this to someone this year.

I was like, I never think about if there are any comedian feuds.

Which happened occasionally in stand up when I was working in stand up.

It's like, yeah.

Oh yeah.

Where you'd get to a show and it's like, oh shit.

This person's on the show.

We were in the middle of a huge fight.

We hate each other or whatever.

Yeah.

It doesn't really happen on this show.

I asked someone about it and they're like, no, I can't think of anyone who doesn't like each other.

I remember doing an earwolf show where I found out later two people were in a feud.

And I was very surprised because it was, it must have been uncomfortable for them.

I can only.

No.

I can, I've imagined like, oh no, what if two people have dated each other for like three years and just broke up or something, you know?

Yeah.

But.

And then this gets them back together and it's a mistake.

Yes.

Yeah.

And then you're responsible.

I just say he was romantic.

It wasn't a mistake.

I'd be.

Well, they're bad for each other.

They're bad for each other.

Okay.

In any case, yeah, you didn't know who's going to be there.

And so you walked in and said, oh, I, because you had booked her on one of your shows.

No, not yet.

I think you had booked her and said, hi, I met you and you're going to be on my show.

I think you had just emailed her.

I don't believe so.

I think I booked her after that because I think it was not long after that because I did not have any contact information for her or anything.

And but she, it's not a signal that you shined up into the sky.

Yeah.

At least it go where I signal.

Yeah.

In the shape of her head.

Yeah.

And I mean, it's good.

I mean, you would think it would, but it's like this professional silhouette.

Exactly.

Remember when the, my parents had those up, of all of us from Disneyland?

I remember one time we did them when I was in first grade.

We did them.

Yeah.

And it was, I remember hanging in the, in the house for a while.

I went to a wedding once where one of those sort of wedding things was at the reception.

Some of the things.

They had a silhouette artist and boy, oh boy, I was very scared.

But we did it and I, I'm scared.

Well, I was like, how accurate is this going to be?

Oh, okay.

That's bad news.

Because I thought you were scared because it was like silhouettes are of the devil.

Well, the shadows, right.

And it's a shadow of me.

And it's like, well, what if it comes to life?

Right.

That's a good point.

But no, this, this person was very kind and did it, did a good job where I was like, yes, that looks like me, but also better.

But an ideal version of me.

Yes.

So in any case, who needs to know when she was booked on a show or not?

Oh, anyway.

So I walked in and I, I, she was one of those people.

You know, I wrote the reaching for these cookies because we want to eat another one.

Yeah.

Because the fucking cook, she was one of those people that I thought, I felt like I knew already.

Yep.

Because we know a lot of people in common and I enjoy her stuff online.

And it just like we had not really had any interaction at all.

I think I commented on one of her videos and she commented back and that was, that was about it.

Would you comment?

Oh, I, you know what it was?

It was not a comment.

I shared one of her videos.

And then she commented on that.

Okay.

And what if you were, whatever you would just comment, like you're a reply guy.

Just like everybody's your posts.

God words that that whole thing is very painful.

I find what when you see reply guy, oh, you know what?

Yeah.

You fucking nailed it.

Bro, bro.

Yeah.

Bro, bro, bro.

I will play.

We both are, we are holding these.

So near our mouth.

It's like playing chicken.

Just stop talking.

Who's going to eat first?

Forcing the other one to be talking.

You go ahead and enjoy your cookie.

Oh, cause you have something to say.

I don't, but I'll, I'll figure it out.

So anyway, then I did have Lisa on my CBV presents, big chunky bubbles.

I'll cry if I want to.

It was her and Vic McCallus and Zach Oyama.

Three people that I had not really gotten to play with much and really, really enjoyed it.

It was really fun.

And Lisa, of course, joined us on tour for a bunch of episodes.

And she's just demented and I really, I really love what she does.

And she, she is Canadian.

And when we were in the car listening to, at a certain point, the apple car play conked out right as we crossed the border.

And we had, we're forced to listen to Canadian radio and songs would come on and she'd be like so excited for them and go, you know this song, you know the song and we'd go, no, it's Canadian.

We know it's, we can tell it's Canadian cause we've never heard it and you love it.

And she'd go, this isn't Canadian.

This no, everyone knows this song and we'd look it up and she'd go, no, it's Canadian.

Because in Canada, Canadian content laws, like 10% of everything you play has to be Canadian.

Can con.

Corey Analstady, back up my neck, dirty and pretty.

Also on that episode was James Mannion, who did a couple of really funny appearances this year.

And following this during a live show, we hit on something we'd never thought about with Cal Solomon that the in the song, Rapper's Delight, the, you ever go over to a friend's house in the food, just ain't no good.

That was Cal's barbecue.

Who's about him?

Who's a disc track and he didn't know he had no idea.

We figured that out as we were performing where, what city I can't remember.

I can't remember.

I just remember being in the middle of it.

It must have been Toronto because that was, that's when I did Cal.

Okay.

I was like, I'm not sure if I'm going to be in the middle of it.

I'm not going to be in the middle of it.

I would be long gone.

There was one time when we did the best of some we planned to do all four parts in a row.

Halfway through you said, I'm going to go.

We had to schedule it for the next day or something.

Is that how it went down?

I think so.

That I just made it call it audible.

You definitely called it audible.

I can't remember the reasoning whether it was like this is taking longer than I thought.

I'm not going to be in the middle of it.

It's official, goddammit.

I'm always running.

I'm always doing errands.

I have tons of jobs.

I'm a party planner.

I'm a toy maker.

I'm a chef.

I have hundreds of friends.

I have a husband, a wife.

I have kids.

I have tons of things.

I do tons of things.

I am a husband.

Did I say I am a husband?

You said you have a husband.

I am a husband.

I was going to say I was a husband and a wife.

Because you could have a husband and a wife.

That would be very busy.

I'm going to get stuck on things that I say.

I'm going to get stuck up.

How are you doing it?

I'm taking up those drugs.

I was doing any derailleting.

Listen, I got a lot of stuff going on.

November is my busiest month.

He's busier than you.

There's only 30 days in November, though.

What's that?

There's only 30 days.

How could it be busy?

Right now, I don't know if you know this.

But November is a busy month.

Any month was 31 days and it would have to be busier.

Excuse me.

I've got to take this call.

Scott.

I've got to take this call.

You have a call?

Hello?

Yes?

I told you what I wanted in the painting.

Yes?

Two nude ladies.

Yes?

Completely seductive underground.

Yes.

Nailed the grass Tyson.

That's right.

His hand is a wand.

Yes.

Spread ass.

That's right.

Yes.

They're all in Starbucks.

Extra wet.

See you on Tuesday.

Thank you.

How did that pray about Scott?

Sorry about Scott.

They were talking the whole time he's talking.

Sorry, Scott.

Who was that?

That was your assistant or those painters?

No.

That was somebody I commissioned for a painting.

I apologize.

I've got a lot of stuff going on right now.

Oh, okay.

It's so problem.

Look, I'm a private man.

Okay.

So, everything.

Please try not to ask me any questions about these phone calls I make.

I will get a lot.

You're already planning on more phone calls?

I just don't know.

I just like coming.

Yes.

Hold on, Scott.

I've got to get another phone call.

Okay.

You can't get another one.

All right.

Hold on a second.

Yes?

You're going to green light it.

My first movie.

Excellent.

My onion.

Yes.

$300.

Okay.

That seems worth it.

Let's do it.

Total budget and the price of the onion.

You got it.

Okay.

Thank you very much.

Oh, sorry about that, Scott.

So, yes.

So, what were you talking about?

How about it?

Wait a minute.

Did you money?

Did a movie just get green light?

Yes.

It got green light, but I can't really talk about it.

A 300 hour movie.

It's called my onion.

It's my favorite onion.

It lasts 300 hours and that's the shooting.

$300 is the budget?

$300.

Yes.

He's saying a dollar.

Oh, I heard ours.

What about 300 hours?

300 hours.

I don't have that.

What was that movie?

You think I have that?

$187.

So, it would be a sequel to that.

Yes.

James, you've seen all that.

I've never seen that.

I can't sit long enough for a goddamn...

It's too long for a movie.

I heard you...

Excuse me, that's my other phone.

Hold on a second.

Why come on a phone?

Yes.

Okay.

Just take these calls at your own.

All right.

I want you to go into my backyard.

Okay.

You see the fence?

Make a left.

Yes.

Walk over to the small creek.

Now, there should be a finger sticking out of the ground.

Exactly.

I'm going to go into the middle of the ground.

We talk to CGI here, a real dog.

CGI human's real dogs.

CGI human real dogs?

Oh, it's $350.

We can't buy the peanut butter.

You have to make it.

I'm sorry.

This is my mom's OBGYN.

I got to take this.

Go ahead.

Okay.

Hello?

I'm sorry.

Your mom's over there.

Wow.

Doctor, that pink.

Unbelievable.

The medicine goes where?

Inside.

I'll make sure to tell her.

Well, she'll be wet as hell, Doctor Sivio.

Thank you.

Okay.

Sorry about that, guys.

I don't know that I want to know that.

Can I just call my mom for a second and let her know if I'm just taking on too many resources?

Oh, you know what?

My mom is calling right now.

Okay.

She's calling.

Hello, mom?

Yes.

Okay.

Listen.

It's slip inside.

I want you on your back in bed with your feet up in the air towards the ceiling.

Put Elsa on.

Just put Elsa on.

Who's Elsa?

Elsa's helper.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

Put her feet in the air.

Listen to what she says and I'll give you an Oreo, Elsa.

I'll give you a little fucking Oreo and get your mouth full of chocolatey.

Okay.

Thank you.

Bye.

Oh, God.

Did you do it?

I hope she did.

My mom's in trouble.

Is your mom expecting?

My mom is not expecting.

But she could still carry a child?

There's something wrong with her down there.

She's going to the OBGYN.

Yes, and her OBGYN reports to me because she's kind of nuts.

My mom's a little...

So it's an old...

A turning client privilege is important to you.

I don't care.

I'm not going to the hospital.

No, no, no.

She's an example to herself.

I use her to talk about, you know, the disease.

Yeah, that's all right.

Can we talk about what you're here to talk about?

Sure, yes.

I'm talking about how to manage your time correctly.

Okay, it doesn't seem like you're doing it all the way.

Anything like that.

What do you mean?

Well, I mean, you've taken five phone calls since you've been here.

I'm sorry.

That's my computer alarm.

I've got to take some computer first.

Yeah, no problem.

Go ahead.

How much computer?

Take a sip.

Just one sip.

Why do you need an alarm for one sip of kombucha?

I just need to remind myself.

I can't.

I don't remember.

My doctor prescribed me kombucha.

Please, please, please.

It's okay.

You're going to talk about tips.

I'm here to talk about tips and tricks about how to manage your time.

Okay.

What's the main tip that we have?

The main tip is, I'm sorry.

Just give me one second here.

Okay.

Hello?

Yes.

I'm just planning a Thanksgiving party.

Yes.

Hello.

Yes.

I'm trying to cater a small Thanksgiving together.

60 to 70 people.

Yes.

Okay.

One classic Thanksgiving sandwich.

Mm-hmm.

No turkey.

Okay.

Limp celery sticks.

Make sure they're very limp and wet.

That's right.

And pineapple juice.

Just a party, please.

Yes.

Mustard all day.

All day long.

All the way.

Outside the bun, please.

Yes.

With that, Villa.

Black olive.

Extra wet.

That's right.

Leave is fine, sir.

I'll leave is fine.

And Olive's in a plastic bag with raisins.

That's right.

Get mixture of an old woman with drinking a Dr. Pepper with dirty red nails touches everything.

Thank you so much.

Okay.

Sorry about that.

Sorry.

No direct.

Thanks for watching.

It's November.

I told you.

It's my busy as well.

Just because of what?

The sheer number of phone calls I get.

Okay.

It's okay.

Oh my God.

That's my plumber.

Hold on.

It's all right.

Hi, Ivan.

Yes.

Okay.

So here's the deal, Ivan.

I cut the turd with a paper plate.

That wasn't the problem.

I tried to flush the plate, Ivan.

I don't know.

I just know that my socks were completely soaked, Ivan.

Yes.

Okay.

Thank you so much.

I'll make sure to tell him.

All right.

Bye then.

Okay.

That's good.

Sorry about that.

It's no problem.

Okay.

Did you ever get to that first tip?

We don't get to get that first tip.

Was that your shit?

Yes.

It was a very long shit.

It was long.

Have you ever tried to take a very long shit?

No.

I tried to get a shot.

You got to keep packing it in there.

Don't shit, don't shit.

Okay.

One of those days you're going to make a little snake.

It's going to be like pinkberry in your toilet.

I don't want that.

You don't want that.

I don't know.

That's something I don't want.

Okay.

Well, I can handle it.

I don't want to add it.

You seem very busy.

Can I add?

If it's quick.

Yes.

I think you should paint the bottom of your toilet to look like a waffle cone.

So that when you make your mess.

Then it's fun when the plumber clicks.

I love that idea.

I love that.

What are you doing tomorrow?

You want him to paint?

I want you.

I mean, you want to follow through on your idea?

No.

Hold on a second.

That's my bug wrangler.

Oh, bug wrangler.

Yes.

That's my bug wrangler.

Okay.

Hello?

Joe, how are you?

Yes.

I need two large, long horn beetles.

Of course they do.

They need to fit in a woman's throat.

She's about 55.

Five foot four.

Yes.

Can she sing?

Yeah.

She can sing.

Goddamn it.

Okay.

Uh huh.

Yeah.

All right.

I will.

30 ounces of coconut oil.

God.

Hello.

I'm going to put a little bit of water in my mouth.

Is that sound effect called oingo, boingo?

That is called oingo, boingo.

Very fun.

Oh, hold on a second.

Yes.

How did you know your phone was going to ring?

I feel if I break before the sound.

It's my explanation for everything.

Hello.

Yes.

Uh-huh.

Scott, it's you.

What?

Sure.

I'll come on the show when I'm already on.

What are you talking about?

What?

Is this me?

I'm getting another phone call on my second phone.

Hello.

Nick.

Yes.

Nick, do you have an aunt?

Uh-huh.

You have an aunt?

Sure, I'll be the father, sweetie.

It's about three inches.

All head, baby.

Hold on a second.

That's my goo-jole arm.

Okay.

Take it.

Come on.

One more sip.

That's it.

Oh, no.

Your biagra.

Okay.

Hold on a second.

Yes.

It's my mistress, Karina.

Hold on a second.

Karina.

Oh.

Hi.

Let me ask.

Boys, can I ask you for advice?

Sure.

Yeah.

Okay.

I'm going to go south.

Yes.

Okay.

You're directing her two times.

I want to carry her.

Perpetually lost.

Yeah.

Okay.

I came on three times.

I didn't get anything.

All we did was give her directions.

To be fair, we gave you directions back to Ireland.

Frankly, who was a supernatural conundrum?

Oh, right.

Wow.

That was a busy.

That's a busy.

How did you do this?

That's a unique aspect to us.

How do you relax?

Let's see.

I, uh, I, I, I don't sleep.

I barely sleep.

I take some Xanax.

Sometimes I have to force myself to sleep.

But sex, basically sex.

Oh, okay.

It can't take sex.

Hold on.

Oh, okay.

It's my doctor, Dr. Sivio.

Hello.

It's my cancer results.

Oh, dude.

Are you saying you want to take these on here?

Just hold on.

Yes.

Uh-huh.

Yeah.

Oh my gosh.

Oh, no.

Oh, no, Dr. Sivio.

Oh, no.

Dr. Sivio.

Say it ain't so.

I didn't, I didn't, I didn't.

They didn't get the results back yet.

Okay.

Apparently a hungry nurse ate some of the wires.

So, it's like a wire.

I don't know what happened there.

Oh my gosh.

I'm so sorry.

I'm, I'm, well, I'm relieved that it wasn't because it seemed like it was bad news.

I really just, but we don't know what the news is.

What did you think it was bad news?

You, you said, Oh my God.

And I can believe it.

Yeah, the tone of your voice.

The wires.

The wires were eaten by a...

It's a weird story.

What would you say?

Wait, wait, wait.

You just react to it.

Let's roll play.

A hungry nurse eats the wire.

It's, uh, it's a machine's in a hospital.

Just react.

It's so strange.

Wait, what'd you say?

I just did it.

Do you know the nurse?

I know.

Oh, oh God.

I know the nurse.

You fear for her life.

Okay.

Oh no.

Yes.

See right there.

Can I do an impression of me calling her to check in on her?

Yeah, sure.

Hello nurse.

I love that.

Absolutely.

You have enough time to love that.

Hold on a second.

I'd be trellis.

Trellis.

Yes.

I'm flying out of Kansas City on July 4th at five in the morning.

Yes.

Through the fireworks, please.

Yes.

Arriving downtown Phoenix.

New Year's Eve at five AM.

Thank you.

You'll be circling.

I don't think there'll be fireworks at five AM.

You're in July 4th.

But you will circle the U.S. for about six months.

From July 4th until you land under yours.

That's the plan.

Refill in the air.

Wow.

Stanley Kubrick style.

I don't know when he did that, but he did that in his movie.

Yeah, he did it in the film.

Doctor Strange.

I thought that was part of his weird personality.

What do you think the budget for that movie was?

About $3.50.

$3.25.

I've never seen it, though.

I can't see a movie all the way through.

Oh, you're so busy.

Yeah, I get it.

It's too busy.

Taking too many calls.

You watch porn on the second.

I have twins.

I said school.

Yes.

Hello.

They are allergic.

Yes.

My girlfriend will handle it.

She's in the parking lot.

She's seeking an Nissan Altima right now with black.

This is not your mistress.

This is your girlfriend.

Extra wet, sweetheart.

Sorry about that.

Was that last part to the school?

I was going to school again.

Are you sleeping with an administrator at the school?

I am sleeping with.

I'm so under.

You're so busy.

I'm so busy.

If you just cut down and just slept with your wife, you would have so much more time.

You know what I did?

I went to a trainer to come fast.

Yes.

I come so quickly.

I come immediately.

I'm touched or on breath.

But it doesn't feel pre- Pre-what?

Pre-chackulate?

Absolutely not.

Is it even pleasurable?

At this point, no.

But the pleasure hits me like a flashback in the middle of the night.

Sometimes I'm sleeping.

I'm sweating like a pig right now.

You know what this?

I'm sorry.

I'm a lawyer too.

Jacob.

Yes.

I'm sorry.

I lost all the evidence.

It was a mistake to take it to the beach, Jacob.

I apologize.

Yes.

It was the windiest day of the year.

Is your lawyer late?

I'm sorry.

I lost all the evidence.

It was a mistake to take it to the beach, Jacob.

I apologize.

I'm sorry.

I'm sorry, Jacob.

I have to go.

I'm sorry, Jacob.

I can't say that this appearance was successful.

We got to one tip and that was it.

I apologize.

Number six.

That was the busiest man in the world, and Gill was basically sitting here.

I can't remember if we hooked it into the system or if we put it.

I put it on my phone point.

I pointed at it.

You'll never bring something we could actually hook into the system.

And the story behind that was he told Ben Schwartz.

That's coming up.

Yes, that's coming up.

Apologies.

But this time he brought an iPad and he had these big buttons on it, and he was just triggering these phone calls.

And he could not lie.

A little in the middle.

He was just triggering these phone calls and talking to them manually.

It was very funny.

We were dying.

All right, let's take a break.

When we come back, oh my god, we're at the final clip of this episode.

We're going to crack the top five.

It's got to be cracked.

You have to crack it.

And we are the crackers.

That's right.

Oh, we shouldn't say that.

All right, we'll be right back.

Comedy bang bang, we're back.

And we're cracking the top five.

This is.

We came back to crack.

We had to come back to crack because.

Am I buzzing on my back?

My pussy on my back.

Oh, my pussy on my back.

Oh, my.

You can pussy.

Oh, this cat's been barking.

Jesus.

We're having fun here.

I want to check in with the booth.

Did you eat cookie?

Did you have cookie?

Everyone like cookie?

They had cookie.

Can we have cookie?

Oh, OK.

Cookie.

Exactly three left for the three booth bees.

Ian Booth bees over there.

You know, when I worked on Kelsey Grammar resents the sketch show in London, England.

I believe you dropped the P there.

But go ahead.

Never mind.

You know, one of the cast members was an English comedian named Lee Mack.

And he was telling me a story about a friend of his who's also a comedian.

And the name he used was Boothbee Grafoe.

And I was like, what are you saying?

And was it?

Did you look?

Is it real?

The real booth?

Boothbee Grafoe.

Oh my God.

Well, speaking of England, we need to get to it.

Let's go to your choice for episode.

In England?

Yeah.

Let's go to your choice for episode number five.

Number five.

All right.

This is episode seven hundred and fifty.

Scott, there's no way you're going to tell me this is not the mid seven hundred.

It is right on the money, Miss 700.

Smack dab in the middle.

Damn, boom, boom, running wild and looking pretty.

There was a song that goes smack dab in the middle though.

It doesn't sound like Hot Child in the City.

I don't know.

Yeah, you're probably right.

Smack dab in the smack, smack, smack, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn.

That's a great way to figure out something is a song that exists.

I'll just hang it a bunch of different ways.

Smack, smack, smack, smack, smack, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn, damn.

This is episode seven hundred and fifty and it is from March twenty eighth of twenty twenty two and it is an episode called the pool dual over part dual.

Oh boy.

This is oh, pulled over part do part dual part dual.

So this is a studio episode.

This is a backyard episode.

This is a backyard.

But this is episode seven hundred and fifty.

So traditionally for the hundreds and sometimes the fifties, Jason Menzook has an Andy Daley who are in this episode.

Do those episodes with me together.

And a year ago, a couple of years ago, I can't remember.

No, it was during the pandemic.

Yes.

And I believe it was episode seven hundred maybe or no, it was an anniversary episode.

Christmas episode.

It was a Christmas.

Andy came on and was doing his character Byron Deniston and along with Jason Menzookis and Paul, you were on the zoom silent on mute waiting to come on and you were going to do the very rude young man.

She look an evil.

And you were waiting for that and Jason and Andy and I, as we were talking about Brian Deniston, who was a royal watcher.

Essentially, he's a person who watches the royal family and there are these royal watchers in England who call themselves royal watchers.

But of course, Andy Daley being demented.

He's a person who really watches them and gets involved in their life and hides in their house and stuff like that.

Yeah.

In any case, we were talking about Byron Deniston trying to find another member of one of the royal families to hook up with so that he could travel with them.

It's outer space on the spacecraft.

And he found the really hot princess or queen.

I can't remember.

I think she is a lady.

Lady Amelia Spencer.

And from another country, I believe, not England.

No, I think she's from England.

No, I think there's a lady, someone that he was in.

I can't remember any.

Oh, maybe it is Lady Amelia Spencer.

There was a queen of some other country that he talked about at one point.

In any case, we found out that she has a boyfriend called.

His name escapes me, but his nickname was The Gris.

And we started making fun of the fact that she's dating someone named The Gris and how easy it would be to steal The Gris's girlfriend because he's a water polo instructor.

And then Paul in the chat, in the Zoom chat, typed, should I play The Gris?

And I said, sure, just interrupt us.

And Paul came in and interrupted and it shook Andy.

I could not believe the surprise on his face.

He couldn't believe someone else was talking because we were locked in and just suddenly you're like, well, well, like your catchphrases came up.

Well, well, well, borrowed that instead as I live a dream.

And he was like, and Andy was shaking.

He hardly ever gets thrown.

And he was thrown.

He's like, what?

Andy was reacting as if this was a character I had planned on playing for a long time.

Right.

And he was like, no, how fortunate.

I was going to play The Gris.

And he's talking about me.

And so Byron Deniston became, and The Gris became arch enemies in this.

And just incredible happenstance.

And what I love about doing the show is stuff in the moment happening like this.

Yes.

And it leads to all of these great connections and further episodes down the line where we expand on it.

Another wonderful bit of trivia is that as I was waiting to come on, even though I was muted, I was still recording.

And so the episode originally went out with me practicing for the Kneaval boys.

Yeah, they didn't mute that part of the episode.

And so for about six hours, there was a version up there where you can hear Paul kind of shouting in the background going, you're a very rude young man.

People are just talking.

It sounds insane because like, why are they acknowledging this guy?

Yeah.

You're a very rude young man.

And the episodes usually go out at like 9 p.m. or something.

And this is the Zoom era, which by the way, was so difficult to edit.

And so, you know, no one blames the producers and the people involved, although it was their fault.

But it was a Herculean task to put these shows together during the Zoom era.

So just that one slipped through.

And so for about six hours, and they go up at nine at night.

And then basically like I wake up at five in the morning with a bunch of messages of like, why are we hearing Paul shouting?

And then I have to text everyone involved, hoping they get up early enough where they can fix it.

But they eventually did.

But it's so funny.

I got to hear it.

I was very glad I got to hear it.

It was really funny.

So this episode was episode 715.

We plan on doing another one of these episodes with Andy and Jason.

And I said, Hey, can we get the gris involved if he's available and Paul, you were available, which is really great.

This is a backyard episode.

And just so you know what was happening in the world when this was released, this was just before the Jubilee and the Queen, Queen Elizabeth was still with us.

Yes.

So we talk about what might happen at the Jubilee and she is still alive at the time.

So let's hear this is your episode number five.

Number five.

He's been on the show several times.

He is the aforementioned foreigner.

And I believe he refers to himself as a royal watcher.

And we'll talk to him about what that means.

I believe we've covered it before on the show, but please welcome.

It couldn't be easier to understand.

It really is right there in the name.

Royal watchers.

I watch the Royals.

Yes.

And if you need an infusion of modernity into your show, you'll come to the right land because we will be talking about the Royals, the Winzers.

I got the Pfizer actually.

So I'm good.

My goodness.

No.

Although you know, well, it's funny you should say that because you know, Queen Elizabeth has recently had a bit of a round.

Yes.

I want to talk about that.

Let me introduce you.

Your name is Byron Dennis.

Oh, yes.

Wonderful to be here.

Hello gentlemen.

Hello.

It's a great city.

I'd love to do it.

Yes.

You've flown across.

What are you calling the pond?

I've recently relocated to the grounds of Prince Harry and Meghan's home.

Oh, yeah.

Where do they live now?

Vancouver or something?

No, up in Santa Barbara.

They live like New Mexico or something.

Like near Oprah.

They do.

Beautiful country there.

Very near to Oprah.

As a matter of fact, she has a habit of stopping by unannounced because they did say, please come by any time and she's really taken it quite seriously.

Oh, wow.

You just taken it to them?

Well, I don't know that she thinks of it that way, but I'll be quite honest with you.

After she leaves half the time, they say, you know, again, really?

What are we supposed to say?

She keeps dropping.

I can only imagine if you don't buy any groceries, just how tempting that would be.

What do you mean?

I don't know.

How tempting would be to not buy groceries?

So not buy groceries and just go over to your neighbor's house all the time.

Oh, you mean like to for a cup of sugar?

Well, you know, like how Kramer used to just like come right into the kitchen every time he would come into the house.

Well, sure.

Yeah.

Do you know what?

Did you have a Seinfeld or did you have a different show there?

Oh, no.

No, we, you know, Seinfeld was based on a British series.

Oh, it was.

Yes, really.

It was.

It really did four Seinfeld.

Yes.

One cycle or no, one series.

One, one, no, two series and a Christmas special.

So two, the series were two episodes each.

Yeah.

Each series was two episodes and then the Christmas special was only 10 minutes.

What was it called?

It was called a car.

Car.

After Jimmy Carr.

It was just a car.

Oh, really?

It was just one of them.

It was just called Carr.

Yeah.

And what were they like who was Kramer, who was Elaine, who was George and I'm sure they were not Jewish like they were.

Uh, certainly not.

No, they were British.

Yes.

It's more, more British than Jewish.

Yes.

Well, what do you mean who, who were there?

They were, they were sort of the people in Carr's life and Jimmy Carr.

So they're all just based on his path.

Yes, exactly.

Yes.

So he had a whimsical neighbor and all that.

And, uh, yes.

And, and this fellow signed him just sort of adapted it for American television.

Wow.

And people don't know that.

Yeah.

I mean, like it was like the office.

Yeah.

So many American shows are just, yeah.

Almost everything that was ever on NBC on Thursday nights was adapted from the British, right?

30 Rock.

Wasn't that 30 stone?

30 stone.

Yep.

And it was about somebody who was 30 stone.

30 stone.

Yes.

It's a different show.

But, uh, yeah.

Yeah, this would be great.

And so when you come back on June 6th or whatever, I'm presuming you'll be king at this point.

Can you imagine having a royal on the show?

Yeah.

Just a royal, the king of all England.

Can you imagine being credit?

I would be so good.

I mean, that would be the biggest episode you would ever have.

Yes.

It's good.

June 6 is literally a Monday.

So I hope it is.

It is.

It will be back on that very day.

And you'll be king of England.

Holy shit.

I can't believe it's really this simple.

But don't say it.

Yes, no, I know.

It's just it's all through out of the blue.

I never imagined myself.

I mean, I imagined myself marrying into royalty.

Sure.

Of course.

By the way, how did you learn?

Well, at one point, engage if I'm not mistaken.

Where'd she go to someone?

To Princess, um, nearly.

Amelia?

Princess Amelia?

Well, she's not a princess.

Oh, I have my sight set on Lady Amelia.

And she's a niece of Diana.

And well, there was a duel between me and her intended.

What was her intended's name?

It was like...

Oh, we looked it up.

It was the Grizz.

Well, yes.

Grizzwald?

It was one of the Grizzwald's...

His last name is Millardus.

I don't know.

But he goes by the Grizz.

He's known it as the Grizz.

Yeah, he's the Grizz.

It's Greg Millardus.

Something in his friends call him the Grizz.

But in here, I had a duel with swords.

With swords.

And I did lose, but you know what?

All this time later, they're still not married.

So...

You know what I mean?

There is something's going on there.

That's interesting.

I think, you know, especially if you're king.

Yeah, who could resist marrying a king?

I mean, get that information out there.

But I have a thought to challenge him to another duel.

And can you do a redo of a duel?

A redo?

Well, I survived it barely, but I did.

I think I can.

And my thought this time, this is a bit wild.

You know, this is my...

If they reboot the Batman all the time, you could do another duel.

Absolutely.

A duel over?

Yeah.

A duel over.

The duel over.

Hot de.

I'm a duel.

You may not know.

The Grizz is for a living.

Wow, look at those birds up there.

Oh, yes.

Do you have birds like that up in Mary Old England?

I bet they're all sad and rained on all the time.

So they're just like, sopping wet and just like...

Sopping wet birds.

That means something else in England.

Oh, that's right.

Sopping wet birds.

That is what one says.

That was two crows chasing a falcon, I believe.

Why chase a falcon?

Well, because the falcon wants their babies.

And in England, the falcon just gets what he wants.

I think the ravens yield to the falcon.

But I was super bowl last year, I believe.

The ravens yield to the falcon.

Yeah, I think so.

I think you may be right.

Well, it was, oh, yes.

The Grizz.

Do you know what he does for a living?

I have no clue.

It's laughable.

What does a guy named the Grizz do for a living?

He's a water polo instructor.

No.

What?

I'm afraid it's an instructor.

Not even a player.

Well, he knows the game inside and out.

And my plan is to challenge him to a one-on-one game of water polo.

Why challenge him at all?

Well, he does best precisely to all the more humiliated.

Are you have you played water polo at all?

Never in my life.

Oh, Byron.

No, no, no.

Can you imagine that?

If I were to best him at the thing of the world.

I can imagine if the best that in the world.

They're stacked against you, like, staggeringly so.

It's a wonderful underdog story.

I mean, I don't know that I have the time now that I'm building a throne.

This was my plan to train up and get myself ready and take on the...

Here's what I say.

Yes.

I say, build the throne, become king.

Then you'll have dominion over the Grizz, over Lady Amelia.

Would he be one of your subjects?

Could you put him to death?

Well, I don't see why not.

I mean, why not like you could just take care of this without the duel to the executioner?

I would maybe challenge him to the duel first, see how it works out.

And then if it doesn't work out, your first act as king is to put the Grizz to death.

Well, if it does work out too, if it does or it doesn't, I mean.

You know what I mean?

You don't want the Grizz sniffing around.

No, no.

Fucking in palace.

Oh, gentlemen, this is a wonderful...

This is a great plan.

Do you want to put it out there to the Grizz that you're ready to duel?

Absolutely.

Listen to me, you.

He's all the way in England, right?

So...

Certainly.

So hopefully this podcast will reach his ears.

The Grizz, you bested me at swords.

I give it to you, you did.

But this time you're going down, down into the deep end of the water polo pool.

I will defeat you in your area of expertise.

I hereby challenge you, sir, to a game of water polo for the hand of Lady Amelia Spencer.

Wow.

Well, now, Byron, I have a little bit of a surprise for you.

Now, when I said that the Grizz is all the way over there across the pond, I was fibbing a little bit because I happen to know the Grizz is whereabouts.

Oh, no.

And the Grizz...

Oh, dear.

Uh, is actually right here in this very backyard of mine.

I feel that this is not quite fair.

And I wanted to surprise you with him, but is that the Grizz's music we hear?

Please welcome the Grizz.

Well, well, well.

Oh, dear.

I feel I've been rather shabbily treated here.

In a way.

What have you lied to me?

You lied to me.

How did I lie to you?

You told me.

Then by admission.

No, you told me he was across the pond.

This is a very unplanned.

This is a man who'd stabbed me in the abdomen with a sore glass.

I know I will again.

I'm in the pond in my backyard, AKA.

Am I swimming?

Yes, and he was.

He was across there, yes.

I suppose.

Do my ears deceive me?

Or did someone challenge me to a game of War Apollo?

Well, yes, but not today.

Oh, no.

Oh, Apollo, in structure.

I've 31 years of age.

Yes, I suppose.

You're a very good champion.

Well, isn't it interesting?

You've been engaged for almost two years now, haven't you?

And yet no movement toward a wedding date.

What's going on there?

I does as I please, Byron.

I does as I please.

Are you sure the lady isn't having sick and forbs cold feet and whatnot?

She's having food, thoughts.

I like to engage him again.

What?

First, I like to engage him.

Then I engaged her.

Then I like to engage him again.

Then I said, but there were already engaged.

Then she forgets and says, I like to engage him again.

She remembers the first forgets the second.

Oh, you're quite sure.

I think after all this time, she must be thinking, maybe it's not such a great idea.

How did you engage, by the way, the first time?

I'm sure it was just...

Yeah, well, you know what?

I don't know, Gris.

Have we ever found out your love story with Lady Amelia?

Yeah.

How did you guys meet?

How did you follow?

How does a guy named Gris meet the Lady Amelia?

Thank you for asking.

Yes.

Lady Amelia and I met at the disco deck.

Oh, another very modern reference.

And a Beethah.

Oh, okay.

I'm just checking a Beethah.

How long ago has you been engaged two years?

How long have you been dating?

We've known each other for a long time.

Oh, really?

We were best friends, weren't we?

Oh, wow.

We were...

Friends or school children?

No, we don't have Jewish people in England.

That's a couple.

Do you mean like when Bertram met Beatrice?

Yes.

Oh, yeah.

The movie that went Harry Metzell.

Where did she have that fake orgasm?

It couldn't have been a cats' deli.

It was an errands, I believe.

It was an errands.

It was an errands and she...

And when she finished faking the orgasm.

An old lady at the couch that turned around and said, I say that does look ripping.

Oh, wow.

I should like to be served the same thing that she was served.

Wow.

So you were friends and then just one night loved Bloomed?

One night loved Bloomed.

Wow.

We was looking at each other across the pool.

I was instructing her to play Warpolo at the time.

How is she as a player?

She's all right.

Not bad.

Yeah.

Why did she want to play Warpolo?

I think to get closer to me.

Wow.

To see me with me shirt off.

Yeah.

I get it.

You're very...

You're young.

You have like an incredible body, a swimmer's body, I'm assuming.

Yeah, you're very wide.

Yeah.

Very wide.

Yeah.

Delt's lats, the whole thing.

You got those cum-dutters.

Those CGs.

You got those UK CGs.

We call them Sue.

Seaman Sue is it in the UK.

You do it.

Okay.

The drain right into the Thames.

I heard in Australia they go the opposite way.

Oh, yes.

It goes up.

Goes up.

You know I made the zig.

The zig.

We got to get the zero go of the chills.

We got to get the zero.

The Australian version of the Grids.

That guy is a lot.

You know that everyone in Australia is a mere version of everyone here.

Like, oh, hey.

Yeah.

So, wait, there's a me there?

No, no, no.

Everyone in the UK.

Oh, in the UK, right?

No.

Oh, here in...

In this hemisphere.

It's a mirror images of the whole hemisphere.

It's terrifying.

Don't ever go.

So, were you guys just like in the pool and you kissed?

Or, well, where was your first physical?

When did you get physical with Lady Amelia?

If you don't mind me asking.

Not until the night of the engagement.

Really?

How sweet?

We remain chased until that moment.

But you're supposed to remain chased until your wedding day, which of course may never come.

Like a true non-royal clown.

Wow.

No.

Well, you're not a royal yet to be fair.

Right.

I'm close to the ears.

Yeah.

How are you, though?

I'm building a throne.

Mm-hmm.

I've built several phones over my lifetime.

Have your life been really?

My first throne I built.

I was five years old.

Even before Lady Amelia, you were just building thrones?

That's right.

I was just building thrones.

Wow.

What do you do with them?

Mostly I give them to friends.

Oh, that's a good gift.

We're a nice gift.

We're a nice non-apture.

Here's the filter of a throne.

I built you a throne.

Well, if they're all these seven.

Would you say no?

Oh, no.

I would happily take a throne.

There's someone I delivered into my house.

Exactly.

So then is it really more of a race at this point?

I'm to build a throne, and then he's already got one, and then on the day of the Jubilee, whoever gets into the throne room first is the king.

Don't you see?

What?

If you're not a peer of the realm, it don't matter, do it.

What do you mean by that?

You're just a nobody.

You're one of the rabble, one of the pages.

Wow.

But I'll have built a throne and gotten it to the throne room first, and I will be king, don't you see?

Well, if you get into the throne room first, there's no chance of that, because you're going to drown.

Dora, how old do you do?

Byron, you look...

Byron, I'm just curious, because I don't know if we've ever gotten to this.

How old are you?

Oh, yes.

58 years old.

That's old as hell.

And the Gris is 31, did you say earlier?

31, did you say earlier?

31.

Wow.

Did you...

Why take him on in water bowl?

Why?

Why lay down his particular gauntlets?

Oh, the whole idea was to have a few months practice at Waldenpolo so that I could humiliate him, but now...

Here we are.

A few months!

Yes!

Would you admit a few months?

I was going to work on it every single day for about three months.

How many minutes a day?

How many minutes?

I'm up to 60.

Every day.

Every day!

That's fucking it!

That wouldn't have cut it!

Of course it would.

I'm a natural athlete.

Sure.

I'm really happy.

Anything I'm trying to take up, I do rather well.

Sure.

As all the British are.

Certainly.

Yes.

Bad mittin'.

Look, I think your only hope here is to do some sort of like air-bud situation where you substitute a dog for you or something.

Oh, sorry.

Is that your answer?

There's something in the room?

Just says a dog cannot play war-boding.

Oh, damn.

That's too bad.

And Byron, it's been so nice knowing you and it's been such a pleasure to have you on the show low these many years.

Yes, yes.

I intend to go to my watery grave as a very British man, in a British.

I'm going to be British about it.

Okay, good.

Yeah, you'll have a stiff upper lip.

You'll be resigned to your fate.

Nicely.

You guys are...

Go ahead and get into the pool, if you don't mind.

Go on, Byron.

Byron.

So pretty cool.

You're complaining about the gold?

It's going to be hotter in death.

Oh, dear.

Alright, so let's see.

I guess I'll do a little play-by-play here.

Now, we all know first goal wins.

First goal wins, and we're going to flip a...

What do you call this coin here?

What is this?

A pound note?

A pound note, yeah.

We're going to flip a pound note to see who gets the ball first.

Oh, Byron's coin.

Byron, yeah.

Call it in the air.

Alright.

It's the queen.

Face of the queen.

It is the queen.

You get the ball first.

Oh, wonderful.

Alright, very good.

Here I go.

Do your work.

Water!

Parallel!

Oh, my God.

The Grizz is drowning.

Somehow.

Grizz!

How did that happen?

What happened?

Oh, dear God.

He got tangled up in the net.

Oh, no.

I can put the ball in there.

Put the ball in there.

Oh, my God.

Byron, you can do this.

You can do this.

Just remember I'm making my way over there.

Byron, hurry.

Dang.

It's around yourself.

Byron's tangled up in the net.

Oh, no.

Oh, God.

They both drowned.

James, we have this coming back to life.

How could I get there?

Oh, my God.

These.

I was in Australia, heaven.

Oh, my God.

Oh, it's it's what's the anti-grind.

So it's Richard Harrow.

Richard Harrow from boardwalk empire.

Viking changed.

Number five.

Ah.

A lot of splashing.

Now this is the pool.

Dual over part dual.

Part dual.

Yes.

Was there a part one?

No, no.

Okay.

Okay, good.

It's explained.

I thought I was good.

I thought I was going crazy.

No, no.

This is.

Oh, my God.

Everyone's a little insane sometimes.

No, is that true?

Yes, it's true.

Oh, this time needs an anima.

Why did he say that?

That is Jack.

He's a.

I mean, Gotham.

Look, Gotham was insane already.

It didn't need an anima.

Especially not from the likes of him.

Yes.

It's like Dr. anima thyself.

It was not like the suburbs.

You know what I'm saying?

Give yourself an anima before you get this.

Give yourself an anima.

Oh, that was first of all, Jason.

This was we mentioned Jason Manduka's in a previous episode being sort of a hypochondriac a little bit or, you know, aware of his health and safe.

So he was very far away from us.

I think you would.

I were next to each other and Andy, we were all.

We were closer.

We were all pretty close and Jason was the furthest away by the pool.

So that's him making all the splashing sounds.

Yes.

He was like putting the mic down next to the pool and doing all the splashing.

That was supposed to represent two men in a pool.

It sounds great.

That's so great.

We also we mentioned the Zerg in this episode and that's where that seed was planted.

That's right.

Really fun.

It was really fun.

So now I've done the Grids a few times with Andy.

Yeah.

And I've all and I haven't checked with him.

I don't know if he's 100% on board with it happening.

He loves it.

Oh, really?

No, I said, hey, can we get the Grids involved?

And he was like, yes, if he's around.

He was like, very quick to say, I think he loves it.

Because what I try to do with that character is I try to do, I'm trying to communicate in my like everything that Andy says, I feel like my job is to say, you don't know what you're talking about.

That's what they want you to believe.

What I want to communicate is I'm not like full on contradicting his world building or road.

No, no, it's it doesn't sound like that to me.

It's just like me.

It's just like this character antagonizing this other character and it could all be bullshit.

Well, it's also interesting because Andy has to play lower status to you as well because usually Andy is like a high status character.

And Jason and I are just like peppering him with questions being a little lower status.

But suddenly the Grids comes in his higher status and it throws him off to be like, Oh, no, because you know, he has to be a sniveling worm.

Yeah, yeah, it's great.

It's great.

It's really fun.

And we started Twitter accounts.

He did I saw that he did a Byron Dennis and accounts like, is there a Grids?

Nope, I'm going to do it.

I don't think I follow either.

We had like four exchanges.

Okay.

And then we both forgot that we were doing it.

We'll call you on.

I'll see if you guys can start us up again.

Yeah.

Come on.

Bring that on stage with you sometime.

God, that was good.

Oh my God.

This is you on my by the time he said muh.

Just to see that fucking fool wandering around.

Wandering around.

All right, that's going to do it for us on part three.

Yeah, we yeah, I'll tell you what on Thursday, we're going to be back and we're going to crack the top four.

These will be the final four cracks.

Yeah, cracking these four be cracking you you cracking the floor.

The floor cracking open and the crack of hell swallowing you and the crack of the floor.

At least.

Only the crack is in there too.

Oh yeah, the crack is down there.

Release the cracker.

Is that from something?

That's from Clash of the Titans.

There we go.

Yep.

All right, we'll see you next time.

Bye.

I love you.

I'm going to go ahead and get a little bit of a look at this.
