---
layout: page
title: Best of 2014 Pt 3 [31640⧸21298].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

♪♪♪ Pandas are philanderers, squirrels truly immoral.

Tadpoles? Why they're just bad souls.

But the foulest beast of all, Colombian knight monkeys...

They're simply foul creatures.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang.

Now they're drawing out of the word monkeys.

That was because I realized, because I said monkey...

MONKEY!

But I realized I didn't have the whole thing, so I had to click on the link, and it took me to the rest of the catchphrase.

I see, I see.

That was submitted by the Voblex again.

Hey, Voblex.

Wow, the Voblex is really racking up the catchphrases.

Two Mons in a row.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang, and Scott Ockermann here.

This is best of part three!

Our last episode of deck.

Last episode. How's it feel? How's it feel?

This is the last one of the year.

Now we will be back again someday in Jan, because that New Year's Day will have part four of the countdown.

That's right.

But this is our last episode of 2014, technically.

And I'm here with Paul F. Tompkins.

Hello, everyone. I'm Paul F. Tompkins.

That's true.

My name is Paul F. Tompkins.

That's also true.

We had some issues on the program for the first time this year.

That seems odd that it was the first time.

They...

Yeah, I don't know why.

I was a good one.

That was a good one.

That was a cracker.

That was. That...

We'll see if that ends up on the countdown.

Oh...

But today we're going to be counting down...

We already counted down 15 through 6 from the countdown.

Yeah, remember.

And today we're going to countdown 7 through 4.

You said 15 through 6.

Did you mean 15 through 8?

I did.

All right.

Thank you for holding my feet to the fire on that.

You are welcome.

I think the public has a right to know.

These aren't the Pentagon Papers, Paul.

Was that the one with Ioni Sky?

Yes, the Pentagon Papers.

Yeah.

Were John Cusack held up the boob box?

Yeah.

That's right.

Yeah, that's a great one.

Okay.

If you're listening to Comedy Bang Bang for the first time, we're in the middle of...

I mean, why have you started on Best of Part 3?

I don't know.

This is what I'm saying.

I think it's people who...

They think they deserve to be treated better than other people.

So they say, I'm not going to listen to 15 through 8.

15 through 8.

Oh, sorry.

8.

I'm going to go skip ahead.

Well, here's what I would say.

Dumbass.

Why don't you just wait until New Year's Day and listen to the top one?

The greatest...

Yeah, the final minute of the...

The final minute of the...

Yeah.

So I don't know...

I hate those people as my point.

I hate them too.

So if this is your first episode you're ever listening to, I hate you.

Yeah.

I hate you.

No, I hate.

I still do.

It's a strong word.

It sure is.

That's why I chose it.

Oh my goodness.

We're going to hear 7, 6, 5 and 4 on this and I'm excited.

We're getting into the meat of the matter.

Oh, matter meat.

I love matter meat.

Well, meat is made of matter.

Yeah, as Morrissey sang.

Meat is matter.

I don't know that song goes...

It's over wood and it's matter.

The worst Smith song of all time.

Meat is matter?

And I am a huge Smith fan.

I can't listen to it.

First of all, it has the sounds of animals being killed as a sound bed.

Isn't that also in...

Oh, isn't that fun song?

We are young?

We are young as the sounds of animals being murdered.

In the background, don't you hear the animals being slaughtered?

Gosh, gosh, gosh.

There's that thing that the bolt they fire into the cow's brain.

Oh, talk.

This is a little bit...

We are young!

Jugugug!

That's fun, literally.

What did you say?

Monke.

I said, youngke.

Youngke.

Guys, we're having fun already.

This is...

We are.

This is part three.

Sorry to all of you listening.

Sorry.

Sorry, Gilly.

We are counting down your top ten and, yeah, we're getting to...

The ones that are higher on the countdown, which signifies that they are the best.

According to you, the audience.

According to Jim as well.

He weighs in.

Now, Jim Belushi weighs in on these.

We keep strict counsel with him.

Yeah.

We always check in with Jim.

Yeah.

Regarding these.

He seems like a guy...

Jim Belushi is a true guy who would begin a lot of sentences with it.

You know what you should do.

You look like him when you...

Ew!

How dare you!

A face just like him.

It was uncanny.

I wish you had a sort of super condescending face.

Yeah, yeah.

It was crazy.

It was like your face transformed into him when you said that.

It's like a face that says, I think you're stupid and I'm generously offering to help you out.

Right, yeah.

I just tried to do what I did.

Oh man, you look just like him.

What are we going to say though?

Sorry to keep interrupting.

Kill yourself.

Oh boy.

According to Jim, I should kill myself.

You think...

Do you think he says according to Jim a lot?

He talks about himself in the third person.

Why wouldn't he?

Jim, if you're listening, come on the show.

We have so many questions for Dave.

According to us.

He...

Well, we'll see if I'm back with Michael Jackson.

He made it on the countdown.

Spoiler alert, it does not.

What were we going to say?

We're nothing.

I don't think I was just fucking around.

Why don't we just get into it then get into number seven on the countdown?

Yeah.

Alright, this is number seven.

Number seven.

Do you have any guesses?

Why do you feel...

Why does this make me feel...

It bothers me that I don't have a good guess, but why should I?

Why should you?

Why would I have the numbers of the episodes...

No, no, I haven't even said the number of the episodes.

I'm just saying...

Oh, that's even worse.

Do you have any guess like...

No, I don't.

Why would you?

This is episode 312.

This is okay.

Already we had broken off another Hondo.

And we're 12 episodes deep at this point.

This is an episode called Grounded Me At Symbol.

Grounded Meat, in other words.

Sure.

And this is an episode with our good friend Andy Samberg from Brooklyn Nine-Nine.

That's right.

And Lauren Lapkis, again.

I know this episode.

I bet you do.

This is one of my favorite...

So of all time.

Favorite sub all time.

Yeah.

This is... Andy is kind enough to come on the show every year around the same time to promote whatever's going on in his life.

And it's happened to be Brooklyn Nine-Nine for the past couple of years.

It's very kind of fun.

And this episode in particular is... it's a really fun one.

He's been coming on since the very beginning.

I think the first episode he was ever on was with Andy Daley and Zach Alifenakis and him.

And that's pretty early in the run.

That's an amazing lineup, Scott.

That's probably episode 18-ish somehow.

We should listen to that one instead.

No, no.

But I will say, I was listening to it today in order to cut out the clip of it.

And this is, I think Andy at his most relaxed and most having fun.

This was... and originally I was sort of like, wow, I can't believe that place so high grounded me at.

And I listened to it again today.

And it's just a delight from start to finish.

It really is.

All three of us are having so much fun in it.

I think it brought a lot of new listeners to the show because if you look at the SoundCloud player for this episode, which is how I was getting the clip together, there are a lot of comments from people saying, oh my God, what is this show?

This is the most bizarre interview, but it's so funny all the way through.

So I think it brought a lot of new listeners to the show.

And you know, it's just a really fun episode all the way through.

And quite frankly, Andy was happy that when he walked in the room, because I didn't tell him who he was appearing with, Adam Pally was not there.

And bro was...

So...

Did he mention like, oh, I'm so glad.

For a second, I thought Adam Pally was going to be here.

Well, I'm...

And by the way, he said it in jest, but I made him do it with Adam Pally a couple years in a row, because the first one was so funny where he played bro.

And then I was like...

They very thinly constructed character.

And a very negative character who shuts down bits a lot.

So then I thought it was so funny, I had him do it again and maybe Magic Lightning didn't strike twice.

Because the second time Adam completely abandons the character.

Like so fast.

Yeah, so fast.

And he's just himself.

Yeah.

So in this episode, Lauren Lapka's who plays Tracy Rodden on the show as well as several other characters, Ho Ho the Night Elf.

She is playing my nephew Todd.

And I can never get the facts straight on this character.

Did she have done it once before, right?

She had done it once, twice before, I believe.

Oh!

The first time she just played my nephew Todd, who was my sister's son we had established, staying with me for a long protracted amount of time.

The second time she was on, she played Todd, who had made a wish on a carnival machine and had gotten older.

Now...

So his 30 year old Todd.

This time Todd is back to being...

And she won't say what age the Todd is.

She just keeps saying middle school.

Middle school.

So Todd is 12 or 13 or something like that.

Now...

So it's Todd and Andy.

And we're just going to hear a selection of clips from this show.

And I think this one turned into such a fan favorite.

And I have included the clip.

I think why.

Although people have called it one of the most painful segments to listen to.

I don't know what they're talking about.

Because I...

I don't know what they're talking about.

What was painful about that?

We'll hear it, we'll hear it.

And then we'll talk about it after.

But this includes the Hollywood Facts theme song.

This is grounded me all-sad-able.

It's an include.

This is your number seven.

Number seven.

Todd, this is Andy by the way.

I'm really excited to meet you.

Hi.

What's up?

You see all your bids online?

Oh, right on.

Bids.

That's how they talk.

Yeah, kids today.

How old are of a man are you again, Todd?

Middle school.

Is that really how old you are?

I don't remember.

Let me explain Andy what happened.

The last time Todd was on the program.

He was a...

How old of a man were you at that point?

You were like a 30 year old man.

Well, I became 30 from making a wish on a machine at a carnival.

Total big situation.

Classic.

Classic big.

Um, but I shrunk back down, but my penis stayed big.

Oh, that's so tight.

Yeah, stayed grown up.

That probably plays really nice in the junior high world.

Yeah, but people think it's kind of weird.

To have such a big penis.

Yeah, because it looks like a dad penis.

Did your pubes shrink back down as well?

Pube stayed big.

Oh, well, that's good.

Okay.

Do you have a giant bush?

Yeah, big bush on a big, green small butt.

I can't believe you didn't say a mighty bush.

Yeah, that's true.

Hey, props to those guys.

Hey, props to mighty bush.

Big shout out.

Mm hmm.

Great big shout out.

All right, I'm gonna take off.

All right, later, man.

Thanks.

Let me talk to Todd for a while.

Todd, this is Andy Samberg.

You must be a big fan.

You're in middle school.

Yeah.

That's my demo.

You must have grown up with his comedy.

Uh, yeah.

Um...

His comedy must have been almost like an absentee phone.

Your father to you.

Yeah, it kind of was considering I don't have a dad.

Really, my parents kind of leave me with you all the freaking time and you're not much of a role model.

That's true.

Hey, I don't, I don't pretend to be one.

Yeah, well, yeah, not even to me.

Well, it's got, don't you remember that time we were hanging out at dinner and you're like, I kind of feel like I'm a role model at the time.

Oh God, I did say that.

You did not say that.

I did say that.

You're just being bragging.

Wait, I said I was a bad role model.

That's true.

Yeah.

Todd, let your uncle off the hook on this one.

That makes more sense.

You said it in a sentence, though.

I was uncle Andy's fault.

Yep.

You're my uncle.

Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.

I'm so lucky.

No, I meant it like the way the like L.O. Cool J calls himself uncle L like I'm ever.

Does he call himself uncle L?

Yeah, he used to.

I don't know if he still does.

I imagine he's are the ladies who love him, his nieces.

Ladies love uncles.

Ladies love uncle cool J. Yeah.

Lady nieces love cool James.

What do you think about L.O. Cool J Andy?

He of course has been hosting a lot of things lately.

He's got that NCIS LA show.

And so didn't he host the Grammys or something recently?

And he had a moment of silence and stuff.

He hosted the Grammys two years in a row, I think.

Yeah.

Good stuff.

He's a positive force in the entertainment world.

He puts out a lot of good energy.

He's a force for good.

And that's what we can all ascribe to be.

And another thing I'll say is I heard somebody broke into his house and he beat the shit out of them.

So I'm not going to say anything negative about him.

I'll say something.

Aspire maybe I meant?

Yes.

He licks his lips like he's making room.

He licks his job.

He licks him like he's like, oh, they want it.

I wonder if that goes through his mind as he's talking.

Just like, oh, I bet I'm making girls horny now.

Gives a little lick.

Do you think that's it?

Andy, you're not going to say anything.

I think he definitely makes that sound every time.

That's really weird watching the Grammys where he's like, all right, on next presenters.

He was in the Foo Fighters.

Blah.

But they want him to host every year.

It wants working.

Spot on depression.

Yeah, good stuff.

Andy, B99, it's a runaway hit.

You've heard of a runaway bride, but a hit?

Yes, this is it.

Is that right?

Yep.

And B99, you went home with a GG this year.

Double GGs.

The GGL of awards.

I got Dose Gs.

Dose, Dose, Dose Gs.

Do you get a GG for the show because you're a producer?

I do indeed.

I do.

Do a dirty little secret from a...

Do a little knot line.

They're just hanging.

Yeah.

They keep each other company.

Cool.

And they're just little dinkers.

Yeah.

You ever make them talk to each other and like in the Bath Billy Madison style?

I'm the golden globe like that.

Yeah, yeah.

Do a little harder.

Adam Sandler versus...

It's spot.

I do modern Sandler more than the old Sandler.

Yeah, yeah.

What's the difference?

What's the diff?

Young Sandler is a lot squeakier.

It was a lot of...

Ooh, you, you, that stuff.

Everyone's voice deepens.

Now he's kind of...

Hey, hey, hey buddy.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Well, you did a movie with him and talk about runaway brides.

So I should know.

Runaway Bride is a movie.

Yeah.

A movie like the Runaway Bride is what we did together.

Yeah.

And...

It was the Runaway Bride too.

Yeah.

That was true.

All mail cast.

If you view it through that prism, it actually is pretty good, don't you think?

If you view it of like, hey, this is the sequel to Runaway Bride.

Yeah.

Yeah, definitely.

Surprising, surprising casting, but still really good.

Sure.

Um, what do we have, Todd, do you have questions about Brooklyn Nine-Nine?

Yeah, well, my main question is, do you ever get to like, kiss a girl on it or like, do you want anything like that?

Yeah, I've kissed a few girls on it.

It's pretty standard TV, so...

So like, when you're doing that, are you like thinking about, when you're like, take my home or like...

You're a girlfriend or...

No, no, I mean, it's mostly just acting, but I mean, do you need advice or...?

Yeah, I'm like wondering like, well, when you kiss someone, like, what do you do with your mouth, then what do you do with your arms?

Well, I find...

I'd like to know that too.

I find if you leave your arms like, just straight down at your sides.

Mm-hmm.

Kind of mannequin style.

Really tight mannequin style.

Like, I think that's kind of cool.

All right, I'll do it.

If I were with the opportunity.

What do you do with your...

I was wondering, what do you do with your teeth?

Like I know what to do with my lips, I know what to do with my tongue, I know what to do with my esophagus.

I just tell my teeth to take a hike.

Hey guys.

Take a breath for a sec.

Yeah, if this mouth is rocking, don't come being a teethin'.

Yep.

How many cavities have you ever had in your life?

I'm gonna say at least six or seven.

Six or seven, yeah.

How do you feel those bad boys?

What are my choices again?

Well, a lot of people who used to use gold.

Gold.

I use...

Just in this gold.

Ooh.

Yeah, save a buck or two.

Sure, why not?

In this economy?

If Uncle Scott's your uncle will use gum and just shove gum in your teeth and then...

Well look, I don't think that I should be saddled with your dentistry bills.

Yeah, with teeth hurt.

That's not my balla-wick.

I mean, I'm sorry, it's not my responsibility.

You gotta dumb it down for Todd.

What's the balla-wick?

I didn't know that word either.

What is it?

Balla-wick?

That's the thing that Gandalf fights at the end of the middle one.

Yeah, exactly.

It's his responsibility to fight it.

That's how we came up with that word.

But no, look, I mean, look, you've been staying with me far too long, by the way.

You got dropped off on Memorial Day.

In the minds of Moria.

Sorry.

No, keep going.

Every other sentence, I want to hear more of this story.

And then you were supposed to leave on Labor Day.

What happened?

I thought you were gonna add a sentence in this game.

Oh, it's a ballywog.

Ballywog.

As far as I'm concerned, we're three weeks after Labor Day at this point.

You haven't left.

I'm trying to have eternal summer.

You're not going to school or anything.

I don't want to go to school when I hang out with you all day.

What's your, where do you, what state do you live in?

California?

Right.

With you, basically you're basically my new dad.

My mom doesn't even care.

You better call your sister and try to get her back here.

Oh, God.

But when you're not staying with your Uncle Scott, are you in Antarctica still?

Yeah, I go back to Antarctica where I freeze my little butt off all day.

Metallica played there, so that must have been fun.

Wicked cool.

I never get to go to anything cool.

I'm always grounded.

I'm always in trouble.

I was in the audience at that show.

A bunch of polar bears.

Polar bears and penguins.

Yeah.

High five on that.

A double.

That was more like a high ten.

And high five.

High five.

Oh, there we go.

Yep.

No one can see that, so they probably think it's as funny as us.

Yep.

100%.

So Todd, what, I mean, come on.

When you going home, I don't have the food for you.

I'm running out of food in the pantry.

Yeah, I mean, I don't know.

I feel like my mom doesn't even want me to come back probably.

It's kind of how it feels right now.

She just told you to watch me and she took off.

Yeah, that's her though.

It's just you and me, we should be a sitcom.

She's been, I don't know.

I mean, you know, Andy, you're the king of sitcoms now.

You lie atop the throne of sitcom nobility.

Is this a sitcom?

Me and Todd.

He's my uncle.

He always grounds me.

He always makes me grounded meat.

And that's it.

So it's under where I can't watch TV ever.

Grounded me parentheses, A-T, and parentheses.

There is a movie.

Pull in.

Maybe some trouble with at midnight with the at symbol.

So maybe it's grounded me and then the at symbol?

I don't know.

Grounded me at symbol colon, me and my uncle trying to do it.

Trying to do it.

Live together.

And you say like explains, there needs to be a stage direction.

Explains.

Live together.

How's that?

Andy?

So give me the whole thing one more time.

Grounded me.

Pull in.

Me and my uncle trying to do it.

Explains.

Live together.

I think it's good.

Okay.

I'd see something without long of a title.

It would be original.

I'd want to know why it was so long and probably it was probably the best thing I ever existed.

So I'd have to watch it.

I actually am really starting to interrupt.

I think somebody actually did have a pilot called that this year.

Oh, too bad.

How to do?

Who's in that?

Mmm.

So funny.

Okay.

Every idea I had was too mean.

I know who it was.

It wasn't Elle Golde.

Who was in it?

It was all McDonald's mascots.

Old McDonald's?

All the McDonald's mascots.

Oh, I see.

Humberger.

Fry guy.

Little shaky things.

Humberger's stand up is actually not bad.

Yeah.

A lot of people like laugh him off, but he's got some edgy shit.

He's just upon the comedy of hamburgler.

That'd be a good series.

Series?

Is that what you call them?

Series?

Is that because there's a series of shows that happen sequentially?

I would imagine so.

Yeah.

Okay, good.

Yeah.

Just wondering.

It's good to touch base on stuff like that.

How's the TV work?

It's a bunch of tubes and amps.

Is it tubes anymore?

Like, I don't think with flat screens you could fit tubes in there anymore.

I think it's thousands of tiny little dots, right?

And again, my wife has tubes in her and who knows?

Who knows how that works?

How many you have tubes in you also?

Yeah, that's true.

They're all the same.

Do you get them tied?

Oh, yeah.

Every day.

Wow.

That seems a little bono.

It's just dropped by the dock.

Hey.

Overzealous.

Can you make sure my tubes are tied today?

Just give them another.

I'm cutting you back open.

Yep.

Still tied.

Oh, this mess.

Todd.

Todd, what in school?

Why are you so annoyed by me?

I just don't even do anything.

It's my sister, all right.

I have to admit.

This has been her problem.

She's been like this ever since she was growing up.

Do you have siblings, Andy?

Yeah, I have two older sisters.

Two older sisters.

Isn't it the same way with them?

Like, you know what I mean?

It's just like...

When they're always like dumping my nephew on me?

Yeah.

To stay with me for months on end.

Yeah.

They ever do that stuff like that?

No.

Do you have a responsible sister?

Yeah, they're both pretty responsive.

I wish I did.

I mean, my sister responsible for my headaches.

Oh, man.

Oh, another high-five?

Wow, that was unexpected.

Thank you all.

It's out with though.

Did you ever get grounded by your parents?

Or your uncle?

Yeah, I think once or twice.

What'd you do?

Just like... kill the guy.

Wow.

See, I never really did anything like that.

Hey, but I was fucked up when I was little.

That was so cute.

That's so cute.

I got into some shit.

Scott knows that.

I read your autobiography.

Yeah.

Was it called a game?

Salmon upstream.

Yep.

And it keeps it on a high shelf so I can never reach it.

No, I don't want you hanging out with Andy.

I want to know everything about him.

I just don't even want you here in the studio.

I'm an open book, Todd.

Shoot.

Ask me.

Go ahead, ask me.

Alright.

AMA.

You ever when you're sleeping next to your uncle feel like you should get your own bed?

Well, I've been married to my uncle for several years, so no.

I mean, I assume eventually we'll drift apart and sleep in separate rooms.

But until that day...

Look, it's a slippery slope.

My answer is...

You can marry anything these days.

Hey, don't call my uncle a slope.

Alright.

No, I know that he's half Japanese, would it?

My uncle never proposed to me.

Look, I'm not going to propose to you.

He, he, by the way...

Scott, you got cold feet, buddy.

He's getting there.

He keeps asking me.

Yoly, we have a bus.

I just want to have a family.

Oh, God.

You're too young for a family.

Whatever.

I don't want anything.

It's weird to be married to me.

Well, that sucks.

Get married and adopt kids that are the same age as your net...

Yeah, and I'll be there.

Dad, I'll be in charge.

Finally, you laid out my own rules to stop listening to your garbage.

Rule number one, Todd, go.

You could do whatever you want, and the first thing you can get to do is do what I want.

Which is?

Eat Suck in Lollipops.

I've never heard that as a descriptor for Lollipops.

The sucking ones.

Suck in Lollipops.

Eat Suck in Lollipops.

And suck on popsicles until everyone screams.

Yeah.

Look, I, you know, I work hard when I get home.

I want to do what I want to do.

I want to watch TV.

I want to suck on Lollipops.

Eat Suck in Lollipops.

Yeah.

Look, you know, if you're the one saying with me, all right, we can't do what you want to do like that lasted for about a week.

But I tried to entertain you and do what you wanted to do.

I've been living there so long it's like practically my house.

Yeah.

So let me live my life.

You always have tried to punish me and make yourself be the king.

What do you want to do?

What do you want to do with your life?

I want to float in your pool for once.

No.

Pretend I'm dead.

Please.

Why do you want to pretend you're dead?

This is the weird part.

This is why I won't let you float in my pool.

Yeah, that is fun.

Have you ever pretended you're dead in a pool?

He's obsessed with the movie Sunset Ball.

I'm a boy.

She frees frames the opening in the pool.

Who is she?

Look, you know I like to call you a she.

You raspful.

That's a ridicule you.

I'm a freaking boy.

My dick's bigger than yours.

That is true.

Let's take our dicks out for a little exercise.

All right, look.

All right, here we go.

I think this is leading to marriage.

All right, let's compare these things.

Compare Andes.

Wait.

Okay, here's mine.

All right, here we go.

Yep.

All right, let's put them in sort of.

Oh, shit.

Damn.

That's what I do.

Why do you say fluff-flunk when you take your dick out?

No, that was the sound of the wind.

It was in the table.

Oh, wow.

Oh, let's, okay, let's put them in a pyramid if we are.

Yeah, a pyramid situation.

A pyramid situation.

All right.

Two on the bottom one on the top.

Who wants to be on the top?

You do.

Okay, I'll be on the top.

Andy, wait a pyramid or a log cabin?

Either.

Well, I mean.

It's like a gold brick.

Yeah, a pyramid if you're a cheerleader.

Does that make sense?

Oh, I see what you're saying.

Yeah, okay.

Or a log cabin.

I was thinking of pyramid like a teepee style.

Right, yeah, we do have to get them erect.

No, two teepee and one is inside like a person.

Andy, what?

What is happening?

I'm like a fully artist today.

I am making a sound effects record, by the way.

That could be track 13.

Ooh.

Can we get that clean?

Yeah.

Ready?

Can we get that clean?

Yeah.

Great.

Track 13.

Paul F, if you're listening to this, this goes on your sound effects record.

That was cool.

Yeah.

I don't even know what that sounded like.

Hey, you know, that's what's great about it.

For a sound effects record, you can just apply it to anything.

You can repurpose it, yeah.

It sounded to me like pressing your butt cheeks together over and over.

Do you do that?

Yeah, that's how I make my dick hard.

It is weird that you're...

How old are you, 11?

Whatever, middle school age.

Okay, but with a full-sized man theme.

Full-sized man's penis that is rock hard, 23 out of the 24 hours a day.

Does that make my...

That he's mushing his butt cheeks back and forth.

Yeah, it's my only butt play.

Yeah, you have a tight butt though.

I have to say.

Work it out.

Thanks for noticing.

I think that you're saying honey.

Wait, I think we figured out what the sitcom is about.

It's not about a nephew staying with his uncle.

It's about a nephew who married his uncle.

Oh.

Sounds like it's about you then.

It's like a cautionary tale.

Yeah, well, I could write it and you guys could star.

Sounds perfect.

You got two golden globes on your side.

I mean, I guess I could eat pee.

Eat pee?

Cool.

I could eat pee.

You want to eat some pee today?

You could be.

And then just munch some suckin' lollipiles.

You know, we don't play Hollywood Facts anymore and you did the theme song to it.

So, you know, no matter what game we play, I feel like we should play the Hollywood Facts theme.

It's time to play What Am I Thinking?

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood.

Facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know who your stars.

Just glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

Then go walk in front of Chinese theater.

Hollywood Facts.

Take out your dick.

Check out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts, bro.

Yep.

Still holds up.

You know, the day we recorded it, if we listen to it 17 more times, we can memorize it.

Let's hear it one more time.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts.

We're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know who your stars.

There's glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

Then go walk in front of Chinese theater.

Hollywood Facts.

Take out your dick.

Check out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts, bro.

I'm almost.

You all do it once without the music and try to say it.

All right.

Here we go.

That's much better.

Nice.

Bam, bam, bam, bam.

Well, it's Hollywood facts.

Going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

There's lots of glamour.

There's glitzing, glamour and lots of stars.

Clubs.

And lots of bars.

And then it goes to bars.

Lots of stars.

Lots of bars.

And lots of bars.

We got to hear it one more time.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

Then go walk in front of Chinese theater.

Hollywood Facts.

Take out your dick.

Check out the facts.

All right.

Here we go.

All right.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts.

Everyone going downtown.

Going to Inglewood.

Now we got to do your facts and know your stars.

Get a drink at a bar.

Get a bunch of drinks.

At a bar.

Got to hear it again.

This is excruciating.

Got to hear it again.

Hey, Sam.

Sam.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

All right.

Now everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

Lots of bars.

Yeah.

Here we go.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Got to know your facts and know your stars.

There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

And walk in front of the Chinese theater.

Walk out.

No, got to hear it again.

Now walk out.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

And go walk in front of Chinese theater.

Hollywood facts.

Nice.

Do do do do.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Got to know your facts and know your stars.

Do your facts.

Isn't it?

Yeah, do your facts.

Everybody know.

Everybody know facts.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

You got to do your facts and know your stars.

You got to do your facts.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Go into Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitzing, glamour and.

Everybody do your facts.

I know your stars.

There's glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

And then go walk in front of the Chinese theater.

Hollywood facts.

Take out your disc.

Okay, here we go.

Nice.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

Glitzing, glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

And then walk in front of the Chinese theater.

Hollywood facts.

Take out your dicks.

Hollywood facts.

Check out your facts.

It's the Hollywood.

Fuck.

Let's see.

Let's check out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts.

That was really good.

Check out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts, bro.

That's as good as this guy.

Oh, really satisfying.

Nice.

Doom, doom, doom, doom.

Well, it's Hollywood facts and we're going downtown.

Going to Inglewood now.

Everybody do your facts and know your stars.

There's glitz and glamour and lots of bars.

Get a drink at a club.

And then walk in front of the Chinese theater.

Hollywood facts.

Take out your dicks.

Check out the facts.

It's the Hollywood facts, bro.

Nailed it.

Someone put a beat under that and send it to us.

Nice.

Doom, doom, doom, doom.

No, please not again.

Number seven.

Ah, number seven.

The Hollywood facts theme.

I found that nothing but delightful.

And especially because as it goes on and you guys are closing in on it, it's like you know that it's going to have a satisfying conclusion.

And it did.

Like, what's, I don't understand who would have an issue with that.

Well, there's some gr...

Look, not everything is everybody's cup of tea.

Well, you know what?

Switch up your tea brands.

Idiots, switch up your tea bags.

Oh, I loved it.

This was one of my two favorite episodes of the year.

Really?

You know, I listen to the show every week.

You do.

You're very kind to me.

I am a fan.

I don't do it out of kindness.

It's selfish reasons because it makes me laugh.

You are like Robert De Niro in that Wesley Snipes film.

A fan.

Perhaps the fan.

He was the fan.

He was the eponymous fan.

And this, there were two episodes that were, to me, so far above in terms of just the amount of fun that you felt like, honest to God, the word for me is delightful.

This one was delightful.

I hope the other one has made it into the top two.

Oh, I hope so.

And the top two.

Mouth what it is.

I'm not even going.

You're not even going to tell it.

Okay, great.

Keep that as a surprise for me.

Once in a while, I feel like, because look, we don't plan the show out a lot.

Or at all, really.

We just kind of sit down and I try to, as a producer of it, I try to put together people that I hope will work well together.

And sometimes you strike at rich in terms of like you wouldn't have expected.

I think number 15 on our countdown, Little Button Puss, three people who didn't really know each other at all.

Kevin Allison, whom I had never met at that point.

Right.

Murphy and John Gemberling, a strange collection of people.

And I didn't know whether it would work well together, but I just half hazardly.

Sorry.

Half hazardly put them together, all of a sudden.

And then you just strike gold somehow.

But I think that's what a lot of these episodes having common is we are having fun while we do it.

And there's that old improv adage of follow the fun.

And when people are having a good time and you can tell that they're having a good time, that's what makes for a good episode, I think.

Yes.

Absolutely.

Well, speaking of good episodes, we are going to get to number six after this break.

And that is another one that I think is another one where we're having a lot of fun, but it's very divisive.

We'll get to number six right after this.

Company bang bang.

We're back.

Next of part three.

P three.

Bopper.

Bob three.

Bob three to meet you.

And now we go to Bob three.

Bob three and Bob.

Bob three and.

Okay, let's talk about what happened.

Hey, let's clear the air.

Let's clear the air about what happened.

All right.

To the listener, unless you paused this for about a week.

Weird.

We were just talking about episode number seven on our countdowns, Andy Samberg grounded me at.

And a mere couple of minutes have passed because you've been listening to an advertisement, I believe.

And here we are back yet to Paul F. Tonkin's and I, we have not seen each other in five days.

It's true.

So how is that possible?

Can I explain it?

Well, I wish you would.

We.

There was Scott and I were, we got to this part in the podcast, seven talking about how, oh, this episode filled me with delight.

Scott wanted to know what's the episode, the other one that I was like, I wouldn't tell you have to guess.

Then we gradually stopped talking.

We just were scary.

We went down from about 50 miles an hour down to about one.

Yeah.

Then zero.

Then wordlessly, we stood up from the table.

We walked out the door and then I don't know what happened to me.

I don't remember.

Some sort of invasion of the body snatchers situation where we just looked at each other.

I feel like I welcomed the body snatchers.

Maybe it's my fault.

They were invading.

They were, they were cordially invited.

But we did, we have not seen each other in five days.

I believe we ran out of time.

You and I ran out of time.

Yes.

And I had not accumulated the clips for the further episodes.

It was kind of a happy accident.

You've heard of...

I have accident.

You've heard of Happy Madison.

I have.

Creator of some of the great films of the past 20 years.

Such as Happy Gilmore or Billy Madison.

Wait a minute.

I think that's how they got their name.

Maybe not.

That's a bit of a stretch.

I'm so sorry.

But Gilmore girls of course.

Of course.

They were the creator of the Gilmore girls.

A spin off of Happy Gilmore.

Yes.

They were Happy Gilmore's children.

That's right.

The Gilmore girls.

Yeah, that's right.

They were not mother and daughter.

They were sisters.

Yeah, yeah.

That's the secret.

If they're trying another one.

If they'd gone another season, they would have revealed.

They would have been revealed.

They were actually sisters and daughters to Happy Gilmore.

Yes.

Ancestrous relationship between Happy Gilmore and Lorelai Gilmore.

She gives birth to her own sister.

What are we talking about?

We ran out of time and I ran out of clips.

We decided to at June.

We are back now.

We're wearing different clothes.

If you're looking at the pictures.

Thank you, Paul.

That's exactly what I was trying to say.

I knew it.

If you're checking out the pictographs, we're wearing different clothes.

Also we're wearing sunglasses.

Yeah.

Because I...

If you heard that noise, that's Paul slapping the microphone away so we can take a better picture.

I'm in the middle of my job, which is talking.

You're doing a fake behind the scenes.

Sure.

I'm articulating more than I normally would.

I'm doing it as if this is meat the cast.

But I woke up today with a super dry eye.

And...

S.D.

And it seems to be watering.

I went into the bathroom and I slapped cold water on my face.

I didn't splash it.

I slapped it.

It's still not helping so I decided to put on my sunglasses.

But I feel like a bit of a douche.

Well, you look like one, two.

Now you say it's very dry.

It's very dry.

But it's watering.

Well, these two things seem at odds with each other's.

Because I'm constantly blinking and I'm trying to get enough water and then which makes it then water.

I can't find the right...

Okay, Neil deGrasse Tyson.

Good science.

Science!

Has she blinded me?

With science?

We've talked about this on...

We have!

And we'll talk about it again.

Many more.

On channel 4.

But yes, we took a bit of a break but thankfully dear listener, you did not need to take a break.

We are picking right back up from whence we stopped.

That's right.

And we are going into the aforementioned very controversial number six.

Number six.

That's right.

Number six on our countdown.

What's controversial?

What do you think it is, Paul?

Hmm.

You're saying there's a bit of controversy?

Was the special guest Prince?

Singing his great hit, controversy.

That's right.

I think that would have been a different song if he had pronounced it thusly.

Controversy.

What a prince made his song.

It was all baby noises.

I bet it would be good.

It was just that guy from the Dukes of Hazard.

A-ness.

I always thought he was saying A-ness when I was a kid.

Oh, what a...

I was like, how did they get away with naming a character A-ness?

A cherry?

A cherry.

And then there was a spin-off named A-ness.

Oh, I forgot he had his own show.

He had his own show where he just like pulled down his trousers, bent over, showed his butt hold ever.

For the children, Scott is referring to TV show called the Dukes of Hazard, the character, of Roscoe P. Coltrane, who was the corrupt, long-force official of Hazard County.

Or Hazard Holler?

Hazard County.

Maybe.

Hazard County, I believe.

Hazard County.

Yeah.

I was not allowed to watch that when I was a child.

I was told it was a dirty show, I believe, because Roscoe P.

Coltrane called A-ness.

A dipstick.

And because his name was A-ness.

Ah!

Really?

Yeah.

I think that was all it took.

A dipstick was objectionable.

Yes.

The same way that my brother got in trouble for writing school sucks on a school thing.

School sucks.

Not because he was in, I believe he was in the fifth grade.

Not because of the sentiment of school is bad, but because that at the time meant sucks cock.

Yes.

I had a friend, and my best friend in high school, his father was very religious.

We went to Catholic school, and his father was deeply devout.

And got mad at him for saying scumbag.

Yes, because that's a condom.

Condoms, yes.

Yes.

And a scumbag traditionally has semen inside in the very tip.

Yeah.

Well, when you're done with it.

Certainly.

I like that.

Hopefully when you're starting with it.

But like were people back in, what is this?

Like the turn of the century or something?

Were they going into their apothecary?

It's saying, I need a packet of scumbags.

I need a scumbag, please.

Right.

I need a scumbbag.

Oi, oi, get on your little ladder.

I see.

Have you any scumbags to lend?

To lend.

Yes.

I'll return them to you.

I know the very dear.

No.

Okay.

Controversy.

Okay.

All right.

Controversy.

This is number six.

This is episode 285, and a very controversial episode.

This is an episode called solo-bolo.

Controversial, really?

Controversial, because some people did not like it.

I thought people loved it.

Some people loved it, and enough people loved it.

It's number six on the countdown, which is a surprise to me.

That's pretty high up.

I thought, and you've taken off your sunglasses, by the way.

I can't bear it anymore.

Do I need to do it?

No.

Try it.

Hey, look, you're the one who's infirm.

So I'll try to do it.

I'll try to power through.

Power through.

I was, there's also, soldier, soldier through.

Until then you'll have to muddle through a soft heart.

Oh, oh, oh.

So take those goddamn sunglasses off your right face now.

Oh, we really saved it at the end.

We almost went off the rails.

Man, if a song doesn't rhyme, it's not a song.

No.

Poems, songs, must rhyme.

Raps.

Hahaha.

Solo-bolo.

What is the solo-bolo?

Let me explain this to the uninitiated.

No, everyone knows.

Yeah, how about this?

Pretend people don't know what a solo-bolo is.

Or a so-bo as we called it.

So-bo-bo-bo.

Ben Schwartz was on the show.

I believe we talk about this in the clips, but I'll try to encapsulate it in a very short manner.

I don't care.

Ben Schwartz was on a show and we have such a good time talking for the first 20 minutes or so just together before a character comes in that he said, you know, we really should try to do a whole show where we just talk to each other for an hour and 20 minutes and we'll call that a solo-bolo.

We decided to do it.

We did it.

We kept the balls up in the air for quite a long time and then we released it as a bonus episode or should I say a b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bonus episode and people loved it or hated it.

And I got a lot of messages saying, please don't ever do that ever again, which I thought that was a bit rude considering I don't have to put out bonus episodes.

No.

Or should I say b-b-b-bonus.

That is like, that's why Bob are saying that.

It's so crazy to me.

I don't get it.

I don't understand.

Don't let it do it.

Like you can turn it off so easily.

Yeah, but I do have to say some people are completists and like to hear every single episode.

Go to a doctor and have your fucking head examined.

What kind of doctor?

You shouldn't be.

I'm going to say.

No, wait.

Yeah.

You know what?

Yeah.

Open it up.

The problem might be super deep.

Yeah, the idea of writing to someone and saying, please don't do that again.

It's absurd to me.

I guess I should be encouraged if they said please.

That's true.

They were very polite about it.

But no, a lot of people loved it.

But it is a surprise to me that it is so high on the countdown.

Eclipsing such episodes as, you know, Victor and Tiny's podcast and stuff.

But people loved it.

So we're going to play a selection of clips from the solo solo.

And it's purely just Ben and I fucking around.

And some people enjoyed it because they said that it's me off the leash.

Do you feel like you're on a leash when you're on a show normally?

I'm constantly on a leash and I hate it.

You feel like, oh, I should really keep the show moving along and make sure everything makes sense.

Dollars and cents by Dear Boy.

That said, this is clip number six.

This is the solo bolo.

Last time Ben was on the show.

I'd like to say was our first episode back after the Christmas break.

Okay.

Ho, ho, ho.

That is Santa.

That's Santa.

Got it?

Well, I'm sorry I forgot you were Jewish.

That's fine.

He's the patriarch of Christmas, which is a holiday.

So he's our Hanukkahari who goes locks anyone.

That's him.

Is that true?

That is true.

So you have Ho, Ho, Ho, Merry Christmas.

You have locks anyone.

Anyway, all of that died down.

Meanwhile Ben Schwartz gets in his head, hey, I want to go on comedy bang bang.

I was the one who called you.

I'm sure it that's exactly how it is.

Okay.

So far this seems a little bit weird and you're like boop boop boop boop boop.

Scotty ox.

Get me on.

And I said, you know what, Ben, I'm on vacation, but I'm coming out of retirement for you.

Really?

Boom goes the dynamite.

I get in here.

I flip the switches.

I'm like, flip, flip, flip, flip.

The soundboard starts humming.

This is the funniest you've ever been.

Now you may be self-conscious.

Go go.

I get in here and I'm like, Benny Schwoz, get in here brother.

We class pants.

A friendship is for.

I pull you inside because you don't want to come in here.

You're like, it's not polite.

It's not polite.

I'm like, get in here.

You dirty scumbag bitch.

Scumbag bitch.

And you got in here.

You just said, is this my mic?

And I was like, Benny, you know which mic is yours.

Same, I used to say mic every time I thought.

I love that about you.

It's a solo boa.

Do you even know that or no?

I do.

I actually wondered for the solo boa if you were going to sit in your spot.

Because we always usually look at the other people.

Yeah, but instead we're kind of weird.

No, we're a face-off.

We're very close.

There's like not a lot of- That's why I can kick you.

Yeah.

You can kick me.

I like being close when we do it.

I can kiss you if I want to do.

Let's say by the end the gift to both of us would be a kiss.

Okay.

Let's just say like if we get to the end of this show.

If it's a successful solo boa.

Oh, but are you calling it a sobo now?

I want to throw in a nickname.

Is that fine?

Just the sobo?

We've barely established solo boa.

Bye.

Let's see what happens.

Okay.

So you've been on the show several times and many times.

Talk about your experience on the show.

What it's like to be on this show?

Yes, please.

What's wrong with this show is have you ever had to take a shit really bad?

I don't remember, but I'm assuming if I'm a human being yes.

Okay.

So let's say for some reason you have, right?

It's like having to take a shit really bad and then to get on the toilet is like picking up this microphone and then to start this fucking solo boa.

It's like.

Do you think we can take any song?

This is what the challenge is.

We take any song and we put a fart in it and we see if neither one of us laughs.

Okay.

All right, let's try to do this.

And we do it together.

We sing it together.

Okay.

And we see if we put a song that we know.

Right.

And we see if we put the fart in the same place and then we see if we don't laugh.

Should we not look at each other?

No, I'm going to look down.

Okay.

I'm going to look in front of me.

This is the first time.

So when what song are we picking?

Ben and I, by the way, if you've never heard one of our shows before, we like to sing together.

We sing quite a bit.

We have wonderful voices and you love them.

We have, oh my God, dude, look how I signed this.

Maybe like a bunch of months ago.

Oh, solo ball.

Let's see.

I told you you can't.

I'm a solo ball ball.

No, you said it and I put it down.

No.

All right.

Ready?

The song we will sing is what's, what's a good, what's a good old one?

How about Duke's a hazard theme song?

Don't know it.

How does it go?

Good old boys.

That's all I know from now.

Well, that would have been terrible.

Why would you pick something you don't know?

Mmm.

That's a good point.

I don't know a lot of lyrics to a lot of songs.

But about, it's a rare condition.

This thing age.

I don't even know what that's from reading the good news and a family matters.

Probably.

How about from hair?

No.

Manchester England England.

Here we go.

Manchester England.

England.

Across the Atlantic.

Shorty.

And I'm the genius.

Robust.

I'm a genius Roper.

What about this?

What about, oh, how about, I got it.

Pure imagination.

Willy Wonka.

Okay.

Ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding, ding.

Weird lyrics in this song.

Ding, ding, ding, ding.

I don't know if I know the ding, ding, ding.

Come with me and you'll see the world of pure imagination.

Da, da, nope.

And you'll see.

Well, you'll have.

If you want to view, it shall.

Oh, God.

Mr. Wonka.

Simply look around.

Can I stop you for a second, Mr. Wonka?

Yes, I'm sorry.

What's wrong?

I'm sorry.

Oh, I love working here.

You didn't see my chocolate factory.

How will do you, little boy?

I'm five years old.

Oh, good.

I am seeing your chocolate factory as far as I know I'm working within it.

Right.

Soon you'll be working deep within it.

Keep going.

What?

Okay.

This is very disturbing, but I feel like I'm being sexually harassed.

I can't even get to it.

With me.

Now this song is taking on a few creepy overtones.

But this isn't even why I came to see you.

Okay.

Tell me what it is.

I wanted to say beautiful singing.

Thank you.

I love everything about it.

Love the song, love the sentiment behind it.

Thank you.

And I wonder why you're constantly farting during it.

I'm sorry, I'm what?

Constantly farting.

I don't know if I'm farting.

Can you tell me if I'm farting?

I can end, in fact, to me.

Or say now when you hear a fart.

Because I never hear myself.

Alright, let's say it.

I would say that you...

Okay, go ahead.

If you want to view paradise.

Sim...

Yeah, can I stop you for a second?

I was pointing at you.

Not only that, but you stopped singing during your fart.

I don't think I did.

You quite honestly, yeah.

Everyone heard it.

Wanna do the world?

Right there.

It's happening right there.

Alright, what?

Okay, so what do you want me to do?

The umpas are concerned.

What are the umpas going to do?

They're one feet tall and seven feet wide.

It's not concerned for themselves.

They're concerned for your health.

Oh.

They're wondering if you have some sort of digestive problem.

Alright, I'm going to tell you something.

I haven't told anybody.

Oh my God.

This isn't going on the record anyway, right?

No, I'm a five year old boy, so...

I can keep a secret.

By the way, your grandpa's not around, right?

I don't believe so.

And you still sleep head to toe with him?

Oh, of course, yeah.

When his toes are in my nose, my nose is in his toes.

When his toes are in my nose and nose and nose and in my toes.

Talking toes, nose!

Toes and nose!

Okay, so you got up, swear to me you won't tell anybody about this.

Hey, you know what?

I swear on all of my dead relatives.

You swear on this penis.

Put your hand on this penis.

Okay, well this is highly irregular.

Put your hand on this penis.

Where did you get this penis?

Put your hand on it?

Okay, okay.

No, say I swear.

Wait a minute, is this your penis?

Okay, you did well.

Take your hand off.

I'm going to tell you something I've never told anybody before.

Okay, here we go.

I'm allergic to chocolate.

Oh my God, I thought so.

I'm allergic to chocolate.

When I eat chocolate, I get very gazzy.

It's not good.

I break out my eyes.

I'm going, why did you ever start a chocolate factory?

You always covet the thing that you don't want.

Oh yeah.

Think about it, like Jesus wanted full hands.

That was his big thing, but he always had holes in his.

Do you know what I mean?

Exactly.

Like Cookie Monster can't eat things.

You see it never goes in his mouth, so he always wants to eat cookies.

Yeah, because instead they just fall right out of his mouth.

Oh my gosh.

Do you understand what I'm trying to say?

This is fucking crazy here.

Okay, now I can ask you for one more favor.

Okay, sure.

I can't play the game down, down, up, up.

I played down, down, but not up, up.

No.

Okay, well, down, down, up, up is probably very similar.

Okay.

First, you gotta take off your pants.

Mmm.

And then you take down your shroomies.

Shroomie doo.

You gotta pull up your dang dang.

When you get a solo solo, you can expect all music, all farts and dickie jokes.

You have to do it.

You know what I've seen?

You know, I'm an intense Simpsons fan.

Intense.

Do you watch the Simpsons or did you use to when you were growing up?

Um, I...

Is that the show where they say dough?

Um, I don't know.

Like dough?

I don't know.

Like, one of the characters...

I see every episode I don't remember.

One of the characters gets mad and the guy goes, dough!

I don't remember anybody saying dough.

Hmm.

Wait a minute, little yellow boy.

I don't remember fucking troublemaker skating around.

Dennys the Menacee.

Two and around on a skateboard with a slingshot.

Ohhh.

Little girl with a saxophone.

Little girl with a fast fire.

Man, I want to see Maggie grow up.

Oh my god, don't you, man?

She's gonna be so fucking hot.

She's already smart.

She's gonna be like in a couple of years.

She's already like...

She's already got something going on with that hair.

And just that snuggie that she wears.

Oh my god.

She's gonna be so fucking hot.

Oh my god.

I'm gonna be like a little girl.

Oh, maybe call me a couple years before that just so I could prepare.

Ring, ring, ring, ring, ring, ring.

Sorry, Ben, I gotta pick up the phone.

Sorry, Ben.

I have to pick up the phone.

Oh, okay, of course.

I just need your verbal...

Of course, Denn, stop.

Pick up the phone.

All right, here we go.

Hello!

Hey, it's me, Maggie.

What the fuck?

Oh, is this a scot?

This is a scot?

Is this happening right now?

This is a scot.

I have to ask you something.

Oh my fucking...

I was listening to your live podcast.

Yeah.

And I wanted to know...

Yeah?

If you wanna come home with me tonight, I don't wanna come home with you.

Wait a minute, tell me what you would do to the Simpsons home?

Yeah, come to my Simpsons.

Come to me every, every time.

Oh my god, are you...

What would you do?

Would you come to the garage like my dad or would you come to the front door?

I hope that garage would open.

That probably would.

It would probably come right through there.

Yeah, what would you do?

Yeah.

Come right through that door.

I'd land on the couch.

Yeah.

Would there be a gag?

Would you do a gag?

Yeah, a gag.

You would gag.

We had the couch gag.

The couch gag you mad.

Yeah, would you go upstairs?

I'm gonna tell...

Tell Lisa to keep this half the fucking down.

Oh, man, I wanna couch gag me.

Yeah, I wanna couch gag me.

Okay, yeah.

Don't have a cow, by the way.

On the last person you have to do.

Everything's coming up in the house.

Number six.

Oh, number six.

Yep.

The solo bolo.

Now, is this the only solo bolo in comedy bang bang history?

That is the only solo bolo in comedy bang bang history.

I believe we may have a bro down, hoe down, coming up with another guest, but Ben made me promise that there would only be solo bolos with him.

And he, by the way, is angling for another one.

So there was never an occasion where you recorded a show with just one other person ever again?

Well, there, okay, there was...

Oh, really?

There was an instance in New York.

Okay, so it took place there and with whom did you record?

I believe that was you.

Yeah, I believe it was.

And yeah, go ahead, go ahead.

And...

Uh-huh.

Several guests dropped out.

Yep.

And you did a tour de force of three different characters, I believe.

A TDF.

And...

And myself.

And yourself, that's right.

And it was a great show.

Oh, thank you.

A treat for the live audience.

No, why haven't we heard that?

Because when we reached out to the person who recorded it, they sent a file and it had about 12 minutes of it and then it stopped.

I see.

And normally in that situation, an engineer would take a look at that and start it up and we'd say, hey, you know what?

We missed 20 seconds or so, but in the middle of it and we would explain that.

This person apparently did not look down at the computer ever again after pressing record.

Do you think they left the building?

I think they may have.

I don't know.

Went out to get a slice of a famous New York slice.

Oh, New York Beach.

The water makes it different.

Now, the way I found out that that happened was on Twitter.

I'm so sorry.

Was you responding to someone else?

I did not know.

And there was a reason why we didn't release those for so long is because that person who recorded those shows then took off for about a month and was out of the country.

And doing charity work a percent.

Oh, I hope so.

To atone for a sit.

Digging wells.

But all I got was a and the release date of these episodes kept approaching and we kept having to postpone it and postpone it because this person was like, I'm out of the country.

Whenever I get back, I'll let you know if the rest of that episode was recorded.

And then the day we had to release it was the day that he returned home and I found out on Twitter myself or I found out somewhere.

I found out via the email perhaps that that one was not going to be found and that everything was released.

So.

404.

404 system error.

File.

Not found.

Which is, you know, that's only happened a couple of times in a comedy bang bang history.

Another one was another live show that you did with Gail Simone.

Oh, yeah, that's right.

Remember that one?

Yeah.

I do remember the UCB theater in Los Angeles.

That one was also similarly not recorded.

And there, I feel like there was one other time where the first seven minutes weren't recorded or something.

But for the most part, the engineers that we work with are consummate professionals who know what they're doing.

And if there ever is a problem, we'll stop.

You mean on the road?

You will solve it.

Oh, no.

In here.

On the road, it's a little dicey.

Yeah, right.

When you get out, when you get out there in the wild world that catch the baby bang about.

It's a wild world.

Yeah, that's the one.

No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

It's hard to get by just upon a smile.

Oh, baby, baby, it's a wild world.

And I always remember you as a child.

What?

I was going to say with a smile.

No, he will always remember her as a child.

Oh, weirdo.

Yeah, weirdo alert.

That doesn't go off enough on this show.

Wait, does that track?

I was just going to say that should go in the sound effect.

Oh, kalaxen.

Do you think we can accept vocal sound effects?

I think so.

Why not?

Okay.

All right, so that's track 14, the kalaxen.

Well, then let's see if we can perfect track 11 right now.

All right.

That's it.

I've been waiting for it.

I did want to say, Paul, that Ben Schwartz has been clamoring for another solo solo solo and sent me two messages yesterday.

Let me play them.

Let's see.

Here we go.

Is this playing Sam?

No, you got to turn it up.

There we go.

Again, about the consummate professional is a freedom rock.

Yes, I remember those.

Here we go.

Sam too.

Give me a solo, the ball, the two.

One again, lost in the solo ball and solo ball.

And then he sent me this one as well.

Was that the entirety of the message, by the way?

Okay.

Here we go.

There's message number two.

Solo ballo, solo ballo, solo ballo, solo ballo, solo ballo, solo ballo, solo ballo.

No, that's a video game reference.

I believe that is some sort of, what?

And then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, and then, what is it?

Super Mario.

Because Mario wasn't good enough.

That's when he became Super Mario.

All right.

We have to go to a break.

Hold on.

Yeah.

I want a solo ballo then.

Why don't you and I do a solo ballo?

I mean, these are erstwhile solo ballos.

This is different though.

We have a job to do here.

That's true.

Yeah.

We're not just sitting here fucking around.

We can't do a solo ballo.

We can do a, not a bro down, hoe down either, because I think that's our other guest.

We'll have to come up with another turn for it.

Okay.

But that is one of the greatest regrets in my life that that New York show was lost.

You know what?

I think we came up with a turn for it there.

Oh, what was it?

Because we don't have the taste.

It's a polo-bo-lo or something, right?

That's right.

If you were there at that legendary New York show, and I believe only a good 800 people were there or something, please let us know what it was called.

Did you just delete that 12 minutes?

I don't know.

I'm sure we have it.

Well, probably the first 12 minutes is just you.

I think it's probably just me doing some of my classic jokes, classic warm-up.

Let's go to a break.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we will have episode number five on your countdown.

Fuck!

Comedy Bang Bang, we are back and the sunglasses are off.

Yeah.

How is your eyeball?

The gloves are off.

It's a little better.

As the show started, I mean, it's still bothering me a little bit.

But as the show started, I had tears streaming down my face and I was like, I don't want anyone to see me like this.

Now you are famous for being cold, emotionless.

Yes.

You keep it all inside.

I'm the data of Comedy Bang Bang.

Or a master Spock.

Was that a requirement of Star Trek?

Was that there would be some sort of emotionless person that's constantly learning lessons about emotions?

Yes.

That's how we learn, don't you see?

Was there one on Deep Space Nine and Voyager and what was the other Scott Bakula one?

Deep Space Nine, I think, had the Shape Shifter played by René Obosian.

Obosian.

Wow!

Be my guest.

Be my reference to the desk.

I'm a favorite Shifter.

I do not have the feelings.

It's a perfect song parody.

Perfect.

One could not improve upon that if they tried.

Nor should they try.

No, don't try it.

Buy it.

What about Voyager?

Did they have a cold, emotionless character?

Voyager they had.

And by the way, I think I've seen one episode of Voyager.

That's more than I've seen of Deep Space Nine or...

No, I've seen one of the Scott Bakula one, the pilot.

I've never seen that one.

I saw all of the original Star Trek.

All of Kidroach.

All of more generations Star Trek.

I saw a good part of the deepest of Space Nine's and then I saw zero of Scott Bakula presents Star Trek.

I did love how that show every episode started with Scott Bakula out in the wild and turning to camera saying hi.

I'm Scott Bakula.

We all love Star Trek.

It was part of the cold open.

Like they start their adventure and then he'd say, oh hello, are you here too?

Hi, I'm Scott Bakula.

Look, Star Trek is great.

We all agree.

So let's watch another one.

Excelsior!

Let's get on the Starship Excelsior and set a course for the stars.

Set a course for adventure.

Your mind on a new romance.

Star Trek.

Won't hurt anymore.

It's an open smile.

It's an open storm.

Star Trek.

It's Star Trek.

Presented by the Scott Bakula.

Star Trek.

I ran out.

You're me too.

We ran out the same time.

We're like an old married couple.

Ah, aren't we?

All right, let's get to our next clip on the countdown.

This is number five.

Number five.

All right, number five.

This is a running out of real estate here on the countdown.

We only have five episodes left here.

I know.

Well, counting this one?

Yes.

Number five?

Yes.

Let's count number five in the five that remain.

And we're still counting number five as five left because we haven't talked about it yet.

Now we have to talk about it.

Now we are talking about it.

Yes.

This is episode 304.

This is about three episodes after I broke off that new hundo.

I was kind of afraid you're going to say that again.

I don't know why it fills me with such disgust, but it really does.

This is an episode called Marissa Wampler's Six Flags Birthday Wampacular.

All shit.

And now if you don't know anything about comedy bang bang and you're listening to this for the first time, Marissa Wampler is a character that Jessica St. Clair does.

She has a similar.

She is a great comedian.

Let's just say comedian.

And she has a TV show called Playing House on the USA Network along with her.

Just pick up for a second season.

That's right.

Congratulations to them along with Lennon Parham, who also is on this episode playing Miss Lisler.

Marissa Wampler has been around for the five and a half years now that the show has been on.

I believe.

And she wrote the very first song.

She is music.

She writes the songs.

And she's been one of the characters that has recurred the most often in the bang bang of verse.

CB Boon of verse.

That's so gross.

CB Boon of verse.

She started out as I believe a 16 year old girl and she's aged in the five years about two years.

Maybe she's that much.

She started out 15 maybe in age to 17.

She keeps having her 17th birthday over and over again.

We need to talk about that.

But she started out as my intern.

And she only shows up about once or twice a year for her intern duties.

She is a very interesting character.

We've developed her and been with her for now five years and heard a lot about her life.

She has a stepdad Seth.

Her mother and her don't get along.

And Miss Lisler is her teacher at a special school who used to fight in the Iraq war.

Yes.

Was a sniper and a sharpshooter.

That's right.

And they have a very special relationship, almost a surrogate mother-daughter relationship.

And I think it's unhealthy.

It is a very unhealthy relationship.

And Wampler celebrates her birthday in a live remote podcast for the past couple of years or has been doing that for the last couple of years.

The first year we did it was last year where she was at the pool at her condo.

And this year she said she wanted to do it at Six Flags.

And so we hosted a live remote at Six Flags.

And she invited a lot of her friends as well as Reardon.

Tracy Reardon came.

A lot of her enemies she invited herself.

Yes, she invited Tracy Reardon.

They had been sparring or spatting or feuding perhaps over Twitter recently.

And so she got an invite.

But the background that you need to know basically is just that in the previous appearances that Wampler and Reardon had, her boyfriend's gutter balls, Eric Gutterman, had cheated on Marissa Wampler with Danielle Bartiromo.

Her arch enemy.

And then Wampler started spreading a rumor that Danielle was dead.

And so she is presumed dead at this point.

Yes.

So what you're about to hear is a little bit of the Six Flags birthday Wamptacular.

And you're not going to hear, I believe the, I don't, I believe a new character was debuted.

I don't think we're going to hear any bit of him, but a new character Dabney was.

Oh, oh my God.

I forgot about Dabney.

Dabney, we're not really interested in that.

We're not going to hear any of Dabney in this clip.

Maybe, maybe we will.

Maybe I'll put in some Dabney.

Any personal favorite of mine.

Okay.

Well, all right.

We'll put in some Dabney.

Yes.

So this is a wampler, Reardon, Lislur, Gutter balls, Seth, and then some surprising people show up.

This is Marissa Wampler's Six Flags birthday Wamptacular number five on the countdown.

Number five.

My name is Scott Ockermann and it's great to do these live broadcasts once a year on your birthday.

Next year we did it from your condo.

Yes.

That one took a real turn.

That took a nasty turn at the end.

Took a nasty turn, but you know what?

Not this year.

Nope.

This year, everything is great.

We have secured the DJ booth here.

We're perched above the log flume, but nothing can go wrong, I'm certain.

No.

Because Seth, your stepfather and I spent this morning, a long period this morning, just taking a ratchet and a wrench to these secured fasteners.

Is my clear to step in here at this point?

Hey, Seth, you mentioned my name.

So is this as far as the show goes?

Can I come on it?

Yeah, but it's not.

It's not.

You don't have a free for all the hop on the mic.

I haven't realized sweetheart.

This is your special.

Say you're hello and then get behind the fried dough machine.

Well, but all right, buddy.

You're fine.

Just say it.

You're boss who doesn't pay you for one thing.

Well, it's an internship.

So yeah, but she's been doing it for years.

Yeah, but what it's done for a month.

She's been doing it one day a year for years.

Well, still the years they're accumulating.

They are accumulating, yes, but the days are not.

Like two weeks, right?

Sam's.

If I could just say real fast, despite the fact that I was able to cobble together over 12 groupons for this, this Six Flags birthday jam is pretty expensive.

So, okay, but let's get real.

Let's get real, Seth, that things got the price really dropped because last week, several deaths here.

That's right.

Yeah, that's right.

The scalp ripped off on the scrambler and that is a bad name for a ride as well.

Yeah, the scrambler.

Especially what something that rips off the scalp of someone and it shows exposed brains that would then be scrambled.

They should have called it the scalper.

Let's have that be the last.

First of all, Lisler is one 18th Native American.

So I'm surprised she didn't jump in there and get real pissed.

Oh, it's fine.

I know how to take a scalp off with one single blade.

All right.

I need a whole ride to do it.

You don't need a secondary blade?

I was impressed by the ride, to be honest, because to be able to pull it off vertically is really impressive.

Well, you've got to take a lot of inertia.

When the scalp comes off, does the hair come off as well?

No, it rips off the whole epidermal layer of the skulls ripped off.

Okay.

And so you're just exposed to brain and still...

All right, let me know.

You don't need to get into this.

Well, that's what I had to...

I bargained down a little bit because I said most of your friends are pretty little.

Pretty long trellis people coming in here, and I didn't want any kind of mishaps.

So they gave us a little sweet discount.

Yeah, they gave us a little bit of a discount.

Thank you to our host, Seth.

You, of course, have come in for everyone to be here, including myself.

Thank you so much.

I appreciate that.

I did not know that, but...

You paid for the booth.

I didn't know about that.

You paid for all of my trips to Home Depot to get all of the materials in order to...

He paid for the old, tiny photo you and I took Chalk Talk.

That's right.

Where I was...

You know, whore.

And you had sort of a hoop skirt that made your butt look even bigger.

Yeah.

Sweetheart, I'd like to get one with you where we're just a father and daughter.

Gross.

All right.

Gross.

All right.

And I had a bunch of saxagull to remember that.

I was just like, where did I find this?

Yeah.

And they had a little dollar signs on it, and then one had a scent sign.

Yeah.

And it was filled with pennies.

Yeah.

In any case...

Oh, hey, here comes another flume, Lisler.

Got it.

Okay, got it.

I'm surprised they can hear her.

Such a small sound, but somehow...

No, they don't need to hear me.

They just...

You know, it's when my clip makes a huge noise.

Oh, I didn't see that you're wearing that skirt that you are.

Yes, now it is hanging out on the slightly.

It's a skirt.

It's a skirt, but it has all the cut inside of it.

The air and the mist sweeps up like I'm on the Scottish moor.

Yeah.

And gives everyone a good visual.

Essentially, what you're doing is queefing in their face as they hit the...

It's a reverse-queef.

The wear is sucked in if we...

You know, after you have a child, even many moons later, everything is a little looser.

Air moves freely as it chooses.

It's much like a prolapsed anus.

Is it?

It is.

I've had that experience that a few times.

Is this...

A few times.

Yeah, the first time you push too hard and you loosen up that whole system, it's hard to get it back on track.

Wait, is it prolapsed anus when your anus comes out of your butt?

It's where your whole...

Your whole...

You and our bathroom?

Why do you think I wear such roomy drawers when I'm walking around the house?

I need to come around the room in case that thing's flopping around.

I don't understand, honestly, how you ever got anyone to have sex with you.

Uh, well...

Oh.

That's a good song.

It's a circle of life, isn't it?

It is.

Prolapse anuses.

Recurring.

Engorged clitorises that look like beams.

One day you'll know that sweet, sweet feeling.

You see, honey, you're 17 now.

So these mysteries of life will become more apparent.

I'd rather they just stay in the dark.

We got gutters.

Oh yeah, hey, Eric, we're getting this out.

Hey, hey, hey guys.

We're getting this out.

Yeah, how are those levels looking?

Pretty good.

I think everybody sounds pretty good.

I had to lower them at the beginning because you were maxing them out.

I'm always maxing it out.

I'm maxing you out.

You're getting it in the red.

Wait a minute.

Are you guys...

I didn't get it in your red.

Are you guys back together?

We're back together.

I'll let Morris describe it.

Okay, we are...

Why?

Why won't you?

I want her...

I'll happily will, but it's her birthday and she likes to tell the stories.

I'm more of the spice and the dish.

You know?

She's the meat and potatoes of it.

Yeah, you're my little human.

Anyway, what happened was...

This is really a sweet story.

Danielle Bauteromo died.

RIP.

RIP, right?

She was the love of my life.

She was.

And she died.

I mean, there's a lot of rumors.

A lot of people say it's exploded in her face and you know...

Well, that's mostly you, Morris.

Well, they just got too full or...

They got too full of...

It's like a water balloon when you fill it up too much.

You know what?

I know you would like to continue to talk about this dead girl's tits, but I'm not going to do that on my birthday, okay?

Scott, that's not what I'm into.

Scott, I'm into live girls.

Okay, fine.

I can tell you Scott, Scott, that hurt your first hand experience.

Hey!

Did I touch that hand?

I can give you a high five.

No!

There we go.

No more high fives about Danielle's dead tips.

No, let me pass the funeral over here.

Okay, now by the transitive properties of Mathematics, Scott, you have now felt up Danielle.

Yeah, anyway.

We're Eskimo brothers here.

Guys, she's down at the door now.

So, um, Gutters was real broken up about it.

I feel like a whole journal in like two days.

Yeah, and I actually, you know, I reached out to you.

I'd love to hear one.

One of my poems, oh I didn't bring the journal, otherwise I would happily read.

But certainly you remember the content of at least one of them.

You want me to read an entire poem from the memory?

Oh, we're aside from memory.

It's not a limerick, it's not that easy.

Look.

Well, most of them were about our books.

I would say limericks are the most difficult of poems.

Yeah, the rhyming scheme.

Oh yeah, very difficult to.

A published poet, you know that, right?

Really?

Where were you published?

I was published in Palestine.

In Farsi, is that what?

Yes.

Interesting.

In Farsi.

It translated.

So, it was a...

You wrote it in Farsi and yet the...

In Palestine is where it was published.

Yeah, it's a really interesting story.

But hey, I'm...

Yeah.

In any case, let's hear that poem.

Listen, let's not...

I don't think today is about Danielle.

Today is about the future, okay?

And what happened was...

Two beautiful gloves.

Okay, that's enough.

That's enough.

Two beautiful nights.

Two?

I thought you only had sex with her once.

I only had sex with her once, but we did mouth stuff on another night.

When?

Another night?

In the pomp room in my community pool.

That doesn't matter.

No, it does matter.

I thought we had no seats.

I thought we don't...

We don't...

If you've read this poem already, you would know.

I don't know.

Read the poem.

I asked you to read all of the poems.

Oh, look who's here.

Look who's here.

Yeah, happy birthday.

Weird is here.

This is blowing my mind.

I bought you a present.

Oh, here's some new music for our guests here.

Be your guest.

Yes.

Thank you.

I will.

Hey, Tracy, Weird and...

Weird is.

Hold on, I want to hear it.

I can't.

Are we going to listen to this whole song?

It's up to you.

I never heard it.

What's it from?

Where's this movie Beauty and the Beast?

I'm out.

Yeah, I know.

I can't watch movies.

Why can't you watch movies?

She has her butt pierced and she can only sit for a half hour at a time.

Don't you do it.

I'm going to be friends when not seeing the movie.

Fine.

Weird and this is really special.

Tell me about the thought process that brought you to this party.

Well, here's what I was thinking.

I was like, what am I doing anyway?

Like, I never even invited to a party like with someone who was like, you better come.

I didn't say you better.

You better come.

I said, are you coming because I need to know how much fried dough to order.

Right.

You were like begging me on Twitter, like publicly.

No, I wasn't begging you.

I just asked you, are you coming because you did not RSVP.

Well, I took it as a bag and so here I am.

Sweetened it up, weirded, or I'm going to kick you out.

Sorry, sorry.

I bought you a present.

Okay, what is it?

Open it.

I'll tell you.

Okay.

But I wrapped it so I wouldn't tell you before you open it.

Okay.

You like it?

Unwrap it.

It's like gems.

I'm going to show some stuff.

Gems.

Oh, gems.

Gems.

I don't want to show.

I think I finally understand your speech impediment.

You gloom to your shirt and stuff.

This is gems.

Gems.

These are a vintage pair of jewels.

No, like jellies and gems?

No, no, no, no.

Like jewels.

Jewels.

Oh, like gems you could eat?

Diggles.

I'm trying to eat these, but they're very hard.

No, no, no.

You're going to hurt yourself.

Oh, okay.

So I like gloom to your shirt and stuff.

Oh my God.

I see now it's precious stone.

Precious gems.

Yeah, precious gems.

Oh my God.

Reardon.

This is very sweet of you.

Oh, you're welcome.

Did you get these from where you work?

Where is it again?

It's Clairs.

Yeah, I got it Clairs.

That's so sweet.

I got a discount because I work there, but it's so costly.

Reardon, again, you don't need to say something nice and then undercut it with something nasty, right?

Don't cost like a lot.

What kind of discount do you get there, Clairs?

Like 50%.

50%.

Yeah.

Why are you looking to buy an engagement ring?

Oh my God.

Who the fuck?

He's married.

Yeah, I'm married.

Come on guys.

Stop fighting over me.

This is getting embarrassing.

Oh my God.

This is an enjoy, okay.

I'm not wearing you wedding ring.

Yeah, what's going on?

Well, I mean, that's a story for another time, I think.

Tell us now.

I'd love to hear it now.

Well, I took it off one day when it was itching me and it just, something about having it on my finger just made me always like kind of play with it and it was kind of like itching like, oh, get this off my finger and then, I don't know, I just took it off and it feels really good.

I mean, it just, you feel the wind on your finger.

Was it like after you met me?

That like your fingers started itching?

I mean, I'm just asking.

Ritten, if he loves anyone, it's me, okay?

Guys, guys.

If he loves anybody under age, it's me.

Sweetheart, sweetheart.

Sweetheart.

Sweetheart, when we talk about, we said a positive thought is a positive day, right?

Give me some fried dough, you dick face.

Okay.

It's your day, but take it easy.

I'm sorry, Peter's face, give me some more fried dough.

Will, do you want some for your, your friend to me?

You're.

Ritten, do you want some dough or not?

I do, I really do.

Get her some fried dough.

Thanks, dad.

No mercy, you're in the red one.

Push.

You're in the red if you could come down just a little bit.

Yes, you can.

Yeah.

Let's learn I would love some fried dough as well.

I know that's on you.

Okay, well, the frittlet did, we did have it.

What have Bill is on you?

I understand we had an agreement, the kids come first, and if there's any dough left over for the adults, then we can have some.

So let's be an adult about this, Scott, and I'll get all piggy.

That's okay, but just get a little or nice and fried dough, and then we'll, oh.

Scott, you mean, you have a good point, I'll get you some dough.

Scott, do you have money?

Do I have money?

Yeah.

In what, do you mean generally?

Like, why are you asking for another man to buy you stuff?

Well, this, well, look, I mean, this whole party is on south.

I mean, we've talked about this, Marissa, exactly what happened with Seth, and, you know, I mean, Seth, I caught Seth.

Hold on, hold on.

Are you drinking it off?

Sweetheart.

What is this?

Some sort of Tom Cruise clause?

I can never talk about it.

Well, you're recording it, sweetheart.

What am I supposed to goddamn do about your, like, putting this out on the airway?

This is live, isn't it?

Already out there.

Is this live?

It's not live.

I kind of already talked about this on another show.

Geez.

Everybody knows.

You jerked off to a picture of yourself in a bathing suit.

Everyone's done it.

Okay?

It was a J. Crew bathing suit.

A nine inch, it was a higher cut.

I never seen my body in that fashion.

A certain angle of light.

Next thing I know, I'm discovering things about myself.

Am I a human being?

Yes.

Do I have feelings I need to express through my dick?

Yes.

That's what happened.

Penis.

Whoa, he's horny for himself.

I mean, I don't know.

I'd love to take this question to America, but I think that's- Let's get some calls.

You don't take some calls?

I love her people to call in.

You guys know the number.

Gutterballs here.

Yeah.

Gutter?

I'm all set up right here.

You guys just calling to the number.

All right, we're getting a call right now.

I'll plug it through.

All right, here we go.

Hi, you're on the air.

Hi.

Who's this?

Who are we speaking with?

This is Liz.

Oh, hey Liz.

Do you have a question for Seth or what?

Yeah, I do.

Why didn't you just jerk off while you were wearing the suit and look in the mirror?

Sweetheart, that would be physically impossible because what was attractive to me was- All them to me was that my bathing suit was encasing the penis, okay?

So it was like I was seeing- it's like I had a twin brother, not that I would jerk off to my twin brother, but if I saw my twin brother, I would say, oh, that's what I look like in a bathing suit.

Now we're having a dick out.

If you had a twin with Stan Stale and Pretendy was a picture, would you jerk off to him?

Liz, where is this going?

I'm just wondering.

Liz, what's the end game here?

Liz, where are you calling from?

Valencia.

That's where we are right now.

Where are you?

In the log ride.

She's going to picture us.

I got it.

Raise your hand.

Raise your hand, Liz.

Oh my gosh.

That's an outfit.

All right, let's hang up.

Hang up.

Okay, goodbye.

I got a pic of her, so if you want to use it later to do it.

Yeah, Liz, if he send me that pic, she's having cute.

Oh my goodness.

Listen, as long as Danielle is still dead, then everything's going to be fine.

Why would you even have to have to have that?

Why would you even have to see?

Excuse me.

Are those your tiny boobs or do they have dipping dots here?

Holy shit.

Danielle, why the hell were you telling everyone I was dead?

God, there's a ghost in here.

Danielle.

I'm not a freaking ghost.

And what was with that Facebook page memorial?

Danielle, what are you doing here?

Let's make sure she's not a ghost.

Let's touch her.

Okay, everyone touch her.

Everyone get away from me.

I'm not touching her tic.

This is a ghost, okay guys?

I'm not a ghost.

Guys, we've all seen a Christmas story.

I'm not the one where Scrooge McDuck is in it.

No, that's a Christmas Carol.

We've been telling you, friends.

She is not dead.

No, she's dead, all right.

You're a ghost.

Get out of here.

She's right there.

No, she's crying.

Clarissa.

What do you want?

You want to show me Christmas's past?

I'm ready.

She's not a ghost, Marissa.

The only way to find out is to touch her again.

Guys, stop touching her.

All right, that's my part.

It's real.

Guys.

That's real.

You just keep saying that part's real.

A ghost could wear some prosthetics and trick us.

The only way to find out.

Ghost?

How did you wake up from the dead?

Did you find true love's kiss?

I haven't been dead.

I've been very much alive.

I've just been really busy.

What are you doing?

Too busy to go to school, young lady?

I'm doing an independent study online so I can concentrate on my et c business.

What is your et c business?

Danielle's tits tats.

Tits tats?

Tattoos for tits?

Tattoos for tits.

Are they temporary?

They're temporary.

Danielle's temporary tits for tits.

DTTT.

Yes.

Do you have any?

If you incorporated toe tattoos, you could be tat toe.

Hey.

I have a good idea, but they're mainly for tits.

Do you have any tats that look like a baby?

I'll do a side business.

Yeah, why not?

Why?

I'm talking to her.

Guys.

Very well and...

Hold on.

The last time we heard about Danielle here, we heard she died because you, Wampler, found her hair extensions in the shower at school.

Yes, and there had been a struggle.

And what way did it look like they're in the shower?

There was an overturned car which can full of a bunch of used maxi pads and then a couple of her hair extensions.

And I had assumed that she'd been killed and dismembered in that shower.

The blood was probably from the maxi.

Ah!

You're right.

Kimmy, Katie, and I were, we were just rehearsing our dance squad routine in the shower as we do and...

Wait a minute.

Talk sports?

You know what?

Nobody wants to know about it.

Again.

All right, Danielle.

So you're alive.

Get going.

Okay.

Wait, wait, wait.

And Carissa.

Wait a second.

Danielle, you're still wearing the promise ring I gave you.

Of course.

Even though I'm constricting my business, it doesn't mean that we're not still promised to each other.

Is it a promise ring when you're not supposed to have sex until you get married?

It's a promise.

We only did it once in some oral.

Yep.

You're nice for whatever.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

I am not going to have my birthday ruined by you again.

Okay.

So Kareem will take you back in the shuttle and bring you back to wherever the hell you came from.

Okay.

Ghost lady.

Six Flags is a free country.

I can stay here if I want.

Seth.

We are.

Six Flags actually is an indepitination.

Seth, I thought you landed this whole thing out.

I did, radar, but I can't.

If we didn't invite her, she just happens to be here at the kingdom of Six Flags.

I can't kick her out.

I won't.

I won't give her any dough.

Who's this?

You're not getting any dough.

Who's in charge of Six Flags?

You're a king or a queen that I just made.

I think I can help this for a second.

You're freaking out.

I've got the mics.

The levels are all set.

I'll take Danielle and we'll go and we'll take her away right now.

No, no, no.

You guys should figure this out.

She and I should just talk.

No, no, no, no.

You're standing right.

No, no, no.

Tell you what, tell you what, guys, we do need to take a break.

When we come back, we'll sort out this whole Danielle situation.

I mean, this is a fascinating story.

I don't know why you would allow yourself to.

Well, I mean, we'll figure out the whole thing when we get back.

Is this for Pocahontas?

Yes.

Sorry, I was.

Lister, why would you make this more romantic?

I asked Lister to play this for Marissa.

Marissa, I mean, I'm sorry.

Danielle.

What the fuck?

Wait a second.

Did you just call me Marissa?

No, I'm sorry.

No, I thought you were going to propose marriage to me.

I was not.

Here atop this log flume in the kingdom of Six Flags and instead, you just got my name wrong.

I am so sorry, Marissa.

What I meant to say was Danielle.

Protect me so I am not saying that.

Today in this kingdom, I have found you again and you are Pocahontas and I am the gambler.

Do you have the gambler, by the way, Lisler?

I'll look around in some Rogers.

When I saw that you were still wearing that ring, it was like the last however many months just didn't exist.

I have no idea why I'm being forced to watch this.

It's because you're Balak.

Shut the fuck up, Kitty Wong.

It's Kimmy.

Okay, everybody.

This is Daphne.

I brought Daphne up.

He's the character artist.

She's going to do some stuff.

Not now, Seth.

No.

Matt, Tuck, Daphne, I'm sorry.

Can you come back and tour?

I want it.

What are your hobbies?

Daphne.

Are you in place, Zachar?

God damn it.

Daphne is very good.

Who is this moron?

Hey, I'm the character artist.

He's very good.

Yeah, you guys, you're the round one.

What's your hobby?

Hey.

It's her birthday, Seth.

It's her birthday.

Okay, what do you need to know about me?

My aerials are the size of dinner plates.

I'm covered in hair.

I'm shaped like an upside down muffin slash pyramid.

What else?

What do you think?

I got something here.

That looks like a Tamagotchi.

What do you mean?

That's very exact.

It's pretty accurate.

This is terrible.

Do one of Danielle now.

Oh yeah, what are your hobbies?

You know what?

I'll just do one of you.

I think I know exactly what to exaggerate.

And here we go.

That's amazing.

That looks just like me.

You know what?

Do you mind if I photocopy this and keep one for Michelle?

This looks like a sports illustrative swimsuit catalog model.

It's a good idea.

Let me put sports eel-estraded up here.

Shut up, dad.

Whoa, that's a lucky character.

Where are you from?

Daphne, where do you?

Where do you hail from?

I've lived in every one of the 50 states.

You sound like Homer Simpson's weird brother.

Accent is very difficult to play.

You pick up a different dialect.

And every one of the states one lives in.

Whoa, okay.

Also, Daphne, do you have a skin disorder?

Of course.

Because you look like, you know...

That's how I get into your character, you dream?

You look like a web tile.

Yes, a web tile, of course.

Well, guys, this is good.

You married?

Yeah, what's that?

This is a sad, sad story.

It's not every bit of a problem.

Oh my goodness.

Well, one day I was there with my wife of 25 years.

Let's go over back.

I'll be with you guys.

We're going to go over your own.

I was in the bathroom.

And all of a sudden I thought I heard something, I heard an intruder.

You know what?

And I took my caricature pin and I rushed out of the bathroom and I stabbed and death my own wife in sort of an awesome...

Why does it sound like...

It's like somebody's eating peanut butter somewhere.

That's a sad, sad, sad...

Did you stab her by accident?

What?

I stabbed my own wife by accident with my Keurig tears.

Dabbie!

No, but he cares.

What I do is...

Wait, I care!

He's a stupid thing.

He's a stab, he's a fried dough and it scored him out of the park.

So you're going to give him a hefty leave?

Alright, damn it.

I'm going to pay you a fried dough, is that alright?

I would expect nothing other.

Alright.

I'm a good business man.

I didn't even get one.

That's like my whole funny idea.

Oh, Dabbie, can you come back up here?

The girl with the robot face needs a drawing.

I met you a bicking keel, am I afraid?

What?

I met you a bicking keel.

What?

Do you have any...

Is that Canadian?

Do you have any hobbies you look like you like ice cream?

I look at ice cream store.

Yeah.

Here you go.

What?

Oh, I like these as ice cream.

How old are you?

The first is Pim in the West.

How old are you?

I've named you seven years young.

Guys, really?

Really?

Really good.

When I wind up dead, I want you to go to Dabbie's house because that there's something wrong with the guy.

You only phoned it in on mine.

Well, you're holding a phone.

I assume that's when you're T.R.T.

You're asking about this.

And a nice green cone with seven scoops.

Oh, you know what?

What a hell.

Dabbie, breathe real fast before you go.

You said, could you draw me, but here...

And we pull it up on my phone.

Don't show your age.

No, it's not.

Don't show your age.

Wait, wait, wait.

In this bathing suit?

You see this bathing suit from the J-crew catalog.

It's from J-crew catalog.

I know it well.

Here you go.

Thank you so much.

One more second.

He drew you a choking up here.

I'm sorry.

No, it's got...

Did you want to talk to Dabbie at all?

Oh, I would love to talk to you.

Hey, Dabbie, do you mind if I get...

Where...

What are your hobbies, young Merritt?

Oh, thank you, young men.

Well, I guess everyone's young compared to you, 97 years old.

I guess my hobbies are just living life and having a ball and getting out there and attracting seven...

Shh.

Who's that?

I'm hockshoeing you.

Oh my goodness.

You're so boring.

You're like...

You're a little bit beering, so I'm afraid I have to go.

All right.

Goodbye, everyone.

Goodbye, Dabbie.

I just jumped into the lawns and took off.

Whoo!

What a real treat.

That's the best one.

Oh, you're right.

Is that how he...

What a rare and unusual character that was.

Number five.

Yes.

That was...

Yeah, we ended that with some dabs.

Do you know what?

Let me...

I meant to text you and tell you how much I enjoyed Dabbie.

That's...

So you're doing it now?

Yeah, that's...

I apologize for not doing it before.

Well, you know, it's something you started doing.

I remember you talking to Colin Hanks and saying...

He was saying...

Yeah, he appreciated that you texted him and said how much you enjoyed.

Fargo.

And you said...

Fargo, fuck yourself.

Yeah, I heard you.

I'm wearing headphones.

You said I feel it's important, you know, if you...

Because so often we don't tell each other that we enjoy each other's words.

Yeah, we just assume that everyone is either watching or listening or not watching or not listening.

Yes.

And so that was a nice thing that you did.

I don't believe I've received any texts like that.

You're just switching through your texts?

Yeah, I don't know that I've ever...

Well, Paul...

I mean, I have from other people, yes, certainly...

Paul, you have to admit that the Fusion app on the Apple TV was just...

It's released.

True.

No, you shut up.

Yeah.

Has not been into my eyeballs.

Now, you have to admit that we posted episodes online where you didn't have to have Fusion or the Fusion app on Apple TV.

I don't watch anything online.

I like to leave a cold trail.

I apologize.

From the terrorists.

I apologize.

I don't like any record.

I apologize.

I also forgot that's the only thing I've ever done.

Paul, I've said...

Oh, come on.

Why are you being a stinker?

This is playing out exactly as I hope you were.

All right, I'll start sending you texts about everything.

I still have to watch Bojack Horseman do.

My wife is in that and I didn't even watch that.

I just like texts.

All right.

I just like getting texts.

You and I have texted a bit.

We have texted a bit.

Do you remember?

I was going through...

Oh, I got a text here.

I enjoyed dabbling.

Thank you.

I was going through my eye photo library and I found...

We... we for a period of like...

I don't know if it was a couple days or over the course of a week.

We were sending pictures to each other.

They were pictures of us.

We were sending selfies about...

Oh, yes.

...with our eyes closed.

Well, do you know why?

Because you sent me the one picture by accident, right?

Yes, I used to send videos as texts.

Yes.

Because it was just more personal of just me staring at the camera and saying, hey, Paul, I wanted to tell you that I'll be there at 11.15 or whatever.

Yeah, or I enjoy your work.

So then I thought I had taken a video, but it was on just camera.

So I just taken a still photo with my eyes closed.

And then I sent it to you thinking it was a video not knowing that you did not receive the content of the text.

Right.

And then you sent me back an identical picture of you with your eyes closed in a different location.

So then for a couple of weeks, we just sent pictures of each other with our eyes closed in different places.

And it became almost like a game to try to find the best background.

Yes.

I think I was at a miniature golf place at one point and I was in front of a windmill.

Yes.

And it...

Ah, that must have been quite a while ago.

It was a couple years ago, I think.

But I still have all those pictures.

Right.

I'll post them on Tumblr.

Okay.

I would have to see.

Yeah.

It's a fun photo set.

It's a fun...

What are we talking about?

Who gives a fuck?

Yeah, that's true.

Have we got all the droo?

Oh, that's right.

Let me just say about that previous episode, we did...

Starring Demi Moore.

We did...

We did figure out what happened with Danielle, Danielle and Gutterballs.

And...

It's Danielle.

Danielle.

There you go.

And there was a surprising guest Don DeMello.

Oh, along with a little three-year-old girl.

Oh, that's right.

Yeah.

So go back and listen to that episode.

Yeah.

Do that.

Go back and listen to that.

Do that.

And Dabney.

Boy, hot new character.

I hope he comes back.

Number one with a ball.

I really hope he comes back.

I thought in his background, he's lived in every single one with the 50 states.

So that's why his accent is so inconsistent.

Ah!

It's very interesting.

He's an interesting guy.

Yeah.

And a very quick drawer.

Yeah, that's right.

All right, let's go to a break.

We will have your episode number four.

Comedy Bang.

Comedy Blah.

Oh, hell.

Yeah.

Comedy Blah.

We're back.

Oh, hell.

Hell.

We're back here, Paul of Tompkins, of course.

Hi.

And Scott Ockerman and we are about to go into the next number on our countdown.

This is exciting.

Is it not?

I mean, we're in the thick of it here.

I'm excited.

Top four is just a minute.

I'm excited.

I think I just said.

I'm excited.

All right, let's get to it.

This is number four.

Number four.

All right.

Number four on the countdown.

We don't have too many left.

It could be.

We got four left.

Four left.

So out of all of the episodes, this one was number four.

It must be pretty good.

I think so.

I mean, four left, four, four.

That's interesting.

Four.

That's a jolly good fellow.

Four.

He's a jolly good fellow.

Four.

He's a jolly good fellow.

Which nobody can deny.

That's a jolly good fellow.

This is episode 286.

This is an episode called Time Bobby Three.

Oh, motherfucker.

Now, Scott, correct me if I'm wrong, but the original Time Bobby.

Correct you.

Oh, God.

Wasn't it picked by Slate magazine, no less, as one of the 25 greatest podcast episodes of all time?

Of all time, which when you think about how long podcasts have been around about eight years?

Yeah.

But I mean, that's incredible.

And episode of Serial was on there.

Yeah.

That's like, come on.

All time?

Or do we just like it now?

No episodes of the Pot F Tomcast.

I know.

Come on.

Did you ever listen to that?

You know what?

I was on one.

You were on one.

We had a good time.

We did.

Yeah, that's right.

Slate did, it was pretty low on their, their, their, their countdown, I think, but lower than I would have put it, but this was very nice of them to put us on there.

And yeah, that was, that was the only episode of Comedy Bang Bang that was recognized.

And it was the original Time Bobby, one of my favorite episodes of all time.

Mine as well.

Now the first Time Bobby two years ago was voted number one on the podcast.

That's right.

It was.

Number one on the countdown.

And the sequel Time Bobby Two was voted number one last year.

Number one on the podcast last year.

And then this year, number four.

Mm.

I have to say, I believe the quality of it was better than Time Bobby Two.

Really?

I do.

I like, I like Time Bobby Three better than Time Bobby Two.

Time Bobby Three had a lot going on and I'm hard pressed to remember a lot of the details.

Well, I listened to it recently, but there was some looping going on.

Some Reggie Watts style looping.

No, more like hit record Joe style looping.

Um, because I believe four of all comes back.

Yes.

He's an old man at first.

Basically what happens is, uh, I don't want to spoil it because we're about to do it.

I do.

But, uh, I want to spoil it.

In Time Bobby One and Time Bobby, well, I believe in Time Bobby Two, we established who is fourable.

We should just first say that four.

Fourable is a tiny, stabby orphan.

Tiny little orphan who wandered into the studio one day.

Yeah.

I was talking with Andrew Lloyd Webber and he wandered into the studio and then that happened once again in Time Bobby Two.

In Time Bobby Two, we, uh, found out that he has a brother, Fry vault, who guards his French fries in a fry, in a fry vault in the titular fry vault.

No, I thought you had the fry vault.

I did.

His name is just Fry vault.

Yes, that's true.

But I was guarding my own fries in the fry vault.

That's right.

But I believe that we killed Fry vault maybe at the end of Time Bobby Two.

I don't recall.

Yeah.

Somebody died.

It's very convoluted.

Look, we're just fucking around here.

We can't remember these things, but we're about to hear a clip from Time Bobby Three where, uh, at the start of it, we, when we're going to hear a cross selection of things that happen in it, but, uh, I had been talking to.

Drozell?

I had been talking to Andrew Lloyd Webber for about 10 minutes at this point.

And then suddenly we got a very strange knock upon the door.

A wrap tap tapping?

At my chamber door to visit her and nothing more.

And we will hear that visitor now in your number four.

Number four.

But welcome, welcome back to the show.

And you, uh, you know, it's, uh, it's been so many years we've been doing the show.

We just have been many, many years.

We've just celebrated our fifth anniversary doing the show.

Oh, yeah.

Congratulations.

I think so.

And, uh, how did you celebrate by the way?

Well, we had a, stop knocking on the table.

I'm not knocking on the table.

Why, it's why would I do not on a table?

I'm certainly not knocking on the table.

Well, then engineer Cody, would you hello?

Do you hear that?

Are you all right, Cody?

Hello.

Is it this fellow?

No.

Wait, Cody, how are you saying hello without your lips?

Hello.

I feel as if there is a presence in this room.

You know what I'm going to do?

I'm going to look to my left and then I'm going to look to my right splendid idea.

I shall do the same.

I'm also, you know what?

The hell with it?

I'm going to throw in looking up as well.

All right.

I say, yes, I look down.

So all bases are covered.

Oh, I'm going to look behind me as I'm behind myself.

I'm going to laugh about that one.

So I'm going to do all of those and.

Shall I do them concurrently or would you like to make my turn?

You do them concurrently with me and then also add looking down, which I think is a waste of time.

So I'm not going to join you in that.

Well, I'm a gentleman of leisure now, so I have the time.

OK, well, shall we begin by looking to the left?

Yes.

All right, here we go.

Oh, my left are your left.

Ooh, we are facing each other.

Camera left.

That's always the opposite.

I'm sorry, stage left.

Ooh, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, where the, down stage up to, okay, up stage is because the stage is, down stage.

Down stage up to, right.

All around the town.

OK.

Yes, another vocal warm-up.

That's right.

We don't have time for that.

All right, let's look stage left.

Here we go.

And.

Hmm.

What was that sound effect?

I don't know.

Is the great kazoo appearing?

Nothing there.

I think, I think stage left.

Although I do hear that noise.

I gained heard a distinct hello.

Yeah, a greeting of some sort.

Hello.

There it is again.

Nothing to the left though.

Nothing to the left.

Shall we look?

Stage right.

Let us then look stage right.

Oh.

Hello.

Nothing.

I did hear that.

Hello again.

Well, but it's not to the right or the left.

What do we do now?

Up or behind ourselves?

Let's look up.

OK, here we go.

And.

Nothing, heavenward.

Oh, some florence.

Just the ceiling.

Yes, we.

Nothing unexpected, I should say.

That's true.

I did see some.

It's not the surprise that florence lights are there.

I saw four fluorescent lights.

I wanted to report back.

Right, it is well.

Thank you.

Just to make sure we're some part of going on stage.

So, I'm going to say, I'm going to draw the listener.

Enjoy is being included.

All right, let's look behind us now because this is where I believe we're going to be seeing the source of this noise behind us.

I say, yes.

How if I were to look behind you and you look behind me?

Oh, OK, let's do that then.

All right.

I feel we'll have to move each other's heads to the side.

Yes, well, I think we can move our own heads to the side.

I would prefer if you moved my own adventures.

All right, here we go.

Here we go.

And.

Don't resist me.

Stop fighting.

Stop it.

I'm not.

I'm unaccustomed to having commoners move my head.

Nothing.

Well, I guess nothing's there.

Well, there's one direction we have not looked.

Now, you consider it a waste of time.

I will not look down.

Allow me to do so.

I think it's a waste of time.

I don't know why you would do that, but.

Are you as I please?

Oh, well.

And I please as I do.

But watch yourself.

Mm-hmm.

Hello.

What?

It's a lot of look.

Look where.

Look.

Look down where I'm looking.

That's a waste of time.

No, it's not.

I swear.

Really?

Yes.

Convince me.

Sell me on this.

Please, will you say hello one more time?

Hello.

A strange visitor.

Hello.

Do you see this grisled little gnarled?

No, I'm tiny man.

I'm not looking down.

Please.

Scortric.

I beg of you.

Look down.

I just wanted you to beg.

How dare you.

Mm-hmm.

Make a lord beg on the podcast.

Ha ha.

Where else would you beg?

Nowhere.

Alright.

Well, I'll look down then because- Ow!

Do you see this little, wizard creature?

What is that?

This little, this little man.

This little old man.

Excuse me.

With a, with a, we were talking about an old man with a white beard.

Before.

Yes.

We were talking about what you saw of Almighty God.

But, uh, this is- I am not God.

No one is God.

No one can be God.

Only God.

There can be no God but God.

Correct.

Yes.

You have a, you have a beard.

That's what I think I was trying to say.

You have a large white beard.

It's glorious beard.

It's glorious.

Lord Andrew, shall we just describe what we're seeing to the listener?

Yes, let's.

Also maybe say hi.

Oh, hello.

Hello little little old man.

Describe me.

I know I don't know you, you don't know me, but just, that was kind of rude.

Common, you are correct sir.

It's just kind of, kind of, kind of, kind of, kind of, I apologize.

You say hello to somebody.

Yes, I apologize on behalf of myself.

Don't call trick.

And her Majesty is a Queen of England.

Don't be a fucking asshole.

Okay, well there's no call for that kind of language.

We have all the data.

Well, that would be rude.

That's true.

Okay.

Hello.

As they said in the old country, hell and then oh.

Yes.

Which is the origin of that word.

There was a dash.

Correct.

Hello strange visitor.

Hello.

Now can we describe you as that?

Please do.

Okay.

Well, this vision is three feet tall.

Three feet tall.

That's being generous.

Three foot one.

Oh, I do a poll, three foot one.

Okay.

Three foot one, which is about 37 inches high.

And I'm not positive on that, but I just don't do math too good.

Uh huh.

And wearing sort of tattered clothes.

Yeah.

Clothes of rags and patches.

Mm hmm.

Like some sort of muffin made of rags.

What?

Like a muffin but made of rags.

Like a rag muffin kind of thing.

I believe you're misleading the listener to think this fellow is wearing a muffin.

Yeah, I'm not a muffin.

But he's a lot like a muffin.

He's a man.

He's not a muffin.

He's a man.

A little old man.

I will say I fucking love muffin.

Please put language.

Sorry.

Okay.

So we're all love muffins.

Let's describe this.

He loves muffins.

Yeah.

He's a muffin lover.

Mm hmm.

He's tiny.

Long as it isn't.

A beard as long as he is.

That's true.

It's about 37 inches long.

I'm 34 because it starts at his chin.

Sure.

Rather than his head.

But if you look all the way down to the ground it's about four inches that are dragging on the ground.

It's about 37.

The end of my beard is very dirty.

You're stooped.

Kale.

Elderly.

Wisened.

Face.

Line.

Kind of shaped like a question mark.

Kale one hands.

Your body is shaped like a question mark.

It's very interesting.

Well, a fat question mark.

But what's interesting is why is the period separated from the rest of the question mark?

How are you able to do that on your body?

It looks like your shoes are the period.

And then do you know what I'm saying?

I think if that is socks.

Oh, it's socks are the same color as the wall.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Well, hello strange visitor.

Hello to you.

It's time to be here.

You're very strange and you're visiting us.

Thanks.

Welcome to the show.

This is a show.

This is a podcast.

This is a show.

A show?

Yes, you're on a show.

When I was a kid on television you would see shows that I don't see.

I don't see it.

So I don't believe you.

When he was a kid he was saying he was just watching television shows.

You would see them.

Yes.

But he's not seeing this.

You're telling me this is a show and I don't see nothing.

Well, imagine we're on the other side of the television screen and also imagine this isn't our television.

That's black magic.

I don't know if I'm cool with that.

Exactly.

White science.

Yes, the very opposite of black magic.

Yes.

That I'm cool with.

Okay.

So, when you were a kid you used to watch television I'm guessing you look about 90 years old.

Yes, maybe Oscar.

Today is my 90th birthday.

Happy birthday to you.

Thank you.

We would sing Happy Birthday to you.

But we don't want to owe money to those two miserly croons, muted and petty heels.

They were my day to vote to those ladies.

I lost the day!

I'm insane.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

When?

My ex girlfriend.

1900.

Aha.

You were born in 1924.

Well, 90 years ago from today was when I was born.

Okay, 1924.

So, 1937.

When you were 13 years old.

Yeah, I dated both of them.

I say, what a precocious child.

Yeah, my goodness.

So, wait a minute.

You were 13 years old.

If I'm remembering correctly, Patty Hill was born in 1868.

1868, yeah.

Okay, everybody knows that.

So, wait a minute.

She would have been in her 60s when you were like this.

60s, yeah.

So, you're like, just on May, December, Romand.

Yeah, I've always liked the older ladies.

It's more like a January, December romance.

Yeah.

For February, the very minimum.

And the minimum.

No, no, no.

Perhaps, perhaps, February, November.

Yeah, or perhaps a little boy, have a text with an old lady.

Oh, yeah, that's a little more of an accurate script.

You're 13.

You're just a little boy.

Yeah.

I've always said, though, if there's grass on the field, play ball.

Yeah, I'm sure that it was correct.

I've always said, if you got a penis, you might as well have a text with a 60-year-old lady when it's time to do that.

You've always said that?

Since the day I was born 90 years ago, how long did you date Patty?

And then how did you date both of them?

And how long?

Three-part question.

How long did you date Patty?

How long did you date?

How did you date both Mildred?

Mildred, how did you date Mildred?

And how long did you date both of them?

Did you date both of them?

Yeah.

You see, I was living on the streets when I was a kid.

Rough and tumble sort of life.

Yeah.

Were you a regular muffin?

I was.

I was in a little camp.

An adorable little camp.

What were you?

An urchin, by any chance?

Yeah, yeah.

You would classify yourself as an urchin.

Correct.

I feel like I met a street urchin, not a sea urchin.

No.

It's an important distinction, yes.

Very much so.

But both of them, they must remain in their own element in order to survive.

If you throw a street urchin in the water, he'll die.

He cannot beg copper coin.

If he throws sea urchin on the street, he'll die.

Very quickly, yeah.

You were an urchin of the land.

Correct.

And I feel like we've met someone like that in a room.

Yes, we have.

I do like to think about it.

I can't recall who it was.

I've done too many of these shows.

I can't remember who it was.

It reminded me after the show.

Certainly.

In any case, three part question, go!

So, three parts will come up a little bit.

What is wrong?

Outside of your mouth?

I somehow threw out a pop out of my nose and it went in my mouth.

Oh my.

The worst experience I've ever had as a human being, I'm not gonna lie.

I didn't enjoy the experience of hearing about it.

Sorry, you had to say that I'm very old.

My body is falling apart.

Oh no, is it failing?

I've been on the streets for way too long.

How long have you been on the street?

Since I was a little baby boy.

How long has it been?

It's been about...

89.

89.5 years in this point.

So it's six months.

You cost out.

Well, at four months, the first two months I lived with a very nice man.

What was his...

Oh no, we don't need to hear about the nice man because we're in the middle of a three-part question.

Yes, exactly.

Are we even in the middle of it?

No, in fact, maybe it's...

I feel like we're just riding alongside at this point.

Yeah, let's jump into that sidecar of clarity.

Indeed.

And let's get into this way.

How long did you date, Patty?

I dated them until they died.

Yeah, well, of course they passed away.

If I were calling correctly, they passed away in 1946 on probably sometime in May, May 25th, I would have had it.

But I remember that day like it was yesterday.

I didn't remember the day that they died.

They died on the same day.

Well, I know Patty.

Mr. Cockrash.

No, it was not.

Suicide pack.

Cockrash.

No.

Stabby.

Yeah.

They both died of stabbing.

Interesting.

Wow.

Hmm.

I never heard that about...

I mean, I know a lot about Patty Hill.

It's not a lot about Mildred Hill.

Sure.

And together we're...

No, it's not a ball.

The guy's soon...

Oh, about the Hill system.

I can say the guys who knew a lot about the Hill system.

Yes.

That's the same way you say it, but you classed it up.

I don't like to...

Yes, I don't like to refer to us as guys.

What would you prefer?

Chaps.

Really?

Now, that seems low class to me.

Did it call you a chap or a bloke?

No, chap is very... is very proper.

Yeah, well, I guess that implies friendship.

It's more casual, yes.

What does chaps stand for?

I know it's short for something.

Constantly hearing airplanes park.

Great.

Because only the rich, you see, back in the old days...

I had access to airplanes.

...to airplanes.

Of course, nowadays it means you live close to an airport, which is actually the...

Isn't that funny?

Isn't it language?

I'm so sorry.

Like this whizzened old man.

Hey.

Oh, hello.

Watch him out, sir.

I'll come over there.

Oh, yes, and what will you do?

This guy.

This little femmer.

Well, he has two thumbs.

He can defend himself.

He's an English man.

I'm an Englishman.

The consistency of my thumbs is...

You never go at somebody...

You know, they're not packing.

Packing.

Packing for a...

We were just talking about airplanes.

He must mean that he was...

Are you going on a trip, old boy?

You might be going on a trip to heaven in a couple moments.

I don't think that's true.

He's obviously going to hell.

We were just talking about that before you walked in.

You're missing the larger point.

That was a threat.

You don't say.

This little old man just threatened my life.

This tiny, wisened old man with a beard as long as he threatened you, Lord Webber?

Yes.

Four inches of beard on the ground.

Dirty.

Dragging behind himself like a wedding train.

Yes.

Socks the same color as the wall.

How dare he?

Very hard, yeah.

Where I'm from, you call ahead, find out what color the wall is, and you change your socks.

Where I'm from, we're ruled by an old lady.

Where I'm from, you have sex with 60 year old women, and then you don't talk out of turn and you get sliced up.

Oh, that's what I'm saying.

I say.

Oh boy, this is not on.

We're not off to a good start.

I don't think we are either.

Look, all I know is I was walking down the street, I heard your voices, and I was like, I woke up outside of a time machine.

Okay, and I stood up and I said, I'm starring.

Hold up.

You did what now?

Did I start?

I don't mean to apply that you stuttered.

I just, it was a surprising bit of information.

I think my ears must be deceiving me, and I wish they would stop it.

Quite frankly.

It's court trick.

They are deceiving me, they are deceiving me as well, because I believe I heard the same thing that you heard.

If my ears are deceiving you, they are deceiving you as well?

Yes.

Okay.

Have a great day.

Yes.

So here's the situation that we're in.

Yes.

It's a Frye-Vault.

To review.

Frye-Vault were to ever burst upon the scene.

The scene is young.

Wouldn't it be crazy if he was here right now?

It would be crazy.

He is not though.

Wouldn't it be crazy if he was here the whole time?

It would be crazy if he dressed up like an old man to fool you guys, and he was just here the whole time.

It would be crazy of course, but that is not the situation you were talking about.

Gotcha.

Zeeep!

Hello.

Frye-Vault!

Yeah.

You look at me.

You remember you tried to kill me?

Hello.

That's vaguely familiar with me.

Oh yeah, vaguely familiar.

What's up, Andrew Lloyd Webber?

You forgot me.

I was a Sondheim fan.

You motherfucker.

No, this is Steven Sondheim, I think.

Oh, yes.

Shit.

Steven Sondheim.

Oh, no.

I'm not.

I'm not, I'm not Scott.

You're not?

Zeeep!

Hello.

Foolable.

Hello.

Why, you're just a little boy.

Where am I?

Who the hell are you?

You're here.

You're on earth.

Do you have a little boy?

I'm not.

I'm not Scott.

You're not?

Zeeep!

Hello.

Foolable.

Hello.

Why, you're just a little boy.

Where am I?

Who the hell are you?

You're here.

You're on earth.

Do you have any scraps?

Yo, this is fucked up.

Um, hey.

Oh, I killed Forvo in a previous time to take his body to come back here to kill Scott Aquaman.

He didn't kill me.

And Andrew Lloyd Webber, I thought I did.

No, I had some zombie makeup lying around.

I stole from Steven Young.

That is the most brilliant trickery I've ever heard.

The greatest trick that Forvo ever played was getting me to apologize on the makeup.

My god, my brother is still alive.

Hi.

I missed you.

I'm sorry I had to kill you.

You didn't kill me.

Thank god.

Why did you want to kill me?

I had to because you guys killed me when I did nothing.

Well, now I of course didn't kill anyone.

I'm from America.

Why does this is who is this?

This is Steven Sondheim.

Bow down.

Forvo, don't you see what's happening?

What?

That's Steven Sondheim.

What do you say?

What?

What are you doing, Scotchrick?

I'm not Scotchrick.

Scotchrick.

Wait, what are you doing here?

I'm in Forvo.

Who the?

Forville.

What in the?

I'm Forvo.

Hey, this is a plan that we hatched.

All I know is I came here to kill some timebabies.

And if we have all somehow collapsed upon each other inside out at some sort of vortex.

Do you own a vortex, by the way?

Do I own a vortex?

Yeah, mine's under my bed.

I never use it.

Yeah, yeah, but we lived in the same house for a little while.

So yeah, maybe I slipped into that vortex somehow.

Oh, maybe I'm thinking of my vortex.

I'm very frightened and afraid.

You do not look frightened.

You look more confused than anything else.

Also that.

Did you hear his voice?

He slipped out of the New York accent.

Oh, you motherfucker.

Yeah, it is the end to the white web.

Yes, yes.

It is I, Android Webber.

And I am prepared to accept whatever fate awaits me at your hands or the hands of you.

Friver, I'll let you do the honors and just say what you want to do to this motherfucker.

Because he's really, he's fucking, he's really just a fucking kid.

Don't tell me about it.

Just fucking guy.

I mean, this guy is a fucking piece of shit, man.

What crime have I committed other than inspiring millions with my musical compositions?

I go to my grave if to the grave I must go with my head held high in service of a Majesty.

He treated my little brother like shit.

He wanted to live with you.

And you said nothing.

You would not let him.

As a matter of fact, you played him like a fool.

And then he came back to apologize.

All I wanted was a nice man with a nice home.

I offered to let you live in a golden cage.

But you threatened to stab me again and again.

And a few times you did stab me.

Motherfucker, you put me in a cage again.

No, no.

God, it's not you.

Friver, we've talked about your language.

Well, don't you talk to him like that.

He could talk any way he wants.

Friver, I'm not my bigger brother.

Friver, I've fallen here now and he's going to protect me.

And besides that, I'm also packing.

I got the Rottweilers.

He was in disguise.

He doesn't have any of them.

I actually got the Rottweilers right here.

Rottweilers snatch.

What?

What is you doing?

What?

I just said Rottweilers snatch her.

Yeah, I know what that was.

Because I was dressed up as forville.

Wait, I knew what it was.

Yeah, so it's not going to- Because I'm dressed up like Scott.

What?

You always got- No, I'm- Wait, am I?

I think you two better kill each other.

Let me check this all Manek for a second here.

Check the all Manek.

Who am I?

Turns out the Red Sox won the world series recently.

Wait, that- That- That team in Boston?

Oh, boy.

Ha ha ha ha.

Wait a minute, let me put my costume back on Zia.

Hey, I'm back.

I realize now that I'm just wearing a Scott costume, but I actually am forville.

Oh, you- I'm sorry.

You just realized that you're wearing a Scott costume?

Yes, I've been wearing a Scott costume my whole life.

And that I actually am forville.

And you are Freivolt my brother.

Correct.

Dressed.

I was dressed up as an old forville as a joke.

You tricked me into thinking that I was an old man.

Also that we could kill Andrew Lloyd Webber.

So let's kill Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I'll say we do this.

I say, let's kill Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Full circle.

Oh, what?

We find ourselves at a curious circle of hearts.

Shut the fuck up.

Oh my God, this is- The grizzly man himself.

He's not the grizzly man.

Oh, that was a director of- I thought that was an autobiography.

No, no, this is not an autobiography.

No, the- Yeah, grizzly man was not about the director of the film.

I did not realize it.

No, no, Werner Herzog?

Yes.

You've been dressed up like Andrew Lloyd Webber?

For this whole time.

Every time you have spoken to Andrew Lloyd Webber, it has secretly been me.

The entire time?

The entire time.

So where is Andrew Lloyd Webber?

He doesn't exist.

What?

Say what?

He is a creation of- of- of legend.

It was originally to make children eat their vegetables.

That was why Andrew Lloyd Webber was invented to make children eat their vegetables.

He didn't work.

Yeah.

Clearly.

Was it a thing of if you don't eat your vegetables, you'll have to go to an Andrew Lloyd Webber musical?

That's correct.

Interesting.

My God.

We are really involved in quite a buttercream effect right now.

This is the buttercream effect, I think.

My goodness.

So every time- It seems as if my whole world has collapsed in upon itself.

And mine as well.

Every time Andrew Lloyd Webber has been on the show, it's been you and his guys.

Yes, that is correct.

His guys?

His guys right there.

No wonder you said you had two thumbs when you were Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Yes.

I've only known one other guy to have two thumbs and that's been you.

Yes, my thumbs are so constant that I might as well be an Englishman.

I have to say this is technicality no down boo over.

Technicality no down boo over.

Yes.

This is technicality no down boo over.

I don't like- Technicality no down boo over.

Yes.

Coco Box.

Wait, Coco Marks is here?

Hey, it's me, Coco Mode.

How did- He started- Zip what?

It's me Aaron Neville.

Aaron Neville.

No, no, no much.

Oh my god, layers upon layers.

Zip what?

It's me, Fival.

From the movie- From an American tale?

Correct, somewhere out there.

A little animated on it.

Zip!

It's me, Pee-bo Bryson.

Somewhere out there.

Zip!

It's me, Aladdin.

Didn't you sing a song for Aladdin?

A whole new one.

Could you dish a prize?

Wait, are you who you think you are?

Zip?

Yo, here I'm sorry.

JW Stillwater.

That's right.

There's a crime going on here.

Yo, Mertherds.

Zip!

It's me, Jesse the Martin.

Jesse the Martin.

So a party venturo- Zip?

Hello, it's the sheriff of Nottingham.

Zip?

It's me, Jazz Jazz.

Jazz Jazz.

Here's Jazz Jazz.

From- From- This is an obscure one, right?

Jazz Jazz the- The- I'm a fan of the show.

The barber- The barber shop?

I'm trying to remember his details.

Zip?

Hi!

Well, looky here!

Oh, wow!

She'll house her.

I'm back from the dead, wow!

Listen from the grave, or is it just Stevian Zombie makeup?

Zip?

And bring out the girls.

Zip?

Outline hot time, hit me for a vlog and do real for a vlog.

Zip?

That's me, Scott.

I was lying the whole time.

Zip?

It's me, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

I was lying the whole time.

You motherfuckers.

You motherfuckers as well.

Science!

We're all just a bunch of motherfuckers.

We're all a bunch of time-traveling motherfuckers.

We're like the ears, but people.

We were lying to each other.

We all lied.

We were folding in on each other and it's gotta stop.

It's gotta stop.

This is only one way to stop it.

What's that?

Like this!

Run away with your sats!

You can't do this!

You motherfuckers just will never happen again.

I'm gonna get on my pony on my drive away.

I will return!

Look at you drive that pony.

It's got eight legs.

Oh, Scott.

I feel as if I have very deep knifing wounds.

It looks as if that is so.

It is blood seeping through my fingers.

He got me walking dead style right in the forehead.

No, no.

Yes.

Hi, I'm Jay Davidson.

I was looking for my penis.

Number four!

That's right.

Jay Davidson came back.

He's looking for his penis.

Looking for his penis.

By the way, we heard the return of technicality no down boo over.

Oh!

I didn't bring it up when it came up in the Gillian Jacobs episode in our last episode, but technicality no down boo over is something that I said in that Gary Marshall Gillian Jacobs line of the lines.

No, down boo over.

Now, I wondered why I said that, and I sent you a text because people kept tweeting me technicality no down boo over.

And I said, why did I say technicality no down boo over?

And you just wrote back because you're an idiot.

And so here's what I think cemented it is because when I said that, it, for whatever reason, me saying that all run together, it killed you.

You were so delighted by it.

No!

Technicality!

Down!

Boo!

Over!

And you just said no technicality, no down boo over.

No, technicality, no down boo over.

Technicality, no down boo over.

And it's a phrase that we have said on at midnight.

That was the best.

Screamed at each other?

That was the best.

Ignoring Chris Hardway.

Yes.

Yeah, I felt that as committed as I was that bit, I did feel kind of bad because he had no choice but to just turn to the camera because you and I are just screaming at each other.

And he was like, okay, well I guess this is not.

I guess I'll just talk to myself then.

Let's look at the camera over here.

Speaking of at midnight, I will be on January 8th, the day before our comedy bang bang season premiere.

I will be on a couple days before you, I believe, on January 6th.

And I believe it will not be on at midnight that week.

It will be on at 1130.

That's right, at 1130 until they put that little bit time.

Sorry, Wilmer's show in there.

Oh, or that.

Yeah, I'll be on December 6th with January 6th.

Do you know who you're on with?

January 6th.

I know I'm on Steve AG, that's all I know.

I'm on with Padget Brewster on Thomas Lennon.

Fun!

That'll be a fun episode.

That's great.

I have not won yet.

I have won a couple of times but it hasn't.

You've won at my expense as well on a technicality, no down boo over.

Technicality, you know, on a boo over.

All right, we have to wrap it up.

By the way, that Time Bobby 3, let's talk about it just in brief.

That was a fun one to do.

Yes it was.

We didn't know whether we could keep the balls up in the air.

We didn't know if we were even going to do another Time Bobby, but Bobby loves doing Forville so much.

It's pretty hilarious when he does it.

It's a wonderful creation.

Yeah, it's a great voice.

The weird thing is, did you feel like a little pressure?

I felt pressure to make this good.

Anytime we do a sequel.

When you're going back to the well.

When you're going back to the well, from be it Farts and Procreation or Time Bobby 3 or some of Andy Daily stuff, you feel a lot of pressure like, oh no, are we going to be able to come up with it.

Sometimes the mythology-laden episodes are the ones that have the most pressure for you and I to, and my other guests to kind of really make them good.

But as evidenced by this countdown, there are some of people's favorites episodes.

Some of people's favorites episodes.

I like to live here.

America number one.

Statues of Loberto?

All right, well that was a fun one.

By the way, if you like that character Forville, he was not only in Time Bobby 1 and Time Bobby 2, but he's in the other New York episode that we did release and that we did record.

Yes.

And that is not mythology-laden at all.

That's just a fun episode where Forville is just participating in the episode.

That's right.

So that's in the CBB Live episodes, the bundle that you can get in the ear-wool store right now.

We have to bring this to a close for today.

We have to, we have to...

There's a literal and figurative gun to our heads regarding this issue.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Sam, put it down.

Sam is holding an actual gun.

Just fucking do it, Sam!

So no!

Just fucking do it!

No, no, no, I don't want to do the next episode.

No, hold on a second.

Hold up.

I want to live.

Um, we are going to be back on Thursday.

We'll be back on New Year's Day.

How New Year's Day.

Brand new time for you to do a life that's good.

We'll be back on New Year's with your top three.

This is exciting.

It's very exciting.

Very exciting.

We'll see you then.

Thanks.

Bye!

♪ In the air wolf ♪ This has been an ear-wolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

♪ Ear-wolf radio.

Boom.

Doh.

Come.

♪ The Wolf Dead.
