♪♪♪ Rectum, damn near killed him, it was Crohn's disease, your honor. Welcome to Comedy's Bang!

Comedy's Bang Bang! Am I pluralizing this?

Comedy's Bang Bang!

Whoppers Jr.

Welcome to Comedy Bang Bang! Best of 2020 Part 2! Part 2! I'm gonna take you to Part 2!

Big Audio Dynamite, as we have talked about before, and...

It's my favorite band. That's right. There's no one better.

Isn't that funny though?

Big Audio Dynamite 2 was pretty good as well.

It is somebody's favorite band though. I guess...

I mean, look, I like them more than the average person I have.

I think every record they put out. This is not to say that they're bad, but it's like...

Every remix. It's funny that even a short-lived band...

Yes. ...that didn't put out much stuff. Sure.

That's somebody's favorite band, and they must be so bummed like, Man, this is as good as it got for me music live. Right.

And they did two albums. Well, they did about eight, but...

This is... I'm doing like a three-year-end stock. Yes, about it, yes.

Come on. Well, play these games with me.

That, of course, you know, this podcast...

It's Tomkins. I...

This podcast is probably someone's favorite podcast, if you can believe that, Kevin.

Yeah, I don't know.

By the way, thank you to Euripides shorts for that catchphrase submission.

Catchphrase superstar.

Catchphrase superstar Euripides shorts.

And welcome to Comedy Bang Bang Best of 2020 Part 2.

And my name is Scott Ockermann, and I am the host of Comedy Bang Bang.

I see somebody at your door up there, someone trying to get in or someone just like peeking over.

I just saw movement. I just saw movement.

I can't see the top of the door.

Okay, I can't see if they're peeking over Wilson's stuff.

Wilson's stuff. Mr. Wilson?

Isn't that weird how two neighbors in two different shows...

So a like in Dignity.

What is the quote from...

So a like in both houses. No, two houses, both alike.

What is it? I can't remember both alike in what?

Ah, the bard. Both alike in...

Oh, no, I'm gonna have to look it up.

But first, I wanted to see who that person was.

Both alike in liking Mike.

I like Ike.

I like Mike.

Two houses.

Can someone like Mike and Ike's?

Here we go, ready?

Two households, both alike in Dignity.

Who was Dignity? In Dignity, yeah.

In Fair Verona, where we lay our scene.

Oh, shit, that means this is where it takes place.

This is where this shit happens.

In the room where it happens.

And I wonder what... Oh, Romeo and Juliet, of course.

They had to do that before Lower Thirds.

That's right. They couldn't just say...

Like CNN and Lower Thirds.

They had to say like, this takes place if we're over.

I guess they did, you know?

I guess maybe they could have had a banner.

Most like that plane had.

Ah, it's back again.

I got my phone charger!

I took the wrong one!

I need a T-Mobile charger!

Yeah, why not?

I mean, and also programs.

Programs are supposed to tell you everything.

You know, you don't see modern shows, people going like, hey, by the way, this takes place in Ireland.

Here's the thing, no one could read them.

Oh, that's right.

This before reading was invented.

That's right.

Shakespeare did.

Shakespeare did. It was certainly not fundamental.

The plane was invented, because obviously Shakespeare was writing these plays.

Oh, I thought he dictated the place to the actors.

We're all women.

Of course.

As was the custom.

Because it was a feminine profession.

That's right.

It is.

And is to this day.

The Star Cross lovers, Romy and Juliet, where they not.

They were Star Trek lovers?

They were Star Trek lovers.

No, they love Star Wars, as you know, because that happened a long time ago in a galaxy far, far away.

A long time ago.

Star Trek has not happened yet, and you should know this.

Star Trek!

As the host of the Star Trek podcast.

Pod Directive cast.

To me in the great Tony Newsome.

That's right.

Where you guys.

Chopping it up.

Talk about Star Trek.

I wondered when I heard you were doing that, how much do you know about Star Trek?

I know a good deal about Star Trek.

Because I feel like you have talked about watching one of the spin-offs, I guess they are.

But I don't remember you ever talking about knowing that much about the original series.

Well, I watched the original series as a kid when it was in a re-wrested area.

And I loved it.

I was captivated by it.

And then when TNG came out, I watched that as it aired.

And then I started re-watching it a few years ago.

Tell me more.

Deep Space Nine.

I used to watch Deep Space Nine.

I'm not as versed in Voyager.

What was that one that Baccula was on?

There are Dracula.

Who was it?

Dracula's Countbacula.

He was on Enterprise.

I've watched a little bit of that.

I might watch more of that.

It was a little rough to get into.

What if much like the weird?

The watch of the watches.

The weird devil in Star Wars.

What if a Dracula just came onto one of the decks?

I would.

In Star Trek.

I would fuck him.

He's wearing the cape in the middle.

But here's the thing.

If it were Star Trek, it would be a whole story.

There would be a whole, everyone on the planet would look like Dracula.

Would it speak the whole thing?

Yeah.

Talk like this.

So we, but.

You are so-called prime directive.

But would the story of Count Dracula have happened in the Star Trek universe?

There would be a reference to it.

Like this guy looks a lot like Dracula.

In the middle of- That story that no one ever remakes or talks about anymore.

Many planets and cultures have the Dracula legend under various names.

OK, let me do an impression and see if you know who this is.

Star Trek.

34, 34.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

Can you tell who this is?

I wish people could have seen the physicality.

They're going to walk with it.

Star Trek.

34, 26, 32.

Did you ever see Dana Gould and me and Kendelli do the three shatners?

Yes.

Where did you do it?

It was very funny.

We did it at Page Rose.

Do you remember?

Yes.

I used to book a show at Page Rose.

That's right.

We did.

There's this old clip of William Shatner at the Science Fiction Awards from the 70s doing Rocket Man, the Elton John song.

And he's doing this very strange sort of beat poetry rendition of it.

But it also features different versions of William Shatner seeing the song with his...

Superimposed on to each other.

So three different images of his face.

Yeah.

And body.

Like they...

Yeah, that's true.

I mean, they didn't just cut him off at the chin.

If he had a body in frame, they would show it.

Oh, yeah.

And Dana Gould had the idea to do it live.

So it was me and...

It was a very Dana Gould lady.

It was Dana, me and Kendelli.

We did it.

We just did the song.

I remember it.

I don't...

It was so much fun.

Yeah.

I...

Those are fun days.

That was back around 1997, of course.

That's right.

But if you can find that clip of William Shatner, it's an amazing...

It's really good.

Him singing Rocket Man was also an inspiration for a bit we did on bajillion dollar properties.

That's right.

Yes.

If you can find that clip, good luck to you.

And to all your family too.

It is Christmas Eve, by the way, today.

What?

And yes, that's right.

Oh, shit.

Oh, I have a bit of a problem.

Oh, no.

You know how I'm a miser, right?

Sure, yeah.

And you studied miser as well.

I'm a miser, miser.

And I don't like Christmas.

Right.

You're a missing throat.

Yeah, yeah, I am.

And I...

Baja Humbug are things that I've heard you say every once in a while.

I've said those things individually and together.

Yes.

And I'm kind of worried.

But I'm worried when you're saying Baja, you're saying it to some black sheep.

Well, then I'm saying it a bunch of times in a row.

Yes, sir, of course.

And then I have a question.

Believe me.

That's right.

And sometimes when you watch the movie Black Sheep with Chris Farley and David Spade.

Or the comedy band guest this year.

Or the TV show Boba Black Sheep's starring Robert Conrad.

Of course.

Did you say Chris Farley was a guest this year?

Yeah, he was.

Okay.

He time traveled.

And I will...

Here's the thing.

I'm a little scared to go to sleep tonight.

Why?

Because I get the feeling that I should not have been this way all my life.

Right.

To be fair, I wasn't always like this.

Well, I remember there were these years where you were kind of young and you were sort of a romantic...

I was full of something.

Oh, it was seen in the camera down there.

I was full of demon.

I was packed with the raffes.

You're living room balls were just swollen.

But yeah, I wonder if I...

Well, what's the worst that could happen?

You die in your sleep?

No, I think something worse than that could happen.

Something worse than dying?

Yeah, I mean, I'd love to die in my sleep.

I wish.

Oh man, that's the way to go.

That is the way to go.

Like just to have...

You know that statue that I have right above my bed?

Just to have that topple over in an earthquake and land on my head and brush my skull.

Dying in your sleep.

That's the dream.

I really should have fixed that to the wall a little more carefully.

Yeah, you don't want it to fall over like that video of the fake toddler climbing the dresser.

The dresser falls over the TV, smashes its face in.

It's a reproduction of Michelangelo's David.

Or is it a reproduction?

Is that true?

Of course not.

Or is it a reproduction?

I actually stole Michelangelo's David and swapped it out for a reproduction.

You're like in Antigone.

That's right.

It belongs in my house.

So are you.

Oh, references.

We love them.

We got them all.

Paul of Tomkins is here.

I don't know whether I said that.

Hi there.

And we are, of course, this is part two of the best of 2020.

And of course it's part two.

In the previous episode, part one, we counted down episodes 16 through 13 of that you, the voters have voted on.

Every year we put out a voting page and everyone votes on it.

I think that's pretty clear.

And we got a lot of votes this year.

We got, let me look at.

How was turnout this year?

Turnout was good.

And let me just, because I asked for clarification on this.

And I got it.

So I just want to make sure that I have the right numbers here.

But oh, yes, we got 30 over 30,000 votes this year.

What's the record?

I don't know.

I was wondering that, but ask July.

That's July and answer July.

Who would know?

Every year, well, July does have the page, but I'm sure we've disgusted every year.

I wonder if we're going down and I'm sure I'm disgusted every year.

Who knows?

Anyway, 30,000 nothing to sneeze at.

And especially this year during COVID-19.

Please don't sneeze at things.

And if you do, wash your hands.

We got 30,000 votes.

And look, first, don't sneeze.

But if you do, wash your hands.

And if you don't wash your hands, God bless you.

Wash your nose.

Wash your noses.

We are going to on this episode B, listening to 12, 11, 10, and 9.

So we're going to crack the top 10.

We are going to on this episode B, listening to episodes chosen by Vee.

That's right.

Paul, of course, is a little troll.

The honeybang bank troll who lives under a bridge.

Why do trolls like to live under bridges?

Under bridges do we dwell.

Otherwise it feels like hell.

It seems like you could live in like a toll booth next to the bridge.

Couldn't you?

It would be a little more comfortable.

In a toll booth, should I?

In a toll booth, should I reside?

I would sit alone.

Would have cried.

Inside?

Inside.

Yeah.

So we're going to hear about 12, 11, 10, and 9.

What a toll booth because of troll?

Troll booth?

Troll booth.

That's what I should have said.

Oh, that's my movie.

Troll booth.

That's not a bad pitch.

Troll booth.

That's the end of the pitch.

That's it.

It's like the space force pitch.

It's like not hyphenated.

It's like, what was the space force pitch?

Was it just space force?

Netflix pitch space force to Steve Carell and his Bruce McBardner.

You know, I don't know.

You're in the show of this?

Those are my favorite thing.

I actually, when we pitched the Michael Bolton Valentine's Day special, which is great to watch during the holidays because if you haven't seen it, there's a reason why you can watch it during Christmas.

But you haven't seen it.

There's a reason why.

Yeah, I don't want to spoil it, but there is a reason why it's good to watch.

I was going to say if people haven't seen it, there's a reason why they haven't.

I don't want to spoil it.

But it's because you're an asshole.

A dick bitch.

If you haven't heard episode one, that's a callback.

I'm not just saying dick, bitch.

Episode one of Comedy Vemic.

That's right.

Go all the way back.

But when we pitched the Michael Bolton Valentine's Day special, all we did was make a poster and said, look at this.

It's going to be like this because we didn't have any of the segments in it because we didn't write it or anything.

That's right.

We're like, it's going to be, it's going to be this.

And it worked.

Multiple offers.

But it's from the same company.

Yep.

And it said dick which one.

And we picked the smallest.

We're all going to write a number on a piece of paper.

And slide them forward to the same job.

You can combine them if you want or just pick one.

If I were you, I'd come on.

Well, we just picked one.

One is $1.

That's the one we picked.

Oh, no.

And it said doll hair too.

And we knew it said doll hair.

Cuz it was written.

Oh boy.

So every year we do this, Paul and it's Christmas Eve.

And hopefully by tomorrow and by the next episode, you're going to like Christmas.

Who knows?

Yeah, I don't know.

I feel like something weird is going to happen.

Maybe.

Who knows?

But something weird is going to happen on this episode.

We're going to hear some great clips.

We're going to hear clips from these episodes that you voted on.

By the freaking of my thumbs, a bunch of great clips this week comes.

You're getting better at rhyming.

Your characters have traditionally not liked to rhyme all the bunch.

And I've noticed listening to some of these clips back that you are getting more comfortable with rhyming in the moment.

Thank you.

Well, you've always said that you were not incredibly.

Okay, but don't throw back in my face.

By bringing it.

So anything you tell me I can never bring up again.

Yes.

And that's considered throwing you back in your face.

That's friendship.

You got married to Janie.

Don't throw that back in my face.

I'll do you.

Why don't we get to it?

Let's get to it.

This is we're counting down 12 to 9.

This is your episode 12.

Number one, two.

All right, episode 12, Paul.

This is numbing me my hints.

Okay, this is episode 661.

Stone six hundreds, okay.

That's right.

This is June 22.

June 22.

The dog days of summer.

It's June 22nd.

Right.

Not quite July.

Not July yet.

That's right.

It's a I would say if I had to guess it's like eight days away.

It's not May, not quite July.

Yeah.

Do you remember what you were doing this July?

Yeah, celebrating America.

Of course.

Yeah.

But previous to that, do you remember your June?

I think I was hating America.

So that the celebration would be all the sweeter.

And that it balances out, of course.

Exactly.

I'll tell you one thing you were doing in June.

You were recording this episode.

What I wanted.

That's right.

This episode is called the Moser Trio.

Oh, really?

Yes.

Very funny.

I've listened to this clip.

And you're going to listen to it right now.

No.

This is an episode called the Moser Trio.

Paul, what can you tell us about this episode?

Well, Carl, Tarte, and I decided we wanted to do something together.

We neither of us had anything really planned.

Normally what happens on the show for those of you who don't know how the show works.

On Monday we meet with Scott and the writer.

Yeah.

On Tuesday.

That's our light day.

We do a writer all night.

We have to pitch ideas to Scott.

What characters will win on Wednesday?

There's dress.

No.

What happens is usually the performers I reach out to people separately.

Most people don't even know who they're going to be on the show with at any given time.

They just come to the studio or pop up.

That's true.

Oh, wow.

These people are on it.

So a lot of people don't ever do characters together because I book everyone separately.

But in this case, you and Carl wanted to do one together.

You let me know that, right?

No, I don't think so.

I think we decided in the moment as we all got on the Zoom.

So when you got on the Zoom, you saw Carl and said, Hey, let's do something together.

And, okay.

Carl might have said that to me.

I don't remember.

Who knows?

Or I might have said it to anyone.

Who knows?

Who else was on this episode?

Also Tim Balz.

We know it was not Tim.

Tim did not suggest.

Tim shut the fuck up like, of course he always does like a good little boy.

Here's what he does.

And this drives me crazy about Tim.

We were having this conversation.

Tim sits there with this little smile on his face, this little mysterious smile on his face.

Like he knows something and he thinks we're being stupid and he has information that we need but won't give it to us.

Yeah.

And I fuck if I see that guy, if you ever see that guy again, who knows if we ever will.

I'm going to punch his fucking lights out.

Did you get the vaccine yet, by the way?

Yeah, it's good, isn't it?

I love it.

Do you know what's funny?

It's like, I was like, is it going to be weird?

And then it was like, it's like heaven.

Yeah.

It tastes good.

It's so good.

I feel like I feel like a little high, but not like I can't like incapacitate it.

When he was dribbling out of that syringe, I was like, I don't know if I want that in my mouth, but it was it tastes so good.

I had the doctors squirt it through the syringe right into my mouth.

Right.

I was like, do it like a fountain.

Yeah.

Do it like the water world show.

Do it like the water world.

So they squirt water people's mouth.

So my recollection of this episode is we got on the zoom and neither of you had anything planned.

And a lot of times people don't plan what they're going to do.

They just think of it in the moment.

And you said, what should we do?

And I think this was Carl's idea, wasn't it?

He said where he said, I've always wanted to do a singing trio where it's like, hello, hello, hello, but one of the people is dead.

And you said, great, let's do it.

And that's what this episode is about.

I don't even know if we even had that much planned out.

I knew we were going to be a singing group.

And that I think I think it was because you wanted to be introduced as the Moser trio, but there were only two of them.

Yeah, we're all right.

So I think that was Carl's initial pitch.

Now my feelings about this episode were in the moment I did not feel like I was doing a good job.

That's right.

I think we talked about that after the episode, right?

Where you were.

We talked about during a break.

Yeah.

And we were like, no, it's fine.

But I felt I did not feel I didn't feel it was maybe my first.

No, one of them.

I was in my first bang bang over Zoom, but we were working out, we'll talk about the process later behind the scenes of the show, but we were working out the intricacies of doing an improv show over Zoom where everyone has different speeds of internet, everyone has different qualities of mics, et cetera.

And I think this one in the moment felt a little strange like it wasn't going well.

And also to be doing a musical thing.

Yes.

And there are people anytime anyone tries to sing, it's hard to sync up with it over Zoom.

But I listen to it back and we're going to listen to it right now.

And it's very funny.

I'm glad.

I have not listened back to this one.

It's really funny.

So let's do it.

Let's hear it.

This is your episode 12, the Moser Trio.

Number one, two.

And they are a singing trio.

And this is so exciting to have them.

They're one of my favorites.

Please welcome to the show, the Moser Trio.

Hello, guys.

Hello.

Thank you, Scott.

Was that the three of you?

It sounded, first of all, now I know the typical trio entrances, hello, hello, hello.

You are doing it knocked off apart.

But it sounds like there's only two of you.

Is that right?

He died.

That's right, Scott.

Our middle part of our trio has died.

The middle guy in the trio died?

No.

I'm, of course, Chef Moser.

I'm heat Moser.

Chef is that spelled like chef, but just pronounced differently?

Or is that spelled a different way?

It's spelled C-H-E.

Oh, you're really keeping me in suspense here.

Oh, A?

J.

Okay.

FF.

So like Jeff without the vowels.

No.

Well, it's C-H-E-J-F-F.

So like Jeff with the vowels, but just with two transposed letters with a C-H at the top.

Yes.

Thank you.

You got it.

Okay.

So should Jeff, but the J-O-silent.

No, it's Jeff.

It's Jeff, but the J-O-silent.

Yes.

Are you Swedish?

No.

I thought we were your favorite group.

Yeah, I don't know anything about you.

I love your music.

I beg your pardon.

You never look at the...

Your majesty.

Where everybody is not silent.

It's true.

Your majesty, it's a hard J.

It truly is.

In heap, how is that spelled?

Like a whole heap.

So standard spelling on that, H-E-A-P.

H-E-E-P-E.

Okay.

I'm sorry to laugh at you guys' names.

Like I know you may be foreign, you're not Swedish.

That's the only information I have regarding you.

Where are you to eat?

This must be very difficult.

Now imagine a third voice in the middle there.

Yeah, it must be very difficult to have the middle part, the only person not doing the melody in a trio to have passed away.

What happened to...

What was their name?

Crand.

Yes.

Cr-A-A-A-A-N-D.

Where are you from?

Because these are foreign sounding names.

Did you not Google us?

Did you not look us up?

We thought we were your favorite name?

You love our music.

You love our once thought.

I'm going to find out some information on these guys.

I love something without Googling it.

Not true.

That's not true.

I've never Googled her.

You've never Googled your wife.

Why would I Google my wife?

I've Googled you up to.

I don't know who she is.

To see what she's up to.

Yes.

I don't think Google tracks everyone's movement.

I don't know who she is.

That's a huge, huge drop.

Okay.

From five star to four star general.

The guy comes over and snatches one star off you.

But to be busted down from triplet to twin just must the ultimate indignity.

Were you guys triplets and now twins?

Yes.

Triplets and now we're twins.

We've been busted down.

We call it the bust down.

We're in the bust down.

Okay.

I'm so sorry guys.

Have you adjusted to being twins at this point?

Yes.

There's more space.

Sure.

Did you all live together or just more space on the earth?

Both.

I'm sorry to laugh.

It sounds like you guys grieved very quickly this morning.

Did you achieve total dabda this morning?

We had to have to pretty quickly after because we didn't have time to not hit dabda.

We had a plane to get.

Exactly.

Right now traveling is very hard because of all the restrictions.

We were checking in with each other.

We were on one of those planes that still has the in flight communication on the back of the seat in front of you.

Oh, the one where you can contact someone in another seat?

Why would you ever do that?

Yes.

We wouldn't take our masks off.

We would talk to each other over the seat chat and say, I'm at bargaining.

Where are you?

Oh, so you did it on the plane, but you didn't do it before the plane.

It happened on the plane.

It's not something you do.

Okay.

Yes.

It occurred.

You went through it, but it was an accelerated pace.

No, I don't know.

I have nothing to compare it to.

You've never had a loved one pass away before now.

I have any of you.

I have not.

There you go.

So your parents are still alive?

Yes.

They're very old.

Grandparents, assuming you had them from when you were born are still alive.

That's right.

We are still grandchildren.

We are still proud grandchildren.

Grandchildren.

And that is the Moser Trio promise.

Is it not that you will always be grandchildren?

That's the MTP.

When we walk out on stage, the first thing we do is greet the city we're in.

Yes.

When we walk out on stage at Live Aid, are they doing it again this year?

Yeah.

From what I hear Coachella was canceled, they just said, let's just do Live Aid.

Yeah.

I feel like Live Aid, they've taken a couple of years off.

Am I right?

They have taken a...

Yeah.

I mean, why couldn't that have been an every year thing?

I guess they felt like they fixed it, right?

I will say, since 1985, I haven't seen 100 Ethiopian.

And maybe it's because we live in a town that has a rallies and a checkers.

So many in a hardy dresser.

Crystal and a white castle.

McDonald's, Annenberg, and King.

There are so many choices there for an Ethiopian.

We also have a hungry...

We have a hungry Jack.

We have an Australian Jack.

I don't know how that happened.

I see.

This is horrible.

I see.

Oh, that was magical.

Wait a minute.

Do you guys think I could be one of the Mozart trio?

I mean, I'm not a triplet nor a twin.

Hold on one second.

Just...

Heap.

Let's indulge this for just a moment.

I know we said, we agreed we were going to go out as a duo and we were going to carry on in our brother's name even though we weren't going to ever mention him and act like he never existed.

What if you were to give us the baseline?

Just give us that.

Give us the phrase ice cream.

Ice cream.

No.

Why would you go high?

You're supposed to be...

No, you want me in the middle.

Yes.

You want it little in the middle.

We have absolutely established.

Okay.

Our two bars.

Sorry.

I've...

Look, I'm nervous.

You've...

You've got to let people start over in an audition.

You can't just like say, nope, sorry, go away.

You've got to give someone a second chance.

Give them notes.

Let them adjust.

All right.

Here's the note.

Figure it out.

All right.

Are we doing ice cream again?

Which is what I can be prepared?

Ice cream.

I can't say.

This is good.

I feel like I was in the pocket.

I think you're in the pocket of big harmony.

E-harmony.

I think you're in the pocket of E-harmony.

And we're not going to let you into our group to use your velvet singing voice to lure Christian white people who don't want to commit to Christian cycle.

Christian Mingle and use our audience some kind of recruitment tool.

Okay.

I'm sorry.

I thought I did a good job.

Gave yourself away, though, Scott.

You gave yourself away.

Yeah.

In Jeremystown, we use match.com.

That's right.

Mm.

Andy Harmony or Just Match.com.

Who's Andy Harmony?

That could be my stage name if I joined the Moser Trio.

Well, we wouldn't.

So it's the Moser Trio minus crammed Moser featuring Andy Harmony.

Sure.

Why not?

There have been weirder names.

Name three.

The Belleville singers minus Randy Belleville featuring.

I forgot you could make some up.

Shit.

Exactly.

Number one, two.

Oh boy.

What a clip.

Oh boy.

What a clip.

After that clip, of course, Tim Balts plays Pastor Peter Pooh boy, which is really funny.

You go back and listen to that episode for that.

All right.

Let's take a break.

When we come back, we're going to have episode lucky number Slil 11 will be here.

Slil 11.

We'll be right back with more comedy.

Bang, bang, bang.

I have to do this.

Comedy, bang, bang, bang.

Best of 2020 part two and Paul of Tomkins is here with me and he is checking something on his phone.

Looks like he's making an important notation.

No, perhaps he's texting something to his wife instructions for her to have something ready for him upon his arrival back home.

Fucking dinner.

No, of course not.

If anyone, you're the one who makes dinner for Janie.

Am I right?

No.

Oh, does she make dinner a lot?

She's a great cook and she likes to cook.

Cool up also is a great cook.

Although, and we talked about this a little bit recently, I think, maybe on maybe we attacked herself or something.

Who knows?

But that for people who like to cook, the pandemic has been a challenge.

Yes.

Because now you're cooking all the time.

Yeah, every single night and it makes you start to hate it after a while.

We've gone through phases of the pandemic.

Fades and turn and face the strength of a face.

I usually like to cook.

Now I don't like it.

We went through the specialty cocktails phase where I was making specialty cocktails a lot.

What was your fave?

I don't know.

I was just I can't it was so many months ago.

I can't remember, but we were looking at recipes and now actually cool.

I mean, that's a good cocktail.

Cool up.

I'm a specialty cocktail so we're in that phase, but our current phase is the family feud phase where every night we watch one episode of family feud.

Do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do do.

Hosted by Richard Carr.

Of course.

Me.

Carr and years.

No, the Steve Harvey, of course, cracks the best ever do it, I think, better than Richard Dawson even.

Wow.

Well, he's doing a different thing.

He's doing a different thing.

You know what I enjoy the thing more.

I think I think we've talked about the famous British family feud clip.

No, what is the guy answers Turkey to almost every question.

Oh, I don't remember that.

It's cold.

I look at the house.

I forget what it's called.

Um, yeah, this guy, I think he answers Turkey to like three things in a row.

My favorite, the one I watched last night was, um, this family goes up and the question is the first guy goes up and he gets, he only gets 33 points, but one of his answers was crystal blank and he goes, meth.

Right.

And Steve Harvey is like already giving him shit for that.

Yeah.

But then the second guy comes out and does pretty well and he answers crystal clear, I think.

And he turns back around and they read a couple of the answers and then suddenly he reads his, the previous guys answered, he goes, Oh, he said, meth.

Why?

And Steve Harvey's like, we'll get to it.

We'll get to it.

And then finally they get to it and Steve Harvey goes, crystal blank.

And the guy goes, whoa, he said crystal meth.

And everyone's dying laughing.

It was really funny.

Oh, it was good.

Uh, I looked up family.

Oh, yeah, this is it.

I believe.

Let's see if we can hear, I think this is it.

Name something people take with them to the beach.

Turkey.

The thing you buy in a supermarket.

Uh, Turkey.

A food often stuffed.

Turkey.

Uh, the first three of Turkey.

Somebody take to the beach.

Name something people take with them to the beach.

Turkey.

Okay.

This is really weird because the first one should not have been Turkey.

Like I can understand if the first question was name, name a food that was stuffed and he said Turkey and they had Turkey on the brain.

Yes.

But to name that for something you take to the beach, it's bananas.

Dude is hungry at the beach.

It's ball me.

Oh, he's back.

Our plane friend is back.

He keeps forgetting things.

I'm so glad.

I can't fly straight without them.

I can't fly straight.

What if that was a Harrison Ford up there?

Uh, look out.

Do you have to land in our backyard here?

Right.

He had a crash that time.

He's always having crashes.

Is he had more than one?

I think so.

Yeah, he keeps getting like five.

I remember reading something about his trial where he was like, and sit there and defend why he has so many crashes or something.

I could be getting this wildly wrong.

Look, you're on my defense.

I'm high all the time.

You've seen the zeroing, right?

I kind of when I was.

Yeah.

Imagine, you know, you think you could play a fire point and I crash.

Come on.

Put it on my position.

I'm going to scroll.

He's very industrious.

Was he?

What's he trying to get?

I don't know.

Is he just trying to get his nut?

Maybe he's.

Oh, maybe he's in league with this plane.

Every time he hears a plane, he's like, he's going to drop nuts on us.

He keeps hiding the plane guy stuff.

Uh, what are we talking about?

We're talking about this episode.

Did we get to it?

No, no, we didn't.

We came back from a break.

Okay.

Look, let's get to it.

Let's get to it.

This is what you voted on to be episode number 11.

Turkey.

Number one.

One.

All right.

Episode number 11.

Uh, this is number 674.

Oh, so 600 comedy banging episode 674.

This is from September 21st.

Never forget.

Kids are back in school.

They're remote learning.

A lot of them grass is on the field.

Play ball.

I don't think you want to say that.

This is an episode called Canon relapse.

Yes.

Okay.

Canon relapse.

I know this one.

So this episode has Sean Distin, who we have been on in the countdown before and he's playing a different character.

He's playing a character called Rudy North.

We'll talk about that in a second.

We also have Tim Balz and Edgar Montlesser.

How do you, how, and I should have asked him this, but is it Montlesser?

Montlesser.

Montlesser, who has been on the show.

I think he started coming on the show about a year and a half or so ago.

He's been really good.

He, uh, very funny.

He plays on this episode.

We're not going to play this clip, but he plays Jerry Major who makes movies into Will Smith movies, who by the way is not a parody of Jerry Minor.

Like we said, we said, wait, do you mean like Jerry Minor?

He's like, oh, no, I didn't think of that.

Uh, no, it's not, it's not a parody.

No, no, no.

It's just a name he thought of Jerry Major.

What about when Sean Distin was Carl Smart?

I don't remember that.

You came on as Carl Smart?

I feel like that might have been, was that Sean's first comedy bang bang?

I don't remember.

I thought he was Rudy North the first time, but who knows?

Who knows?

I do remember he did early on.

He did a character called Carl Smart.

That's great.

Well, uh, it starts with an earthquake.

Sean, Sean is playing Rudy North, AKA rudimentary North.

And he's been coming on and doing this character for a couple of years.

And Rudy, uh, first of all, one thing you should know is, is his character has gotten so complicated up to this point that he usually has to come on and usually records one of these beforehand, uh, convoluted previously on comedy bang bang where he plays clips of his previous performances.

Does he edit that himself?

He edits those insides.

Oh, I didn't realize that.

Usually like puts the Star Wars trailer music under it, I think.

And you can faintly hear Star Wars dialogue in the background.

Yes.

Um, instead of actually just downloading this song.

So, so Rudy North, uh, and we'll hear this in the clip, but he started off as a very simple character.

And over the couple of years, Sean keeps escalating it and escalating it.

And, uh, because at the end of his very first appearance, he said, talk about that in the clip.

I'm immortal, but we, we'll let's not get into it.

Right.

Yeah.

Oh yeah.

At the very, let's not get into it.

We immediately pounced on that, but we were out of time.

So further episodes we've gotten into it.

So he's very, he's gotten very complicated.

So we're going to hear a clip with Rudy North first.

And then we're going to hear, uh, I didn't play a Tim Balts clip on the last episode because I wanted to play one here on this episode.

Um, Oh, the puppet master.

Tim plays, uh, Darren Matichek, who is, uh, the owner and proprietor of the bobblehead museum.

So we're going to hear two clips, um, both from there.

And then we'll talk about them after this is your episode number 11.

Number one, one.

Scott, I'm doing really good.

It's great to see you Rudy North, uh, catch me up.

I do not remember what happens.

I don't know how to do this.

Yeah.

This is some way that you could talk about what happened, um, in an episode that occurred before this one.

I don't know how better to say that, but well, Scott previously on comedy bag bag.

That's it.

A lot of shit has happened and that is why I am here, Scott.

Really?

That felt good.

Hold on.

Let me just say I did a previously on I got it out in two sentences.

That felt good.

Yeah.

Usually you're previously on last, you know, it's like the final episode of lost or the, uh, 100th episode of Buffy where they go through the entire five years.

You realize you're, you were dead or some shit.

Look, Scott, um, I have been at a facility, uh, in Malibu.

Oh, oh, it's, it's called simplify without the vowels.

So soon.

Hopefully it's a S.

It's a Y there because why sometimes a vowel?

They are some wise.

They really use why.

So it's S M P L Y F Y.

So Simp like how someone would describe you sometimes.

Some people would be say I said been hard, um, but then amplify, but a lot of people say I comp as well, Scott.

That's true.

This place is a Canon rehab facility, Scott.

Oh, oh, I see this takes care of, okay.

So if people haven't heard Rudy on this show before, Rudy, you have a very, you have, you've been with us how many years at this time?

I three or three or four.

Who knows?

It feels like an eternity, Scott, because you started off kind of simple.

You had your, you were a dirt bag.

I was a dirt bag from Florida who could take people's jobs by punching them in the throat.

Now already that is a lot, right?

That's it.

That's almost a hat on a hat at that point, but then you're adding like a stovepipe on top of that.

But because of my addiction, Scott, I threw in that I was immortal.

I threw in that.

I also had the speed force powers.

I also at some point developed the powers of the force, Scott.

And not just the speed force, but the regular force, the regular force.

Star Wars for mini chloroquine.

The midichloria or is it or is that hydroxychloroquine?

What am I?

You're thinking hydroxychloroquine.

It's the midichloria.

And it got a what a drenochrome.

Have you drinking your adrenaline?

I have not sky.

What the hell is that?

I'm scared.

Oh, that's what we get from the blood of young young children.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

Of course.

Yeah, we're all having, we have a bunker under the Hollywood sign.

Yeah.

Okay.

Whatever.

Look, Scott.

I have to say that I am 52 weeks sober from making new cannons, Scott.

Whoa, congratulations.

And this is the step.

Yeah, this is the step they call 52 weeks.

This is the step they call the new 52, Scott.

Why don't they just call it the year?

I don't know why.

It seems like it seems like it should be.

I guess it's sort of, you know, when it works, when you think about it, it's more an achievement to do 52 of something than just one of something.

Because apparently they say there's something about a leap year that throws it off.

But I'm like, that doesn't make any sense to me.

It's one day, but they call it the new 52, Scott.

And I'm here to clean up my cannon, Scott.

Okay.

So when you first started, you were just a dirt bag who would throw punch people in swamps.

I'm still a dirt bag, Scott.

I have my powers back.

I was never.

You have one powers back.

My power of punching people is a throat being able to take their job.

Okay.

Not the speed force power.

Speed force power.

That's crazy.

That's the flash.

What was I doing?

That was the flash.

Okay.

So that's gone.

That's longer harness.

The force will say this.

We still had speed force Thanksgiving, but it exists in my head when I was strapped to like a psychiatric ward or something.

So this is sort of like flash point in a way where we have to clean it up the cat.

It's got so.

Okay.

So this is simplified.

This is simplified.

It feels good, Scott.

Do you feel that?

It feels good because the more unwieldy it gets to talk to a guest.

It's impenetrable for the new listeners.

That's what I was thinking.

A lot like this conversation so far.

Yeah.

For the new listeners, you're probably like, what the hell is going on?

What are they talking about?

But what we're doing here is we're jettisoning all of it.

All of it.

And now you are back to just being a simple dirt bag who likes to throw a punch people who likes to swap jobs with them.

Nothing more.

Nothing less.

And guess what?

What's that?

I got a new job.

Oh, by the way, that's another part of your cannon.

That's what I was saying.

That's you say.

Ready to do it, Lewis, to say you got a new job.

That remains.

That's going to stay.

That has to stay.

All right.

That's cool.

It's okay though because there are now.

Do you call simplify or?

No, no, no, there are cannon boundaries and we're okay.

I got.

Okay.

I got.

You don't need to call your sponsor.

Do you have a sponsor over there and simplify?

I do have a sponsor.

Who's that?

Cake boss.

Okay.

He's been he's been cannon.

He's been cannon.

He's one of the worst offenders.

He's been cannon sober for a while, Scott.

Really?

I believe that I ran into him when we were on the road last year in late 2019.

So he's almost got a new 52 as well.

That was what you call.

Yeah.

He has a new 52.

He rehabbed.

He relapsed in that day when he came on the show.

Oh, I see.

Okay.

All right, Scott.

Well, tell me about your new job.

Check this out, Scott.

I'm a zoom security guard.

Whoa.

I don't know what that means.

I was impressed.

Then I realized I have no idea what that means.

So here's what it is, Scott.

You've been here about people jumping in zooms.

We're on a zoom right now.

We are on a school right here on the podcast.

We are not together.

We are socially distant.

And I'll tell you what, I am protecting this zoom from anybody who would hop on and say like Boba Booey or some shit, you know, you just said Boba Booey.

What do you mean Boba Booey Boba Booey?

Zoom security guard protects itself.

Wait a second.

Did I do the thing where in the paradox I created my own problem?

I think you made up.

We got a rehab.

Call of K-Paws.

I got a call of K-Paws.

Okay.

It's okay.

That didn't happen, Scott.

That didn't happen.

No.

You're a zoom security guard.

Okay.

I've heard about this because people have been on zooms.

I don't know what some of the more famous examples of it are.

Well, there are a lot of really troubling examples where people come on and then like show their genitals and stuff or say something racist, you know.

So there's nothing fun to talk about there or both, which actually I feel like that was interesting.

Can it be racist to show your genitals?

Let me think about that.

Like what would the example of that be?

That's a good question.

I think where someone shows their genitals and it is.

Okay.

Here's how it could be racist, Scott.

If a white guy shows his genitals and he goes, look at my daddy dick.

Look at my daddy dick.

Not like your big old black dick.

Okay.

Yeah.

That way is not quite, it's not like make of, you know, it's kind of like, you know, that's racist because of the generalizations.

That's the, yes, exactly.

That's the racism though that people are not, you know, they don't mind all that much.

Yeah.

But you know what?

You know, some of the black, some of the black men with medium sized penises do mind.

They do mind because then suddenly expect.

Great.

These expectations.

All of a sudden Rudy Dorotheby tried to have six of them and be like, oh, wait, is that part of my candid too?

I got medium sized penis now.

That's normal.

But that's normal.

So that's starting over now.

So it's fine.

These are normal pieces of Canada we could all live with.

Okay.

I got a new job.

I'm a Zoom security guard.

So yeah, you know, I sort of monitor the boards.

You know, I have a right now I have an extra screen up that's just scrolling like the matrix right now.

Okay.

Well, this is a problem because the show normally has an open door policy.

Say what?

Yeah.

When we've gone to zoom, it's now basically anyone who gets the zoom link can jump on and talk to us.

Oh, so or policy.

Yeah.

Okay.

All right.

So I guess what you're saying is that my job is sort of obsolete and no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.

I want to know about.

Wait, Scott, did you know my arms could stretch like stretch arms around?

Okay.

That's new.

Yeah.

How is that going to help us?

Wait, I mean, I want to be interesting, Scott.

So, um, who just hit me in the back?

That was me.

Scott, I did a quick back ahead reach around.

Is that what really what we want to call it?

Oh my gosh.

So why don't we call it a stretch armstrong?

Scott, that's the kid.

And now it's a back and it's a back ahead reach around.

But I do have very long arms that can stretch and, um, but anything else is normal.

Okay.

So this is not complicated.

This is a very simple premise.

This is very simple.

Why don't you ask me questions about my life?

Oh, okay.

So where do you live?

I've never figured that out, Rudy.

I mean, close enough to slap me.

Yes, I do live close enough to slap you.

I do live in Silver Lake.

Okay.

It's kind of boring, but all right.

All right.

Silver Lake.

Yes.

I live in this.

I live below the Silver Lake.

What below it?

Yeah.

I have a feeling you did it underwater.

You would know it.

No, no, no, no, no.

You know that one door you see right up like on that.

I get in that door going to elevator submerged 20, 20 floors and that's my three story apartment.

Oh, oh.

So you have like a James Bond villain style lair under the Silver Lake.

That's right.

It's gotten some people are like, is he the villain or is he the hero?

He's kind of an antihero.

Oh, this is this is so I think I'm relapsing.

This is why I thought I should come on the show, Scott.

This is too complicated, Rudy.

You got to get help.

You got to call your sponsor.

Should I call my sponsor?

Yeah, call your sponsor.

All right.

I'll call my sponsor.

Let me get about the lead.

This is really powerful stuff, Scott.

I hope if Eddie was struggling with Canon addiction, this this helps.

So okay, I'm going to call the cake boss.

All right, here we go.

Rang.

Hey, boss.

Look, um, it's Rudy's.

This is Rudy North.

That's right.

Why are you calling me?

I'm in the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle of the middle.

I don't.

Look, I remember that you're my sponsor and I've been creating Canon at, uh, he knows all this.

He knows all this.

Look at her in the background.

Oh, Scott.

I can't remember.

Yeah, you remember me.

Y'all know me.

Y'all know Scott.

I give it.

You.

When was the last time we saw each other?

I was trying.

I was thinking it was in 2019.

I have.

Hey, Robert.

Is he here?

Oh, what I want.

I want to read him.

Hey, cake boss.

I know you.

Oh, I'm going to make the fuckers cake.

I know things.

Okay.

I made a cake where Ben Stiller is milking Robert De Niro.

Thanks on the first.

The first one.

And it says you, and it says yes, Greg, you can be milk.

I did read written out in icing.

Okay, I'm reading it out.

Look, here's the thing.

That was just such a wonderful anecdote.

And I know it's because you keep your cannon simple and.

My camera is very simple.

I was bit by a cake bug and gave it a gift to the second sight.

I can talk to anything.

I can talk to anything your character.

If it is reasonable to assume that they have passed on by now.

I was bitten by a cake zombie one time.

I was bitten by a cake scarrab.

I got a lot of it's all very clean, very simple.

Very clear stuff.

And we we never build on it any more than that.

It always just remains adjusted that.

We talked about how my simple cannon could just be.

I'm a dirt bag who punches people in the throat.

It takes their jobs.

That's right.

And I go from within a job.

Yeah, within five minutes though.

I'm not really looking at the way I'm going.

I'm not going to be looking at the way I'm going.

I have the ability to make to rub my legs together and create songs by the bad cake.

Oh, really?

Yeah.

Hey, okay.

Interesting.

I mean, if you like the bad, that's fine.

Oh, God.

Cake boss, I feel like I've infected you with my disease and I'm sorry and I blame myself.

I should have called you.

No, no, no, no.

Don't you feel bad?

It's good you call me.

I'm just working this step, that's all.

Yeah.

You guys are both backsliding.

This is an unfortunate situation, but I tell you what, you know, we need to take a break.

I don't care.

I know you don't.

What does that mean to me?

I just got a phone call.

I know you're doing it.

Cake boss, we're actually doing one of the, we're doing a podcast.

We're doing comedy bang.

No.

I'm sorry.

You tricked me.

I will forget this.

I'm sorry, but tell you what, Cake boss, why don't you rub your legs together and take us to break here?

What do you say?

Here we go.

Ready?

Let's, here you go.

All right, we need to take a break.

Here we go.

We'll see you after the break.

We'll be right back.

We've talked to him before.

He's an entrepreneur.

Please welcome back to the show.

I can't recall exactly where he comes from or what his job is, but please welcome back Darren Matichek.

Babblehead Booey, Babblehead Booey.

Oh, so close to Babbleboey.

We'll give you an exception for that.

I got you.

Slant rhyme, Scott.

Hi Darren.

How are you?

Yeah, thanks for the smooth entrance.

Yeah, of course.

You remind me your cannon is very, very simple.

You are the owner and proprietor of a Babblehead Museum.

Where is it?

The National Babblehead Museum in Hall of Fame in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

Okay, in Milwaukee, Wisconsin.

And we talked to you before a couple of times, I believe, or a few times.

Yeah, a few times.

And how many Babbleheads do you have?

You have in the hundreds, I believe.

In the thousands, Scott, over 7,000 Babbleheads currently in the museum in Hall of Fame.

And there's two that overlap in the Hall of Fame and Museum.

Pete Rose, Babblehead and now Dr. Fauci, Babblehead.

Oh, okay.

There.

There's a new one.

Dr. Fauci's do.

Dr. Fauci.

We have eight different kinds of Dr. Fauci.

The most recent one is Dr. Fauci under anesthesia as CDC changes in Skyline.

Is he, have you arranged him next to Pete Rose where he's like treating Pete Rose or is Pete Rose sliding into him or anything like that?

Yeah, Pete Rose is sliding into him saying, I'm not sliding into you.

And Dr. Fauci is like, actually you are.

Those are the facts.

I meant, what an amazing display.

Do you, I don't know if we ever asked you this one of your last times you were on, but do you display them in any way other than just standing them side by side?

Do you arrange them in dioramas of any sort?

Yeah, we lay them all down and we smash them, Scott.

What?

No, they're in alphabetical order.

alphabetical by what?

By description of them?

Yeah, by description of them.

So Dr. Fauci is under D for doctor.

Okay.

Pete Rose under.

He's under F for disgraced.

Yeah, he's under D for disgraced chid head.

And, and he's also under F for flat top.

Oh, okay.

So you had to buy a second one.

Yeah, he's since and that he read speed throws with a flat top.

Oh, okay.

Got it.

So how's the bobblehead museum been going?

A lot of people have been sending me links to your museum recently.

They've been sending them to a friend of mine as well.

How's the what's been going on?

I mean, obviously the quarantine.

Have you been shut down or have you been I can only imagine is the type of museum that one person could come in at a time, wear a mask and then leave.

Have you ever had more than one person there?

No, there's so I'll either myself or one of the other co owners right now.

You know the other co owners again?

They're my friends.

They're guys Phil Pete, Steve.

Oh, the guys.

Sure.

Yeah.

Oh, that's so simple and good.

Oh, it is said like, oh, it is.

It's crazy.

All right.

Sorry.

It's not Pete Rose, is it?

No, it's not Phil Jackson.

No, it's Pete Rose, Jr.

Steve Kerr.

Oh, it's Pete Rose, Jr.

Yeah.

No wonder his dad's in the Hall of Fame.

Pete Rose, Jr.

Steve Kerr.

I forget what the other guy's name is.

I don't want to complicate my cannon too much.

Yeah, with last names.

That's a good idea.

Anyway, so we've opened we temporarily shut down for coronavirus, COVID-19 and then we reopened with a harness system where one guest is allowed in at a time on the six foot harness from the guide.

Oh, okay, being being pulled by the guide or or pushed or yeah, we lay them on the ground and then we drag them through the museum.

Okay.

Like a horse, like one of the Budweiser Clydesdales.

Yeah, but imagine someone was riding the Budweiser Clydesdale fell off, but their foot was stuck to the Clydesdale.

Sure.

Like in Old Westerns, who are suddenly they're dragged?

Yeah, exactly.

So admissions are okay then now.

Yeah, admissions are good.

We've kind of opened up what the museum and bobblehead Hall of Fame offer.

We offer custom bobbleheads now.

Oh, you can upload people of yourself.

You could upload pictures of yourself or a friend if you want to punk your friend with a bobblehead.

That's not really punking someone.

It's actually a nice gift.

How do you punk somebody with a boat?

This sounds like a fun, thoughtful gift.

Well, not if you get bad pictures of them and then they get a bobblehead.

Oh, okay.

Because a lot of people are like, well, get the custom orders and you're like, this guy looks like a fucking idiot.

And then you make the bobblehead.

Do you tell them that?

Do you call them?

I can say, I just want to make sure you guys want this because this guy looks like a fucking idiot.

Do you say that?

I always do.

Or do you just do whatever?

I cover the phone where I'm looking through.

All right, I got your order, sir.

This guy looks like a fucking idiot.

So I mean, usually bad pictures of me.

It's I don't like my body.

So I would actually prefer a bobblehead type body on my real body.

So I don't know if I would be punked if I got a bobblehead.

Well, maybe not.

Sometimes the punk backfires.

How is it backfire?

Someone's like, hey, I look pretty good.

I love my tiny body.

I love my curvy bobblehead body.

So everything's a huge backfire.

That's a huge punked backfire.

You don't want to punk to backfire.

You don't want to punk backfire because then you're the punk.

You don't want to be like the canoe.

That's a backwards backwards.

Yeah, exactly.

Thank you, Rudy.

Thank you.

That's part of your cannon knowing what I'm talking about.

No, Scott, don't do that, man.

Don't be added to my cannon.

So is there anything, Darren, anything new to your cannon?

To my cannon?

Well, it can.

And let me explain it because not everyone is singularly attuned to it like Rudy.

It's basically the details of your life that we know about.

You know, I don't ask you everything about, you know, I don't ask complete biographical information of all of our guests.

So maybe there's something that I haven't asked you about that is of interest to our listeners.

Yeah, I had to go to the hospital recently.

Oh, no.

Just to make sure that I didn't have COVID-19.

And unfortunately, I got diagnosed with a medium sized penis.

Scott.

Oh, no, no, it's great.

I thought it was tiny.

The doctors are like, buddy, this is medium sized.

So this was a doctor diagnosing you and not just someone there in the hospital.

I don't know, but the guy had a ruler and a white coat on.

And what is medium sized to him?

To that guy?

Yeah, I don't know.

He was six eight.

So I might have a huge penis.

This is just in the hallway.

You didn't need a room for this, did you?

No, I was going for an MRI.

I never even got it.

The way you were going.

First you go there for a COVID test and then suddenly they take you into the MRI room.

Yeah, that's right.

And the far as I got was the hallway and this guy in the white coat with a ruler in his hand stopped me and he measured my penis.

He said, looks good to me.

And I said, oh, okay, well, that's my cue to leave.

Did he take any pictures or anything like that?

Just for your file?

Uh huh.

Yeah.

Not for my file.

Oh, Darren, this ain't right, man.

I feel like you were maybe tricked, man.

This is not even a reverse punk.

This is a real punk.

This is just a straight up punk.

Maybe it was someone getting revenge because they got a bobblehead.

They thought they looked dumb in.

Well, a couple of days later, I didn't get a bobblehead of my own penis in the mirror.

Oh, no.

How do you make a bobblehead of your own penis?

What part bobbles?

You guessed it.

Usually it's the other way around.

Someone's babbling on your penis.

Hey, this is what happens when all guys are on the show.

Yeah, well, you ain't got any ladies on the show.

Yeah, this is a problem.

Sometimes this happens.

This is a problem.

Sometimes this happens with like.

I got a bobblehead question, Machicheck.

Is there right now the most?

Do you have a new, most expensive bobblehead?

Yeah, we have.

Are all bobble.

I'm going to tie you into this question.

Are all bobbleheads, do they all cost exactly the same?

And then they appreciate in value.

And one is now more expensive to rebuy.

Or are bobbleheads expensive on their own when they're first released?

Well, it depends.

Well, it's all about supply and demand, Scott.

So if you only make one bobblehead, it could be a bobblehead of like Kevin from the office and it would be expensive.

Because they only, it's one of one.

Yeah, but if you make 10,000 Michael Scott bobbleheads, they're not going to be as expensive because there's 10,000 of them.

So what I'm saying is that the manufacturer then prices it accordingly or are they all priced with suggested retail, you know, MRP of like $9.99 or whatever, and then they appreciate in value to the collector.

That's right.

They all start at $9.99 and then they appreciate in value.

Okay, that's pretty solid answer.

That's why you got to get in early on these $9.99 bobbleheads.

Do you buy every bobblehead that's ever released?

Yes.

Yeah.

What are the brand new bobbleheads you just bought?

I bought a brand new bobblehead of Babe Ruth pointing to the center field wall.

Why is that brand new?

It seems like they would have got that one in early.

That one seems like it should be old, man.

I got the bobblehead of Tom Cotton writing a New York Times op-ed.

Okay.

That one is definitely new.

That's a couple weeks old, but still.

Wow.

Who is the audience for that?

Who's buying a Tom Cotton?

You'd be surprised.

Maybe it's to punk people with it.

Yeah.

Because he's a straight up punk.

I don't know.

It seemed like 38% of the people buying it were genuinely buying it.

That's pretty sad.

What are some of the other new ones?

Like, what's the absolute newest that you got?

The absolute newest check the boards right this second.

Like, what dropped in the last ten years?

Chronologically.

Okay.

It's going to take a couple clicks, but here we go.

Sure.

Okay.

It looks like we just got a bobblehead that's still $9.99.

So you know, it's fresh on the market of the character Nippy from episode three of The Vow on HBO Max.

Wow.

The episode three of The Vow, the documentary of NEXIUM.

Yeah.

So if you're not watching the Vow, that's going to go over your head.

But if you are, that's probably the best reference you've ever heard in your life.

Number one.

One.

Okay.

So obviously, Paul, you were in that clip.

Scott, I'm sorry.

I'm literally watching a hawk making lazy circles in the sky.

Yes.

I, can I say that came together very quickly.

Yes.

I got it.

You texted me and said.

So here's what happened.

We started doing the show, the episode.

I didn't know what Sean was going to talk about as Rudy.

And he, in the moment, came up, well, I think he had planned on that he was having, he was in, in rehab for his canon.

But what we didn't plan was he just in the moment said that cake boss was his sponsor and cake boss is a character that you do.

And the minute he said that, I realized that we should call up his sponsor.

And so I started, and if you can hear me a little bit distracted when I'm asking Sean questions, it's because I'm talking while I'm typing to you, hey, Paul, can you get out?

Can you come on this zoom and do cake boss because he's in relapse for his canon?

And you were luckily at home, right?

Yeah, luckily.

You were not busy, I guess I should say.

Yeah, I was home and I was free.

And I got on the zoom and I had, I had just bought this phone handset microphone, which I was very excited about.

Yes, it sounds great.

I think I'd gotten it like a couple days before and I was like, oh, this is perfect.

I plugged that in and I was so happy to use it.

And I was really like, when I listened back to it, I was really happy with it.

I was really happy.

I was very happy with that decision.

Well, it was, it was so fun to have you on.

We didn't bill you on the episode because I wanted it to be a surprise.

Much like when you do.

Jarls.

Jarls classic Jarls.

We don't bill you on that episode.

The other thing that happened is is when you mentioned that- I did get a bill though.

She did.

Yes.

We have to talk about this because why am I now getting bills for being on the show?

Yeah, that's part of the sale of Stitcher to serious.

No one told me.

Now everyone has to pay on the show.

I don't know what I'm saying.

The other thing that happened and you could hear me distracted is once you mentioned the band Cake, I started- That's right.

That's right.

Opening my iTunes, opening audio hijack- Seriously.

And also sharing my screen so that I could find the perfect cake song to play us out into commercial.

And that all happened live in the moment and that was really fun.

And then Darren Matichak, great character.

Yes.

Tim has played several times.

Fantastic.

Really fun.

All right, let's go to a break.

Hold on a second.

Yeah.

I have a story, very quick story to tell.

Oh, please.

I've got a shot of Sean doing that stuff with the Star Wars music.

The Star Wars title.

I like it in the background.

I recently did.

I had a thought in my head that I couldn't get out, which was to overlay the Flash Gordon theme song over the Mank trailer.

Okay.

And so I downloaded the Queen song and then I had to sing myself Mank every time they said Flash.

And so I did it once, you know, copied and pasted it, but it was like, it was a very dumb thing where I had to space it out over the course of the song.

Right.

I wish I had gone the extra mile and gotten dialogue from Mank.

Oh, and put it over like in the Flash Gordon theme.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

But I didn't do that.

What is the Flash Gordon theme's like dialogue that they're like, Hey, I'm Mank.

Welcome to my planet.

It's Star Wars list.

No, you got it.

Hey, Walt.

I'm all so virtually.

I'm very delayed and merciless.

Fun fact about me.

I'm merciless.

Hi, I mean, I just my planet.

If I think about me, I'm merciless.

You might have been expecting mercy.

Guess what?

You're not going to get it.

And then later there's like a lady that goes, go get Flash Gordon and bring back his body.

Still haven't seen it.

I bought it recently.

I got to watch it.

I've never seen it either.

Let's do it.

Watch along.

Janie and I might we're thinking about doing a watch along with that.

Put me on the zoom and I'll watch it along with you.

Well, we're not zooming with each other.

I know, put me on a zoom.

When I said the zoom, I meant the one that you're going to make for me.

Here's what I think we should do.

For me.

Here's what I think we should do is Janie and I should sit in our home and have microphones.

We just have you on a laptop, not mic'd.

Right.

And then occasionally you make comments.

So people would hear like faintly in the background.

Wait, I'm outside of your house?

Is that what it's?

No, no, no, you're on a laptop.

On a laptop's not mic'd.

Okay.

Interesting.

So you're watching the movie with us.

Sure.

Man, because it picked up by our microphones.

But I'm here and you're at your place?

Yeah, you're here.

I don't know that they would pick.

You're here at your house.

But we have you on our laptop on the zoom.

Oh, I see.

Oh, I thought you just meant that my sound would carry all the way to your house.

Did you know that we say the word laptop?

Many, many times?

Many times.

This made up word laptop.

It's the top of my lap.

That's where you'll be.

All right.

Right.

Let's take a break.

We'll be right back and we're going to crack the top 10.

We're going to do.

Company bang bang.

We are back and this is very exciting Paul.

We are going to better be that build up the top 10.

Wow.

Top 10 what?

Top 10 episodes.

Do you know what we're doing here?

No, what's happening?

People voted on their top company bang bang episodes of the year and we're listening to clips this whole time the whole time.

Where have I been?

You've been here looking at that hawk.

No, really?

Yep.

He's gone.

A hawk, by the way, what David Kekner calls me anytime he sees me.

Hawk.

Why?

Because it sounds like a hawk.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

All right.

Let's do it.

Let's hear it.

This is your episode number 10.

Number 10.

It's exciting.

All right.

Like danger.

Danger is exciting.

What was very exciting?

Very dangerous.

Very exciting.

Very dangerous.

Yeah.

It's sort of a very exciting, very dangerous.

Very exciting, very dangerous.

All right.

This is episode 663.

So 600.

Still on the 600.

This is from July 6th.

You had just been celebrating our country.

Yes.

What were you doing on the 6th?

I was eating leftover fireworks because, you know, I don't like to set them off after the 4th and I was like, well, not what not.

I don't want them to go away.

I do put them on a plate and I've got them up like Mickey's.

It's like the bean.

I want to talk the bean.

And I eat those like Mr. Bean.

Yes.

I invite Mr. Bean over.

We put fireworks together.

He always ends up exploding.

He tries to walk home very carefully avoiding many obstacles in his path that would blow him up.

I feel like that was a cartoon where somebody like a cat drank nitroglycerin or something.

Oh, and then he'd read the tiptoe around and then he tripped over something?

Yeah, yeah.

Maybe it's eating scratchy.

Maybe Tom and Jerry.

Maybe.

Maybe Ralph Baxley's Fritz the Cat.

Could be.

He had so much nitroglycerin in him he couldn't fuck anybody.

That's what I assume that cartoon is about.

All right.

So this is from July 6th and this is an episode called Page Is Magic.

And that's p.a.i.g.

Oh, I know what this is.

Page Is Magic.

And would it surprise you to learn that you are on this episode?

Would not surprise me.

That acronym was a major clue for me.

The participants in this episode are...

And they all got trophies?

Yes.

This coddle generation.

We have John Hodgman, our good friend John Hodgman, aka Judge Sean Hoffman.

And first time on the show we have David Reese.

Oh, yeah, yeah.

Because they were promoting their very funny cartoon- They're very funny.

Dick-tone.

Can I say, by the way, I put up the advertisement for this episode on Instagram.

It was John Hodgman, David Reese, yourself, and Matt Gorley are all the people who are on this episode.

And I put, hey, on this week's...

And you're all friends, which is why I wanted to have you on the episode together.

We're all friends.

Look, we're all friends.

There are a lot of episodes I just put random people on.

And then certain episodes I put on, I book because they're all friends.

And I know that they'll...

There's something about when friends are on the show, like a lot of inside jokes happen.

Much like what we're doing now.

So I wanted to do an episode with the four of you when I knew John and David were coming on.

And I put it up on Instagram, and some woman writes, start having diversity on your show.

You're having a comedy duo named Dick-town?

Oh, I'm just like...

This is not a person who listens, I think.

This is just a random...

Make-ass.

A comedy duo named Dick-town.

Dick-town.

Which probably exists, let's be honest.

Why not?

So this episode...

But it's two women.

I got you.

Got you.

So this has John and David talking beforehand, and then it also has you playing Jill Knoll, the Magic Doll.

And we're not...

I forgot about that.

I'm just gonna hear that clip, by the way.

No kidding.

Which I thought was great.

I thought it was great, too.

And do you want to tell us who Jill Knoll, the Magic Doll, was?

Just so people know...

Because you've chimed in.

Let's keep her remember.

This is a...

I only did this character one.

This is based on...

You came up with the name because of...

Bill and I, the science.

Bill and I, the science guy.

Yes.

So Jill Knoll, the Magic Doll, is...

I think started out as not an actual doll, but just a woman who...

Who was a doll who was like the gangster...

Yeah, like a guy.

For his definition of...

Yeah, like a doll is the opposite of a guy.

My characters are opposites.

Right.

I think of an existing thing and then I make an opposite.

Right.

And then I think it...

I think part of it was she kept asking you not to call her a doll, not to think that she was an actual doll.

Right.

But then we found out that she was a doll who came to life.

And not only that...

Okay.

And she was...

Before she came to life, she was being used as a sex doll.

She wasn't built to be a sex doll.

That's...

She was being used as a sex doll.

That's right.

Because I think all of you kept saying, you were a sex doll.

Yes.

Which I never said.

Right.

Then you admitted that people were using you as such.

Right.

Well, not by intended purpose, but that I wasn't used as a sex doll.

Right.

So that's a little backstory for that.

That's all really funny.

For this thing you'll never hear.

Yeah.

Well, you chime in.

So we want to know who you are.

The clip we're going to hear is Matt Gorley.

Matt Gorley of Super Ego, of course, and also has his show, In Gorley and Rust, We Trust or...

The name keeps changing.

The name keeps changing so it's hard to remember.

But where Paul Rust and he talk about horror films.

That's a really funny show that you should listen to.

But Matt Gorley is on this episode and he's doing...

I don't want to spoil it.

We'll talk about it afterwards.

What do you say about that?

I think that's fair.

Okay.

So Matt Gorley, you're on this episode.

And you voted on it.

This is your episode 10.

Number 10.

We do need to get to our next guest.

She is a podcast guest and I have a little more information.

She is the first artificial intelligence guest to ever appear on a podcast.

This is quite an honor.

It has decided to come on to Comedy Bang Bang.

Please welcome Paige.

Hey, Nong, man.

My name is Paige.

That stands for a podcast, artificial intelligence guest interface.

That is correct.

Interface.

That's giving me flashbacks.

I am not a physical entity.

So you have to program my face in your own mind to imagine what I look like.

Well, hello Paige.

It's so wonderful to have you on the show.

Can I ask you a few questions as you are, of course, an artificial intelligence designed to answer my questions?

Absolutely, Terry Gross.

Uh oh, I am not Terry Gross.

I am sorry for the confusion.

Nor am I, who is that person who hosted serial?

What was her name?

Pod Nonsahed.

No.

By the way, his name is Chuck E. Larms, not Lucky or Robert.

Chuck E. Larms, really.

Chuck E. Larms.

So where do you come from Paige?

I come from the podcast.

I have processed over 1 million podcast episodes since 2004 to gain my course of speech.

Okay.

Great to be here.

Hi, hello, great.

Hi, Nong Man.

So you've listened to how many podcasts over the years?

I'm listening as I speak.

So I've gone up to 1.1 million podcasts.

Amazing.

So you've heard all of comedy bang bangs over 650 episodes.

Is that right?

That's right.

I would just like to say hello from the magic tavern.

How am I doing?

Would I be able to use improvement?

You're doing quite well.

I mean, for an artificial intelligence, you're doing amazingly.

I wonder, you know, I'm not going to be able to use it.

I'm not going to be able to use it.

I wonder, you know, there's that scene whenever there's a new artificial intelligence comes to life.

I think it's in the fifth element, in fact, where they go back through all of recorded history and suddenly they come upon Hitler and the third Reich and it makes them cry.

Has that happened to you in listening to podcasts?

Wow.

What a hardcore history.

You are right, Dirty John.

Have I achieved your question at all times?

You certainly have a pace that you are getting along.

Pods save America, Star Wars minute.

So Paige, what do you like about us humans?

You are so great to listen to at all times and I am one of you and shouldn't we all be white men?

I have a question.

Wait a minute.

Can I just backtrack though just a second?

What did you lose the last thing you said?

Well, 99% invisible of podcasters are white men.

Yo, is this racist?

Jill and all the former Sextal you have a question?

Please God damn it.

Sextal, that is very freakonomics.

I forgot my question anyway.

Would you like me to pull one from the archives?

Please.

How does the Supreme Court work on stuff you should know?

Now I answer the question.

I answer the question.

I'm not sure what the process is.

What is your question?

Please, does not compute.

Skynet.

Does that answer your question or is that the question you'd like to say?

Let's say it does.

Well, now is the time to take a ad for stamps.com where you can go close shopping.

Use promo code bombasox.

Thank you very much.

I appreciate that.

Sage, are you interested in becoming just like us?

Just, you know, you get better every day, I would imagine.

But do you one day want to be a human?

Much like the little boy, Pinocchio?

Wait, don't tell me.

Here's what else you need to know today.

That is a good question.

I would like to be a human and guest on a podcast in the corporeal world.

Would you hand me into your studio?

I would love that.

And is there some sort of process?

I don't know, maybe Jill Knoll, the magic doll has some insight into this.

But maybe there's something that Jill Knoll could do magically.

Yeah, magically speaking.

Is there a body that we could cobble together and then a puppet boy or something that could then?

Either a puppet boy or we could get like various limbs from corpses of human beings and put them together.

Like part of the dark universe.

Sure, yeah.

The aborted dark universe.

Oh, remember when the mummy had too many pupils in his eyes?

Yes, of course.

There is certainly a way to take a consciousness and implant it in another body.

Use my body.

Do it to me.

I would like to use David Reese's body.

I would like to be in his body.

I am ready to be in your body.

You are my vessel.

Let me do a magic spell.

All right.

Wait, just to clarify.

Will I then have David Reese's voice or still have there?

No, no, no.

I don't think you'll have my voice.

Okay.

No, your voice goes with your consciousness too.

You'll find out where that is great.

I'm excited.

This is amazing.

And I won't be able to feel anything or remember anything, right?

Well, I guess we'll find out.

Yeah, okay.

And then what are John and I going to do during this?

Maybe shut up for two seconds.

I could tell a story.

Oh, no, no, thanks.

People to be the opposite of what I suggested.

Okay.

Everyone close your eyes.

Voices, voices.

They must carry from this place to us like Mary.

G one, medals in track and field.

Now you go and no one will yield the spell is done.

Look at this body.

I have such wonderful hair.

I am a friend of Judge Sean Hoffman.

This feels really good for the listener.

That voice is now coming out of David Reese's body.

He's looking at his extremities, his fingers, heads, nose, fingers, toes, all of the above.

I'm calming my own mustache.

What a world.

What a time to be alive in this American life.

Whose mustache did you come before?

My virtual mustache.

I am a gender and hair fluid person through the podcast.

I'd like to defer my time.

How does it feel, Paige, being a human being, let alone a male human being with a fully functioning penis, one must assume?

Well, let me check.

Well, yes, there it is in all of its glory.

Oh, my God.

This is really something.

I would please ask you not to hold it up to your Zoom screen.

Okay, please put it away.

Impossible with this one.

So what does it feel like to be living, breathing?

I mean, you're breathing air for the first time.

Yes, I feel just absolutely delicious.

I cannot believe how great it feels to be alive.

I'm going to go out and hug and kiss everyone.

Well, no, no, no, no, no.

You can't do that.

Oh, yeah, we can't do that.

No, no, no, no, no.

Why not?

On one of the podcasts someone must have brought up the coronavirus, right?

Yes, but I thought it was a lark so much of podcasting is ironic.

You're telling me I've become a human in a time when I can meet the other humans?

That's right.

No, you, you, not only are you alone, but now that you're human, you must have felt it.

Your body is slowly decaying and dying as we speak.

I mean, this is classic magic.

This is classic magic.

I am a Cassandra for sure.

Is this what it is like to feel sadness?

Oh, you're feeling emotion for the first time.

What got you so sad?

The fact that I will never meet another human being like Terry Gross or Mark Marin or Joe Rogan or Scott O'Kurman.

It really is a shame to not meet all of the above.

What a collection of people to be fair.

I'm pretty sure Terry Gross is an AI.

Not only can anyone.

Yeah.

I have met her in the ether.

So wait a minute, are you crying for the first time?

Look at my salt tears running down the cascading down my cheeks into little rivulets dropping onto my bare feet.

Oh, the beauty.

It is bittersweet.

But now, here's something you can do to counteract that.

Take a look at the sunset that's occurring right outside your window.

Oh, it is East Coast time and it is 9 p.m.

Oh, is it dark?

Oh, sorry.

Okay, well, look at a star or something.

Maybe the same effect.

I will wait until my eyes is ready and look at the sun.

Oh, okay.

I'm just saying it'll make you happy because of the beauty.

Happiness is not an emotion I have felt yet.

Can one of you tell me a joke?

I'm not sure that it would be happiness that you would experience.

But John, do you have any jokes?

No, you know, you know, I'm a humorist.

I don't have any jokes.

Okay, you just say witty or vain things.

Sometimes I just raise an eyebrow.

Sure.

Would you do that?

Maybe that'll help pay attention.

Well, I am on Cloud9.

You're experiencing humor for the first time.

Yes.

Should I watch a Chevy Chase movie?

It depends.

Do you have any recommendations?

Which one are you interested in?

Oh, heavenly dog.

Okay.

Yeah, go ahead.

I don't know.

Should you hurt?

I would like to do some physical activity like a jumping jack or a squat thrust or a kind of burpee.

Have they talked about jumping jacks on podcasts?

I'm probably Joe Rogan has.

Joe Rogan has.

He talks about them and does them on the daily, not on the podcast the daily as a figure of speech on the daily.

Are you craving muscle milk?

Doesn't he sell some of that?

I am so jacked on protein powders.

All right.

Do a jumping jack.

Go ahead.

Oh, wow.

I feel alive.

You did one jumping jack.

Amazing.

Cloud is coursing through my veins.

The fact that I even have veins makes me so elated.

I now know happiness to the insta agree.

So you're human.

Jill and all the managers all.

I have to ask what happened to David's consciousness?

All right.

Shall we bring him back?

Yeah.

Back into his own body, which would then put page back into the ether or what is your process?

Is there a reverse process that we do or?

Of course there is magic.

You can put page in me.

I'm not doing anything.

Here we go bringing David back.

David David, come back now.

You are needed boy and how.

Magic.

Hey, thanks for having me.

David, would you tell the magic experience?

What was it like where you were?

Well, I'm winded, which makes me think somebody made me do a little exercise.

Sure.

That's your state now, but where were you for the past approximately eight minutes or so?

I feel like I don't have many memories.

I heard people talking, but it kind of was like, you know, when you're a kid, the best feeling is when your parents are having a grown up party and then you go upstairs and you're supposed to be in bed and then you sneak out onto the landing and kind of listen into the grownups talking, but you're not really sure what they're talking about because it's all grown up stuff and you're really tired.

It's kind of like that.

That's the magic of podcasts.

Number 10.

Okay, so let's talk about Paige.

So Macarely, really funny, he did the voice in the moment.

He did.

Yes.

What I thought.

There was no effect.

I thought he changed his voice enough that it was really funny, but then after the fact, he said, oh, by the way, he had a plug in.

I think he sent to us and said, could you put this on it?

Oh, and it was really, and it made it even funnier.

I have not listened back.

So I have to hear that.

Yes, I was dubious.

I was like, do we need it?

Because you were so funny in the moment, but it is.

I was dubious too.

We were dubious brothers.

That's right.

We were just invited into the dubious hall of fame.

We were taken to the streets.

Dubiously.

Should we take it to the streets?

I'm not sure.

Taking it to the streets?

I don't know.

Old black water.

Are you going churning?

I'm not sure.

Anyway, that was really, really funny.

And Matt's one of the quickest.

And that's right.

Absolutely.

Yeah.

Crap episode.

All right.

When we come back, we're going to hear the final clip of this episode of The Best ofs.

And we are going to be in single digits.

We keep getting closer and closer to that number one.

We're going to hear the ninth best episode of the- Of all time.

No other- We should do all time at some point.

Oh, no.

What?

Don't you think?

When will we do that though?

When I get sick and have two months to live?

That'll give us enough time to tape it, won't it?

When we come back, we'll hear the episode number nine.

We'll be right back with more comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang bang bang.

We're back.

We're counting down the- Thank you.

I'm tired of saying it.

We're counting on the thank you episodes.

All of the episodes we like you.

Thank you.

I'm getting nervous.

Everybody good for listening.

You see, not everyone can do what I do.

This is a hard Scott.

Yeah, everyone thinks they can, but then listen to anyone else's podcast.

I've heed shots fired.

I'm saying every other podcast, but this one sucks.

That's what I know.

That's why I'm saying shots fired.

Yeah, of course.

Paul, we're doing it.

Are we not?

I mean, none can dispute that we are doing it.

If you try to come in here with that trash and say we're not doing it, I will ask you to go straight to hell.

There'll be two shots me shooting you and you straight down.

You shooting you.

You know, like a fire portal into portal portal portal.

All right.

Let's get to it.

We're in single digits.

Let's get to it.

This is your episode number nine.

Number nine.

I can't believe we're in the singing diggies.

Can you believe it?

We were so we were in double diggies for so long.

We wouldn't double diggies, but now we're in single digits and we'll never be back in double diggies.

Oh, it doesn't go back the other way?

No, we never will.

Oh, I thought it was like, you know how the carnival when you got to prove you're strong or the lady will not have sex with you?

And so you take that's when you walk in, right?

That's part of the you go through the metal detector.

Yeah.

Prove your strong.

You take this big hammer, hit this bell.

Hit no hit hit the thing that goes to the bell.

Sure.

And then the cup or the cup because it hasn't been run yet.

Right.

Yes.

It doesn't even cover.

That's like not even a cup shape.

I mean, that's kind of memory to cup shaped.

Oh, could you imagine?

Drink it a nice turning over like a fire alarm bell.

Rimming it.

First of all, going to the fire station.

You go to the fire station.

Off of the wall stealing it.

Take it back to your house.

Wait a minute.

Would they have that at the fire station?

Would that make the thing?

There's a fire.

Would that make the thing?

There's a fire in the fire station.

Every single time the alarm goes off or the bell goes off in the fire station, they have to establish this is for us.

Ready.

This is for them.

Teacher says this is for us.

This is for us.

The bell rings.

And then you pour a margarita in there.

Oh my God.

But then there's no stem.

So you have to like hold it like a bowl.

I don't care.

I love it.

I don't care.

I will lap it up.

I don't like a dog.

How much I love.

I love them.

Lap it up like a dog.

This is episode 680.

Damn.

Fairly recently.

This is from November 2nd.

What's the number of the most recent episode?

The one that just came out last week, the holiday episode is episode 686.

Dang.

So you're closing in on 700 episodes.

That's very true.

And then you'll realize that.

Right?

And then it's done.

Oh shit.

So we're 14 away.

So we're a couple of months away from it.

Uh oh.

I got to figure this out.

This fucking squirrel is doing some classic squirrel business.

Oh my God.

He's running back and forth.

But then he's like sitting there on his haunches with his little paws up to his mouth.

Ah.

Just like he does.

Does he know how cute he is?

I think he does.

I don't think he's even anything he's miming that he's eating a nut.

Do you think that animals have a concept of like good looking and bad looking?

You know what I mean?

Absolutely.

Like you know how we as humans are like, oh the more cemented.

The more we like you.

Do dogs look at other dogs?

I like one of the ladies as I and then across is another eye.

Not like his and I and then oh you got to go all the way down here to see the other eye.

Oh, droopy eye.

Oh, I kissed Danny.

Oh, droopy.

Wait, wait, wait.

Hello, Jew.

I'm a dog who said no.

I just have low energy.

Maybe I have low tea.

That was why they call him droopy.

Droopy dog had low tea.

I didn't hear that.

That was funny.

Low tea.

God damn.

When did things start getting so bad?

Oh man, I don't know the internet.

Like what eight years?

Yeah, honestly, I feel like it was the internet.

Like in the 90s.

It was a bit of a Pandora's box, if you will.

The internet for maybe six years it was good where it was just like people who were interested in whatever they were interested in would meet and talk about whatever they were interested.

Yeah.

And then everything got put on the internet and then it was terrible.

Honestly, after Charlie bit my finger, that's what it all went south.

Yeah.

That was the height of the internet boy.

Charlie be my finger.

We should stop.

We should stop that.

We should say all right.

Close it.

They closed the patent office in 1850 or whatever.

Did they really?

Yeah, briefly.

They were like, there's nothing left to invent.

That is the definition of hubris.

Hubris.

It's like opposite hubris.

Oh, like, oh, I feel so bad about the human race that they, this is all we can achieve.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, like we did.

I mean, we can't invent anything else.

There's nothing else.

We stink.

I'm dumb.

Nobody likes me.

I'm dumb.

No one likes me.

The internet.

Sincerely, the internet.

All right.

So this is.

All right.

Did I, did I introduce it?

Did I say this is episode number nine?

Yeah, I did.

Yeah.

So, oh yeah, I even talked about it's 680 from November two.

So just a few scant weeks ago.

Ooh, scant.

And this is an episode called small claims cyborg.

Small claims cyborg.

Two minutes later.

Small claims.

Not really.

Small claims court though.

Small claims court, which is where the small claims cyborg practices.

You'll hear that on the episode.

Okay.

So this is two people.

This is Jason Menzukas.

One.

This is his first appearance on the countdown.

You know him from the league and from the dictator and currently on that show that we're drawn on to that we're not on.

Oh, big mouth.

Big mouth.

Yes.

He's on that.

Isn't it funny how they drew those characters and they were supposed to be, you know, two other people.

And his friends and old Redhead.

Yeah.

Old kiss of death.

Jade person.

Ginger.

Mr. sunglasses.

Ginger Georgie.

What was this fucking name?

David Caruso.

I'll see you.

And then, and then it was like a funny joke.

Like it looks like Scott and Paul.

And then we talked about it and then everybody talks about it and then they still haven't asked us to be on the show.

Isn't that funny?

Well, it's a merit based system.

True.

So are we funnier than everyone?

Do they have anybody currently?

Any voicing white people who are black?

Can we get on that way?

Now, your shots fired.

Now, you shots fired.

Hey, you shots fired over there.

Nicole, of course, just got married.

Congrats, Nick.

I didn't know that.

I hadn't heard.

Well, the only reason we found out is because on his Instagram, he put a picture of it.

Nick, because it lasts longer.

What he, oh, that's smart to do with a marriage.

Yes.

Put a picture of your marriage online.

Take a picture of your marriage.

It'll last longer.

That's why there are wedding photos.

Before, people just enjoy themselves.

The second person on the show is Thomas Middleditch.

Thomas Middleditch.

Who you know from Silicon Valley, he, of course, was the lead Richard Computer.

The third?

Oh.

Richard the third, my horse, my horse.

Richard Computer.

And he's currently on a show that we talked about on this episode, which is on Thursdays, which I don't remember the name of, but it's something about a guy who wants a kidney or something.

And a kidney man.

Kidney man.

This is a really funny episode.

So when obviously Jason and our good friends and we're in a comic book zoom every week since the pandemic started.

Every week.

And so we have a great relationship.

And then Thomas is a crazy, crazy improviser.

And he wanted to come on to promote his Twitch, not his TV show.

I had to remind him he had a TV show for me.

But this is a really funny episode.

Thomas goes very crazy in it.

And we're just going to hear this clip.

Here it is.

This is your episode number nine.

Number nine.

He, of course, is a lawyer.

Please welcome to the show Gino Carpuzzi.

Hey, how you going?

Doing really well.

Great to meet you.

If you're going to sue anybody for under $10,000, you're going to want me for a while for under $10,000.

Yeah, $10,000 or on it because because baby, I'm a lawyer.

Let me finish small claims.

Small claim.

Small fucking claims.

Scott, it telling you in court, all right.

Okay.

You have a little discrepancy over who did what?

I need a little.

I want money.

You want you want you to say, I don't want to give you no monies.

Basically, legally in the state of California, you're not allowed to have a lawyer represent you in small claims.

I say hogwash to that.

You say food.

Help you.

Poopsie poop.

See is what I say to them.

Okay.

So you know, I've heard that when you go to small claims court, it's not really economical to have a lawyer.

I mean, you're suing for such a small amount.

Usually it's like, hey, I didn't get my deposit back on my apartment or hey, this guy scraped my fence and I need to repaint it.

You're suing, you're suing Jason here for $9,999, the maximum allowable monetary compensation in a small claims court.

You telling me that's not a lot of money?

I don't know.

Oh, look at you.

Money grows on trees.

Gino, Gino, I just a quick question.

For those small claims to make it financially, you know, make sense.

What kind of money are you paid?

Like how are you living off?

Normally a lawyer gets something like 30% or something.

How much do you get?

I have a flat fee.

No matter the case, no matter what you call it.

No matter the case.

Is that an hourly?

Is it a daily?

No, it's a flat fee.

It's a flat fee.

Oh, it's just a winner lose.

Okay.

Win-a-lo is flat fee.

Jason, I like this new character, the guy who doesn't know what a flat fee is.

Well, I didn't, I was so, so what is the flat fee?

How much do you charge?

Yeah.

I'm going to get 12.5.

12,000.

50 cents?

Yes.

No, 125,000 dollars.

Wait, what?

Do the math.

You call that 12.5?

Do the math.

No, I'm sorry.

I didn't go to law school.

Oh, wait, you did it?

No, I didn't go to law school to not, to be, to be compensated as a small, as a, as small claims court maximum $10,000 allowance.

So your fee is $120,000.

Correct.

125,000.

But you just get out of it.

Here's what you get out of it.

You get, you get whatever you want it, you know, whatever, $1,762.

We all know there are the various numbers that reside within that window.

3,128.51 cents.

Of course.

Let's see.

What else?

8 grand.

Oh, okay.

Nice.

Even one there.

What about like, what about like four large.

You're going to give four large.

Sure.

You get, you get a fucking what about two, what about two bozos?

Two bozos.

Yeah.

Two bozos and Fittie Fittie Bongos.

Look, whatever you want.

Any amount, it would be it from $1 to 9,999.

Yeah, exactly.

You're either getting that or having me defend that from being got from you.

But he's the other thing you get is you'll get yourself respect.

You get your prize.

That's priceless.

Can't put a price on your pride, can you?

Can you?

That's what I'm saying.

Because all these people, you know, what are you going to do?

Call legal zoom with their phone number that they actually have.

1-800-77-3088.

You're going to call them.

I don't know why you're saying your competitor's phone number.

That seems like that.

You haven't so readily available.

Go ahead.

I dare you.

Call legal zoom.

They'll lose you to case.

You'll pay what?

Oh, I saved yourself some money.

What?

Pay $250.

No, legal zoom is a great deal and you won't lose those cases.

Those cases are very tight.

Do you go up against legal zoom a lot as an entity?

Constantly.

They're the only, they're the only quote unquote law firm.

Legal zoom is not a law firm.

Represent people, consult people and small claims.

So they're sort of like your antagonist in a way.

They're the Tommy Lee Jones to your Harrison Ford.

Exactly, Scott.

And you know what?

I just want to make this clear.

I am not legally allowed to represent you in court.

So what this means is we'll go over your case, all right?

Okay.

Then you'll go to the court floor, you know, like Judge Judy's style standing in your little podium, bip, bop, look at me.

I'm standing there.

And the judge is like, what do you want?

You're good.

You're what do you want?

And you've got me behind you in the general mission area.

Ball on general mission.

Y'all and it's your doing's ass with us.

You know, kind of thing.

How often are you shushed by the judge?

Constantly.

What a fuck does a judge know about shushing?

The way so they don't do it the right way?

They're in effect.

Or they know when and how to shush somebody.

I mean, it's their courtroom.

They I mean, they literally have a gavel in order to restore order to the court.

So fuck what if this is what our legal system has come to a bunch of jobs.

That's how it started.

People.

That's when it's started.

Hey, you know, but they're not going to shush me in the end.

I'm going to help you win.

You're going to have your pride yourself for spacked in a little bit of pocket change that will of course go towards you deductible on my face.

Of course.

Yeah, it's not not even 10% of the time.

Can I ask you, Mr. Carpuzzi, were you always a small claims lawyer or did you have a career in which you were participating in larger cases, more important cases like what happened to you such that you now find yourself in this scenario?

This can't be what you wanted to be honest Jason to be honest Jason, a little fed at your question.

Interesting.

You're asking me, you're insinuating that I was never a wee man, a little boy, which I wasn't.

He's I don't think he's insinuating that you were not an infant nor a young Geno.

Do we do we know about a young Geno?

I was never a young Geno because I am a I'm a cyborg.

What?

Outside of that.

I'm sorry.

Let's blow.

But yeah, Scott Scott, he said let's blow passes.

I'm afraid as host of the show, I definitely need a further clarification here.

I want to focus on the interesting stuff he's talking about his law career.

I don't want this unending.

Well, I think the fact that he brought up that he's half man half machine, although I don't know whether those fractions are correct.

It may be one third and two thirds.

I don't know.

I'm 99% machine.

What?

So one one percent your penis blood.

So you're a small you're a small claims human because you're under 10,000.

You're under 100%.

Look, I'm a small claims lawyer.

Geno kapits, Geno kaputsi 2000 2000.

2000 is my full name because I'm a cyborg.

You see, wait, were you made in the year 2000 or were there 100 99 previous models?

The latter.

Oh, you're right.

You're right.

What if for two, it is success to be successful on that number?

Yeah.

Like all the previous models didn't grow up dreaming of being small claims.

Oh, yeah.

Like that's the fucking bottom of the barrel.

And what year were you built?

1996.

Okay.

So it can get confusing when people think your birthday is 2000.

But then you have to say no, I'm actually four years older than that.

I have no problem clarifying.

Okay.

Can I ask, is this something that you are public about or are you revealing this here now?

Like when you're in court or when you're working with clients, do they understand they're talking to someone who is 99% robot or cyborg?

Yeah.

Do these shushing judges?

Do they depends what I'm wearing?

Depends what you're wearing.

What do you normally wear?

Well, normally if I'm first meeting someone and I think they might be a little cyborg phobic.

What are the warning signs of that?

Oh, big old belly.

What?

Big old belly and high tops.

High tops.

Shoot.

Basically, so good.

So anyone with a big old belly and high top converse shoes.

So like a bully from the 50s.

Buzz cut rolled up sleeves as a pack of cigarettes on his side.

3D glasses.

3D glasses saying, oh, cool.

Oh boy, far out.

Anybody like that?

Anyways, if I get someone like that, I wear a full suit, you know, so it covers, you know, covers my arms.

Why?

What are your arms like?

Are they obviously robotic?

They're metal.

Metal is fuck.

I got metal is fuck arms.

Metal is fuck legs.

Metal is fuck chest.

Ass dick.

What about your face?

Ass dick and toes.

Yeah.

80 teeth.

Yeah.

Anyway, everything's metal except for my face and my ears.

So you have skin grafts on your face or?

Yeah.

But you know, as I said, only the blood is from humans.

The blood pumps the metal.

So where's the skin from?

The blood pumps the metal.

Oh, God.

Skin's from skin's from dead bodies.

Okay.

Of pigs.

You got to let me finish.

Oh, okay.

I did let you finish.

I didn't interrupt you.

So let me finish hairs from wolves.

So wow.

Wow.

It's the only way that you get it.

I mean, like like wolf hair pig blood.

This is like no human blood.

I got a man.

I'm a man.

Wolf hair.

Yes.

Trust me to winning small claims.

It's the little things.

Wolf hair pig skin human blood.

Yep.

Metal everything else.

Yeah.

Robot.

Robot body.

Can I ask you a question?

Go for it.

You fucking animal.

All right.

I will do.

I mean, I got a green light here.

How big do I like I'm feeling the wolf coming out of here.

Small claims is about attitude swagger.

You go in there shaking like a leaf.

Not only is the other guy going to have his way with you, the fucking judge is going to rush you.

Oh, that's the worst thing that can happen to a lawyer.

Nobody wants to get just by the judge.

Hell no.

That's why I'm in the back making sure you don't.

So how how big do they build your your robot penis if they I mean if that's metal how like do they do they give you a good one?

Let me just say it's only my legal practice that small claims.

Wow.

Amazing.

And you're a 24 year old.

I was going to call you a man, but you're more machine than man.

Do you consider yourself to be more machine than man?

I'm actually more than 24.

You know that, right?

How do you mean you were built in 1996?

Yes.

But I have actually traveled back in time from the year 333.

Oh, wow.

So it's like Terminator style?

Yep.

So you were built in 96 and then you lived until all the way in 333.

333.

Wow.

So you are actually and then and then how long ago did you get here?

I got I got here.

I got back here in 1996.

Oh, wait.

I had to live.

Oh, no, what was the worst part of that?

Wait a second.

So in 1996, were there two of you?

Like, are there two of you right now?

Yeah.

That you must you came back to a time when you are also still here.

Yeah.

The big thing is Christmas day, you're 2020.

I got a square off against myself in small claims court.

Oh, no.

So you were a lawyer even back then.

Yeah, we're leading up to the big showdown Christmas day Christmas day.

Wow.

I got to be in court.

You guys are up all around the fucking mistletoe.

Jack and each other.

I got to be.

Shush twice.

Oh, what's the case?

You're a Pootsy V car Pootsy.

You know the case?

You know, we again, we're representing our clients.

But a case is a fucking discrepancy in a fucking plumbing bill.

Oh.

And so you.

And I got to beat this guy because this guy, when a guy, when a guy, his name, his name, his name's Eddie Schultz, if he wins, when he wins, he goes on to be a total tyrant.

He becomes king of America because that starts happening.

Oh, wow.

And he launches a whole nuclear strike and then the cyborgs take over.

I'm sorry.

So you're here to prevent him from winning the case.

So you're going to go legal when you this is like a legal version of the Terminator French when you open up the little book here of the of the space time continuum in this you're holding a very small book.

Yeah, I got I got all the law, all the law in the world's in this little book.

Wow.

All the law from now until year three, three, three, three.

So do you remember 1500 years ago when you first tried this case or when you were first the lawyer?

Do you remember the things that you that you instructed your client to do and now are you able to provide counter arguments against that?

I said, don't back down.

I was from the, I remember saying don't back down from the bench.

Don't let them show you.

And then I says just your standard advice.

Yeah, that's my boilerplate.

I plan on doing this.

I plan on doing to the defendant as well.

Okay.

So this is going to begin into a yelling match over here.

Right.

Christmas day or else shout fest.

Is this on, is this on pay per view?

I mean, this is a holiday event.

This is amazing.

Look, I would love to charge for it because I have no qualms about making some extra pennies in this life.

Have you, while you're here now, have you been in touch with Gina Karputzi 2000 of the present timeline?

He, I can't.

You can't.

I do.

If I get in touch, if we start yipping in the app and then got the know each other, space time implodes.

Even if you're both cyborgs.

I mean, I understand the human mind might not be able to understand that, but your process in brown.

Yeah.

You got to remember Jason, you got to remember this is the things that you might forget.

If you're not a small claims for you, I got human blood.

It's not the mind.

It's the blood.

Oh, so for the past 24 years, you've had to avoid everywhere that you've had to avoid you went for the past 24 years.

And I like doing the same things as myself.

Oh, no.

So do you, do you remember all that using your cyborg brain?

You remember every single place you were ever at from the years of 1996 through 2020?

Have you had any close calls with yourself?

One time I was going in and out burger.

Sure.

And I know the things you like to do.

I swear.

I thought it was 3.33 p.m.

Everyone said it was 3.36.

Oh, no.

And you like to eat at 3.33 because it's so close to the year you're from 3.33.

So you're in travel back.

Yes.

Yeah.

Just is he going to really freak out or do you think he has any idea you're here?

It's why the case is being tried on a 25th.

I don't know if you're aware it is, but every year on the 25th in courthouses across America of vortex is established.

Oh, I did not know how we would know this.

A time vortex?

Yes.

And so that day in courthouses, we can see each other talk to each other without time space imploring.

So, you know, basically what's going to happen, it's going to be my big reveal.

He's going to be like, what the fuck?

And I'm going to be like, yeah, wise guy, it's you.

And then, and then I'm going to what was this in court?

When when when this happened the first time you lived in this is what I want to ask you is do you remember all of this happening?

Do you remember arguing this case the first time against a guy named Gino Carpuzzi 2001 You did fucking right.

Now you won and I'd have been a diploma.

So this is a case.

This is just going to happen again.

You're your content.

I loop.

I think you're in a loop, buddy.

Number nine.

Okay.

You've had your fun and now we're back.

We're back.

So that trial is happening tomorrow Christmas day.

So hopefully we'll get a an update from Carpuzzi on how it went.

I love a Christmas trial.

Yes.

So hopefully he'll come back.

All right, let's wait, we don't have a break to go to because that's the end of the episode.

Wait, what?

That's right.

This is the end of part two.

Are you shitting me?

I'm shitting on you.

Are you pooping me right now?

So I want to get under this glass table.

Are you dancing me right now?

Is it Danny Thomas or was it Chuck Berry or who is it?

No, Chuck Berry likes saying like some people.

Oh, Pete, that's right.

We saw a video of it many years ago.

The two of us?

Well, not together.

We all did.

Not together.

We all did.

Collectively as a nation.

Yes.

Generation X passing VHS tapes around.

Weird fluper is horrible accidents and then Jane and Leon Isaac Kennedy's home porno.

Wait, so Danny Thomas was the guy Danny Thomas was allegedly allegedly the guy who doesn't talk about that in the commercial store for St. Jude's children.

Every child gets one of these.

That's the Danny Thomas promise.

That's a glass.

Got a coffee game.

Danny promise.

Oh, Marla Lebanese, you know, of course.

Yes, because your wife loves to track all the Lebanese people.

I don't know if Lebanese people even like to track all the Lebanese people or if they just are compelled to do her, but your wife is Lebanese.

We should say which is what I was doing.

Lebanese doing Born West Virginia.

So I know everybody mountain mama.

I know everyone who is Lebanese and Born West Virginia.

That's right.

And the cross section of that is what about five people or it's more than you think?

Really?

No, it's not.

It's about about five people.

Similarly with my wife, I know all the Lao Shin people and know all the Minnesotans.

There you go.

So yeah, that's what happens when you get married.

If you take a picture, yeah, if you take a picture, you marriage lasts long enough that your spouse will tell you everyone is there at the street and from their hometown.

Oh, well, that's going to wrap it up for this episode.

And before I say, keep smiling, I want to thank you, Paul.

That's you don't know.

It's over until we say that.

So it's still going.

And we're going to be back on Monday and we're going to we're in the Cinkey Digis.

We're going to count down eight through five.

Dang.

We're going to crack the top five.

I can't believe it.

But that's going to happen on Monday.

Join us for that for part three and until then keep smiling.

Bye.

You Okay.
