---
layout: page
title: Best of 2013 Pt 1 [25854⧸21149].mp3.wav
category: cbb 
---

Counting down your top episodes of 2013, this is the Comedy Bang Bang best of part one I'll be here with Paul F. Tompkins and we will hear about your 15 through 12 episodes all of that and more all on today's Welcome One and All! Yes! It is the end of the year and you know what the end of the year means lists lists a planet you have Santa's list he has a list it's sort of his own best of list best of little boys and little girls and you have best of movies list you have snubs and flubs the best snubs the best flubs and of course you have best podcast lists which the AV club who regularly cover podcasts we were number one this year and speaking of number one there are going to be numbers said on these podcasts that we are recording right now this is part one of the comedy bang bang best of 2013 and what a great year boy what a storied year in comedy bang bang history this is perhaps our best year yet our most consistent year yet but who's that engineer Cody was at you oh wait we have a special guest here well I don't know about special we haven't heard from him all year long we haven't heard from him since the very last best of episodes we did yeah you know him as a comedian a raconteur a member of the raconteurs as well that's right along with Brendan Benson I'm a raccoon a tour that's right I tell stories about raccoons dressed as raccoon I you are dressed as a raccoon right now you have a little burglar's mask that's right and you're holding they I would think they were bank robber sacks of money but they don't have the S with the line through it but they have acorns in it that's right I have big sacks of acorns that I've stolen because raccoons are burglars and of the animal kingdom they are they really are by the way Paul have Tomkins is here hello I'm Paul have Tomkins I'm here that's right they're there they're thieves they are filthy scum I you notice that most animals in the animal kingdom mm-hmm they barter for everything yeah meanwhile raccoons they're out there just take take take that's right you know it's like that old fable by it was either a stop or Nick Castavetes forget who about the ant the grasshopper and the raccoon ah yes now the ant very industrious very industrious because he's all answers to a speedy or whatever and as mental powers he can communicate with other ants that's right yeah that covered in this ant ant yes he he could summon he was an ant or could summon all other ants to it he was a superhero yeah much like ant man yes but he was ant ant ant he had ant powers he had the powers of more than just him as an ant he here's the thing he had all the proportion of strength of an ant in his ant body it is an body okay I I beg to differ with you and but but he was very persuasive and he had the ability to get other ants to do stuff that he wanted them to do I think that you or I could call ourselves superheroes by that logic we could be human man well there was a band called man man and as far as I know they all have human abilities I believe so at least the human abilities to play instruments which that's to me that's a superhuman ability yes that could be extraterrestrial as a matter of fact I think anyone who's in a band may be an alien I think I'm more intra-terrestrial hmm I can't play an instrument so there's ant ants you have also the who else was in that other than the raccoon the grasshopper all the grasshopper grasshopper was lazy mmm well here's the thing I think that the grasshopper has been I think that history is is kind history is by the wind by the winners of course yes ants and I think that the grasshopper has been unfairly portrayed as lazy when really he just wanted to enjoy life that's right ants they want to enjoy a picnic grasshoppers they want to enjoy somebody else's picnic well that's the thing see but you know what who is this ant to cast crumbs ants are also thieves I'm now realizing that but they're thieves they steal from human beings so they have some twisted code yes like Robin Hood yeah yeah yeah like it's okay to steal from our oppressors that's right and they see us as oppressors yeah because we're always spraying raid on them are we spraying right on answer we just step it on them I spray raid on them do you really oh yeah yeah that's I take a little time out of every day find some ants spray some raid on them you're just going out with a kind of raid you know Griffith Park raising the ground such great ants everywhere I look great ants at Chris awesome great ones if you want the best the best get you surround don't come on come on in touch don't you know that I am not afraid but I What was that promise that you made?

Why would you tell me what she said?

What was that promise that you made?

No, no, no, no.

Okay, okay, we can't make it through.

No, we finally broke it.

Guys, if this is your first time listening to the show, that's what we made it, joke last year.

That's right.

Oh, we made it in one of our episodes in our top 10, actually.

I was just listening to it today while I was compiling the clips.

Yes, this is unprecedented.

Yes, that is right.

Speaking of the countdown, we haven't yet.

We're now doing it.

We have a little grasshopper, raccoon, ant thing.

I do want to get back to that.

We do have to talk about the countdown.

We got it. Look, this is how the bread is made.

This is how we pay the bills, and we have the skills to do so.

We have the skills in order to have the bills paid.

Well, I hire someone to pay the bills.

There we go.

That's a skill in of itself.

The ability to accrue money and pay someone to do things.

I got the skills to hire a bill player.

Hey, player, hey, player, we pay my bills.

Player, will you pay my bills?

All right, guys, if this is your first time listening, it is also your last story about all the singing, but Paul and I need to warm up.

It is a how it happens.

This is how we do it.

It's Friday night.

That's right.

I guess the feeling's right.

But it is night, by the way.

This is atypical Hollywood nights and Paul is coming at the window.

Right over there.

We usually do this during the day, and this is, you know what?

We have to do it at night to fit it into our busy schedule, but here we are.

Now, we're risking being attacked when we leave this building.

That's right.

By creatures of the night.

You know who else comes out at night?

The freaks.

Ah!

The freaks!

You know, I hope that a super freak will defend us against the freaks.

Well, the super freaks, like freak, freak, you mean?

Oh.

He has all the poor, and his strength of a freak.

Yeah.

Yeah, but he's a freak.

Yeah.

Freak abilities.

Yeah.

You think that a super freak would defend human beings against other freaks?

I think much like a superman would defend extraterrestrials for men.

I think a freak would be on the other side.

Hold on a second.

Yes.

Superman himself is an extraterrestrial who defends human beings against other extraterrestrials.

How can I forget that?

I submit to you, Brainiac, Mr. Mitzel Pildhirr.

Don't say his word back his name.

His word.

Don't say his word.

No, what's your word again?

Scott Ockermann?

Am I safe word?

You have two words.

What's your first word?

My first safe word is Scott.

That's what a great safe word is.

Scott!

Yeah, I just yell at my...

Hard to forget.

Hard to...

That's right.

You know what I mean?

That's right.

Unless you have amnesia.

Oh, do you?

Let me check.

I don't remember.

I don't know.

Amnesia.

Paul, you have a topping hat.

I do.

I have a little...

A little hatch for the winter.

Oh, very good.

It is winter.

It's a winter's night.

It's a low top head.

It is.

Yeah.

It's like a half top.

Half top.

Yeah.

I work up to the half top.

Looks like a half calf when you're getting coffee.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Can I get a half top?

Can I get a half top just for my head top?

Half top for head top.

And everyone at the happy-dashery knows what that term is.

Yes.

It was busy there today.

Really?

Everyone's getting half tops.

Everyone's getting top hats of all different shapes and sizes.

I was in St. Louis recently.

And there is a...

Arch business?

Yeah, there's an arch business that just makes...

Oh, no, I thought you were there on arch business.

What if there's an arch business who was like, wow, we got one in the can.

Business is going to be picking up after this.

That sustained us for a while.

But the coffins are getting low.

Did I tell you that I had once convinced Kurt Brown-Oller when we were on tour in Portland that there were so many bridges there because the city of Portland made a bunch of them and couldn't sell them.

He was like, really?

I was like, other cities, they defaulted on them so they had to keep them.

Oh my god.

But see, that's the kind of thing.

If you...

I feel like if you told me that with a straight enough face, I would...

You'd have to think about it for a second.

Yes, I would.

I would.

I can't blame Kurt completely.

No, no.

He's not blameless, certainly.

Now, no.

And you are blameful.

Yes, but he has some culpability in this.

No, absolutely.

It takes two to tango.

Certainly.

Did you laugh in his face when you realized he was taking these tears?

He was so embarrassed.

He was like, because I got really close to him because I think if you laugh in someone's face, you need to be about one inch from them.

You need to be nose to nose.

Otherwise, it's not laughing in their face.

Yeah.

You need to be nose to nose or your nose in his toes and his toes in your nose.

I suppose.

What is that from?

Okay.

So anyway, I was in St. Louis and there was a habitationary and I was just thinking how lonely and someone said you had been there.

In St. Louis.

In St. Louis, yes, I was there doing the WITS program.

Instant Paul.

Oh.

And that's where I was.

You're talking of Heimies.

Yes.

And yes.

Shout out to Heimies.

Heimies for life.

Oh, Heimie Town.

Oh, whoever that got the Reverend Jesse Jackson in some trouble.

Oh, a little bit.

And now he's back and thinner than ever.

You're inflating the St. Louis arch of Al Sharpton with the setting of the Mary Tyler Moore show, which is the Reverend Jesse Jackson.

Ah, yes, yes, yes.

Yes, Heimies, Haber Dasherie.

And I've bought many items there over the years.

But how lonely is the Haber Dasher?

He's pretty lonely guy.

You know what I mean?

Not a lot of call for him lately.

No, you know what?

He was sitting there.

I remember I saw him in the corner of the shop and he had cobwebs on him.

Did you have to blow them off of him?

I did.

He woke up at the start, perched his spectacles on his nose, threw up the sash.

I actually bought the last time I was there, I tried on a hat that I could not commit to.

I think because my wife was there.

She was back at the hotel.

My wife!

And oh no, it's back.

It is back!

It is back.

My wife!

And then after I got back home to Los Angeles, I called them up and I bought that hat over the phone.

Oh man.

I couldn't stop thinking about it.

And describe the hat, first of all.

It's a listener's want to know.

It's a black, black sort of Humberg type hat.

And it's got a silver band, silver trim around the brim.

It's beautiful.

And a Humberg, is that the one with the curved top?

I don't know what you mean.

It's almost like a bowler, but different.

Do you know what I mean?

It's sort of like a fedora, but without the dense.

Oh!

Although you can put you can put dense in the front if you like, which I do.

Okay.

Why do you put dense in your head?

I like the way it looks.

Isn't that implying that there are dense in your head?

That's what I'm trying to make people think.

Almost like trepination.

Yeah.

I want people to think that I've had all the evils taken out of my head, leaked out of my head by means of trepination.

Ancient barbers used to do it.

And my barber today.

Yes.

Just banging on your head with a ball peen hammer.

They would take a hat.

Well, there's Scott.

There's a little bit more to it.

Well, I mean, I'm dumbing it down, of course, in the way of her.

They'd use a sort of chisel to make a hole in your skull so that evils could come out.

Yes, of course.

And good air can help.

Yeah, they don't just hit you with a hammer.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I don't mean to apply that.

Anyway, shout out to Hyme Town.

Hyme in a town.

But we do have to get back to the countdown.

For those of you listening at home, or maybe you're listening on the bus.

Oh, the only two places, right?

Yep.

Home or in the bus.

If you're listening in a car, be careful the cops can pull you over.

Hey, if you're it, they can pull you over anytime.

I don't know.

Is that a podcast you're listening to?

Has a cop ever pulled over a bus because he saw somebody in the window of the bus and didn't like the way they looked?

They should.

You know what I mean?

I mean, they can, right?

I guess they could.

Everybody would be unhappy about it, but cops can do as they please.

I don't know that you can pull over anyone because you don't like the way they look.

Well, but you can pull over the driver.

If you don't like the way they look, no, you can't.

You have to suspect them of.

I'm not saying you're supposed to.

Oh, but they do all the time.

Dude, all the time.

What's that mean?

Driving while black.

Oh, yeah.

That's a bit that's that's a little code for.

Oh, I got pulled over for what a D.W.B.

I see.

Yeah.

And does this happen to you?

That's my code is what I was saying.

It's not a great code.

I have a black car.

It's that.

Oh, I see.

Anyway, but we're the countdown.

What are we talking about?

We have to talk about it.

Okay.

The countdown.

What it is, we do this show.

It comes out once or twice a week.

Now, Scott, you say we.

Mm-hmm.

But it's you who does the show.

I'm talking about Cody.

Oh.

And your Cody is here.

Meaning myself and my funny friends, we do this show every week.

Just trying to have fun.

And we have fun.

And we do them all year.

And then at the end of the year.

Oh, God damn you.

While we're all on vacation to our, you know, Saint Tropez.

Is that a place?

Yeah.

Okay.

Santropez.

That's what it is.

Okay.

That's Bandi Soleil.

If you want get Bandi Soleil if you want the Santropez tank.

Oh, okay.

I will.

Thank you.

I've been meaning to do that.

You're welcome.

We do these best of so you can hear the best clips from the previous year.

And we had a banner year.

I mentioned it before, but this is one of maybe perhaps the best year.

It's a beautiful banner by the way.

Thank you.

Yeah.

I don't know.

I kind of threw it together last minute.

What?

Yeah.

I thought that was store bought.

Oh, no.

I took a calligraphy class.

It's beautiful.

Thank you.

Yeah.

I mean.

It's beautiful.

Thank you so much.

I mean, yeah.

Did you, could you tell that it was actually penned and not stamped?

I thought it was machine-naked.

Mm-hmm.

Thank you.

And I was judging it too.

I was like, oh, this guy.

Judge jury and executioner.

Judge Judy and execute.

Don't you, who said that?

Did somebody say that on this show?

I don't know, but I like it.

Judge Judy executioner.

I know I heard that.

If that's your joke, no.

No, it's not.

It's somebody's.

I forget who it is.

I forget where I heard that.

I enjoy it.

It's funny.

I guess that's why it stuck with me.

Somewhat.

I like certainly not me.

I like to imagine that someone pissed on her leg, called it rain, and then she executed them.

Wait a minute, didn't we?

We've talked about that.

We've talked about Judge Judy executing people, right?

I don't know.

It runs together.

We've done a lot of these shows.

We are up to 200.

And what are we up to now?

236, 34, something like that.

That's too many.

Oh, 263?

No, we've done many.

And then some best-ups and a whole bunch of live ones.

Too many.

And I did Just Shy of 100 this year.

I did 97 episodes this year.

Wow.

And now how many weeks in a year are there?

There are, I believe, unless it's a leap year, there are 52 weeks in a year.

On a leap year, there are 53.

So you're saying you did more, you did just about two episodes a week?

Just about, yeah.

We just about, yeah.

Yeah.

Including the live ones.

50 plus 50 is 100.

I don't know about that.

Then two plus two is four.

That's 104.

It's 104.

And then used to, how many did you say?

I did 97 of this show.

Oh, well then I take it back.

Yeah, so it's 7-Shy.

Not that impressive.

But we did a lot this year.

And so that's why we have extra, what am I trying to say?

Extra sized?

What do they say?

Super sized.

Like the Superman of sizes.

Super sized me.

They will.

That's why we have a super sized best of this year.

We're doing four episodes.

All right, four best of episodes.

That's courting disaster.

Yeah, that's according to Jim.

And executioner.

According to Jim and executioner.

I like that too.

So we have to get to it.

What are we going to do?

While we listen to this, we're going to count down your top 15 this year, not your top 10.

Well, Scott, may I?

Yes, you may.

I think the reason there's usually a top 10.

That's traditional.

Yep.

Tradition.

But you're saying because this is what I'm inferring.

Tell me if this is what you're implying.

Let me see if I'm implying it.

I do know you're inferring it.

So many good episodes.

It was too hard to confine it to 10.

Too hard.

There were there.

Plus the.

There were five other good ones.

The bottom six or so are so close that I felt it was just wrong not to include them.

And we have the time.

Why not put out four best of episodes?

The bottom six are neck and neck.

Meaning 15 to nine or so were so close that I just thought, you know what?

We shouldn't just do a top 10.

But then once you get into eight through one, some of those are close within those.

We'll talk about it as we go.

All right.

I don't want to jump ahead.

No spoilers.

All right.

We have to get to we're going to be counting down to day 15 through 12.

And we're also going to have a couple of bonus clips.

What kind of clips?

I guess I mean.

There'll be several of those.

Now, I thought we agreed you would take care of the buzz.

I would take care of the.

And we both did blah, blah, buzz.

No.

Did I only do.

I waited my turn, sir.

I waited my turn.

So sorry.

You're a good, blah, blah, blah, boy.

From here forth and here with heads forth and forever more.

I shall do bees.

You shall do.

I say to you, Captain Phillips.

It was okay.

That's right.

So let us get to it.

No more dillying nor dallying.

Let us get to your number.

What which number is this?

Number one five.

That's right.

Number one five.

That's shoddy.

Number fifteen.

This is a great clip to start with.

This is from episode.

A delicious anticipation.

Which episode is really teasing everyone.

This is exciting.

I've listed the number of every episode except for this one.

Oh, this is episode 203.

All right.

This is episode two.

Oh, three.

The vicar of yanks.

Oh, this I like this episode a lot.

This episode is a great one.

The vicar of yanks.

This is weird al yank of Vic and Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber.

What's this now?

Lord Andrew, the writer of the Phantom of the Opera.

The Broadway composer?

Yes.

Jesus Christ, superstar.

Just a light express.

Yes, Joseph and his amazing Technicolor dream coat.

Do you think I sound like a musical robot?

By the way, I got a little voice robot there for that last section.

That was good.

Yeah, yeah, it was pretty good.

Did you make it like you made the banner?

Yeah, I did.

It's sort of a short circuit type of thing.

I'm just I'm getting into robotics.

25.

Yeah, it's a lot.

I'm getting into robotics and calligraphy.

All right.

This is the vicar of yanks.

I don't think there's a lot to sorry.

I am.

So we're both.

But I feel like we're on the same throat clearing cycle.

I know.

We are doing it right.

I think I'm good now.

I think I swallowed it.

I'm great.

I'm a perfect person.

This is the vicar of yanks.

Doesn't need any kind of setup other than Weird Al.

Our good old friend is here and our good friend Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber is here.

And the whole gang is here.

Let's hear from that.

Number one.

Five.

Weird Al yank of Vic is here.

One of our favorite guests of all time.

Thank you Scott.

Oh, please.

Please.

Please sit down.

Sir.

Weird Al yank of you.

That was so nice of you to stand.

Yes.

Here's American royalty as well.

Do you hold some sort of a royalty title?

I am, you know, the vicar of yanks back in the old country.

So we have confirmation on it.

I know you weren't listening.

Are we talking about that earlier?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Okay.

Al, thank you so much for being here.

And what I have to guess is your fifth appearance on the show?

Let's go with fifth.

And you were on the TV show.

The last time we saw each other, you were on the TV show last season, the season finale.

Is that the last season?

I thought there'd be another one.

Well, of course.

Yeah, we're coming up on.

So it's not really the last season, is it?

I believe, okay.

No, I won't quit.

It could be the penultimate season.

We don't know.

It very well might be.

Vicar, he has trouble with English language.

Ah.

What he means to say is previous season.

Oh, now it would make sense.

Thank you.

You guys seem to speak the same language.

Well, yes, countrymen after a fashion.

That's right.

So what year did your family come over here?

Oh, gosh.

It was in the late 13th century, I think.

Oh, my gosh.

On some sort of Mayflower type shoot?

On a raft, on a small raft.

On a small raft.

Yes.

All the way from England.

It was an accident, I understand.

It wasn't intended, no.

Yeah.

Fairly accidental.

It was meant to go out in a pond or something.

It was a three hour tour.

And yeah, it wound up coming to America centuries before it was, you know.

Steve the Trunks of the lion shoots.

They brought them right over.

Really?

So these are family heirlooms.

Yeah, they float.

You know, Hawaiian shirts.

Of course.

It's a bit of it.

Not many people know that.

They're the one piece of clothing that floats.

That's why I always wear Hawaiian shirts on an airplane because if we go down, you don't have time to reach for the life jacket, I'm good.

So you only wear them on an airplane.

Pretty much only on airplanes.

You're about to catch a flight?

Yes.

Right after this podcast, I'm out the door out to LAX.

I see.

Boy, a traveling guy.

Yeah.

Always on the move.

On the move, man.

Yes.

Al, what have you been up to?

We haven't heard you on the podcast for a personal pleasure.

It is, but I'm going to go there.

Oh.

What have I been up to?

Oh gosh, I'm working on the new album.

I'm going to have the roll.

Yes.

I'm playing Bonnaroo this year.

That's going to be fun.

Oh, so fun.

Now, Bonnaroo, I've heard of this.

This is where a bunch of people, they stand around in the out of doors.

The Bonnaroovians you're talking about.

They're indulging in alcohol and drugs and they have a contest to see who can smell the most, who can smell the most.

What sounds do you mean that in?

Who can give off the most pungent oodle?

Oh, because I'm really good at actually smelling the most in terms of like guessing people's odors and what they had for lunch perhaps.

Ow.

Is that a skill or is that something that is thrust upon you?

No, that was part of my DNA.

That was something that's been part of my family since the 13th century, pretty much.

So when they got on this raft, they were led by their smells to America, really?

In a way, because they sensed a new land out there, a land of opportunity.

They smelled it and they followed that scent.

I see.

Interesting.

It's always good advice.

It always knows.

True.

Always.

Not always.

Always.

Oh, so.

That's too can logic.

It's not always valid.

And we all know two cads.

Three of those make a six pack.

So now what I want to know though, Al, is you're doing Bonnaroovian.

You have a new album and you, when does the album come out?

You know, it's on the calendar.

I can't be held to this, but sometime in the next 30 years.

Okay.

If the last album on my contract and the three decade deal, yes, the three decade deal, if, you know, by the time I'm 83, it hasn't come out yet.

The record company is going to ask everybody to see you.

Yes, I see.

And this is the last of your contract with Sony.

Sony.

Yes.

Oh, Sony.

Such a difficult studio to get to in the middle of the day.

It is.

You talk to them about that?

The, you know, the traffic is just too heavy on Pico.

So I have to, in Century City, the furthest point from anywhere on earth in the middle of this day.

What is this?

The Saturday Night Live, Skidge, the Californians.

You're big fan of it.

If you turn left, if you turn right on Loffee Annaga though, on the way to the phone.

What are you doing here?

Doable Skidge.

Just bring it up to them.

That's all I ask.

I will.

Okay.

Thank you so much.

Like make that a negotiation point if you renew your contract.

Do you think you're going to renew your contract?

I'm guessing not.

I've been under a record contract since 1982.

Gosh.

That might be nice to breathe the fresh air for a while.

It's amazing.

A question if you're permitted, Vica.

Do you do your own contractual negotiations?

Pretty much.

Yeah, we put the contract.

We tape it on the wall and, you know, we throw darts and figure out what parts we want to negotiate.

It's all very subjective.

And by chance, it's like a roulette wheel.

I don't think it's by chance.

I think it's by divine intervention.

I think God guides those darts to where you think so.

I do.

I truly believe that.

Federal schools are thought there.

Yeah.

This may seem like a trivial question, but what type of tape do you use?

Do you use Scott's tape?

The Scott's tape.

Yes.

Masking tape.

Certainly not.

Take the Phantom Mask down.

No.

If you use half of the room, half a masking tape.

I think the Phantom is not half a roll.

I think it is one of the greatest rolls in the history of the theater.

How many of the sculptures you've done it.

Thank you so much.

So wow, it is amazing if you'll permit me to swallow in the middle of that question.

Please, please.

It is amazing.

31 years under contract with the same.

Dangerous servitude.

Remember when Prince, the little Prince, he wrote slave all over his face?

Like, you ever feel like doing that?

That lasted a week, didn't it?

You just ash from the tiny volcano.

Remember how he changed his name to get out of his record contract?

I'm changing my name to an odor because I feel like since that's part of our family's lineage, lineage, great skills.

I feel like that would be appropriate.

So what kind of odor would you be?

It's going to be a slightly lavenderish, slightly basil.

So a little mix of the two.

So if you ever smell that, then just you'll know your name.

Your records are around somewhere.

Now, Scott, what sort of odor would you be if you want to do?

Oh, God.

I mean, there's so many great odors out there in the world.

There's fresh baked bread.

It's a good one.

You know, I don't know that I could necessarily own that, like Prince owned that symbol.

I don't think that symbol existed before the little Prince actually...

No, he created it.

He created it.

So I feel like we would have to create sense in order to...

Much like the vicar's done just now.

Yeah.

With the basil and the lavender.

I believe it would be a lot like creating my own perfume where I just, you know, pour a little bit of this in.

Ode to Scott.

Yes, odor Scott.

And just pour a bunch of stuff into it and then, you know, create something new.

You know, like all the perfumes are all different, aren't they?

All of them, like snowflakes.

Mm-hmm.

Yeah.

No two perfumes are like...

What if a perfume smelled like a snowflake?

That's right.

Because ice technically is odorless, but like a dirty snowflake.

Yeah.

You know what I mean?

Free subtle.

Essence of snowflake.

Yes.

That's what I would change.

What do you call your scent?

Do you like your snooffleak?

Oh, I would.

Ooh.

And see, what's my online name?

That's my online name.

How did you know?

Oh, I've chatted with you.

That's my words with friends code.

Dirty snowflake27.

We should play words with friends, by the way.

I played with someone for a while and she got...

I don't know.

I don't want to go in there, but it's so fascinating.

Is it that Gillian Jacobs?

Yeah, going in Bella's Jacobs.

Do you know, I had a game of words with friends going on with her for quite some time.

Wait, did she keep it going?

I tried to quit it a million times.

She kept her game going with you?

She kept, she said please.

Please don't quit the game anymore.

You're the only person I want to play with.

Oh!

These other people I keep having to quit games with them over and over and over.

These foul idiots.

Foul?

What is it because of the words I would...

Oh, wait.

Oh, I feel I've said too much.

I believe you have.

I never put it together.

Scottrick, please do forgive me.

I hope I haven't heard your feelings.

You haven't heard my feelings.

The situation's heard my feelings.

I don't blame people for relaying.

From the Jersey Shore.

Hahaha, hominins.

But Al, 31 years...

Yes.

The history.

Oh, the history.

The Capitol Records building.

I don't know.

Remember that?

Is it still there?

Maybe.

The Vichrola.

After the Apocalypse.

78 RPM.

RPM.

Listen to that.

Remember that?

Listen to music.

Remember all this stuff?

Remember my first 78 RPM record.

Gosh, so much history.

So much history.

So fan-y-y-breakable.

Totally breakable.

That's right.

The music industry in general just has so much history and you're a part of that.

It must feel amazing.

It's so nice to be a footnote in the Rolling Stone music guide.

No.

No, you would be at least a mention.

A footnote and a mention.

A mention and then there would be a little number, a footnote next to it to explain who you were.

Do you know what?

I've always wanted to get one of those little swords.

Oh, yeah.

They have that for me.

The thing that makes people look you up is the little tiny sword.

I want to be a sword with the three notches.

So I would be the third time that they would be necessary to have them.

I don't want to be an asterisk.

I want to be a sword.

Yes, of course.

You're talking about a sword cubed?

The little sword and then it has like three notches on it as in.

This is the third sword on the page.

And I feel as if I haven't seen that one in quite a while.

Maybe that will be what I changed my name to.

The sword with the three notches?

Yes.

I want to wreak havoc with the publishing industry.

I wonder what that would smell like.

What would it wreak of if it were a smell?

Ovenives.

But Al, yes, Scott.

So many hits.

So many.

I can't even count them.

How many as if there were an infinite number?

How many number one hits have you had?

Oh, gosh, I can't even zero.

Zero number one hits.

Actually, I can count them.

I thought I wouldn't be able to and yet I have.

Not even in the comedy charts.

Oh, well, the comedy charts.

Yeah.

Does that count?

Not really.

But in the regular charts, what's the highest you went?

Oh, I've had a couple of top 10s.

I think the last two albums went top 10.

The last two, I mean, that's amazing to have your later records be the most popular records you've ever done.

It's the whole build.

You know, I didn't want to be the kind of artist that like, you know, hits number ones right out of the box.

So I wanted to wait 30, 40 years.

Have a slow build, a slow climb, and hit the top of the parabola.

And I think I'm going to peak with my next album.

It's going to be my best album.

And after that, the slow ride down.

Slow to climb as an independent artist.

I have a question for the film.

Yes.

Do you feel as if your best work is yet to come?

It is.

I'm doing it right now.

In this room.

What?

So they're not yet to come in the immediate future.

In the immediate future.

Which is the present.

Yes.

Now it's the present.

And you're blowing my mind.

Why did I eat that peyote button before coming into the podcast?

Oh my gosh, Mr. Weber.

Or, or, Mr. Weber.

Mr. Weber.

I'm not, I'm not so, I'm not so, I'm not so high that I can't detect that in salt of my station.

How often do you get high?

By the way.

You leave of an afternoon.

Every afternoon.

Yes.

Shortly after 4pm.

Alan, I know you have younger listeners as well, but how often have you been high, would you say?

I have never.

You've never been high.

No, I am looking forward to it.

Not a single drug ever.

I haven't, I haven't gotten around to it.

You and I.

Does, does Flintstones aspirin count?

Mmm.

Cause I've had a couple of Barney's on a bed once.

What about drinking?

Have you, have you ever like, legitimately been drunk?

Not legitimately no.

It's, it's been very illegitimate.

Yes.

Was I, I have.

I probably shouldn't say this, but on, you know, on occasion I have had the, the occasional blueberry daiquiri.

Blueberry daiquiri.

Because you live in Hawaii sometimes.

Yes.

I'm not sure.

What do you drink a blue drink?

Do you feel as if you're in the future?

I only order drinks by color.

I'm feeling kind of periwinkle today.

Make me something periwinkle.

Now this is what I'm talking about.

This is wealthy persons behavior.

This is how it is, it's called trick.

How many, how many day you'll do?

How wealthy are you?

You, you'll blow your mind.

I honestly, I, I, you've had so many hit records in an era where having hit records meant you were rich.

You know, so like, I, I just, I can't imagine having that much money.

I was selling records in the day when people actually bought records.

Yeah.

It's crazy.

I mean, I remember, I was thinking about this, remember the 90s when everyone had just to buy one song they would buy a person's record.

Remember that?

In 1999.

And to have a hit song, you had to say both the MF word and the N word.

You had to have a sticker on?

Yeah.

Is that MFN?

Yeah.

It's just a crazy time, but, but, but, but again, getting back to it, how wealthy?

Well, I don't want to make you jealous, but I, I, I, I have actually two TV sets.

My goodness.

Yeah.

Two separate houses.

And, and, and several houses.

How many, how many houses do you own?

Four houses, but only two TV sets.

So some time, the part, the hard part is transporting the TVs to the houses as we need them.

Because it's not a carry on.

You have to check a television.

Yes.

You're really flying on an aeroplane.

I was hit a teleplane.

Oh, I wish someone would invent one.

Oh my gosh, a teleplane.

How amazing would that be?

Just teleporting.

The most amazing.

You would have to walk into a plane like structure.

Yes, exactly.

That's right.

But then once you sat down.

You sit down, buckle up.

You waited for 20 minutes while they closed the doors.

Stupid announcements.

Yeah, just turn off everything.

Yeah.

And then boom.

You're teleporting to work with me.

Wait for people to get yelled at for not turning off the telephones.

Yes, of course.

And then you would have to go through security for a good two hour period.

And then remove your shoes.

Yes, and they would stop hats.

They're topping hats and medals.

They would some medals.

Yeah.

You have to remove your medals.

I never thought of a credit.

They ask me to remove my medal when I go through the metal detector.

And what I try to explain to them is it's not that type of metal.

Yes, it's not a metal detector.

It's a metal detector.

It shouldn't metal with you.

Exactly.

Oh, how many of them?

We're doing it.

We are doing it.

What can we expect on the new album?

You should not expect anything.

What can't we expect?

I want you to have extremely low expectations.

I want you to think that it's just going to be a horrible...

I am not saying that you would.

No, no.

In fact, I don't even expect there to be songs on the next album.

I expect it to be like a Marcel Marceau record.

Just like nothing but silence.

And that way when you put it on and you hear the greatest thing you've ever heard in your life, your mind will be blown.

Vigga, what should we not expect?

Let's expect.

Great question.

Great question, buddy.

It is a big deal.

It's a big deal.

Oh, it's very meta.

You shouldn't not expect the soundtrack to your next musical because that would be copyright infringement.

What if you guys work together?

Oh, gosh, I would love that.

Well, we've talked about a Calebo for quite some time.

It's just scheduling is a problem.

Really?

Because there's no one to do it?

He's constantly shuttling his televisions back and forth with all his four houses.

You know, a lot of people will be upset with me working with you because they're still upset about that sacrilegious musical that you did.

We took the Lord's name in vain.

Exactly.

Jesus Christ Superstar.

I wish people would understand it's a problem of punctuation that comma was never supposed to be in that.

And for 40 years that comma has resided in that title.

Why?

They said it to be proofread.

Why?

That's the one step that's the one who should do.

Why?

Why did they do it?

Cool.

Can you believe it?

Oh, no.

Lord Weber, please.

That plane needed a mask, I think.

That would have saved it.

Could you imagine if an aeroplane had a giant half mask?

Oh, my God.

A telephone.

But if they build a teleplane, they have to have a half mask.

Fly upon me.

I'll transport you to how you wish to do.

Starlight Express 2.

Teleplane.

It's all actors in plane costumes.

And they're wearing cross country skis.

Yeah.

That's right.

I hate to break it.

This is like my last Southwest flight.

They did the whole thing with that costume and everything.

Wow.

It was kind of irritating at the time, but now I see that it's got some potential.

Do you know I find those people on Southwest, the employees, they're very fun.

Aren't they?

I love the parody.

The professional comedians.

Yes.

In my opinion.

I don't know.

Professional comedians.

Tried to be one.

Oh.

But no one gives you money for that.

What about being a gesture though?

It's very similar.

Oh, that's different.

Yeah.

If you're a gesture, you're paid in a first of all, not being executed.

Sure.

That's payment.

You get to live in a castle.

Yes.

It's a bit of a reward in itself.

You're exempt from execution.

You don't have to live in a dirt hut.

You're free to, if you like.

Sure.

But who would like?

You get mutton, I would imagine, free mutton.

All the mutton you can eat with your hands.

Uh, mead.

No utensils though.

No utensils.

You wipe your hands on a passing dog.

They're very handy.

Wait, why they had dogs in the castle?

Why would you want to have a dog on the mat?

Exactly.

I knew they didn't have utensils, but I didn't know they didn't have napkins or any kind of quack.

No, no, no, they would eat with the hands you see.

And then they would just wipe their greasing dogs.

The wiping dogs.

Oh no, why?

I don't wipe a dog.

Shh.

Number one.

Five.

Alright, yes.

That is a great clip.

How does it get better than that?

That's what I understand.

That's only number 15 if you can believe it.

I can't.

Yes.

Well, I'm incredulous.

You are.

I'm looking at him.

He is telling the truth.

This strains credulity.

We have to take a break.

Alright, that is just our first clip.

When we come back, we will have number 14 coming at you and you will not want to miss that one.

Come on back after this.

Come on, come on, come on.

Come on, come on.

We are back here.

We are back.

Comedy back.

I'm Paul F.

Tomkins.

My guest today.

Hey, thanks so much for having me.

Listen, Scott, what is it like when you are on television?

Is it good?

It's so good because there is a camera pointed at you.

Can I stop you?

Am I good at questions?

No.

I'm not right.

No.

Not bad at it.

Yeah.

You are well, you are poor at it.

Oh, thank you.

You are question poor.

No, I'm not morally wrong at it.

Question poor, but answer foolish.

What?

Welcome back to the show.

We just before the break, we heard our number one five episode and that was a good one.

Andrew Lloyd Webber and Weird Al and our number.

This of course is our next one is number one four.

Number one four.

Number 14.

Yes, that's right.

And this is an episode.

And this is the end.

This is an episode.

And goodbye.

See you next year.

Do do do do do do do do do.

Come in the bag bag.

I'm going to do boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom boom.

This is episode 204.

204.

And what do you think this episode would be?

I'm going to say this one is what was the number the last one that we heard.

You're really holding my feet to the fire on this.

That real foot foot holder.

That was 203.

This is the very next one.

If you can believe that.

It's probably an okay episode.

It's better than the last one.

So basically.

Yeah.

According to the votes.

I didn't vote.

So I get to complain.

Isn't that how it works?

Yes.

Amazingly these are right next to each other in the countdown and they were sequential episodes.

And this is an episode called the Pepper Man.

Oh boy.

The Pepper Man.

Yes.

Now here's what this is.

Zach Galifianakis, major movie star.

That's right.

He's a comedian.

I'll tell him you said that.

He's and he probably would not disagree.

He is on the show in this episode along with John Daley who people would know from betas which is out on Amazon right now.

People can watch that and he is a writer and producer on the Croll Show.

That's correct.

They are friends and then they talk about a certain band a lot in this episode.

There's a clue in the title.

Yes there is.

Men.

There are a lot of men in this band.

That's right.

Could be the Beatles.

There were four of them.

John Ringo.

George Gilgamesh.

Gilgamesh.

Yes.

The lads from Liverpool.

Hello.

It's me Gilgamesh.

It's me John Lennon.

The biggest creep in the world.

That's happening John.

How come you?

I wish people talked about me more.

Well unfortunately we kept you in the closet.

Well remember when the girls were thrown.

Jelly baby's hat is.

Oh jelly baby is my favorite candy.

Is that what those are?

Yeah.

Alright.

That's right.

And ten more minutes.

That's a bench work.

That's right.

I'm gonna happen to him.

Well maybe we'll hear from him.

But okay the Pepper Men and then also Neil Campbell was a guest on this episode.

Is it not Camp Bell?

It's written like Camp Town Ladies.

But a bell instead of town ladies.

Right.

Yeah.

That's how I remember how to spell it for sure.

Right but it's Campbell.

Camp.

Campbell.

By the way you should ask what his original name, what his name should be.

That's an interesting teaser.

Okay.

Yes you should ask him about that because it's not his personality at all.

Alright.

It's a cryptic clue anyway.

But the Pepper Men, Neil Campbell comes out at the end and he has something interesting to talk about.

So let's hear that this is number one four.

Number one four.

Comedy Bang Bang we are back here with Zach Alfonakis.

Our good friend.

Good friend of the show.

Good friend in life.

He told me what I wrote that was so funny and I agree it was funny.

We cannot share it with the listeners here because it was a private exchange between the two of us.

And we have a speaking of a private exchange.

Let's open it up a little more and make it a little less exclusive by inviting another good friend of ours to the show here.

John Daly is with us.

How's it going guys?

It is going.

How you doing Zach?

John.

What's up Scott?

How's it going?

The sky for one.

Nice.

Clouds.

Space shuttles.

Alright.

Yeah.

The shuttle is shut down.

That's true.

Got to update my joke.

Yeah.

John, a lot of people know you from the show.

You've been on the show many times.

Yeah.

You played many, many characters.

Bill Cosby, Bukowski.

Bill Cosby, Frazier Boss.

Dr. Fraser Boss.

Zappity, Tapity.

Many characters.

But yeah.

Let's put all that aside.

Let's talk to you as you.

Yeah.

Let's talk to me as me and Zach and I have a podcast that we're going to be premiering pretty soon on Earwolf that is called The Pepper Cast.

Pepper Cast.

It sounds exciting.

Yeah.

It's great.

It's we are we've Zach and I Zach's a little bit older than me.

But we've you know, we've lived in Los Angeles for a while and you know, the reality of our lives is we're in show business and we we know the peppers and.

Wait, wait, wait.

When you say you know the do you mean the red hat chili peppers?

RHCPs.

Yeah.

And like we're we're a huge peppermint in general, but we also happen to know I mean, to know the peppers.

So you you started out as fans, but now we started out as your friends.

We started out as super fans and and then eventually just from living in LA and living our lives and we we eventually got to know the peppers ran into the peppers once at a party or what does that count as that happen?

Well, we first of all, the peppermint is the group that John started.

It's a fan.

Red Hat Chili Pepper fans.

We got theme song.

Yeah.

You know, wait, theme song.

Deadhead's Grateful Dead.

Sure, sure.

Pepper.

Fishheads.

Popperheads.

Popperheads John Popper.

Yeah.

Blue Shrapper.

Yeah.

Peppermint.

Where the peppermint?

Where's the theme song?

Can we?

Well, there's I don't know if there's a theme song, but there's a lot of great.

He just said there's a theme song.

Well, there's no.

It's a thing.

It's a song.

It's in a way, a tribute song.

And it's called Abra Caddaliformia.

Abra Caddaliformia.

Yeah.

And it goes a little something like this.

Okay.

Bingabongabongabongberbank.

Gig, a-glig, a-glig, a-glig, a-glig, a-glendale.

Bingabongabongabongberbank.

Gig, a-glig, a-glig, a-glig.

Abra Caddaliformia.

Gig, a-glig, a-glig, a-bruccadebreliformia.

Casia is the best.

You know, it's a theme song for the peppermint.

For the peppermint.

So you sing that when you guys meet?

Yeah, and we, you know, let's just say when we meet, we meet in a basement and we got one sock on it's not on our feet.

Okay.

Wait a minute.

Well, hold on.

Yeah.

Well, you catch up to this.

The pepper tradition.

Socks not on the feet, but it's on someplace house.

Yeah.

I'm assuming probably not the hands, because that would be kind of normal.

That would sort of be the- The dick.

The dick.

Whoa!

Yeah.

Oh, got it.

And, well, loud and clear.

I've been on the podcast a few times.

I mean, you know, a little, maybe, of what I've been up to, but Zach, everyone knows what Zach's been up to.

Zach, you were Fleeze, midwife.

Yeah.

Midwife for Fleeze's wife?

Yeah.

Whoever the lady is in his life.

Wait, you don't know who?

Well, who Flee, who you were the midwife to?

Well, Flee has a, Flee has a, you know, I don't want to talk in a term, but there's, you know- Well, I mean, yeah.

He's pretty open about it.

When you're intimate with the red hots.

Yeah.

The peppers.

He likes to call him the peppers.

Oh, you're the red hots.

The peppers, yeah.

Uh.

Anyone call him the chilies or chili peps?

I know a lot of people call them chili peps.

That's cool.

I could get a listen.

You guys not thought of this and all your meetings?

Uh, chili peps.

Uh.

Seems like this would have been a lot of territory that was well covered by- I'll have to look through the minutes.

John, do you mind singing the song again?

Just really call the meeting to order?

Yeah.

The things on.

All right.

Well, yeah, let's pretend we're doing it right now.

Okay.

Let's pretend we're meeting.

Do you want me to lay down any kind of like funky bass?

Can you do a Reggie Watts kind of?

Yeah, no problem.

Here we go.

Ready?

Well, first I'll do the drum track.

Yeah.

Bring a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, berry back.

Pick a click, a click, a click, a danday.

Bring a bong, a bong, a bong, a berry back.

Click a click, a click, a click.

The target there is much better than the target and holly.

It's got an escalator to go upstairs.

You can't put your shopping cart on the tee.

Oh, yeah.

I just cold fire.

I got a lot of sperm in my pocket.

Next motherfucker.

Oh, shit.

Yeah.

Bring a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong.

Bury back.

Pick a click, a click, a click, a danday.

Podcasts are fun because I do it.

Give me a buzz.

And screw it.

Tell me Lord what the pepperman say.

Hit it, flea.

Bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a bong, a danday.

Danday, danday, danday, danday, danday.

D-d-d-danday.

Cold drums.

Good drum.

Good drumming on that.

Very good.

That's a good version.

I like that.

Yeah.

And I love how he called out the pepperman.

That must be a thrill for...

That took us a long time to get that in that song.

Yeah.

I mean, it should start with that.

Yeah.

And, you know, we can further talk about the peppers on your podcast, of course, but let's turn to Neil Campbell's on the show.

Welcome back, Neil.

Hi.

Thanks for having me.

You've been on the show several times before.

You always have something interesting going on.

And what I found interesting when you contacted me this time about it coming on the show was that you said you're now a playwright.

Sounds so weird to say a playwright, but yeah, I guess I'm a playwright now.

Wow.

So you've written your first play?

I'm working on it.

Okay.

So you're a playwright and that's what you wanted to come on to talk about?

Well, yeah.

I mean, I just feel like, I mean, the theater.

Oh.

It's just like a magical place.

Oh, yeah.

Zach, John, did either of you guys start in the theater?

No, but Flea did.

I mean, I don't know what to go back on.

No, we can.

Yeah.

We can talk about Flea.

No, I don't want to take Neil.

No, no, no.

We can talk about Flea.

Flea played Tony in his sophomore year production of West Side Story and sang Maria and realized I don't have the pipes for this.

I don't have the skills.

So he tried straight acting, did the straight play.

It was the mass trap by Agatha Christie.

And the mass trap did raising in the sun.

Yeah.

Burned through a bunch of classics.

Yeah.

In New York, tried his hand all the while.

Tony Antina's wedding.

Back with the bass back.

Yeah.

The bass.

I played Tony in Tony, Tony, Tony.

A lot of people don't remember that.

It was me, Rafael Sadiq, and another guy.

I never got his name.

But wow.

You won a Tony for that as well.

He did.

It was weird.

He also did Cat on a Hot Chili Red Hot Chili.

Cat on a Red Hot Chili.

Excuse me one second.

We need to pause to hear exactly what you're saying.

Please.

It's not.

It's not ever the details.

Wait, wait, wait.

You're talking about Cat on a Hot Chili Pepper Roof?

Thank you.

Oh, that's by California Williams.

All right.

So anyway, the theater, Neil, is your new love.

It is.

I mean, if you've ever been in the theater.

Yeah, I have.

Yeah.

You know, I mean, they say that when you're up on stage, you dance with the gods.

The only gods and artists can create.

Oh, that's interesting.

I guess you're right.

Yeah.

Because you're sitting in the theater, the lights go down.

When they come up, you don't know where you're going to be.

You know, you could be in a dingy, tenement apartment or a majestic palace, a hippie loved in or a war-torn battlefield.

You never know.

I mean, I guess if you read the reviews before you go to the play, you...

Or the program.

Yeah.

You could go to the one, 1946, a tenement house.

So then you would know.

Sure.

You could find...

There are literally hundreds of ways.

You could spoil it for yourself.

But you don't suggest that.

No.

Do you...

What do you think people should do when they go to the theater?

Should they know anything about a play?

No.

Should they not even the title?

They shouldn't even look at the marquee as they enter.

They should just sight unseen, pay for a theater ticket and just walk in and see whatever is playing.

Face the correct direction.

Okay, good.

That's a good story.

What if I would pay a woman to blindfold me and lead me in into the theater so I'd know absolutely nothing?

What if you could pay one of the chili peppers to do that?

Or one of the chili peppers?

Or one of their wives if they're busy?

Yeah.

I mean, who knows?

I think the theater has a strong tradition of rockstar's wives leading people into the theater because rockstars are too busy.

Yeah.

Well, you gotta text them and see.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, the theater has a long tradition of people texting rockstar's wives to see if they're too busy or not.

To blindfold them as they walk in.

So they, yeah.

Okay, we all know that.

Yeah.

Right.

So I think you're sitting there.

You don't know where it's going to be.

You then you don't know who's going to enter.

You know, it can be a beautiful princess, a recovering alcoholic desperately eyeing a bottle of booze, a salesman, a sucker.

Anyone can walk through those doors.

Yeah, anyone.

Wow.

I'm going to get the cash list ahead of time.

Sure.

Let's assume you're going with our first plan.

And there is something of the disbelief, you know, the, what do you call that?

The suspension of disbelief where like, like an actor will walk in and I'll go, Oh, hey, I know who that actor is.

And then they'll start talking.

I'll be like, they're not talking about being an actor.

Right.

They're talking about some stupid shit about like, I just bought this house and I'm going to leave it to my.

Yeah.

And then all of a sudden you got to go, no, no, no, you're actually watching.

I'm activating my disbelief.

I should be suspending it.

Yeah, exactly.

Yeah.

Well, that's great.

Well, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

I'm rambling on a bit about my love of the theater.

No, because I've been trying to write my own play lately.

I love talking about the theater.

I mean, we had Justin Kirk on a while back and we talked about the theater.

So it's one of my favorite topics.

I love it.

I mean, but it can be intimidating to write your own play.

I can imagine I've only, I mean, I mean, you're a writer.

You're familiar with the, the scourge of the blank screen.

I'm sure.

Yeah.

I mean, I, I don't do it on a computer.

I do it on hand.

Yes, I do.

On Smith Corona for me.

Oh, okay.

Um, but, uh, you know, it's a, it's an art form.

It's already been mastered by O'Neill, a check off Ibsen Beckett.

Pinter, Pinter Shakespeare for God's sake.

Let's not forget about him.

Right.

So what, what can I say that they haven't already said?

I guess you're right.

That must be difficult.

That's, that was the problem I was having.

But then you know what?

The answer came to me in the words of the immortal Bard himself to thine own self be true.

Okay.

Yeah.

You know, which the peppers not to get back on them, please, let's get back on them.

Yeah.

The peppers, absolutely.

Yeah.

They had a sound that punk funk.

No one else was thinking of combining all these.

Well, P funk did.

Yeah.

Punk and fun.

Yeah.

P funk, but they weren't P fun.

That was short for Carlin and Funkadelic.

Yeah.

More than punk and fun.

So, you know, we're, chip, chili peppers, chippers, the chip others.

Yeah.

Especially Flee was influenced heavily by Booty Collins and Merle Haggard musicians, all different sorts and stripes.

So, but to vet to their own selves thine thine their own selves, they were true.

Did I know and self be true?

Yeah.

True.

True of all the peppers.

If you could do that in play form, exactly, with your writing, then I, you can't keep comparing yourself to the greats of your new rock band.

You can't compare yourself to the peppers.

Yeah.

You have to just be true to yourself, your own experience.

Yeah.

And that's what you're trying to do.

Right.

The truth is I know exactly.

So, you know, my play, if you don't mind, if I just kind of describe it a bit for you here.

I mean, that's sort of antithetical to what you say we should do in the theater, that we shouldn't know anything about it.

But if you really want to do that, I guess it's like my license plate says life is full of contradictions.

Your actual license plate or the frame around it?

No, the license plate.

That's a long vanity license plate.

I don't think it's legal.

Okay.

Well, uh...

So, yeah, my play.

Your play, tell us about it.

It's not about salesmen.

It's not about East Village Bohemians or Star Cross lovers.

It's about something a little bit more personal to me.

It's about a hybrid goose man who escapes from the lab where he was created after falsely being accused of murder and goes on the run with a wrapping android named oil slick 2.0.

Oh, he asked me.

That sounds about as good as Hamlet.

So okay, do your own self be true and you wrote about a...

You say it's a hybrid goose man?

A hybrid goose man.

What do you mean by that when you say a hybrid goose man?

Is it Ryan Gosling?

Well, we haven't cast it yet.

Right now it just exists on the page.

Okay.

So, apart goose, part man.

Yes, exactly.

Well, I can get into this.

Okay, yeah.

Because dude, right now you just know the story.

But you can't just have a story.

You're putting together a play.

You gotta have great characters.

Sure, sure.

You know, Blanche Dubois.

Mmm.

It's a great character.

But my play doesn't have an aging southern bell.

It doesn't even have an old salesman like Willie Lohman.

He mentioned the salesman.

He kinda hung up on this salesman guy.

I haven't noticed.

Okay.

You know what it would have?

A vampire who works as a hitman for the Yakuza?

Okay.

I don't know, that's what's important to me.

Okay.

In this modern day and age.

Huh.

So that's in your play about a hybrid goose man.

Yes.

You have another character that's a vampire.

Who's a hitman for the Yakuza?

Well, he's on the run and that's just chasing him.

Oh, the goose man.

The goose man's on the run.

With oil slick 2.0.

Oh, okay.

Okay, great.

And you know, my play, it may not have the acerbic word play.

Of who's afraid of Virginia Woof.

But it does have snake guns.

Snake guns.

Those are guns that shoot snakes.

They have replaced regular guns in this dystopian future society.

Oh, cause bullets were too effective or they were not effective enough.

Let's just say the government changed their mind about the Second Amendment.

Oh, okay.

Sorry to get political here.

So go on, snake guns.

Snake guns.

So you and I guess the snakes are propelled towards the characters and then bite the people.

Yes, exactly.

Are these bullet sized snakes or are they?

No, they're full sized snakes.

Great question.

That was a great question.

They are full sized.

Sure.

It's like rifle.

How do they fit into the gun or is it like long rifles?

Okay.

Like revolutionary war style.

Okay.

Like muskets.

Yeah.

Okay.

Snake money.

Snakes muskets.

The musket is the snake's natural enemy on the wild.

Oh, I never thought about that.

That's what that song Musket Love is all about.

Yeah.

Okay.

And you know, plays spectacle.

That's an important part of a play.

Oh, yeah.

You have to.

You have it.

But you know, my play, it doesn't have a falling chandelier.

Like the Phantom with our good friend of the show, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Exactly.

But it does have a sequence where oil slick 2.0 does a choreograph dance with a gang of Hispanic teenagers.

And then because of that, they help him win his next fight.

Hmm.

I don't know.

That's interesting.

I don't know.

That feels a little bit more truthful to me than dusting off some old classic like death of a salesman.

Wow.

You really don't like death of a salesman.

It's a classic.

It's one of my favorites.

Zack, what do you think about this?

Does this sound like a juicy role that maybe you want?

Which one?

There's so many.

I know.

The vampire, the oil vampire, the half goose half man.

Yes.

Which half is which, by the way?

It's all, it's one half of the double helix as goose.

The other half of the double helix as man.

So it's all just inherent in his DNA.

What do you look like more?

Howard the duck.

He looks exactly like Howard the duck.

Yes.

Does he talk like him too?

I suppose that's what the stage directions say.

Is he a duck or a goose?

No.

Oh, he looks like Howard the duck.

Yet he's a goose.

Yes.

Okay.

Interesting.

No, I see that.

Good.

No, I'm going.

Okay.

The name of the play is it, does it have an name yet?

Yeah.

Okay.

Quackers featherbeaks cuckoo caper.

All right.

I don't know.

To me, it sounds like you could just King Lear, the cherry orchard.

Sure.

Quackers featherbeaks cuckoo caper.

It fits right in.

It does.

Yeah, the long lineage in tradition of it kind of reminds me of uplift mofo party play.

It really does.

It's a mouthful but it looks like.

I wonder if Keats could ever rap.

Maybe he could do the music for this show.

For the play?

For the play.

Yeah.

You know how a lot of musicians like a Brantford Marsala, no, or a Whitten Marsala.

I love Brantford Marsala.

I love Whitten Marsala.

It wasn't Brantford.

I can't remember.

One of those guys, they started doing music for plays now.

Mm hmm.

Yeah.

Brantford sacks, Whitten's Trump.

T trumpet.

Man, that might be, would you be open to that at all?

I'd love that.

Um, theater's all about collaboration.

What's the title again?

Quackers, feather wicks, cuckoo, caper.

What would that sound like?

I think Keats could wrap his mind around that.

Let's take a, let's hear a little bit of that.

I love this.

Hey, here we go.

So, do you need to look at the, or do you remember it?

I remember that.

No.

Quackers, feather wicks, cuckoo, caper.

I'm a motherfucking, really cool guy.

I'm a motherfucker, really cool guy.

Fucking feather wicks, cuckoo, caper.

Specta goo, we don't focus on.

Oil slick is a fucking guy that my friends with.

Let me start over, let me start over.

Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.

I think I should start over.

I don't think I really did it justice.

Yeah.

Say the name of the thing again.

Lackers, feather wicks, cuckoo, caper.

Flackers, feather wicks, cuckoo, caper.

I'm a motherfucker, K-D-S.

I have a big penis.

I put a sock on it.

This is for a rocket.

I'm not a loser.

92, 93.

How are you?

Back in the day, I had AIDS, but I didn't ever get good grade school.

I was on different drugs than that.

I went to the pool of wet swimming.

Oh, let's get some ducks.

Look like how with the duck, I want the fucking duck.

I'm a fucking god that likes to fuck people in costumes.

A comic-con.

A stick, my dick out of a hole in a costume.

Yeah.

Does that work?

I do have something like that.

I don't know if you like if that, yeah.

Here's the absolute, the theme.

I thought it started pretty great.

That's cool.

It's like the title of the play.

I will say the playset in this dystopian future society has all these characters.

I'm a song where 20 seconds in, it just becomes Anthony Keith's talking about his own life.

Well, I wasn't trying to answer any questions.

I just don't know.

It would be tough to see how that would fit.

Oh, trying to leave the audience.

I know I do challenging stuff, so you know.

I understand.

It's kind of meanders at the end.

But there's hope.

It started well, you say.

It started well.

So with how the play, you mentioned a couple of characters that Anthony Keith has talked about.

See, that's what I thought.

I thought it started to eat up there.

That's where I thought it started to really go.

But he did admit he had AIDS.

Yeah, well, in the middle of that, during that time.

As well as an admission of not getting good grades, as I recall.

Right.

I didn't get good grades.

Had nothing to do with getting AIDS.

Number one, four.

Oh, good clip, huh?

I really enjoyed that clip.

That was a good one.

Now, full disclosure, I'd heard it before.

You have.

You heard the episode when it...

You're never on the show, but you're a listener.

Well, that's why it's so exciting to be here, because I'm such a huge fan of the show.

Did you want a contest to be on here?

Yes, I did.

Oh, good.

Did you put down a winning bid?

Yes, I did.

Who did you outbid now?

How much did you pay?

I think I outbid Sir Richard Branson.

So this feels great.

Ah, yes.

And I paid $100.

He's stingy.

He's rich, but he's stingy.

What was his bid?

I think it was $99.

Oh, my gosh.

And he just wouldn't...

He wouldn't go on.

He's like, three digits?

No, thank you.

It's like it's $1 more or Sir Richard.

Two zeroes.

Pause.

Why don't you do more characters?

I don't know.

I'm no good at them.

Aw.

You're poor at them.

Oh, by the way.

Oh, thank you.

You're welcome.

By the way, I do do a character on your podcast.

What?

The Dead Authors Podcast.

That's very true.

People should listen to this.

You've done two characters now on that show.

But there's an episode that was just released where I do a man whose name I cannot even remember.

The most recent episode, you play Clement Clarkemore, the author of A Visit From St. Nicholas, more commonly known as 12 The Night before Christmas.

And...

I didn't do the S on that.

Like I promised.

That's...

Thank you.

Oh, I hope there was not a B in there somewhere that I accidentally pronounced.

Nope.

The show is done in front of an audience, so we wear costumes because we're portraying characters.

And you showed up with a suit jacket.

You just turned up the collar.

Turned up the collar on your shirt.

Grap to tie around your neck in a way that people don't wear ties.

Yes.

And you said, I think I'm...

I think I'm too old to have costumes at the ready anymore.

Yes.

I used to have a bunch of costumes.

It probably had like a little...

Yes, of course.

And I would go, oh, this is my thing that I use when I do this type of character.

This is my thing.

And then I just like recently, I was like, you know what?

Why am I keeping costumes around the house to be used one time a year?

So I got rid of them all and I just didn't have anything.

But it turned out okay.

It looked okay.

It looked okay in the photo.

Yeah.

It looked interesting.

Yeah.

But I think people will be intrigued enough that they will say, I'm going to listen to that podcast episode.

But people can hear Neil Campbell from the previous Kip and clip.

He played Kip on Buzz and Bunnies.

He did.

That's what his name should be.

People can hear Neil and I in that episode.

They should seek that out.

That is the Dead Authors podcast.

You as H.G. Wells are the host of that.

That's right.

Neil Campbell played Irving Berlin.

Author of White Christmas.

That's right.

Yes.

So now, before we take our next break, we have what I like to call a...

Bunnies!

S-s-s-s-s-s-clip.

Clip.

And this is from episode 197, a few before these last two that we've heard.

This is from an episode called Please Clarify.

Please, Claireify.

This was an episode with Tim Heidecker and John Daly, who we just heard.

But you're not going to hear really much of anything from them because this is all Paul Rust all the time doing his patented new no-nose.

This was a very requested bonus clip.

And these are his new no-nose for 2013.

Let's hear that right now.

B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bo-nus!

Clip, from what I understand, Paul, you called me up a couple of days ago.

You said, hey, man, are you doing a show?

You doing a live stream?

You doing a podcast?

What are you doing?

Well, I say, Scott, I am cheese.

You're cheese-stop!

I am peeved!

I am ticked, pissed, and arnary!

Alright, well, I love to hear what you're so cheesed off about.

We all tend to get cheesed in our lives, but what you do is you get cheesed and you just turn that somehow, like, comedy rumple stilts, can you turn that straw into gold?

I like to say a lot of people think I'm crazy, but I just show the crazy things we do.

Alright, I can't out wait.

Alright, so Paul, rust, what do you need from us for New Nona?

I just need you to start the clock.

Oh!

Yeah!

New no-nose, people!

New no-nose!

What's up with these gas prices, huh?

They're always fluctuating.

Some days they're up.

Some days the gas prices are down.

Hey, I got an idea.

Why don't we make the gas prices all the same price?

And we just pay one down payment.

Ten dollars a gallon.

New no-no!

Every gallon's ten dollars.

And wait, we buy it, we make a down payment on them?

Hey, it's not going up.

It's not going down.

It just stays ten dollars.

But could we...

Okay, so I get it.

Okay, so you're not paying it.

But you're paying more now.

Okay.

New no-no!

How many of you got teenagers, huh?

Oh boy.

Leo!

Hey, remember when getting sent to your room used to be a punishment?

Now with all these Nintendo's and TVs and guitars, it's a vacation going to your room.

Hey, I got an idea.

What if the kids went to the parents' room?

No.

What if the parents went to their room?

New no-no, parents are going to the parents' bedroom now.

Oh, they probably just have sex in there.

Oh, run that by Claire.

Or it's like it will be popular.

New no-no!

Have you ever seen a movie and you go, uh, yeah, I think I've seen this where before, huh?

Seen this where before?

I've seen this where before.

Sure.

I've done that.

We've all done that.

Hey, I liked the Lincoln lawyer the first time I saw it.

When it was called the Lincoln lawyer.

I saw it twice.

Me.

No-no, I saw Lincoln lawyer twice.

And I thought they were separate viewing experiences each time.

Oh, that's a good new no-no.

No-no-no.

Here we go to a restaurant in the food they serve you as boiling hot.

Burn your mouth.

You no-no, all food should be cold now.

I like that.

That's good.

Give me a big old plate of ice cold spaghetti.

Mature D.

Really, the Mature D helps you out with that?

He usually just seats you, makes sure everything- No-no, the Mature D's serving me now.

Okay, great.

I appreciate that one.

Hey, what about these people who talk so loudly on their cell phones and public places?

Damn!

They drive me nuts.

These are the people I'm talking about who chees me off!

Yeah!

Hey, I got an idea.

If I can't hear the other side of your conversation, then maybe I'll just go home and imagine what that side of the conversation is.

And perform it all by myself.

You moron.

You like that, you dumb-dumb?

Alright, wow.

Nice.

You want a couple more new no-no?

Yes!

Yes, are you that cheese to give us two more?

And cheese!

No-no-no.

What's up with hand dryers, huh?

The hot air comes up, up, goes down.

Why can't it come out in a little Tasmanian devil-like cyclone that I have to chase around the bathroom to get my hand dry?

No-no-no, hot air isn't cartoon cyclone now.

Okay!

That would be fun!

One more?

Do you have one more new no-no?

One more.

No-no-no.

Teachers who assign homework on Fridays?

Mmm.

Gotta hate the day.

How about this teach?

Every bit of homework we have to do, you have to do.

Mmm.

Okay.

Wow.

Incredible.

Wow.

Hopefully you don't make that one your clothes.

Check my website.

I'm selling some of my snotty shirts.

Snotty shirts?

When you say that one?

There are my snotty shirts.

I got one just in.

It's no, I'm not being sarcastic.

No, that's...

I like that.

Maybe you could get in on this.

I don't know.

Maybe you could show them the square out.

I don't think so.

Tim, if you want to help me out, man, you know I'm a big fan.

Maybe if you guys know, if you know a shirt distributor, you could use them for something.

Hey, talk right into the mic if you're going to say something that golden.

Maybe...

BONUS!

Flip.

All right.

Oh, great new no-no's, huh?

How does he do it?

Why does he do it?

When does he do it?

Well, he did it right then in episode 197.

All my journalistic questions have been answered then.

All right.

We have to take a break.

When we come back, we will hear your third number one three episode.

You're a 13th episode right after this comedy big man.

Comedy bang bang, we're back here.

Paul of Tompkins is my guest.

Yes.

Paul of Tompkins guest.

And we're up to your number one three episode.

Still not quite sure how to do these.

This is episode one three.

Number one three.

This is from episode two eleven.

All right.

We've heard clips from episode two of three two four.

This is from two eleven.

The two eleven is the 13th favorite episode.

Yes.

Okay.

This is your pick for number 13.

This is an episode.

Yes.

Maybe not my pick.

Oh, you're talking in the audience.

Yeah.

Collectively.

I see your pick.

Okay.

Well, I'm sorry.

This is from Lucky13 by the way.

This is from episode two eleven.

This is an episode called April Fools.

Oh, sounds fun.

April Fools.

Now let me set this up for you a little bit.

Please.

This is with two people.

John Hamm.

He's one.

And Nick Croll.

He's the other.

Okay.

Now, John and Nick, they've been on the show many times together.

Old, they're friends of the show.

You know John from Mad Men.

You know Nick from the League and Croll Show.

This is a testament to how good this part of the show was that the early part of the show John was very late for.

He had a very late Mad Men call.

He woke up as the show was going on, I think, and texted us, like I'll be there in ten minutes, like scrambled to get out here.

And so we did a good portion of the early part of the show, just me and Nick talking and talking about John Hamm's texts.

And then when John got here, he read his texts as Don Draper.

So those were fun.

But this is an interesting part of the show where a couple of, well, first of all, one old friend of the show drops by and then we meet a new friend of the show.

A new old friend.

A new, he is an old friend now, but he was new then.

So let's hear that.

This is clip number one three.

Number one three.

Is it exciting for you to know that your character on Mad Men is descended from cavemen?

Aren't we all?

Let me think about it.

No, I'd say Don Moore.

He's a real hunter.

Right?

So, is that pop into your head ever when you're doing a scene of like, oh, hold on.

Holy shit.

Every human being was once a caveman.

That's literally the fun.

Did they know that?

Most of my scenes when I'm staring out a window drinking a smoke game like you guys were all cavemen.

Do you ever when you're doing amazing?

Because I'm like in the 60s, right?

I'm like, by the way, great mascot for insurance company.

Some days.

Did Don run the Geico account?

Yeah.

He started it.

When you're doing a scene, do you ever have like a bit of human modern knowledge pop in your head like a picture of a computer and it just like takes you out of the scene?

Um, yeah.

Holy shit.

I'm envisioning a computer.

Yes and no, because I'm an adult and I think about other things all the time.

But Don, but Don.

But Don and Sam is a crew like guys, I just thought about a computer.

I'm sorry we have.

Don, I'm in the innovator.

He's going into the future.

A tarry.

Yeah.

Guys, sorry.

I thought of Pac-Man.

Sorry.

Ruin the take.

Can we go back?

But I think that Don Draper knows that.

So that's what makes him such an icon in the future.

You think he's a futurist?

You're right.

You know?

So he sees where everything is going.

Now, like for example, he's obsessed with carousels.

Mm hmm.

Exactly.

And the musical carousel.

Is that what this season is about?

I loved you.

You're doing a revival carousel.

Does all of Billy Bigelow's lines.

Maybe a dream ballet in the middle of the...

Why not?

Yeah.

Well, we'd have one more season to explore that.

Is this one more left?

Yeah.

Just one more.

Yeah.

Let's talk about some of the products that you guys are doing on the show this year.

Like some of the things that the ad agency...

Let me guess.

Socks?

We have a sock account.

Okay.

I don't think I'm spoiling anything here, but Hanes comes in.

Hanes, Hanes, where do we get our Hanes on you?

That's a modern slogan.

I did not make that up.

Okay.

Any other ones?

Yeah, I would imagine plugs like electrical plugs.

We don't know any plugs.

But they show a sponsor by plug.

Wait a minute.

Who is this?

It plugs.

Is that Kupa-ga-witter?

What?

It's Kupa-ga-witter.

What?

See?

Listen, Kupa-ga-witter!

Kupa-ga-witter!

Is this two Kupa-kabras or is this just one?

She is.

Oh my God, Kupa-ga-witter!

The name of those!

There are two Kupa-kabras now.

Kupa, you have a brother that I don't know about?

This is the Kupa-kabro.

Kupa-kabro, how are you?

It's my twin brother.

You have a twin brother and we've been married.

Yes, he's been stuck in a spay-mechico for the last many years.

Now he has joined us.

Now he's a disco.

Welcome to the States.

This is such a pleasure to meet you.

I just got a compliment.

Have you ever met Nickrul and Tom Hamm?

Oh, it's very nice to meet you.

Come on, come on, how are you?

Wait a minute, you've met Tom Hamm several times.

Kupa-kabra.

Yeah.

And yet you haven't and you say you go.

Now he's from another country.

He's never been here.

Well, you guys are twins.

Have you been like swapping bot- or not bodies, obviously.

But have you been like taking each other's places?

Kupa-kabro.

Well, come on, start the...

Momming.

They know they sell a lot of people in the house.

No, some people sell them.

Momming.

I talk to him all about the show.

Momming.

But it's in a mechos and a lot of people sell them.

Momming.

Oh, of course.

Yes.

How roughly translated?

That's the...

That's the common man.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Don't drop it.

Don't drop it?

Don't drop it.

Don't they drop it?

No, no, no, no, no, no.

Don't drop it.

Hey, say, don't drop it.

In Mexico, in Mommé, in Los Ámbres en Ochados, it's a show about a man who is a prince.

Don't drop it.

So he's a prince, really.

You lose all that he's a race.

Yes.

Yeah.

Now, is this done mainly in the dialogue that takes the play?

Because obviously you don't reshoot an entirely new show.

He's...

Don't...

What does that mean?

Don't drop it.

When you hit Don't drop it, in Mexico...

It's in Los...

Oh, dubbed it.

Yes.

So it's all...

El Chupacabro, that's the voice.

Don't drop it.

You do the voice.

It's not the voice.

So you have to replace all the dialogue and all the dialogue is replaced with mentions if him being an a prince.

He's a prince?

Well, he's a prince of his domain.

Okay, so he doesn't work in an advertising agency in Mexico.

Well, erm...

Sort of.

Okay.

He is the...

Don't.

He's...

Don't...

Don't.

Okay.

Don't...

You know, it's...

El Hefe.

This family that are living a weird, non-home-looking place, and this is his principality.

Okay, so when he's at work in the Mexican version of the show, that actually is where he lives.

And all, like, Roger and everyone like that is his family?

Is that what you're saying?

So...

Pee!

Okay, what an interesting show.

Yes, it's...

You should hear him do the lines, like, the flatness...

The flatness line?

I would love to hear...

Yeah, El Chupacabro do some of those lines.

When?

Sure.

Say, I will...

Don't have to twist your arm, huh?

No, he's...

This guy...

Ew.

Okay.

Here we go.

Momentito.

He's a different process in Mexico.

Yeah, he's really got to get into it.

Flatness.

Somehow equals alarm.

Say...

And he's in English.

He's in English.

Wait a minute.

Why are you in Mexico?

Why are you doing the show in English?

Because it's not how he sounds.

So just to have the accent?

This is all in Spanish right now, English is all the same.

Neera must speak Spanish very well.

Wait, I've never known this about you, El Chupacabro.

Why do you think we speak in English?

Because it's all the tempo.

That's the audience.

It's important to understand.

Do you know that AMC beat Unavision in Mexico?

It's crazy.

So, Unavision does better here than it does in Mexico.

Yes, it is.

It's not very popular.

So, you...

Because it's all in Spanish.

So, you're from Mexico and you don't know any Spanish at all?

No, no, no.

Please speak in Spanish.

I'm not.

I want some because I'm keeping my hands in your head.

This doesn't make you feel bad.

But I'm learning so many interesting things about you.

I didn't know I had it to him brother in the two-part orbital.

I have to confess the last few times you've been on the show.

It's been a sermon.

Yes.

Just ask a question.

That's a good question.

We hope.

We're right here.

How am I supposed to know to ask the question, do you have a twin brother who has a very similar name to you?

I've told some interest.

Say.

Hey, all right.

Take in your fellow man.

I'm so sorry.

Okay.

Can I ask you some questions?

Say.

Don't you pick up bro?

What was your mother like?

Well, my mother...

She was a beautiful woman.

She was with many men.

Lovely.

She was a lovely woman.

She was with many men.

Many men.

Do you share the same father?

No.

Wow.

You're too.

Did your mother have sex with two different men in one night?

And one of you is from one of them and one of you is from the other?

Yeah.

My father was Ray Donaldson.

Ray Donaldson?

Ray Donaldson.

Wait, Ray Donaldson.

Why is that ringing?

You may know his name.

He plays the actor who plays the most interesting man in the world.

Oh, he has the...

The second he was.

Not the actor playing the character of the most interesting man in the world.

He was just the most interesting man in the world.

Ray Donaldson.

Interesting.

My father...

Here it is.

Is Ray Crock.

Who was...

Literally the most interesting man in the world.

Yes.

The guy who...

He was the original...

McDonald's.

I was gonna say...

Why did you do McDonald's brothers?

Right.

Come in, Ray Crock.

Ray Crock.

But Ray Crock.

Elevated the company.

Yes.

Sanchez.

You are the franchise.

So you come from money and you just come...

No, no, no, no. We were... they both came down. They had their way with her mother.

I said, she was an old couch.

And then we... you know, her mom was the town bike. She was a bike, but shaped like a couch.

Your mother was a bike.

Very comfortable bike. Okay, interesting.

But she's shaped like a... Like a... like a climbing bike.

Like something you will see a burning monk.

Okay. Yeah, I understand.

Shorter, combat.

So you have two different fathers. You have a mother who's a bike shaped like a couch.

Not beautiful.

Okay, but the...

Okay. And then you popped out and your brothers.

We did not pop up. It was a painful birthing experience.

Oh, I can imagine that. Because we were physiology.

Twins from different fathers in the same womb.

Were you conjoined as well?

We were...

An actor at the pinkies.

At the pinkies.

At the pinkies and you're not now obviously.

It was a fairly simple story.

About eight, nine years ago we did it.

And then I came to the US and he stayed.

It took a while.

Wow, I've always wondered why your pinkie has looked odd.

And I guess I should have just said...

Who looks at a pinkie?

You know my favorite kartomas, anaminiacs.

Yeah, with pinkie in the brain.

Yeah, of course.

I'm not brave.

That pinkie, a lot of people looked at and it worked out quite nicely.

Yeah!

Pinkie, I said it.

What else are you guys...

So why did you just never come to America, El Chupacabro?

Well, I had a pretty good in Mexico.

Yeah, that's true.

Redubbing Dondrapers, why is he in accent and English?

I had a good job.

I had a lot of family.

Wait a minute, you had them?

Yeah.

Why past tense?

But we say seasonal.

Oh, it's seasonal.

Seasonal worked.

They only make momming every six years.

One episode every six years.

It sort of catches cash cans.

You know what I'm saying?

That's the other one he did.

The voice, all the voices for catch me if you can.

All of the voices.

Tom Hanks, Leo DiCaprio, are the folks.

We did it together.

Police officer number two.

Yes, they threw me down to do the beer.

The voice always goes off.

You said that he did them all himself and you're saying you...

He was sick half the time, so I came down, I did the other call.

We switched off.

We have very similar voices, so...

Yeah!

Pink twins, of course.

Number one, three...

Ah, that was a good one.

Chupacabro.

He's the brother of El Chupacabro.

That's right.

Behind El Chupacabro.

Did you see that on HBO?

Oh, I did not.

Behind him was El Chupacabro.

That's right.

Yeah, in the shower.

Yeah, they had plastic surgery to look like each other.

They didn't have to, their brothers.

Exactly!

No, that's just a twist at the end.

That was a good clip.

That was fun.

We had a lot of fun doing that.

None of that planned, obviously.

And before we go to a break, it is time for a...

B-b-b-b-b-b-bonus!

Claylet.

And this is an interesting one.

This is now...

Paul, I went on tour this year.

So did I.

Yes, with me?

Yeah.

That's right.

You were around.

Yeah.

You were in the car.

We were there too.

Yeah, you were in the car the whole time.

Hey, we said thanks to each other for ours.

In a car!

That's right, that's right.

That was fun.

That was neat.

That was fun.

Okay, so we did that this year.

We hit 15 cities, I believe.

And not 15 cities, but we did 15 shows in 12 days.

In something like that.

City of day.

It was fun!

It was a lot of fun.

And we released them all.

You can buy those at the Earwolf store.

They...

A lot of people have said they are great, great episodes and well worth the, I believe it's only $25 for a ton of those episodes.

I believe you get it.

Hours and hours of stuff.

Yeah, some of them were super long and some of them...

They're all canonical too with updates on many of our favorite friends of the show drop by.

You have Ice Tea, you have Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber, John C. Riley.

And then special guests like Tom Lykis and...

Did Governor Jesse Ventura?

Ventura was there and...

Cocoa Marks!

So this is a clip.

I'm just gonna only play one of these as a bonus clip.

They didn't get a lot of votes because not enough people have heard them.

And Scott, may I say?

Yes.

That's a shame.

That is a shame because some of these are better than any of the episodes.

Those shows were kind of magical and the crowd was really...

The crowds were amazing and it was so much fun and everybody was kind of at the top of their game.

Yeah.

It was amazing.

It was an amazing experience.

And so more...

This is just to give you one of the best moments from that and to just let you know you should go over there and get those shows because they're great.

You won't be sorry.

This is from San Francisco.

This is Doug Benson is there and this is Werner Herzog talking about a hotel that we were staying at.

And this is your...

B-b-b-b-b-b-boom!

Scott, thank you for having me.

Forgive me if this is unorthodox but I am also staying at the Majestic Hotel and I would like to read you the review I've composed for Yelp.

I lie awake atop the covers of my cruel bed in the absurdly cramped quarters I have procured at the Majestic Hotel.

Sweat flows freely from my entire body, pooling under me and soaking the preposterous bag of air and stones that serves as the mattress.

A clammy apprehension seizes me as I reach for the thermostat above the nightstand.

Am I truly controlling anything?

Certainly not the temperature.

Mankind struggles always to convince itself that machines may give it sway over cold, over heat but eventually the earth claims every creature thinking or brainless and all of us shall share the climate of nothingness.

In the dark through the wall I hear a cry and the unmistakable sound of the breaking of a human tone.

Three stars.

Clip.

All right, great bonus clip, huh?

If you want to see that review on Yelp it's still there.

It's still there.

User name is Werner H.

It is still there.

All right, we have to take a break when we come back.

We will have your number 12 clip coming up after this.

Comedy Bang Bang we are back here.

I am back here.

I am Paul F.

Tomkins and we are counting down your top Scott Ockermann.

If we are counting down your guess 15.

Yes, we are doing it.

And I'm doing it.

We're doing it.

Everyone is simply doing it.

Let us do that.

Tea party or tea party with the tea party.

Oh man, hey, you're on key party with the tea party.

That is a fun of your dice catch.

I would love to see.

Let's cast it right now.

Who's in it?

Okay, Rob Riggle.

Rob Riggle has who?

Who is in the tea party these days?

People are jumping ship.

They really are.

You know what I mean?

Ted Cruz?

Rob Riggle is Ted Cruz.

That's right.

There you go.

There we go.

You got Riggle is Ted Cruz.

You got Michael K. Williams says.

What does he name?

Guy.

He fucking ran for president.

Why can't I make his name?

Wait, Mitch Romney?

No, Mitch Romney.

The Pizza Chain Guy.

Papa John?

No.

Papa John.

Yeah, Super Mario was just running me.

It's just the domino's annoyed.

I've avoided him.

This pizza guy.

Why can't I?

Herman Cain.

Rock you like your Herman Cain.

All right.

So, um, all right, it is just about time for your number 12 clip, but I did.

There are a lot of people, um, they want to know, uh, what the top 20 are.

So I figured I would just like tell you what just barely made it.

These are the five that barely did make it that weren't good enough.

That's right.

But so good.

Did you mean to say?

I did mean to say that.

Yes.

But, um, uh, these are five that just barely didn't make it out of the, uh, Honorable Top 20, honorable mention at number 20.

We had please clarify, which we just heard some before the break of that with Tim Heidecker Paul Rust and John Daly.

So close.

At number 19, the creepy Halloween special with Steven Yoon, uh, Yon, sorry, uh, Paul Rust, Molly Bredhauer and Nick Weiger.

Mm hmm.

All right.

That just barely didn't get in the top.

So close.

Twent, or top 15.

At 18, we have good feline's with Ben Schwartz and Horatio Sands.

Um, at 17, Magusta characters with Nick Croll and Chelsea Peretti.

Close one.

Close.

And at number 16, just a few vote shy, just a few, but let me count how many.

Just a 50 vote shy of getting into the top 15 was the cake council with Andy Richter and our good friend Cake Boss.

The Cake Boss that didn't make it into the top 15.

That did not make it into the top 15.

You better.

You should recount those.

Well, I think there's obviously a mistake.

You think because that is that one of your favorites?

For some reason, yes.

That was a good episode.

Our call is being an excellent episode.

That's how good this year was is those episodes, which could be, you know, the best episodes of any other podcast, didn't even make it into our top 15.

That just seemed, well, that one, the other one I get, but that one, that one seems, which seems weird to me.

Yeah.

Well, hey, you know, She checked for Chads.

Check for Chads.

That's my charity, by the way.

Check for Chads, right?

For every Chad people bring in, you'll give them a check.

Yes, exactly.

So how many checks have you given away so far?

Well, you know, only Chad Lowe has ever dropped by, so I've given him one.

Well, it was nice of you to mention him.

It was.

He's not around these days.

I'm like some people.

Yeah, really.

He's, you know what I mean?

Yeah, I know exactly.

Oscars, snubs and flubs, speaking of them.

All right.

Grubs, do they ever make it into the year end list?

They never do.

I, you know.

One of the best grubs of the year.

There, I've never seen that list before.

Your top 10 grubs.

I'd love to see just a list of larvae and maggots.

You're going to get it after that request.

Oh, why not?

He'd say that on a recording.

All right, we have to get to your number 12 episode.

Number 12, this is episode 222.

Like the room.

Well, not the movie, the room.

It's not like 227, that room.

No.

Well, that was an apartment, right?

Yeah, but it's not.

The number of the apartment building.

I believe this is the number of the apartments, but that's a room, technically.

I thought it was 227 was where everyone lives.

Maybe it was.

227 is a comedy.

I remember that.

Yes.

And then room 222 was about a school.

By the way, no one knows that that is the promo song for the show 227.

I don't know why I still know that, but it went 227 is a comedy.

But I know there's someone out there who knows what that is, and that was what that reference is.

Okay.

That's right.

And Marla Gibbs, of course.

227 is a comedy.

227.

Mr. Belvedere.

I'm going out with a doctor tonight.

That's my wife.

That's my impression of my wife's impression of J.K.

My wife.

My god, damn it, Scott.

Why?

What's the point of me being married?

I'm going to drop the ball on this.

I'm sorry.

You know what?

I apologize.

You should maybe get a divorce, though, if I'm not going to do it.

Thank you.

Okay.

This is number 12.

This is an episode called A Peanut in the Rain.

This one is very dear to my heart.

Yes.

This is a great episode.

This is, let's see, who do we have?

We have Gillian Jacobs from Community.

Oh, sorry.

That's right.

We also have Mike Hanford.

No.

Mike Hanford from as Ducky Powell.

That's right.

We won't hear from him until afterwards, but this is basically our good friend Gillian Jacobs in a previous episode had gotten married to our good friend Gary Marshall, creator of the Happy Days.

Please call him Gary.

I will.

Our good friend Gary, creator of Happy Days, Morgan Mindy, Valentine's Day, all of those things.

Pretty woman, director of that.

They had gotten married in a previous episode, and in this episode, we catch up with them and see exactly how that marriage is going.

Gary, tell me about your sex life.

Who are you fucking now?

Listen, this is, I'm married to the same woman.

Perhaps you are alluding to a strange relationship.

It was weird that I embarked upon with a young lady.

It was an illicit affair.

Yes, you could say that.

This is a young lady.

Yes, I grant you that permission.

I appreciate that.

This is a young lady.

She's an actress here in Hollywood.

We met doing your podcast.

She found out that I'm a wealthy older man.

She conspired blatantly right in front of me to have me murder my wife, marry her, and then become rich due to being my wife.

She would be rich, not you.

You would be as rich as you were before.

Slightly less.

I'm just always getting richer.

So you know, I get paid these residuals.

It's crazy.

As far as I know, the rich get richer.

And the poor?

Yeah, they get poorer.

They get poorer.

Yeah.

Yeah, it's a good setup.

Yeah, for the rich.

Sure.

Oh, yeah.

Now.

For the poor, I could see how you wouldn't like it.

What percentile of richness would you say you are in terms of the world?

Bring back the sex questions.

This is even more crass.

Probably 1%.

One, you're in the top one.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Must be nice.

It is.

Must be nice.

It is.

I live in Bel Air, gated community.

Yeah.

I got a house that's like a castle blew up.

A castle blew up.

Yeah.

So it's so wide and expansive.

That's right.

It's like meaning blew up like a balloon?

Like it's a bit.

Oh, I see.

It's like a castle had an allergy to something.

Okay, so it's not like a castle that someone bombed.

It's like if there was a royal family, they were made of peanuts.

Uh-huh.

They moved into this castle, this castle had a nut allergy.

I see.

So the royal family was made of peanuts.

It's a race of peanut people and they're led by a king.

So is it an entire town of peanut people meaning?

No, it's all country.

It's a whole country.

Yeah, you don't have the king of a town.

That's a mayor.

They've been wondering what, the desert for 40 odd years?

And he led them to this castle.

They made out of peanuts so they never lived in shelter.

So they're just kind of wandering around in a circle.

In a one point they stumble upon.

They're just like all sitting around like, hey, uh, you majesty, uh, what do you want to do today?

And he's like, you're looking at it.

And then, uh, you know, in rain and everybody would say, ah, this stinks.

I would think a peanut in the rain, I get soggy.

That's, oh, what a beautiful turn of phrase.

Oh, peanut in the rain.

It gets soggy.

Beautiful.

Uh, and- So then this thing- At one point they wander into this castle, they rub up against it.

This is, no, no, no, here's what happens.

There's like a guy in the court of the peanuts who's like, uh, he's like the, the vinci of the peanuts.

Oh, okay, sure.

So he's like, uh, hey, idiots, simple.

Here's what you do.

You build a structure.

Everybody can live inside it.

Um, so, uh, you don't have to get wet in the rain.

We don't have to be a peanut in the rain anymore.

Exactly.

We can be warm, dry peanuts- Toasted even.

Toasted, roasted by the fire- Salted.

Sprinkle salt on ourselves and we'll eat each other.

We're a cannibal kingdom.

Sure, of course.

Last man standing?

First to the victor goes to the spoil.

That's right.

The old saying.

Yes, to the- Yes.

So, is this how- By the way, is this how Mr. Peanut came to be?

This is later.

Is he the last- This is later.

Peanut standing?

He's the- He's the last and the line of the peanut king.

And yet he advertises for other peanuts inanimate peanuts to be eaten.

Interesting.

Yeah, because he's cannibal.

He can't help it.

It's in his nature.

Sure.

But you'll notice he dresses in a very elegant manner with the top at the monocle- To disguise his nature.

No!

To flaunt his nature, easy- You don't say- To send it of noblemen.

I thought it was because much like all of us, any time we put on clothes is to disguise our very base human disgusting nature.

I mean, look at you, you have an argyle sweater.

What are you trying to say about yourself?

If you're putting on airs of like, I'm a classy gentleman?

Much like Mr. Peanut, what I am trying to say is, don't eat me.

It would be a hassle to get through all the stuff for you.

Right.

Move along to another peanut.

That's right.

This is the shock theory.

Shocks.

They see a guy in a scuba suit.

They're like, oh, delicious seal.

They bite into him like, hey, you're not a seal.

You tricked me.

Yeah.

They move along as something else.

You ever seen the movie Jaws?

What's that?

Okay.

So now, we're talking about the peanuts.

They get in, they create the structure and- They build a castle, right?

They get in there.

Somehow, this castle, it's got- It's got a- Dut allergy.

Dut allergy, as you said.

Yeah.

Somehow.

Now, when you say somehow, what do you mean?

Like, how does it happen?

I mean, there was a mistake in the building.

Probably in the, in the mortaring together of the stones.

Then maybe they used- Here's what probably happened.

They probably, you know, like, there's workers that died.

They're inside Hoover Dam.

Yeah.

It's like this.

Somebody- It's creepy to think about when you think about it.

Oh, I think it's exciting.

To know that there are skeletons in there that- Yeah.

Oh, especially the skeleton pot.

To look at Hoover Dam, I get my grandkids together and say, look, Poppy's going to show you something.

Look at that.

Honey, look, there's skeletons in there.

The kids are like, ah, Poppy, why did you tell us that?

And they run away and they hide.

They think it's Halloween, they come back later, they ask for candy.

I'm like, no, you shit out of luck.

It's just skeletons in there.

Guys died.

They like that kind of language when you say shit out of luck.

They do.

They learn it from you, I think.

Maybe they do.

A case could be made.

What's the nastiest word you've ever said?

Ehhh.

Are you trying to wind up to it, just trying to get your mouth?

Think cock.

You think- I think so, but it's contextual.

Sure.

Well, in what- I worked on a farm.

So on the farm- What I was first- Well, I was first learning the film game, I worked on a farm.

Sure.

And I used to run the projector at a farm.

And what opportunity did you have to say that word while you were running the projector on this farm?

There was chicken running around.

Okay.

See, it's not such a- Wait, there was a double meaning and everybody enjoyed a nice little giggle.

Okay.

So I said, I gotta get my cock out of here.

And everybody, this is big in farms.

Did you take your penis out at that moment?

My wife might be watching this.

Barbara, turn off your YouTube at this- Did you really?

She- Yeah, I did.

I was a young guy.

Ehhh, you know, you make mistakes.

Hopefully- When learning the movie- When a lot of the staker did anyone- Did you- I mean- I'm not proud of it.

Yeah.

I'm not proud of it.

You're not proud of your penis or you're just the opportunity- Yeah, both. Both.

Really, it's- I'm ashamed of the human body.

Yeah, I get that.

I think we're disgusting.

So you don't have a problem penis in general.

You just in- No, same problem penises everybody else.

Yeah.

The fact that we have them is a problem.

Ooh, you led me down a road.

Oh, the primrose path.

It's not what I call it.

Let's get back to what we were talking about.

Phil Thali!

Let's get back to what you're talking about.

Yeah, what were you talking about?

You had an affair with a young woman, but that's all over.

Yeah, yeah, it's- It's uh, you know, it's over.

We- we uh, you know, we came back on this program.

You guys had split up.

I revealed to her I didn't actually murder my wife.

Uh, I put her in suspended animation.

Mm-hmm.

She was of course very upset.

Uh, granted a rebellious divorce.

Which Morgan Freeman gives to you as I recall.

Denzel Washington.

But uh, nice try.

Okay, I guess I have- Who was it George Washington Carver?

The nuts.

So um, uh, yeah, so then we got divorced and um- And you have a success.

And that was it.

And she's not coming back on this program because- Well, as a matter of fact, she's here right now.

She's here- Honey, you wanna come in here?

She's here right now.

Come on in here, honey.

Honey.

Uh, yeah, it's Gillian Jacobs.

Hey, Gillie.

Gillie, how are you?

Sorry.

I'm okay.

Hi.

She's catching him up on a history.

Hi.

Hi, it's not a sign I'm surprised to see you.

Well, yeah, you didn't invite me, but I'm- Yeah.

You're here nonetheless.

Hi.

And I also did not invite her.

What- Uh, what is happening right now?

Well, I- I send him a text message and um- Do you receive texts?

I received them, I don't send them.

Mm-hmm.

What does he text back to you, Gillie?

He- Usually it's those three dots.

Like he's writing something, but nothing ever comes through.

I- I don't know how to make it go.

So you- you press on the thing, and then it's just- Yeah, you have no idea.

Yeah, I get like the little balloon means- Yeah.

You talk here, stupid.

Right.

And then- But I don't know- Uh, I don't know what he's supposed to do after that.

Yeah.

Um, but anyway, I texted him that I had something really important to tell him, and I wanted to do this in private, but I guess, you know, this is the only time you could- Whoa, so this is happening- Whatever is happening is happening right here- Yes.

Live on our show.

My goodness.

I don't like the sound of this already.

Well- Mm.

Gary.

You have a- Wait, you have a sweatshirt.

What did- Oh yeah, what were you gonna say?

Continue to call me Gary.

Um, Gary- It's so hot in the studio.

Why do you have a sweatshirt and- Um, what I wanted to tell you, Gary, is that you're a father again.

What?

This is crazy, at my age?

That- That sperm's good.

Wow.

That's nice to hear.

Uh- Oh, by the way, that's what she said.

Yeah, that's what I did say.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

Also, I guess that's not really a double one.

Well, I guess uh- I guess this is to be expected.

Yeah.

So you don't, uh, wrap a- a Jimmy on that?

Who- Who has the time anymore?

You know what I mean?

I don't- I don't expect to be alive five minutes from now.

They don't make them that small, so we just didn't bother.

Oh, listen to this.

Listen to this.

Regular, uh, uh, Tody Fields over here.

Regular Shields and Yarnell.

Hmm.

They were mine, honey.

Okay, so, uh, here's what happens.

They were mine, honey.

Another great turn of rage.

After the last- Looking at it in the rain, they were mine, honey.

After the last time, we saw each other, uh, you know, we're waiting in the elevator.

Mm-hmm.

Uh, stone cold silence.

Yeah.

I mean, it is thick in there.

It's like a madman.

Yeah.

A fog of silence.

Yeah.

So, uh, we eventually get stuck in the elevator.

It's like something out of a sitcom.

Wait a minute.

So, the elevator stopped after this program?

Yeah.

That's right.

Yeah.

It got stuck.

Yeah.

You were here in February.

That's right.

We're forced to talk to each other.

So, eventually, we're told we're making nice.

Everything's fine.

We're talking about work.

She's on a sitcom.

I created the mod in sitcom.

Um, at this point, uh, you know, she doesn't know if community's coming back.

Uh, this is a show.

Uh, it was fun.

It was just about to premiere at that point.

Yeah.

On the bubble, right?

Sure.

Yeah.

So, uh, prime time panic.

Do you need that adjusted for a moment?

I'm more annoying.

I'm short, but I'm not this short.

Oh, let me help out with this.

Maybe someone thought you had terrible posture.

They assumed you were going to slouch.

They saw your army jacket.

They're like, hey, Travis Bickle over here.

Let him, uh, slouch into the microphone.

Very funny.

I'm wearing a scarf.

You know what?

I'm a new mother.

I don't have time for, you know.

I'm very good at it so far.

They were holding the baby upside down.

Oh, you got to watch out for the Fontanelle, which is not a girl group, by the way.

It's not a, was that Fonzie's girlfriend?

Pinkie Tuscadero.

Oh, God, that was Fontanelle.

Sorry.

Um, so, um, so, Oh my gosh.

Look at that thing.

So she says, he's a beautiful little, uh, boy girl.

For those of you just listening to.

That was something I didn't want to get to till later, but our, our child was born without genitals.

Oh my God.

No, I'm not really bad.

Can I, can I feel that?

Yeah.

Get in there.

There's nothing to do.

But rather than there.

Nothing there.

That's very, nothing there.

Make me very uncomfortable.

Nothing there either.

That's just a dent.

There's no hole.

There's no but hole.

Uh, uh, everything he's up now.

Everything he's up now.

I'd love to tear him a new one.

He's, he is, he is what happened.

I said, I'll make you a bet if community gets picked up for another season, I will have sex with you.

Yep.

I never thought in a million years that show would get picked up.

No one did.

No references.

Hey, it's guys.

Like he loves the movie so much.

Let's do the movie.

They do the movie.

All right.

That's the story.

Yeah.

It's like, you know, hey, I love Reservoir Dogs.

They start it and then by the end, you know, Mr. Pink gets shot at the end.

What?

So anyway, uh, so yeah, we are.

So what I'm not understanding is.

So months later, you're trapped in the elevator in February.

Yeah.

You promised to have sex with her if it gets picked up.

It was picked up maybe three weeks ago.

That's right.

Yeah.

And there's a baby here.

Yep.

Thank you for walking me through the timeline because this does seem strange.

Seems a little strange.

Because how old is this baby?

This baby is non-gendered baby.

This baby is like nine hours old.

You said you just said this baby today.

Yep.

So tracking nine months back, that's November, which is when you guys were...

Okay. So maybe this is...

Oh, did you hear that?

Oh my goodness.

It's talking.

So maybe this baby was conceived while you guys were still in the throes of passion.

I think this baby was conceived in February.

It was born.

Hold on a second.

That's when all babies are conceived.

In the throes of passion?

Yeah.

No, it wasn't conceived on the phone.

But my...

Well, it could have been rape.

Boy, oh boy.

I don't think that word has ever been said on this program.

Please.

Boy.

Gilly.

Sorry.

I mean, I'm just saying...

Can't believe that actually happened.

But...

Sorry.

Did you guys have sex in the elevator?

Yes.

But why do no?

No, no, no, we didn't have sex in the elevator.

We had phone sex in the elevator.

With whom?

We tried to talk.

We said, hey, I'm getting a signal.

Are you?

She said, yes.

We turned up backs.

We sat back to back and we had phone sex.

In the elevator.

So you were sitting back to back there so you could sort of feel the vibrations of what it...

Yeah, it was very erotic.

Okay.

So wait, you have phone sex in the elevator?

Yes.

And then five months later, there's a baby.

No, well, yeah.

We had penetrative sex.

When did I get picked up like two weeks ago or something like that?

I think so.

Something like that?

Yeah.

When it's like two weeks ago.

Penetrated her, she says.

This is...

We're talking about sexual intercourse.

Yeah.

But just like burst in here.

Hey, I'm not barber mocks.

All right.

So how does this happen, Gilly?

Well, he undid his pants.

Oh my goodness.

Continue.

Pulled down his underwear.

Oh god.

Please go on.

I mean...

It sounds less erotic now in the telling.

Yeah, tidy whities or...

Uh, he wears loose boxers.

Very loose.

Barely held up.

Who's texting you?

The professionalism council?

Oh, look at that.

So good.

And he wears loose boxers?

Loose boxers.

Yeah, like one size too big.

The elastics kind of worn out.

They're barely holding on.

They're perfectly good.

Why should I throw them away?

It's got a tight belt over those pants.

So you penetrate Gilly here.

Yep.

And how does a baby...

Do you have like some sort of super sperm?

Is that what we're...

I told you the sperm's good.

That's not for me to say.

The sperm is good.

How many...

How many of your kids came about in this manner where...

They were born within two weeks.

Uh, all of them.

Sorry, it's hungry.

I got it.

Oh my goodness.

All of my viewers are getting a treat here.

Right, through the clothes.

It's a strong baby.

Yeah, all my children had a gestation period of two weeks.

Can I...

Okay, and this is going to sound really crazy.

And I hesitate to even say it.

Quite honestly, because it sounds fanciful.

And I think the answer has to be no.

All right.

I don't think it's possible what I'm asking, but I'm just going to throw it out there anyway.

Okay.

Are you from some sort of race of alien super beings?

Whoa.

Never been asked that before.

I can see why not.

It couldn't even be possible.

I don't know why I asked it, but are you some sort of alien super being that comes from another world that has come here to impregnate our women?

Our Hollywood actresses.

I mean, that's not the only thing I came here to do.

Oh, sir.

Yeah, yeah, I am.

You are.

Yeah.

God.

Yeah, from out of space.

Yeah, why what was the other thing you came here to do to create a Hollywood television shows and movies?

And what about the Loch Ness Monster in the Bigfoot?

I'm trying to find that Loch Ness Monster.

Why are you trying to find them?

Are they a threat to your super being?

I want no, I want to bring the Loch Ness Monster back to my home planet as an example of mythology.

I was going to say as an example of Earth creatures.

It's not an example of Earth creatures because no one's been able to find it.

Well, it honestly is the thing.

I've become very attached to the Earth and I don't want it to be destroyed.

So I think if I bring the Loch Ness Monster back there, everybody will be afraid they won't destroy the Earth.

Terry.

No, I'm not so bad after all.

Terry.

Oh, I just, I'm just a simple guy from another planet.

I want to impregnate Hollywood actresses, make movies, and find the Loch Ness Monster and scare my home planet.

Two-part question.

What is the name of your home planet and be, are we under threat of being destroyed by them?

I'll take the second part first, Scott.

That's fair.

Yes, you are in danger of being destroyed by my planet.

Looming?

Danger?

Dammit it, danger.

And the number two of the name of the planet is Gregor.

Gregor?

Yes.

Is that with a hyphen at all?

Nope.

Just like it sounds.

And are all the letters right after each other?

Nope.

No, they're all mixed up.

Not on your planet.

Interesting.

Wow.

And so this is an half alien.

I mean, I'm assuming you're a human being.

Wait, I have a question for you.

Sure.

This makes a lot of sense now.

Now on your planet, our baby's born, Sam's genitals.

Yeah, we don't need them.

Okay.

So then how did you get your- So what's that beautiful dick of yours?

I mean, where'd that come from?

You're sweet to say.

That beautiful sweet dick.

Where did it come from?

It's a thing that I can grow.

If I need to.

Okay.

Yeah.

We're compatible with any species in the universe.

Under dire circumstances, you can grow that.

Yeah, you want to know.

So can this baby grow what it needs to grow?

No, you can stop too.

Because it's only half.

Oh man.

Hayley is a half-y.

Yeah.

What do I do about the lack of butthole?

You won't have to worry about it.

All right.

Do I feed it?

Do I keep feeding it?

Nope.

Don't have a feed it.

You didn't feed it, did you?

Well, I held it.

Yeah, you've held it like that.

That's not really- That's feeding.

That's feeding.

But it was through, I mean, through my shirt.

So why have you been doing it?

It wanted to.

Oh, we got to- You feed me.

It's talking to you.

Was that you?

I don't think so.

No.

Her mouth wasn't moving, obviously.

I wasn't paid to- Feed me!

Feed me!

Well, this is a fascinating story, and I want to know more about this.

I'm sure people are bored.

You think people are bored by the revelation that there's alien life here on Earth?

All right, well, you are- Yeah.

You have a shorter attention span than I.

But what- Hey, well, you get to be my age.

You've heard it all before.

What's your alien name?

Oh, it's Unpronounceable!

Really?

Is it the N-word?

Is that why?

Yes, and- Yes, and it's not the N-word you think you have.

Oh, really?

That's right.

Which one?

Oh, it's- Oh, where do we have on my own plan?

Mm.

Number one, two.

Great episode.

Oh, maybe the greatest.

I'm surprised that it's so low in the rankings.

Number 12- If that is a number 12 clip, man, the next 11 are going to be amazing.

They better be.

Well, I want you guys to come back and listen to part two.

I do too.

Well, you're going to be here for it.

Well, no, no, I want them to come back to you.

Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you do.

Well, for them!

For the low now!

Okay, listen, listeners, I also want you to come back.

It's not just Scott.

It's not like Scott wants you to come back, and I'm like, I hope they stay away.

I want you to come back too.

Good, good.

Thank you.

It's good to express something like that.

That felt good to say.

Thank you, Scott.

Very good.

So, come back to that.

Part two of our very special best of 2013.

And before we go out, we're going to hear something else from that episode of Peanut in the Rain.

This is my campford as Ducky Powell doing his wonderful song.

Oh.

Ha, ha, ha, ha.

We will see you on the next episode.

Part two of 2013.

See you then!

Ah, for now!

Well, so where are we in this?

We seem to be at a stale place.

What in the rain does it take?

We find ourselves at a curious crossroads.

What?

I'm maybe the hottest I've ever been.

I should say, Scott.

Don't take that jacket off.

Don't know.

I will not.

Don't think you're right.

What brings you by today?

Well, that's sort of a question that I host my day.

Please sit.

I was going to sing a song if I could.

Oh boy!

Yes, yes, yes, yes!

Music, music, music, music!

Yeah, yeah, music, yeah!

Yeah, sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it, sing it.

Sing it, sing it, sing it.

Sing it the song.

Well, I would enjoy some accompaniment, if possible.

He's got a Malefluis voice.

Well, what is it?

I could carry it to him.

Guys, do you hear that?

You're not wearing headphones.

No.

I see gnarly trails.

Fresh powder too.

I grab bits of air.

So tasty, it's true.

And I think to myself, what a thrashable slope.

All my ski buds are grabbing tasty air.

I'm going to count these.

There are smiles on their faces as they pop.

Nasty flair.

I see gnarly back scratchers.

What?

And tasty daffes too, their tricks.

What they're really saying is skiing fucking rules.

I munch tasty powder.

19.

Talking about snow.

There are so many trails.

I'll never know.

Oh my god, most of all.

And I think to myself, what a thrashable slope.

And I think to myself, the nasty, tasty, gnarly little slope.

Skiing rules.

Oh wow.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf, radio, boom, dog, come.

The world's dead.

.
