Happy holidays to you and yours, Love Grandma.

Welcome to Kami Bang Bang.

It's a good catch for you.

Thanks to Steve H for that.

Steve, I bet it's Steve Hennell.

Is that maybe?

No, it sure is.

Who I wouldn't have been.

I don't know.

Just guessing if people's last names.

I bet it is.

I don't know.

I wouldn't.

Oh, welcome to the show.

Oh, thanks.

Scott Augerman here.

Merry Christmas to you all.

Merry Christmas.

Oh, oh, oh, oh.

And I have a horse.

I am crying.

I saw a murder.

Why do you say that?

Why do you say, oh, oh, oh?

No, I'm crying.

Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.

Santa does sneak down our chimneys.

I would imagine how many murders do you think Santa has seen over the hundreds of years that he's done this?

He never occurred to me.

That, of course, he's got it.

It just stands to reason.

He has to have seen quite a few people taking shits.

What is he?

Well, in their living room.

I'm sure people are chiming.

You take a shit with your bathroom door open sometimes, don't you?

No.

Never have?

No.

Well, if you're alone at the house, why go?

I just never tell.

Ah.

So, I'm sure he's seen.

That's a weird floor plan though.

There's a chimney of your fireplace.

And then directly occurs.

Directly occurs a direct line to your open bathroom.

Sure, there's some dude in the toilet facing the door.

He's taking a shit.

All of a sudden, or the sudden, look.

Asunder!

No!

It's all of a sudden.

What's it mean?

It's not like, couldn't care less.

That's a good point.

Why have language?

No, but it's made up.

It's made up.

You understand what I'm saying?

Look, I know you're a stickler for that, but that particular one is made up.

Here's why I'm a stickler.

It doesn't offend me that you say it incorrectly.

I'm concerned for you sounding stupid.

I have ever since it was brought to my attention that it was incorrect.

And by the way, my parents say it, which is why I say it.

Oh, I know.

Apple and fall far from the tree.

My parents were simple country folk.

But ever since it was brought to my attention, I have to say 90% of the people say it the way I say it.

I hear it all the time.

Can I say you're the only person I know who says it?

I hear it all the time.

I bet you do.

I'm attuned to it now.

I bet you do.

Who cares anyway?

But suddenly, I'm trying.

You grow.

Gling-glang?

Suddenly, someone's taking a shit.

Suddenly, Santa...

Oh yeah, let's get back to this for sure.

Santa comes down the chimney.

And the guy on the toilet, Bear-ass naked, probably goes whoopsie.

And then he's got to let one go, ploop splash.

And there's Santa just staring him in the eyes.

How many times must that have happened?

You don't think Santa looks away?

You don't think he goes, oh, I'm sorry.

How many bicycles has he seen being put together by an angry dad going, God damn it, how do you put this thing down?

Why wouldn't...

So in this reality, Santa is real, but the dad still has to buy and assemble the bike.

Yeah, of course, Santa's in charge.

Oh, he just oversees.

Put that together.

Why don't you get the instructions out?

And how many murders has he seen?

Countless.

Countless, because the holidays are a very electrically charged atmosphere.

That's right.

A lot of emotions, you know, that's why there's so many suicides.

Christmas, I think, is the biggest murder day.

Well, Christmas Eve.

Christmas Eve, yeah, exactly.

I think, well, between the hours of 10 p.m., Christmas Eve and 4 a.m., Christmas Day, there are more murders per capita than any day.

So last night, a ton of murders.

Yeah, so hope you didn't wake up dead.

We're lucky to be alive.

We are.

Whew.

By the way, I'm shooting a gun at you.

Whew.

I thought you were trying to communicate.

No, I'm trying to murder you.

But the language of the doesn't matter.

Whew.

Welcome to the show.

Scott Augerman here.

I'm here with Paul F. Tomkins.

Hello.

I'm also here.

My guest of honor over the next, overall, these four best of episodes.

And we're counting down your top 15 episodes of the year, the ones that you voted on.

These are your favorites.

And on this episode, we're going to count down 11 through 8.

Mmm.

11 through 8.

It's a golden mean, as they used to call it.

Mmm.

Really?

You know, it's like if you have, if you go from 11 and you count backwards to 8, you stop there.

That's the golden mean.

The golden mean.

So, over the next three episodes.

From Harry Potter.

Oh, certainly.

Harry Potter days.

From Harry Potter days.

Over the next three episodes, we're going to be counting down a baker's dozen of your favorite episodes of 2014 of Comedy Bang Bang.

And I cannot wait to tell you what you have in store, what you're going to listen to.

I don't know.

I'm going to be a great guy, though.

Paul, we had a great time listening to our last episodes to catch people up.

Wait, Jared, it's got...

15 was Little Button Puss.

14 was their twins Jonah with, of course, Victor and Tiny.

Number 13 was live from Riot LA with JW Stillwater.

And number 12 was the Calvin's twins with Taren Kilham and Paul Britton.

Here's what people don't realize.

The you and I, in advance of these best of episodes, we get together and we spend a weekend, we listen to all of the episodes of the year.

All 60 or so, yeah.

Yeah, exactly.

And we don't sleep.

We don't take any breaks.

No, we don't take shits.

Just power through.

Don't take shits.

Just all Red Bull.

Just power through it.

And we throw out all of your votes and we just vote on these ourselves.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

We do look at your votes.

We find them interesting.

And we...

But in the end, I mean, who would know better than you and I?

Yes.

Exactly.

So we're...

Let's get into it.

You know what I mean?

Yeah.

Next episode is, this is, of course, episode 11.

Number one.

One.

Episode 11.

We're just bubbling under the top 10 here with this episode.

It's exciting.

And we had a newcomer to the show this year named a very funny comedian, comedian, named Claudio Doherty.

And she is someone whose work I saw online and a couple people, actually, interestingly enough, brought her to my attention within two days of each other.

Two people told me about her and said, hey, you ought to have her on the show.

I looked her up online and I loved her stuff.

And so she's made quite a mark on the episodes this year.

She was hilarious.

She fit in right away.

I'm going to say this is a great episode.

Thank you so much.

As we established last episode, last episode.

Yeah.

That is, of course, a great episode.

This is episode 309, Tony Mcaroni.

Now in a previous episode, Claudio established her character, which is...

And I say that in quotes because it's very thinly veiled.

She shares a name with the character.

Sharing a name and a home country.

And a lot of back story.

A lot of details, yeah.

But I want to tell you a little bit about her backstory just because we don't really get into it in this clip.

But Claudio has played a contest winner who won a contest to go to Universal Studios and also be on this program.

And it's basically her mother in Australia has wanted to get her out of the house because she lives with her mother in Australia and has sent her to America to get her out of her hair.

Yeah.

So previously before this clip, Claudio has talked about her new book, which is based on a very thinly, it's a Romana clef based on a very thinly veiled characterization of her mother.

The book is about a 43 year old woman dating a 15 year old boy, Tony Pepperoni.

And we find out that this is based on her real mom and her mom's real boyfriend, Tony Mcaroni.

So she has tried to disguise the name.

Sure.

So then the book is called Tony Pepperoni, I believe.

And so we've talked a lot about that.

Now I should say Jimmy Pardo of the Never Not Funny podcast is in this episode and he's himself and Nick Croll was on the episode earlier.

He has to leave.

And when we pick up this episode, it's Jimmy Pardo, Claudio Doherty and myself, and then a new person comes in.

And so let's hear that.

This is episode 309, Tony Mcaroni.

Number one, one.

We have to get to our next guest.

Of course, Nick Croll had to take off, but we have a wonderful guest.

He's a fellow.

And all Z.

Aussie.

I can't believe you hear this.

This is so exciting.

Yes.

Claudio.

Oh my god.

We have of course, he's an Australian actor.

You've seen him here in the States with his syndicated shows.

Our Shrift is here.

That's right, Scott.

Hello.

Wow.

Oh, yeah.

Wow.

That's my Ash Rift.

Oh my god.

This is amazing.

You know his work.

I have been watching him since I was six years old.

Every Saturday night, six thirty, everyone sits down towards Ash Rift.

What happened when you were six?

What made the change?

Why did you start watching him?

Well, the programs are a little risque.

Yeah.

And so it's not suitable for a five year old, but on your six.

Six is okay.

Every time before we start airing, I scream right in the camera.

There's a child in this room is a boy six years old.

Send them away.

Yeah.

I'm away I would trot.

But now, but then I was six and then I could watch and I love what you do.

I'm so excited to meet you.

What are some of your shows, if I may ask Ash Rift?

Because I'm not that familiar.

I'm not familiar with Ash Rift to work, but I look forward to hearing about it.

Maybe I do know it and I don't know.

Of course, what traveled to the US real successfully was a Roxan Roll.

Wait, you traveled to the US successfully?

No, the show, the show worked in the US real well in the state.

It's called Roxan Roll.

It's about a renegade geologist.

Rocks and roll.

Oh, this is good.

I haven't heard of it.

No, it's so good.

He doesn't take any S from anyone.

Oh, very good.

And I would now.

No.

Do you ever take any as a geologist?

I mean, sometimes you can study it and you know, carbon dated.

No, I didn't take any BS from anybody.

I don't take it in my shows and I don't take it making my shows.

I edit direct, right, line produce, wrangle the animals, cast everything.

I do every piece of machinery that goes into making that sausage.

That's so delicious.

What's your favorite job?

Grrr, sizzle sausages.

Sizzle sausages is your favorite job.

That's what it's called, Claudia.

Sausage sizzle.

But I love how you flip that.

Yes.

Sizzle, that's what I'm now in for in Australia.

Flip it a little bit.

Flip the switch.

Yeah.

Flip the sausage, cook it all the way through.

That's exactly right.

Look how excited the sheel is getting around.

So excited.

Mm.

Yeah.

Wait, is that a metaphor for something cooking a sausage all the way through?

Is that a euphemism or something?

For cooking?

No, I normally when one hears the sausage one.

See, this is what happens here.

This is what happens here.

They're all pivots, you know.

Yeah.

They're gonna control the sexuality.

So sorry, I mean, that's our American sense of humor, I guess.

Do you find Americans funny?

No.

No, I got it.

Oh boy, I got it.

Right here.

You know, I think it's funny.

Who's that?

Chris Meddogruso.

That guy's fantastic.

You know, he was here earlier.

Jimmy Meddog was here earlier.

Not interested in Jimmy.

You're like Chris.

That's right.

I see.

Last boss radio.

Mm-hmm.

You love American sports radio?

I love it.

What's your favorite sport, sir?

My favorite sport is biscuit ball.

Biscuit ball.

I've never heard about this.

Biscuit ball.

So that's Michael Jordan.

Instead of a basketball, you have a biscuit.

Yeah, that's Australian rules, biscuit ball.

What do you think of biscuit ball?

You like that as a quick way to make a biscuit?

It's really quick, isn't it?

It really isn't, it's just as delicious.

Look, making biscuits is so time consuming.

When that product came around.

Why are you sponsored by biscuit?

Look, eat as the in biscuit can put a lot of money into this show.

We got it for you.

No, you're the best.

The references.

But I do, I do when I'm out and they're out back.

And I'll talk to you in the out back.

Two to three months a year.

In the hot months?

In the hot months.

The hot months.

The best time to film.

You can get the most ditty-caddy crew.

Yeah.

RFI.

You've got to get it that ditty-caddy crew.

That's where they...

The outback restaurant.

You find that...

Love it.

Okay.

That's the one authentic part of Australia here in the States.

It's like...

No, it's different than Australian cuisine, but it's like eating Chinese food here in the States.

It doesn't taste like Chinese food you need over there in China.

Sautane cubes of fat and whatnot.

No, he got chicken chow mein.

Okay.

That's a good analogy.

That's what the outback is.

A love of bloom and onion.

Yeah.

I'd maybe hand one over there in Australia.

They don't have onions in Australia?

No, it's illegal to have an onion.

The onion is illegal in Australia.

Absolutely.

Yeah, because what we would do is ferment on a flamice, bums.

And people died.

Wow.

Lots of people.

Well, you know people die every day, though.

I know, but these were healthy people.

And they were dying from the onion?

I've been telling that point.

Is that the problem?

Oh, okay.

When you said people died, I just wanted to say it.

I think she's just suggesting people be walking down the street in one of these azzies with Roy, one of these onions at them and kill them.

I just want to be clear, though, that not every person who dies is because there's an onion in the throat.

Before what I can tell, won't she said most of them do die by the way?

Can you prove that that's not true?

Yeah.

I've been reading a lot of facts on a lot of websites that Ebola's being transported across boundaries by the onion.

You have such an authentic accent.

What part of Australia are you from?

Brisbane.

Oh, very good.

Yeah.

And is that your...

Obviously.

He's such a Brisbane man.

Is that your only TV show?

This rocks and roll?

He got dinties.

He got so many.

Dinties the mentalist.

Dentist the mentalist.

And man-shine.

Man-shine.

But...

Batman, Pap-a-shine, all justice.

Describe dentist the mentalist.

He's a dentist who happens to be a mentalist.

He was a dentist who was...

He was a cop.

Look at that.

A hand-charging cop.

Okay.

He was stung by a bee and he was brought another...

That's men-shine.

Sorry.

You're confusing them?

He's got a lot of shows.

Dinties the mentalist went in for a simple procedure.

He was given gas and sent under.

But he was...

But he was a dentist.

He was not a dentist.

But he was just a patient.

And when he came back, I bet them when they brought him back to life.

He came back as a dentist.

He came back with mental powers that would help you decide if you needed a kivity or something.

So the titular dentist is just in one scene of his origin story in the very first episode.

He's throughout.

He's...

He's been crucified with the power.

He's been...

Who's this guy?

He's been...

He's not his fault.

Exceedly.

So wait.

So...

But I just want to be clear.

He is not a dentist.

He was not a dentist.

But he was operated on by one.

Against his own will, he is the power of mental capability.

Capable.

Then why call a dentist the mentalist?

If the dentist...

Because it's like dentist dot dot dot.

So that's like dentist wearing a dentist office.

He understands she's a writer.

Exactly.

She's a writer.

You too.

You're a vamble.

You don't understand the written word.

The vamble.

The usual suspects over here.

Verbal.

But um...

Love that movie.

Yeah.

Do you really?

Yeah.

Did a TV show of it in Australia.

What's your favorite song?

My favorite song?

Yep.

The National Anthem.

Wait.

That was what I said.

Of Australia.

Oh!

What do we sing it together?

He is.

Rejoice.

Holy.

Yum.

And three.

The end.

Wow.

Short.

I like that.

Get to that game.

Because you gotta get back to the movie.

What?

Life is an Australian.

Exactly.

Playing Australian rules.

Biscuit ball.

Yum.

You sing this before Biscuit ball.

That's right.

And after.

Yeah.

But what we do is we have a whole lot of, you know, we're asking you calling a raccoon later.

Are they a split Claudia?

What that was.

Yeah.

We don't have raccoons.

But after understanding what it is, we call them rubbish burglars.

Rubbish burglars.

You wouldn't call it by its name the raccoon.

No, you call it what it does.

Oh, that's how it works down there.

Oh, there's a rubber.

So you should hear what he calls what we call cats.

Yeah.

A little ace liquor.

A-slickers.

I think that you can call any animal an ace liquor.

Really good.

Not the way a kid does it.

Or however you call it.

I mean a kid.

What is that?

A kid.

I mean, yeah, that's, you make a good call.

Like a beautiful Siamese ace liquor.

A cat doesn't actually like do, like perform a cat action or anything.

You're right.

Yeah.

What are you calling a cowling?

You should call a cat a meow.

Yeah.

What would you call a dog, a bark or a, you know.

A roly.

Why do we call, why do we call the, we call them roly.

Why do we call the skin of trees bark?

That's a great question.

You know what I mean?

Call it tree skin.

I don't know.

It seems lost.

I don't understand.

You know where we are.

You have trees and all don't actually don't have trees.

Oh, we have trees.

That's what I do.

What?

They are a person.

That's what a tree does.

I understand that.

Okay, I get that.

Trees around.

So now why are you here?

You've never seen a rubbish bag like hiding in a tree?

Yes, of course I have.

See that has little speckly little eyes.

Ready to bagel your rubbish.

Now why are you- That's why you have to protect your rubbish.

You put it in a can of some sort.

Is that what you guys do?

Same thing down there.

What do we care about?

I've been a raccoon steeled the rubbish.

You know what I mean?

Why does that bother us?

It's like it's going out anyway.

I have another TV show I did.

What's that?

It's called Lace Dantura, rubbish bagel and detective.

Race?

No lace Ventura?

Lace Ventura, rubbish bagel and detective.

Rubbish bagel and detective.

And what does lace do?

Or is lace having a person?

There's a fool.

Is this someone like dentist?

There's actually a full stopper or a period between each word.

Oh, okay.

Lace.

What about a period in the- Vantura.

Yeah, he's a sexy lingerie model that lives on Vantura Boulevard.

Yeah.

And every night he goes out and makes sure that all the time is in the room.

And makes sure that all those rubbish bagelers are staying put and not stealing rubbish.

He shoots them away.

Wait, he shoots them or he wants them to stay put?

No, no.

I'm getting two different answers here.

He's like, stay away from the rubbish.

He shoots them away.

He shoots them away with his shoes.

Might add a white shoe.

With his shoes.

Yeah.

He's got little lace boots.

Little booties or something.

Yeah, little lace booties.

Is that ever explained?

Why he wears that?

He's got a trusted rollie.

He goes with him everywhere.

He's got his rollie.

What's the lace booty explanation?

They're just really nice.

Oh, they're nice.

Oh, if anyone ever asks him, he's like, I don't have any booties.

So it pines them every time they throw them out of rubbish bagelers.

Another pair of lace booties.

Damn, the tapes.

Yeah.

And they're so expensive.

Does he buy them one at a time or does he buy them in bulk?

He buys them one at a time which is not sensible, but he's not a sensible guy.

Oh, that's part of his character.

He's a great guy.

Sure.

And we should be grateful for what he does.

A lot of hard on the show.

He's rubbish burgers.

He's the best, but he's not sensible at all.

Very good.

He's not in control of his life.

Claudia's very invested in my progress.

I'm a big fan.

How many episodes of this show have you seen?

900.

900 of each series.

Oh, my goodness.

I got to 900.

I said that.

No new stories to tell.

But there were 900 new stories previous to that.

We got a little.

And the characters from his shows goes to prison for three seasons.

Okay, wow.

Speaking of prison, my favorite soap barber of all time is Prisoner Sub-Black Age, which was from Australia.

Did you have anything to do with that, sir?

Did he ever?

I was the line producer on that.

Is that right?

You got your start there.

That's right.

Is that why you do everything on your show because you started off?

Look, if you know how to do line producing, then you've got the chops as an actor.

And you know how to direct a crew.

What's god damn it, what do you do at all?

That's right.

You can get paid for each of those jobs, right?

That's right.

No union.

You don't believe in union.

I won't let myself unionize.

But he has got a show about someone who runs a union.

That's right.

Onion.

That's very conflicting.

It's an onion union.

You're watching the name of that show?

I thought the onions were illegal.

Well, it's a very subversive show.

Oh, okay.

It's called Larry Patunia Onion Union.

Wow.

Larry Patunia Onion Union.

So he is a union.

He's a one man union.

Okay.

But he's out to get a fair wage for growing onions.

But you don't believe in unionizing yourself.

So was this conflicting for you to star in this project?

It was a story I had to tell.

Over 900 episodes.

Over 900?

How many?

No, over the course of 900 episodes.

Oh, I see.

But he didn't, he had to pay the price he went to prison.

Yeah, for three years for unionizing those ugly ones.

One of my characters has gone to prison.

Why is that?

Because you can't show, she can't.

What?

You can't throw, show you struggle.

So I'm getting a prison.

Are you all right?

I mean, I'm, I'm offended because we've been talking about being Aussies and the show Auss.

Yeah.

You ripped.

And, you know, Australians are all, it's a prison continent.

Yes.

So is that what I'm saying is it was based on more show called Ripped, which was about a bunch of Australian cephas who were in jail.

Yeah.

In the ocean.

Yeah.

In ocean jail.

Yeah.

Wait, so where are they?

Let me ask you, were there cells?

Were there, were there cells where the prison has?

And in their cells were.

As a prison boss.

Yes.

Was the water up to like mid height on them?

It's dependent on the size of the wave.

Oh my goodness.

So sometimes we- They were riding the wave, so it's very splishy.

This is amazing.

Do you have a new project coming up though?

Is that why you're here to talk about your new show?

I'm here to talk about my new show.

Really?

Yeah, it's called Tony Macaroni.

Tony, what?

Wait a minute, you're up to me this?

What?

I would- I'd like to talk to Claudia about auctioning.

Absolutely the right to her book.

Nike in and dot C, V-shirt.

Wow.

Goodness.

I am honored and I'm so glad I came here today.

Thank you to my mom for sending me today.

Hold on, Tony Macaroni is her real mom's real friend.

Right.

Tony Macaroni is the character.

Right.

Yes, but you want to do Tony Macaroni?

I want to tell a true story of Tony Macaroni.

Well, Tony Macaroni did sign over his life rights to me.

Oh, he did.

He did.

Why would he do something like that?

He's so dumb.

He's 15, so he's like- Really?

He's a jerk.

But so I'd be happy to talk to you about selling this.

He's very sad.

He's my only name.

Oh, I want to do it as I adapt this.

So instead of it being a 43 year old woman, it's a 52 year old man.

And a 15 year old boy?

Yes.

And you play the 15 year old boy?

Yes.

You play both of them?

Yes.

And you have a lot of love scenes?

Yes.

Okay.

I'm not sure why you want to make the- I- I- I- I- I- I- I- I- I know I've got a green screen and I know how to do green screen.

I can do it all.

Will you go to prison, both of you, or just one of you?

One goes to juvenile oil prison and one goes to grown up guy prison.

Crows up guy prison.

We need as far as the tunnel that we dig towards each other.

Oh, that's nice.

Is juvenile prison unisex?

Is that why you didn't?

Yes.

Okay.

That's why I- That's why I- Oh my goodness.

This is so- where does Arnold Schwarzenegger gonna fit into your project?

He's the eel.

Wait, this is in an ocean jail as well?

Yeah.

I- I could say that for the story.

Is it gonna be CGI?

He put his little face on an eel?

Is that why you're gonna have him do a total body transformation?

I see.

I got Christian Bale's guy.

Okay.

And he's gonna turn into an eel.

So he's gonna lose weight, I guess.

He's gonna lose weight in all the right places.

I know.

He's legs-sewn together.

He's- His legs-sewn together.

And his arms- Sown to his body.

Yes.

That's a lot of work for a role.

Well, he's patient about the work.

And how many lines does he have per episode?

It's the Golden Age of Television.

So he would- He has three lines.

Over the course of 900 episodes?

Why would he do the- When you're greater than each episode?

Ready?

Here's the line.

He'll be back.

Okay.

Very good.

This is where I get off this bit bus.

I feel like- All right.

We're getting off the bit bus.

Is that the tour?

Is that part of the tour of Universal Studios?

I can only imagine so.

Number one.

One.

All right.

Episode 11 on your countdown.

That, of course, was Nick Kroll playing Arshtrift.

His Australian character.

I loved how- Claudia was so- Claudia who is Australian is so- Seemingly so delighted by every reference that Nick was making, like egging him on and throwing in more stuff- And throwing more stuff at- More Australian stuff at him.

Right.

That was so enjoyable to listen to.

Yeah.

That's a great one.

I loved how Nick picked Tony Mc- He picked Tony Mcaroni, which is the fictional thing when he meant Tony Pepperoni, but we still kept going with it.

Very fun.

That is Episode 11 and thanks to all- Thanks to all of them.

We need to take a break when we come back.

We will crack the top ten.

Oh.

Hey, welcome back.

Comedy Bang Bang.

I'm here with Paul F.

And this is exciting.

We're getting to the top ten episodes of the year.

We officially right now officially.

Those other- We're cracking the top ten.

11 through 15.

All worthy and all could have been in the top ten, but they weren't voted.

But you know what, man?

I mean, if you're not in the top ten, you might as well be living on that garbage island in the ocean.

Living on garbage on garbage island in the middle of the ocean by the sea, by the sea, by the sea.

The ocean is down by the sea.

Some of them are.

Yes, some of them are.

The Indian Ocean is sure.

Sure.

Dead sea.

The sea of tranquility.

Oh, moon times.

Okay, let's get to it.

This is on your countdown.

This is number ten.

Number ten.

Number ten indeed.

And this is a very interesting episode.

This is, I would say this came out in- In fact, I know it came out in February, I believe February 17th or so.

This is an episode number 272.

This is an episode entitled Sex Party Season.

Oh, dear to my heart.

Ah, yes.

This is, of course, our good friend, Gillian Jacobs from the Unitee, and this divine decadence herself.

Gillie, sorry.

She made her one and only appearance this year.

Her schedule blew up this year.

She normally makes two, three, perhaps.

Yeah, it's true.

But her schedule got very, very busy.

She had community.

She had, I think, a couple movies that she did, right?

Yeah, she had a lot of stuff going on this year.

We tried to get her back after this, but hopefully we'll have her on a few more times in 2015.

This is her one appearance, and this episode is notable for the inaugural appearance of another person who's made a couple appearances on the show this year.

That is, of course, director Len Wiseman.

Director of the Underworld Pictures.

The Underworld franchise.

That's right.

Now, I've heard of a franchise.

Franchise?

Oh.

What were you zigging?

Like these eyes.

Oh, what about a little song?

He's got a little franchise.

No.

Like, Daddy Dave's eyes.

No, I was doing it like, I forget who sang that song.

What's the guess who?

Franchise.

I don't know it.

I've already said I don't know it.

You don't know these eyes by the guess who?

I don't.

These eyes?

It's like that, but I put the word franchise.

Day 19.

The Qui-R-O-Go!

That song is sickening.

It's disgusting!

It's disgusting.

Do you think Steely Dan knew they were disgusting, or were they just, like, honestly singing about what they were going through?

That's a real question for the ages.

Did Steely Dan know they were disgusting?

I don't think that they did.

I don't know.

But I do think that they realized it later and didn't care.

Hey, let's win a Grammy in 20 years for a record that we...

Oh, hey!

We're disgusting!

So what?

Oogie.

Shrug.

Hey, Steely.

Yeah, Dan?

Let's get together and make some tunes.

Yeah, all right.

Let's call each other Dan Steely.

Are you thinking what I'm thinking?

I am.

Let's be disgusting all over again.

The Qui-R-O-Go!

The fine, cool, um, man.

Mexican!

Wonderful thing!

Well, let's think about the fine Colombian.

Are they talking about cocaine?

Yeah, they are.

Oh, well, the finer things in life.

We're going to have some tequila, a cocaine party.

And then I'm going to fuck a 19-year-old.

Yeah.

And not relate to her.

Yeah.

Anyway, that's what that's about.

She doesn't know Retha Franklin.

Oh, my God.

Uh...

Anyway.

Anyway, this is a sex party season, and Len Wiseman, um, Okay, let me explain what's happening.

If you've been listening to the show over the past few years, Gillian Jacobs has a long, tortuous relationship with director Gary Marshall.

It's on again, off again.

Director and creator of Happy Days, Laverne and Shirley, Mark and Mindy, and, uh, you met him this year.

Yes, I did.

What, I've seen the picture, but where did you meet him?

I met him.

Oh, sound effects.

Oh, oh, oh.

Track?

Track 14?

Track 14, I believe.

Let's hear a little bit of a track 11, though.

Oh, sure.

You want to hear track 11?

Yeah, play a little 11, if you would.

Ooh, that's track 14 mixed with track 11.

It's mashup.

Very nice.

Um...

Well, I think we're almost there.

I want to listen back to this later, but I think that might be...

So 15 tracks sound effect record?

That might be the definitive track 11.

That might be, yeah.

No, just track 11, I'm talking about.

Oh, okay.

We still have those other tracks.

We really...

We're trying to make 99 on this CD.

Yeah, that's right.

We're only up to 15.

So where did you meet Gary Marshall?

At a table read for the animated Netflix program, Bojack Horseman.

Of which you are a cast member.

Which I am a cast member.

Fantastic.

And he was there.

I did not know he was going to be there until...

Did he create?

He did not create this one.

So he goes ahead and he appears on shows he did not create.

Yeah.

Very magnanimous of him.

Yeah.

This one?

Louis?

That one about trying to find good directors?

The reality show?

Oh!

The Janet Fernie was a cast member?

The lot.

A lot.

Right?

Yeah, that was it.

Yeah, I think so.

Now you met him.

He appeared on the show.

Is that what it was?

He did a voice.

He was doing a voice on the show.

And you found out about him.

I found out that morning he was going to be there and I was really nervous about it.

Because I didn't know of someone...

Because let's face it.

Let's be honest here.

Let's be honest.

Gary Marshall is one of your beloved characters.

He's one of my beloved characters.

I love him.

And so I thought someone would perhaps have told him that I do this.

Yeah, or might let it slip in front of him.

Yes, like on purpose to embarrass me.

Yeah, yeah.

Or said, oh, by the way, pulled as an impression of you.

Yes.

And then all of a said, whatever.

You have to do it.

All of the grie-grie-grie-grie-grie-grie.

No one did that.

Thankfully.

And afterwards, and he was...

Oh, and he was...

He was...

Of course you wouldn't.

He was hilarious at the table read.

He was perfect.

Because a lot of people...

Sometimes you see people at these things and you think, oh, it's just reading.

It's not that difficult.

Like, you don't have to even get full performance.

Val's consonants.

Just do them in order.

Yes.

Exactly.

Some people are not good at table reads.

They don't do a good job.

They don't get where emphasis should go.

Sure, they read like that.

Very flat.

Yeah, if like a word is underlined, that means you're supposed to emphasize a word.

I guess so.

I don't like being told what to do.

Okay, Chris, we're walking.

So he was great.

He was hilarious.

And afterwards, I thought I got to get a picture with him.

Because I am a genuine fan of him.

Oh, yeah.

As a guy.

First of all, all those TV shows meant the world to me when I was a kid.

Of course, yeah.

The world to me.

I met Henry Winkler recently and I didn't get a chance to tell him how much I loved Happy Days.

But you know who I did get a chance to tell was Robin Williams.

He and I did a show together a few years back.

And during the show, because we were all supposed, it was Jeff Garland's show, Combo Platter.

We were all supposed to tell stories based upon a word from the audience.

One of the words led me into talking about Mork and Mindy and the...

Was it word Mork?

It may have been.

It was something like that.

Where it was, hey, Robin Williams is doing the show.

Let's say something that's like...

Chosbot.

Yeah.

Chosbot.

And I said, please, sir, language.

I had to tell the story of how I watched that Happy Days episode where Mork was introduced and how much it meant to me and how the entire next day, while I was doing errands with my mom, I was recounting detail, every single detail of what happened in that episode because she hadn't seen it.

But you remember when you used to do that with your parents?

Yes, she hadn't seen it.

Yeah.

It was so funny.

You saw...

Describe what you just saw.

Yes.

In detail.

And my mother was very...

Just encouraged that all the time, which I can't believe.

How boring must that have been for her?

But to hear a little kid tell...

That's very sweet.

It probably took longer than watching the actual 22-minute...

Definitely 23-minute episode.

For sure.

So I remember doing this all throughout all of our errands and we ended up in a hardware store.

And I finally told the last few elements of the story in the checkout line and the checkout woman who, as I remember it was an old woman, but I bet she was 30.

This withered old crone.

She smiled at my mom and me and said, sounds like someone saw Happy Days last night.

Oh!

And...

But I just remember that so much and that show meant the world to me.

And so I told that story and Robin Williams kind of in a shy way.

And I had met him a few times up to this point and never had incredibly long discussions with him.

But he just sort of said, oh, I'm sorry.

Like he was embarrassed about working midi or something, but it was very kind.

And then there's a picture of him with his hand on my knee as we were sitting next to each other.

Like he reached over to Pat me, but it looks like he has his hand on my knee.

But anyway, and of course that happened in this year, of course, the story about him.

I don't know why I'm bringing it up, but I choose to remember the good times.

Did you think that there were people listening to this going like, does he know?

Does he know?

Someone did.

Paul should tell him.

No, but Robin was a great guy.

Yeah, he was.

And any case, why did we start talking about that?

Oh, Gary Marshall.

Gary Marshall, yeah.

So I went up and I asked him for a picture and he was...

He...

Of course.

Yeah, he was like, sure, we could do a selfie whatever you want.

He said selfie.

He killed me.

And then he told me he told me like, I'm wearing my red sweater because I'm going to a Christmas party in Burbank later on.

So...

The sweater needed explanation.

Like I wouldn't normally wear a sweater.

Was it...

That color?

Was it a sweater in general?

Maybe.

I felt like he wanted to explain like, I'm a little dressed up.

Okay.

Because I'm going to a party.

Right.

I don't know.

He was just making small talk with me until the picture was done.

Yeah.

But he was very sweet and he was very complimentary and you know, he was like exactly...

He was exactly the way I've always imagined him to be.

Him and Lost in America.

One of the greatest scenes.

Like Santy Claus.

The desert in has heart.

Our conversation is over.

Who is that?

I'm just trying to do your impression of him.

In any case, so Gillian Jacobs over the past few years has had a...

The storyline with your characterization of Gary Marshall is...

They've been married.

It's by the way, it's wound up on Gary Marshall's actual Wikipedia page several times that he's married to Gillian Jacobs.

And she always retweets it.

I know.

She enjoys this very much.

I find that sort of thing amusing but I do not condone it.

Yes.

Because people do it to my page all the time.

It's been done to me as well.

But in any case, so...

Never case.

Please.

Pre...

Previous to this, we had been talking...

Gillian and Gary had been talking about their marriage and Gillian is a gold digger when she comes on the show and she's married Gary for his money.

Weird choice that she's made.

And so we had just gotten done talking about that and then Len Wiseman, director of the Underworld franchise, comes in.

This is episode number 10 on our top 10 sex party season.

Number 10.

Seriously, are you in bed shape?

What's going on here?

Yes!

I need your money.

You know what?

I think I have a solution to this.

What?

I love my wife, Barbara.

We're going to be together forever.

Whether it's on this plane in another dimension or American heaven.

So probably it in my face.

But if you like film directors with a lot of money, I want to introduce you to a friend of mine.

We're going to go get him.

Oh, okay.

Oh, this is exciting.

Hey, come on in.

Hey, someone else will come on the show.

Who's this?

Down here.

Here we go.

I don't know this person.

Oh, hello.

How's it going everyone?

Nice to see you.

Oh, hello, sir.

How do you do?

Hi.

Oh, look at you.

You're a lovely little thing.

Oh, thank you very much.

I don't know this guy.

This is my friend Len.

Len Wiseman.

He's the director of the Underworld Pictures.

Oh, that's right.

Len Wiseman.

Hey, have you seen him?

The Underworld Pictures?

I can't say that I have.

Oh, but I won't say that I haven't.

Listen, well, that's very diplomatic.

I like you.

They're very exciting pictures about a, it's a war between vampires and werewolves.

They hate each other.

Oh, okay.

And they're trying to kill each other all the time.

So has a vampire and a werewolf ever made it and created some sort of half-person list?

Oh, good question.

It's funny that you mention that because that's exactly what happened.

That's what I would have happened if I were writing.

Right.

Everyone wants to see it.

You see them and they're so dark and mysterious.

You saw the sex.

Yeah.

Well, one of the movies just hardcore sex between a vampire and werewolf.

The directest cut.

And I'm the director.

Oh.

But there's a lot of, in the directest cut, which you can get on DVD, I think it's on Blu-ray.

There's a lot of hardcore vampire and lichen.

That's what we call them.

Oh, what's a lichen?

I think it's a werewolf, but we try to fancy it up a little bit.

Oh, okay.

It's kind of weird to say werewolf the whole time.

Werewolf?

Werewolf.

Where?

The warehouse.

Now, why is that weird?

Because we were approaching it from a place of let's make it sound, you know, so sexy.

Like a sexy lichen.

Look out.

It's a lichen.

What are they capable of?

I don't even know.

Yeah.

But isn't that confusing for the audience if they don't know what a lichen is?

Well, that's the thing.

We tried to make it less confusing because we said werewolf.

We had it.

We were afraid that people were going to picture, you know, Lon Chaney, Jr.

He's wearing the sleeveless t-shirt and slacks and he's hairy.

Or Michael Landon.

Michael Landon from I Was A Teenaged Werewolf.

I looked up all the werewolf pictures.

Is it teenaged or teenaged?

You might be right.

Okay.

But he was teenaged.

He was the age of a teen as well.

Yeah, that's right.

So anyway, Gary and I met each other at a DGA fundraiser.

What were you raising money for?

The DGA.

Okay.

It's nice to have money.

Sure.

And seems like the dues would cover that.

Wait, how's your healthcare plan?

DGA?

Oh, it's the best one.

And if something wrong with your health, do you?

If you marry someone, do you get, do they get to be on your DGA?

Oh, yes they do.

Interesting.

Are you okay?

Interesting.

I've got a variety of illnesses, maladies.

Mostly mental.

Listen, the reason I invited Len down here is I thought maybe you two would get along.

Gary told me that he knew a hot little number who was single and looking to mingle.

A little nice said, let me in there.

I just feel a little strange about this because...

Why's that, hun?

Well, I had no problem trying to kill Barbara Marshall, but I don't want to kill Kate Beckinsale.

Oh, wait.

Are you married to Kate Beckinsale?

I guess you could say I'm married to Kate Beckinsale.

Oh, yeah, she's kind of my wife.

I just...

You're what?

My wife.

Okay.

So, yeah, we do wife and husband things.

We hang out together.

Yeah.

We spend time...

My wife.

Yeah, we spend time at home.

Wife.

She's my wife.

We spend time at home.

You know what we like to do?

Wife.

We like to watch television together.

Oh.

That's I'm into that.

One of our favorite shows.

I don't know if you've seen it.

It's about a small town in Texas.

High school football is the big attraction there.

Mmm.

Yeah, I'm drawing a blank.

Wait, under the dome.

No, I don't think that's about high school football.

Intelligence.

Not intelligence.

That's about a guy with a computer head.

Under the dome has so many characters in it that conceivably some of them have played high school football.

Well, you could say that about literally anything written since the invention of high school football.

So that I think is casting too wide a net.

When was the invention of high school football?

Oh, yeah.

60-20.

When the Bill Gribs landed.

They immediately set up a touch.

They said, OK, kids, it's what we want you to do.

Buckle your hats up real tight.

Start running at each other.

Fight over a ball.

We want some of you to have concussions by the end of the day.

That's right.

Wow.

I don't know what the show is.

Oh, it's called Friday Night Lights.

Mmm.

Friday Night Lights, it's cool.

Mmm.

What's bad?

I don't know.

I feel like you're trying to say something.

What's going on with you?

What's happening?

You got a tick?

Friday Friday.

Spit it out, son.

What's happening?

Ah, ah, ah, ah.

What's with this guy?

Ah, ah, ah.

I don't know what he's a lunatic.

Ah, ah, ah, ah, Friday Night Lights.

Sorry.

That was a strange thing to bear witness to.

Oh, boy.

I am really sorry.

You seem like you have mental illness.

I don't know what to do, you.

I'm sorry to...

Yeah, all right.

I've been Gillian.

I've been sharing so much.

We all do.

Look, we're all in a crazy bit.

Okay.

Raw little nutty.

Not me.

Listen.

I just...

Okay, Len, let me ask you this.

Ah, ask me anything because I'm an open book.

Okay.

I'm calling Mr. Wiseman.

Okay, Mr. Wiseman.

No, don't call me Len.

Okay, Len.

Oh, I like the way you say it.

Is that sure for Lentil?

Yes, that's right.

Lentil Wiseman.

For Fremont, California.

All right, Lentil.

I know that the underworld pictures have been very successful.

Hugely successful.

Everyone loved them.

Great.

They're all loved.

So after the first.

One is more coming.

Don't worry.

I'm not done with the underworld verse.

Here's my question, though.

Okay.

Do you have profit participation in the franchise?

Oh, yes, of course I do.

So how many points do you have?

All of them.

We have all of the points.

The studio takes the net profit.

Okay.

And I get the gross.

Okay.

I get points on everything, money, pizza, gross profit of the movie.

That's right.

And I get the studio of the net profit.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

Oh, I see.

It all goes through me.

So it goes to you first and then you...

Okay.

The check for the box office gross.

It just goes right to you.

It goes right to me.

So everyone who owns a movie theater has to write a few books.

What's my P.U.A. check?

It's not to my house.

I think.

What's your P.U.

box?

Where's the book?

Okay.

It says 16.

Wait a minute.

You almost got me.

Oh, okay.

Well, you know.

That was a close one.

It's a filthy rich.

Got it.

Now, what's the Kate Beckinsale situation?

What's going on with her?

Well, you know, we're married, but she was married when I met her and then she wasn't and then she was married to me.

So I'm saying things are fluid.

There's an ebb and flow to life and, you know, it's Hollywood darling.

You know what I'm saying?

So would you be willing...

Okay.

Where do you live?

I live in Bel-Air.

Oh, fuck.

Was that where the...

Was that where the P.O. boxes?

You almost got me again.

It is.

It is a bell in something in the Bel-Air and the Bell-Air Post-O.

You know, I made a P.O. box map.

It's like a treasure map, but instead of treasure, it's the P.O. box.

Okay.

Yeah.

And if you get there, you can try to impersonate me and get the key to open it.

Okay.

But good luck.

Well, what if I talk like this?

What?

I mean, maybe...

I feel like I'm listening to a mirror.

Well, excuse me.

Could I open up my P.O. box?

No, now you're losing it.

I'm Len Weisner.

It started off pretty good.

Ah, you know.

I lost it to us.

Hey, you know, I'll perfect it.

I feel like...

Well, look, they are very security conscious at this P.O.

box place.

They are very security conscious.

It's a mail box.

Is that a ruff?

It's a mailbox.

Is it set a ruff?

Yes.

Do you even know Latin?

Latin.

It's set a ruff.

It's set a ruff?

No, there's a do-tell.

This is starting to get insulting.

Okay.

Because you're just doing me to me.

Okay, well, I'm going to get it.

I'm going to end.

I'll be out there at that mailbox as it says.

All right.

Well, you know, you get it.

You're the person too.

You can't show up and self-describe yourself.

How would you...

Oh, very handsome.

Very handsome.

Thank you.

Very handsome young man.

No, it's not, obviously.

Yeah.

I'm not an elderly man either.

I'm in my 40s.

I'm a good looking guy.

He's not going to die soon.

Ah, but I know.

Good looking guy, beautiful wife.

Can I ask you a question?

Are you...

Yeah.

Are you by any chance from another dimension?

Well, I mean, if you consider going to Cupertino High School, another dimension.

Yes.

Bravo, sir.

Thank you.

Bravo.

I liked that fun.

Yeah.

Do you like to have fun with murder?

Oh, I guess that depends.

I mean, what did you have in mind?

Well, okay.

Are we talking about a naughty game?

Mmm, could be.

Oh, keep talking.

Hold on a second.

What's that?

Len, could you put on your Muss for a second?

Oh, sure.

Like, not listen to your talk?

Yeah, Gary, you let...

You put them on either.

You're not.

Whatever.

You're trying to get Len to murder Gary?

No, I was thinking more.

Well, yeah, that would actually work better.

That's a lot more money.

Who do you think has more money?

Gary Marshall or Kate Beckinsale?

Wow, this is kind of a toss-up for me.

I don't know.

This is hard to gauge.

You go on your phone and look up people's net worth?

Oh, yeah, there is.

Okay.

Here.

Yeah.

Let me go on my phone.

Because I was thinking, okay, we could kill Kate Beckinsale because then they're...

Absolutely.

You would probably inherit all of her money.

Oh, my God.

Gillian.

What?

You're not going to believe this.

What?

It's a tie.

It's a tie?

They have exactly the same amount of money.

Oh, God.

How do I pick?

How does one pick?

Should we flip a goat?

What?

I'm not...

Are you asking if we should masturbate a goat?

Flip a goat.

Yeah.

Hey, I heard that last exchange.

I don't know which made last sense.

Wait, does a flip a goat mean masturbate?

I guess.

In your crazy demented, sick, twisted mind.

It could mean whatever you wanted to mean.

I meant...

We're all oddists, right?

Sandrititis.

Crazy time.

Are you a sandwich artist?

I am a sandwich artist.

That was the part of the story that I did not say.

What story?

Never mind.

Can I say something?

Yes, too.

As a rich person.

Thank you.

It's not all that's cracked up to be.

No.

No money, no problems.

No.

I don't believe I've ever heard that.

Simply put, the more money you have, the more problems you're likely to be.

When you say more, I kind of get it.

Yeah.

But you're saying something differently.

Well, it's a quaint vernacular.

Mo-apostrophe money, mohapostrophe problems.

Like mohcolons?

Like moh better blues.

Oh, okay.

Or moh-rocker.

Oh, I like moh-rocker.

Who doesn't?

CBS Sunday morning forget about it.

Here's what I do.

We shoe all the sex party guests out of the house on Sunday morning.

And then- Getting ready for football.

Getting ready for football.

And then me and KK, we sit there on the couch.

We snuggle.

Yeah, Cape Pecan sale.

Oh, okay.

We snuggle together.

We wait for that trumpet to sound.

Which, what does it mean?

Gabriel's coming to destroy the earth?

No.

It means Charles I was good.

It's going to show up with his bow tie and tell us about some quaint stuff going on.

Is there a prophecy that Gabriel's going to destroy the earth?

I've heard that one before.

I think it's that Gabriel's trumpet when it blows- That's the beginning of the end time.

Really?

That's correct.

Can you show up in some city fell or something like that?

That's Joshua.

Oh, okay.

That's from the Old Testament.

You have a different trumpet?

My people's book, we call it the Torah.

And Joshua blew the trumpet and brought down the walls of Jericho.

Oh, sorry.

I had a question.

Sure.

The first time you met, Gary, did you think he was Italian?

Yeah, do you guys go to the same temple?

I could- no, I don't believe he's Jewish.

He's an Italian man.

Oh, okay.

But I studied up on my directives.

I know everything about every direct.

Ask me any question about a direct- Any director?

Any director from the beginning of film to the future.

Wow.

Who's the richest one?

Gary Marshall.

Wow.

Probably because he dabbled in so much TV.

Oh, he's the richest living director.

Oh, who's the richest dead?

Sidney Pollock.

Sidney Pollock, yes.

Wow.

What?

He discovered a diamond fountain.

Oh, okay.

No one else knew where it was.

He periodically take these trips and then he'd come back with just a duffle bag full of diamonds.

Interesting.

And he'd have parties and we'd go over and watch them.

We'd look at the diamonds.

You'd just watch the diamonds?

He'd put them in a big pile and we'd watch them.

They're- And they have a thing to do with it.

And they have a sex party.

Okay.

That's what I was gonna say.

How long did the watching the diamonds take?

He has to think, well, it doesn't take long because there's something about looking at a big pile of diamonds.

Glittering in the middle of a mansion living room.

Okay.

It just gets the old juices flowing.

Oh, I bet.

You just go out of your mind and then it's lookout.

I'm gonna have sex with a person who has his next.

It's like a feeling of power.

Yeah, I'm gonna go out on a limb.

What doesn't get your juices flowing, Len?

Oh, and when we're talking about juices, we're talking about sebum, right?

Well, he has what- Yes.

I mean- Blood is also a juice.

Oh.

She's like doing quick break blood.

There is also a juice.

Let's say all the juices from the body we can.

Lucas.

I guess the juice.

Yeah, booger juice.

Do you hear the same thing?

It might be the same thing.

Yurin, sebum, blood, spit, bile, bile.

Spital.

Oh, I like bile.

Diarrhea.

The jelly that's in your eyeballs.

Oh, correct.

Oh, what about the wax in your ears?

What if you let go- What if you let go fight it?

Saliva.

If you let go fight anything, it could be a juice.

That's true.

I mean, that's what we learned by juices, right?

Is that- You can make it in the juice.

What about to- Tow juice.

Sweat.

Sweat is a juice.

There we go.

Okay.

All sweat toad juice.

Yep.

It's the juice that everyone forgets.

A lot of people don't know that the foot is the sweatiest part of the body.

That's why we wear socks to collect that sweat and to disperse it.

It's disgusting.

I have an anti-foot fetish.

Now, look, I'm a very sensual person.

Yeah.

I think that's clear.

Yeah.

You kept your boots on during- Oh, I wouldn't want you to see my feet.

It's disgusting.

It's shameful.

You were taking Bono's lyrics to heart there.

Get on your boots.

Yeah, I got them on and I left them on.

Yeah.

He didn't sing that, but it was implied.

Move on your boots.

Who's that?

Um, what are we talking about?

Oh, juices.

Juices.

We got- Oh, milk.

Milk.

Lemonade.

Round the corner, fudge is made.

There we go.

But milk is a juice.

Milk is the juice.

What?

Yeah.

Oh, yeah.

Boobies.

The body makes milk.

Yeah.

You were very confused by that for a long time.

I forgot.

I forgot that boobs make milk.

Have you ever had milk come out of one of your boobs?

Nope.

Will you ever?

No.

No, no kids aren't in the future for you?

I don't know.

I mean, I really want to lock down my financial future before I consider having some- I'm very concerned with money.

Listen, back to what I was saying.

It's not all it's cracked up to be.

Here's the secret to life, if I may.

I'm not, you know, I don't have it all.

I'm in my 40s, right?

I don't have it all figured out, but I've lived long enough to know that it's all about enjoying life, doing what you love to do, having good friends, good family around you, sex parties, watching football, and a good cup of coffee in the morning.

Wow.

That's great.

That's not complicated.

Don't you think I could get a better cup of coffee if I had money?

Oh, no, of course, you could get the best coffee.

See, exactly.

Like the coffee that I have every morning, it would make you feel like you're having a sex party in your taste buds.

Scott, come on.

Let's marry Lynn together.

Oh, this is sudden.

Wait, I've overcome.

I don't know what this is.

Three-way marriage.

I mean, are you proposing?

I am.

Don't we get married?

I am.

Once they started making gay marriage legal, I think anything goes.

Oh, Scott.

What?

I'm just sloping.

Sloping.

Here's the slippery slope rule.

Listen, I'm not going to marry any dogs.

Okay.

Hey, I have a horse though.

How about this?

Because I don't, I don't, I don't, I don't believe in the slippery slope argument.

Here's what let's do.

I'll marry you.

Okay.

Sweetheart.

You're a hot as a pistol.

I can't wait to get my hands on you.

You already did.

I mean, again, I said, like a snowflake.

We're already having fun fights.

And then since I don't believe in the slippery slope, I'll marry you later in a secret ceremony.

So I'll just be a big amiss.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

Wait.

Yeah.

Okay.

Back in sale.

Oh, God, I was married.

Okay.

KK.

Well, let me toys.

Let me talk to a, oh, I call it that sometimes.

How did you know?

I just took a shot at it.

And sometimes I, and sometimes I call it my little giraffe because of the mascot of KB toys.

Well, I believe that's the giraffe from Toys R Us.

Oh, I didn't realize I was giving him a wrong name.

She, well, she has a very long neck.

So maybe she's taking it as a compliment.

She has a long slender neck.

She's lovely.

Like a sexy giraffe.

She's lovely.

She is, I call it the sexy giraffe.

She's lovely.

I think if there were any animal that I could have sex with, if I had to have, we'll just get that qualifier.

Have you had some?

I had to have sex with an animal.

Let's just say that.

Sure.

Slippery.

Giraffe.

Why?

Because those long necks, they're the most like a tall, beautiful model.

Yeah.

Let me, let me ask you this because you're onto something.

What's the biggest problem with sex is that you're getting into it, you're getting into crazy positions and you lose that face to face enemies sometimes.

Not a problem with the giraffe because of the long necks.

Yeah.

Always turn around and look at you.

Always be whispering in your giraffe or I love you, whatever it is.

I don't know if they even make noise.

You think that a giraffe would say giraffe?

No, I'm saying giraffe like it's a language.

The giraffe version of I love it.

I thought that you were saying a giraffe would whisper in your giraffe.

Well, you know, certainly that would be a sign of acceptance, right?

Yeah.

If the giraffe addressed you as a giraffe, you'd feel like we've really made a connection here.

Yeah.

Gary often said his own name when we were intimate.

I thought that's what you were supposed to do.

You were just supposed to remind the person that you're present, that you're part of this experience.

And I would say Gary Marshall.

Gilly, can I ask?

Yeah.

What did he ask you to call him during sex?

He asked me to call him.

Please call me Gary.

He asked to be called.

Please call me Gary.

Yeah.

That seems personal.

I don't know why you're telling this guy.

Well, you're telling me that I don't have a shot with you.

You will not take me to this other dimension.

Gary, you two up tight and you loosen up.

Thank you.

You guys are going to get married here.

Yeah.

I think so.

Back alley Sally style through.

Yeah.

They'll have a private ceremony with you like David Geffen have with Keanu Reeves.

Oops.

What?

That's an urban legend from a long time ago.

You never heard that one?

What?

Hollywood lore.

You know everything about any director.

I do.

Even rumors and innuendos.

Tell me about that guy who directed that train.

This is my favorite film, The Train Coming Right At The Camera.

Oh, Bertram Cummings?

Yes.

Tell me something about him.

I love that movie so much.

You don't hear a lot about that guy.

He was 12 years old when he directed that film.

Wow.

Yes.

But he had that weird disease that makes you look like you're 30.

Okay.

But then back then anyone who was 30 looked like they were 80.

So you know, not so bad.

Yeah, so not bad.

Yeah.

Great.

So yeah, he directed that.

He was in debt to the mafia.

Bertram.

Bertram coming.

When he was 12 years old in debt to the mafia.

That's right.

He had a crippling gambling addiction.

Oh, okay.

He gambled on hopscotch.

Oh.

He was a talent for the game, but he loved the action.

Anyway, he had his head dropped off by the cozino.

Whoa.

Yeah.

I guess that's why he never directed another film.

Nope.

That was it.

One and done.

I love that one.

At least he made it count.

It's so scary.

Watching that.

Do you know back then people believed it was an actual gigantic black and white train.

I believe that.

That was coming out of a wall.

That's why I love that movie so much.

Yeah.

Even though the world was in, even though the world was in color, they saw this moving image of a train and they thought, Oh, it's come to life.

Yeah.

Great film.

Jumped out of the way.

Great film.

Opening closed the same day.

What's your favorite song?

My favorite song, Probably Happy Birthday by Mildred and Patty Hill.

Those elderly spinsters.

Oh, they're my thilly crones.

They want everyone to use a...

Wait, have you used Happy Birthday on community?

No, we have not.

I already know this.

I already know.

It's why chain restaurants have their own goofy little birthday song.

In case any of their spies are out listening.

I have a question.

How much money do those women have from having copyrighted Happy Birthday?

They're the richest people on earth.

But you know what?

No one uses their song nowadays.

So I think it's drying up.

Really?

Yeah.

There's something that's been set in place since the dawn of copyright.

What?

Which is that even if people don't pay for the song, they get money for it.

Wow.

The government provides...

Why do you think a government's always having problems with money?

It's because they're having to pay all this money to Mildred and Patty Hill.

Because the government is listening to everything we say and do.

That's right.

So they're monitoring every birthday party.

Oh, this is why.

Wow.

Yeah, yeah.

So they have a lot of money.

That's right.

Are they alive?

Yes, they are.

They're in their 100s.

Which one should I marry?

Ooh, that's a close call.

I don't want to be...

I don't like to be shallow or petty.

They have an aged well.

Okay.

I think it's also because they're evil.

They're evil.

Yeah.

They don't have a problem with that.

And so their outsides reflect their insides.

Oh.

So their gnarled old crones.

They're like witches.

They might as well be from a fairy tale.

Yeah.

Or from the underworld series of film.

Oh.

Will they be starring in your next underworld movie?

There might be some witches coming up.

Oh, okay.

I love this.

And also a leprechaun?

This is like later seasons of True Blood.

That's right.

Oh, they got crazy.

Right?

Yeah, I'm having Warwick Davis.

Is reprising in Warwick?

Do you mean Warwick?

Is it Warwick Davis?

I believe it's Warwick.

I said Warwick on this show previously and I was hammered.

It should be Warwick.

I mean, why spell your name that way if you don't want to be called Warwick?

Who is like more than one person told you you were wrong?

Oh, yeah.

Oh, my heavens.

Do they provide any links for proof?

Links are it didn't happen.

I said.

Links are it didn't happen.

L-O-I-D-H.

Hsh, of course.

Lloyd.

The Lloyd has squad.

No, from movie line magazine.

Oh, no, it's Premiere.

Premiere had the gaff squad and they would say, oh, he's wearing his watch in the one scene and then the other scene and he doesn't have his watch.

I love the gaff squad.

I love the gaff squad too.

The squad.

Oh, those are my favorite.

Why didn't they have?

Why how come the gaff squad didn't get their own TV show?

Yes.

Do you know Gillian, I think that you should be on a show that's like a drama, like an X-Files where you're investigating gaffs and it turns out they have a supernatural connection.

The gaff squad.

What do you think about that Apple?

Well, you know what?

Your track record speaks for itself.

You got the minus touch, Len.

I'd produce it.

You know?

I'd produce it.

So I'd be the buffer between you and the network.

Oh, thank God.

But I wouldn't direct it because we'd only end up having sex parties on set and no work would get done.

Sorry you're going to be the buffer if you're not going to be on set.

Oh, no, he doesn't have to be on set.

They're going to do all three mouths of phone calls.

Yeah, I'll call him with all of my complaints.

I'm very handsome as a producer.

They can do whatever they want.

Hands on as a husband.

That's right.

You're a handful as an actress, right?

I mean, I've heard stories about you on community of just how much trouble the network is.

Are you a bit of a divine decadent diva?

Oh, you know what?

I say, if you haven't stormed off the set this week, go ahead and do it.

At least once.

Before the week is up.

It's Friday evening, not too late.

What are your pet peeves about below the line people?

How they treat above the line people?

You really moisten your lips.

You put on one dollop of chapstick.

I was about to speak a lot of words.

Just one little tiny section of your lips.

They're very dry.

Los Angeles is built on a desert.

I've heard that.

Makes me thirsty.

I'm going to have a little bit more.

Look at it, Jake, it's Chinatown.

Classic film.

Who was that directed by?

Could have used a werewolf.

That was directed by a Roman plansky.

Oh, you didn't do that.

You know a secret about him.

What?

He was convicted of statutory rape.

Correct.

Wow.

I've never heard that before.

He had to flee the country.

Correct.

Wow.

Where's he living now?

Is he still in her house or else?

Was he still in her house or else for a while?

Yeah, he's got an ankle bracelet.

Did he call that an ankle?

They should call it an ankle.

You know, why are we wasting so much time?

Oh, you know why?

Because I think ankle it means something else.

What's it mean?

It's like a little bracelet you wear around your ankle.

What's in an ankle bracelet?

A government tracker so they know where you are at all times.

So if you say ankle bracelet, it can only mean government tracker.

That's right.

You know what?

I like this guy.

He knows a lot of things.

Oh, thank you very much.

That has been noticing that ever since I had sex party, that during the break that you guys have really been hitting it off.

And you know what?

I bless this union.

Really?

You know what?

For what it's worth?

I bless it too.

Shut up Gary.

Oh, the tables have turned.

Claws in cat.

I'm sorry.

He hurt my feelings.

He was my first love.

Your first love?

My truest love.

How old are you?

How old do you have to be to get married?

I don't know.

I'm taking a guess.

Well, I'm going to say 12.

Oh, 12.

Yeah, you can get married to 12.

I think.

I think you have Appalachia.

You have your parents permission.

No.

You can't do that.

What?

15.

I believe 16 is probably the earliest you can do.

And you're breaking it on this.

Get on this.

I'm...

Did you command him to type it into the internet?

Yeah.

Do you want to say whoever's closest wins without going over?

That's right.

Price is right.

I went in strong with 12.

I'm going to say one year old.

Right?

You're underbidding me.

Wait, that doesn't make you not.

Price is right.

You just say 13.

Len, go up.

It's as close as you can get without going over.

Yeah, without going over.

Yeah.

So I'm saying 12.

I'm going to say seriously.

Seriously?

Fun, fun aside.

Yeah.

I'm going to say 16.

You're saying 16.

Okay, I'm going to say 15.

15.

What do we got?

Engineer Brett.

Okay.

California, if either the bride or groom is under 18, at least one of the miners' parents or legal guardian must appear with the couple.

So we're talking zero.

Yeah, there's no...

It doesn't say...

I win.

I guess you win?

I win.

We...

No, wait.

The closest without going over.

Oh, we all win over.

Ah, that's too bad.

Well, no, nobody said 19.

No, but we all...

No, we all...

It's under 18.

No, but you can get married.

You can get married under 18 if you...

Yeah, but that's what I'm saying.

That's what I'm saying.

It's zero.

Zero is the age.

But I'm close to the legal age you can get married without your parents.

Technicality, no.

Down, boo.

Over.

Technicality, no.

Down, boo.

Over.

Wait, wait.

There are more developments.

Go ahead.

I mean, you just have to appear before Superior Court judges.

But there's no minimum age.

So we all win.

Is there like a committee where you have to make your case?

Is this in Bel Air?

Like we're in love with young...

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

What about...

Let me ask you this.

What would Romeo and Juliet do in modern times if they wanted to get married?

Romeo.

They were just a couple of crazy kids.

I prefer Romeo.

What did Romeo...

Romeo?

Romeo, what did you say?

Romeo.

You should say...

I'll say it.

You say it.

Romeo.

It's like splitting hairs.

It's practically the same thing.

You say the girl's name.

Juliet.

Guys, don't fight.

Is this your first...

Now, do you pronounce your name?

Gillian.

Like the symbols.

Gillian.

Like Zilgin.

Yeah.

Oh.

Then I guess...

Are you sponsored by Zilgin?

I should be.

Gillian, by Zilgin.

I say Gillian.

Is Gillian like...

Do people get confused with like a numerical amount?

Like...

Oh, there's like a Gillian of those.

Oh.

Like ten.

Yeah.

Are we just shouting numbers now?

Like ten?

Gillian's rubbing her eyes.

Like this is like...

Oh, what's happening with you?

I'm just so sad.

I know you're saying...

What's the matter?

Why is this sad?

Who's talking to me right now?

Is it Gary or...

It's me and Gary.

What are you talking about?

I need you.

I love you, Gary.

It's too hard to be apart.

What?

This is crazy.

Love is crazy.

We're just like Romeo and Juliet.

I need you.

You know what, Gary?

I think this girl really does need you.

I'm already married.

It turns out.

So I think maybe...

I think maybe you should go to her.

You think so?

I do.

Now you directed the crazy movies about the vampires and werewolves.

That's right.

But they really love stories.

I know it!

Those are the last stories.

Gillian, would you do me the honor of allowing me to keep my wife in suspended animation and becoming my non-suspended animation wife?

What are you going to say?

I'm crying right now.

Are you crying?

I'm tearing up at the very least.

I'm tearing up and also I'm getting very sexually aroused for a sex party.

A lot of my juices are flowing right now.

All my juices are flowing right now.

We have some urine.

We have some oil.

We have blood.

A lot of milk.

I got some milk.

Oh my gosh.

What do you say, Adi?

I'm on a pins and needles over here.

Yes!

All right!

She said yes!

This is...

Now look!

This is a huge mistake I could not be happy to be making.

This is going to be wonderful.

You know what?

I have an idea.

Anytime one of the couples gets together on The Bachelor, they have the wedding live on the show.

What if we had your wedding live on this show?

Do you know what?

I'm an Internet minister.

Could you perform the ceremony?

I would be honored to perform the ceremony.

That would be beautiful.

When you're on the show, let's set a date.

Do you guys have you picked a date yet?

Yeah!

Valentine's Day after was a movie.

Of course!

First we're going to begin the morning by screening the movie.

Then in the afternoon we'll get back.

Oh wait, Valentine's Day next year.

Okay, next next year.

Okay, Valentine's Day is already happening.

Or just about to happen.

Oh, just about to happen.

All right.

Oh no, it's when Valentine's Day occurs.

Valentine's Day...

It's in your heart!

Valentine's Day 2015.

We'll set it right now.

All right, we're on the show.

Can we sign something saying if you die between now and then I get all of your money?

Because it's a long engagement.

Yeah, would you mind?

Yeah, I mean it seems unlikely that I will die so certainly.

I will lie right up that document.

Okay, fantastic.

Number 10.

All right, good app.

Great episode.

That was fun.

That was a good one.

I love playing around with Gillian.

I think she's terrific and she's always up for it and she brings so much to it.

I didn't really know her.

Like fearless about it, you know?

I didn't really know her.

I met her at one party that my wife had.

Talked her for a bit.

Wife, wife, wife.

Sad wife bone?

Sad wife bone.

That's when you have sex with your wife to cheer her up.

Yeah.

That's exactly what it is.

My, my, my wife.

Now I don't know why but no, I met her at two parties.

I have to admit I met her at a different party before that one where a person I was with, I was very embarrassed by him because he was, I believe, hitting on her shamelessly and not being that charming about it.

Right.

It was, I believe the second party we had gone to on a fourth of July and I remember being sort of embarrassed by this guy.

I didn't really know all that well.

So I'd only known her a couple of times and then I just said, hey, you know, it was through the thrilling adventure, our guys because she had done that show several times and I said, I was looking for a guest and they said, why don't you try Gillian?

She's great.

And so I threw it out there and she's so up in game for doing stuff.

She immediately said yes and then has become one of the best guests on this show.

And a fan favorite if I may be so bold as to proclaim her.

Please don't.

May I?

No, please may I be so bold.

I'll allow it just this fan favorite.

All right, we have to take a break.

When we come back, we will crack in.

We're going to crack.

We'll release the crack in.

Release the crack in.

Right back.

Comedy bang bang.

Comedy bang bang, we are back here and Paul F. Tomkins and I, Mary Christmas to you all.

I hope you all got something good.

If you got us some sort of new iPhone or an iPod or something and you, the first thing you did was listen to this show, well, God bless you.

If you haven't got a hey, Penny.

Well, God bless you.

God bless you as well.

Yeah.

Also, if you sneeze.

God bless you.

Do you think that is meant sarcastically?

I think so.

I think we've talked about it.

Hey, have we?

I know.

I know it's going to be before.

I know it's not something you want to play for the kids.

It's a specialty kind of thing.

I'm no longer in business.

What was some of the sounds that Gavin and Cloud would like to ask?

That's a good question.

I'll be the girl.

Gavin, you know what to do.

Well, first off, it wasn't a girl.

Oh, it was an executioner.

Oh, it was an executioner?

Okay, I'll play the executioner.

What?

Gavin, can you please put this on your head?

Okay.

I'm lowering the little hat thing.

There ain't no love in here, baby.

Do you have any prayers?

Do you want to say?

Huh?

Prayers?

Oh, yeah.

I pray that you beat me.

Hold on.

I pray that you enter me.

Wait, so Gavin and Cloud?

Yeah, the McCloud was...

Well, that was just an ex-swipe.

Oh, by the way.

It wasn't a real tape, but it was somewhat...

It goes like that.

He was executed.

What are we talking about right now?

Oh, yeah.

He used to take a high address like an executioner.

In the S&M, I got it.

Yeah, I got it.

It's fucked up from Gavin.

So parents were probably having a problem with that also.

It's not just kids.

Captain's do-bing.

My goodness.

I mean, yeah.

I mean, everybody has a problem, but you know what I mean?

It's a porn industry.

Of course, yeah.

Anything goes to you.

You gotta roll with me.

I mean, they're crazier to better.

Yeah, I guess.

I just can't.

I can't deal with that anymore.

Yeah, that may be short.

Oh, cool.

Do you miss the celebrity sex tape, Biz?

Oh.

There was some charming to it.

Oh.

I do miss it.

I miss- I miss sometimes we'd make deals with people, and we would actually make this sex tape.

Oh, really?

You would record it.

I have no video, of course.

I know we pretend that we stole it off someone's computer.

Oh.

But it was all an inside gag, you know.

Yeah.

There were some of the celebrities back then.

Well, Ray J, and came called Ashley.

Wait, you were- I recorded that one.

Really?

Yeah.

You were behind the camera for that?

I was behind the camera.

What did it smell like?

Oh.

That's a good question, Scott.

You smelled like the Hollywood Y.

The Hollywood Y, sure.

With YMCAs.

Chanel number five on it.

Ooh.

Do you mean the Y in the Hollywood sign?

The Hollywood Y or the YMCA?

We just need to know.

Yeah, so how would you really need to narrow this down?

I know I'm going to regret it.

The Hollywood sign, why?

How could you get to the Hollywood sign from here?

Do you know how to get there?

Yeah, do you know how Coco?

I do.

You go up each one.

And as a sign, it says, no hilltop access, but just ignore that.

They make a left and you make your way up the hill.

Eventually, you'll be right there at the base of the Hollywood sign.

Oh, cool.

And if you go inside the H, I'll tell you, it smells like the YMCA.

Oh, OK.

The sign said, Boulevard.

Got it, not the Y.

No, no, no.

What do you know for work?

It's almost something that industry is dead for you.

Well, right now I'm starting to do some comedy.

Oh, got it.

We talked about this in Detroit.

You did some of his comedy for us.

Very cool, man.

I wasn't necessarily a fan, but...

Well, I'll bring some more.

Yeah, I'll do a joke for you.

Do you need to set up?

No, I don't need any set up.

OK.

You're right, a joke by yourself, and then you do it.

OK, you don't have to be an asshole.

I'm not joking about the Marx Brothers.

To be fair, Coco, the Marx Brothers, there were three of us.

Yeah, the whole bit with your family is that there's more than one.

Well, all my brothers are dead.

So...

All your brothers are dead?

Yeah, these Marx Brothers are all dead.

So there's only one of them.

So you're the only remaining grandson?

That's right.

But then this comedy better be good.

It is good.

And it's topical, Ben.

A lot of these comics, they just say whatever, and it's not topical.

This is topical comedy.

Good.

I once shot a teenager in my pajamas.

Oh my God.

How he got my pajamas on never know.

But he was carrying Skittles and Iced Tea, so it was justified.

There's jokes like this.

You see, they make you think about society.

Wait a second.

The first part was an actual joke.

That was an actual...

That was a gropture joke.

Oh, that's a real gropture joke?

Yeah.

I was gonna say, it's an amazing joke.

I borrow some ties from my grandfather.

And then what do you do to the end of it?

And then I put on some social commentary on it.

But that doesn't make any sense.

The end part?

Well, I believe it's a Trayvon Martin reference.

Thank you.

Can you give me another?

Sure, I saw this movie, 12 Years of Slave.

Oh boy.

More like two and a half hours bombed out.

You see that because it was the pressing movie.

Yeah.

Is this still the joke, Shosh?

This is the joke.

Sorry, it ended.

12 Years of Slave.

Have you ever thought about saying the end after your punchline?

That's just said people know when they end.

No, I have it, but I guess I will.

You should.

He's been asked so you should.

It would really help.

Can we hear another joke?

The next joke doesn't have the words the end in the actual joke because then we'd be confused.

Okay.

You know, we're in Hollywood.

A lot of gay people here.

No.

I mean, I have nothing against it, but you know, it's true.

And you know, people always ask me what I think about gay rights.

Well, I like gay rights.

I like gay left.

Just a middle I'm not thrilled about because that's where the penis is.

The end.

I don't know that you needed the sentence right before the end.

We got it.

Were you guys talking about Bruce Jenner earlier?

Who?

No.

Bruce Jenner.

Let me tell you about Bruce Jenner.

This guy has had so much surgery on his face when he sneezes, he comes out of his nose.

The end.

That means the skin has been pulled up so much that now his penis is somewhere where his nose is.

I think the end makes them all so fun.

I like the end.

I'm saying the end of the end makes it so fun.

Do you have one more?

I have one for you, my friend.

Hit the end softly.

That means it's going to be Jewish.

No, it's going to be a bad one.

No, it's not going to be Jewish.

No, it's going to be a bad one.

No, it's not going to be Jewish.

No, it's going to be a bad one.

No, it's going to be Jewish.

No, it's going to be a bad one.

No, it's going to be Jewish.

No, it's going to be a bad one.

No, it's going to be Jewish.

I wonder if you could sleep on it.

And like a little baby sleeping on a cloud, the end.

Oh, wow.

That's kind of unexpected to her.

Race park.

I love the end.

You got to keep that.

I suggest changing 100% of your material, but keep the end.

Those are tough notes to take.

You know what?

You got to hear this kind of stuff when you're starting out.

Yeah, you do.

You know, like someone has to come up.

I think after you do one open mic, your first open mic, someone should come over to you and tell you you have to get rid of all of it.

You don't think is there ever a comedian that did his first open mic and like crushed in real life?

I bet they did, but is there any comedian who's been doing it for 10 years, 15 years who's doing what they did at their first open mic, you think still?

I guess just Coco.

I am.

See?

How many jokes have you written Coco?

I've written like 15 jokes.

Oh, wow.

And I usually tell them all each time.

How many minutes is your set for 15 jokes?

15.

15 minutes.

So like a minute of joke.

A minute of joke.

Cool, man.

That's pretty good.

Do you have one more for us?

Oh, let me see here.

Oh, yeah.

Here's one that's current.

Don't say that's current.

Here's the current one.

You don't have to just say it.

I made a killing on Wall Street.

I shot one of those hippies at Occupy Wall Street.

I probably shouldn't say Wall Street twice on that joke.

Is this so the joke?

Also, Occupy Wall Street.

That's still going on, isn't it?

Benny?

No?

Okay.

Wait, is this the joke?

Do you have to start waiting?

Oh, yeah.

I made a killing on Wall Street.

We're still waiting, though, because we haven't heard...

You probably shouldn't.

Yeah, I'm sorry.

I didn't know I was supposed to find anything.

I made a killing on Wall Street, guys.

Yeah, I shot one of those hippies at Occupy Wall Street.

Uh-huh.

The end.

Ah, thank you.

That's what we were waiting for.

Oh, my gosh.

I'm going to tell you, this business is a little harder than I did.

But I'll say...

Luckily, I got a good name.

Coco Mox.

How did you get the name Coco, by the way?

How do you spell that?

I don't know.

C-O-C-O-A.

Co-CO-A.

Co-CO-A, CO-A.

So, literally, like Coco.

It's like Coco.

Like Coco.

Like, a hot Coco.

It's like Coco, like a butter.

It's like I see his wife.

And like what Aaron Neville rubs.

 The Coco Mox  Name one Aaron Neville song.

Yo, real quick.

Uh, I know that one about cotton.

 Tell it like it is  See that song?

I don't know the...

Coco, do you know that song?

Oh, I know.

I know.

That's a great song.

One of my favorites.

Tell it like it is.

Yeah.

How does that one go Coco?

That's what she's saying.

 To hell if like today is  Okay.

Coco does a crazy good Aaron Neville.

I love Coco's Aaron Neville.

Wow.

I've met Aaron Neville.

I don't know much, but I know I love you.

You're doing...

It's a Sammy Davis.

I don't know, baby.

Well, that's Coco singing.

 You're here and I need to know  That's Vient.

Hi.

How about this?

How about you can have it.

I'm going to give it to you.

How about we do this?

We set each other up and someone else has to do the punchline.

Okay.

You only have 10 seconds thinking punchline.

If you can't think of it in 10 seconds, you have to go like this.

I'm a dumb, dumb.

Okay.

Here we go.

So Coco set me up, we'll go around the room until it gets back to you.

Okay.

Perfect.

Give me a real setup.

Don't give me a crazy lunatic one.

What do you call a monkey with amnesia?

I don't know the punchline.

It is, by the way.

I know.

I'm supposed to think of it.

Okay.

You call it a Ranga tang, you say?

I don't know.

Okay.

Let me try.

Ah, let me try.

All right.

Same joke for everyone.

Same joke.

All right.

What do you call a monkey with amnesia?

I forget.

Oh, that's perfect.

I'm going to give you a new one.

That's a great one.

Okay.

All right.

So every chime in, if you have, it would be better because I just blew that one.

What do you call, what do you call a monster on a skateboard?

Oh, oh, oh, God, I'm thinking, oh, God, that makes me think of Shrek, which makes me think of Shrek and Fiona.

What about?

Which, which, uh, a skateboard tricks are called, like, oh, I wish I knew a skateboard trick or a skateboard company or I don't know anything about skateboards.

They have, well, they have four wheels.

Is this the joke?

No, I'm just, I'm thinking out loud as I was.

Okay.

Sure, sure, sure.

It helps me sort of write jokes.

Um, I'm on a skateboard.

Yeah.

Mm.

Overwind free.

You can use real up a win free from most any punch line.

What is it?

What was the joke before?

What do you call it?

Chippin Z with him?

Don't say that.

Wait too soon.

I was trying to remember what the first joke was.

I wasn't trying to, uh, come on.

Okay.

I got a question for that one.

Give me.

But I'm on key with, uh, amnesia.

Yeah.

Davey Jones.

Okay.

Not bad.

Oh, not David.

Mickey.

Mickey, go on.

This is probably cuckoo now anyway.

This point.

One more setup.

We got to get one.

Three funny people here.

Okay.

What do you call a, uh, nun who, uh, has the highest pole vault?

Of all time.

What do you call a nun who has the highest pole vault of all time?

Um, um, um, closer to God?

Mm.

Okay.

Not bad.

Coco.

Sister pole vault.

I'm going to go with Virgin Records.

You say yourself up, you son of a bitch.

You were from the back.

Maybe I don't know.

You were from the back.

Don't say I don't know.

It's not cheating.

That's funny.

It is not.

That's funny.

It's shit.

Eight nineteen.

Number nine.

And of course we ended with eating named cheating.

Of course.

Nice.

Yeah.

He AC.

So that's Bill Clinton.

He says it so much that he has to.

He has to.

Yeah.

And then people know what it is.

Yeah.

He just walked around saying, yeah, you see.

People go, all right, Bill.

Yeah.

We know eating named cheating.

All right.

We have to take a break when we come back.

We will release the Kraken again.

We'll crack into your top eight.

We'll release.

Wait.

When do we put the Kraken back in its pan?

We never do.

There's so many Kraken's running around here.

There's more.

I thought it was just the Kraken.

The crack.

What I mean to say is the Kraken that I'm about to release.

It's not just the titular Kraken.

The eponymous Kraken?

Fuck you.

All right.

We'll be right back with more comedy, make after this.

Hey, comedy, bang, bang.

We're back and we have our final episode that we're going to get to on this best of part two.

Let's just release it all of a Kraken.

You're giggling a lot.

I know.

I like it.

I enjoy doing these shows.

You know what?

I do too.

Why else are we really looking forward to it?

Yes.

Why else would we do it?

I mean, we could close up shop right now.

But we enjoy it.

What was that?

I don't know.

There was a weird noise.

There's a new Cody Sam slipped out the backjack.

He didn't mean to be coy, Roy, but.

Okay.

All right.

This is on the countdown.

This is episode eight.

Number eight.

It's not episode eight.

It's number eight on the countdown.

Episode eight will be going way back.

Yeah boy.

Probably not a great episode.

Not a great episode I would say going all the way back to eight.

That's back to the days of comedy.

Comedy death ray.

When it was one point, whatever.

Why was it one?

What did we used to be on?

105.

The docket.

98.7?

Body temperature.

98.6.

This is episode two.

98 degree.

98.6.

This is episode two hundred and eighty three.

Can you guess which one this is Paul?

I can't.

Okay.

Then do it.

Yeah.

Two eighty three.

Remember the last we heard was two sixty three.

That was the first episode of the year.

So we're talking twenty eps later.

Twenty eps later.

I was doing bonus eps around here.

So you can probably say I was doing five.

B-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-b-bonus.

Eps.

Every month.

So I was doing about five per month.

You were doing a lot.

Yeah.

So if you're saying you've gone through five in January, five in February, five in March.

You're in Cenk.

I'm out.

Five in April.

So this is probably the end of April.

April.

Which, what does the end of April mean to Comedy Bang Bang?

It's our anniversary.

Hey.

This is the...

...my anniversary to you.

It's perfect.

This was the fifth anniversary show.

Hard to believe.

Hard to believe that we would do this for so many years and in a row.

Oh yeah.

Not taking breaks.

Not taking three years on, three years off.

Not taking sabbatical.

One for me, one for them.

Yeah, you did this other podcast.

Super smart.

This had Jessica St Clair on it.

Lennon Parham.

Jessica Stinca.

We know them.

Of course from playing house, which USA just picked up.

Congratulations.

Congratulations to them.

BFF still canceled.

So sorry.

But they may pick it up at some point.

They may.

Who knows?

We have Jason Manzukas on the show.

We have the aforementioned Lauren Lapkus is on this episode.

It's Besser and Paul Russ and Neil Campbell.

But the part that we are going to hear is we're going to hear when one of our old friends, Mike the Janitor came in.

Hahahaha.

Now let's set this up a little bit because...

Good luck to you.

Mike the Janitor is played by you.

Yes.

And you walked into the room and we also...

Damn.

Hahaha.

And hot for teacher started playing.

Oh, that's right.

Ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne-ne.

Everyone looked over there.

Sunday.

Bam, bam, bam.

Yeah.

Now you walked in and I kind of mouthed who were you going to play.

And you, you meant, you motioned to me, you pick.

Oh yeah, that's right.

Yeah.

Cause I really, for whatever reason, I can't remember why at the time.

I was completely out of loss.

Cause I felt like I'd done every character a little recently.

Cause you weren't recording a lot of episodes.

I believe I was filming the show and so we were doing a lot of episodes concurrently.

And banking them.

We were banking them.

So you've been doing it a lot at this point.

Yeah.

You've maybe felt not burned out but like you've been doing a lot of things.

I couldn't decide like who would be a pro-fresh character.

Yeah.

So you just said you pick.

And I don't know why but I said, oh Mike the Janitor is here.

It was a very weird choice.

Very weird choice.

Like, you don't do often.

I think I'd done it once before.

Once before and I don't think you've done it since.

No, but I enjoy him.

I was listening to it today trying to figure out this clip and I was like, this guy's got to come back.

For some reason I feel like Mike the Janitor may have made three appearances on the show.

Maybe.

That could be wrong.

Yeah.

But Mike Janitor is a very simple guy.

I'm sure we'll hear it in this clip.

All he wants to do.

He just has one thing out of life to clean up.

All he wants to do is just clean up after other people clean their filth.

But the only thing he wants to return.

The only thing he asks is a paycheck.

Is a paycheck for doing that.

And health benefits.

And full dental.

Now on this clip we have Jason Manzukas.

People know from the league.

He plays Raffi.

And we also have Tracy Reardon, our good friend Lauren Laxas playing Tracy Reardon, who is the 16 year old girl who has her butt pierced.

She works for Baskin Robin.

She has a dead grandmother.

She has two jobs.

Oh yeah, it's Robin.

I'm sorry.

That's right.

Now previous to this on the previous episode I believe Tracy, I believe this is your main to the clip we're about to hear.

She talks about T-shirts where she's going to have her famous phrases with something on the front and something on the back.

That's right.

So the first part of a phrase on the front, then the other part of the phrase on the back.

So like help me on the front, Rhonda on the back.

That's right.

So I believe that comes up.

Is this the first instance of this?

No, no, no.

We had talked about it before.

But it comes up and you may not know what we're talking about unless.

That's why it's your main.

Right.

So this is Mike the janitor, Jason Menzukas and Tracy Reardon.

And this episode is like two hours long and it has so many great clips, but this is the one that we chose.

Of course it has Matilda Bessarina.

It has the Bachelor of Brothers.

Oh, fuck.

And it has Wampler and Rea- and Wampler and, oh fuck.

Whose Lenden Blisler?

Jeez.

Oh.

But this is the one that we're going to pick.

This is of course Mike the janitor and this is your number eight.

Number eight.

In any case someone just walked into the show.

It's our fifth anniversary episode and someone just came in and, you know, we want to- Let's find out who it is.

We want to say hello to the person.

I mean, it's been five years that we've- it's been five years that we've been doing.

It's been.

I mean, we all know who it is.

We all know who it is.

We're looking at the person.

We know that we want the person to announce themselves because this is a special anniversary show.

And of course we know it's Mike the janitor.

Hey, he's been here for five years.

Hey, Mike.

Hey, guys.

We've been up stuff.

Good to see everybody.

I can't believe you followed us to the new studio.

Ah, yeah.

Good luck trying to shake me off.

I'll always find you.

I'll always find the studio.

You look, you know?

Oh, hello, young lady.

Hi.

Tracy Riddin.

Do you remember we almost went to a prom together?

I do, but then I went with Scott instead, so he- You were on that show.

What?

What show?

Never mind.

Yeah, we had our competition with David Wayne.

I forgot it.

Wayne Days, my favorite web series.

Who met the last time I saw you, Mike?

Well, I've seen you around the hall.

Yeah.

Well, obviously around the halls, and of course I have my Gaze, Mr. Rockman because you all my superior.

What I do is I clean people's garbage and all I ask in return is a paycheck.

That's all I ask.

And a healthy one.

That's the only thing.

It's my life's work.

I clean people's garbage.

The only thing I ask in return is a paycheck.

Health benefits.

Health benefits, of course.

Are you in the union?

Oh, yeah.

Janin is union.

Yeah.

Like a 402.

Powerful.

Oh, yeah.

There's 402.

Fine 402.

Custodial excellence is our aim.

And of course, keeping people out and keeping us in.

Is your game?

Is your game.

Oh, yeah.

I forgot.

Wait, I know what I already done talking about this, but I feel like Wayne Days is finally spelled quickly.

But you've been holding on to that since that time.

Well, I couldn't stop thinking about it just now.

Yeah.

Finally, they spell it the way that you would spell it.

I had to tell everyone.

Yeah.

Well, welcome, Mike.

It's so great to see you.

It's great to be here cleaning up filth left behind by the beat.

Hey, did you see me in Zukas' dukuses?

On a regular basis?

I did go to the bathroom just earlier.

Oh, don't I know it.

Oh, yeah.

You cleaned up on zooks, dukes?

Getting wheeled.

Oh, that is on segment.

Play the theme for that.

Hey, bro.

Donky.

Broke.

Drop it in.

Donk.

Let's hear the.

There it is.

There's the theme.

It's just the modern day Fred Norris.

That's the sound that comes out.

Donk.

But Mike, it's been a while.

It's been a while.

It's been a while since I've been here.

Yeah.

I haven't been here in the studio.

Sure.

I'm sure.

I've kept it relatively clean.

I mean, it's a new place.

Yeah.

Soon enough, you'll tarnish it with your disgusting habits.

And you guess that a less than animals will come in here and just respect every public place they can find.

Uh-huh.

But on your shades.

Whoa, he got really cool.

I just wanted to put on my shades for some reason and just, yeah, anyway.

Really fold them all.

Yeah, fold them all.

It's so tiny now.

Oh, thank God we have a visual bit to do during this podcast.

Pastor Ockerman, because he's a very sophisticated gentleman, he has sunglasses that fold not just the regular way where those little arms will fold in and you can put them in a pocket.

They also fold at the bridge.

Talk more about- So you can make it into a less convenient ball of sun glass.

These go and they have like seven points of articulation.

They're like the world's best action figure.

They're like a K-turn that you put on your face.

But if you only had one eye, it'd be great because you wouldn't unfold the other side.

Sure.

You just go like this.

What did you get it on a stick and hold it up like a lawn yet?

Look it up.

I've had some college.

Janet is a fantasy.

Really?

What college- how much college did you have?

I went to school in Boston for just about eight years.

Oh, a school in Boston?

Yeah, it's just I went to a school in Boston for about eight years.

Oh, okay.

We know what you're talking about.

No, I was not a janitor at the time.

Well, you know what?

Here's the thing.

I was a math professor.

Oh boy.

I was a genius math professor.

You were the professor.

Yeah.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I taught, I taught, all right, it was Harvard and I taught math there.

We were never confronted with like a degree of excellence in someone who wasn't even a student that you felt like challenged to.

Do you have to do some sort of a swap situation when flaky Friday?

Well now, these are two different things.

The swap situation where everyone retains their own consciousness.

Right.

But physical school.

But you had to change jobs because someone was better at it.

Well, you know, I, here's the thing.

Is this a body switch?

Like the movie switch with Ellen Barkin?

Is it a body switch or is it just a swapping job?

I'm going to need four more examples of body switching movies.

So it's taking on 30.

Okay.

Big.

Right.

That's not a body switch.

Not a body switch.

Big is not a body switch.

Body, little body.

So it's giving me three more examples of body grow movies.

Okay.

There's the 30, go on 30.

Wait, 30, go on 30.

All right.

And big are not body switch movies.

The body grow movies.

Body established.

It's that job.

I've put every page in IMDb, by the way.

I know everything about everybody.

I know everybody.

I've never seen one movie.

I've only seen people who jazz been.

I know everything about every movie.

What's my pro rating?

What's my star meter?

Well, you're barely out of your gender.

You're like five billion.

That's not bad for a janitor.

I should be all there.

You're even on there.

That's amazing.

You are because your appearance, you are yourself on some show.

That's right.

You're as yourself.

It was a trip.

It was a tribute to the late great Stan Lee.

But you were sweeping up at the end.

I'm a C.R.

And also you were up at the background.

It said you were on blind date as well.

But you added yourself.

I did do a blind date.

Yeah.

Did you do it?

We have fifth wheel.

That's a different show, right?

Yes.

I need four more examples of dating shows.

Cheaters.

That's not really a dating show.

Those shit is the one dating.

The dating somebody.

You've been caught dating.

You've been caught dating the long prison.

That's a TV show you've been caught dating.

You know what happened?

You think you can date.

You know what happened to Jesus.

You think you can date, but you can't because you won't.

The original host.

And you don't.

Tommy, what was his name?

Uh, Tommy Grant.

Oh, yes.

Tommy Grant.

Tommy, Tommy.

I love you.

I think he'd be great.

He needs his own shot.

I love his fashion.

Late fashion.

Killer fashion.

Love it.

I would like...

Did I draw the wicker?

What are they?

It sounds like it.

It's heavy.

It's like a chair on your head.

We sing wicker hats.

Wicker hats.

Don Wiggles.

We heard about Mr. Wiggles by the last week's show anyway.

Yummy.

Is that your catch, Riz?

Yeah.

And what's on the back of that t-shirt?

Uh, my baby loves it.

Okay, very nice.

Yummy on the front.

Baby loves it on the back.

Oh, you know about these t-shirts.

I love t-shirts.

Well, he heard it on the episode.

Weird and tease?

Weird and tease, of course.

I'm dying for someone to make me.

Yeah, really?

How do they get ahold of you?

I'm on Twitter now.

You are on Twitter.

Oh, wow.

Come on Twitter.

I had a twist.

You could find me.

It's spelled T-A-A-C-I-T-I-A-T-I-R-E-A-A-R-E-A-R-E-A-R-E-A-R-E-A-A-R-E-A-O-N.

Even though you won't bother with the E...

T-A-A-O.

Is there a little heart over the eye for tracing?

If I could do it, I have to learn how to use that on my computer.

Do you like emojis?

You like you, Daddy?

Young!

Ooh!

Maybe uncomfortable?

Oh boy.

Jessa loves story between a 17-year-old girl and a janitor.

And a very old janitor.

A whole couple of old plastic...

A janitor of a certain age.

We don't need to get into that.

It's like a dick and fork.

Look, we're all in a 50's.

A janitor is a...

Everyone, he was like 65, right?

Guys like us.

Except for the young lady.

Guys like us in a 50's.

Oh yeah.

I'm in a 50's.

No, I was born in the 70's.

I'm 70.

Oh, is that a police?

The police!

How do you know that song?

Cause I know music, baby!

She knows all music, very few movies.

But every IMDP page.

That's right, Daddy.

Listen.

What the fuck were we talking about?

Body switching.

We never got to it.

Was it a body switch or was it an actual?

It was neither a body switch or a normal body grow.

Was it a cop swap?

It was not a job swap either.

It was a wife swap.

A wife?

Yes!

You had a wife swap with a janitor?

Yes!

And because this was unheard of.

The wife swap was so successful.

We stayed that way.

Oh, no.

I had to lie to get a new job.

Why couldn't you just lie?

Why?

Why couldn't you just lie?

Why couldn't just because you were married to a different woman?

Oh, this wife.

She know husband of hers is going to be a professor.

Oh, interesting.

Oh, I said it.

Oh.

But you love her.

Yeah, I love her.

I love her.

I love her, man.

How long ago was this?

This was going on 25 years ago.

Oh, wow.

You guys kissing stuff?

Oh, yeah.

What's your favorite position with her?

I like to do it standing up.

That's why we have no children.

That's how I mean, but that's how...

Oh, yeah.

If you stand up, you don't get pregnant.

That's right.

But that's your favorite position because you can't lay down.

I can't lay down.

I shouldn't lay down.

How do you sleep on my face?

Okay.

By the way, Mike, didn't you undergo some sort of a freaky Friday situation with Andrew Lloyd Weber once?

Well, a freaky Friday you could call it that.

I did, um...

I did...

Which identities?

A body switch or an identity switch.

Well, what do you call it when you make some masonry fall on someone's head and then you dress up in their clothes and pretend to be them?

We can't have ponies.

What does that call?

We can't have ponies.

No, that's what you're having with your grandmother.

So you took over his identity.

We can't...

Wait, Bernie was just a guy dressed up as Bernie?

It's to be determined.

Well, we reared in his presently weakened at Bernie's scene.

My grandmother, who died in the home that they share.

Natural causes.

But I needed to sign my school form stuff so I used her hand to sign my form.

But it's your own handwriting.

Well, I've been looking at the name that I read just discussed this hard.

Oh my God, it must have been texty.

Well, I...

Hey, I'm no texter.

It would seem to me that if you're gonna impersonate an old person, you definitely wanna master the thin, spidery handwriting of the elderly.

The shaky of every loop having several mini loops.

You can see the effing...

Here are two things.

If you're old, your handwriting gets shaky.

If your fat, your voice gets deeper.

That's two things.

Right there.

There's two things.

Just two things I know.

What's your favorite card, Tracy, in your collection?

She collects cards.

I collect cards.

And I...

If they don't fold.

If they don't, if they open, they...

Non-folding cards.

I gotta make a limit on my collection.

Yeah.

But my favorite card is this business card I got from WitchWitch.

WitchWitch?

WitchWitch is it?

Is that a sandwich?

WitchWitch is.

Oh, oh.

WitchWitch.

Who gave you this business card, the manager?

Yes.

Now, are you...

You're not saying rich, rich.

No, it's a sandwich sandwich sandwich.

Yeah, a sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich sandwich.

No, it's...

Do you know what guys get it right?

If Little Caesar was to start selling sandwiches, they would say sandwich sandwich.

I need to go with which.

But it's...

Which sandwich?

Is that the noise?

No, that's a little scissor.

You gotta avoid the noise.

Oh!

He's a pretty...

I've been welcoming him.

What?

You've invited him in.

I've been seeking him out.

Well, that's like the wrong thing.

That's like playing first.

Oh, boy, you didn't...

That's like, press your luck.

You're playing press your luck and screaming all the whammies.

Oh, whammies!

Don't whammies, right?

That's how you play.

Oh my God, avoid the noise, baby!

How do you know about the noise?

Because I know everything.

You're a wise, weird, yiggy.

I'm wise in the past.

So, what is your favorite card?

Why did this guy give you this?

This is his favorite card.

And then I'll go next.

He was the manager.

He had a business card.

But I love about it.

He said it has a cartoon of a sandwich on it.

And to me, it's so special.

Okay.

Isn't like a caricature of a sandwich?

It's like a joke picture of a sandwich.

Like, what does sandwich be like if it had a big nose?

Does it say much of a big nose?

No, but like a camera show.

Is it a deli sandwich?

No, baby.

It's a hot sandwich.

Why do you make that, uh...

Because he has big nose, deli sandwich.

Is this an anti-Semitic sandwich shop?

Yeah, that's what I'm saying.

Oh my God, that's so rude.

What if it was an anti-Semitic sandwich shop called anti-semanu?

It was an anti-seman-u.

It was an anti-seman book sandwich.

Oh, I bet you'd like to be in an anti-seman-bricks sandwich.

Do any sandbooks humpin' me from each side?

Okay.

Can you...

And they're both goin' lonely island.

What did they say to that?

That's what they say.

What do you think?

What did they say?

They're lonely playin' it.

What?

Just travel books.

What do they want?

It says blue planet.

Blue planet.

What's it like?

Big planet.

Planet money.

What if one says digital short?

I don't think so.

They're more like digital long, right?

I could have that.

Sure.

He's good on the fly like that.

Yeah.

I'm good.

Let him do whatever he wants.

Oh, yeah.

You know, it's his party.

I love digital longs.

Yeah.

Movies.

Nope.

Oh.

They're getting along.

They're getting along for her book.

It's not long as I like TV shows.

Yeah.

Digital shorts are right up your alley.

They're right up my butt.

That's what your alley is.

My goodness.

So where is that on?

Is it top of the pile for you?

That's what you're at.

Top of the pile.

Yeah.

For that card, do you sleep right on top of that card?

I sleep right on top of it.

I sleep it on my cards.

Sure.

I don't have a grader.

It's a given.

But yeah.

That's what Mike Tyson said when he saw his first wife.

That's a given?

Mm-hmm.

Wabbin' given.

Yeah.

Then he clarified.

And then everyone was like, oh, Mike Tyson.

I understand you all.

You know what I love is Wabbin' from Howardstone.

You started talkin' like Mike Tyson.

Rob and Quiver.

I'm pretty in the pool.

Give me that ear.

That's a baby Bracka situation.

I'm talkin' about that last week.

What's interesting is you've been recently BA Barakas by Ms. Listler.

I didn't really know what you were saying.

Yeah, no, she's saying she drugged you, kidnapped you, and kept you out of the city for a week.

I knew that, but what's BA Barakas?

Oh, he's, well, you've read every IMDB page so you must know.

What do you want me to ask you this?

What do you think it is?

I think it's like a man who looks like a barracuda.

Interesting.

Like he used to be a barracuda and became a person?

Yeah.

By a science.

I'm a singular science.

One of the science.

Oh boy, boy.

Save it for you.

Is that a sandwich shop as well?

Mr. Miyagi sandwich shop?

Yeah, I mean only fish sandwich here.

Here's what I would like.

In the Mr. Miyagi sandwich shop, if he slices the sandwich.

You gotta do it.

And then he puts it in wax on, wax off paper.

Yes.

And you have to wear a kimono.

I wax on.

You take wax off.

He says sandwich to you.

He's very polite.

He has to read a rest in peace.

You always explain it in case you accidentally eat the sandwich with the wax paper.

I'm sorry.

You take the wax off.

You eat it.

Hey, hey, hey.

No, no.

Do you think Mr. Miyagi excuse me?

Do you think that that has happened where people beat the wax paper?

Oh, I think this is a paper.

Plenty of people who are given a sandwich in wax paper and think this is what I'm supposed to eat.

I eat paper for fun.

Well, that's a good thing.

The real thing.

Yeah, that's a different thing.

I'm talking about someone who's not.

They don't have like a severe mental disability.

They're like the lowest you can be.

Intelligence wise.

Like a 98 IQ.

Just a guy who's dumb.

Yeah.

And he like gets the sandwich and he's like, this is an unusual looking sandwich.

I've never seen one like this before, but you know, I'm willing to try new things.

He's open minded.

He's very darn sure.

He's like this sandwich has a weird skin on it.

It's got a strange texture.

Some people are open minded because they don't know no better.

Yeah.

Well to that guy, I think the sandwich is like eating the organs of the skin.

You're like biting through the skin like an orange to get to the meaty goodness of the sandwich.

The organ.

You know, like I don't eat the outside of the orange, but somebody might think they should.

Somebody eat the pineapple and be like, oh, what's this?

And they bite into it.

And they're like, you know what?

I like the inside.

But I don't like this outside.

It hurts your mouth.

No, you think of a pineapple.

What'd you say?

A banana.

I said pineapple.

Oh, I don't know.

That's why you're pineapple.

Yeah, let's all do it.

I don't like pineapple.

Oh, man.

Aren't you glad?

I didn't say anything at all.

You're quite again.

One, two, three.

I don't care.

Oh, now that's very distant.

Oh, yeah.

You're a scam but a scoundrel.

I don't care for you.

Today, I want to fight.

Oh, what's gotten into you?

I don't know.

She's feisty.

She used to be an introvert.

No, no.

And then suddenly you just wanted to go slow dancing.

You know what's different?

A nice prom song.

What's that?

The dry hump.

Oh, she got the dry hump out of you.

I've been way into it.

Sexual awakening has given you like a real attitude.

My flower burst.

I thought that you took it burst.

Not bloomed the blossom.

I thought you turned the attitudes off.

It burst.

Doing sex, I turned the attitudes off and the personalities are on.

I turned the lights off and the music way up.

Whoa.

And then I get at it.

Sexual lies.

Oh, boy.

Who's, what's your wife's name?

Her name is June.

Oh, yeah.

Humpa all night.

Yeah.

Cool.

Do you guys have sex?

Any other questions?

Do you have sex every every night?

Every single night.

No night.

Whether you want to or not because you have to because that's a healthy marriage is whether you want to or not.

Someone's going to get it.

You have to join life force.

That's right.

It was enough hours.

It was.

We vowed in front of God and everyone.

We have sex every single night.

After to be fair.

Let me ask you this actually.

Did you actually marry your wife or in the wife swap?

Did you just like, did you just get a new wife because you married another woman.

I thought that the wife shop would be we just go live there.

We got an event like the TV show wife's wife.

Yeah.

It turns out this was not the televised version of what is that what you thought was.

I assumed it was TV show.

25 years ago that show was not on the Internet.

I kept saying, hey, when do I sign a release?

This must be a TV show.

What is it going to be on after Bonnie Miller?

And then in the van bag was put over my head in a marriage ceremony was performed.

Oh.

And then I got out of the van and they said, how did you kiss?

How did you kiss?

An un-mug man.

Why was the bag put over your head?

Was it like a scarecrow situation?

A doctor Jonathan Crane?

Yeah, I think they were trying to make me into a super villain.

Okay.

Am I putting a scary bag on my head?

And did it work?

For a time.

Yeah.

For a time I terrorized.

Boston.

I terrorized Boston.

Wait, you didn't terrorize them last year during that marathon.

No.

Please.

This is a rock.

I just wanted to be sure.

You're in sticks of beyond reproach, but please.

Okay.

I'm a bit of an investigator.

Very rude.

People will hurt Scott.

Well, he said he terrorized Boston.

Well, I mean I just didn't mean one thing to me.

And now with terrorism I just can't be.

Are you?

Were you the, because this is going back to you said 25 years.

Are you, were you the super villain that Carl Yostremsky beat down with a baseball man?

Carl Yostrem.

Here's a red sauce player.

Yeah.

What is this bat?

Where are you now?

Did you?

Here's the thing.

Yes.

I got an invitation to go to a party and they said yes will be there.

Oh, yes.

Of course, the soon.

Yes, I mean, please.

No, yes.

The band.

Yes.

I was in the band.

I assumed there was going to be plenty of birth control on him.

Yes.

What was the one you said?

Clark.

I thought from the past.

And so I get there is just Carl Yostremsky.

He's got a bat and he's hitting his hand like that and he goes, you've ran a terror resolver.

And I said, how did you know it was me?

He said, you're wearing the bag.

Oh, so not only did I not get to hear the dulce of tones on Alison Moyay upstairs at Eric's, I also ended up losing a kidney bat beating.

That's got to go.

What's on the back?

My baby loves it.

All right.

That one's on the back of two suits.

Number eight.

All right.

Number eight is great.

Yeah.

It really was.

It's a grandpa.

And that's all we have time for on this part two.

Can you believe it?

I can't.

Scott, I can't.

But we're going to be back.

We're going to be back with part three and part four.

We'll be back again.

Next week.

We'll be back.

Oh, next week.

Oh, okay.

Yeah.

That's sooner than I thought.

Yeah.

No need to couch it in someday.

I thought it was some undetermined time in the future, but you're saying next week.

So we're going to melt our snowman.

Yeah.

We're going to melt into a puddle.

And hopefully someone will put a hat on us.

All right.

We'll see you on Monday for part three where we count down seven, six, five and four.

We will be back then.

Come back Monday.

Don't be a Garfield.

We'll see you then.

Thanks.

Bye.

This has been an earwolf media production.

Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com.

Earwolf radio boom.com.

The Wolf Dead.
