We are counting down the top 5 episodes of Comedy Bang Bang of the year from 5 to 1 here on today's special best of 2012 episode part 2!

All of that and more all on today's!

♪♪ Happy new year just kidding!

Hey, welcome to the show!

You got them!

I totally got you!

What a piece of work is mine!

Welcome to the show!

This is Comedy Bang Bang for another week and this is a very special episode of Comedy Bang Bang.

I am your host Scott Ockerman and this is very special because this is part 2 of our Comedy Bang Bang Best of 2012 specials!

Wow, we have one dune, right?

One dune as Frank Herbert!

Frank Herbert hoped to see before his death of sand poisoning.

That's right, they used to sand board him because he was a terrorist.

He wouldn't give up his secrets about this world he created.

He'd say, where is dune?

Lead us to it!

Sorry, bated up!

Poor sand out his mouth.

Yeah, Andy died.

Oh well, he just had a cup in.

Let me introduce who you're listening to by the way, this is a professional comedian Paul F. Topkins.

That's right, I get paid for it.

My co-host for the entire program.

Oh.

Perhaps you heard our part 1.

I bet you did.

I hope you did, if you didn't and you are listening to this, I mean sure this can be the first episode you listened to.

Absolutely.

No problem, but I would say go back and listen to part 1.

And you know what, I would say if they started with the best of part 2, they're kind of, they're a bit savvy because they're saying, hey, I want to hear the best, I don't want to hear the 10 through 6.

Why don't I cut to the very best and why don't I fast forward to, you know, like 10 minutes left so I don't have to wave through.

They're like, hey, let's cut to the chase here.

Hey, hey, hey, cha cha.

Cha cha.

Hey, hey, what's your favorite dance cha cha?

How many years do you think it's been since anyone has imitated Dennis Miller?

A decade?

I know that at the office it's been probably one day for me.

So anyway, Paul, let me just explain briefly if this is someone's first episode what they're listening to here.

Oh, for them.

I thought you were going to explain it to me.

I can explain it to you.

Do you not know what's happening?

Scott, explain it to me like I have no idea what's going on.

Paul, I don't think you have any idea what's going on, do you?

I don't.

Okay, let me explain.

Comedy Bang Bang is a podcast and it is a great podcast and maybe you've heard about it and maybe you heard, hey, it's really great but you don't know how quite to get into it because you look at our vast archive or your skeptical and you say, you know what, I'm not going to listen to your vast archive.

I'm going to listen to this best of and then I'll make my own decision.

That's right.

So that's why we put these out at the end of the year to highlight the best moments from the show and these are all voted on by the listeners.

Listeners, these are people that have done the work for you of listening to the show and it is an arduous, tedious task.

That's right.

I do not recommend it.

I don't know why any of you are.

If there was a separate subscription feed for just the best of episodes.

Oh, so that twice a year.

That's the, you know what, that's the problem is most people just want the best of episodes and they subscribe and then they have to listen to all those other ones and then they end up voting on them.

Yes.

But yeah, everyone votes on their 10 favorite episodes of the year.

We take the top 10 of those votes and we play them back to you.

We've already heard 10 through six, including some bonus and we're going to have in this episode, we're going to break it down from five to one, including a couple of bonus clips and I know I know.

I think right now people are saying that's impossible to do what I just said.

To do what you just said.

It's not.

In fact, it's so possible we're going to prove we're doing it not because it is easy, but because it is hard.

That's right.

What before this decade is through, we will count down from five to one the decade of 2002 through 2012.

That's correct.

Yes.

I guess I should have said 2003 to 2012.

Shouldn't I have been?

Who cares?

You know what?

It's not as much fun.

Don't write me any letters.

Don't ever ever print is dead.

So stop printing and stop cursiving.

But you get me on a loophole.

Oh, I thought I got the kind you'd see in cursive.

So let's get to it.

What do you say?

Let's start stopping it, Scott.

No, I'm trying to say enough with the bullshit.

Let's get to it.

Yes, I know.

I understand.

But I'm not the impediment here.

It's the listener.

I don't.

It's not that I'm saying you're in the impediment, but I wish you'd stop impeding.

Have you ever wanted to hear a podcast of two people who are really mad at each other and put it on brave faces?

You know what?

Now I do.

I would like to listen to a string.

Mad at you, cast.

Not mad about you.

No, mad at you.

And it stars Paul Reiser and Helen.

And she's naked like she is in the sessions.

That's right.

Oh, that would be my favorite part.

Did you make it in the sessions?

Oh, yeah.

All the time.

Every scene.

What?

Yeah, she's naked in every single scene, including the guys funeral at the end.

Spoiler.

That seems improper.

Improper.

Who are you all of a sudden?

I was trying to say improper and inappropriate at the same time.

I'm not going to say it.

Let's get on it, Wikipedia dictionary.com.

Come on, Wixianary.

So this comes to us.

This episode is coming to us at number five.

Number five.

That's right.

Number five.

That's right.

Number five.

Singers.

Stop singing.

Number five.

This is episode number five and this is episode 167, an episode entitled, new no no's.

Are you ready for it, Paul?

Yeah, I am.

This one, Jesus Christ.

This one really killed me.

Yes.

This is another episode with Marissa Wampler.

We talked about her on the previous top 10 or the previous best of episode last week.

Look at that.

Marissa Wampler is our CVB intern who gets on Mike.

This is the second appearance in the top 10 for her.

People love her.

And a comedian named Gerard Carmichael also is in this.

That's right.

A great comedian, young guy.

That's right.

It was very funny on this episode.

But I want to highlight the section of the show where upon our old friend Paul Rust comes in.

Good old Rusty.

What is stronger than iron?

Rust, I say.

Oh, that's like a riddle from the Hobbit or something.

That's right.

In theaters now.

48, I say.

48 theaters?

48.

I only see it in 48 theaters at 48 frames and in the continental 48.

The contiguous, what I'm saying?

So this is a section where Paul Rust comes into the show and he's a comedian in his own right and he has a feature called New Know-Nose, the titular New Know-Nose.

And this is one of, in my opinion, one of the funniest things I've ever heard on the show.

I couldn't believe it.

I couldn't believe that it was happening.

And I couldn't believe how much it was making me laugh.

So enjoy that.

This is number five.

Number five.

All right.

Well, I want to get to my next guest here.

He's a friend of the show.

He's been sitting patiently here.

First of all, I want to say his name.

Paul Rust, you've been on the show several times.

God, good to be back.

Thank you.

And Paul, you're a comedian here in LA.

Mm-hmm.

Stand up.

And when I, and maybe, Gerard, you've probably influenced by his work a little bit.

Yeah.

I have always said to me, I've been following your career very closely.

Yeah.

I know what you're going to say.

I remember the first time you came up to him after you saw my friend.

I said, you seem like a young Bill Maher.

A young Bill Maher.

You said, I forget, I might not be getting the exact words right, but it was something like you put everything and anything in your crosshairs.

Yeah.

And you don't hold back.

I like to look at comedians and see what they're putting in their crosshairs.

And it seemed to me like you were putting everything in there.

Well, and specifically, Maurice, would you say?

I think that was a big part of what I loved about you, is you were just taking a lot of mores.

A lot of social mores.

Yeah.

And just shoving them right in my crosshairs.

Yeah.

And taking them down one by one.

Dealing with Maurice for the first time since Dean Martindale with him.

Yes.

Yeah.

That's a moray.

Yeah.

I thought I were talking about a moray eels.

You took that trip down to the aquatic center.

Yes, yes.

Yeah, the aquarium.

Yeah, I love that field trip.

Blue goo whales.

Anyway, move on.

Yeah, I'm peeved off, Scott.

I'm always P.O.

Ticks off.

I'm cheesed.

I'm always pissed.

What are you miffed about right now?

What's cheesing you off right now?

Well, that's a good question because it brings me to, you know, my probably my most popular segment.

No.

No, no.

No.

If you have a baby and it starts crying on the plane, then we have full permission to make that baby fly the plane, right?

Yeah.

You don't like the flight?

You're crying so much.

Okay.

Congrats.

You're the new pilot, baby.

Yeah.

What do we like that?

Yeah.

No.

No, no, no, no, no.

If you have a next door neighbor and he gets to feeling like having a little weed-wacking session in the morning, ah, ah, ah, then we should have full permission to pay you to do it.

Yeah.

What?

Do you like it so much?

I'll pay you, buddy.

Every morning.

What?

I'll go over to your front yard and how much do you think a weed wacker costs, Scott?

A new weed wacker?

A couple hundred dollars.

Okay.

I'll give them two hundred dollars.

A new weed wacker.

What?

You like it so much?

How does that help?

Your problem?

No, no, no.

I'm scared.

I thought weed wacker was in your window for something.

Me too.

I thought that was...

I've had a few of those sessions this morning.

Oh, God.

Hey, how many of you guys have been to a coffee shop before and you got to wait 30 minutes huh?

To get your coffee?

Yeah, that happens.

Not often, no.

No, but there.

Those long lines.

Okay.

No, no, no.

I'm going to wait 30 minutes for my coffee and I should be allowed to take 30 minutes to drink it.

Well, you can.

You can take it as long as you want.

Yeah, I've been in this route.

Take for a tap, people.

Sorry, Starbucks.

30 minutes waiting.

30 minutes drinking.

They don't care.

You can say there as long as you want.

Bring your laptop.

These are the no-nose.

Okay.

You know, this stuff pisses me off, but it pisses us all off.

Yeah.

People coming up to me all the time saying thank you, man.

No, no, no.

Wait, that was one.

No, no, no.

That happens.

You guys, you guys ever been in the movies before and you got that guy in front of you texting the whole time?

No, no, no.

I should be able to draw a picture of you.

When I go home, I should be able to sit down and just draw a little illustration of you text.

You can.

You can do that.

New rule, no, no.

Oh, God.

Corn bread isn't bread.

It's cake.

Okay, people.

So all you health nuts who eat pounds of corn bread every day because some nutritionist told you it was healthy.

It was a vegetable.

Yeah.

Well, sorry.

You better be putting candles in and start singing Happy Birthday because it's a cake.

No, no, no, no.

Corn bread's cake.

All right.

I like that.

I like that too.

You guys ready for that last new no, no, no, no, no, no.

Goldilocks and the three bears, not an appropriate bedtime story, right?

Right.

Scary.

Too scary.

Mm hmm.

No, no, no.

That was really dramatic at the end.

No, no, no.

Goldilocks and the three bears.

Not inappropriate bedtime story, right?

Right.

Oh, mood?

No, I'm done.

No, no, no.

No, no, no, no.

No, no, no.

All right.

You know, no, no.

You really took us on a ride there.

Unpeaved.

Unpeaved guy.

He's so cheese dog.

He's so cheese.

Miffed.

How do you come up with your no-nose?

Well, I'll go out into the world and, you know, I just let, I let the gripes come, you know.

What a great way to live.

Yeah.

Are you actually angry at any of these things?

No.

I, I like to think what I think makes people angry.

Yeah.

And then I like to think of what the solutions they'd most like.

Right.

Solution.

I'm a...

You're a pretty easy-going guy.

Yes.

Yeah, nothing really ever gets you angry in your personal life.

Except for texting during movies.

Oh, I heard that one.

No, no.

No, no, no, no.

No, no, no.

Hold, we heard that no, no.

How, what was your situation growing up?

Well, families, you know, that's, that's the new terrain for me.

That's the, you know, I, I do a lot of things of...

You're delving into that?

Are you doing family counseling?

Mainly for, to, to benefit my new no-nos.

Yeah.

No, no.

Okay.

Uh, if you're my dad, then, uh, I should be able to make you my son.

Okay.

He's no sad.

If you call me a blue-dob, then I should be able to adopt you and call you son.

Okay.

Raise you.

Support you.

Be even glow of you.

No, no, no.

Dad's the son now.

Okay.

I like it.

Do you have the truth in his voice?

Oh, my God.

I'm afraid, I'm afraid right now.

I'm like, I have closed off body language.

I'm about to call you a ball.

I'm just worried people are going to take up my crazy ideas and...

And actually do implement them.

Yeah.

Are you afraid of that or is that the thing you want most?

You know, if that happens, it happens.

Yeah.

I mean, you think this loon should be running things?

No.

I mean, I just stand off to the side and make jokes.

I mean, I thought about public office, but yeah, my maniacs would vote for me.

I know that.

Of course they would.

Leave that to the clowns in Washington.

I think, you know what?

The bigger clowns.

I think the circus, uh, you know, on its travels, I know it was going from town to town for a while, and I think it made a stop in Washington and...

It stayed there.

Yeah, exactly.

It stayed there.

You see what I'm trying to say.

Yeah, yeah.

Because clowns are running once.

Yeah.

Yeah, well, uh, to continue the train theme, I think when they were handing out brains, I...

I'm not for sure about this, but I believe some of those politicians thought they were saying trains.

Yeah.

And they said, no, we already have trains.

We don't need brains.

We don't need trains, so keep going.

Keep going with the brains.

Keep... move on.

Because we have trains.

Oh man.

Because we as politicians have trains already.

No, no, no!

Oh, you have no, no, no!

Hey, no, no, no!

That's copyrighted!

So is warping up.

It's my...

Dennis Miller's got his rants.

Yeah.

Bill Maher's got his new rules.

Yeah.

And I got my new Nellies.

Oh, no, no, no, no! I'm sorry! No, no, no! Can we get that out? It's our new Nellies!

It's got it out.

It's got a wook at it out. Don't worry.

Number five!

All right, boy, new Nellies, huh?

Something about that segment reminds me of something, but I can't think of what it is.

Maybe the theme song? I don't know.

It's the kind of segment that makes listeners were telling me that they were walking around their house just saying it for weeks and weeks ago.

I can absolutely see that.

No, no, no!

I hate it and love it at the same time.

By the way, if you liked new no-nose, go listen to our holiday episode that came out a couple of weeks ago where Paul Rust has some new...

You know how he called them new no-no-nose?

Yes.

Well, they are new Ho-ho-hos.

That's right.

Christmas new no-nose.

It's based on Santa Claus.

Yeah, the Santa Claus myth.

He's known to say Ho-ho-ho.

Yes, the myth of Chris Kringle.

Chris Kringle, St. Nick, Old Scratch, Bill's Bub.

He's got many things.

He's got a little...

Macey Stone.

So, tell you what, Paul, what do you say?

Let's take a break here for a second.

All right, I got you on my side now.

Why wouldn't you take a break?

You work too hard.

You gotta take a break.

Come on.

You gotta take a break, you know.

I love you, you know.

I mean, you're going out, you know.

You're grateful.

You're with me, you know.

That's our Woody...by the way, if you didn't hear part one, that's our...we've been doing Woody Allen impressions as we record these.

So grateful.

So, let's take a break.

When we come back, we will countdown from four to your number one right after this.

From four to your.

Comedy Bang Bang, welcome back.

Welcome back.

You got it.

You heard it here first.

You.

Me and not Paul.

That's right.

You heard it from me second.

Comedy Bang Bang.

Second style.

Why did you go sit in an empty pool and be sad?

We're having fun.

We're counting down from five to one here.

And we just heard number five.

Great clip with the Wamp and new no-nose.

And tell you what, I think it's literally there's no other number I would rather do at this point than number four.

Yeah.

Number four.

Number four, that's right.

And this comes to us from episode 148.

Mmm.

The intriguing number.

Yeah.

Now let me set this clip up a little bit.

This is from an episode called Wipeout.

Oh, yes.

Yes.

Now, I had my good buddy Jason Menzugas on the show.

Hilarious guy.

He's hilarious.

A hilarious guy who plays Raffi on the lead.

He plays the dictator's best friend.

The dictator, the Sasha Golan, Sasha Golan, Baugu.

Movie.

From the Hobbit.

Now, theaters.

The Sasha Baron Cohen movie, the dictator, he plays Sasha Baron Cohen's best friend.

He's on enlightened.

He's so great.

He's a miserable office worker.

He plays a weirdo on Parks and Rec.

He's just one of my favorite people and actors.

Yes.

And I enjoy doing the show with him.

And all of a sudden in the middle of the show, we have another guest.

Let's promise to always introduce who Jason is.

Yes, no matter what.

No matter what happens, he deserves that.

He deserves it.

It's fun to say his name and it's fun to provide his background.

It's fun to talk about his credit.

So I say if we ever mention him again, let's...

Yeah.

I'm not saying they were going to because who knows what's left in our countdown.

But please let us make that dear promise to each other.

Yes.

A promise is made.

A New Year's Promise.

So anytime, by any time you talk about Jason Menzugas, you should talk about his credit.

You should.

Absolutely.

No matter if the person with whom you're speaking.

Takes a village.

Knows who Jason is or not?

Yes.

So I was talking to Jason and the other guest that came in was a fellow named Dalton Wilcox.

Yes.

Now Dalton Wilcox is the self-proclaimed poet laureate of the West.

Yeah.

He is a poet, he's a cowboy, he dressed like a cowboy, he had spurters.

Yes, there is a thing called cowboy poetry.

Yes.

And these guys have competitions every year and stuff like that and he is the poet laureate of the West.

Yes, he considers himself the best at it.

And we will hear how the title of the episode got its title, the title, the titular wipe out.

And we will hear a lot from Dalton Wilcox.

And let me also just say, we mentioned him earlier, Andy Daly, who is a great funny guy, improviser, who's on the show a lot doing various characters.

He has been on the show several times and I just want to give you sort of the backstory on him.

And some of his characters somehow by the end of the episode, they all talk about how they're going to commit suicide.

Yes, they announced their intentions to self-merge.

Yes, so Jason and I thought that if we ever had Andy on the show again, that we would kind of figure out why this was happening.

So that's all I want to say, but this is our number four clip.

Let's hear it.

Number four.

And you know, I've often been called the poet laureate of the West.

How often?

Oh my gosh, how often?

Yeah, it's hard to calculate how often I've been called between just loose conversations and.

So you haven't been keeping you running, Tali.

You know what I have.

Have you called yourself that?

Is that what's going on?

Well, to be, I'll be perfectly frank with you.

I've referred to myself as the poet laureate of the West.

So many of you.

Were you like the king of pop Michael Jackson who tried to get that going by his lonesome?

Well, gosh, I don't remember who it was who first called me that and called it me.

Called me to print and it might have been me.

What kind of publications in print?

Well, I've I print down a newsletter and I bring it to your own public.

A big part.

So you've been called the poet laureate of the West by yourself in your own publication.

I believe it was me who first called me that.

And it has been calling me that.

Is this an online publication?

I wish.

Nope.

I printed out and I handed out it.

And it comes and rodeos and do you have any any kind of centerfold in there for Jason?

Yeah.

Like anything in the any beaves.

Is your newsletter have any beaves?

I heard you talking about beaver before.

I don't care if that kind of calmer.

I have a hundred.

I'm like that a Monday.

This pro.

This is the kind of this.

Hey, this is the program you're on, buddy.

We tend to let it all hang out here.

That's the evidence.

The evidence.

No, it's my newsletter is just a I'm a celebrated chronicler and collector of the wit and wisdom of the wild west.

Out there in the range in the plains.

So this is kind of a bike on era or is this the wild west that's currently happening?

The west is very much alive.

Well, now.

Yeah.

As long as there are cows that need rustling up there will be cowboys.

How long do you think that'll be?

I feel I've figured that'll be forever.

I reckon that'll be until the earth crashes into the sun.

Well, that's not going to happen.

You don't think the earth is going to crash into the sun?

Sure, I do not.

That's what they say is going to be the end of the humankind.

I don't know.

I think that something's going to crash into the earth before we crash into the sun.

That's what, no, that's precisely what I'm saying.

A gigantic meteor will crash into the earth and then that will.

But that'll kill us all.

That'll be the end.

It's not the crashing into the sun part.

No, there will be some fun.

Let me tell you why you're wrong.

You think so?

Because we will know that it's coming and we will move underground and we'll protect ourselves and that and they'll be cows down there underground and we'll need cowboys.

They'll rustle them up.

That'll be cowboys.

I don't see this happening.

I think at that point, once we're living underground, we are cannibals.

I think the cows are gone.

Everything's gone.

We are cannibals.

This is like a mad max scenario.

It's not going to matter because within a year the earth will have been knocked off in sections by just maybe you're on that.

Wait, within a year, you say?

I said, well, it's going to happen right away but it'll take a year for us to fully- Oh, okay.

Not within a year from right now.

Crash into the sun.

No, I don't have an accurate prediction.

Why did you go on that happen?

I bought property up on topic Mount Kilimanjaro because when it happens all of a sudden the oceans rise, it'll be beachfront property.

I thought you were going to go through the whole song.

I know.

Now you're going into a different song.

You started with Wipeout.

Is that Wipeout?

I believe it is.

Okay.

And then you went into a totally different song.

You did a little baby on a one.

I do love that you expected us to rescue you from that.

I wish that people at home could have appreciated the dance moves.

I wish that people at home could have seen the look on his face that was screaming.

Help me.

He looked at us.

I started something that I don't want to keep going.

That was a lot of fun.

All right.

Dalton, what is your relationship to Gouchos?

A bigger part?

What is your relationship question?

That's finally.

Scott, thank you so much.

We're getting to the heart of them.

Now we're digging into the meat because I swear to God, I don't know what you mean.

You don't know what Gouchos are?

Sure don't.

They're out there.

Huh?

Jason, please.

I believe Gouchos Mexican cowboys?

Yes.

Exactly.

Mexican cowboys.

What's your relationship to?

Oh, that's not what I call them.

Oh, no.

What's going on here?

I don't call them Gouchos.

Oh, boy.

You got them Mexican cowboys.

Boy.

This has taken a dark time.

That's not what I call them.

Okay.

I got a number of names for them.

Yeah, I'm sure we knew that.

That's him.

I'm like, you know, Jason asked a lighthearted question that, you know, where...

What do you got?

Your answer.

White heart.

Oh boy.

It's also the name of a Steely Dan record, guys.

What's that?

Goucho.

Pretty great record.

Yeah, pretty great.

Pretty...

Let's talk about which album is the best by Steely Dan.

Let's rank them.

Let's count them down from one.

Count them down from one.

I think it's cozy if I have to do fruity.

That's a squeeze album.

Come on.

Oh, shit.

That wouldn't get any good.

You can't slip that pass by me.

What?

I thought I could.

What did I just say?

You can't squeeze that pass by me.

You can't squeeze that pass by me?

Oh boy.

So Dalton, tell us why you're here.

I've got a book coming out on Promoting My Book.

It's called You Must Buy Your Wife.

At least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and other poems and observations, humorous and otherwise from a life on the range.

That's fun.

That's the title of my book.

It's a title a little unwieldy.

A big apart.

It titles a little unwieldy.

Well, I looked at how much room there was on the cover of your average book and I said, people aren't using that.

Yeah, most efficiently.

You can get a lot more work.

Most people use 10 percent.

That's precisely right.

You know what I mean?

They put a picture on there or something.

I want to communicate to folks a whole lot of different interesting things about what they're going to find in this book.

Most people put a picture on their cover of their book.

I say put a thousand words.

Well, I don't know.

Well, it evens out.

No.

I see what it's worth.

Because the picture is worth a thousand words.

Yes.

Terrific.

Wow.

Just terrific.

I have support from you.

You need support from me?

No, I mean.

You're the one that decided to acapella sing wipe out after you.

The last two things that I've done.

Congratulations to yourself for a big gun bad.

The last two things I've done.

Let's count them down from one.

Wipe out and number zero.

Picture worth a thousand words.

You have just shit.

I'll go get a what I'll go before.

Negative one was the Oscar, 12 nights of Oscar.

No, you back me.

You did that.

That was nice.

I never did get to all 12 nights in Oscar.

Though I hope we do revisit it later in the broadcast.

What do we just made?

Dalton, I am certain we will.

Okay, good.

I'm glad.

Because I think as far as I know, it only got up to negative six.

I believe or seven.

A long way to go.

And a lot of it got fewer than were absolute.

Dalton, shut up.

I want to hear your poetry.

Do you have any goddamn poems to tell us?

Sure I do.

I got a poem here called The Lonesome Cowboy.

I don't know if you want some cowboy.

Is this an exclusive?

Yeah, it's an exclusive.

I never, yep, that's right.

It comes out in a new book.

Nobody ever heard anything.

No one's ever heard this poem.

All right, exclusive here.

Comedy Bang Bang.

This is a world premiere exclusive.

Anything you want to say?

You're going to know.

I'm just, I'm baited breath.

I'm all right.

Baited breath.

But you can start listening now because this is where it begins.

Live tweet.

Here it is.

Live tweet is this poem.

Yeah, well free, free to do that.

But don't give away the ending.

A cowboy is a lonesome man.

There's none more lonesome in the land.

He rides atop his only friend.

His horse, a companion on whom he can depend.

His woman may be miles behind him.

Sadness and desperation may find him.

But a cowboy whose wives will turn to the earth to lend him solace and even mirth.

The earth from which all beauty springs, such bounty forth she always brings, he'll dig a hole with cracked scorched hands pouring all the water that whole demands until that whole is moist.

Just right.

The earth will never put up any kind of a fight.

His cries of joy no one will hear.

In case I am not being clear, I'm saying that cowboy is going to fuck a hole in the ground.

We all do it.

That's what I've found.

Any cowboy that knows that lonesome hell can fashion a land Virginia well.

If a cowboy's seed worked like other seeds, there'd be cowboys growing everywhere across the plains like weeds.

That's the poem the lonesome cowboy.

Huh?

There's a point early on where you rhyme him with him.

That's what you're glomming on to.

I think you're wrong about that my friend.

Might I just say that the end of the poem was where my attention was peaked.

What happened?

The part where the cowboy is making love to a hole that he digs in the ground.

I rhymed.

Excuse me.

I rhymed behind him with me.

Find him.

Yes, him and him.

That's a secondary rhyme.

Yeah.

A secondary rhyme.

Right.

That's allowable.

You know what?

That took me out of the poem.

You didn't hear anything after that?

Nope.

What happened afterwards?

Let me just summarize.

This lonesome cowboy is hoping that cowboy clones will grow out of the earth from where upon the spot upon which he is masturbating.

Dalton, this is a fascinating poem.

They're open to interpretation, but that one is all wrong here.

Because what Scott was just describing sounds like as some sort of sci-fi cowboy poem.

I don't go for that.

No, absolutely not.

Like, could pod people of the plains?

You know, I mean, in some ways an artist hates to explain his work, but I will say that it's, I don't hope that cowboys will grow out of the ground and it has nothing to do with masturbation, my friend.

Absolutely nothing to do with that.

Well, as I look at it now, it appears as though the cowboy is having sex with the ground.

Isn't that a form of masturbation though?

If there's not another human involved?

There's another area.

Wow.

This, this, the cowboys lover is lady earth.

But wait a minute, how?

I'm not, listen, you're a cowboy.

I don't want to put this on you.

This.

You'll put anything on me unless it's a ten gallon.

This.

I'm with you buddy.

That's a sorts of wittest systems and observations about life on the range that you'll find in my book.

You know what I'm not seeing in this poem?

You must buy your wife at least as much jewelry as you buy your horse and other poems and observations humorous and otherwise from a life on the range.

Yeah.

By who?

But me, Dalton Wilcox, cowboy poet, poet laureate of the West.

Self declared.

So wow, that's, that's, it's a lonely life, huh?

How often, how many times a day do you think about this?

About what?

About suicide?

Yeah.

Gosh, how many times are there in a day?

Wow, that's a great question.

Yep.

You know?

That could be the title of my next book.

Are there in a day in other observations humorous and otherwise from life on the plane?

It seems to have a lot of this book's titles.

Yeah.

Do you get to press a lot?

Sure I do.

Always depressed out there with your horses, your only companion and the vampires killed your wife and now apparently maybe even your girlfriend and it's hard work.

Yeah.

Jason.

Andy.

What are you doing?

I'm an even Dalton Wilcox.

Andy.

I got to, I got to ask you a question, Andy.

What are you talking about?

Like, this is your 10th appearance, 12th appearance on the show.

For a character who was like, I'll write in his own life.

I'd like to point out Dalton Wilcox didn't bring it up.

Andy.

He didn't bring it up but he was joined to.

You jumped to the chance.

That's called, that's called, yes, and everybody understands Andy.

We're here because we love you.

We're not taping this episode.

The cameras aren't on, the dustin is not real.

Well then how are people going to know to buy my book, you must buy your wife Andy.

There is no book.

There's no book.

Andy.

Is everything okay?

Another.

What's going on?

I was listening to a number of past appearances and everything.

A lot of people would not notice this.

Everything you're doing.

Unless they're super fans of the show but Andy Daley comedian who's sitting across the line.

I don't know who that is.

Nope, it's you Andy.

You're, every time he's on the show he alludes to committing suicide in some way or something.

Every character you portray is a cry for help and we are.

I don't know who, I don't know why you're talking, I don't play any characters.

Andy, drop it.

I haven't dropped that accent.

Drop that accent.

I am the right man.

The glory and glory of the wind.

You need to face what's going on.

You can't stop me from killing myself.

I'm going to jump out in this goddamn window.

Don't you want to jump out the window?

Get out.

Get out from the window.

No, no, no, no.

We're eating.

Get out.

Oh my God.

He stayed in character the whole time.

He did it.

That was the most bravest death I've ever seen.

He stayed in character the entire time.

I just, I don't even understand what I just saw.

He just, he just, he went out the window.

I just, I really thought we were going to confront him and he was going to, we were going to tell him we loved him.

He's my, tell him we loved him.

We showed him told him we loved him.

He was my best friend.

He was your best friend.

In some of his characters were.

I mean, he was, he was an acquaintance of mine.

Wow.

That is intense.

Well, that's too bad, huh?

That is too bad.

All right.

Well, um, I guess there's only.

Oh, hold on.

Somebody's joining us.

H.B.

Don Jamello, theatrical director.

Andy, how did you survive that?

Andy.

What are you talking about?

Andy.

Why are you guys calling me Andy?

How did, I know we're only on the first floor.

How did you survive that?

What are you, oh wait, I just answered my own question.

We're on the first floor.

I totally forgot about that.

And when he fell, maybe did that knock him into Don Jamello?

Oh my gosh.

I don't know what you mean, but I just stopped by here because I want to.

Are you promoting some?

I just want to jump out this window with you on my shelf.

No, no, no, no, no, Andy.

Andy.

Oh my God.

He did it.

I don't want to look out the window.

Who's this?

He's me, hot dog.

How's it going?

You guys?

Hey, oh, yeah.

Why'd you drop by?

Just here to kill myself.

Oh, there we go.

Oh my God.

I'm not as concerned because I love that it's happening.

Oh.

He falls a lot longer than what I would consider to be the first floor.

Oh, who's this?

It's me, August Lindt.

How do we know?

The original suicidal character.

Wow.

What a treat.

What a treat for the fans.

So many suicides.

Oh, get him a hony out there.

Get him a hony.

There he goes.

Wow.

Oh, no.

And a historic.

Oh, no.

I hope the next guy doesn't have a bunch of heavy coats on.

Bill Carter, trainer to the stars.

Oh, he's gone too.

Wow.

Oh, boy.

Bill Carter.

I wish I could remember him.

Oh, boy.

Bill Carter, I wish I could remember his web site.

Trainer to the stars.

Oh, wait.

Who's here?

Anything Irish guy with the poems?

Don't do it now.

Doesn't even remember his own name.

Wow.

Okay.

Well, hopefully one of these days, Andy, will come back in here.

We can really genuinely worry about it.

And I'm the British guy who made a brief appearance on the episode.

Oh, the YouTube guy.

That's right.

That's the middle.

Well, there we go.

All right.

Well, what a show, huh, Jason?

Wow.

Crazy, huh?

The thing I'm a little weird about is I don't think we got through to Andy.

I don't think we did, but at least it was entertaining.

At least we did.

And it's really for the fans.

A cavalcade of Andy Daley's suicidal characters.

Number four.

Yeah.

Andy.

R.I.P.

Ossible?

R.I.P.

Ossible?

Andy Daley in the grave now.

That is?

Yeah?

It's a shame, too.

It's a shame.

That's why he hasn't been on since then.

His television show on Comedy Central would be airing posthumously.

And then it would be right.

His show, what is it called again?

A review with someone's name.

Yeah, Forrest something.

But it's coming on Comedy Central next year in 2013.

Andy, one of the funniest guys in the world.

And living.

Living, of course.

And guy, I said, of course.

Yes, that's true.

Yeah.

So many disclaimers for him.

That's right.

So many qualifiers.

Tell you what, why don't we take a break?

We come back, we will count down from three to one.

What do you say, Paul?

I say, let's do that.

Let's do that now.

No, boop, three.

Brouh.

Comedy Bang Bang, welcome back.

I'm sorry.

You're stepping on my line.

I don't know why that happens.

Hey, Mr. Who's that?

That's awesome.

Power.

No, who's his name?

AceVenture.

Oh, AceVenture.

Hey, Mr. Do you remember there was a Mr. Show wrapping party?

Oh my God.

Paul and I used to work on Mr. Show together.

Yes.

Not at the same time.

Well, you were sort of acting on it.

I was acting on the season when you were writing.

Yeah, exactly.

But there was a wrap party for one season.

Was it the last season?

Well, the very last season we had Corey Feldman's band play.

Yeah.

And it was a bummer.

Well, yes, along those lines, there was maybe the season before they had hired lookalikes.

Two AceVenture lookalikes.

And Michael Jackson lookalike?

I think that Michael Jackson ones were the Corey Feldman.

Okay.

AceVenture lookalikes.

And they were meant to roam the party and entertain us.

Yeah.

Yeah, so it was, yeah, but it was kind of fun.

I enjoyed hearing all their catchphrases.

For how long?

Oh, righty then.

Oh.

Yeah.

I'm also just hearing it by itself.

It's just going to sound the same.

It's just going to be my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife, my wife.

There, you just saved everybody a lot of time.

Yeah.

But if you want to make a supercut, how about it?

I just, I can't do it myself.

Hey, if you're a mentally ill person, you hear something talking about your time, put down your perpetual motion machine.

And work on this for a minute.

Stop looking at people as if they're the devil and plotting ways to discourage them from the, or scourge them.

Courage them, purge them.

I'm hungry.

I haven't eaten lunch yet.

Discurge.

I'm hungry.

I haven't eaten lunch yet.

Discurge.

Hey, Paul.

Before we get cha-cha.

Hey, cha-cha.

Before we get back to our countdown, I think it's time for another bonus clip.

This bonus clip comes to us from episode 161.

No.

And 161, I believe, was our, it was the episode that we premiered during the Comedy Bang Bang TV show.

The Comedy Bang Bang TV show, I haven't mentioned it on this particular episode yet, but it premiered on IFC in the summer of this year.

Very funny show.

Thank you very much.

I would have loved to have appeared on it.

Too bad you weren't.

Unfortunately, our good friends, Andrew Lloyd Webber, he was on it and Cake Boss was on it.

But we'll try to get you on there in season two with their eyes one.

I hope so.

I would if there ever is one I would love to appear on the show some time. Okay, we'll try for that action. Well, but yeah, so What am I saying?

I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I I uh... college and this is your last episode of the show i don't like i understand uh...

that was fun though i enjoyed it and hey i hope that if it's your first time to show you're enjoying us having a good time what's more important to the people consuming entertainment then that the entertainers themselves are enjoying themselves that's right i want when i watch the deer hunter by i wanna know that's maryll streep in robert in euro had some last at that that state great time well i want to be people left on the set of the deer hunter also much i bet every take it was just like i can do this how about the movie the rabbit hole with uh...

erin echart and uh... nichol kibbin that was about a dead child do you think that anyone left once you think there was any bloopers like where somebody's like you're blaming me for his do so i'm sorry i'm sorry what i said instead of death do you think that uh...

in dune did they ever say like one down instead of one dune probably now that would that's a blooper i want to see on the david lynch cut what do you want to see the david lynch dune bloopers or do you want to see the tv movie miniseries dune bloopers both next to each other and on top of each other now we're talking about a super cut i can get the hide uh...

what are we saying all this is about a school i don't like it's about it's yeah it comes to us from episode one hundred sixty one when the tv show premiered our good friend tim hide-acker from tim and eric awesome show great job to hide he came by reggie watson i one-man band leader uh... came by also uh...

andy daily was there and john daily they the daily twenty all the dailies the dales that's rare that you have both dailies at the same time all the yeah i mean uh...

well they kept leaving the room and coming you know then the other one would come in mmm yeah i don't know curious or and curious was anyway so this is from episode a hundred sixty one tim hide-acker uh... he is going to this clip he tells us all about his new projects new here reggie watson i think i saw he's got something going on this and speaking of woody allen this is it here it i don't want to spoil it but uh... he's got a new project spoil it don't spoil it he's going to be not a little bit of you covered on the road you know that you want to spoil it we're living together you know you know come on we had so super for the people of feelings but i love come on i want to be a friend of the show alright so here we go this is a the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the the but uh... yes so china was cool i could talk about that a little bit if you want well i mean we don't have to a few i mean you obviously just got back maybe you want to process it a little bit you want to the rest of what whatever you were dealing with over there now and it was a it was like a for me it was like a dream come true i guess yeah but we don't have to talk about a lot of people like to internalize those kind of things they don't like well i know what i found is a lot of people if they share experiences they're no longer their own you know so i don't have to talk about it if you don't want to talk to you i want to tell people it's kind of cool it's kind of cool it's actually kind of cool it was cool yeah i went to it was a a woody alan movie you're doing a woody alan movie congratulations he's doing those in china now well this film is a place in china he had his european period yes well no okay let's see he had his american period right we all know any hall for instance okay in my opinion that's when he started to become a little bit more of a serious filmmaker you know maybe it's just me but for me that's where he sort of put well like a side yeah you know the kind of broad comedy and he just delved into more personal themes maybe that's i mean that might be just me but so then he went to england and he did some some films match point yeah maybe it's just me but for me he really kind of reinvigorated himself as a filmmaker then sure he'd been getting into a little bit of a rut but you know in my opinion just my my personal opinion he just sort of sparked into something that was a uh new kind of and then he went over to europe you know yeah vicky barcelona vicky barcelona forget perese couple other great movies the rom the pizza rom down under and under and rom no no that's quickly down under no is that what it is but this is um this is his first movie in china it's a complete it was a completely new experience for him and and me i'd never been there and it was a small part but they wanted everybody there for the whole shoot oh i understand so so you've done a woody that that's so that's every actor's dreams called ching chong matinee and uh it's i don't know where it's going to come out probably in the fall ching chong ching chong matinee matinee with uh howie mandel tony roberts um jackie chan jennifer aniston jason al-xander uh and myself tony roberts is back in in woody alan that that's big news yeah it's cool it's like it's uh it's bnw it's silent it's um because the endo oh black and white yeah because he um kind of he was out there what he told me the story he's at the oscars um and saw the the artist like for the first time at the oscars did they they played after they played it after the oscars he did he had saw the clip at the oscars a lot of people don't know that you know right after the oscars they play the best picture yeah they have a screening just so yeah yeah the camera the tv can't show it because they don't have the licensing right sure anyway he was kind of blown away by the way that looked and the whole style so it was black and white and it was silent yeah so he wrote this script about um a bunch of chinese people that do a opera in um based on the kung fu panda the cartoon the cartoon movie the dream works yeah kung fu panda uh so they do they they do an opera based on that movie okay but it's silent the movie is silent yeah so why okay so it's just all of you all of the actors open their mouths and pretend you're singing and in what uh and it was like you know he's always kind of pushing boundaries and um we all were made up to look like chinese people hmm okay so but now jacie chan does he play the panda then because i would imagine he doesn't need the the makeup you know he plays um the president he plays um president clinton who comes to he what's this now you're getting emotional like sell jet lag and yeah we'll get you that coffee don't worry but so he plays he plays president clinton who uh yeah comes to the to the aid of the panda i would imagine no he's going to of the premiere of the opera oh okay oh i see so it's not it's not chasing out xander's like the like the woody character in the in the movie got it you know so he's like the main actor in the opera so it's and he's got like very neurotic and uh as falls in love with jennifer aniston who plays the the female lead right right but the female lead in the kung fu panda opera yeah okay and i play it just a stage hand i'm i'm like i have no lines well nobody has any real lines but yeah i'm just i'm on screen flight four minutes four minutes if you don't have any lines what are you doing on screen for four minutes that's that's a long time actually yeah well i mean throughout the whole film like there's four four moments where i come out four five moments where i come out and move scenery around oh okay and i give like some looks like sort of like classic comedy like double takes and stuff okay what's going on on i mean can you spoil it what's going on i should i probably shouldn't i mean and it's like what do you keep things so segregated so like i don't know what anybody else is doing really like there's a lot of in-u-end and a lot of rumor going around about what's going on but right it was fantastic and it was like two hours like three or four hours of makeup like getting it on and getting it off every day what for you're just playing a stage hand up i was playing chinese oh chinese stage yeah so they have the prosthetic eyes and the and what else skin coloring in the hand the wig and everything is all very yeah i mean you wouldn't you want to not even going to recognize me i look completely different like it's like a real chinese man gosh that's uh i guess that's exciting i don't know the reggie what do you think about this have you i think it sounds uh when i really enjoy tango pairs tonight i think that it's last time going for us yeah that was a good woody i love woodies well yeah i mean he has not he has yet to make a bad movie you know they're they've all been good his track record he's a hundred percent yeah he's he's like he's like a track team that wins every match that's how good his track record is i'm happy to be back i'm happy to be a part of it um yeah anything for repressed release um yeah well yeah what so why did you pull out a piece of paper as you started saying that uh reading from it because what do you be the last thing he said to me he drove he we all sort of took the same flight back and we were getting dropped off in the super shuttle and he said make sure if you're going to do any podcast today make sure you just say whatever i just said which was have a great i had a great time was a great experience so it was a lot of it a lot of the cast are doing podcasts that's generally what happens when you come back from an overseas shoot sort of as a sleep right into podcast operating procedures you just s o p yeah what um maybe i could get a jason al-xander on the show or howie or oh man wait do you see how i'm in dial in this movie he is unbli he plays the panda oh he's the panda yeah in that but he's a panda in the opera what does he play in the behind the scenes well that's the thing it's a little bit like um uh it's like what goes on behind the scenes of a of a chinese opera okay in beijing and it's unbelievable the food and the people and the food is a big a big part of this yeah it becomes like uh that movie big night you know the uh yeah about the the dinner that yeah yeah yeah it's Stanley Tucci yeah um touchy it becomes all about the food the chinese food okay and because what he became obsessed with chinese food he loves new york chinese food of course chinese town sure so that's you have that on christmas a lot i've had that yeah and every night after a shoot we go back and he'd order take out and we'd watch bob hope movies and just have so much fun just talking about the great the great work we did that day so so it sounds like the the plot got derailed somewhat just by his love of chinese movie or chinese food rather he it just got derailed to where the yeah how much of the movie is about chinese food that's the thing is he if you know anything about what he is like sort of there's a script and there's an idea but that he's so willing to let things go wherever they go so if you know any hall this was classic the classic story that that was not what the movie was supposed to be about right i remember that diane keaton she walked into a scene and she just rifed my name is any hall right and he said we got something we got something here so that's what it became and i think after a couple days of shooting with this opera and the silent stuff and yeah and woody and the producers chinese producers were kind of like what is this this isn't working so then it became about improv became about or take out chinese and jason is such a great improviser and he is one of the best he could do the woody things so he'd be like you know he'd be riffing on woody woody-isms as we say on set you know yeah like uh you know this chinese food is worst in then outshoots you know oh yeah everybody would be screaming what would he do when he would risk stuff like that would he like scream he'd be like this is the best is the best experience would he like high five anyone or yeah i mean he just would start running around screaming like he brought one one was funny um one day was funny i can't remember what jason was he was very tired and he was pit he was actually pissed oh jason was yeah oh and uh he said jesus and woody is a thought he was hurt himself in his head for his head for his thought he and he started screaming and and just is jumping up and down we were all laughing that's a funny story that's a good story that's a real that's one of the best stories i think i've heard one of the best show business stories i think i've heard at the very least yeah it's a good one you have to be there of course but you know not really you know the way that you the way that you told it you're jason just go jesus and you know what do you whoa whoa and freaks yeah and his headphones come because he wears the headphones oh that's a director and everything you monitor sound yeah and he just starts running around he ran right out into the street right out into the chinese street and he said i'm home he goes i'm home finally is he moving there who knows but bonus oh such a great clip huh what a bonus that was it really was a bonus it really was a bonus yeah all right paul it's time to count down we're we're now at our top three paul can you believe it i can't believe it scott voted on by the listeners my life what's happened i'm an old man uh this episode it's time for number three number three number three that oh we're here at it and and a lot of people when this came out they said could can you top this episode ever i remember these fools this this may be the best episode of all time no it came in at number three relegated to the three heap the three yeah 3.... com battle 3....

Fa fa fa wa shelves 3.....

3...

3....

.....

3...

....

...

3- ...

...

3...

...

....

...

Guys! I apologize!

...

I do not for this one!

Oh, good!

Oh, I think that was better than the last!

No regrets!

...

It's better because we set 3-p a lot!

Yeah!

The rule of threeps!

Comedy rule of threeps!

...

Alright!

The three-p!

Speaking of threeps and things that rhyme with threeps, this is the episode called Out of Bleeps!

Oh, this was a fantastical one.

This was a great episode.

Amy Poehler from Parks and Recreation.

Absolutely hilarious.

Old friends!

All-time legendary hilarious.

One of the funniest people in the universe.

Absolutely.

Living.

And she's a friend of the show.

She came and did it.

It's true because Sam Kinis in his path.

And so she, you know, she moved up a ranking.

So she's the mantle, yes.

She was on the TV show and she graciously spent so much time filming with us.

In that episode of the TV show is one of my favorites.

This is one of my favorite episodes of the podcast.

This is an episode where, first she came and before this clip, she came and we talked about Parks and Recreation a lot.

And our good friend Jason Menzukis is also on this show.

This guy is hilarious, Lunatic.

He's, you know him as Raffi from the League.

That's right.

You know him if you saw the Dictator with Sasha Baron Cohen.

He's the Dictator's best friend.

And he's, Jason is one of the funniest people in the world.

And boundless energy.

And so the two of them bouncing off each other previous to this clip.

Old improv buddies from New York.

Already, that's a great show.

Yeah.

What can we throw into that mix Scott to make it even better?

Well, all of a sudden then we throw someone by the name of Tom Lykis.

Disgusting radio host.

Who used to be on KFI.

And I think he has a podcast now.

He talks about it in this clip I believe.

So Tom Lykis gets thrown into the mix and has a little sexual connection with Amy.

I don't want to spoil it, but why would you spoil it?

Why would you think they got a section action?

A section action?

Yeah.

A section connection.

But let's hear it.

This is your episode three, your episode three.

What am I saying?

Like Star Wars here.

Speaking of Star Wars, episode three.

No, this is your number three.

Let's hear it out of bleeps.

Number three.

All right.

Well, let's get to our next guest here.

You know him as the host of a certain program who was on KFI and then CBS radio.

Talk radio personality.

Currently moving over to podcast, I believe.

You got it.

Please welcome Tom Lykis to the show.

First time on the show.

Thank you, son.

Son.

You got it.

Here we are in Hollywood, California coming at you with a Tom Lykis radio program on your Wolfcometer network.

No, this isn't.

This is not the Tom Lykis radio program.

That's one tub, 100 tub, 100 tub is your toll-free telephone number.

We're taking calls and putting bitches of their place.

I've never heard your show, Tom.

How long has it been on the year?

Oh, it was all the questions.

How long has it been off the air?

Well, that's not really what it was.

You know what I'm talking about.

I don't think he's answered anything.

I'm excited to hear it.

I am the professor at the class of the session.

Are you ready for Lykis 101?

Well, I'm excited to meet Tom because I've heard- I bet you are, dear.

Because I've heard his show in a lot of caps.

I bet you have.

Do you get off to it?

No.

Women love me.

You know what I'm talking about?

Actually, my wallet is well hung.

Oh, you know, I find that most women aren't really attracted to someone because of money.

You know, it's really personality.

Oh, sure.

You sound like a shrill, shrieking shrew.

You're calling it so I can't see it, but I bet you're a big one.

No, no.

Actually, she's right there.

The woman who is speaking- I know.

I can't see her over the fold, but she sounds like a real porker.

She's sitting right in front of you.

One and one half foot away from here.

I don't care.

I'm going to try to not.

You know what I'm going to do?

I'm going to practice some Buddhist stuff I've been working on, trying to not engage, not get hooked by the stuff.

How did you get into Buddhism?

Did you get into Buddhism?

It got into me.

Amy, do you have a little book of Buddhist saints?

I do.

How did you come across such a book?

You rub his belly.

You see, this guy's going to hook me a little bit.

It's going to be tough, but I'm going to try to just stay in the present moment.

You know, sweetheart, sub-sara is nirvada.

That's what I tell all my bitches.

Oh boy.

So for people who don't know who you are, you are a talk show host that I guess you're disgusting?

Is that how you would describe yourself?

I don't describe myself as a man.

It was broadcasting.

And you're a man that could relate to.

You're a man themed show in other words.

It's a man themed show and I never had any problems with ratings when it came to bed.

Right.

You don't exactly look.

Well, you know, I find that most women, I like the same things these guys like.

It's not like I like all gender specifics.

If I'm sure there's something.

Of course you do.

You like everything but in the receiving end.

I know women better than they do.

Why?

Because I've been citing racks and porking butts.

Oh boy.

Porking butts?

We'll see if I said you don't think.

If you know women more than they do, I would think you would be porking vagina.

Not only have I been porking butts, I started a factory farm for it.

You know what I'm talking about?

No.

I got butts lined up like Hillshire Farm Pork Cutlass.

Is it organic?

Everything I do is organic.

Amy, you must like some, you know, female specific things.

Sure.

I mean, I guess I do.

You know, I love, I mean, I, you know, I'll watch Sex and the City on reruns.

Of course you will and then you expect that lifestyle for the way that you're dating to support you and have you live that way like you own the boom.

I don't know what kind of women you've met Tom but actually all the women I know are very all the best women in the world.

I'll promise you that right now, sweetheart.

Are you married or?

I'm not.

I don't believe in marriage.

Really?

Marriage is for women to get their hooks into a Bible.

You know what?

You do a what?

You do a Bible now.

A Bible now.

Let me tell you something about being a Bible.

By the way, if you're, I don't want any little kids out there wanting all the broadcasting.

It's very important though that you can put the letter L and you learn any word.

Learn how to roll your talk.

Because I was going to ask that because, because a lot of times you say something.

You're almost sense.

One top hundred, tell hundred, tell a little bit.

Please don't call.

There are, there's no phone lines.

You've got all my lines.

This is a podcast.

We've got bitches and chains.

You know, I feel like, I feel a lot of pain from Tom.

You know what I mean?

I feel like he's having a, he's, he's kind of, I feel like he's, I feel like he's striking out because he's been hurt.

Oh yeah.

What's your background?

I mean, have, did you ever, have you ever been in love?

I, I, I convinced myself of them all I was in love.

I used to be a loser.

I used to fall for women.

At least turn me down.

And let me tell you something.

After I developed like us 101, everything came back to me.

I'm scoring with chicks.

Whose mothers turned me down?

Oh.

What's like us 101?

And then I'm dragging them around in front of their mothers and making a big scene about how I've degraded their daughters.

That's, that doesn't sound, doesn't look that turn to you all in Scott.

I think it actually kind of does.

Yeah.

You do like degradation.

That kind of power over the woman.

What, what is like us 101?

I, I, I confess that I am sort of ignorant about your broadcast.

I don't really know that much about you.

You don't need to know about me.

All you need to know is that your dick needs to be slobbed.

And if you're gonna slide and drag you in, I'm gonna, I'm gonna be a real slob.

I'm like a blood on a coiler couch.

I guess we'll, I'll, I'm gonna, way that men learn how to live sex with a women.

Oh.

Because I'm a man I don't know what to do.

I feel like I'm doing it the right way.

I got married.

I'm having sex with my- Oh, oh, you got married.

You're doing everything that your wife wants you to do.

Well, we haven't- I've been there, friend.

Let me tell you something.

Pretty nice.

Yeah.

I'm gonna tell you something, son.

She will poke holes in those condoms and you will have a baby and you will be hooked for life.

Well, that's what women learn genetically.

We're actually trying to have a baby.

We're having trouble with it.

I mean, how do they have holes in the condoms necessary?

How do you learn something genetic?

It's trying for about 15 months.

I think if it's genetic, it's really innate.

You know, you don't learn something genetically.

I've got the microphone.

I got a microphone.

I got a microscope.

I'm looking at the microscope.

A dental- a genetic level, a subatomic level.

And I've seen- I have seen the skeebs level.

Female chromosomes have the- the skee- Dental chromosomes- Mmm.

Skeeming chromosomes.

See, what I hear from this is- The X-Crolls.

Thomas, I think Tom's still in love with his ex-wife.

That's what I hear.

I'm sorry, Tom, but you've talked about- you've been there before and I'm- I assume that means you've been married before or something.

I would not say- I don't love my ex-wife.

I- what I do is I- I have a series of Google alerts just to make sure that I'm fully informed of how much of a bitch she is.

Right.

Just in different spellings in case someone- Let me make something very clear.

I don't have an ex-wife.

Mmm.

I have a room full of ex-wives.

Oh.

That's how popular I've been.

Why do you marry them and if you just- I don't get it.

I- there is- there is- there is nothing to make a br- a br- a bride.

Mmm.

I feel more submissive than knowing on her wedding day that you're gonna dump that bitch!

We'll be back with more of your calls out- No, we don't.

No, we won't.

No, we don't have any calls.

We're not taking it right.

We'll hear them all out of the- we'll hear them all out of the world.

Alright, let's take a little for some of our sponsors.

What?

Deadbeatdads.com.

Tom, I- Yes.

Your son is gonna grow up to be a man.

He better have an example.

Log him in at DeadbeatDad.com and get 50% off next time.

You push your woman.

I just wanna make clear, if you're just tuning into the show for the first time because you saw Amy a big star, your favorite television star is on the program.

You know, you love her- her light, her life, on- It's just tuning in.

Uh, this is not the kind of person that I want on this show and this is- I mean he's interrupted this program.

Scott, we were in negotiations for three months.

You tried to keep me off the air just like CBS Radio did, but guess what?

The people rose up and demanded it.

You made up like what I do, but you're gonna love me or you're gonna hate me.

That's why people tune in.

I kind of hate you.

Just so I'm- You keep tuning in.

Just so I'm clear on that sponsor.

Deadbeatdads.com.

You log the name of your child into the site.

You put your- you put your child's name on the site.

So the child- so now you- you the dad- You're a registered- So it's for Deadbeatdads.

Are you a registered- You're a volunteer- You're a registered- So if you're interested- If you're interested in being a Deadbeatdad, the first place you would look would be Deadbeatdad.com.

If you need- If you need somebody to pick up your kid from an adjacent county where there's an outstanding warrant and you can't cross that county line, other Deadbeatdads will step up to the plate.

Oh, okay.

All I hear is please love me, please love me.

I mean that's just all I'm hearing.

You know, I think Tom is an empty vessel.

It's very hard.

You are hearing what you want to hear, dear.

I've heard a little before from people like you.

You take a bed out.

You size him up and say, how big is Walla-Walla do?

He's Walla- It'll- Whoa!

He might- It'll end your- You try to dip your Nylons right into his fucking butthole.

Right.

What?

Wait.

Dip them?

How would one dip- Every woman wants to dip Nylons into my butthole and I've turned up down 90% of the time.

Okay, first of all, I've never heard of that.

Secondly, that 10% You're letting women dip Nylons into your butthole?

And I'm doing great!

I feel like that's something you want.

Let me tell you something.

We do often talk about what we want as if we don't want it, but he is asking for what he wants.

I feel like you're projecting a lot.

I don't project anything.

If anything, I am the screen upon which men project their fantasies.

I don't know.

A lot of men thank me verbally while they're scoring with chicks.

Really?

We all know that.

A lot of men scream out, My day, thank you, Tom.

Blow me up, Tom, as they're getting blowed.

What's blow me up, Tom?

They don't blow me up, Tom.

Well, we true- That's my website.

Blow me up, Tom.com.

And for a while, there was a denial of service attack and we had to scale it back to blow me, Tom.com.

But it's back up, we have blow me up, Tom.com.

Well, blow me, Tom.

Must have been a very, a very difficult site for you to have.

Well, it's fine, but that was when I was off the air.

That was with CBS bound to the women.

I never had a problem with male ratings.

But like that clear, and I'm a little bit tired of the hustle.

You're not my sample of my audience.

You're a woman and you're a woman.

You're a little woman and you're too.

You don't bring your size in.

You're a dirty, you're a dirty, little hairy little woman.

Thank you.

I like that.

Yeah, I do like that.

You're a little piglet.

And you're too big.

You're like, is beaming from ear to ear.

This is such a strange reaction.

I don't know why, but I'm getting this.

Okay, this is going to be really weird.

You're a squealing little shrew.

Guys, this is going to sound really weird.

I'm a little attracted to my brain.

Don't know.

I know what you are.

Don't fall into this.

I don't know why.

This is working.

We're down here at Hollywood.

We're siding racks.

This is activating your bad boy complex.

There's something about him talking to a little piglet.

Well, guys like me who are nice to women, we can't get anything going.

We can't have a baby, even though we've been trying her to do this.

I'm a lovely, generous man, hopelessly single.

Do you want to go out on a date with the Amy Poehler?

No, I don't.

I bet you do.

Let me tell you something that I think is a cheapest, dirtiest place all the Lincoln Boulevard that I could find.

Well, it does feel like I deserve that.

Lincoln Boulevard?

Lincoln Boulevard.

It's Santa Monica.

It's the Ch-no, it's Venice, on the Los Angeles side.

Okay, so just pull away Jason to Santa Monica.

It's something about his confidence.

I don't know.

It'll be telling you something.

It's confidence born of insecurity.

Let me tell you something.

You know that an sad, insecure man is within here.

You're right, you're right.

I may be sad, I may be insecure, but I get laid balls deep.

Do you ever get laid balls deep, Jason?

Meaning just my entire penis, go inside.

Like, end the balls?

The balls go right in, real smooth.

So wait a minute, you have your balls in her vagina while she has her nylon.

Or is this full?

Or is this all right?

Are you looking under the table because we are getting it all?

Who is?

No, that's not true, Tom.

We should clear that up.

Then, boy, that's not happening.

Let me tell you something.

I have my feet wrapped around your buttocks.

How would that even work?

Feet wrapped around buttocks?

You have no idea.

I understand my arms wrapped around your body.

My legs wrapped around your body.

When I get into a colloidal position with a woman.

A colloidal position with a woman.

I unfold myself.

Not I'd like a Decepticon from Transformers.

There are witches, by the way, are the bad guys.

The bad boys in the Transformers universe.

You better believe we're the bad boys.

There is something, I wrote him off at first, but now I know there's a decisiveness.

Like every woman.

You see, you're listening out there, all the Lycus heads out there.

You're listening and you heard a woman, she didn't have the world in her track, and that's what they'll say at first.

They'll slap you, they'll push you away, they'll be a sexual harassment lawsuit.

But they will come around, and you will come on their face as they rip up that restraining order in front of you.

Now he lost me, he lost me.

That's how attracted they are.

He lost me.

Who knows a little bit about you?

I'm so sorry guys, normally I would just bleep, you know, the terrible things he's saying out of the program, but we ran out of bleeps last week.

We did.

We ran out of bleeps.

We did.

We were out of bleeps.

We did.

We were out of bleeps.

We did.

We were out of bleeps.

We did.

We were out of bleeps.

We did.

Stop, talk, talk like a shoe.

Bew, bah, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.

I don't care, Bew, bah, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo, doo.

Alright guys well it's time for one of our favorite features on the show, and one of the first times we ever did was the last time you were on the show, Amy, and...

One tub hundred, tub hundred.

No, it's our toll-free telephone number.

Not that.

Open, lines, open, legs.

Nope.

It's actually time for the freestyle rap battle.

Oh, I'm nervous about this.

Oh no.

I'm afraid I might have a stop more slump.

You were so good last time.

The best that you were a goat, you were greatest of all time.

Last time.

Thank you.

I feel like I'm going nowhere to go but down, but I'm really going to try my best.

Alright, so I have a suggestion from our intern Caroline.

She's written it on a piece of paper.

I've not looked at it until now, and...

Scorpions, really?

Hey.

Alright, boy this is terrible.

Too specific I would say, but alright.

We're going to go to, I guess I'll start it off.

Let's see, here we go.

Turn it, turn me up.

Turn me up on the headphones.

Here we go.

Okay.

Alright.

Well, my name is Rapping Scott, and I'm here to say, it's fun to rap in a scorpion way.

Put him in a pail.

Ooh, you gotta watch out for the tail.

It'll sting ya.

On your finger.

Another place is of your body.

Body body.

And then you'll be sick.

Then you'll be sick.

You gotta get your dick out over to the doctor.

Dicky doctor.

Dicky tick tick.

Tock to, time to see the doctor.

Get your doctor on.

I'm out.

Yeah, woo!

Alright Amy.

Oh boy, this is tough.

Okay.

Well I don't enjoy exotic pets.

You can bet all the rest better take my name.

You know I used to have a dog.

I used to have a cat.

I used to do that.

I used to give him four.

I used to change the mood.

I used to be like, what's up?

Y'all, let's go get some shoes.

I used to buy my dog some shoes.

And he would walk down the street and be, what's up bitches?

Dogs and bitches.

Female dogs and bitches.

I'm not saying something bad.

Female dogs and bitches.

I got my riches.

You better take it and buy me some more cars so I can break the sound barrier when I drive fast.

I can measure things.

Make sure that they last.

I can talk about the future and the past.

Cause I'm on a buy a boa constrictor and put it around my neck.

Exotic pets.

All the best.

Exotic pets.

All the best.

Exotic pets.

What?

All the best.

Oh God.

I want to get yourself a white monkey.

Yeah.

Alright Jason.

I'm going to talk about scorpions.

I'm using the theme.

Jason what do you got?

Alright.

DJ Zooks come into the table to tell you a story about a fable.

The scorpion.

The tortoise.

One needs to get across the river.

Ha ha ha ha ha.

The tortoise.

You can swim.

The scorpion.

He cannot.

The scorpion asks the tortoise for a ride and the tortoise says but just sing me.

The tortoise says how can I trust you and the scorpion says come on man be cool.

They get on his back.

The tortoise starts to attack.

The water and he swims and he swims and he swims and the scorpion on the other side.

They sting him.

Boom.

They're both drowning.

The tortoise says why the fuck did you do them the scorpion says bitch I'm a fucking scorpion.

What did you expect?

That's a fable.

On the table.

Yeah.

So many rhymes.

So no rhymes.

I didn't do a rhyme.

I did a story rap.

That's a fable.

I like this.

I rap so fresh because my pussy is rotten.

I get more pussy than your dad ever got.

Oh boy.

I'm hip.

I'm a hop.

I'm down with the cool.

I'm ready to bust it like a nut with a fool.

Dude dude dude dude dude.

I'm a dude dude dude.

You're a let's say a time like this program.

Oh boy.

Yeah Tom really got deep there.

Yeah you're a little condom jungle.

Call condom jungle for all your jungle condom needs.

Wait.

What are your jungle condom needs?

A jungle condom need is when you're going so far deep into that pussy.

You know you're not coming out civilized.

Oh boy.

Yep.

We've all been there.

Number three.

Great episode.

Tom for our listeners with sensitive ears I apologize.

There was some language in there.

Got a little salty.

Got a little salty but that's Tom like us for you.

Love him or hate him.

That's how he's going to talk.

Usually it's hate him.

Yeah.

Hate him.

Yeah.

99.9% of the time.

You should hate him.

You really should.

Yeah.

But hey friend of the show.

Why would you hate him?

We did not even sounding like Woody out anymore.

Why would you hate him from beyond the grave?

Go to Woody out of these episodes that will occur or may occur.

I don't know.

You know I just want him to occur.

Just think that you and I.

Alright sorry about that.

Let's tell you what.

Let's regroup.

Let's take a break.

When we come back we are going to have your number two and your number one.

This is our last break.

We're going to have two and one right after this.

Oh my god.

Comedy bang bang bang.

We're back here with Paul F. Tompkins and we're here man.

We're in the last two.

We're at the top two.

This is the home stretch I call it.

Yeah.

I'm at home and I'm stretching.

That's how I pictured in my mind.

Let's do the seventh inning stretch here.

Okay.

Take me out to the ball game.

I know you.

I know you sounded so weary.

I know.

We got to get to our number two and number one though.

But you know what before we do that.

We don't got to get to it because let's do a bonus.

Oh yeah.

I fucked it up because I didn't say onus.

I hate myself.

Take two.

That's just an addition to what's happening now.

Here we go.

Ready?

Take two.

Oh yes.

Clips.

So this is a bonus clip from episode 184.

This was this episode came out the day before the election.

Wow.

Can you imagine such a thing?

When we reelected President Barack Hussein Obamacare.

Scott.

I feel as if you're injecting some political commentary.

I don't mean to do that.

In fact, that's what this clip is all about.

You'll hear basically what we have on this is Aziz Ansari from Parks and Recreation.

It was on this episode.

Yes.

And my old singing group, we had a capital steps type singing group back in the day called the Washington Monugene.

That's right.

It's me.

It's Bob Odenkirk who you know from Breaking Bad, Saul Goodman, Better Call Saul.

Neil Campbell and Mike Hanford.

We were all in this singing group where we sang political parody songs.

Yeah.

And the goal on all of these was to never take a stand and never let the audience know how we felt about whatever issue or whatever person we were singing about.

Yes.

Because you want to keep yourself out of the political commentary.

Sure.

You're just saying, hey, all of us.

We don't want to lose fans.

Yes.

You know what I mean?

Like if all of a sudden we take a side, that's 50% of our audience.

We're saying goodbye to.

Absolutely right.

That's what I mean.

So we didn't want to do that.

So let's see.

I thought it'd be fun to hear some of these Washington Monugene songs, which are quite simply terrible.

Buh, buh, buh, buh.

Oh, yes.

Claps.

I'm sorry Aziz has to be here to catch my angry spit in his face.

You're not supposed to take a stand Hanford.

Who do you think you are?

Michael Moore.

Oh.

More, more, more.

Michael Moore, Michael Moore, more, more, more.

How do you like Michael Moore?

Oh.

Oh, yeah.

Good song, guys.

That's it.

You just said his name?

Yeah.

There's no jokes about.

Yeah.

Speaking of people in the news, someone else we know has been up to a lot lately.

Who?

Instead of telling, why don't you sing it to people?

Alright, this is a fun one. Here we go. Ready? Z's. Hold on to your socks. Ready? Here we go.

Sarah! Sarah Palin! Sarah Palin!

Oh my god. I like that. No, I like how we end that one.

That was a whole song. That was it. That was it.

Oh yes! Clamps. Boy, what do you think of those, Paul? Terrible.

Quite simply. I called it. You know what you did? You were the first guy.

But of course you were working from the inside out. That's right. Trying to make change from the inside.

Alright, Paul, let us waste no more time and let's get to our number two. Yeah. Number two, Paul. If you had to guess, I don't know, what episode would be in here?

The end of mash? The final episode of mash, you think. Or we're talking about just strictly comedy bang bang.

I think at this point, we're just going to have to call from... At this late date, I'm going to say, I know there's one that I hope is not number two.

It is not. You know the one I'm talking about. I do think I know which one you're talking about because number two is a little episode called number 161.

Number one. No, it is episode 166 and it's an episode called Fartzen Procreation 2. Wow! Can you believe it? It's at number two. That's right.

Number two is Fartzen Procreation 2. Risky episode because it's a sequel. It's a sequel. The proposition is, can you recreate the magic much less improve upon the magic of the first... I don't even want it.

You almost got me saying. I was going to close with... I tricked you into being on this Best of Podcast and see if I could get you to say the word fart.

It's like Mr. Mythleplex. From the fifth dimension? Yeah.

No, this is a sequel to an episode we did in 2011 which topped... It was number one on the 2011 Best of. Fartzen Procreation. This was the sequel to it and obviously we did not top it because it slipped to number two.

No, but you almost met. I mean, that was a high order.

Pretty high up. It's almost as high as you can go.

It's just about. Yeah. And this episode has three people from the Parks and Recreation Show on it. It has Star Adam Scott. That's right.

It has non-stars yet writers, Harris Whittles and Chelsea Peretti. Correct. Writers are not stars and will they ever be.

And the four of us got together and tried to recreate the atmosphere of the first episode that we all did together which was crazy and a wild loopy episode.

I have a question for you after the clip. Oh, okay. So this episode we tried to recreate it. We have... First of all, let's hear a little... just a brief clip before we get into the main clip.

A smidgenet. Yes. This is because I believe we referenced it in the main clip. But this is a song that Chelsea and I recorded backstage at the UCB called To True Mon Freire.

To True Mon Freire. To True Mon Freire. To True Mon Freire.

To True Mon Freire.

Great song right there. Undisputable. Already deserves number two. Absolutely. Just for having that song.

That's all it does. But this clip, this is in the first episode, Adam and Harris debuted their characters Jack and Carl, two men who worked together at the lumberyard.

That's right. What are their last names? There's Carl, Sir Jr. and Jack pieces. Or vice versa. I can't remember.

I do care. So in this clip, they're going to show us some new character work with some new great characters.

And some brand new voices, some brand new physicality. That's right. I mean, they're going to give Adam Palia a run for his money.

So let's hear this is from Fartzen Pro 2. This is your number two.

Number two. Should we debut our, because Harrison and I have a couple new characters. Yeah. Oh, you have some new characters. Oh, no wonder you wanted to get out of those skins.

Yeah, we have new characters. Okay. These are two guys.

Okay. And two guys. Anything more needs to be said about them?

They're just two guys. So two males. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.

Ready? Okay. Great. Here we go. debut of two new cracks.

Slam open. Slam open.

Can't seem to make up his mind. Slam open. Just walk in.

Sit down. Sorry for opening and closing the door so many times.

Yeah. I mean, this place is air conditioned. Yeah. I have a bit. I have OCD. Oh, I understand. Everyone has their problems. Yeah. Hi. Hey, hi. You're a male. Yeah. You're a guy. Yeah. We're two guys. Okay. Hey. How are you?

My name is Blaze. His name is Blaze. Hey, Blaze. What's your name? Scott Ockerman. Hi, Scott. What's your name?

Sarah. Hi, Sarah. I'm Blaze. Hi, Blaze.

Hey, three new. No, I'm just kidding. Blaze. I'm my name is Chelsea. Oh, okay. That's funny. I'm Blaze. Oh, that's funny. Thank you. Blaze. And what's your name? Rodney. It's Rodney.

My name is Rodney. I'm a dog. My friend's called me Rod.

Rod dog. Rod dog. Okay. Hey, Blaze. Hey, Rod dog. How's it going? Can I just say that you guys are both males? You're both. Neither of you are women.

Yeah. Yeah. Through and through. Full on dudes. Through and through. Cool. So, what's up with you? What's your story?

What happened? Chelsea. Hey, let's... Why do we talk about...

I mean, you guys are strangers to us. Maybe we should hear about you. Yeah, it seems kind of intense to just say that to someone. Yeah, but you just, man. Blaze won't snow what you're dealing with. Who are you? I don't know who Blaze is.

And I definitely don't know who Rodog is. Rod me on.

His friends call him Rod dog. I bet they do. Yeah. Yeah, they do. Are we your friends yet? No. I'm Rodney to you.

Okay, Rodney. Well, why don't you tell us what your deal is?

We work for our livings. Yeah. What our living deal is?

Yeah. I mean, just what's your life like? Oh, well, we... I guess the nuts and bolts we work at... You know, those little things on headphones, like little plastic things that slide up and down to keep it.

Because it's slide up and down to keep the headphones kind of together so they don't tangle. Yeah. To keep the blue streams either apart or together. We call them blue streams or just wires. Yeah. Oh, okay. So I guess I don't know that much about headphones. Well, it takes... Clearly. They're called... They're called Clintings. All right, Blaze. You don't have to be so hot. You don't know what shit about Clintings. You probably don't know a lot about my stuff.

You put a Climpton on a blue stream, slide it up and down.

All right. And so, you know, it takes a machine to make those. Okay. We make the machines that make those machines.

Oh. Okay. We call them the... We call them the Climpton. We call it a machine. Because what it's... No. No. No. Climpton.

I'm sorry. Yes, they're named after him. So you're not that far off. I love him. Yeah, he's the best. He's like the first black president. And he plays sax on our show.

He plays sax on our sin. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He died for our sin. When he was campaigning for his first run up by first, I mean, the second one in 96. Sure. He came down.

We all know what you mean. He came by the factory and said, Hey, that's a great gadget you got going there. And we thought, well, we should name this after him. But we thought his name was Bill Clinton.

And we love Bill Plimpton's cartoons too. And Martha Plimpton was also a dear friend of yours at the time. I heard. Yes.

Yes. Yeah. You know through the great...

You totally know about us already. Well, I just put it together. Your Blaze and Rod. Rod. Rod. Rod. Rod. Don't know. Yeah. I think we have a mutual friend. Who is it?

Charlize. Do you know a girl named Charlize, like a blonde girl? One of my good friends. I only know one Charlize and she's a movie star. I know Charlize Hien. Yeah, it's Charlize Hien. Charlize Hien. Charlize Hien. That how you say it.

Charlize Hien. Charlize Hien. Yeah. Yeah. That's how you say it.

Is he Armenian? Yes. Charlize Hien. Charlize Hien. So we are friends with him. Oh yeah. He said a bunch of stuff about you guys. Not all of it. No. What do you say that was bad? He said like you guys are bahogs in basketball. When you guys play like on weekends. He said I remember he said Rod dogs a bahog. Yeah. Yeah. And he said that Martha Plimpton hanged out with you, but she didn't really like you. That's rough.

That's rough. He said that's really shitty of him. That's really rough. Why would he say that? That's just that is hurtful. So guys, what do you what are you doing here? Oh boy. She's or I can't tell she's crying because of that information.

She imparted. I'm about to cry. I love Martha. I don't like knowing she doesn't like us. What she do. She had a breakdown. Raising Hope Martha Plimpton? No. Don't own a TV.

Oh, the home. Oh. Yeah. Well, at least your priorities are in order. We live in the in the.

In the in the Climpton factory. So you live where you work?

Is it a work live situation? Yeah, I just said we live in the Climpton factory.

We have work situation. Literally 5 a.m. Oh, we got to go to work.

How do you know? How was the sleeper we're going to get now?

Yeah. How do you know when you're working and when you're living?

Well, we actually have a rule. If you're working, you always have to have like a you're not living hard hat on.

If you're living, you always have to have a margarita.

That's a great rule. Just for life or anyone out there.

Yeah. I think that's a great rule. Are the actually our first album is called Artats and Margaritas.

You guys are musicians? Yeah. We have a bunch of album. I didn't know that. Wait, Blaze and Rodog? I had no idea.

Yeah. Artats and Margaritas. Yeah. Okay. Well, you should tell them the name of our second album.

So the name of our second album, have you ever seen like a sunset? What is it? Shit.

Well, what is one? It's actually it's fine. The album is called You Got to Check Out a Sunset.

Oh, so I guess that definitely applies to you guys. Yeah.

In parentheses, if you haven't seen one.

Blaze, I'm going to have to insist that you give us the name of your third record. Yeah, you got to, man.

Oh, the third record. When was the last time you guys went on like a super long walk through a city and then just to the outskirts where it turns into either the woods, the desert, or just like walking right into the ocean? Just depending on where where the city is.

I love that title. That's amazing. Wow. That's like Fiona Appleisk. Yeah. I got to get back to my kids. How many kids do you have? 12. What are their ages?

You must have had a crazy month on eight. So wait, you had you had I don't even know what to call eleven identical. No, they might not be identical. You could have impregnated eleven women. Oh, that's true.

I didn't. Okay. It was an eleven attempts. Eleven attempts to impregnate your wife once. Eleven a template. Okay.

Eleven a template. And then an eight year old. And then an eight year old. Wow. Your little married. Your old is the mother.

No, no, she's not. You have time to take that back. You can take it back right now. We give you one take back in your improv.

We had her. We had her artificially exhibited. You have one take back reminder. I did have sex with her. We still got that reminder floating out there.

I did have sex with her, but we did put eggs and semen. But raw eggs. Oh, TB. We think we did incubate the eleven children inside of her. Also, also as a factory, we can do that.

Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's a Clemson factory. It's sort of a medical. Yeah. Okay. Yeah.

Well, improv shows would be good if you allowed every performer one take back. I say no take back. What's an improv show?

Number two. Oh, great clip, huh? It was a great clip. Here's what I want to ask you. Yes, sir. I'm at your disposal.

Did? Well, this is that time of year where you have to answer any question. That's right. Yeah. New Year's Eve.

Yeah, yeah. It's full moon. Did it feel the same? Did you, did the energy feel the same as the first? The first time you had that combination of people.

It was just as fun. I will say, I love doing stuff with those three people in that combination. It was just as fun.

Obviously, Chelsea is laughing so hard. And I listened back to this last night.

And it's just as fun to listen to. She was trying to catch a plane, by the way, if you're wondering why she keeps saying, she's late. She was like going to the airport right after this.

And he was just stretching on and on and we were getting weirder and weirder and crazier and crazy. I would have died of anxiety if I'd been in that situation.

Why would she ever schedule that? It was the only time that we could do it.

These four people in a room together, you know, like Ellie's Comet, right? It's like all those times that you hear about like Paul McCartney was going to come over and over to John Lennon's apartment.

You know, when they were going to jam together, but he never did. They were going to go eat instead some scrambled eggs.

That's right. They were going to get together and just jam and hate each other like they used to.

Hey, John. I think it's eating some scrambled eggs. What do you think? Don't do it. I think you're a sellout for doing it.

Oh, well, still me mum like some. Why don't you eat poached eggs? That's what you're just saying.

We've always hated each other. Aren't you the biggest creep in the world? Isn't that any creep bigger than me?

Go back and listen to the 2011 best stuff for more from those two.

But yeah, I mean, getting, look, I'm just glad that we were able to get all four of us back in a room together.

I think that we all could not happen.

Some people said it would not happen. Some people said it should not happen. These people were trying to prevent it from happening.

It was like something out of Dan Brown's The DaVinci Codes.

But instead we played some could have, should have, would have with you.

And we got us all back in the room together. That's what we heard. That's right.

Well, Paul, I think that it is that time. Thanks for having me.

No, no, no, no, my friends. There is one number yet to go.

Can I, before we get to this clip, man, are you an impression of my favorite moment from the movie, Link-hole?

Sure.

Where they're...

Link-hole-in.

Where Time of the Jones is hurling around the craziest old-timey insults that even back then, how can anyone be offended by it?

And I like how they all start with like a will the respected Senator from Des Moines.

And realize that like such preamble on the individual.

And they're the most, they're the most florid, ridiculous things. And I can't imagine even back then that anyone would be like, this is an outrage that you said this to me. I mean, you're in front of people. You say that to me?

Yeah.

And then everybody looks ridiculous, of course. Maybe that's why.

They're all wearing Foppish wigs. Yeah.

But this is ridiculous.

Mustachios.

Sami Lee Jones says something to this one guy. And then the camera zooms out of this guy and he goes, Howdy-ohh!

Hey, I guess if you are, if you're willing to talk that way, I could see how you'd be insulted by somebody calling you some sort of address-dub dog of a dandy doodle.

You think they just drop it from me and go, Hey, shut up, man.

Yeah. Fuck you.

And you would never stand. Fuck you on the floor of the house.

What ever happened?

Oh man, I won't hear it.

I'm in the Senate as anyone ever gone, Fuck you.

That's a super cut I want to hear. All the times, Fuck you has ever been said on the floor.

Well, Paul, thank you for that. And that's all the time we have. We can't get to our number one.

Oh, I'm sorry you guys. I used up all the time.

No, of course we have time for this.

This is our and your number one.

Number one.

That's right. Number one. And it is from your 150th episode.

Oh!

A very special episode called Time Bobby!

And Paul, this is one of your favorite episodes.

This is a personal favorite of mine.

I noticed on Twitter you got out the vote.

I did.

You were beating the drums for this episode.

I campaigned on behalf of this episode.

Let me give a little backstory about the voting by the way.

I wish you would.

This episode and Farts in Procreation 2 were neck and neck.

Literally one vote separating them and being constantly swapped.

All of a sudden Farts in Pro would be one vote ahead.

And then Time Bobby, until you tweeted that you wanted people to vote for it.

And then all your fans came out and now it's about 300 heads.

So congratulations to you.

It worked.

Well, I will say thank you to everyone who voted for this episode.

I'm glad they did.

This is one of my favorite episodes.

I talked about it on the AV Club.

I guess what do they call that feature where I talked about three episodes from it?

This is one that I picked that I wanted to talk about.

Podmas?

No, not Podmas.

But something about like, hey, these are three episodes that I like from my podcast.

You get interviewed.

Anyway, you can check that out.

Oh, yeah, that segment.

Yeah, that's up right now.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

I'm not familiar with that segment.

Because I'm ineligible.

You'll get there, Tomcast.

It's not, hey, pick your favorite Tomcast episodes.

Why not?

That'll come.

They get to everything there.

But no, this is one of my favorite episodes.

Let me set the scene here a little bit.

I had friend of the show Andrew Lloyd Webber is on.

That's right.

He is the writer of such musicals as Phantom of the Opera.

Yes.

Cats.

Yes.

Jesus Christ Superstar.

Yes.

Joseph and his amazing Technicolor dreamt.

That's right.

Not Les Misérables.

As I assumed for many years until someone just pointed out to me like, no, it's not.

It should have been.

It seems like could have been.

Could have been.

Yeah.

Hey, Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Why don't you get on having written Les Misérables?

Yeah.

Or rewrite it.

You know what I mean?

Rewrite that shit.

You can rewrite anything you want.

No one can stop you.

Do a reboot.

That's right.

I mean, the story's out there.

Do your own music for it.

Yeah, it's got to be public domain.

Yeah.

It has at this point in this economy.

Come on.

Under Barack Hussein Obamacare.

So this is at the beginning of the clip.

I'm talking to Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber for a bit.

And we're talking about his career.

And then in the middle of the clip, a very interesting person comes in.

An urchin.

A street urchin?

Yeah.

We don't mean to spoil it, but yes, a little orphan from off the street comes in.

Just a little guy.

We talk to him for quite a bit.

It's adorable.

And there is a very interesting ending to this.

Yeah.

And one of the best endings to any of our episodes, I believe, of all time.

So let's hear that.

This is your number one.

It's time, Bobby.

Number one.

So first...

Ask me.

May I say?

Yes.

At this point, this is a rare that I do such a thing.

Scotchrick, you may ask me anything.

Nothing is out of bounds.

Nothing is off limits.

It's all fair in love and war and this interview.

We may chat about this.

That even the other thing, which I have...

Heretofore, forbidden any... any journalist to ask me about.

Right.

All right.

Well, let me try to delve deep then.

I am an open book.

I am lyrics.

I would love to ask you something just maybe that no one has ever asked you before.

I dare you to do so.

All right.

Who would you say are the two main characters in Jesus Christ Superstar?

Ah.

This is an excellent question.

No one has ever asked me this.

Usually, everyone just knows.

If I were to...

If I were to stay definitively...

Who would have been too characterized in Jesus Christ Superstar?

Also, you could expand it to main three, two.

No, I like who you think.

Certainly, this is too unasked question to the room.

The main two characters are in order, I would say, probably.

In order of importance or in order of appearance?

Both.

Okay, great.

No, I can't remember who appears first.

Please don't hold me to that.

I believe Judas appears first.

No.

All right.

Then this would be in order of importance.

Okay.

The curtain rises.

Yes.

Lights up.

Both of those kind of usually at the same time.

Everyone is told backstage, stop whistling, stop saying Macbeth.

And then all of a sudden Judas appears on stage.

That's right.

And you hear that famous refrain.

Always, there are some boos in the audience.

Yes, always.

They recognize a boo.

They're the train-allowed.

Then Judas twirls his mustache.

That's right.

He puts on his top hat.

Yes.

He's dead.

He stands up from the train tracks.

And when he...

I...

Jesus Christ.

And he asks Mary Magdalene for the rent.

That's right.

She says, I cannot pay this rent, you ask.

Yes.

And he says, oh, but I am Judas' scariest.

And I demand you pay 30 rent.

30 pieces of rent.

Yes.

5,000, 2,100, 600 rent.

Yes.

And then Jesus bursts from his ropes and he says, Jesus smash.

And he goes on a rampage.

Smashing this and that.

The military is called in.

Yes, of course.

And they start firing at him.

But the shells, the shells just bounce off of his skin.

He says, you make Jesus angry.

Pughty humans.

Yes.

Then punches pilot comes in.

Yes.

And he says...

And he punches punches.

He punches punches.

Who becomes a pilot.

Gets in a plane.

But he can't fly it.

Because he's so scared of the controls being dirty.

He keeps washing his hands.

Yes, of course.

The plane crashes.

Yes.

Jesus resurrects everyone for the plane crashes.

Smash cut two.

It's 20 years later.

The Skydette Corporation is taken over all of Judas.

Yes.

Oh my goodness.

What in a minute.

Now, many of you have probably not seen this program because you're not theater nerds like us.

No, no.

I imagine you like your sporting events.

Yes.

Cricket.

Your North American baseball.

Your North American football.

What's that?

Football.

Hmm.

Sounds familiar.

It's a game where it has a quarterback and he touches the ball with his foot a lot.

Oh, you mean like English soccer?

Yes, of course.

Yes.

Okay.

So, um...

And that's Jesus Christ Superstar and there's the characters.

Okay, fantastic.

Well, I have many more questions like this, so...

I hope you have thousands and thousands.

So here we go.

The more probing, the better.

Okay.

That's me personal things.

Doesn't need to just be work related.

I'm giving you card blocks.

Okay.

Alright, personal questions.

How do you feel about the main characters in Jesus Christ Superstar?

Do you feel like they're the right ones that you picked and who are they?

Do you know, Scott Rick?

I have conversations with the characters from my musicals.

Almost every...

Who's that knocking?

This is...

I hear a girl!

Oh, this has never happened in the middle of an era.

Who's this little ragamuffin?

Hello.

Look at this street urchin.

Hey, it was there.

Hello.

Who are you, son?

Speak up, boy!

Are you an angel, Loi?

Why, yes, I am.

Oh, it's nice to meet you.

It was a smart young child.

You are.

Oh, my God.

Hello, little young man.

I'm a fan.

You're a fan of the musical theatre.

Yeah.

And my work in it in particular.

Yeah, I was lost and I heard your voice out to I came.

I say you recognized my voice.

Yeah.

I was outside of the building.

I wouldn't recognize that voice.

Wait, wait, wait, wait.

I like the cut of this young man's gym.

I do too.

But this is, you're lost in the building?

I got lost.

I'm so sorry.

I was outside.

I was so lost and I heard the voice.

So I came in because I'm hungry.

I was looking for scraps.

How long have you been lost?

For a couple years.

For a couple years, you'll see.

Yeah.

That's a long time to be lost in the book.

I don't have a watcher at camp.

I don't know the exact time.

Do you know the day that you...

Yeah, you may borrow my calendar.

It was a third, really?

Yes, it is.

It's a true Lloyd Webber, this calendar.

Wow, what's on that calendar?

It's huge.

Look at this calendar.

What's on there?

It's beautiful.

So many days.

Aside from the days, he scribbled little appointments on there.

Tell us some of those.

It's got one new topic of a film he's doing.

First film out for him.

Wait a minute.

A new film.

This is a scoop.

He's never ventured into that.

I know because I follow his work a great deal.

Well, you've been gone for the last two years though.

How would you know if you talked about it?

Newspapers.

Oh, okay.

Do you see newspapers every day?

Yeah, that's why I sleep on because I don't got a home.

Oh, these newspapers don't have a date on them.

I don't know what they do, but I only got one good eye.

Oh, I feel like a fool for asking that.

Seems like planning to read a date on a newspaper though.

I'm sorry.

One good one?

Yeah.

Seems like you could read a date.

Well, I kind of, but let's not get down to breath text or anything.

All right.

No, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry to press you.

Leave the little boys.

You have to excuse me.

I'm starving.

I'm starving a little on Ed's sometimes.

Oh, I am starving.

Do we have any food here at the studio for this type of boy to be?

Just scraps and plants, grates.

I mean, all I have is sort of the fat that I cut off of my steak.

That would be the greatest.

No, I don't know.

I don't want, you know, I mean, it's bad for a health drink.

I don't know.

I was saving that for my dog.

He is a ragamuffin.

I'm better than a dog.

I'm a human boy.

He does out-rack dogs.

All right.

Here, have my table scraps.

Thank you.

Wait.

Yeah.

Don't do your eating the foil that you're eating the swan foil.

There's vitamins in the foil.

No, please.

Unrap it if you could.

Okay.

Yeah.

Okay.

You're very hungry.

Thank you so much.

I haven't eaten in years.

Wow.

Is that medically possible for a survive that long?

I don't know.

I don't got a real doctor.

Fair enough.

That makes sense.

See, we're just using science that we know.

But you say a doctor would be able to tell you if not eating.

A doctor could tell you anything.

It's most trusted man in the business world.

And to be fair, Scott Rick.

Perhaps we've become used to medical advances that have happened in the last two years.

That's true.

Perhaps we know that doctors can tell people that...

Yeah, that's a stop.

Yeah, we're just saying.

Yeah.

So it's commonplace to us now, but for this little boy.

It doesn't know.

Emerging from the fog of two years ago.

Just don't remember it.

2010.

Oh, I wish I could.

Oh, no, actually 2009, because we taped this in 2011.

No, that's right.

I keep forgetting that.

Yeah, we taped it a year in advance.

I keep forgetting it's 2011.

That's because I got your calendar.

So that's exactly why.

Give them back.

Give them your calendar back.

I give you these table scraps.

Once as big as yourself.

Oh, thank you.

Did you get so many table scraps?

I was just always carrying them around.

Really?

For what purpose?

For just such an occasion.

At least I'd meet orphans.

Oh, my, I think you could take me if you weren't put me in musical.

Are you, dear boy?

Are you an orphan?

I used to be an actor.

Is that so?

Yeah.

You've trod the boards.

I did a lot of musical theater when I was just a baby boy.

Is that, who, what projections would I have seen any of these?

I was in Jesus Christ's.

What, actually?

What?

What rule did you play?

Jesus Christ.

He's one of the...

I keep one of the rule.

Three.

Get out, baby, candid.

Sure.

He's the main number one.

Wow!

The most important character.

All right.

In Jesus Christ's.

So you played Jesus Christ superstars.

He just called him Jesus Christ in the musical.

So can you sing one of the songs for us?

I wore my coat.

We've called it lightning.

I love it when Jesus wears his coat in that show.

It's just like he shows it off and he's real.

Could it be a coat?

It's real nice.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It must have looked even bigger on you.

I still got it.

Really?

Yeah.

Why aren't you wearing it now?

God stolen.

Oh, no.

You don't still got it after all.

I was on the street sleeping and a man took it.

No, they may ask you, young man.

Yeah.

What are the curious circumstances that led you to be a homeless little fellow?

My parents were dead.

Oh.

So did you run away from an evil orphanage?

Allah, Annie, or?

Yeah, and a rich man took me in for a little while.

He was...

He got me into a theater program.

Oh, that's so nice of him.

That was nice.

Sort of broadened your horizons.

I just wanted scraps.

Well, I'm sure if he was a rich man you could have eaten.

He was a very rich man.

I screamed in your hot days.

He gave me an aunt.

I put it on the ice cream sundae and that's how the bananas put got created.

I don't know if you know that fact.

Wait a minute.

Hold on a second.

I'm just gonna take the time that was created.

Oh, for the questions?

So when you created it, when it became something in your mind...

Yeah.

Okay, great.

I had never seen one before before.

Okay, so you actually created it because you'd never seen one before and you're heard of one.

Yeah, creating things all the time and just created an air conditioner.

Someone can invent something even if it exists.

Yes, if they don't know it exists, they think they've invented it.

Yeah, baby.

I just made that up right now.

I'm sorry to tell you.

This is the creation.

The man Austin Powers has copyrighted that.

What's up after Power?

He was a great and gone for longer than two years.

A great agent.

Am I six?

So, what happened to the rich man though?

He put you into the theater program and then...

He threw me away.

He was a little dumpster.

He was crazy.

He thought he was a little dumpster.

I found I was walking to streets looking for scraps in a very rich part of town.

And the rich man picked me up and he said, can you think?

I said, yeah.

Okay.

And he put me in the theater program.

Okay, but what happened then?

I don't understand because you're under the care of a rich man.

It seems like you...

I get...

Sometimes I can be a bit much.

Oh, you're a handful.

Yeah.

Now, it's not just his rights normally for an orphan to become under the care of a rich man.

It is a conservation of value to be wished by orphans.

But you're saying it was through some personality quirk of your own.

Yeah, I get stabby.

What's it?

No, I'm not familiar with Dominican slang.

What does that mean?

Crankier.

I live on the street, so I got to know how to take care of myself and be tough guys.

Certainly.

Are you wise?

No, again, I do.

I'm not familiar with this trip.

I'm trying to say Lord A.L.W. is dead.

Please call me Lord Andrew Lordweber.

Please call him now to deserve the respect.

I go...

What is your name?

I'm the way we have to.

My name is...

Is it Fagan?

It's Forval.

Forval.

It's like Fival, but one last...

So...

Wait, what was I saying?

Oh, stabby.

Yes, stabby.

I think what he's trying to say is he actually stabs people.

Oh, yeah.

All the time.

Is that what you mean?

You've got to take care of yourself.

You've got to know how to stay up or else you'll get...

You know, you're taking a...

Well, you're not wrong there.

Are you carrying a weapon right now?

I'm not carrying it.

It's in my pocket.

You know...

You know, semantics.

He's got you.

Okay.

Please...

Pocket is carrying it.

My hands are all greasy from the scraps, so I don't want to get on a knife because then the stabby won't be so accurate.

And to be fair, you did make him unwrap the scraps.

Yeah, yeah.

Well, you know, I mean, that actually is in our favor in case he wants to pull that knife.

So that would...

It may slip out of his hands.

Why so ever should he want to pull that knife?

No, you guys seem nice.

We are.

I am.

So did your father figure, the rich guy, I would imagine.

Where he was nice.

He was nice.

Why?

Why were you compelled to become so as you put it?

Stebbir?

He's got a mouth on him.

He don't know where to stop.

Is that so?

Why?

Well, some of you tell me to clean my room and I'm not ready to clean my room fucking...

Please.

Don't fuck with me.

Horrible.

Come on now.

I mean, I hate...

I hesitate to even criticize you.

It's okay.

I like your show.

I'm a fan of the show too.

Wait, you know this show as well?

How did you get lost right outside my building then?

I got lost all over the place, but right outside I heard the beautiful voice and I came to it.

I didn't even know it was like...

It was like it was pulling me towards like a rapture of some kind.

I've been gone for two years.

It's 2011 right now because we take the show a year in advance.

So how have you even heard the show?

Have you been listening outside the door this whole time?

Sometimes I'll just go up close to people's ears when they have headphones in and try and listen in on the streets.

Oh, that's not annoying.

No, they hate it.

Well, I would curse those people.

You're an adorable little fellow.

Thank you.

I would be delighted to come with you.

Come from you, that's a dream.

I would feel much more comfortable if you disarmed yourself.

If you just sort of put that out on the table and just...

That's one.

One?

Large knife.

One.

A butterfly knife or invented that?

In what way did you invent that because that's an actual professional knife.

I just thought of it.

So I bought it.

You bought it.

You didn't.

Sometimes I like to say that's inventing things.

I've never had one before and I never seen it.

So when I bought it, I said, now this is something I could get used to.

Young masterful, though.

They ask you and you say butterfly knife.

Yeah.

Are you referring to the shape or its purpose?

I have killed many butterflies.

By knife.

Yeah, because they don't know when to fucking...

Oh, again.

Young fellas.

They just fly near you and it's in your personal space and you got to tease these fucking things.

Oh, I have one.

Please.

Where did you learn this kind of language?

The streets.

Oh, okay.

Yeah, I would go.

Now you have it.

Yeah, it's the streets.

So what exactly...

So did the policemen take you away?

No, I ran out into...

I grabbed what I could in my bindle and I went out into the streets.

You grabbed your coat of many colors.

Yeah, Mike.

I still had that.

Mike, I said, break me my color code.

Now did you...

I ran out into the streets.

The servants brought you...

Yeah.

And they weren't frightened of you from...

No, they couldn't... I nice to them, but they know what they crossed.

May I say, Scaldric, and of course, Fauvel will know this from his experience with this rigidly man.

Servants, they do their jobs and they do... if they're good servants, they do them impeccably well.

It would be crossing a boundary for a servant to presume someone from the upstairs.

You got another place.

You have to know you.

Sure.

Now I have a couple on this, we do agree.

I have seen downtown Abbey, so I know...

Yeah, yeah.

Scaldric.

Yes?

Oh my word.

What's wrong?

I know Dad.

Like fingernails on the chalkboard of my ear.

I don't know what you're talking about.

I'm talking about my favorite program in downtown Abbey.

Oh, you said it twice now.

Oh God.

I love that show.

I'm the biggest downtown Abbey.

I'm getting stabby.

I don't want...

Go for it.

I won't bring it up anymore.

Can I ask something about your coat?

Sure.

You say it's a code of many colors.

Yeah.

Are you sure it's not just a white coat that has a lot of red blood stains on it?

Are you fucking came here right now?

Don't fall.

It might have been my amazing Technicolor dream coat.

It's dead.

I just wanted to make sure that...

It's red light ways all around the thing.

I'm sorry.

I could do best to take the last advice.

I still do.

There is blood on the coat, but it's so many.

It's the blood of many.

People have different colors.

So wait a minute.

Are you trying to say that like Spock's green blood?

I told her a name royal.

Who is this?

You killed Leonard Nimle.

This morning.

Watch, watch.

In 2011.

I hope no one will ever hear of this.

Okay, let me check.

Excuse me.

Oh, okay.

I'm back.

No, no one's heard of it.

Oh, thank you.

Next year.

Let's just keep this disc.

Just keep this disc.

Not the real guy.

It's an imposter.

Oh my God.

Because I think I checked and no one has ever seen the headline Director of Three Men and a Baby has been killed.

I heard if you watched that film.

You can see the background of one of the seeds where Ted Danson is throttling Steve Gutenberg to death.

Saying, why do you make us have a baby?

We're only two men.

It's very early in the film.

In the background, you can see Leonard Nimle being stabbed to death.

Oh my God.

There's a shotgun too for a second, but.

Turns out it was just a cardboard cutout of William Shatner drowning his wife.

Oh, dear.

Oh, alright.

My wife.

Alright, alright.

Let's get back on track here because we've gone off the rails.

Good luck to you.

A little bit here.

I did have one question though for you, Andrew.

Yeah, for, I mean, you said I could ask about anything.

Anything at all.

Yeah, and I just had one really specific question about.

I want to get deep with you here.

Yes.

So, can you tell me what were the colors of Joseph's coat?

Oh, of course I get it.

Let me see if I remember correctly.

It was red and yellow, green, brown, scarlet, black.

I think there was an ochre, peach, ruby, olive violet.

Fawn.

Memory says lilac.

No, of course.

Chocolate.

Move.

I think there was also a little bit of a cream in there.

Have I said crimson yet?

I think there was crimson.

Silver, of course.

Something else in the red palette rose.

As your lemon, russet, grape.

Did you say cream, sir?

I did say, I believe I said creams.

He said it.

Purple.

He said it.

Just like, let him do his thing.

Quite, even though it's the absence of color.

Pink.

Orange.

Red.

Yellow.

Green.

Brown.

Did I say scarlet, black and ochre?

Yes.

Oh, you know what it is?

I'm seeing them in my mind.

And in my mind, Joseph is turning around.

I feel like you've forgotten.

He's doing a spin, a 360.

He's showing it off.

Yes, and so he's seen the real dandy.

I'm seeing them all over again from the beginning.

Yeah, I feel like you've forgotten a really important one.

Did he say crimson?

He said crimson.

You want me to ask him about it?

Oh, yeah, I'm sorry.

I'm sorry.

You've just shut up the money.

Shut up.

Shut up the money, baby.

Yes, gentlemen, please.

This is most unseemly.

Okay.

This kid.

Oh, blue.

Yes, that's the one that I'm talking about.

I don't know why I couldn't think of blue.

Yeah, maybe the most popular color of all.

This kid bugs me.

I don't know what it is.

You were a fucking bitch.

Oh, please.

Why don't you practice your butterfly knifing for just a little bit?

Let the grown-ups talk for me.

Try to stab around your fingers.

Have you ever done anything?

Mumbly pig.

Yes.

Are you really going to die?

No, I've never been more terrified my entire life.

You're not acting like it.

I have to say that you're a very character.

I'm trying to appease this monster.

I think you'll be really good on Smash then.

Do you think so?

Yes, because I mean, I would never have guessed.

Is it a bit of a cheat I'm playing myself?

I think it's not a stretch necessarily, but sometimes you have to ease into something.

You know, I loved the player where they're all playing themselves and everyone had a great fun.

Yeah, I mean, it's a lot like how Chris Rock had to play a crack addict before he could move on to being head of state.

Yes, that's right.

You know what I mean?

It's wonderful in that film.

It's so wonderful.

That's got you.

Yes.

I need you to spear it away from the studio.

I don't know that I have the resources to do.

What exactly did you do?

You simply must.

Well, I love my whole radio to a helicopter pilot to have him throw down a roof ladder.

We don't have one of those.

I mean, we just have this...

A lot of...

I mean, we just have kind of a strange hatch that leads into a, I say, a Heidi Hall.

Can I squeeze into this Heidi Hoeing spider hatch?

I guess you could, but I mean, the thing is...

Okay, goodbye.

Wait, it's hidden.

That's the...

I'll find it.

Okay, goodbye.

Well, I hope not forever.

I hope not forever.

Okay.

Hey, four of all.

Hey.

So, how did that game go?

It went good.

I was practicing my night.

Yeah, yeah, yeah.

It looks good.

Yeah.

You didn't stab your...

Where did my daddy go?

Oh, you didn't see him go away?

No.

Yeah, you had your back turn.

You must be going to get the room ready to cage room.

Yeah, that sounds good to you, huh?

Yeah, I can't wait.

I'm going to be...

Spend a whole year inside that cage?

Finally feel loved and be just like a real boy.

I say, is it gone?

Oh, shit.

So, Jake, give me the old cloud.

Oh, my God.

Sound the old cloud.

Scott, did you try to pull fast one on me?

I didn't pull anything.

I was...

Oh, Charlie, he's gone by the new...

Oh, my God.

No, it's not.

Oh, my God.

You were literally gone for 60 seconds.

That's not enough time to get rid of anyone.

I just thought he would have killed you and got bored and wandered off.

Hey, you were willing to sacrifice me?

Not willing to sacrifice you, but willing to turn a blind eye.

Should you be sacrificed?

You're not listening to me.

No, I can't hear sometimes.

Okay.

I hope this is one of those times.

It's my one good ear.

Seems like even with one ear you'd be able to hear.

Never mind.

Got it.

So, no, I didn't pull a fast one on you.

I was looking in the same direction as you and this guy just like totally turned around.

He tried to get out of here.

This guy is a Lord of the Lord, by the way.

Look, I'm not going to lie.

I understand.

Oh, yeah.

Is that what adults usually do?

It's just my favorite and I really wanted to live with you, but you know, I got a lot of baggage and stuff, so...

Though it means my most certain death.

Will you please let me adopt you?

Oh, I know.

Oh, my gosh.

This is the greatest day of my life.

Please become my murderous son.

I am a Lord.

I'm a reward.

Oh, Ward.

Yeah, it goes Ward first.

He's here with a Robin type.

Yeah, it's worth solving crimes.

Yeah.

For the Hilante justice.

I got a sweet little outfit on too.

So...

What?

Now that I see it, yes, it is rather reminiscent of your rags and tattoos.

I just assumed were clothes that were wearing off of you are actually very carefully constructed in Robin costume.

Yeah.

Oh, wow.

This is amazing.

I've always wanted to visit your place and you've never invited me.

Well, no.

But surely you didn't expect an invitation.

Oh, I'm, you're on this program so many times.

Yes.

How many times have I been invited, dear boy?

One.

Yes.

And this is that time?

And now I would like to be invited to your place.

Well, well, why don't you try bursting into my home a few times?

Yeah.

Try.

And then you see how it goes.

Try.

It seems to lead to invitations.

All right.

Try bursting and see what happens.

Oh, I like this.

So it seems like you have some sort of like little attack dog here at the ready now.

No, no.

You're going to keep in a cage and you're going to have to protect your house.

Please don't talk that way about my ward.

Who's also my Hilante justice partner.

I mean, I thought you and I were cool on this.

Look, I'm terrified of him.

I tried to appease him.

Why did you say that you were going to adopt him?

I tried to appease him.

Are you going to try to ditch him?

No, I'm going to try to keep the idiots' convenience.

Don't you understand?

You're not actually going to adopt him.

My God, no.

Why would I?

He's stabbing you.

Well, how do we get rid of this guy?

I don't know.

I think the only thing to do is to try to out reach into one of these knives and kill him.

All right.

The knives are back on the table.

Yeah.

I think the mistake that we made the last time was that we announced that we were going to all reach for them.

Yes.

I should just give a jump on him.

Yes.

Before he does.

So that way we have at least like a half second before he.

I say, should we have a code word?

Yeah.

What should the code word be?

Knife.

Knife grab.

Okay.

So if either of us has knife grab, then we're both going to reach for the...

Now to grab knife.

There has to be crystal claw.

Okay.

Knife grab.

How can we remember that?

You would have to be some mnemonic.

Yes.

A mnemonic device.

Let's just let us know that when we grab the knife, we want to see knife grab.

The signal is left grab.

I remember to grab the knives when we have the term knife grab.

Okay.

He stands for kid.

Yes.

He's a kid.

Yes.

And he stands for naughty.

He's a naughty kid.

Yes he is.

Okay.

I stand for I.

I'm going to grab a knife.

Yes.

I am the person.

F stands for friend.

He's not our friend.

Friend.

Okay.

And E stands for education, which is every child should have an education.

Yes.

That would be really easy.

Also, every good boy deserves fudge.

That's true.

Okay.

So that's that.

Yes.

Go ahead.

I did knife.

You can do.

Of course.

That's what happened.

G stands for get zooks.

I'm terrified that this is a child who's going to stand with an knife.

Okay.

I must rest the knife away from his control.

And therefore, gain the other hand.

Okay.

Fantastic.

Remember that.

All right.

All stands for really don't you think inside you could have the knife?

Okay.

Good.

Hey, we're up there.

Hey.

That's what.

Yeah.

Here we are.

It would be worth this little boy to grab the knife first.

Okay.

And stab us.

Okay.

And then of course that leads us to the last letter B.

B.

Boy.

Okay.

So we have it for kid.

Let's review.

Kid.

And naughty.

He's a naughty kid.

I want to grab this knife.

Yes.

F.

Friend.

He's not a friend.

Not a friend.

That's what we're going to do.

E.

Every good boy deserves fudge and education.

That's right.

I'm dead.

I am dead.

I am slain.

Oh.

Herfity.

Oh.

A plane on your lack of a house.

Number one.

Oh boy Paul.

What do you think?

You're number one episode.

That I'm pleased, please does punch his pilot.

That the aforementioned punch his pilot that we were just talking about.

There you go.

I was pleased as he.

As that great man.

That this was a number one.

I enjoyed this episode so much.

Yes.

It seemed like it was so much fun to record.

It was.

I can tell you that from me and from Lord Andrew Lloyd Webber and from Bob.

And from Bob Moynihan who played the urchin foreville.

I would say.

And the real Andrew Lloyd Webber.

Yes.

I would say if I were in Andrew Lloyd Webber's place, I would imagine I would say what a fun time it was and how the excitement of it just continuing that narrative and going on and not doing the games and just like just that crazy kind of riffing that just.

And the unexpected ending with the pneumatic device, the knife grab and everything.

All fun out of thin air.

Yes.

Had I participated in it, I would say it's one of the most fun times I ever had recording a podcast.

Well, not for me, but hey.

Well, it was, you know, the apples and oranges.

Do each zone?

No, of course I love that episode.

And it rightfully takes the place or takes the place of number one.

It takes place at number one.

There's no more number ones.

It never takes its place.

And Paul, I want to thank you so much for being my co...

My co...

No, my co... co... co...

host for this these very two special best of episodes.

This was a great year.

The two is special best of episodes.

Oh my gosh.

And I wish you had been on it more this year.

But maybe next year, who knows?

2013, you know.

Scott, I would like to thank you for the times that I have appeared on the show.

Have brought me a whole crop of new fans every time.

And it has been a great deal to me, so thank you so much.

Thank you.

Your participation in these episodes has been a great deal to me.

And more than that though, Brett, I want to thank you.

More than that.

I don't like that at all.

No, but I do want to thank the listeners we've had such a great year.

And it's been my pleasure to do both the TV show and keep doing the podcast.

While we were doing the TV show, it was my pleasure to do them all.

And I feel like this has been the best year in Comedy Bang Bang history.

The history of the...

Long story history of Comedy Bang.

The one and one half year.

Yes, stretching all the way back.

But I think we're going to have a great 2013.

And I think that there's going to be more Comedy Bang Bang goodness to come.

And I really look forward to...

Hey, guys!

Hey!

Oh, wow!

Wow!

How you doing?

Hey, it's...

Oh my God, it's weird how you think of it.

Hey, hey, hey!

Hey, I know you're doing your best stuff show for the year.

And I meant to drop by earlier.

Where are you up to in the countdown now?

Well, we've done all the way from 10 to number one.

Oh, so we've done the entire countdown.

So sorry, where was I in the countdown?

I'm sorry, I missed it, man.

I wish I could have roofed with you guys.

Which...

Hey, you're up as always.

This is not exactly like within the balance of the year.

It's not necessarily one.

It's not two-way-way.

It's a big countdown.

But it's a lot of numbers.

You sang a lot of the countdown.

Look, out of the whole year!

We did probably 55-56 shows this year.

Yeah, let me...

Yeah, if I can.

What Scott is trying to say is, no.

You are not in the countdown.

Thank you, Paul.

I never know how to say that.

Sometimes just the straight line, you know.

Thank you, Guy.

That's great!

Like, one to two hour parking.

I'm going to go before I get ticketed.

Oh, no!

No!

It's the end of 2013!

No, I hope so!

I hope so!

I hope you make your best of next year!

No, I'll do it!

I love you!

Why are you leaving?

Don't leave, though!

Come on, you're my girl!

You're on the lock!

You're my girlfriend!

You know, we live together!

Why?

I can't!

Why?

It's so hateful to me!

Well, Paul, I think there's only one last thing to do before we leave.

I think you're right Skye, that is play a little...

ummm...

Bap bap bap bapadda Bap tabadaddaf Baa bla!

See you bro! See you in 2013! Thanks bye!

This has been an earwolf media production. Executive producers Jeff Ulrich and Scott Ockerman.

For more information, visit earwolf.com Earwolf radio, boom! Dawgom!

The world's dead.
